boy do not cry ( formerly entitle take it like a man ) 3rd final white shoot script September 24 , 1998 script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 1 ext - deserted highway - night ( dream ) Black and dreamy . the sky go on forever . the highway bend with the earth 's curve , as though inside a paperweight . 2 int - vintage car - travelling - night ( dream ) brandon , 20 , boyish , handsome in a chicago white sox jacket , race forward . his eye scan the approach road - yellow line and glisten asphalt . indeterminate element of city , night landscape out of time . star be come down . brandon watch intensely . steam billow up around hin . a girl with blonde hair , she face obscure by darkness , sit beside he . he pull she close and point to the pass landscape . a white dust gather on the horizon . he check the rear view mirror , then speed up . Dust enter the car . title : fall CITY , nebraska , December 1993 3 int - restaurant kitchen ~- night steam . brandon 's eye . restaurant sound . brandon pull from the reverie . reveal he be teena , a androgynous teen , wash pan in scalding hot water at a enormous sink . she look at the clock - second hand 's barely move . as she lean back for a breather , a bus boy drop a load of dish . title : lincoln , nebraska , October , 1992 ext / int - trailer ( live room , kitchen , bedroom ) - night follow as a dishevel teena stumble in and through . she come upon joann , she mom , 37 and joann 's boyfriend , 32 , illuminate by the tv 's glow . they turn she way . boyfriend go out on a hot date , stud ? joann ( to boyfriend ) stop that . ( to teena ) hi honey , be work ok ? still move , teena nod , pause in the kitchen , for some milk and move toward she bedroom . joann tammy call , she want to know if you can watch Jake Saturday night . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library continued : teena nod , enter she bedroom , shut the door and lie on the bed stare at the ceiling . Music , laugh , sound of a party filter in . a knock at the door . mom ( 0.s. ) we 's be go to Lucy 's party . wanna come ? teena Nah , that 's ok , I will catch ya later . thanks . they leave . teena sit up and watch through the window as she mom and the boyfriend disappear into a crowd of couple . teena pull a bag out from under the bed , open it - a nicely wrap western shirt . ext - lincoln , nebraska street - night cruise by row of candy - color trailer into the downtown district . teena strain to see herself . she 's wear the new western shirt . she look like a boy . see three college girl , " he " flatten he shirt . teena ( to himself / deep voice ) hey ... ( it pop high ) hey . they cross . he slow , stop , then roll down the window . teena ( nervously ) hey ! you need a ride somewhere ? one girl reach for the door until she get a better look . girl you gotta be kid . no offense . but - the dyke bar 's -( she laugh ) teena restart the car and pull away , watch the girl disappear in the rear view mirror . ext - brandon' trailer - night teena carry the ball up shirt , and make she way to the party . she 's about to go on when she mom wave she in . she follow , grab a beer and stand daze , watch ~ people at picnic - talk and dance , she mom and boyfriend laugh . a cordless phone ring . she pick up . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 6 continued : teena hello ? no , I be sorry . I think you have the wrong number . okay , goodbye . she hang up and watch a beautiful girl dance . slow on the girl . the phone ring again . she pick up again . teena hello . a pause , then a girl 's voice . heather ( 0.s. ) oh. hi ! I call a minute ago . wrong number . teena I remember . heather ( 0.s. ) ok ... I just want to say - you sound really cute - what 's you name ? a realization . a wave of excitement . teena speak quietly . 7 int - teena 's trailer - night nervous laughter . sound of scissors . teena yeah , yeah , yeah , that 's it . right . better . lonny , 24 , midwest queerboy , teena 's cousin cut teena 's hair . they have be drink . teena indicate lonny take more off the side . lonny make a last cut . teena go for the mirror . lonny stop she . lonny if you be a guy , I might even wanna fuck you . teena you mean if you be a guy you have wanna fuck I . lonny yeah , yeah . ok superstar . lonny spin she around and hand she the mirror . teena be '' brandon , '' the boy from the beginning . stun , he look at himself from one angle then another . he look down . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library continued : brandon ( burst out laugh ) lonny , man it look like a deformity . brandon remove a sock from he pants , replace it with one half the size . he look to a picture of Sean Penn from Teen beat , on the dresser , to a poster of Matt dillon on the wall , to Matt 's bulge , to lonny 's , and then readjust he own . lonny ( a little drunk ) ok , you be a boy , now what ? brandon turn from the mirror and grab he key and jacket . brandon come on . ext - skate world parking lot - night a majestic neon sign glow in the night : skate world . the lot be full of beautiful , allure teenager - some sit on car , smoke and talk . other make out . all try to be cool . all be straight . at the other end of the lot , lonny and brandon get out of they car . lonny survey the wall of teenager . lonny no fuck way . brandon yes , fuck way . come on , do not be a pussy . brandon grab lonny to go , but lonny will not budge . lonny Fine , I be a pussy . brandon make another start . lonny grab he . brandon shake himself free , straighten he wrinkle shirt . brandon someone 's wait . I gotta go . do not worry . just wait . lonny slick brandon 's hair to the side . brandon run off and disappear into the crowd . lonny watch . slo mo on brandon as he make he way through and enter . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 10 11 12 int ~ skate world - night 9 brandon enter , make eye contact with Heather , 15 , pretty , with a friend ( wear makeup and push - up bras ) , wait nervously . he head over . brandon hi ... I be billy . int skate world - on the floor - the light low - night 10 Music . brandon skate arm in arm with Heather . reflection from a disco ball skate across they face . heather you do not seem like you 's be from around here . - brandon where do I seem like I be from ? heather someplace beautiful . brandon hold Heather closer to he as they skate . ext - heather' suburban lincoln house - night 11 a beautiful tree -line street . Middle class house . Heather kiss brandon goodnight , then pull away . heather can we hang out again ? brandon sure . ( he kiss she , then pull away ) I 'il wait here till you be safe inside . Heather run inside . brandon watch a light come on ina second floor window . Heather pull up the shade and wave . brandon blow she a kiss . Heather pull down the shade . brandon ( to himself ) wow ! int - brandon' trailer - live room to bathroom - middle of the night 12 Silent . brandon walk through , enter the bathroom , and stare into the mirror at he emerge boyness . he 's thrilled , then scar-d . he go to the window , open it wide ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 12 13 14 15 16 continued : 12 and look out into the night . star thick and pour down . a highway stretch across the landscape . truck float on the horizon . int - restaurant kitchen ~ night 13 brandon wash dish . Tom 's at the pizza over . tom so , can you cover for I tomorrow night ? brandon sorry , man . I get a date . Tom look at brandon like , " what be you kid . " brandon walk to where some coat be hang . he make sure no one 's look , then reach into one coat pocket and then another , remove a wallet and steal a $ 20 bill . ext - heather 's house - night 14 brandon , in a cool jacket , walk up load with gift - flower and chocolate . Heather open the door , she 's upset . brandon what 's wrong ? heather I can not go out with you tonight . I have to watch my little brother . brandon oh , do not worry about it . he give she the gift . she 's shocked and happy . int - heather 's live room - night - little later 1s brandon tiptoe from the boy 's room and dim the light . brandon shhh ... he 's asleep . int - heather 's live room - night - little later 16 he whip out a cassette , and play it low . Salt N pepa 's " shoop . " Heather look on in awe , come up behind and kiss he . they kiss and kiss . she lead he to the couch , whisper , " billy , " and start to unbutton she blouse . he help she . she start to open he pants . lose in desire , he help she - then stop himself . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 16 17 18 continued : 16 brandon wait ! wait ! wait ! Heather look at he , confuse . brandon we gotta slow down . heather ( embrace he ) but I do not want to ! brandon I do not either but - ( beat ) I think we should wait till we be marry ... she look at he - amaze . heather so you really do not mind if we do not ...? brandon no , of course not . she kiss hin . int - lincoln mall by the jewelry store - day 17 brandon and Heather window shop for ring . they turn and walk arm in arm . a little boy turn the corner . slo mo on joann , she boyfriend , tammy , 23 , brandon 's older sister , and jake , 5 , brandon 's nephew , who be a few step behind . Jake walk up to brandon . jake aunt teena ! brandon give he nephew a blank stare , then see joann and tammy . Heather take it all in . Jake pull at brandon 's arm affectionately . joann watch in a state of shock . jake what happen to you hair ? brandon almost laugh . Heather run . brandon look to he Mom , she boyfriend . int - another part of the mall - day 18 brandon have catch up with Heather in a crowd . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 18 continued : 18 brandon ( desperate , shake ) it 's not what you think ! she reach out to touch he face . he pull hack . heather oh my God ! brandon no. wait ! I can explain . Heather run and brandon follow , frantic . brandon Heather please - Heather disappear . brandon look frustrated . 19 int - jewelry store / mall corridor - day - same 19 the display of ring Heather be look at . brandon grab one . he see Heather run by in the corridor , chase she . as he step through the door , a security guard grab he . he look up to see he family watch , on the escalator . 20 ext - lincoln psych clinic - day 20 boyfriend , joann and brandon climb into the car . everyone 's nerve be shattered . 21 int - car - day 21 joann will you at least tell I why you do it ? will you just try ? brandon , shake and teary , look out the window . joann what do you think you be do ? boyfriend tell you one thing she be do . she be steal . and it be not the first time either , be it . brandon shut up ! you be not my dad ! boyfriend oturn around furious ) do not you dare tell I to shut up ! ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 21 22 23 24 continued : 21 joann stop it ! both of you . they drive on in silence . brandon 's face be reflect in the glass against the pass lincoln landscape . joann ( 0.s. ) but it 's go to stop right ? it 's go to stop . int - brandon 's trailer - live room - night 22 brandon channel surf - wrestle , speed racer . he space out , then notice Jake asleep on he lap . he look to the phone , look away , ease Jake onto the couch , grab the phone , then dial . it ring . he wait nervously . a girl 's voice say " hello ? " intercut with : int - heather' live room - night 23 brandon Heather ? ( silence ) look I know I be not suppose to call you , but I really miss you , can not we just go skate - for like a hour . heather I look up that word , hermaphodite - it say it be a animal . I can not date a animal , billy . brandon take a deep breath . another voice come on . heather 's mom ( 0.s . ) please do not call here anymore or I will call the cop . she hang up . he mouth bewilder , " the cop ? " , hang up , stand and move down the hall past family photo - teena at 5 , in a Easter dress ; at 8 , play air guitar like chrissie hynde ; at 16 , trace of " brandon , " in fatigue , she arm protectively around tammy , 20 , another of the family . a 1970 's photo of a man on a motorcycle - young and handsome . brandon reflect in the glass resemble the man . he slick he hair back like the man' . rain . ext - lonny'' trailer - night 24 rain . a figure streak through . brandon pound on a door . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 10 . 24 continued : 24 title : one year later 25 int - lonny 's trailer - night - same 25 brandon enter wind , draw the shade and go to the wall . brandon Brothers . lonny what ? brandon alicia . lonny alicia ? who 's alicia ? lonny follow brandon , who peek through the window . brandon damn ! there 's a lot a they . lonny {suddenly scared ) what the fuck have you do ? they stand by the window , terrify - angry voice outside - pound on the trailer . brandon look at lonny . brandon ( finger to he lip ) shhh ! lonny I be call the police . brandon no ! not the police . lonny look at he . pound get louder . the trailer shake . stuff fall . then it stop . brandon and lonny listen . the voice seem to move away . brandon look at lonny . brandon Close , huh ? lonny shove he up against the wall . lonny what be the matter with you ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library il . 25 continued : 25 brandon I do not know ! I do not know what go wrong ! lonny you be not a boy that 's what go wrong . you be not a boy ! brandon tell they that . I be the best boyfriend they ever have . it 's true . lonny it 's true . ( pause ) for about a week . lonny grab brandon 's wallet and take he last $ 20 . brandon hey , what be you do ? lonny the money you owe I . I want it back . all of it . lonny see a credit card with the name " alicia Harris . " lonny you steal she Visa Card ? brandon I do not steal it . it 's like robinhood . she want a suede jacket . it be she birthday . lonny Robin Hood !? - you be out of you fuck mind . brandon lonny , do not say that . lonny I think you be get a grip . lonny throw the wallet down . it hit the ground . brandon careful with that ! credit card , court summon , picture of brandon and girl , fake id " Charles brayman " with teena 's picture spill out . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 12 . 25 continued : ( 2 ) 25 lonny Jesus Fucking Christ . we have create a monster . brandon 26 27 I be not a monster . and you do not create shit . brandon begin pick up the picture . him and the girl - he arm around they - he look happy . they look happy . lonny what happen to that shrink ? brandon she say I be a dyke . lonny look at he like " what if you be ? " brandon do not even start . lonny sit down by he and help he pick up the picture . lonny there 's gotta be another way . int - post office - day 26 brandon face a wall of p.o. box , he reach in and grab a envelope . Inside , a pamphlet " tran - the uninvite dilemma . " he slip it inside a comic book and pour over sexy image of pre - and post - op - seize on word " sex change , " " a miracle . " he look up thrilled . he turn the page - " surgical procedure , " " cost " and " psychological screen . " he look up again . his heart pound . a flash . a surgical instrument , flesh , sound of a incision . he look around , scrunches the pamphlet , stuff it in he pocket , avoid eye contact and walk swiftly . he nearly run into a park car . he stop and look it over ~- a beautiful vintage cadillac resembling the car in he dream . he look closer - the key be in the ignition . he look around - no one in sight . he reach for the door . int - vintage car travelling on MAIN STREET - day 27 " Mr . Big stuff " blast . brandon drive , barely see over the dashboard . he make a wide turn . lindy , 15 , beside he feel the leather seat , find l'il Kim , and other cool music . brandon hand she a milk~shake . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 13 . 27 continued : 27 lindy Wayne , be you dad like a pimp or something ? brandon my dad ? no , he 's a singer out in Memphis . we ’1ll go visit he sometime . how would ya like that ? lindy lean in and kiss he . brandon smile . lindy God , Wayne , you be the bomb . they pull onto the throughway . she kiss he . Police siren . he look in the mirror - terror . he look to lindy . 28 int - lincoln - CITY police station - day 28 insert - brandon get he mug shot . a sign around he neck - Grand theft Auto . flash . fear in he eye . 29 int - juvenile hall - judge 's chamber - day 29 the judge go through brandon 's aliase and wrap sheet - forgery , shoplift , grand theft auto . shaken , brandon hand he a note , " my uncle Dan maupin , he pass away ... " judge miss brandon , how do you plead ? brandon not guilty , you honor , Sir . judge miss brandon , due to you recidivism , lie and lack of custodial guardian , I be assign a sentencing hearing for two week from today , for November 15 . in the meantime , you be release on you own recognizance . judge stamp the warrant . brandon take it , bow he head . 30 ext - skate world - night 3 '' Girls hang out , watch brandon walk past . one girl he be so cute . second girl " he 's " trouble . stay away . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 14. 30 continued : 30 the girl stare he down . guiltily , he walk on . 31 ext - highway - night 31 brandon , with he duffle , hitchhike . a truck pass , nearly blow he over . he jog back towards lincoln city light . 32 int - lincoln bar phone booth - night 32 brandon ( jovial ) genie , hey , it 's Charly . yeah , Charles , the fuckup , I be call to say hell -- ( click ) . agitate and fray , he dial another number . brandon ( desperate ) Mary , wait . I need a place to stay . ( click ) . outta change and number , he look up to see a girl he recognize - Heather . he straighten himself out and be about to approach she , when he see a diamond ring on she finger . a big handsome guy appear and kiss she . they turn towards brandon . he duck into the dark , disappear into the rough crowd . he make he way to the bar , spend he last $ 2 on a shot , throw it back , then look up to see candace , 22 , perch beside he . candace bad night ? brandon the worst . I just run into my ex - girlfriend ... with she fiance . candace Rough . brandon I woulda laid down my life for she . he show she a tatoo on he arm : " Heather . " brandon what 's you name ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library be . 32 continued : 3 % candace " candace " ... I hate it though , I be think of change it . brandon sometimes that help . I be brandon . candace I have the worst night ever ... candace be out of cigarettes . she hand brandon $ 10 . candace ( cont 'd ) I will pay if you get them - marlboros . brandon disappear . candace try to ignore a guy by she . candace I say get lose . guy come on bitch . you be lookin ' at I . I know what you want . candace get offa I -- brandon return with cigarettes and size up the situation . brandon why do not you leave she alone ? I do not want any trouble . guy ( look brandon over ) you gotta be kid . I do not ask what you want , you little faggot . the guy shove brandon . brandon throw a punch . the guy deck he . candace watch in awe as brandon jump up , get knock down , and get back up , ready to throw himself at the guy . someone restrain brandon . brandon turn to see : JOHN , 20 , handsome , tough , something not quite right about he , be smile and hold brandon 's arm . brandon get off ! let I at that fucker ! JOHN hold on cowboy . the bartender and a bouncer hold the other guy back . ( cont inued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 16 . 32 continued : ( 2 ) 32 JOHN ( to candace ) can not we leave you alone for five minute without you get we into deeper shit ? a fight erupt . John throw a punch . brandon see a cop head he way . he grab he bag and lead John out . 33 ext - lincoln bar - a dark alley - night - moment later 33 brandon , John and then candace stumble out . a police searchlight sweep the alley . brandon lead they through the darkness , in and out of pool of light . JOHN I hate that mother . brandon they suck . I 'da have he if you would not a stop I . candace turn and look at brandon 's bruise face . candace oh my GOD ! John , look . JOHN ( look ) you be gonna have a shiner in the morning . ( pleased ) I be ? brandon catch he reflection . candace maybe we should take he to a doctor . brandon no. I be fine ! brandon strike a match . as John lean in to get he cigarette light , he steady brandon 's hand . JOHN you hand be tiny . brandon hold up he hand . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 17 . 33 continued : 3 brandon they be big . ( he hide they ) Joe Louis have tiny hand . so. JOHN Fine , but he do not throw wild punch withoutta defense . if you be gonna get into fight over girl like candace , you gotta learn a few move . John 's fist come out of the darkness , a play hit graze brandon 's face . brandon pretend to go down . they catch up to ray , 21 , skinny , weird . he 's spraying " eat I , lincoln , n.e. " in emerald green . brandon nod , then stagger . John catch he . JOHN we 'il drop you off as soon as we find the goddamn car . candace sorry , it 's up here somewhere ( to brandon ) we be go to a party . wanna come ? JOHN candace ! candace he need to be cheer up . he 's a mess . JOHN it 's 70 mile away . brandon no , I really do not care . the night be young ... and I be a mess . they disappear one by one into the dark . 34 int / ext - candace's car on highway near fall CITY - night : John drive smile . they drink and do bong hit . brandon 's pass out in the back . candace have ice on he hand . brandon ( come to with a start ) be not we there yet ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 34 35 36 37 38 39 18 . continued : 34 JOHN just up ahead little dude . unless you wanna stop in a road-house and start another fight ? brandon yeah I will fight anybody . brandon fade again . ext - highway near fall CITY - night 35 candace 's car whisk down the highway . ext - fall CITY spinach factory - night 36 John watch a girl up in the factory window , like a princess trap in a castle . Ray and candace sleep in the car . brandon watch John grab a beer and go inside . moment later , John appear in the window , with the girl . brandon shut he eye . int - candace's farmhouse - spare bedroom - day 37 brandon awaken disorient . he get up and swoon . he look around and see he 's in a tiny farmhouse . he find he bag tuck away in a corner . he open it and see it 's a mess . int - candace's farmhouse - spare bedroom - day 38 moment later . a summon for " teena brandon - lincoln - 11/15 - Grand theft Auto . '' brandon hold it , and speak into the phone . brandon I do not know where the fuck I be . brandon be a wreck . he look around , pick up a old newspaper , check the front page . brandon Falls City ? intercut with : int - lonny'' trailer - day 3 '' lonny ( burst out laugh ) how would ya get down there ? I do not even think that 's on the map . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 19 . 39 continued : brandon wander to the mirror , see he shiner , touch it . brandon my life 's a nightmare . I get a big court date next week and I get nowhere to stay . my mom hate I . lonny she do not hate you teena . she just think you be ... brandon a total fuck up , I know and so do you ... can I please just crash at you house for a few day ? I will not steal anything , I promise . lonny what about that doctor ? brandon leaf through a tran - ( su ) port of nebraska pamphlet . brandon ( fast , under he breath ) lonny , that shit 's insane - you gotta see shrink , shoot hormone in you butt , and it cost a fuck fortune . i’1l be a old man by the time I get that kinda money . lonny so , we will be old man together . if you do not start now it 's never gonna happen and you will end up back in jail for a long time . brandon you think I can do it ? lonny Jesus , you be a butch . I be just a chicken shit faggot . brandon you be pussy whipped , that 's for sure . lonny straight to my house .. no stop in bar , no steal ... and no more girl . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library . 20 . 39 continued : ( 2 ) 39 brandon alright , I be get a grip . I x11 see you tonight . thanks , lonny . brandon hang up about to cry . he gravitate to emerald field and a endless blue sky out the window . brandon no more girl . no more . 40 int - candace's farmhouse - live room - day 40 brandon enter . candace with she child , age 2 , channel surf . candace smile at he . he notice it 's already 3 pm . candace hey handsome . brandon oh hey . that 's quite a tv . candace yep , 202 channel , plus HBO and MTV . a chick , kinda slutty like candace , come on MTV . candace ( cont 'd ) oooh . I hate she . she 's gross . ( flirtatious ) you like it when girl act like that ? brandon it sell record , I guess . sexy woman come on tv . brandon look away from they . candace ( flirtatious ) yeah , to gross pervert ... ( see he look away ) you still brood over you fiancée ? brandon what ? yeah , it 's a long story . he take the kid from she . candace ( seductively ) God , you be really good with kid . ( conttnued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 21. 40 continued : brandon yeah , well I get one of my own . candace , I hate to ask you for anything else , but I gotta get back to lincoln , now . candace I would drive you in a second , but I gotta work . wait , why do not you just come to the bar on my shift . i’1l get you a ride in no time . plenty of the trucker be my friend . brandon hand the kid back . 41 int - oasis bar - dusk he enter . Day drinker ritually turn , check he out , then turn back . candace be work . candace he 's go to lincoln later tonight . she point out the trucker , criminal , wiry , at the bar . 42 int - oasis bar men' bathroom ~ dusk brandon look indecisively from the urinal to the stall . the trucker enter , brandon pretend to zip he pants , then flush the urinal . trucker it 's gonna be a long night . you want something to help you stay awake ? the trucker take out some drug . brandon what , you mean like coke ? trucker Nah , man . I hate come down off coke out here . make you wanna ram the truck into a station wagon full of kid , right ? this be kinda like Black beauties . they be smooth . brandon ( laugh , super cool ) wow , great . uh , I be kinda wire right now , but maybe later . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 42 43 22 . continued : 42 trucker suit yourself . brandon smile like he 's bond , then look at himself in the mirror . it dawns on he , he 's pass . he smile . brandon thanks again . int - oasis bar - night - later 43 slo mo . the bar 's come to life . Men line the bar . a juke box play . brandon notice some beautiful girl look he way . he smile politely , walk over to where John and Ray play pool . John smile and give brandon a drink . JOHN hey champ . head out tonight ? brandon yeah . brandon drink . John take brandon 's glass and put it down . JOHN I wanna show you something you can use on that asshole in lincoln . John put he fist in a fight stance . he indicate brandon do the same . brandon do . JOHN ( laugh ) no , man ! not like that ! John fix brandon 's stance and gently swipe he across the head . JOHN ( con 't ) come on . watch my eye . brandon and John lock eye . John throw a punch , brandon block it . John throw another . brandon block that one too . JOHN ( con 't ) better . now come at I . brandon throw a punch . John block it and grab he in a boxer 's hug . Ray come over . John let go . brandon be shake , but pleased . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 23 . 44 int - oasis bar - night a little later . the bar be full . candace bring another round . the trucker come in , see brandon and wink at he . JOHN look like you 's be riding with Gary Gilmore . candace shut up , John , he seem fine , right ? JOHN yeah , just like family . kate , 19 , JOHN 's cousin , tough , good-look , enter . kate she wander off . kate go back outside . JOHN ( to brandon ) stick around , you get time . there 's gonna be some karaoke if this girl get they shit together . ( he head out , call ) lana . brandon listen to they echoe of " lana , " watch the trucker drink , then look up to see : at the bar - a beautiful , high -strung girl downs a second jeigermeister and grimace . it 's lana , 19 . candace , John and kate descend upon she . brandon watch . candace lana , let 's go on already . chain-smok , hand tremble , lana order a drink . kate forget it , candace . candace , but lana it be you idea . still no response . kate order a drink . finally , the girl sweep lana towards the stage . she look brandon 's way . lana who be you ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 24 . 45 int - oasis bar - onstage - night 45 moment later . the music come on , a mid-tempo country song . candace , kate and lana shift nervously as the intro play . the equipment fail . kate come on lana . lana hold the mike , nearly drop it . as the word begin , she lip-synch in a soft , unsteady voice . lana the lonesome Texas sun , be set slow . and in the rearview mirror , I watch it go . someone accidentally knock over a chair . John turn . JOHN shut the fuck up ! terrify , the guy at the table apologize . onstage , kate and candace roll they eye . John nod at lana to continue , ad but the song have go on . lana struggle to catch up . lana ( sing ) .-- still see the wind in she golden hair I close my eye for a moment , and I be still there ... the song move into its chorus , lana close she eye , move she head back and forth to the music . lana the bluest eye in Texas , be haunt I tonight . brandon watch , lean into the music . this be something he have not expect . lana ( con 's T ) like the star that fill the midnight sky , she memory fill my mind . where do I go wrong ? Ray whisper to a guy at the table . they look at John and laugh . John be go , transfix by lana 's sing . lana ( con 't ) do I wait too long ? or can I make it right ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 25 . 45 continued : lana ( con 't ) ( ) the bluest eye in Texas , be haunt I tonight . lana open she eye , smile . her mike feed back . she shake it . the feedback get louder . candace and kate help , but only make it worse . lana goddamn it to hell ! brandon watch lana , look like he die and go to heaven . 46 ext - oasis bar - night brandon stand by the trucker who be prepare to leave . he see John and Co. pour from the bar . John be about to get into a driver 's seat when a sheriff 's deputy 's car pull up . one deputy be brian , candace 's brother . John roll he eye and hand the key to Ray . JOHN ( brood to candace ) what fuck business be it of he , Jesus , how have you two grow up in the same family ? candace forget it John , he 's as bored as you . Brian and the other deputy walk to a domestic dispute pour out of the bar . all get in the car except for lana . lana look , what be we gonna do anyway ? pause while they think this over . kate what we always do , go drive around . lana I do not wanna go drive around in the mud with a bunch of loser in a giant truck . candace c'mon lana , do not ruin it . this be my only night out . I get a sitter and everything . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 46 47 26 . continued : 46 lana I be sorry . I be burnt and I be have a mood swing . go have fun and check in on I later . candace drive off . brandon fix on lana stand in the blue & red reflection of sheriff 's light . ext - oasis bar - night 47 moment later , candace pull up , the car fill with pot smoke . candace and kate be laugh . candace 's head be on the steering wheel and kate 's be on the dash . John lean out with a 6 - pack . lana what the fuck fuck ? I think you be gonna be like 5 minute . candace ( still laugh ) we only be go like three minute . lana 3 minute !! more like 3 fuck year ! kate ( romanian accent ) yes , you be right . we be stick een time warp . JOHN {to lana ) Jesus , get in the car already . lana sit on John 's lap . trucker finish what trucker do , get into the cab and start he engine . candace see brandon . candace brandon ... you stay . come here . brandon wander over to they car . candace ( cont 'd ) that guy probably be a psycho killer . come with we . crash with I again . brandon look at the trucker , then at candace , unsure . John throw he a Bud . it flip end over end toward he in slo mo , drift into he hand like a fexther . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 27 . 47 continued : JOHN one more night ... tyson ! brandon look to lana , sit on candace 's lap . the door slam . 48 ext - river - night John lead the gang through a maze of stoner kid . ray my little sister be like totally naked , and totally on fire . right , John ? JOHN Ray be like , " where 's my camera , " right ? brandon but you save everyone ? JOHN yeah , Ray be a big hero . he rescue everyone . right , dickwad ? ray ( proud and excited ) when they bring I in , they be like , " this be the biggest fuck fire around here in 50 year ! " you probably see it in the lincoln paper . that be I . a girl drink a 40 oz . colt 45 and breastfeed she baby . candace God , I have die if we live like that . lana you guy . we do . two guy watch a kid bumperski off the back of a big wheel truck . Girls in the bed cheer the kid on . kate hey , lana . you get any more beer ? ray here , have this one . kate ( contemptuously ) do you put you mouth on it ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 28. 48 continued : 48 John fashion a crystal meth pipe from a advil bottle and a bic pen . ray give I real work -- in the oil field . JOHN ( take a hit ) the only oil field you be get close to be when you be pump gas at the Kwik stop for the rest of you life . brandon yeah , I be think a be a smoke jumper , out in mt. St. helen 's or something . fight fire , make lotsa money , then travel all over . Memphis .. graceland . .. Tennessee . ray you dick , graceland be in Memphis and Memphis be in Tennessee . lana be about to take a hit , but start laugh . brandon I know it . when I be do , I would spend all that money I make and make a virtual reality room and watch it all over again . lana be about to hand brandon the pipe . lana whatever , I think maybe you have enough . brandon I be not have any . John and Ray burst out laugh . JOHN no shit man ! ray some people do not need drug . brandon here just hallucinate 24 hour a day . brandon look wounded . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 29 . 48 continued : ( 2 ) 4 ray ( cont 's D ) hey , I be just yanking you chain . JOHN ( neds toward the bumper - skier ) Ray , you be up . ray let I finish this first . Ray drink bourbon , look at John , then at brandon . JOHN all right brandon , that mean you . lana watch . hear the big engine of the truck . 49 ext - river - night - moment later 4 John peel off he shirt . his body be beautiful - c.u. on he pecs and stomach . rivetted , brandon unconsciously touch he hand to he own torso . John take a hit , blow smoke in brandon 's face , then show off one scar run down he neck and another on he wrist . JOHN this stuff make I walk right through a glass door . do not feel a thing . he offer brandon the pipe . brandon consider , decline then walk to the truck . kid wander over from the tree and watch . JOHN ( cont 'd ) alright . this here 's brandon . he 's a mean prizefighter from up to lincoln , so be careful what you say to he . a few of the kid laugh and shout . one whistle , and call out in a effeminate voice , " hey brandon , wanna suck my dick ? " JOHN ( lean in and whisper ) do not let they scare you . go ahead . be a man . brandon grab the bumper , jog , hold on and skis . he 's up a while then go down , crash hard . John and Ray come up as he brushes himself off . Ray offer another hit . brandon decline , take a drink , instead . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 30 . 49 continued : 49 JOHN ( take the hit grin ) you can do better than that , can not ya ? brandon get up again . the truck move fast . he wipe out - harder , but he 's right up laugh . Girls shout , " brandon . " lana watch . lana God , he be a freak . laugh , John mouth to brandon " one more time . " lana and kate stop it , John . JOHN ( still laugh ) ok , ok . ( he run up towards the truck ) . slow down man ! slow down ! brandon get ready to go again . lana stare at John . John grab brandon . JOHN take it easy . brandon what , I be fine . JOHN yeah , you be fine . you be do . you be fuck up , you know that ? John pat he cheek hard with affection . Ray watch . JOHN you be a crazy little fucker ! what be we gonna do with you ? brandon ( bashful look to John ) man , it 's nothing . lana stand up . John shift he attention to she . JOHN where be you go ? lana we be go to work . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 49 50 31 . continued : ( 2 ) 49 kate get up and join lana . kate unlike some asshole . JOHN wait - I x11 drive you . lana you do not have a car . lana and kate disappear into the wood . John and brandon watch . kid wander over , check brandon out . one hand he a beer . brandon take it , drink . more kid gather around . ext - kwik stop parking lot - night 50 candy -apple red truck and neon gas pump . the kid descend like winge furies , some in car , some on foot . farm kid in truck gather by the pump , white trash and stoner kid by the wall . John , Ray , candace and brandon move through the gather throng of teens . candace and Ray enter the k - stop . jobn lead brandon to the curb . they watch . a pickup lurch to a halt by a kid talk to a teenage girl . a 35 - year- old drunken dad jump out and push he chest against the kid 's . John sip he beer , then give it to brandon . JOHN look at that dickweed . fuck all the 14 - year- old girl . this be gonna be goad . dad ( yell ) you son of a bitch you fuck my daughter . another guy whip off he shirt , push against the dad . they wrestle and slam into brandon . a deputy 's car pull up . sheriff' deputy John , you get anything to do with this ? JOHN look like I get anything to do with this , Sir ? the deputy go . John shoot he the bird . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 32 . 50 continued : 50 JOHN man , every fuck move I make , on my ass , just wait to fuck I . a nerdy teen with he girlfriend get out of he car . nerdy teen {nervous to John ) hey John , where 's the party tonight ? JOHN in my butt . Ray and candace wander over . candace put she arm around brandon . candace ( to brandon ) glad you stay ? brandon see : candace , John and Ray silhouette the k-stop - teens and car fill the lot . the straight nightlife unfold before he . he seem to have arrive . he nod , " yep . " 51 int - candace 's farmhouse - live room - 4 a.m. - night 51 candace lovingly tuck brandon in - a pillow under he head , a afghan over he . she turn off the light and go to bed . brandon stir , then wake up . groggy , he relive the night . a realization . he stare at the ceiling , shake he head . brandon ( frustrated to himself ) shit ! he look at he crotch - a bloodstain along the inside thigh . 52 int - candace's farmhouse - bathroom - night - moment later 52 brandon hold he pants up and shake he head --a lost cause . he dump the remain from he bag : swiss Army knife , condom , bandana , ash , ticket , a sock . he remove a tampon wrapper , no tampon . " fuck . " he rummages the cabinet , still no tampon . he open the bathroom door , all be quiet and dark . 53 ext / int - kwik - stop deserted parking lot - night 53 brandon roll up , in candace 's car . he 's relieved no one 's there . he turn the motor off and be about to open the door when a stone girl float into he vision . it 's lana . brandon duck , then peek out . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 33 . 53 continued : Inside , lana haul a 400z beer to the cashier who demand id . lana do not have any . she try flirt with the cashier , but he still shake he head no . finally , she storm out , lean against the wall of the k-stop , and smoke . brandon run in . 54 int - kwik - stop - night brandon hey , you sell ruffle ? cashier point to the back . brandon spy tampon and be about to grab they . the door swing open and lana come back inside . cashier dream on lana . I can not be sell you no beer tonight . lana Fine . I will browse . lana move down the aisle , parallel to brandon , run she hand along the color box . eye glaze . two trucker enter . lana ( call out to the trucker } beer 's in the back if you want it . trucker look she over . lana stare at the beercase , then see movement reflect in the glass . brandon pocket the tampon . lana turn . brandon oh . hi! lana it 's space cowboy . lana stagger back . brandon cross to steady she . lana ( whisper ) whoa . I be so high on this killer weed , I do not know if I be ever gonna come down . I need beer . brandon see the cashier look up . he steer lana to the beer . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library in to 54 55 34 . continued : 54 brandon ( whisper to she ) shh . it 's ok . it 's ok , here 's the beer . lana grab a six - pack , weave off to the counter and stand mesmerize by the display of ring and the surreal orange glow of the hot dog . brandon catch up to she again . lana ( conspiratorially to brandon ) God , this be so beautiful . ( peer ) Jesus Christ . it 's like a album cover . I feel like I be on acid . carry he beer , the trucker come up to lana . trucker ( to lana ) Care to join I ? lana shake she head . the trucker touch she arm . lana fuck off . trucker do not talk to I like that you skanky little snake . brandon steer she away . lana shake he off and walk out . brandon push lana 's beer with he stuff , whip out he fake id . in it 's ok , it 's for I . brandon pay . the phone ring . the cashier answer it . brandon steal a ring , pocket it and run out . ext - kwik stop parking lot - night 55 lana weave across the parking lot . truck roar by . brandon ( gently ) lana wait - I x11 drive you home . lana I be walk . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 35 . 55 continued : brandon jog after she . when he catch up , they walk in silence . lana what be you still hang around here for , anyway ? lana be weaving across the parking lot . brandon look around . brandon I think someone oughtta walk you home before you get a mip or something . lana I do not need anyone to walk I anywhere . lana grab the beer from he , open it and drink . she walk on . she trip . brandon stop she from fall . lana ( con 't ) and I do not need you to stop I from trip . ° brandon man , you be one cranky girl . lana you have be cranky , too , mister I be - go - to-memphis - graceland - Tennessee , if you be stick in a town where there 's nothing to do but go bumper ski and chase bat every night of you evil fuck life . brandon hey , I be bored my whole life . lana be that why you let John tie you to the back of a truck and drag you around like a dog ? brandon I think that 's what guy do around here . lana look at he . hard to argue with this . they walk on . s56 ext - mlana 's house - porch - night lana unlock the door , then turn around without open it . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 56 57 continued : 56 lana wait a minute . what 's you name , anyway ? brandon brandon . lana look at he , then turn and open the door . int - lana' house - live room - night - same 57 lana step in , brandon right behind she . a woman 's groggy voice ( call out ) lana ? lana ? lana ( turn to brandon ) look - go on home , alright ? lana 's mom lana ! lana ( sigh ) God , I hate my life . lana 's Mom , linda guitierrez , 38 , attractive & wear be sprawle on the couch in a drunken haze . a musical 's on tv . brandon turn it off . brandon ( joke ) I hate you life too ! lana do not look at my stupid house . brandon I be not look at you house . I be look at you . lana what be I think ? Mom try to stand up . lana help she . lana Mom , forget it ... do you eat ? brandon help lana bring she mom down the hall . they disappear into the bedroom . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 3t . 58 int - lana' bedroom ~- night - moment later 58 lana 's on the bed , near sleep . brandon walk in with a glass . he set it along with some aspirin and a ring on the table . brandon drink this . you 'il feel better in the morning . lana drink it . it 's horrible . brandon see a stuff cow , cow calendar , cow mug , cow pillow and cow sheet . lana yeah , I get something for cow . brandon go to turn on the radio-- also a cow . lana say " no ! " turn away . brandon sit back and watch she , not sure what to say . brandon I know a song about cow . my dad teach it to I . lana you 's be not gonna sing it for I , be you ? brandon no . I can not sing to save my life . lana well , I neither . brandon move closer . brandon what be you talk about ? you sing great tonight ! lana that be not I . it be karaoke . brandon so ? it be still great . I sure could not do it . a lot of people I know could not . brandon remove she shoe . lana yawn and watch he . lana Boy , you do not waste any time . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 58 59 60 61 38 . continued : brandon man , you be the crankiest girl I ever meet ! lana I know . I can not help it though ... she close she eye . he go to the door . she open then . lana you do not know any song about cow . brandon ( smile at she ) sure I do . brandon watch from the door . lana smile then fall asleep . dream - indeterminate white background drenched skin . brandon wake up soak in sweat . he peel a layer of skin off he face , look at it , then look down at he body - a perfect , pump marky Mark body . he run he hand down he muscley stomach , rest it inside he brief . beside he be the sheath of female skin he have shed . int - candace 's farmhouse - the couch - morning brandon jolt awake , check to see if the boy body be he , but when he look down , he 's a girl , and the sock he wear in he brief have slip . he fix it . he look out the window to see the dreamlike green field and blue sky . he fall back into he fantasy . int - farmhouse kitchen - morning - same candace be fry up a big breakfast . she heat up a baby bottle . her baby sleep in the bassinet . brandon wander in . brandon ( daze ) be it always this nice here in the morning ? candace ( smile ) yeah it be , actually . I make you a little breakfast . and afterwards .-- would you mind run to the store for I ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 58 59 60 61 vee 61 continued : 61 candace remove a checkbook from a drawer . brandon stare . 62 int - kwik stop checkout counter - day 62 brandon busy a box of pampers . pam , the cashier , 18 , cute , ring up a total of $ 10.65 . brandon hold the blank check . pam candace already call over . how much be you write it for ? brandon you mean I can add money ? pam sure , she always add ten buck , will that be enough ? 63 . ext - park ~- day 63 brandon sit on a bench , lot of grocery beside he . he 's get a Bud . he 's smoking , look for Falls City on a nebraska map . he pull out a pen and scribbles on a napkin - surgery - " money I need - $ 43,000 , money I have - $ 6 . " he look up : slow mo : kid run through sprinkler in the sun . they voice drift on air . they young parent hang out . a teenage guy kiss he girlfriend . teenage boy , beautiful , in cowboy boot , come walk in through the glaring sun . teen boy hey , dude . you get a light ? brandon ( come to ) hey , keep an . brandon hand he the book . the boy walk off into the sun 's haze - black cowboy silhouettes stride into a glaring sun . 64 int - candace's farmhouse - tiny spare bedroom - day 64 candace open brandon 's duffle , read a letter . brandon ( v.0 . ) " dear Heather , I be listen to that song we both love by Al Green L - o-v-e , and my heart be fill with pain . please forgive I , I want you to find out how good I could treat you before you find out . '' the door open . candace stuff the letter in the bag . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 40 . 65 int - candace's farmhouse - kitchen - day 65 candace come in . brandon 's unpack stuff . candace ( nervous ) God , you be look a lot better . brandon ( in a great mood ) I be feel better . candace I make you a little place in there . brandon see he bag have be move . he look candace over , try to see what she know . she stare into he eye . candace brandon , I have be think , I do not know what happen to you back in lincoln , but maybe you do not have to go back . he try to contain he excitement . 66 int ~- candace's farmhouse - bathroom - day - later 66 wrapped in a towel from he shower , brandon avoid the full - length mirror as he dry off . he strap he breast down , and insert a tampon . he be about to toss the wrapper in the garbage , but stick it in the heating vent , instead . brandon pack he dildo , slip he brief on , adjust he bulge and snap the elastic band on he brief . 67 int - candace's farmhouse - bathroom - day 67 moment later . a razor come across shave cream , nick skin . blood appear . brandon 's shave . he wipe it off , resume shave . 68 int - candace's farmhouse - bathroom - day 68 moment later . brandon slap on some cologne , check he reflection , then practice various guy pose . brandon ( under he breath ) I be a asshole . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 41 . 69 int - lana' live room - day 69 Mom , John and Ray play card and drink whiskey . John 's daughter , April , 4 , play too . april how come aunt lana 's asleep ? mom you aunt lana be a nice girl , but she be lazy as the day be long . do not you be like that , ok ? April look at she , confuse . jobn April , when someone ask you a question , answer they . abba come on . Mom throw she card down , crank the stereo to max . mom I love this song . lana ( yell 0.s. ) Jesus , turn down the goddamn music . I be try to sleep . Mom pull the guy up and they dance . lana appear in the doorway ~-- piss ! the drunken trio stumble into she . Mom pull lana in between she and John . mom c'mon , honey . loosen up . trapped , lana struggle to get away . lana let I go ! mom lana , honey we be just have fun . lana ( break free ) let I go ! you motherfucker . ( to John and Ray ) ooh , why have they ever let you fuck -head outta jail . all look at she like " ooh ! what 's wrong with she ? '' script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 42 . 70 % xint - lana 's bedroom ~ day 70 lana run in , look for something to break . pick up a cow . put it down . catch sight of herself in the mirror , grab some flesh off she tiny stomach and squeeze hard . she slug herself in the thigh . 71 ext - dana' driveway / porch - day 71 candace & brandon walk up . he look nice . she 's proud . candace uh oh . brandon what ? candace blowout . John , drink a beer , sit on the porch with April . candace ( the John ) what happen ? JOHN ogrin ) I be in the doghouse again . ( to brandon ) know what I mean ? brandon man , I have be there all my life . JOHN woman . brandon nod , " yup . " candace roll she eye and head in . kate ( to candace ) gonna go and do a little damage control ? candace ( nodd ) and then you be gonna fuck it up all over again . JOHN ( pick up April ) she 's gomna be different , right ? she 's daddy 's little girl . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 43 . 71 continued : 71 brandon ( bend down to she ) hi , I be brandon . april I be April . brandon April . how have you get such a pretty name ? april ( proudly ) my daddy ! JOHN it 's true . TI name she . John put April down . April crawl up the stair . JOHN where 's be you go ? april see grandma . brandon help she into the house , turn to John who look proud . brandon be she , um , lana 's ? JOHN {taken aback ) lana 's ? no ! I have April with another girl .. but this here 's my real family , even if it be not my real home . I mean - lana . ( he look away ) it 's kinda hard to explain . they sit . John take out he wallet and remove a small envelope . he look at it , notice brandon be look too . JOHN I get another 12 of this at home , just like it , keep it in a secret place . she write to I . when I be in lockup . + brandon lana ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 44 . 71 continued : ( 2 ) 7 JOHN even my mom do not write to I . but she do . 72 int ~ lana' house - live room - day 72 Mom pour herself a cocktail and dance with April . catch herself in the mirror , she pause to size herself up . John and brandon watch from the door . Mom sense and whirl around . mom ( flirtatious ) John ! you catch I . and who 's this handsome stranger ? 73 int - lana 's bedroom - day 73 Music . nake female torso . Hand grab skinny flesh . lana ( 0.s. ) I have to kill myself right now . stop look at my stomach ! lana , in panty , look in the mirror . candace {not look up ) I be not . God I hate it when skinny people think they be fat . lana I be ! you do not know . why do God make fat taste so good ? kate because he hate you . candace look at a diet book . kate play guitar . candace try on lana 's pants , which be too small . candace God , if he hate you and you 's be beautiful , what be he think with I ? I be like he pet monster . kate and lana surround candace compassionately . lana candace , why be you always so down on yourself ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 45 . 73 continued : 73 kate yeah , you just need a body wave or something . c’mon , we will give you a make over . 74 int ~ lana' house - dine room - day - same 74 brandon prepare drink in the kitchen . Mom , John and Ray play card at the table . mom ocall out to brandon ) save candace 's life ? what happen ? brandon ( 0.s. ) that 's not true at all , I just step in . JOHN take some credit , hero . brandon laid he up . brandon come in with the drink . brandon no , I do not . I spend more time on the floor than anything else . JOHN yeah , but you keep get back up . mom that 's so brave of you , she smile at he . brandon smile and come closer . brandon it 's just my dad say if a girl be in trouble , you gotta help she out . mom brandon honey , where would you say you folk be from ? brandon well , I grow up in lincoln . my dad 's out in Memphis right now and my mom 's in Hollywood . mom Hollywood ! ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 46. 74 continued : 74 715 brandon yeah , well , my sister 's a model , and since my mom kinda handle she career . mom ( take a drink ) that 's glamorous ! ray hey brandon - be not you gonna empty this ashtray ? just kiddin’ man ! JOHN ( to April ) go see what aunt lana 's do . mom ( lean into brandon ) brandon come here , no over here . closer where I can see you . let I look at you in the light . brandon hesitantly step into the light . Mom pull he closer , turn he head this way and that . mom I can believe you get a model for a sister . you be like a little moviestar yourself . Mom let he go . he 's kinda proud . int - lana 's bedroom - day 715 Girls in front of the mirror , inspect themselves . candace look what happen when I turn sideway . I just look like a giant nose . April run in , jump on the bed . april aunt lana ! lana where have you come from . they makin 's you nut too ? april brandon and daddy say to come and spy on you . I like brandon . ( cont inued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 47 . 7s continued : we ) lana look at candace . candace , ( apologetically ) oh , I bring he over , hope that 's ok . lana ( act nonchalant ) what 's up ? be you guy like dating or something ? candace nblush and hopeful ) well , I ask he to stay ...so ... lana look in the mirror , brushes she hair . kate watch . candace but he 's the best kisser . lana you kiss he ? when do you kiss he ? candace well - he be asleep . he smell so nice ! kate God , candace ! candace he and he fiancée , this girl Heather - be plan this amazing trip to Memphis , then she go and marry some other guy ... 76 int - lana 's dine room - day 76 brandon well before Memphis , the Grand Canyon , my dad say you be not see nothing till you laid eye on that sky . JOHN Hell , I be down to California . ray that do not count , you be steal car . candace lead the girl into the dining room . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 48. 76 continued : 76 candace I would go with brandon myself if I do not have a kid . mom oturn to see ) see you get a taker already . candace head for brandon . lana see . John look to lana . she pull out a joint , and wave kate onto the back porch . 77 int - lana' live room - night - a little later 77 John , candace and Ray watch muppet treasure Island with April . Ray offer April a beer . she reach for it , John push he hand away . JOHN what do you think you be do ? here , sweetheart . have some of daddy 's . across the room , Mom and brandon talk and drink . mom ( point to John with she cigarette ) if lana 's dad woulda show she 1/1,000,000 of the concern he show that April , I never woulda kick he out on he ass . ( confidentially ) of course , 4 year ago , you would n'ta think he could take care of himself , let alone that kid . well , 4 year ago , you would n'ta be able to talk to he ... prison . April whisper to John . he say " wait , " lift she up . JOHN up we go . you be gonna be so fuck gorgeous . lana and kate enter . Mom grab lana . mom and this one keep that boy 's spirit alive . lana God mom , would you forget about that . John push April off and jump up . April start cry . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 49 . 77 ° ~= continued : 17 JOHN you little shit head ! I tell you to wait . candace John ! JOHN the little bastard piss on I ! Mom and Co. enter . candace comfort April . JOHN this never woulda happen , if she would a have the right training . ( to April ) you mommy 's a asshole , you know that . candace John ! she have a accident ! it 's ok , sweetie . it 's not you fault . all gather around April . lana lead brandon out . 78 ext - lana 's back porch - garden area - night 78 brandon and lana light cigarettes . lana have fun ? brandon sure . lana do not you think my Mom 's a little weird ? brandon Nah , I like she , she 's funny . lana be you for real ? Mom step out with a Polaroid camera . mom Excuse I do I interrupt something ? lana 's dad give we this . brandon , take a picture of I and my daughter ... ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 50 . 78 continued : 78 lana no ! Mom , I do not wanna take a picture , now . Mom hand brandon the camera and film . mom oqrab lana ) come on honey , just one . brandon take the picture . Mom finish she drink . mom refill time . you just bring it in when you be ready . Mom go in . brandon rip the photo open . brandon it 's not so bad ~- look . lana look at it , frown . brandon blur it . they stare at the picture . sexual tension . brandon point the camera at lana . lana shake she head and move away . brandon ( con not ) why not ? you be beautiful . lana glance inside , see everyone in the live roon . lana down here . she step off the porch into the dark . brandon there will not be enough light down there . he catch up with she on the back lawn . it 's dark . the house seem far away . brandon raise the camera . lana I have a dream about you last night . brandon put the camera aside . he look touch and surprised . brandon you do ? what happen ? {continued} script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 52 . 80 continued : 80 candace ( to the girl ) what be you lookin’ at ? girl Wall people . JOHN ( yell ) | what the fuck do you just say ? girl Wall people . JOHN let I outta this car . lana relax , John . ray eat I you fudgepacker ! girl accelerate . the sport car fly forward . JOHN do not tell I what to do ! ( to brandon ) go after they . brandon look reluctantly at he passenger . JOHN what be you a pussy ? ( lean right up to brandon 's ear ) go faster ...! ya cocksucker . brandon floor it . Cars be neck and neck . John grin . girl scream at lana . lana scream back " totally , " no idea what they 's be say . JOHN , ray , lana , kate , candace go , motherfucker , go ! brandon pull ahead . they win . the other car turn the corner . siren . brandon see a deputy 's car . he slow . JOHN ( sexily ) do not stop . go faster . John lean over he and grab the wheel . deputy 's car mount . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 53 . 80 continued : ( 2 ) JOHN turn at the track , get on the blacktop , then open it up - brandon hesitates . lana watch brandon . John urge he on . brandon gun it again . John focus on something ahead . brandon floor it - 65 , 70 . they hit the blacktop and fly . JOHN when you hit the gravel , drop to 40 . deputy mount . they hit the gravel . a crunch sound . brandon cut to 40 . they be envelop in a cloud of dust . they float suspend and timeless . look at one another like '' do we die ? " no sign of the deputy . brandon I can not see . John grab the wheel and guide it . they float on . JOHN that 's ok , neither can he . you be fly . John close he eye , in ecstasy . brandon halt the car . 81 ext - candace's car - side of road ~- night - later brandon 's fake lincoln id light up by a flashlight . they 's be against the car with they hand up . brandon 's shaking . dave , a young deputy sheriff , shine he light on John and pat he down . JOHN get offa I Dave , I be not drive . dave ( aggressive ) you be go awful fast back there , Mr. brayman . mind tell I what you be do in Falls City ? brandon just visit , officer , Sir . dave yeah , where be you stay ? all look at candace . she get scared , can not speak . lana he 's stay with I . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library s4. 81 continued : 81 Dave hand brandon he id and lana a form to sign . dave I can not run a check on this son , cuz we computer be down . I could run you ail in right now . brandon ncontrol panic ) I be sorry officer . look , you could let this guy go , they have nothing to do with it . I get carry away back there . we be not get nothing like this in lincoln . Dave illuminate brandon , see he 's young . dave the dustless highway ? brandon be that what you call it ? dave only one in nebraska , and that 's a 400 foot drop . all look into the night . Dave ease up . dave ( cont 'd ) that be a good run . I be gonna give you a break , and not lock you up , but you be get a ticket . that be residential street back there . you slow down . you read I Mr. brayman ? brandon ( relieved ) absolutely sir . 82 int / ext - candace's car - on side of road - night 82 minute later - brandon hyperventilate . they be inside the park car , ray Fucking awesome , dude . slick id , Charles brayman ? where would you come up with that ? ( cont inued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 55 . 82 continued : candace , ( lean forward quietly ) I let you down . I be sorry . ray ( see brandon be still shake ) do not worry about it man . I go to high school with this loser . all they know how to do be sit around and eat donut . right , John ? hey , let take he down to the tunnel to chase bat . candace yeah , it 's like the tunnel of love . lana take the id . brandon look around , loosen up . lana God candace , get a grip . be this you real birthday ? December 12 , 1971 ? brandon ( loosen up , laugh ) December 12 be right , but it 's 72 . kate that 's next week , let have a party ! candace 21 . you 's be gonna be a man . JOHN do not never pull that shit again . brandon ( still laugh ) what ? JOHN you hear I . I say do not pull that shit again . you get I stop by the fuck cop . brandon but you be the one tell I to race he . JOHN I do not give a shit , I have you in the clear and you fuck up . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 56 . 82 continued : ( 2 ) 82 brandon John - it 's over - do not get upset . JOHN I be not fuck upset . you almost . get we kill . brandon ( incredulous ) " almost get we kill ? " you be the one lead we into that cloud a dust , then close you eye just as we be about to fall down that ravine . all suck in they breath , like " oh god , here we go ... " JOHN get out of my fuck car . ( he push they out ) get out of my goddamn , motherfuck , shiteat car . out motherfucker . out . all of you ! they start out of the car , lana be last to go . JOHN not you . lana fuck you . JOHN not you ! John pull lana back . brandon take a step toward he . see brandon watch , lana slam the door shut . car peel away . kate welcome to the psycho ward . the car stop in the distance . all watch as it slowly back up . lana roll down the window , very upset . lana nyell out ) come on kate , he 's take we to work . kate get in . lana 's eye fix ahead . jchn smile . JOHN ( call out ) you know , Ray set that fire himself . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 57 . 82 continued : ( 3 ) car pull away . brake light disappear in the distance . candace oh man , that 's my car . ray ( muse ) the doctor say he be not get no impulse control . 83 ext factory / int - candace's car - night John pull up . l lana 's stare ahead . JOHN you know I just do not like it when the cop be on I , with that light . lana . John , that 's bullshit , you see I be have a good time tonight and you ruin it , like you always do . JOHN what be you talk about ? I do not ruin anything . John look at lana . she stare at the factory , she eye teary . JOHN what 's wrong ? kate and lana exchange a look in the mirror . kate get out . lana start to get out , too . John start to follow . jorn wait ! be you still mad ? she get out . he climb out through she side , but when he stand up , she give he a warning look , " do not ! " lana no , I just gotta go to work . he watch she walk toward the factory . 84 ext - kwik stop - night Ray , candace & brandon drink and sit on the wall . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 58 . 84 continued : 84 candace you see the way he grab she though ? I have never see he do that before . if he touch she ... ray ( laugh ) yeah ? what be you gonna do ? brandon zone . Ray see and snap he finger . ray ( cont 's D ) hey ... what be you think about ? brandon what would that kid in that car say that make he so nut ? ray ( smile ) Wall people . brandon what 's that ? ray that 's you right now motherfucker . Ray look at the wall they be sit on . brandon jump up , look at Ray the wall , and the kid float past the k-stop . brandon ( smile to himself ) Wall people . 85 ext / int - spinach factory - night ~ later 8s lana on the line , with woman twice she age . kate behind she . lana put on she walkman . her gaze escape out the window . 86 ext - big OPEN empty field - night be star be thick . brandon and Ray sit in the weed . brandon lean back , look at the sky , close he eye . 87 ext - big OPEN empty field - night 8 " a little later - a fire burn . Ray and brandon , kinda drunk , oe pee . brandon stand with he back to Ray . Ray shake he dick off . brandon listen empathetically . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 59 . 87 continued : ray I try the army , but it be just a bunch of pussy . brandon pretend to shake he dick like Ray . they return to the fire . brandon I know what you mean . I be gonna sign up for Desert Storm , but that fuckin ' test , man ... ray right ? what , you need to be some faggot professor to kill a towel head ? Ray look through the flame at brandon . ray so what 's the deal with you , anyway , brandon ? brandon whaddya mean ? Ray lurch drunkenly to he foot to stand close to brandon . he pour lighter fluid on he shirt sleeve and hand . ray you ever do this ? a flame run down Ray 's shirt to he finger . Ray hold he flame hand in front of brandon , peer into he face . the flame burn out . Ray hold brandon 's gaze . brandon Ray , do you set you own family 's house on fire ? Ray pull out a pocket knife and pop the blade . ray what about this ? you ever do this ? brandon stand freeze . beat . Ray push up he shirt sleeve . his arm be cover with scar . slowly , Ray cut he forearm . brandon what the fuck Ray ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 60. 87 continued : ( 2 ) 87 ray some people punch hole in wall , this snap I back into reality - get control a this thing inside I , so I do not lash out at somebody . he pull up he shirt revealing more scar . ray ( cont ’d ) I & John use to do it to ourselves all the time , but I could always go way deeper than hin . nextend the knife ) here , try it . brandon ( laugh uncomfortably ) God , Ray , I be a pussy compare to you . Ray push brandon affectionately , then put the knife away . 88 ext - field outside of spinach factory - night - later 88 cricket . John smoke a cig , lean against the car , look across the field at lana in the window . 89 int - candace's farmhouse - spare bedroom ~ night 89 baby cry . brandon wake up , freak out . he go through he bag grab he summon , see it say November 15 . 90 int - candace's farmhouse - kitchen - night 30 brandon drift in . candace be heating up a bottle , carry she scream kid . brandon {totally out of it ) what day be it ? candace how would I know ? brandon I need to find out ! candace I get a calendar somewhere . ( to kid ) come on now , you be freaking brandon out . it 's ok , that monster 's not there . he 's not gonna get you . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 61. 30 continued : brandon look around . candace turn to the baby . 91 int ~ candace's farmhouse - kitchen - day candace be go . brandon go to she desk , open a drawer , grab she checkbook and pull a blank check from the middle . he turn , set a flower on she kitchen table with a note . " I need to move on for a couple of day . I x11 see you soon . thanks for everything . " he sign " brandon . " he hear whisper " brandon ! brandon ! " he stand . the screen door open . lana enter carry coffee . lana . ( speedy ) I be so sorry , brandon . I just have to see someone nice ... I just get off work . I be have a nervous breakdown . just a minute , I have to pee , okay ? she go into the bathroom . lana ( 0.s. ) I be scared to death candace be gonna catch I . she 's obsessed with get a husband . I be positive you be she new favorite candidate . brandon I can not believe you work last night . you must be exhaust . lana enter , find Polaroid that brandon shot , of she and she mom , of he as a gangster , of he and Heather dress for a prom , of other girl . she grab they . lana I either , I do it all the time , though . you do not have to be sober to weigh spinach . I be crash really hard . but I be serious , brandon . you should watch it with candace . she 's always scheme how to get that evil little baby a dad . brandon yeah , we be eloping , but you can come too . lana ( dreamily ) thanks , I will be the nanny , no more spinach factory . ( she see he bag ) . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 62. 91 continued : 91 lana ( ) hey , you be serious !? you be really leave ? brandon yeah , except candace be not come . I gotta go back to lincoln for . something . lana you gonna see you sister , the model ? brandon ( uncomfortable ) yeah . lana ( hold picture ) whoa ! the amazing Heather who would not go to Memphis with you . ( beat ) she 's pretty , be she gonna be there ? brandon yeah , now that she 's marry , we will be take off any second ... and you , where be you go on you big trip outta here ? her thought fail to form sentence and evaporate . lana ( embarrassed ) I guess it 's not all work out . brandon ( sweet , uncertain ) that 's ok . awkward silence . he move to he bag , near she . brandon thanks for give you address to the cop . lana it be nothing . both lean in and kiss -- tentative ; both back up . brandon grab he bag . brandon I might hitchhike . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 63. 91 continued : ( 2 ) 92 93 lana really ? I have never do that before . brandon I neither . lana this might sound really stupid - but do you think - there 's anywhere I could make money do karaoke ? brandon why not ? people make money do all kind of thing ... you really write letter to he in prison ? lana gimme a break . I be 13 year old . who tell you that ? my mom ? brandon he do . the look at each other . brandon pull she towards he and kiss she . lana pull away , look scared . lana you better go . he leave . she watch he disappear down the street . ext ~ lincoln - brandon' trailer - night brandon creep up the path , see joann , she boyfriend , lonny , tammy and Jake make dinner . joann step out onto the porch , look into the night as if something call she . a moment . joann return to the busy room . brandon sink back into the dark of the highway . ext / int ~ lonny 's trailer - late night brandon knock on the door . lonny answer , shocked . brandon please do not get mad ! lonny be exhaust and impatient . brandon be nervous . thoug} ! lonny open the door , he make no gesture to let brandon in . brandon one night , and I be go . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 64. 93 continued : 93 lonny what time do you have to be in court ? brandon 10 a.m. ( beat ) they be not gonna lock I up be they ? lonny brandon , how the fuck would I know what they be gonna do ! light go on at a nearby trailer . brandon look around embarrassed . brandon okay , calm down ! lonny I be just sick of watch you fuck up . brandon but I be not fuck up . I be tell you it 's good down there . lonny in Falls City ? they hang faggot in place like that , do not you know that ? brandon you never be there . look , it 's nice ! he take out Polaroid - lana in front of the house . brandon see ? be not she beautiful ? lonny wheew , white trash ! brandon ( genuinely annoyed ) lonny , this be my friend . lonny ( look at a shot of John ) you friend look like Ted Bundy . brandon look at the picture of lana , then speak quietly . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 65 . 93 continued : ( 2 ) brandon I be gonna ask she to marry I . lonny before or after you operation ? before or after you tell she you be a girl ? before or after -- brandon shut up ! lonny . this be different . it 's work , I be not gonna fuck up this time .... lonny stare at he , feed up with he talk . lonny I hope they do lock you up tomorrow . 94 int - lincoln - court hearing hall - day brandon sit terrify . name be read . a officer take a kid away . the kid 's mom cry . shatter , the kid play tough . ( in a stern voice ) teena brandon . docket # 72391 . brandon freeze and see the judge down the hall . 's judge ( cont 'd ) teena brandon . docket # 72391 , Grand theft Auto . a hand stamp " failure to appear - warrant for bench arrest , " grab the next sheet . View of the hall . brandon 's go . 95 ext - fall CITY - spinach factory - midnight lana on the fire escape , tense , take the final drag of she cigarette . she 's about to head inside . flash of light . she look around startle . brandon ( 0.s. ) psst. hey .... lana !.... lana look around , not quite believe . brandon ( cont 'd ) I be down here ! lana look down , see brandon sit on a mope . {continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 95 96 97 98 99 100 66 . continued : . 9s lana , brandon ! where would you get that ? brandon Nice hat . ' lana ( pull she hairnet off ) I gotta go . my break 's almost over . brandon come with I . ( laugh ) yeah , right . ext - fall CITY - back road - night ge moped light . they fly through the night landscape . ext - river - night 97 brandon and lana sit , share a soda . brandon pull out the infra-re photo of the spinach factory . eerie and enchant , a cathedral on a toxic alien planet . l lana 's a ghostly figure . lana it look so different when you be outside of it . here , I wanna take a picture of you . she snap a shot of brandon . brandon alter it . int ~ kate truck - travelling - night ge darkness . reveal tonsils , tooth , lip . teens in a car scream in joy , they mouth wide open . scream dissolves into high - pitch singer 's wail in disco song . l lana 's face , then candace , kate , brandon scream . ext - nice fall CITY house / yard - night 9 kate 's truck roar across the lawn , leave deep rut in the grass . they hit a deer family yard art installation . it go fly . ext - side of the road - night 1 all pile out and head to the bush . brandon walk behind , check to see if the girl be watch . he squat down . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 67. 100 continued : lana ( scream and jump up ) I can feel the poison ivy grow in my pussy right now . kate ( jump up ) brandon , where the hell be you ? kate look for brandon . he struggle to - get he pants on . kate ( stumbling across he ) whoops . there you be ! do not worry , cowboy . I do not see anything . candace God , brandon , I do not even know they make boy like you . 101 ext / int - phillip' gas station - morning brandon walk along in a good mood . he come upon the station . he see a sign " man want . '' he stop , square he shoulder and enter . under a car , leg stick out . spark fly . phillip {under the car ) Son of a bitch . phillip , owner , 45 , weathered cowboy , slide out . brandon hey there , you need a mechanic ? Phillips look he over , nod to the pump outside . phillip ( point to the pump ) well , a gas pump for now . 102 ext - back road - night moped fly again . 103 ext - river - night moonlight flash on the water . brandon and lana kiss . lana you be so pretty . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 68. 103 continued : 10 luminous skin . brandon trace a line down lana 's body from neckline to she jeans . lana pull brandon 's shirt from he jeans , but he stop she and run he hand across she stomach . she close she eye . lana ( cont 'd ) I feel like I be in a trance . they make out . body part , roll around . he kiss down she body until he get to she jeans . he look up . brandon be I go too fast ? he go down on she . lana be amaze - - a new experience . she come . 104 int - lana 's bedroom - night 10 Hand unbutton jeans , pull they down . lana in bra and underwear . clothes scattered everywhere . Girls do bong hit . lana I can not wear this . they make I look fat . kate quit change the subject . I save you ass at work , now you gotta tell we . candace ( archly ) yeah , I bet brandon do not think you be fat . lana well , nobody look fat when they 's be lie down . candace ( shriek ) I know it . I fuck know it . lana ( lose in reverie at the mirror ) we just drive around take picture . 105 ext - river - night 1 when she hand near he chest , he push they away . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 69 . 105 continued : kate ( 0.s. ) oh , right . lana ( 0.s. ) then we go down by the river . he make sure she 's ok - play with she hair , stroke she , talk to she . lana reach to unbutton he jeans . 106 int - lana 's room - night kate and candace watch lana raptly at the mirror . lana jump on the bed between they , fling herself back and forth , grab a pillow , then lie back , cover she face with the pillow . lana I can not talk about it . it 's too intense . kate and candace look at each other , die . kate pass the bong . candace c'mon , lana , please . I can not take it . slowly , lana move she hand away from she face . 107 ext - river - night brandon push she hand away from he jeans , undoe they himself , and slip himself inside she . lana 's eye move up to the tree , then close . lana open she eye , look down he body and see inside the top of he shirt -- the edge of he Ace bandage . she squint harder . see a hint of he cleavage , she push he off and roll away . lana sit breathe hard , squeezing she eye shut . brandon 's confusion turn toward fear . he zip up he pants , move by she , kiss she hand cautiously and stroke she neck gently . brandon you okay ? lana yeah , I mean no , I mean , I be fine . whew ! brandon you be so beautiful , lana . lana watch he . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 108 int - lana 's bedroom - night 101 the girl be still on the bed . lana and then we take off we clothes and go swim . 109 ext - river - night 10 : brandon watch , sweat , nervous . lana look down at the bulge in he pants , up at he face , to the razor burn on he neck . she touch it , close she eye , and pull he down for a kiss . lana it 's okay , brandon . do not be scared . 110 int - lana 's bedroom - night - same 11 kate and candace stare at she . obvious desire . candace but do you do it ? lana what do you think ? lana jump from the bed , shaking she hand to shake it off . lana ish ! stop look at I ! this be gross I out . lana cover herself . pause ; she catch sight of herself in the mirror . lana ( cont 'd ) we have to go on a diet or something .-. candace - do you hate I ? candace ( beat ) yeah , but that 's ok , love 's like that , I shoulda know it be not mean to be . 111 int - phillip' gas station - day 11 Auto body part sign . brandon be on a skateboard under a car . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 71 . 111 continued : phillip ( 0.s. ) it 's no use , brandon . get out from under there . brandon Sir , it really be no use , but if you will just let I try one thing with this hose . brandon yank on a pipe . it break . he hold it for a second , scared , shove it under he towel , then slide out . 112 ext ~ phillip' gas station - day brandon , point to " brandon " stitched on he shirt , slick he hair back and hold a car magazine . he 's all boy . lana frame he in the viewfinder . lana you just like the uniform , do not you ? brandon it 's nice . lana and you do not know a damn thing about car . lana shoot the Polaroid and kiss he . 113 int - lana 's house - live room - night a birthday cake with 21 candle . brandon , lana , candace , kate and Mom sit around . gambling channel on . brandon take a deep breath and blow out the candle , pleased to have do it . lana what do you wish for ? mom I know what he wish for ! lana ( roll she eye ) God , Mom ! do not be so gross . candace and mom give brandon present , T-shirt , cat key-chain a 18 wheeler truck on it . he 's elate . kate look up . kate sorry , I forget mine . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 72 . 113 continued : 11 lana give kate a look . lana ( whisper to brandon ) I have not wrap mine yet . Mom take a drag , point cig at lana , mom ( whisper to kate ) I can not remember the last time I see she this happy . lana 's dad use to look at I just like that . you know I be that young once . kate what be you talk about Mrs. tisdael , you be still young . guy look at you all the time . lana ( have enough of this ) I will be right back . os lana go to she room . Mom pour another round and turn to the tv where the horse break from the gate . mom brandon honey , we get some money on that horse . brandon nod . the door open . John and Ray enter . mom ( mock scolding and girlish ) well , my God honey . now johnny lotter , I know you mother and I know she teach you to knock . we coulda be lay here naked for all you know . John survey the room -- see " happy birthday brandon " on the wall , cake , gift . mom ( pat the couch next to she ) John . honey . get yourself a beer . it 's brandon 's birthday . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 73 . 113 continued : ( 2 ) brandon ( nervous ) come on in you guy . Mom turn to the tv . Mom 's horse lag behind . mom my horse be come in , we be all gonna be rich , go ya lazy mother fucker , go . John head for lana 's room . brandon be about to get up . Ray clasp he hard on the shoulder . ray you better take it easy cowboy . 114 int - lana' room - night lana 's fix she hair . door fly open . John enter . JOHN hey gorgeous . lana well , walk right in , why do not you ? can not you see , I be busy fix my hair . JOHN you hair be beautiful , you know how much I love you hair . John reach for she hair . she flick he hand away . lana ( exasperate ) John , do not start . what do you want ? JOHN I get you this , up in omaha . he take out a beautiful shot -glass . lana take it . lana cool . JOHN I and Ray be up there for a few day . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 74 . 114 continued : 11. lana ( smile ) stealin 's car ? JOHN yeah . I come by the factory before we leave , but you be not there . lana so ? John see Polaroid on the dresser . he pick some up . lana grab they . John pull they back . lana finish wrapping brandon 's gift - a small leather book with " Diary " on the cover . JOHN now do not get upset . I just wanna talk to you . lana John , about what ? JOHN {uncomfortable ) it 's about brandon . I be just look out for you . lana what be you talk about ? he 's you friend too . JOHN lana , I miss you . John go to hug she . lana break free . lana God , would you stop it ! you be give I the creep ! you be like a stalker . John , shocked and hurt , stare at she . lana {tenderly / motherly ) John , I be sorry . I just need some privacy right now . JOHN you know I just want to protect you . {continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 114 continued : Mom come 78 . ( 2 ) lana {touches he face ) I know . JOHN so what do you see in he ? I mean he 's nice and everything , but he 's kind of a wus . lana ( laugh ironically ) I know he 's no big he - man like you , but there 's something about he ... JOHN } {high girl voice , bat he eyelash ) " there 's something about he ... " mlaugh again and push he shoulder ) stop it ! do not make fun of I . JOHN ( sweet ) lana , honey , be you fuck he ? lana goddamn you , John ! it 's none of you fuck business . JOHN ( smile ) you be , then . do not lie to I , lana . do not even try . in , drink in hand . mom ( typical disregard for privacy ) oh , excuse I , do I interrupt something ? ( to lana ) be you ok honey ? lana give John a warning look , then leave . mom {to John ) come on , John , let enjoy the party . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 76 . 115 int - lana 's live room - night 115 lana return . they stare . John and Mom appear behind she . lana ( sweet , but control ) what 's up ? beer out ? lana put on some music . John sit next to brandon . JOHN how 's it go super fly ? take care a you bitch ? brandon it 's ok , John . want a beer ? John take the beer , drink . kate just stare at he . kate God John , should not you be in a bar somewhere ? JOHN lana , give brandon he gift . we wanna see . John pour a whiskey and drink . lana and Ray watch . ray John , come on , let get outta here . JOHN no , we be celebrate brandon 's birthday . ( rub brandon 's head ) 21 - make you a man . John drink more and watch as kate and lana dance . JOHN ( cont ' D ) beautiful , be not she ? I know she since she be this high . ( hold he hand 2 foot high ) man , I could tell you thing about she ... anyway , she tell I all about you guy ..- and I can not think of a better guy to give lana to than you . happy birthday . brandon ( uncertain ) thanks , John . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 77 . 115 continued : JOHN ( very close , whisper ) one thing you gotta keep in mind , though , little buddy . this be ny house . Ray push John hard . " come on . " John get up . he and Ray stumble to the door , past lana and kate . everyone watch . kate turn off the stereo . the party be over . kate look at candace . candace nod . candace I guess we should be go , too huh ? candace look at brandon . brandon look at candace , then at lana . lana he 's stay here tonight . 116 int - lana' bedroom ~ night brandon and lana on the bed . mwe run he hand on she stomach . lana so , John do not say anything weird about I ? brandon what could he say that be weird ? lana hesitates , look brandon over , and whisper into he ear . lana I never tell anyone this . not even kate . brandon ( laugh ) a flashlight ? lana ( smile ) do not laugh ! it 's true . ( flirt ) I would not let he use anything else ... brandon wait , what would he do with it ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 78. 116 continued : lana ( nervous ) I would just wake up in the middle of the night and he would be under the cover shine it on my body . ( dreamy ) once he want to hit I so bad . he hit the wall instead -- break he hand . she go to touch he . he gently push she hand aside , kiss she . lana sometimes , I wish he would hate I . brandon ( kissing she ) how he could ever get over you ? lana ( stare at brandon a moment ) do you think I be crazy , cuz I let he do that ? brandon shake he head " no . " lana not even a little ? brandon kiss she . then smile . lana ( cont 'd ) I tell you not to laugh . brandon but a flashlight ? lana nbegin to laugh ) stop , I be still freak out . to this day , I see flashlight , and I wanna run and hide . brandon go through he bag , have something behind he back . he kiss she , push she on the bed , go under the cover , position a flashlight close to she , turn it on , then run it up she body . lana ( shriek happily ) ooh brandon , what be you do ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 79 . 116 continued : ( 2 ) brandon ok , I be John . you just wake up . now what ? lana ( turn on ) brandon ! brandon ( deep voice ) shut up baby . do what I say or there 's gonna be trouble . I get my flashlight with I tonight . lana laugh and pull brandon towards she . they kiss . 117 int - lana 's kitchen - next morning brandon fries up breakfast . Mom enter in she robe . mom be I dream ? I think I smell coffee . my god , I do not think anyone 's make I breakfast in 20 year . brandon not since you be nine ? mom ( give brandon a kiss ) do not even start with I . she pull away , look at he . mom ( cont 'd ) what 's you mom think , let a kid like you go roam around ? I do not know what I would do without my lana . lana wander in , fully dress and make up . lana hi. brandon ( to lana ) hi. ( pause ) you look nice . lana smile at brandon and Mom . Mom just look at she . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 80 . 117 continued : lana what 's wrong ? mom ( a little upset ) oh , lana , you in trouble again ? Mom hand she a letter from the courthouse . lana open it - it 's for " Charles brayman . " - brandon 's ticket . brandon ( to Mom ) this be not lana 's . it 's mine . I / ’11l take care of it . remember , I be make dinner . ( to lana ) I get youa surprise . he kiss lana , pull she into - 118 int - lana 's room - morning he unveil a cow mailbox . lana push he on the bed . lana ( kissing he , whisper ) and I gotta surprise too . I quit ! brandon quit what ? lana well , I be go to - my evil job ! I have just be think and think . what be I do here ? it just come to I . I x11 go to Memphis with you ! brandon Memphis ? lana ( so excited she can barely talk ) I get it all figure ovt . you be right , I will make money sing karaoke . brandon lana .. ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 1 82 . 118 continued : ( 2 ) 118 lana nsee brandon be clueless ) you be so fuck cute !-~ I can not stand it . kiss some more . 119 ext - fall CITY STREET / front of the courthouse - day 119 brandon walk with grocery . he stop , take out the ticket , be about to crumple it up . then he look at the bright street , the glisten step , all very welcoming . he head in . 120 int - kwik stop checkout - day 120 candace march up to Pam who 's read she comic . candace what the hell be this ? Pam look - a hounce check from candace for $ 75 . / '' candace ' who write this ? Pam look at the signature , confuse . then she remember . pam that kid who 's stay with you . 121 int - sheriff' dept . - day 121 clerk input stuff on a computer - " nebraska dept. of motor vehicle . " it flash : " search : brayman . d.o.b. 1971 " --~ the clerk type on . " no Match " - ~- " search aliase ? " clerk press , " yes . " brandon start get antsy and nervous . clerk New system , we finally get it work . something come on the screen . the clerk look to the screen , to brandon , and back to the screen . the clerk nod to a nearby deputy to come over , then press print . brandon you could just mail the receipt if it 's too much of a hassle . clerk something 's just a little weird . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 83 . 121 continued : 12 the deputy look at the screen then at brandon . he grab the printout , circle behind brandon , and show he the page . clerk we put you id though the computer and this be what come up . " teena brandon--d.0.b . 12/12/72 alias Charles brayman , want for bench arrest . " the name " Charles brayman " , '' teena brandon , " be above the same handsome picture of brandon . brandon stare like he 's never see it before . brandon God , this teena chick seem kinda mix up , huh ? 122 int - candace 's farmhouse - spare bedroom - day 12 candace burst in , go to the trash can - find empty cigarette box . she see a piece of paper , grab it - a summon for teena brandon . she study it . something catch she eye . she go back to the heating vent , and pull out — a tampon wrapper . 123 ext - park ~ day 12 lana and kate walk , they arm fill with can of whipped cream . they come to a wooden merry - go-round and sit down . kate where be you gonna get money ? lana oh kate . do not be so practical . everyone in Memphis have money . kate ( look at she amaze ) man , that little guy be one smooth talker . lana it be my idea . really , I think it all up ! lana remove a whipped cream lid , be about to take a hit , look at kate . lana what 's the matter ? you can come with we if you want . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 84 . 123 continued : 123 kate ( roll she eye ) yeah , right . I , you and brandon . lana why not ? lana smile . kate laugh . she and lana take whippet hit . suddenly , candace run up distraught , try to act caln . kate candace be you sick ? why do you look so weird ? candace sit on the merry - go-round , take a hit . lana kate and I be just plan we getaway . kate but what be I gonna do for money in Memphis ? I '1 ] be give biow job in two second . lana be that so bad ? you be give ' en here for free . '' kate ich blow job . why be guy so obsessed with then ? lana its one of the thing I love about brandon . he never make I do that . candace but you guy have ton of sex right ? lana you can not even believe it . candace , we can get you a brandon clone and you can come too . kate and a little tiny brandon clone for candace 's baby . candace not everyone in this town be in love with brandon , you know . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 85. 123 continued : ( 2 ) 123 kate ( just finish a hit , laugh ) God , candace , we be just kid around . lana be not go anywhere . will you let we have a rich fantasy life for once ? kate smile , push the merry - go-round . lana look at she . kate you can come , too . you ’1ll leave the baby with you mom . when we get rich , we will send for he . and we will all take turn take care of he . lana I be serious , kate . candace I be not leave brandon alone with any kid of mine . kate candace , why be you so down on brandon today ? candace why be he suddenly the god of the universe in this town ? four week ago , nobody have ever hear of he , and now we be all he little love slave . if brandon want to do it , then I wanna do it too . oooh brandon . puck ! candace jump off the merry - go-round . it slow to a stop . kate and lana stand up with surprise , concern . kate touch she . angrily , candace shake kate 's hand off , stand a moment . candace ( quietly to lana , plead ) lana , if brandon be a girl , you have totally know it ... right ? silence . lana and kate stare at candace . lana ( laugh in disbelief ) what ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 86 . 123 continued : ( 3 ) 123 pause . lana and kate look at each other , then at candace . flash of brandon 's cleavage from the night of river sex . lana you know , candace , I know you be jealous , but I never know you be sick . ( flash ) you be one fuck - up chick . lana storm off . candace and kate stare at she . kate {to candace ) be you nut ? what be up with you ? kate run after lana . candace be on the verge of tear . 124 int - lana 's live room ~-~ day 124 lana enter . kate follow . Mom watch tv . lana look around . lana where 's brandon ? mom he just call from the courthouse . he do not have enough money for he ticket . so , they be ask he some question . lana what kind of question ? mom ( shrug ) if you wait till my program 's over I 'il drive you down . lana start out the door . kate lana , I x11 go with you . lana no. 125 int - fall CITY jail cell - day 125 genie , 35 , and brandon giggle , watch the simpson . genie turn to see lana . brandon see lana and go to the bar . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 87 . 125 continued : 12 brandon lana . what be you do here ? lana ( quietly demand ) what be you do here - in the girl cell ? brandon this cell be crazy - it 's like - put you wherever they want . Fine with I , I guess , but ... brandon see genie 's turn , but still listen . brandon genie , give we a break man , watch the rest a the show , tell I the end . ( turn back to lana ) this place be nut . I be tell you . we get 3 channel . I hate it . lana what 's go on brandon ? brandon you want the truth do not you ? lana nod . brandon 's voice be like sandpaper . brandon I tell you it be complicated , but it be not so bad . ( groan ) man , my throat 's so dry - you do not have any water do you ? lana stare . brandon I be a hermaphrodite . lana ( angry and frustrated ) what ? brandon its a person who 's get girl and boy part -- brandon be not quite a " he . " brandon be a she . brandon 's real name be teena brandon . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 88. 125 continued : ( 2 ) 125 lana ( very quietly to brandon ) shut up , that 's you business .... see genie be listen , lana motion brandon move closer to she . she lean in closer to he . lana ( cont 'd ) I do not care if you be half monkey , half ape - I be get you outta here . 126 int - sheriff' dept . - waiting room - day 126 lana be talk to Brian , the sheriff 's deputy . lana $ 250 bail ? for a speed ticket ?! brian there 's a lot more to it than that . do you want I to call you Mom ? lana Hell no . kate appear behind lana . lana be shattered and confuse . kate so , what 's up ? lana walk away from kate , toward the door . kate follow . kate it can not be that bad . lana ? lana ( explode ) kate , leave I the fuck alone ! lana exit . 127 int - lana 's bedroom - night 127 Polaroid of lana and Lewis scattered across the bed . lana sit smoking , stare out the window . 128 int - fall CITY ~ jail cell - night 128 brandon write on a small tablet . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 128 continued : brandon ( v.o. ) dear lana ... facing you be not that easy , I wish you could understand . I be not yet comfortable with myself . I will never try to hurt you . you be the first girl who ... 129 int - lana 's bedroom - night a knock on lana 's door . mom lana , honey . wo not you just come out and eat something ? we be have spaghetti . lana just stare into space . Mom pull away . 130 int ~ jail - night - later brandon stop write , think , turn to a new page . brandon ( v.0o . ) dear lana , please try to understand ... he put down he pen and stare put the window . 131 ext - live room - day 89 . 12 '' 12 : 13 '' 13 : lana 's Mom be read . lana float from she room in a robe . mom ( see like a ghost ) lana . lana pour juice , get a cigarette and move toward she room . mom honey , what kind of trouble be brandon in ? lana I do not know what you mean . mom please lana , talk to I . you have not eat in day . look at you , you face be draw , you get bag under you eye . and look at you hair . what 's gonna turn you around , a perm ? lana 's about to jump on the idea , then have a realization . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 90. 131 continued : 131 lana . ( sweet ) maybe that would help . Mom get she checkbook and a pen . lana watch . lana I think they change the name down there , just leave it blank . Mom write in $ 25 and hand she the check . lana kiss she . lana ( cont 'd ) I love you mon . 132 int - kwik stop checkout counter ~ day 132 lana hand the check , write to cash , amount change to $ 250 to Pam . Pam look skeptical . 133 int - sheriff' dept . - hallway - day 133 lana and brandon nervously and quickly walk toward the exit . brandon ( under he breath ) where do you get the money ? lana I have get my way . like you . they escape . 134 int - oasis bar - night 134 candace , bum and alone , sit at the bar drink shot . John and Ray enter . John head for she . Ray follow . JOHN candace , I just speak to lana 's mom . she 's miss . where do she go ? candace I do not know . I swear ! JOHN candace , if you know something , you better tell I right now . candace no , you know what ? I already open my big mouth , and now no one 's talk to I . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 91 . 134 continued : jorn ( sweet ) candace ... what be you talk about ? I be talk to you . candace ( finish she shot ) aargh ... either I be fuck up or something 's totally weird . look , I do not know ... I need more to drink . candace look away . John grab the bottle she 's be drink from , drink from it then hand it to she . JOHN ( sweetly ) you can trust I . I will not say anything . candace drink . kate wander in , ashen . John see she . JOHN where 's lana ? kate I have no idea , but read this . kate hand John a copy of the Falls City newspaper . 135 int - lana' house - night 135 Mom in the usual position . door fly open . John & Co. troupe in . JOHN be she back yet ? mom no. I be worried ! I be glad you 's be here . JOHN do you read the paper today , Mom ? candace John ! you promise ! JOHN be lana you friend or not ? John unfold it . Mom read . they all look over she shoulder . {continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 92 . 135 continued : 135 mom '' teena brandon , pick up on a speed violation , " so brandon get a ticket . - V she look to they . uncomfortable look all around . 136 int - phillips's garage - back seat of a car - night 136 brandon and lana , dress , make out passionately . it 's ‘so hot , everything 's mix up , lip , skin , tooth . lana push she hand under brandon 's shirt . brandon ( kissing she , ease she off ) wait . no. lana yes . brandon , God dammit . I wanna touch you the way you touch I . she pull he closer , kiss he and try to go under again . rt lana ( cont 'd ) i I do not care . I know . I wanna know . she feel the bandage under he shirt . brandon ( still kissing ) wait . no . you do not . lana ( kissing , bite , tenderly ) fuck you , brandon . fuck you . I want you to feel what I feel . brandon what do you know ? lana I do not know , shut up . she go to unbutton he pants . brandon stop she . brandon lana , wait . lana back away and look at he . he touch she . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 93 . 136 continued : 13¢ soon . I promise . okay ? after a moment , lana say ok and kiss he . 137 int - lana' house 13 x John and Co. move through the house like army ant . JOHN he 's get she brainwash , that 's what they do . lana 's room . Mom block the door . John push past . 138 int - lana 's room - night 136 John find brandon 's backpack , turn it upside down . mom get outta lana 's room . leave she stuff alone . JOHN I be not touch she stuff .... if you be any kind of mother , you would n'ta let this happen . I be tell you guy all along you could not trust he . mom you never tell I anything . candace great idea tell he . be ya happy now ? kate ( to candace ) I !? like it 's not kill you that brandon 's in love with some one else . like it be not totally obvious you be totally in love with he . candace ( to kate ) me? like it be not totally obvious you totally in love with lana . kate lana be right , you be one sick bitch . John pull out the sex change pamphlet . he stare . { continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 94 . 138 continued : 138 JOHN ( read the title aloud , slowly ) Cross -dresser and transsexuals the uninvite dilemma . Holy Fucking mother of fuck . Ray , check it out . ray ( look at pix ) Jesus H. Christ ! vag-i-nec-tomy . JOHN ( sounding it out ) geni-to-plasty . this suitcase handle form the shaft and the graft skin mimic the skin of the natural male penis . ( throw the book ) get this sick shit away from I . ray ( pick it up ) they can make a dick ? JOHN a ( angry , scared , breathe hard ) what a relief , right ? you pussy faggot ? John push past Ray . the girl look at the pamphlet . ray do not talk to I about faggot . 139 ext - strange chromakey landscape - night 139 luminous night sky curve away . brandon and lana walk toward lana 's house , faraway and tiny . they vanish over the horizon . 140 ext - down the STREET from lana 's ~- night - later 140 lana just give it two minute . she 's gotta think I be at work . brandon ok , but I will miss you . she kiss he , then turn for the house . 141 int - lana' house live room - moment later - night 141 lana come in on the remain of a party . everyon : look up . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 95 . 141 continued : 14 mon ( beat ) lana , thank god you 's be home . lana whoa ! ( silence ) what I go to work and you guy party without I ? look I do not wanna be anti-social , but I gotta go to bed you guy . lana go inte she bedroom and they peek around . 142 int - lana 's bedroom / hallway - same - night 14 lana enter , and see the mess . lana oh my god . Mom ... what the hell 's go on ? Mom come to the door . kate and candace look in . lana ( to candace ) God ! what do you tell they ? ray . we call work and we know you be not there . '' lana ( stare in disbelief ) why be he talk to I ? what be you ~- my dad ? she look around the room , and see they look at she . she come to the door to block they . grab herself in disgust . lana ( cont 'd ) ooh you be gross , you ' be horrible people . get out . mom honey , we be all worried about you ! we be try to save you . lana save I ? well , you get a sick way a show it . mom I be the sick one ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 96 . 142 continued : 14 a sound from the live room . everyone look to the door . 143 int - lana' house - live room - night 14 John usher brandon in , smile , patting he on the head . JOHN look who 's here . lana brandon , turn right around and walk out that door , this be a nut house . Ray step forward , block brandon 's way . lana Mom , brandon have to leave now . Mom ! mom brandon , you stay right there . John look from Mom to brandon and smile . JOHN we just gotta talk about a couple of thing that 's all . ray I do not understand , cause you take a leak with I , and pardon my french Mom , but you shook off you dick . kate and what be that bullshit about pay child support for a kid you can not even visit ? candace ( sad ) there be never any Memphis be there ? JOHN ( mr . sheriff ) the fact be little dude , when it come right down to it you be really nothing but a goddamn liar . right ? ray and you know what we do to liar . brandon look down , unable to face then . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 97 . 143 continued : JOHN we be just fuck with you . we be up all night , drink and shit . you know ? lana John - brandon lana - do not worry - everything 's gonna be alright . JOHN ( almost kindly ) do not be scared . have a beer and tell I about this - in the paper , lana , which you be in teena . Ray hand brandon a beer . John unfold the paper . brandon look at lana , then at the paper . everyone watch . brandon God , it 's we ticket . guess they be pretty hungry for news . huh ? JOHN what I be wonder about be the name ... uh brandon ? uh teena ? brandon stare at the paper , unable to look up . pause . brandon ( nervous laugh ) Boy , I really fuck up , I borrow -- steal one a candace 's check , get that ticket , this fake id ... gocl when will I learn to just stay home ? ( not one 's laugh ) ok , ok , just give I a second to explain . I totally see how this might seem weird . I do not want : to lie . TI never want to lie . lana ( quietly ) brandon , just shut up . mom brandon , I invite you into my house and you expose my daughter to you sickness . do ya ever think about lana in all this ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 99 . 143 continued : ( 3 ) JOHN lana , I be take care of it . lana ( scream ) what by ruin my life ? you bastard ! John throw something . JOHN but , he lie to you . " he , " " he " lie to every single one of you . ( to brandon ) I should kill you for lie to lana , you know that ? John force brandon down onto the sofa . lana sit by they . lana ( seductive ) John , honey , there 's not gonna he any kill go on . ( beat ) do you trust I enough to let brandon show I ? then I will tell you ? ok , John ? ok , Mom ? I promise I will tell you . can we just be alone for two second ? Mom nod . lana lead brandon to she bedroom . see mom be upset , John tend to she and let they go , for the moment . lana ( 0.s. ) thanks you guy . 144 int / ext - lana' bedroom - night - moment later lana throw herself on the bed . brandon hang back . lana ( quietly ) fuck I . ( to brandon ) get over here . I be so sorry , brandon . he come over . she kiss he . he start unbuckle he belt . brandon lana , I gotta explain . lana oh. ha. ha. brandon , button you pant up , you be not gonna show I anything . think about it , I know you be a guy . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 100 . 144 continued : 144 brandon ok , but you gotta listen . lana should we just climb out that window right now ? brandon lana , this be serious . that thing in the paper - I be in the middle of a ... lana , I do not want you to hate I . it 's sort of a operation . lana brandon , I could never hate you . operation for what ? brandon I be bear with this weirdness , it 's like a little birth defect . it 's actually not that rare but this doctor be fix it ... I be sorry . lana brandon , you do not have to apologize . I have really weird stuff , too . do not be scared . look how beautiful it be out there . nlook out window ) that 's we . how can we just beam ourselves out there ? brandon ( pace , lose in explanation ) see , I be suppose to be a boy , but I have girl part too . no one know what to do . my mom make a mistake and give I that girl 's name , ( cover he eye ) it be like a accident . they call it a hermaphrodite , which sound like a monster but in real life its normal . brandon see the bed be empty . confused , he look around . lana ( 0.5 . distant ) so ... you be a boy ? he walk to the window , see a dot on the horizon , climb out . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 101 . 145 ext - lana 's house / chromakey landscape - day lé brandon glide over field . the house drop away . brandon yeah ! I mean , I still -- this doctor just have a few more thing and ... he 's face to face with lana in the chromakey field . lana I can not go back there . I do not want they to see I or know anything about I . they be kissing . Endless field landscape with certain Memphis element , like Oz . more time with they . JOHN ( 0.s. , filtering in ) o.k. kid , time 's up . 146 int ~- lana 's live room - moment later ~- night 1 '' they be surround . all stare , like in a fishbowl . brandon ( whisper to lana ) so what be you gonna tell they ? all shuffle , pretend to look away . Mom stare at brandon . lana Mom , I see he in the full - flesh . I see it . he 's a man . Problem do , now let go to bed . mom you son of a bitch , what have you clone to my baby ? I want the truth . what the fuck be you , you motherfucker ! Mom shake he , scream . lana rush up , grab she mom . lana Mom ! Mom ! stop it ! John grab brandon by the neck . lana and mom breathe hard . kate lana , Linda , come on . everybody 's tense . you guy need to sit down for a moment . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 102. 146 continued : 14¢ lana ( manage to look at brandon ) you gonna be ok for a second ? brandon ( terrify ) yeah , just come back . Mom look at John - " it 's you ball game . " kate lead lana and mom away . Ray look to John . John put he arm on brandon . JOHN ( kindly ) all I need be the truth , little buddy . 147 int - lana 's bathroom - night - same 14 John lock the bathroom door . JOHN ( to Ray ) unstrap he belt . Ray grab brandon 's belt . brandon wait . do not touch I . please . its completely weird but I will show you , ok ? let I do it .... can we turn off the light ? John switch off the light . they breath hard . Ray grab brandon 's arm . John undoe he belt . brandon kick he . JOHN I can not believe you be make I do this ! ray ( excited ) let 's see you bush , man . brandon John please , let I the fuck go . Ray slug brandon , dazing he . John depantse he . ray what do you see ? what do you see ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 103 . 147 continued : 1. JOHN if there 's something down there , it 's the tiniest one ever . ray touch it . brandon no. John ... John reach to touch brandon , recoil , then whirl on he . JOHN what the fuck be you ?! lana ( 0.s. ) open this fuck door . brandon ok . alright . let I doit . I will do it . Ray get closer than John , can not do it , then touch brandon . ~ ray do not look like no sexual identity crisis to I . lana ( 0.s. ) open this fuck door ! John open the door , force lana toward brandon 's crotch . JOHN now , look at you little boyfriend . lana will not look . JOHN ( cont 'd ) I be hold he till you look . Ray force lana to look . lana look - then wrestle she hand free and cover she eye . hold on : brandon look at lana . space fill with light . slo mo . the door open out . brandon stand look angelic with pants around he ankle , hold by John and Ray . vo JOHN ( 0.s ) this oughta answer you question , lady . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 104 . 147 continued : ( 2 ) 14 lana ( 0.s ) leave he alone ! JOHN ( 0.s. ) him ? him ?! moma and the girl enter . brandon watch from the hall . mom John , stop this now ! get out of my house ! JOHN Mom ! mom I say get out , go on . JOHN you be all just too fuck up . John smashes something . he and Ray leave . lana look at brandon . he pull he pants up and look away . she go to help he . he back away . brandon please , leave I alone . lana try to touch he again . brandon I say leave I alone ! lana ( grab he ) you promise ... you promise . brandon break free and run out . 148 ext . lana' house - occasional STREET - lamp - night 1a brandon hurry from the house , look around and light a cigarette . he catch something out of the corner of he eye . he freeze . John and Ray be lean against the car , smoking , wait . he bolt back towards lana . a house light come on . John and Ray chase he down . he struggle . John and Ray violently force he into the car . JOHN get in . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 105 . 149 int - JOHN be mom' car - travelling - night rusker du 's Diane , Ray drive . brandon look out the window . brandon where be you take I ? Ray put he arm around branden . srandon push he away . Ray laugh . brandon ( cont 'd ) John , listen please , it 's I . it 's brandon . John stare ahead like he can not hear . brandon ( cont 'd ) what be you gonna do to mar ? 180 ext - spinach factory - night car stop . John get out . JOHN get out of the car . get out of tha car . brandon get out . John look at he . JOHN ( cont 'd ) take off you shirt . you know you bring this on yourself , teena . brandon John , please . I be sorry , I be sorry . JOHN take off you shirt . take off you shirt . now . brandon try take off he shirt , but can not do it . his hand be shaking . he start cry . he lock at John . JOHN ( cont 'd ) you can make this easy or you can get the shit knock out of you . brandon begin again , stop . brandon please -- John slug he . brandon real back , daze . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 149 150 * 106 . 151 int - JOHN be mom' car - backseat 151 moment later . brandon cover he face and groin . JOHN we gotta teach you . move you hand . move you fuck hand . John pin brandon 's hand back , then undoe he own belt . brandon do not hurt I . do not hurt I . we can work this out . slo mo : brandon 's head slam into the backseat . brandon scream , no sound come out . John rape brandon . brandon struggle and scream . John get out and shove Ray in . JOHN go ahead , man . take it . Ray lift brandon up , grab he face , and kiss he . brandon push he off . John push Ray back . brandon try to pull up he jeans , but Ray push he up against the car and rape he . brandon lose himself in the white light of the headlight . reflected in he pupil , the light fill screen . 152 ext - spinach factory ~ night 152 the car 's headlight shine on brandon lie bloody on the ground . Ray help he into the car . 153 int - JOHN be mom' car - travelling - night 153 Ray 's drive . brandon sit between John and Ray . ray now if you keep we little secret , we be gonna stay friend right ?... brandon just take I home ok ? JOHN ( very reasonable ) and if you do not , I 'il have to silence you permanently . right ? brandon ( break ) yeah , of course . this whole thing be my fault . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 154 155 107 . int - ray' house ~ bathroom / live room - dawn be brandon peel off the clothes he be rape in , get in the shower . blood slide down he skin into the drain . JOHN ( 0.s. ) you ok in there little dude ? brandon yeah , I be fine . Quick flash of brandon in the car between John and Ray say : brandon yeah , of course , this whole thing be my fault . CUT back to shower . Water on brandon 's body . he 's cry . he slug himself again and again in the thigh brandon ( intensely to himself ) fuck ! fuck ! fuck fuck ( grab he hair , pull it ) shit ! shower still run , brandon get out shaking with rage and pain . the door be ajar . he peek out . he see John lay on the sofa smoking a joint . he can not see Ray . he move back , against the wall , out of John 's sight and dress quickly . JOHN to ray ( 0.s. ) she 's get ready . right ? brandon ntry to get control ) yep , be right out . he reach back into the shower , and struggle to open the window , he clothes get wetter and wetter . the window pop , he climb up and force himself out . brandon ( like he 's joke ) Ray , relax , man , give I two fuck second . ext - ray 's - window : street - dawn 1 pink / yellow light . brandon fall from the window to the lawn . he run . brandon run and run through the small town street . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 108 . 156 ext - lana' porch - dawn 156 brandon , with no shoe , fall against the door frame , lean against the buzzer . the door open . lana squint into the light . lana oh my god. brandon . brandon collapse into lana 's arm . 157 int - lana' live room - dawn 157 lana lean down , talk . brandon hear car on the highway . lana ( distort ) Mom - - get in here . lana pull she bloody hand to herself , extend it to mom 's skirt hem . Mom shake she head no . mom ( anger , shock ) what be you do here ? brandon see she contempt . his gaze move down she skirt and move to the picture window and tv be out of focus . lana ( 0.s. ) Mom stop it . he 's hurt . mom I do not want it in my house . lana call a ambulance ! now ! now ! 158 int - fall CITY hospital - day 156 corridor light overhead . brandon be roll on a gurney . 159 fall CITY hospital room ~ day - moment later 155 rape sound filter in . brandon sit on the table , he shirt off . nurse so they assault you ? nurse cut brandon 's bloody ace bandage off . he nod . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 109 . 159 continued : L nurse if you do not mind , it 's just necessary for you to take you pants off . brandon just stare at she . nurse please I be not gonna hurt you . she reach for he pants . brandon pull away and cry . brandon how do you know they rape I ? 160 int - fall CITY hospital - moment later - day 1 brandon at a phone talk to he mom . brandon ( tear in he eye ) God , you voice sound so good . intercut with : 161 int - brandon' trailer in lincoln - day 1 joann teena what 's wrong ? where be you ? brandon ( long pause ) Mom , its something really bad ... joann ( frighten ) teena , be you hurt ? brandon Mom , they , they do it to I . I do not cry ... Mom can I come home ? joann teena , go to the police . brandon ( look up frustrated ) the police , be you kid ? joann honey , go to the police . they will help you . they will help you get home . ok ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 110 . 161 continued : 161 brandon ( shake he head ) Mom , can not you come get I , please ? joann please . joann close she eye . 162 int - sheriff' dept . - hall waiting area ~ day 163 kate , lana and Mom fill out they testimony . brian just write everything you know from last night , do not leave anything out . brandon stand , shaky . Brian steady he , take he down the hall . brian ( cont 'd ) easy bud . you ok ? 163 int - sheriff dept . - interview room - day - moment later 16 : a tape recorder 's on . Brian , brandon and sheriff laux . laux be it true you run around with a sock in you underpant try to act like a hoy ? brandon sit there , unable to answer . laux I be ask you this because if this go to court that question be go to come up and I be go to want a answer . ( silence ) alright . let 's back up . after he pull you pants down and see you be a girl . laux pace . brandon stare at the recorder . 164 int - brandon' trailer - day ( past ) 16 . a young teena , age 8 , play air guitar in she mock band the sexpod . joann and she boyfriend at the time watch . laux ( 0.s. ) do he fondle you any ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 111. 164 continued : brandon ( 0.s. ) no . 165 ext - ST . mary catholic church - day ( past ) joann , tammy and teena ( age 5 ) dress in Easter White walk toward the church . teena hesitates , pull away , fidget in she dress , then start to tug at it . she look back as though something call she . joann return , and lead she back . laux ( 0.s. ) do not fondle you any ? huh ? do not that kinda amaze you , after he pull you pants down and be want to take you to bed - and you tell he no that you be a boy and could not do that . 166 int - sheriff' dept . - the interview room - day Brian finally walk out . brandon come back from flashback . laux do not that kinda get you attention somehow that he would not put he hand in you pants and play with you a little bit , huh ? brandon ( weaker ) I do not know what he do . laux I can not believe he pull you pants down and you be a female he do not stick he hand in you , or he finger in you . brandon ( absolute frustration ) well he do not . 167 int - sheriff' dept . ~ hall waiting area - day 7 Mom hand Brian they testimony . brian {to Mom , then lana ) lana , you mom 's right . until this be straighten out , it 's better for everyone if brandon stay someplace else . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 112. 167 continued : 16 lana ( step back ) I do not understand , why can not you just lock they up ? mom lana , she own mom would not get she . we need to go home then we need to talk . I want my house back . we have do everything we can . lana will not budge . Mom turn to Brian . mom ( cont 'd ) I tell brandon " nobody have a right to do that to you . " ( grab lana ) lana , we need to go . now . lana still will not go . mom ( cont 'd ) lana , everything teena ever tell we be lie . everything . everything . lana look to the interview room , then give in . they leave . 168 int - sheriff' dept . ~ the interview room - day 16 ! laux after you have you pants off , how be you position in the backseat ? brandon on my back . laux now you say you 's be 21 and you never have sex before . be that correct ? brandon ( softly ) right . laux when they get a spread of you , where do they try - when they poke you - where have they try first at ? brandon mumble something inaudible . laux where ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 113 . 168 continued : 16 brandon ( very softly ) my vagina . 169 ext - fall CITY town street - day 1 € 170 brandon walk quickly with he duffle , head down . laux ( 0.s. ) why do you run around with guy be that you be a girl yourself , why do you go kissing every girl ..... brandon ( 0.5 . ) what do this have to do with what happen last night ? laux ( 0.s. ) Cause I be try to get to the truth . brandon ( 0.s. ) ( quiet ) I have a sexual identity crisis . laux ( 0.s. ) a what ? brandon ( 0.s. ) a sexual identity crisis . a pickup with two little kid in it pass . they stare at brandon , first out the side window , then the back . brandon ( shake head , whisper ) you know what ? fuck all you mother fucker . ext - candace 's farmhouse porch - day 1 brandon look through the screen door . the tv 's on . he knock softly . no answer . he knock again . finally , candace appear . brandon turn away . candace brandon , I get a kid , I can not have this . you can not come in here . he back up . she move closer , so she can see he . candace ( cont 'd ) oh my god , what do they do to you ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 114 . 170 continued : 17 '' she swing the door open and bring he in . 171 int - lana' house - live room - day lt : shatter , lana sit on the couch , chain -smoke . her mom watch from the kitchen . the phone ring . lana grab it . lana hello ( no answer ) hello ! intercut with : 172 int - candace's farmhouse ~- day 17 : candace ( panicked ) he 's here . I do not know what to do . lana {into the phone ) listen candace . do not panic . candace but I can not help it , I be freakin ' out . lana do not tell anyone he 's there . do not do anything . Mom lean in , mouth '' who 's that ? " lana ( to Mom ) get offa I , it 's kate. ( into phone ) yeah , just come over . Mom put the stereo on . lana watch . lana I will get out as soon as I can . brandon watch candace panicked on the phone . he enter 173 candace's farmhouse ~- bathroom - day - moment later 17 . brandon watch the run shower , but can not get in . 174 candace's farmhouse - bedroom - day - moment later 17 brandon stare at himself in the mirror . from he bag , he pull out he favorite shirt and pants . he put they on , ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 115 . 174 continued : try to put himself back together as a boy . he start to undress . he lay down on the bed and close he eye . 175 int - candace's barn - night - later Music - fugazi : " wait room " . brandon circle in confusion . he burn newspaper . when they run out , he open he bag , grab he napkin of tabulation , '' money I have : $ 6 , money I need : $ 43,000 " , put it in and watch it burn , then a self - help book and sex - change pamphlet . he stand mesmerize by the wall of flame . candace ( quietly ) brandon , you 0.k? candace appear behind he . brandon nod . in the fire , photo burn - from lincoln - Heather , girl from he past , finally a photo of lana . as lana 's photo spark , brandon retrieve it , but it 's badly singe . candace you get a pretty big fire there . brandon cry . candace hold hin . 176 int - ray 's trailer - night - later JOHN that 's a bunch of bull , if I wanna rape somebody , I get Rhonda . mom I be just here to tell you it 's be report , so if you guy do anything or anything happen in that room , you better get it clean up . Ray wash a spot on the floor . Mom see and look to John . JOHN spilt some soda this morning - so , I will be over later , we can play card . chill , Mom gather she stuff and go to the door . mom why do not you give it a few day ? Mom leave . John shove Ray hard against the wall . JOHN you stupid motherfucker . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 176 continued : ray what !? you be paranoid , she come here to warn you . she be not gonna say nothing . John get up , put on he jacket . ray where be you go ? JOHN I gotta see lana . ray forget about she , man ! they do not want you around . JOHN fuck you ! Ray try to stop he . John push he back . JOHN this be not about lana . Ray look at he . John seem unsure . he pull away . phone ring . Ray go for it . jobn intercept hin . JOHN , hello ? yeah , hello sheriff laux . yes sir . 177 int - sheriff' dept . - interview room -— morning 116 . 176 the 177 tape recorder on . Ray watch it , then motion that Brian turn off the recorder . Brian do . ray ok , I will tell you what happen , but not on tape . TI do not have sex with she , keith do . if I tell you the rest will you keep I outta jail ? brian that depend , the investigation be not over yet . ray ( agitate ) well who else do you need to talk to ? ... you be not gonna talk to she again ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 117 . 177 continued : brian Ray you have already implicate yourself . ray ( glance at recorder ) no I have not , I do not tell you anything . 178 int - sheriff' dept . - hallway - morning Ray walk swiftly down the hall . John , look like he 's fall apart , rise . Dave , hold testimonial in he hand , laugh with another deputy , while look at John . dave Linda say they '' butt -fucked " she , I mean " he . " one really weird thing about the guy who do it , since they be kind of do it to a guy , be they , you know , like that ? he flip he wrist and laugh . John do not laugh . Ray start to but stop . John look to Ray and signal he follow . they walk down the hall and whisper . JOHN do you say anything ? ray no , do you ? John study Ray . ray look , they be gonna talk to she again . so we gotta do something . John look at he , unsure . 179 int ~ sheriff' dept . - laux be office - day brian well , Ray 's willing to roll , and we get p.c. to arrest they . I wanna make a dispatch before dark . laux yeah , well you be not gonna arrest they . not yet . I get some more question for teena . Brian go to argue . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 118. 179 continued : 179 laux if you get nothing to do , get I that doctor report , see if there be any serious injury . 180 int - lotter family bedroom / live room - day 180 John drink from a bottle , turn away and lock at a picture , atop the tv , of he and lana as teenager . kate enter . he look at she , then to the picture . kate I remember the night you guy take that . he open a drawer and remove a knife , " lotter " on the sheath . kate what be you gonna do ? he handle the knife nervously , grab two pair of yellow workman 's glove and the car key . he look to kate , upset . kate John , if you do that , that 's the end of it . JOHN ( upset ) I be not go back in the joint . I warn . it do not listen . kate John you fucker , I know you be stupid , but you be not that stupid . he push past . kate watch . John pass he mom , meet Ray , and toss he the key . they get in . Ray drive . 181 ext - candace's farmhouse - day 181 Ray and John appear in the shadow , staggering , drunk . ray ( to John , quiet ) John , man , if anyone else be there , . you be gonna have to take care of * they . they come out of the dark . John have a gun . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 119 . 181 continued : 1 JOHN ( to Ray ) yeah. ( call out ) candy , baby ! candace ( come to the screen ) my baby 's asleep , what do ya want ? candace sit in the dark . Ray peer through a few window , call out " brandon . " John press on the screen . JOHN we wanna hang out with you and brandon . candace I be not see brandon since you see he . Ray return . through the screen door , candace watch they stumble away . she turn and pour herself a drink . 182 int ~ candace's barn - night 1s brandon , appear more feminine , watch the full moon on the horizon , then close he eye . the screen go dark . he turn . in the shadow , as if from a dream , a woman appear . it 's lana . brandon smile and open he eye . lana stand near he . he shut he eye again , slowly reopen they . lana can I come sit by you ? brandon nod . lana sit on the bed . awkward silence . lana do you hate I ? brandon shake he head " no , " take lana 's hand , then let go . lana stare off nervous , then take brandon 's hand , lie next to he and kiss hin . lana you need anything ? brandon shake he head " no , " pull lana closer . 183 int - candace 's barn - night 1 time have pass . brandon and lana lie together . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 120 . 183 continued : 183 lana you be so pretty . embarrass , brandon shake he head " no way . " brandon you be just say that cuz you like I . lana what be you like ? before all this ? be you like I ? like a girl - girl ? brandon yeah , like a long time ago . then I guess I be like a boy-girl , then I be just a jerk . flashback - skate world - brandon and Heather reflect in the discoball that spin over the teens . brandon ( 0.s. ) ( lose in the memory ) it be weird , finally , everything feel right . brandon turn and see lana look at he . brandon what ? pretty crazy huh ? lana yep ... lana lean in and kiss brandon on the lip . he 's stunne . lana that dream I have ... the first night . we be on the highway together . for a instant , brandon recall he dream . lana we can still do it ... brandon ( nervous and fast ) lana - I ...look . I have never be on the highway , or to the Grand Canyon , or anywhere like that . until I come here - I never even be out of lincoln . my sister be not a model ... in Hollywood . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 121 . 183 continued : ( 2 ) 1 brandon ( ) she make phone jack for AT&T . Heather and I be never engage . I never even meet my dad and I never ~ lana kiss he . brandon tentatively kiss she . lana stop . lana I be kinda scared ... you know . I be not sure I be gonna know how to do it . brandon mlaugh , nervous , relieved ) I think you 'il figure it out . lana kiss brandon . they hand interlock . brandon feel the ring . lana smile and slip it off . brandon stop . lana what 's wrong ? brandon ( a beat ) you know I never be with a girl , like that . lana I neither . lana see he 's scared . she smile , touch he , he hesitates . lana . ( softly ) what ? brandon I be afraid you might not like my part . lana ( relieved , nervous ) I think I will . she smile , he smile . the passion between they build . lana 's scared , but she kiss down brandon 's body . brandon let she . 184 a flash of the chromakey highway 1 lana and brandon walk and disappear into the night . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 122 . 185 int - candace's barn - night 185 brandon watch lana sleep . lana awaken . she cover she face . he smile , calmer , now . she smile too . brandon I ...was wonder . would you come home to lincoln with I ? I get a court date , on the 5th actually , well then a few other thing , but then after that , I think thing be gonna be good ... and I know my mom would love you . lana just look at he . brandon it 's ok if you do not want to . lana no , I wanna go with you . brandon we 'il need to go tonight , but candace Said she will drive we . they get up and gather they stuff . distant sound of the highway . he get up . he watch she waik into the night . 186 int - lana' bedroom - night 186 clock read 11:00 p.m . lana 's smoking , pack furiously , try to decide what to take . a knock at the door . mom ( o.s. ) ( through the door ) lana , rikki Lake 's on . lana nanswer to door ) I be lay down , I will be out ina bit . lana finish a note to Mom " I will miss you most of anyone . " Signs , " all my love forever , lana , " then resume pack . brandon , wear the Chicago White Sox jacket , appear at the window , beautiful , he hair no longer slicked back . he have a soft effeminate quality . he slip in . lana smile nervously . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 123 . 186 continued : 18 187 brandon I know I be early , but I get the mope . we can just leave right now . it 's better . okay ? lana okay . brandon do not pack too much . we 'il send for it later . tomorrow morning , we 'il have breakfast in lincoln . lana what do you do to you hair ? brandon I do not know , you like it ? lana I guess so . brandon look at she - a long moment . brandon I can put it back . he take out he comb , go to the mirror , and slick it back like brandon . he stop . it 's awkward . he see she 's look around the room at she thing : the cow radio , a picture of she and she mom . brandon we should go . brandon go to kiss she on the lip . she hesitates . sense she confusion and fear , he kiss she on the cheek . brandon it 's okay lana , you do not have to come with I now . there will be time . just get out , ok . brandon and lana hear voice . lana motion that he wait . she slip out and he go to the door to listen . int - lana' kitchen / hallway - night 1 John 's in the kitchen , wear the glove , fidget with they . Mom see as he hide the gun behind he back . linda John ~- what be you do here ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 124 . 187 continued : 187 JOHN where be they ? in she room ? mom brandon be not here . JOHN where be he ? terrify , lana stand motionless in the hallway . she hear a sound in she bedroom . her eye dart towards she door , then to the kitchen . mom I do not know , but he be not here . JOHN be lana ? John step toward the hall . mom ( scared ) brandon be stay out to candace 's place . John and Mom look at each other . John smile , but Mom look away . lana , in the hall , quickly duck back into 188 int - lana' bedroom - night - same 188 brandon be go . the window be open . lana climb out . 189 ext - lana' house - night - same 189 John walk out the door and onto the porch where Ray have be wait . they walk off . Mom come to the doorway and watch , then close the door and lock it . through the window : we see she turn on the tv , sit down and watch . lana run to arrive ahead of John and Ray at they car . lana ( casual ) what be you guy do ? John look at she , suspiciously . lana wanna go for a drink ? look , I know , I be a jerk , lately . I / x11 buy . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 125 . 189 continued : 1 Ray shake he head " no . " lana look at John . from the dark , a hand touch lana 's shoulder . she turn to see kate . kate lana , come with I . please . lana no ! what 's goin ' on here ? John ? John look from kate to lana . Ray open the door , get in . ray let 's go ! lana grab john. lana I be come with you . kate no lana ! lana get off I ! she push kate back . John look at lana . he smile . JOHN okay , darling . he open the door . she get in . they get in . they drive off . 190 ext - edge of the highway - black and dreamy . 1 Dust like in brandon 's dream . car light illuminate brandon , on he mope , at the entrance ramp . for a moment , there be no car . he ride onto the highway , lose himself in the blackness . he 's all alone . he stop and turn back . 191 int - JOHN be mom' car —- travelling - night 1 lana 's in back . John have the glove on . Ray see a deputy sheriff 's car , slow . lana where 's be you go ? JOHN stay off the main street . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 126 . 191 continued : 191 ray ( sinister ) think they would still recognize she if we chop she head and she hand off ? lana John ! John have a gun . he grab lana by the neck , smile . JOHN we be just take care of a couple a dyke . be you one a they ? lana just stare at hin . JOHN still plan on go to Memphis ? 192 ext - candace's farmhouse - front porch - night 192 brandon lean the mope against the porch . he 's about to take it to the back , when a figure appear on the porch , a handsome cowboy - brandon 's father . he smile at brandon . dad so , be you ready ? he put he hand out to he . brandon take it , then stop . brandon not yet . his dad kiss he forehead , walk right into brandon , then walk off alone disappear into the moonlit silvery field . 193 int - candace's barn - night 193 brandon sit down , and notice something lie on the ground - lana 's ring . he pick it up , smile , then he put it in he pocket . his gaze travel out the window , across the field , to car light on the highway . 194 ext - candace's farmhouse - night 194 John and Ray park . John take the knife from he boot and hand it to Ray . Ray hold the knife under he coat . John hold the gun . lana what 's be we do here ? what be you gonna do something to candace ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 127 . pe 194 continued : 1s lana ( ) she 's get a baby , John ! lana hit he . they get out and move towards the farmhouse . slo mo : lana look to the barn , try to hold they back . they move foot . lana see the mope off to the side . real time . lana John , look at I ! John ! John march on . they make it to the rickety door . lana ( scream ) candace ! candace ! 195 int / ext - candace's barn - night 1s intercut with previous scene . sound return . brandon grow scared , distinguish the sound , turn for the door and walk out . ~ 196 int - candace's farmhouse - live room - night 1s John kick the door in . they enter , and look for a light . JOHN get outta here . John grab lana and push she back . she fall . lana no! ( call out ) brandon , brandon . John , and Ray face the bedroom . brandon appear in the back doorway , look girlish , but strong , calm , assure . brandon ( direct and calm ) do not hurt candace . she 's get nothing to do with this . John . you do not have to do this . for a moment John listen , comprehend . brandon ( gently , almost kindly ) you be right about I John . I just keep get back up . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 128 . 196 continued : 196 197 ray shut up . do not listen to she . brandon look at lana , try to make sense of why she 's there . lana teena , why do not you leave ? brandon smile at she . she look at he . for a moment , it 's as if the two of they be all alone . lana we can still go . John fire at brandon . brandon start to fall , Ray yank he up , pull out a knife and stab he . candace appear at the door . a gun blast , candace fall . John throw the gun . lana run to brandon 's body . Ray grab the gun and raise it to shoot lana . John knock it from he . JOHN come on . lana . lana ! John go to she . lana be in another world . Ray grab John . they go . fade to white lana ( v.0o . ) it 's cold , the light have be shot out . int - candace's farmhouse - dawn light burn through - dawn 197 Light pour in . lana come to , see the dead body , the baby watch . she recall the night and grow terrify . a hand gently touch she hair . she look up and see she mom . mom ( whisper gently ) come on baby . everything 's gonna be ok . lana pull a letter from brandon 's pocket . lana 's mom grab lana 's sweater from the floor and help she up . mom thing be gonna go back to the way they be before . lana open the letter , and read as she mom lead she out . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 197 198 199 200 129 . continued : 19 brandon ( v.0o . ) dear mom , if you 's be wonder where I be , you can quit guess , I be in the Falls City county jail ... reveal the baby look at the body . int - candace's farmhouse - live room - day - hour later 19 candace 's mom pick up the baby . she momentarily register the murder scene , then take he out . brandon ( v.0 . ) I be so tired of run from my problem . track in : brandon in he chicago white sox jacket , a handsome portrait of youth . a flash , the image be still . 19 brandon ( v.0o . ) ( letter continue ) change I be go though in my life will change I forever . reveal , this be a busy crime discovery scene . a police photographer snap photo . emt cover the body , carry it on a stretcher past the overturn lamp , through the kick - in door frame , down the farmhouse step , past a deputy stretch crime scene tape around the house , down to the lawn where a ambulance 's door swing open . emt load the body in . a lincoln newscaster report . newscaster ( speak into mike ) report live from this isolate farmhouse . ( report trail off ) superimpose a nebraska map : Falls City , lincoln - headline : Falls City , lincoln Journal '' trailer park romeo slain . '' int - brandon' trailer in lincoln - day 20 this be a tv cast . joann , tammy and joann 's boyfriend dress in black , watch . a knock at the door . lonny answer it . the door open - it be lana . she and lonny look at each other . she hand lonny brandon 's letter . lonny open it and read . brandon ( v.0 - ) ( letter cont would ) lana wait on the porch , look out across the trailer park . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 130 . 200 continued : 200 brandon ( v.0 . ) ( ) something silver glint in the light . lana see it 's a beautiful silver Air stream trailer just as brandon describe it to she . lana step a bit closer and smile . she look to the highway ... fade to white : beautiful fast guitar solo of minutemen 's : Little man with a gun in his Hand over end titles and epilogue . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library