the power of one written by ROBERT MARK kamen base on the novel by bryce courtenay February 1990 draft for educational purpose only copyright '' 1990 Warner bros . 2 . the power of one what if the power of one become the power of many and the power of many become the power of one ? fade in : 1 ext . south african farm - day ( 1939 ) 1 a white car sit in the yard of the farmhouse . on the door , a decal : " capetown sanitorium . " two man dress in the white uniform of the sanitorium exit the farm - house ; one gently guide a rather frail , troubled woman toward the car ; the other tote she suitcase . the v.o. of a young man narrate : young man ( v.o. ) there come a time in everyone 's life when they discover that the only person you can truly depend on be yourself . that the only real power anyone have to get anything do be the power of one . with any luck you can make it through a lot of year before you ever have to face the reality of that fact . ( beat ) it be a luxury I never have . I discover it the year my mother have she nervous breakdown . one attendant hold the rear door of the car open for the woman . before enter , she turn one last time toward the farmhouse . 2 her Pov 2 a young boy look one part scared , one part sad , and one part lose stare back at she , he hand hold by a large , amiable black woman with tear roll down she round cheek . young man ( v.o. ) I be all of six . 3 . 3 back to scene 3 the woman enter the car . the car drive off down the road . the Boy watch it disappear behind a plume of swirl dust . young man ( v.o. ) my father die before I be bear , and even though I be raise by my Zulu nanny , with my mother , depend on she health , in nominal attendance , it be decide , with she departure , that I , too , would depart ... ( beat ) ... for board school . the dust the Boy have be watch reverse itself . a unseen vehicle come up the road . young man ( v.o. ) but before I could be send out into the world one very serious matter have to be deal with . ( beat ) I be a chronic bedwetter . since my nanny be the one responsible for my well - be , she do what any responsible Zulu mother would do . she call on the great medicine man of she tribe -- inkosi inkosikazi . out of the dust a large black buick roadmaster roar up the road and into the yard , scatter chicken and geese , stop in front of the wide - eye six - year - old and he tremulous nanny . a huge Zulu jump out of the front passenger seat and open the rear door . a moment pass , and then two splay , crack foot descend from the car and settle into the dust . inkosi inkosikazi , 100 year old , small , black , wizen , hair and beard whiter than cotton , a leopard skin drape over he shoulder , a bead fly switch in one hand , a truss chicken in the other , exit the car . CUT to : 4 ext . yard - night 4 a fire burn bright in the black African night . the Boy sit hold the chicken , close by the fire , while inkosi inkosikazi shuffles around he , draw a circle in the dust with a stick . 4 . young man ( v.o. ) legend have it that inkosi inkosikazi be the last son of the great Zulu king , dingaan , who fight both the boer and the british to a standstill nearly 100 year before , and the night inkosi inkosikazi be conceive star fall from the sky until the sun rise . the circle complete , the old man sit down opposite the Boy . from a leather pouch he produce several bone . he throw the bone on the ground and study they for a moment . he begin to wave the fly switch back and forth in front of the Boy 's eye , chant low , softly . the Boy 's eye grow heavy ; he lid droop . 5 dream - ext . waterfall 5 the Boy and the old man be stand above a great waterfall . in the swirl pool far below be ten step stone link one bank to the other . young man ( v.o. ) the medicine man instruct I to jump off the fall and climb along the ten step stone , count as I go until I reach dry land . the Boy jump , cascade down the fall and into the pond below . he clamber up the first rock . it be slippery . he fall off and climb back on , buffete by the spraying water . he make he way stone by stone toward the other side . young man ( v.o. ) even though it be only a dream , I feel as if my struggle to reach dry land be terrifyingly real . the water be like ice , bone - chill , cold , and as I make my way from one stone to the next I could feel my strength desert I . the progress from one step to the next get progressively harder as the Boy keep slip into the swirl water , cough and sputtering . young man ( v.o. ) I be three rock in when I run out of gas . I could not pull myself any further . no matter how hard I 5. try , the current try harder . I feel myself go under for the last time . the Boy 's grip slip off the rock . he start to go under . CUT to : 6 ext . farmyard - dawn 6 the fire have go out . the Boy be still sit in the circle , the chicken still in he lap . his eye snap open . the first thing he see be inkosi inkosikazi sit across from he with a big smile . CUT to : 7 ext . yard - day 7 inkosi inkosikazi enter the buick . the Boy and he smile nanny watch . they Boy still hold the chicken . young man ( v.o. ) inkosi inkosikazi say the spirit of the great Zulu warrior live in I . he tell I that whenever trouble arise I should return to the waterfall and keep step across the rock until the trouble pass . he say three rock be enough to conquer my problem with the night water ; that I be very brave . he say I be a man for all Africa , bound to she by my spirit , bound by my dream . ( beat ) and he let I keep the chicken . the Boy and he nanny watch the car go off in a cloud of dust . CUT to : 8 ext . veldt - day 8 the Boy sit on a train look out the window at the veldt and the wildlife move across in the distance . a sack on he lap move . the chicken 's head pop out . the Boy give he some kernel of corn and scratch behind he scraggly comb . young man ( v.o. ) although I be bound by spirit 6 . and dream to Africa , I be bound by heritage and language to the birthplace of my grandparent -- England -- a country I have never see , but one that be to cause I eminently more problem than bedwetting ever do . CUT to : 9 ext . road to school 9 a motorcar drive along the road to the school . young man ( v.o. ) the school I be send to be attend and staff entirely by afrikaaner , the oldest of the two white tribe of Africa . CUT to : 10 int . school 10 the six - year- old walk timorously through the hall , fill with bigger boy -- brash , noisy , hostile . they only speak the " taal " -- afrikaan . over and over they jostle or verbally deride the six - year-old , knock he book down so that when he bend to pick they up he be kick in the butt . or pull he shirt out from under he jacket and make it hard to move . young man ( v.o. ) I speak only English . the hate tongue . the language of the enemy who have usurped power and steal the country through political chicanery and military brutality . a mob of boy , lead by a big bully , jaapie botha , run the six - year - old through the bathroom and into the shower , fully clothed . he try to run out . jaapie botha grab he and throw he back in , hold he with one ham - fisted hand under the shower head and turn the shower on with the other . the six - year- old stand miserable as the sting water pelt he . young man ( v.o. ) during the boer War of 1896 , 26,000 boer woman and child be herde into detainment camp by the british , where they die like fly from dysentery , 7. malaria and black water fever . and it seem I be destine to shoulder the responsibility for each and every one of that death . the six - year-old in he first soccer game receive the ball . he try to move upfield , but he be kick and push , the ball take from he . he get up gamely to follow the chase , only to be flatten , blindside by jaapie botha . young man ( v.o. ) and no one make this more evident to I than jaapie botha , a wheat farmer 's son from the transvaal . CUT to : 11 int . dormitory 11 the six - year-old , asleep , he chicken perch alertly atop the bed . young man ( v.o. ) the only time I be at peace be when I sleep . inkosi inkosikazi 's chicken prove to be , like he previous owner , a salvation . CUT to : 12 ext . rear of dormitory - day 12 the Boy build a small shelter for the chicken , who cluck and forage contentedly . young man ( v.o. ) during the day he would live outside the dorm , happily scarfing down bug and grub , secure in a little house I build for he . CUT to : 13 int . dorm - night 13 young man ( v.o. ) and at night he would hop through the window and , perching over my bed , squawk if any intruder come near . 8 . several boy sneak up in the dark . the chicken begin to chatter . the six - year- old wake , a shoe in hand ready to throw . the shadow scatter . the Boy give the chicken a few grain of corn and a affectionate scratch behind the ear , and go back to sleep . young man ( v.o. ) he be my best and only friend . CUT to : 14 int . school 14 boy and faculty run through the hall excitedly , show newspaper with picture of Hitler and Chamberlain on the front . poster and slogan with swastikas be slap up on wall . some boy mimic " heiling " to each other . young man ( v.o. ) I be sure in time a status quo would have be achieve between I and my schoolmate be it not for the cataclysmic event occur in that faraway place none of we have ever see . ( beat ) two montjh after I arrive at the school World War ii break out in Europe . Hitler have vow to crush the british Empire . the boer sharpen they sword in anticipation . the six - year- old come back to he bed in the dorm to find a swastika carve into it . CUT to : 15 int . dormitory - night 15 the six - year- old sleep fitfully . there be a muffled squawk . he wake . a blanket be throw over he head . CUT to : 16 int . darkened basement room 16 the Boy be dumped on the floor , the blanket remove . his eye open in horror . the room be light by torch . shadows dance fearfully off two dozen boy with swastika armband and leather pistol rig without pistol strapped to they side . in front of he on a platform jaapie botha stand , he shirtsleeve roll to the shoulder , 9. as another student painfully tattoo-scar he arm with a swastika , use a knife and blue dye . see the six - year - old , jaapie turn he attention to he and address he in afrikaan . jaapie God have send Hitler to deliver we from the English bastard who steal we country and kill we people . Heil Hitler ! the other boy chorus in . all Heil Hitler ! jaapie we will swear a blood oath . when Hitler come we will rise up and kill the verdomde rooinek . all a blood oath ! a blood oath ! jaapie bend down and grab the six - year- old by the shirt front , yanking he up . jaapie with you blood . jaapie slap the Boy across the mouth three time . blood flow from he mouth and nose . jaapie dip he finger in the blood and smear it across he new tattoo . he hold up he bloody finger . jaapie we swear allegiance to Adolf Hitler . Heil Hitler ! all we swear allegiance to Adolf Hitler . Heil Hitler ! jaapie death to all englishmen in South Africa . Heil Hitler ! the chorus repeat . jaapie God bless the fatherland . Heil Hitler ! the voice come back to he stronger . 10 . all Heil Hitler ! jaapie grab the six - year- old again . jaapie see what we have in store for you when Hitler come , rooinek . hoy ! he give a command . the boy at the far end of the room part . the six - year- old 's eye open in terror . 17 he Pov 17 20 foot away inkosi inkosikazi 's chicken , he chicken , be hang from a rafter upside down , haplessly flap against he bond . 18 back to scene 18 boy no ! but before he get two step towards the chicken he be gang - tackle and hold . jaapie pick up a sling and a rock . jaapie for crime commit against the whole boer people . I , jaapie botha , the judge and uberfuhrer , sentence you and you rooinek kaffir chicken to death . Heil hiter .! all Heil Hitler ! jaapie start to swing the sling around and around . the six - year- old struggle to get free . all Heil Hitler ! Heil Hitler ! the sling whistle through the air , faster and faster . boy no ! jaapie release the stone . it fly true , catch the squawking , struggle chicken flush in the chest . the flap stop as blood soak through feather . 11 . jaapie fling he hand forward , victorious . jaapie Heil Hitler ! all Heil Hitler ! the Boy take the opportunity to break loose . he rush jaapie , whose arm be outstretch , put he off balance . the Boy catch he low , drive he head into jaapie 's expose stomach . jaapie fall back and get the knife use for he tattooing right in he ass . jaapie botha bellow like a enraged bull as he grab futiley for the embed blade . his cohort laugh , think it tremendously funny , until jaapie remove the knife and turn with it , drip he own blood , he eye murderous . the laughter die . jaapie 's breath come hard . jaapie hang he up ! a few boy protest . boy jaapie ! no ! but botha be murderous , intent on revenge . jaapie hang he ! he wave the bloody knife in the air . Three boy grab the six - year- old and drag he to where the chicken be hang . two more boy throw a rope over the same rafter . other bind the struggle boy , trussing he hand to he side . jaapie you will pay for the death of we grandfather and grandmother , we aunt and uncle . all rooinek will pay and you will be first . pull ! the boy who tie the rope now yank it over the rafter . the six - year-old be hoist up until he be eye-level with the chicken . jaapie in the name of Adolf Hitler and the fatherland , I sentence you to die , verdomde rooinek . 12 . boy kill he ! kill he ! kill he ! jaapie swing the sling overhead , faster and faster . 19 angle on six - year-old 19 he watch as jaapie bear down . as jaapie be about to let the rock fly the door to the room open and two staff member burst in , surprising in . staff member what 's this ? the rock fly from the sling , but jaapie 's attention be divert . his aim be off . the rock graze the boy above the eye . he lose consciousness . the scene fade to black . fade in : 20 int . ST . john' study - day 20 Prince of Wale School , 1950 . pk , 17 go on 18 , well - build , intense , clear -ey , handsome , stand in front of a seminar and continue read to 10 student , honor student , headmaster St. John 's choose few . St. John , with the demeanor of a Oxford don and a mane of snowy white hair that reach he shoulder , sit off to the side , listen . pk I come to after be unconscious for two day , the rock miss my eye by half a inch . after a week in hospital it be decide I would be send to my grandfather 's house in the English town of barberton , at least until passion at school cool . jaapie botha be expell ; send home to he family 's farm in disgrace . pk ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) and so the first record South African casualty of Hitler 's insanity be not a boer , nor a rooinek , but a tatter - feathered , half - bald kaffir chicken . pk finish . the end of class bell ring . offstage , other classroom be exite into the common hall , but no one in St. John 's study move . St. John take he 13 . glass off and wipe the lense deliberately . after a long moment he turn to face the class . ST . JOHN very evocative , yes . particularly the image of the chicken . good choice there . St. John rise , lecture . ST . JOHN any ideology that need to attack the thing that least threaten it be a ideology that will not outlive its own generation . inclusion , gentleman , not exclusion , be the key to survival . ( beat ) something we new government should take heed of , eh ? his eye roam from face to face , fix he point . ST . JOHN next week we have Mr. levy who will enlighten we on ... morrie , a bright - eye kinetic , speak up . morrie Sport and wager in Imperial Rome , sir . ST . JOHN ( facetious ) very apt , Mr. levy . we look forward to the experience . ( pause ) all right . the boy bolt for the door . ST. JOHN p.k. pk approach . ST. JOHN well - write . pk thank you , sir . ST . JOHN I have receive notice from the 14 . Oxford selection committee . you be to appear before they in three week . I assume you will be read a piece of you fiction as you presentational . pk yes , sir . ST . JOHN a word of caution . contemporary to most of this fellow mean the seventeenth century . try and keep you theme , um , classical , if you know what I mean . pk yes sir . I will . ( beat ) will the scholarship be decide at the same time , sir ? ST . JOHN money 's a different matter . different committee . pk very good , sir . St. John pick up a book and open the page . he begin to read . pk take it as a cue for he dismissal . he go to exit . ST . JOHN and p.k ... pk turn at the door . ST . JOHN good luck tonight . pk thank you , sir . St. John return to he book . pk exit . CUT to : 21 ext . hall 21 morrie wait in the now nearly - empty hall , take some money from another boy and make notation in a black book . pk come up to he . 15 . pk how we do ? morrie consult the book . morrie you win and you dream come true . you lose , we be back to bread and butter sandwich till term 's end . what would he want ? pk my appointement before the Oxford committee come through . morrie a snap . pk for a brain like you , maybe . morrie come on , you will read one of you piece , they will be begging you to attend . pk but will they pay for the privilege ? morrie well let 's bloody hope so . it will be a lonely time without you there . pk morrie levy . be that the voice of sentimentality I hear come from you ? morrie sentimentality my ass . practicality . where be I go to find a sure thing like you to make book on at bloody Oxford ? pk go on . he shove morrie playfully out the door and follow . CUT to : 16 . 22 int . long hallway - closeup - pk and morrie 22 as they walk down the long hall look straight ahead . sweat dapple pk 's face . both boy be focus on double door at the end of the hall . there be the distant muffled sound of a crowd cheering . morrie you hear Sutcliffe screw bartlett 's sister when he stay with they over holiday ? pk I do not believe it . morrie I hear it from bartlett 's own lip . he 's sell reservation for next holiday . a pound for one night ; three pound for four . pk you register ? morrie for both of we . take the whole holiday . the cheering crowd grow louder the closer they get to the double door . morrie you nervous ? pk no. morrie Christ ! I be about to have a calf . this bloody boer get lucky , we be in the poorhouse . they reach the double door . still in closeup , morrie turn to face pk for the first time . morrie now remember . we be not here to exhibit we ware . we go in , we do the job , we get out . right ? pk be so focus he eye seem to bore through the door . he do not move he head a hair . pk right . 17 . morrie and pk draw a deep breath . together they push open the double door . together they stride into a floodlit , fully - pack sport arena and head down the fan-line aisle to the raise box ring in the center . schoolboy in they respective school blazer , afrikaan and English , yell , whistle and clap . pk and morrie , in full frame , reveal pk in a box robe with tape hand , and morrie with towel and bucket . announcer and at the end of six match in all weight division , the score be Prince of Wale three victory , helpmakeer three victory . the stand explode with cheer . announcer and now for the final bout to determine which school will win the johannesburg 1950 public school box team championship . in this corner , weigh 140 pound , stand 5 ' 8 " , from the helpmakeer School with a record of 13 - 0 on the year , jannie geildenhaus . a huge cheer go up for jannie , muscular , bare - chest , as he dance and shadowbox for the crowd . pk enter the ring . he stand , robe on , eye intent on jannie . when the noise subside the announcer continue . announcer and in this corner , represent the Prince of Wale School , the current johannesburg Public School welterweight champion , also with a record of 13 - 0 on the year , also 140 pound , kid p.k . now the English schoolboy cheer for they man , but pk do not respond . he barely move . he raise a arm in bare acknowledgment . his attention stay focus across the ring on he shadowbox opponent . pk watch jannie dance closely when a low chanting begin from outside the stadium -- African , tribal , mystical harmony of black voice building until the white voice inside the stadium be stunne to silence . the song carry beautifully in the night . for the first time pk 's focus be break , but not like the other in the audience , who have not a clue as to what 's happen . he have hear this before . this be familiar . 18 . this be for he . a distant know flicker in he eye like a man who have hear the voice of fate whisper he name . over and over , one phrase be indistinguishable -- the chorus of the song . " Ono bi shobi ingelosi . " the chant stop as suddenly as it begin . a moment pass before the crowd begin to buzz with the phenomenon . the announcer attempt to bring everyone 's attention back to the business at hand . announcer we thank the native population for they spirite display of enthusiasm . but now , on to the main event . fighter to center ring , please . pk , focus again , meet jannie at the referee . referee you both know the rule . no butt , no elbow , no low blow . first man to score three knock downs win . let 's have a good clean fight . good luck to you . the fighter slap leather . pk turn back to he corner when he focus be break dramatically by a face in the crowd . 23 he Pov - front row - half -dozen schoolgirls 23 sit ; one of they maria elizabete marais , 17 , with honey - blonde hair and lapis-blue eye , turn she head and engage pk 's eye and he heart . she quickly look away . but a connection have be make -- fire pass . 24 pk 24 go back to he corner and take off he robe . morrie stand , hold pk 's mouthpiece . pk first row , third from the leave . find out who she be . morrie look down at Maria . morrie we be in a bloody war here , in 19 . case you forget . let 's keep we mind on that , hey ? he jam the mouthpiece into pk 's mouth as the bell ring . pk turn to a onslaught by jannie , a real brawler . jannie 's big , overhand rights almost nail pk until he find he foot and dance away . jannie come after he hard , he schoolmate bellow encouragement . but pk 's far superior box skill put jannie at a imme - iate disadvantage . it be a classic battle of a boxer versus a fighter . pk 's jab keep jannie at a arm 's length , until he close with a combination . jannie , willing to take three punch to land one , absorb pk 's point scoring combination and try to land knockout punch . when he have have enough punishment he lunge into a clinch . jannie blery rooinek . I will kill you . pk push off as jannie hammer at he kidney . back up , pk repay the compliment with two quick jab to the face . pk work jannie , turn he leave then right , work the angle , keep he off balance while he rack up the point . jannie go leave . as pk chase he that way he eye fix on something out of the ring . 25 he Pov - rear exit door - tall black man 25 with a young black companion of more average height , the only black face in a crowd of 2,000 people . 26 back to scene 26 they presence distract pk for a split second , and in that split second jannie seize the opportunity . he come across with a big right hand to pk 's jaw . jannie connect . pk go down hard . the crowd go wild . morrie leap up and down in the corner . morrie get up ! get up ! but pk be see double . he shake he head , try to clear it . morrie up! up ! 27 pk' Pov - jannie 27 dance in he corner , sense victory , the ref over 20 . he , count . 28 back to scene 28 pk force himself up . the ref check he . referee okay . fight . jannie come rush in , bang pk with a series of hard rights , but drop he leave each time he throw one . pk absorb the punishment as best he can , back up , dance away . jannie be all over he just as the bell ring . jannie go back to he corner , triumphant . pk go back to he and sit down with a blank ex - pression . morrie go to work on a small cut over he eye . morrie what be you try to do , bankrupt we ? what happen ? pk turn and look at the two african at the rear door . morrie 's eye follow he , tensing as he see the two man . morrie Christ ! if they get catch in here they be dead . ( beat ) what the hell 's go on ? pk I do not know . morrie well , worry about it later . in case you have not notice , this boer bastard be try to kill you . pk you see the way he drop he leave when he throw the right ? morrie yeah ? the bell ring . pk and morrie trade a look . jannie come rush over and throw a big right . pk step to he own right side and pop jannie right over he drop leave hand . he look at morrie again . 21 . 29 angle on morrie 29 morrie thank you , God . jannie come after pk , pay for each big right he throw as pk find he mark . pk plant one , then two , then three punch on jannie 's face . finally , frus - trate , jannie forsake all pretense of box and try to nail pk with wild , flail blow . pk bob and weave and feint . jannie 's punch grow weary . pk begin to bear down , drive he man back with rapid-fire com - bination until he deliver the coup de grace , a leave hook to the heart and a drive right uppercut . jannie go down in a heap . the crowd go wild . the referee count he out . jannie 's second rush into the ring to lift they fall fighter . morrie also rush in , follow by the Prince of Wale box team . they hoist pk up on they shoulder . 30 pk' Pov - maria marais 30 rise from she seat , and leave with the other girl . they eye meet . her hint of a smile break he heart . she disappear in the crowd . 31 back to scene 31 pk 's eye rise to the rear exit . the tall African and he companion have vanish . CUT to : 32 int . locker room 32 the box team and a number of they supporter be in raucous celebration . morrie come bounce through the crowd , until he enter the empty dress room in the rear , where pk be get dress . morrie take a wad of money out of he pocket . morrie here you go , pal . he hand pk the money . pk you be the treasurer of this company . you hold it . do you find out what I ask for ? morrie 22 . uh , listen , p.k . you know in this world there be no great proponent of sin of the flesh than morrie levy . but do yourself a favor on this one . take my advice . pass. pk thanks for the advice . the information please . morrie do you know who she father be ? Professor Daniel marais . pk so ? morrie so ? he 's the nationalist Party 's resident intellectual . the man be one of the architect of this damned system of -- what be they call it ? -- apartheid ? he have about as much use for a rooinek englishman rutting after he daughter as the Queen do for ball , pardon my french . pk what 's she name and where do I find she ? morrie sigh . morrie Maria elizabete marais , senior Cottage , room 22 , devillier School . they do not call it ' fortress virgin ' for nothing . you will never get in . pk slip he school blazer on . pk you go to take book on that ? morrie already have . Three - to- one say you do not . pk where would you bet ? morrie I take a big position you do . 23 . pk smile at he friend and start to leave . morrie stuff some banknote in he breast pocket . morrie in case you have to bail yourself out . pk box he around playfully and skip out , run the gauntlet of the celebration outside . CUT to : 33 ext . devillier school for girl - night 33 indeed , " fortress virgin . " surrounded by a high stone wall , the school 's gothic tower loom medieval in the African moonlight . a security guard man the front gate . pk take a route through shadow and shrub , search for a way in . he find one in a tree whose massive limb reach over the wall . in a flash pk be up the tree and over the wall . CUT to : 34 ext . school ground 34 pk make he way through the darken campus . a few stu - dent and some staff be about . pk hug the shadow as best he can . pk pass a statue dominate the quad -- a boer family from the last century ; the man look for - ward , he gun brace for action ; the woman and child at he shoulder , brave , resolute . CUT to : 35 ext . senior cottage 35 pk come up to the cottage where a few girl can be see through the window study at lamplit desk or readying for bed . other room be already dark . pk slip inside the building . CUT to : 36 int . build 36 pk move along the hall look for room 22 . he be about to turn a corner when two girl chatter in afrikaan come down a staircase . pk back into a 24 . darken room to he leave . the girl appear in robe with towel and toiletry and step into the same room . one flick on the light to reveal the shower room -- 14 separate cubicle stall . still chatter , the girl disrobe . 37 angle on pk 37 press hard against the inside wall of a stall with a clear view of the proceedings . he hold he breath as one of the girl head towards he stall . her girl - friend caution she . girl that be always cold . use this one . the girl turn away to another stall just in time . the shower start . pk allow himself to breathe again . he exit quickly . CUT to : 38 int . room 38 Maria marais sit at she desk in a nightgown , work on a paper , when there be a knock on the door . with she mind still on she work , she open the door . her eye go wide with shock when she see pk . he put a cautionary finger to he lip . pk May I come in ? Maria , freeze with surprise , step back . pk enter , gently close the door behind he . pk I be sorry to scare you . maria ( nervous ) you can not be here . she speak in afrikaan - accented English . pk I do not know how else to meet you . maria I could be expell . pk 25 . Girls do not usually come to box match . maria we go on a dare . please . pk ignore she anxiety . pk do you like it ? maria it be ... ( beat ) ... exciting . you be very good . pk ( in afrikaan ) thank you . I be glad I impressed you . maria ( surprised ) you speak the taal . pk I will speak Zulu if it will help I see you again . maria I can not . pk why not ? maria I need my father 's permission . pk be it hard to get ? maria hard for a afrikaaner boy . impossible for a English one . pk how about you permission ? do I have that ? Maria blushes . all of a sudden there be a knock on the door . Maria start . pk move quickly behind the door as it open to two girl . 26 . girl # 1 we be have coffee upstairs . want to come ? maria I have to finish this paper . girl # 2 come when you be finish . we will be up late . they close the door . Maria reinforce it with she body . maria please go . pk you do not answer my question . maria there be plenty of English girl . what make I so important ? pk the way I feel when I see you . he be so direct she can only blush deeper . her response be indirect but affirmative . maria my father will insist on meeting you . pk I can not wait . o.s. , the outside door to the dorm open . a matron 's voice call out . matron ( v.o. ) light out , lady . maria now please . pk open she window and start to climb out . pk ( in afrikaan ) good night , Maria marais . maria ( in English ) good night , pk . 27 . pk pause . pk I do not remember tell you my name . maria ( smile ) and I do not remember tell you mine . pk smile back at she . he drop to the ground . Maria close the window and watch he scoot across the campus until he be swallow by the night . CUT to : 39 int . marais house 39 a ample house . pan across a gallery of oil painting depict great moment in boer history -- the great Trek , a endless progression of oxcart head north , the Battle of blood River against the Zulu army , the hang - ing of boer farmer by british regular . woman and child herde into a detention camp as they farm burn in the background . boer kommando sniping at a british column on the veldt . pan from the picture to photograph , sepia-tone , he - torical , and dr . daniel marais and pk , strolling past the picture . marais point to a photo of a young boer , turn of the century , pose stiffly with a rifle in the slouched hat of a boer kommando . marais Jan piet marais . my uncle . at 22 he lead a kommando for three year before you people catch he and hang he . pk my people ? marais the English . pk I consider myself a African , sir . marais as do I . as do the Zulu , the xhosa , the pongo , the ndebele . we be all african . but all from separate tribe , ay ? 28 . pk unfortunately . marais why do you say that ? pk because it 's the whole tribal idea that create we problem here in South Africa . marais the problem of South Africa , my boy , do not come from tribalism . they come from counter- tribalism . from people insist that natural law which have be in place and operate since God 's creation , should be tampere with . do the gazelle sleep with the lion ? do the rhino graze with the mouse ? the separation of thing be not coincidental . do you think a Zulu want to see he culture , he sense of identity , replace by someone else 's anymore than I do ? pk no , sir . but I do not think he want be a Zulu to mean he be deny the same rights as everyone else have . marais which be why civilization be define by the ability to live under the rule of law . law define rights . pk but do they define justice ? marais ah. justice . the banner behind which the English march as they gobble up a quarter of the world ? justice , my boy , be only relative to who 's in charge . pk and how long they stay in charge be only relative to how well they dispense that justice ... ( beat ) ... with all due respect . 29 . marais fix pk with a stare . pk 's eye meet he evenly , unwaver . Maria enter . maria papa , would you like coffee in the library or the parlor ? marais ( pleasant ) the library , mein leib . Maria smile at pk and exit . he lead pk towards the library . marais I can not figure out if you be brave or foolish . pk why be that , sir ? marais you come here to ask for permission to see my daughter . correct ? pk yes , sir . marais and know who I be , what I stand for , do you think this sort of discussion be go to put that request in a favorable light ? pk I think a man of you intellectual reputation would not want he daughter see someone who do not think . marais let I give you some advice then . you be right . I admire a keen mind . but intellectual reputation or not , I be first a marais , a member of the volk . marais ( cont 'd ) and if you be try to impress a member of the volk with you intellect , do not do it espouse liberal idea pick up in a English private school . 30 . pk this idea I pick up somewhere else . marais open the library door . marais ( joke ) no doubt from a expert on race relation . pk actually , sir , from a expert on cactus . CUT to : 40 ext . rock outcropping - day 40 a brilliant African sun beat down on the veldt below . on the rock , a seven - year - old pk sit look somewhat sadly over the landscape . a long shadow cover he . the click of a camera be hear . pk turn , shield he eye with he hand against the glare of the sun to a tall , white - haire figure , shirtless , in hike boot and kneesock , hold a box camera . doc ( figure ) ja. perfect . you will excuse I , please . doc , speak in german - accented English , move off from the sun 's glare down to pk 's level . on he back be a knapsack with a cactus stick out of it . doc this I do not normally without permission do , ja ? but to catch the expression . after all , it be the expression that be important . ja ? without the expression the human be be just a lump of meat . you have some problem , I think . I be Professor Karl von vollensteen . Doc click he heel together and bow he head slightly . pk I be p.k. he hold out he hand . Doc take it . doc such a young person with such a 31 . old expression . I think we can be friend . ja ? eighteen - year-old pk narrate . pk ( v.o. ) that be how I meet Doc , as he insisted I call he . a chance meeting between a directionless seven - year- old boy and a old german professor out collect cacti on the African bush veldt . ( pause ) so begin my education . Doc and pk walk the veldt across craggy mountain trail , down dry river bed , through the jungle , always collect cacti and aloe sample , Doc always talk , always explain . pk ( v.o. ) Doc believe the brain have two function and that the South African public school system unfortunately deal with only one . doc the brain , p.k. , have two function . it be the best reference library ever , which be a good thing to have . ja ? but also from it come original think . in school you will get all fill up with the fact . here you brain will learn where to look , how to look , how to think . and then you will have for yourself all the brain that have ever be . Doc and pk sit high up . pk watch the endless animal migration below while Doc point thing out across the landscape . pk ( v.o. ) Doc know everything . he have a love of learn . but he real passion be center around two thing -- music and cacti . CUT to : 41 ext . doc' house 41 pk and Doc walk up a steep road toward Doc 's house which sit on top of the hill , both carry cacti-filled 32 . pack . pk ( v.o. ) until he be fifty , Doc have a successful career as a concert pianist all over Europe . on he fiftieth birthday he give it all up and move to South Africa . from that point on it be all cactus . CUT to : 42 ext . cactus garden - day 42 behind Doc 's simple , whitewash cottage be a magnif - icent cactus and aloe garden fill with the sample Doc have collect for year . pk and Doc plant another specimen . Doc photograph it . pk record its genus in a notebook . pk ( v.o. ) every specimen Doc find would be carefully photograph and catalogue . CUT to : 43 sunset 43 Doc a pk walk through the cactus garden . doc if God would choose a plant to represent him , I think he would choose of all plant the cactus . this one plant have all the blessing he try but fail to give man . it be true . look . the cactus be humble but not submissive . it grow where no other plant will grow . the sun bake its back , the wind rip it from cliff , or drown it in the dry desert sand . not a complaint . in good time or bad it will still flower . it protect itself from danger . Doc touch a cactus needle . doc but it harm no other plant . it 33 . have patience and solitude and modesty . in Mexico there be a cactus that bloom once in a hundred year and then only at night . that be saintliness of the high order I think . ja ? from cactus come medicine to heal the wound of man and little button if you eat one you can touch the face of God or stare into the mouth of hell . it be the plant of patience , solitude , love , and madness . modesty , beauty . toughness and gentleness . of all the plant I think it be close to God . ja ? pk ( v.o. ) Doc be a hard man to disagree with . so when he decide I must spend as much time with he to remedy the flaw in my educational environment I do not argue . CUT to : 44 int . grandfather' parlor 44 shabbily - genteel , Doc sit in he Sunday best , a cup of tea on he lip , talk in earnest to pk 's pipe - puffing , also shabbily - genteel grandfather as pk look on . pk ( v.o. ) appeal to my grandfather 's stoic belief in the primacy of european culture in all its form , Doc offer to instruct I in piano in return for my help he locate and gather he precious cacti . CUT to : 45 int . doc' cottage 45 Doc and pk practice on a beautiful steinway , so grandly out of place in Doc 's simple abode . pk ( v.o . ) as a student of music I be never more than adequate , something I suspect Doc know from the start . it be the love of music that be most important , he would tell I , and I would believe he . 34 . CUT to : 46 ext . jungle 46 Doc and pk wander through the jungle look for flora . doc everything fit , p.k. nothing be unexplain . nature be one big chain reaction . everything depend on everything else . from the smallest to the biggest . always in life a idea start small like a tree . Doc show pk a small tree with a even smaller vine attach to it . doc this tree can grow so high it can touch the face of the sky . but this little vine can choke it and keep it small . most people be like this vine . afraid of new idea . afraid to let thing grow . Doc rip the vine away from the tree . doc always listen to yourself . follow you own idea . if you be wrong , so what ? you learn something . and with learn you grow stronger . and if you be right at the beginning ? a even bigger bonus . CUT to : 47 ext . veldt - day 47 Doc and pk move alongside the great herd . pk ( v.o. ) I roam the kloofs and ridge , the dry riverbed and jungle floor with Doc for over a year , learn more than I realize even today . ( pause ) I also play a lot more ' God save the King ' due to my new musical celebrity . 35 . CUT to : 48 ext . barberton - day 48 track through barberton , a small town on the low veldt , in all its colonial backwater splendor . pk ( v.o. ) barberton be a very proper English town with a proper square , a wide main street , and the colonial ' overblown patriotism for a homeland most people have never see , hang in the air like fine dust . not quite see , but there nonetheless . CUT to : 49 int . concert hall 49 pk play " God save the King " on the stage . the town 's population stand -- the man , stoic ; the woman , dewey - eye , at patriotic attention . some people file out -- the man in officer ' uniform of the South African penal system and they wife -- boer . they exit to the dagger stare and some undertone hiss and boo from her majesty 's loyal subject . pk ( v.o. ) the only afrikaaner to live in barberton be send there to work at the government prison , just outside town . Germany have covertly support the boer in they two unsuccessful war against british rule , supplying food and medical supplies as well as ample stock of ammunition . pk ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) Germany be a old friend , a trust friend . and in a country where a handshake be a friendship and a friendship a bond for life , as the war in Europe grow fiercer tension in barberton heat up . suspicion be afoot . spy be everywhere . CUT to : 36 . 50 ext . road to doc' cottage - day 50 Doc and pk walk toward the cottage . Doc read pk 's report card . doc Grammar : satisfactory . Science : satisfactory . mathetmatics : satisfactory . he look down at pk . doc p.k. , if there be one thing I know you to be that be a lot more than just satisfactory . ja ? pk but I do not want to be know as a brain . doc why not ? pk who do you think get beat up on all the time in school ? doc my boy , to be smart be not a sin . but to be smart and not use it , that be sin number one . and as for get beat up on , use you brain to figure out how not to be . he hand pk the report card , he displeasure obvious . as they crest the hill the cottage come into view along with a park Army car and two armed soldier lean against it . see Doc and pk , the soldier smarten up , raise they rifle and advance . Doc 's face grow pale , he lip tight . pk pull close to he for support . doc again it begin . the stupidity . do not be frighten . Doc put to arm around pk 's shoulder , draw he close , comforting he . one of the soldier pull a pair of handcuffs out of he pocket as he advance . CUT to : 37 . 51 ext . barberton prison 51 a car pull up . Doc , in shackle , be escort from the car . pk exit after he . two guard lead Doc toward the doorway to the prison , a square in the loom gate . Doc walk , he head hold high . pk walk alongside hold he hand . british officer ( v.o. ) Karl von vollensteen , for the failure to register as a alien during time of war in accordance with his majesty 's government order to do so , you be hereby sentence to be confine at barberton prison for the duration of the war with Germany . at the door a guard touch pk 's shoulder , hold he back . the door open . Doc go through . just before the door close he look back at pk one last time . the door slam shut . pk , with tear stream down he cheek , be leave outside . CUT to : 52 int . pk' room - night 52 morrie lie in bed , asleep . pk sit up at he desk , write . pk ( v.o. ) and again I be alone with nothing to depend on to see I through except the power of one . pk put down he pen and sit , regard the page . he raise he eye to a photo on the desk of a boy on a rock . pk smile at hide memory , cap he fountain pen , turn off the light . the room be pitch into darkness . CUT to : 53 ext . downtown alley - afternoon 53 the seedy side of town . pk carry a gym bag and morrie look a bit out of place in they school blazer come stride up the alley . 38 . morrie look , even if the scholarship do not come through , my old man say he would lend you the money . pk morrie . morrie all right . all right . we will call it the ' levy carpet emporium Scholarship for poor but proud Christian gentlemen . ' how 's that ? pk tell you father I appreciate the offer . morrie God , I hate people who can not be buy . pk why be that ? morrie I do not know . personality disorder . pk nod in agreement . pk undoubtedly . the boy come to they destination mark by a rickety , fade sign : " goldman be gym . " excitement shine in pk 's eye . he bound up the narrow flight of stair . CUT to : 54 int . staircase 54 morrie and pk rush up the stair , stop at the landing , and collect themselves before open the door to the gym . they take a breath and enter . CUT to : 55 int . gym 55 a down and dirty box gym , hum with the rhythm of 39 . man training . sweat and smoke fill the air along with the faint scent of blood . fighter , both black and white , train with each other . morrie be amaze . morrie how do they get away with this ? but pk have he mind on other thing . his eye fix on a old man across the room stand by ringside . pk there he be . morrie Christ , he 's old . pk and he 's the best . c'mon . pk lead morrie across the gym . pk pass a African fighter . he stop training when he see pk . he turn to another African fighter , glance at pk . one by one the black in the gym stop training to look at pk . pk and morrie approach the rheumy Old man yell at the two fighter in the ring above he in a thick Polish - jewish accent . solly ( old man ) no , no . God give you two hand so you can knock a man out from either side . left-right . he move he creaky body back and forth to demonstrate . pk Mr. Goldman ? solly turn to the boy . a look of bemusement come over he face when he see they blazer . solly what ? you boy lose ? pk I be the one who call you yesterday . from the Prince of Wale School ? solly oh yeah , yeah . the champeen . right ? pk ( smile ) right . 40 . solly and who be you ? morrie the champeen 's manager . solly roll he eye to heaven . solly oy gevalt . ( beat ) you know you train here it 's not like that nice school fight you be use to . Three knockdown you win . just then , as if to underscore he point , one of the fighter in the ring get catch witha solid shot to the jaw . he hit the canvas inch from where they be stand . solly , pk and morrie all look at he , and then at each other . morrie what do it cost for you to train he ? solly for my personal attentinon , Mr. manager ? fifty pound a month . for one of they ... ( point to the other man work with fighter ) ... less . morrie pull out a wad of money and proffer it to solly . morrie here 's for six month in advance . Three hundred pound . solly push the money back . solly six month ? I do not know you boy will last six minute . pk I will last . solly notice that every black fighter in the gym have stop work and be stare at pk . solly 41 . what be you stare ? punch , do not stare . c'mon . work or you be out . the black go back to work . solly that you gear ? pk yes , sir . solly go change in the back . we will see if you could not find a better use for all that money . pk thank you , sir . pk head towards the rear . solly turn to morrie . solly why 's he want to do this , a nice - look schoolboy ? morrie he want to be welterweight champ of the world . solly break up laugh . solly oh sure , sure . and I would like to be twenty - five again . morrie you like to make book on it ? solly ( joke ) you give odd ? morrie you name they . solly give he a long look . solly you both meshugah . solly walk away . CUT to : 42 . 56 int . gym - ring 56 pk be in the ring get ready to spar with a well - build opponent . morrie stand at ringside with solly . solly let 's just start out nice and easy now . he hit the bell . the fighter circle . pk 's opponent start punch , jabbing , probing . after two feint he come after pk in earnest . pk step leave and pepper he with three quick blow to the face . solly 's interest be suddenly pique . again the fighter circle . again the opponent set up with jab and again he attack . this time pk dodge , hit he hard and spin he around , hit he twice more . a smile appear on solly 's face . the opponent , angere now , get more aggressive . pk keep bob and weaving , stick and slip punch . the opponent unload , bang away at pk with everything he have . pk back up two step , then shift position . the opponent 's momentum carry he into the rope . as he come off the rope pk throw he a eight - punch combination , demolosh he opponent . pk step back . the opponent sag . solly hit the bell , clearly excited . solly never I see someone so young throw a eight - punch combination . where do you learn such a thing ? pk in prison , sir . solly you try to be a comedian and a boxer ? Mr. manager , come to my office . we will talk term . you , get shower , and see I after . we will talk training . solly and morrie head off toward solly 's office . pk watch they go , a small victorious smile on he face . CUT to : 57 ext . barbeton prison gate 57 Seven -year- old pk stand at the gate hold a bucket , wait to be let in . CUT to : 43. 58 int . prison hall 58 pk sit on a bench in the hall . Black prisoner be march by , guard closely . at pk 's foot be the metal bucket . the door to kommandant von Zyl 's office open . a guard summon pk . pk rise , take he bucket and enter the office . CUT to : 59 int . von iyl' office 59 the kommandant , a brusque man with a salt - and - pepper brush cut sit behind he big desk . von zyl ( kommandant ) so you be pk . pk yes , sir . von zyl I be kommandant von Zyl . the professor have request you to be he visitor so you can continue you study on piano and he can continue with he study on cactus . this be the first specimen ? he allude to the bucket . pk yes , sir . kalanchoe thrysiflora . he hold the bucket up . 60 von iyl' Pov 60 a small cactus rest on some tobacco leave . 61 back to scene 61 von zyl the professor teach you this , ja ? of course to you English town he be a prisoner , a criminal . to we who respect such learn and culture , he be a honore guest . 44 . he hand pk a pass . von zyl this pass be good for any time , any day . would you like to see he now ? pk yes , sir . von zyl come . I will take you myself . von Zyl rise and open the door for pk . they exit . CUT to : 62 int . prison corridor 62 pk and von Zyl walk together . von zyl we have clear a little plot behind the cellblock for the cactus . and tomorrow we have the professor 's piano move here . there be not another instrument like it in the territory . maybe one day the two of you can give a concert for we , hey ? pk yes , sir . just then the sound of grunting and thwacking fill the air . pk pass a room set up as a box gym . through a crack in the door he see a dozen boy be coach by some guard . some guard be also be coach by a second man . a third man , lieutenant smit , oversee the whole training session . pk watch , mesmerize . von zyl you like to box ? pk I would like to learn , meneer . be the boy prisoner ? von zyl ( laugh ) no , no . the son of the guard . see that one there ? ( point to a 45 . little pudge boy flail away ) that 's my son , danie . it 's a club . Lieutenant smit . smit come over . smit Sir ? von zyl we have room for one more on the squad ? smit look down at pk . smit he 's a little small , kommandant . von zyl we will build he up then . smit yes , sir . but I really do not have anyone to spare to teach he right now . you know , with the tournament come up . von zyl there must be someone . smit look around the hall . 63 he Pov 63 a crumpled , old black man , a lifer with break , bandy leg and a fighter 's flatten face , wiping the floor , pick up use towel . 64 back to scene 64 smit piet . geel piet come shuffle over , properly submissive . geel piet ( black man ) yes , sir . smit you teach this boy basic , and you teach he good or I knock you black head flat , you hear ? 46 . geel piet I teach he best I know , baa . smit we train every day . first thing in the morning . miss two training , you be go . pk yes , meneer . smit come tomorrow . see this old kaffir . pk yes , meneer . thank you , meneer . von zyl Lieutenant , a word ? the two man step off to the side . geel piet do not worry , little baa . Little can beat big any day . first with the head , then with the heart . Little defeat big when little be smart . you can remember that ? pk yes , sir . geel piet no , no . do not never call I sir . ' specially in front of the guard . pk what should I call you ? geel piet piet. geel piet . coach kaffir . towel . geel piet assume he submissive posture again . geel piet okay , baa . come , baa . he wink at pk and shuffles off . a bell sound . CUT to : 47 . 65 ext . carnival 65 a bell at the top of a strongman 's game sound . a big boer farmer , mallet in hand , roar in triumph , swinging the mallet again and ringing the bell again . 66 angle on pk and maria 66 walk through the carnival , munch popcorn . maria you take a big chance talk to my father the way you do . pk not really . go in I be behind on point with he . I be English . I attend a politically suspect school . I be a boxer . maria he like boxer . pk all man like boxer . but not for they daughter . so I have to find some way to make a impression . they get on line for the ferris wheel . maria you could have pick a more agreeable topic . pk and make much less of a impression . talk to someone about they passion . even if they disagree they will remember you . it be really the most logical strategy if you think about it . maria do you spend hour think about how to deal with I , too ? pk day . maria know what I think ? ( beat ) 48 . you be dangerous . they turn come to mount the ferris wheel . they get into the seat and strap in . maria when I be little we would go to my grandfather 's farm in the high veldt for holiday . the ferris wheel start to go up . maria my father would take I to the top of the high hill and we would play this game , ' what do you see ' until we run out of thing to see . do you ever play that ? pk no. maria want to try ? pk sure . the ferris wheel stop to let more people on . johannesburg glitter beyond . maria I see a forest . it go on forever . there be giant tree which keep get bigger and bigger over thousand of year . now you . the wheel begin to move a little higher and then stop . pk I see little tree grow on the forest floor , learn to grow with the little bit of light the big tree let in . now you . maria I see the big tree get bigger , they leave and branch make one great green umbrella over all of Africa . the wheel stop again at its high point . pk 49 . I see the sun grow weaker , give off less light . I see the big tree die because they can not live without a lot of light . I see the little tree take over the forest because they learn to adapt . maria you tell a very good story . her eye sparkle , make she irresistible . pk lean forward . Maria turn she face towards he . her lip part slightly . they kiss tenderly . the camera rise from they to the star-litter sky twinkle above . the sky go from black to grey as the camera pan down . geel piet ( v.o. ) ( sing -song ) can not hit you , can not hurt you . can not hit you , can not hurt you . can not hit you , can not hurt you . that 's it . good. good . CUT to : 67 int . prison boxing room 67 geel piet be punch at pk , slowly , with a large pair of glove . the seven- year- old bob and weave quite expertly . geel piet stop , wind . geel piet you wear out this old man . see ? see how it can work ? how little beat big ? pk yes , sir . but when do I get to punch ? geel piet you not go to just punch , man . you go to combination . he demonstrate . geel piet one-two . one-two. c'mon . now you . one-two . one-two . 50 . pk do he best to mimic . geel piet oh do we have a boxer here . yes sir . we build you to eight - punch combination . the geel piet eight . then you catch afire . one-two . one-two . Doc appear in the doorway . doc how be the next Joe Louis this morning ? pk try and hit I . Doc chuckle . pk no. c'mon . Doc take a half -heart swing . pk bob expertly . pk no . try hard . Doc set up and swing leave , then right . pk avoid both swing . doc you be amazing . pk and I be go to learn the geel piet eight . doc yes , yes , yes . but right now you have to come learn the Beethoven fifth for one hour so we can get to the cactus before it 's too hot to plant . do you bring she ? pk point to a nearby bucket . pk parchypodium namquanium . doc excellent . excellent . we make from you a champion and a brain . 51 . geel piet ( furtive ) Excuse I , big baa . but can I talk to the small baa ? doc of course . geel piet look hesitantly from the man to the boy and then begin . geel piet every day I see you bring the bucket and in the bottom be some tobacco leaf . pk it keep the root wet . geel piet what happen to the leaf after ? doc a little I use in some water to make a bug spray for the plant . pk and the rest we throw away . geel piet fidget . he drop he head , speak low . geel piet if you leave the pail when you go plant be a problem , small baa ? pk I do not understand . geel piet be like this . you see how hard the life be for the people here in prison . only little pleasure they take from this hard life maybe sometimes when no one watch late at night -- a little smoke . now with the big war in Europe tobacco be plenty hard to get outside . Inside it be go . we be the forget in here . pk we have bunch of leave at home . I will bring a whole bucketful tomorrow . 52 . geel piet no , no . must not do that , little baa . pk I do not understand . doc what geel piet mean be it can be dangerous . something the guard might not want the people to have . pk what 's wrong with tobacco ? why would not they want they to have it ? doc what 's wrong be people whose job it be to punish . after a little while it be all they know how to do . pk what should I do ? doc this be for you to answer . the sound of a truncheon on metal turn they to the door where sergeant bormann , a side of beef with a sadist 's eye , stand , truncheon in hand . he enter the room and circle the trio . bormann I smell something not right here , ay , kaffir ? he poke geel piet with he truncheon . geel piet ( submissive ) no , meneer sergeant . everything okay here . bormann swing he truncheon into the back of geel piet 's knee , buckle the little man to the floor . bormann I do not fuckin ' believe you . he glare at Doc and pk . bormann if you be up to something I will find out . 53. bormann , still eying they suspiciously , exit . Doc and pk help geel piet up . doc schweinhund . geel piet no , no . this old kaffir 's okay . sorry to make any trouble , little baa . we just stick to the box now on . sorry , sorry . geel piet go hobbling off , pick up towel . Doc and pk go to exit . at the door pk turn . pk geel piet. geel piet turn . pk I leave my bucket on the side by Doc 's toilet when I practice piano . geel piet break out a smile he usually keep to himself and exit . pk look up at Doc who tossle he hair approvingly . doc pk , to I you be the champion of the world already . come . let we go box now with Mr. Beethoven . pk and Doc exit . CUT to : 68 int . solly gym 68 pk in the ring be about to start sparring . solly give he instruction as morrie stand by . solly now at the end of the geel piet eight you do this ... one -two ... ( he punch the air ) one-two -three ... the solly Goldman thirteen . okay ? pk nod . solly hit the bell . the sparring begin . pk work he way in . 54 . solly that 's it . that 's it . move he around . jab jab . slip slip . now . pk pour it on , lay in the geel piet eight . solly be silently count . solly and ... one -two ... one - two -three . pk fire the last three punch like lightning and back up . solly that 's it . that 's it . now work around the defense . jab jab . the opponent become aggressive . pk start dance , slip punch . morrie how do you get away with this , Mr. G ? why do not they close you down ? I mean , there be law about black and white box each other . solly in a public match . not in a gym . not yet anyway . the boer be a funny people . outside the ring the black be not equal . Inside he be . but only in private , not in public . so I keep my mouth shut , the police go a little blind , and that 's that . it 's a crazy world , huh ? a whistle from across the gym draw solly 's attention . he and morrie turn to he office where he assistant stand with the tall black man from the schoolboy championship . solly 's face take on a serious ex - pression . he ring the bell . he turn to morrie . solly work he on the heavy bag . solly head for he office . 69 angle on pk 69 turn away from he opponent . he and the tall black man trade a glance just before the man enter solly 's 55 . office and solly close the door . CUT to : 70 int . gym 70 pk pound the heavy bag as morrie stand by . morrie six , seven , eight , nine , ten . that 's it . pk stop , relax . morrie throw a towel over he shoulder . one of solly 's assistant come over . assistant solly want to see you two . pk and morrie look at each other and head for solly 's office . CUT to : 71 int . office 71 solly face the door as it open . pk and morrie enter . morrie you want to see we , Mr. G .? solly Close the door . ( beat ) someone I get a lot of respect for ask I to make a request . he want to put you in a match . morrie with who ? solly a young guy just turn pro . gideon mandoma . morrie a black fighter ! they want he to fight a black fighter ? solly in a black township . sofiatown . morrie out of the question . not even up for discussion . c'mon , p.k. 56 . morrie go to exit . pk do not . pk who ask you to ask ? solly the man who promote all the fight in sofiatown -- elias nguni . pk and you trust he ? solly in thirty year I know he , number one on the list . morrie you be both out of you mind . pk do he tell you why he want the match ? solly I tell you what he tell I . pk just talk box -- how do I match up with mandoma ? solly pretty even . morrie I mean besides get throw out of school and into jail , do you know what else happen you do this ? he 's a pro . the minute you fight he you be a pro . solly there 's no purse be offer . morrie that 's a good career move . Risk everything to gain nothing . very sound business sense . pk tell Mr. nguni I will think about it . pk exit with morrie steaming behind . they head for the locker room , pk clearly perturb . 57 . morrie okay . what 's go on ? pk I do not know . morrie well why do not you tell I what you do know . pk there 's a African myth about a outsider who come one day and unite all the tribe into one against they oppressor . they call it the myth of onoshobishobi ingelosi -- the tadpole angel . that chant at the school championship ? morrie for you ? pk I have not hear it in year . pk begin to disrobe . morrie and how do this honor fall on you broad back ? pk I tell you about bring tobacco to the prisoner at barberton ? well after that be go for a while I learn that even though they could send and receive letter , they never do . they could not read or write . morrie so you do it for they . pk right . morrie and after that ? pk a clothing program for they family and a food program . one thing sort of lead to another . 58 . morrie I can see where ' angel ' would be a appropriate title . ( beat ) but it be , uh , this geel piet who be really behind all of it , be not it ? pk he be very good at point thing out . morrie man like that should be run a country , not rotting in prison . pk he 's not in prison anymore . ( pause ) he 's dead . pk step into the shower pull the curtain close . CUT to : 72 int . gym 72 pk and morrie exit the locker room . 73 pk' Pov - across gym to maria 73 talk to solly . she see pk and smile . 74 back to scene 74 pk and morrie come up . maria I think I would surprise you . pk well , you succeed . maria Mr. Goldman be explain the theory behind the leave hook . morrie beat talk about the weather . you may have hear about I ? 59 . I be morrie . maria oh yes . how d' you do . solly 's Assistant whistle for he . solly well , nice meeting you , Maria . maria Nice meeting you , Mr. Goldman . solly we never have a girl come to the gym . ( beat ) it 's not such a bad thing , huh ? solly move off . pk you get a pass to come out on a weeknight ? Maria lift she jumper a bit , display the result of treeclimb on she knee . maria you tree pass . pk move Maria and morrie off down the stair . maria do you box too , morrie ? morrie do I look that daft ? pk morrie 's the brain of the operation . morrie he mean the bank . you boyfriend have a great head for literature but none for finance . they exit the staircase . 75 there Pov - across the way - nguni 75 in the shadow of the alley stand , smoking a cigarette . 60 . 76 back to scene 76 pk ( in Zulu ) I see you , nguni . nguni I see you , p.k. they talk across the narrow street . nguni you have hear my request ? pk yes . why do you make it ? nguni a woman have throw the sacred ox bone . she have make a fire and read the smoke . pk what do she read ? nguni that the onoshobishobi ingelosi who be a chief must fight the one who one day will be a chief . pk but it 's not true that I be a chief . nguni who know what be true and what be not . the legend of onoshobishobi ingelosi be very powerful among the people . they see you box the boer and always you win . they have hear the storey from barberton . the people live with little hope . they must see if the spirit of the boy still life in the man . pk and if I lose ? if the spirit of the onoshobishobi ingelosi do not exist in I anymore , then what will they live with ? nguni less hope . but still they must 61 . see . it be we way . at that moment a spotlight blind they . a police car come up the alley , stop in front of they . the police exit , threaten . police # 1 what 's this here ? Maria be grip by fear . morrie be cautious , unmove . pk a old family servant , Officer . from home . we just run into each other . police # 2 paper , man . come on , be quick . nguni reach into he pocket . police # 1 where you come from ? pk gym , sir . I train there . police # 1 and you ? morrie I be he manager . the Police look at each other and share a laugh . police # 2 ( to Maria ) and you be the sparring partner , hey ? the Police laugh . Police # 2 , satisfied nguni 's papers be in order , hand they back . police # 2 you have a hour to curfew and a long way to go , kaffir . be off . nguni ( subservient ) yes , baa . go right now . nguni move off , no semblance of the proud man in he gait . pk 62 . nguni. nguni turn . pk I will do it . nguni smile and disappear into the night . pk watch he go . CUT to : 77 ext . devillier school 77 pk and Maria stand by the tree set to climb over the wall . maria I be scared for you , pk . pk solly 's a great teacher . he would not put I in a fight I could not handle . marie I mean about how involved you be with the black people . that scare I . pk because you do not understand they . maria no I do not . pk if you do you would not be so scared . you ever have a conversation with a black person ? maria of course . pk besides a servant . Maria 's silence be she answer . pk you should sometime . maria I hate it when you tease I . 63. pk sorry . he kiss she . maria ( pouty ) no you be not . pk yes I be . he kiss she again . this time she respond , kissing he back . the kiss become more passionate , touch , feel - ing . the heat in both of they begin to rise when a car pass , its headlight arcing across the tree , startling they out of they passion . they cling to the shadow until the car turn the corner . maria I better go . they kiss once , lightly . pk boost she over the wall and wait until she be safely on the other side before run - ning off into the night . CUT to : 78 int . oxford board of examiner room - day 78 the Oxford board of examiner , eminent academic all , sit four across at a lecture table , look absolutely musty with learn . across from they pk sit , a folder in he lap . one man , professor lewis , peruse the file in front of he . lewis accord to you submission you have ambition to be a writer and the welterweight box champion of the world . Lewis read the last sentence with a tinge of amusement in he voice . pk yes , sir . lewis do not you find seek a career as a pugilist and read for a degree at Oxford a bit , how shall we put it , intellectually 64 . incompatible . pk Lord Byron be a boxer , sir . and I have never hear anyone question he intellectual integrity . one of the other examiner cough theatrically to hide he smile . Lewis look down the table at the man . lewis I do not recall Lord Byron actually engage in match for money . pk actually , sir , there be several record instance of Lord Byron engage in match for quite large sum of money . examiner # 2 quite right . yes . in a letter to he wife shelley make mention of just such a thing . for hundred of pound , actually . Lewis have hear enough . lewis let 's move along , shall we ? as you presentational you have request to read from a work of you own fiction . pk yes , sir . lewis well , then , let we hope we will be treat to the stirring of another Byron . his sarcasm be not lose on pk . pk ignore it , open he folder , and begin to read . pk the concerto for the southland and the death of geel piet. ( pause ) his name be geel piet -- yellow Peter . he be a mix of half the blood in Africa -- dutch , portuguese , Zulu , sotha , and who know what else . his father 65 . desert he mother before he be bear . his stepfather throw he out to survive on the street of capetown when he be nine . CUT to : 79 int . barberton prison boxing ring 79 geel piet be instruct a nine- year - old pk in the geel piet eight . both boy and man be enjoy what they do -- and each other . pk ( v.o. ) when I meet he he have spend forty of he fifty - five year in one South African prison or another . he be a thief , a con man , a black marketeer . as the narration continue , the scene fade to : 80 twelve -year-old pk 80 with a much better grasp of the geel piet eight . he and geel piet seem closer than ever . pk ( v.o. ) he may even have kill a man or two in he time . but despite all that he be one of the kindest , wisest , most self - efface person I ever know . he be my teacher ; he be my friend . fade to : 81 int . prison room 81 pk sit opposite a black prisoner who talk to he . pk , thirteen year old now , write what the man say on a piece of paper . when he be finish , he fold it , put it into a envelope , and hand it to the man . the man smile , shake pk 's hand profusely , and exit . pk turn to geel piet who be on he hand and knee polish the floor , seemingly part of the surroundings . geel piet and pk share a smile . pk ( v.o. ) geel piet bore no animosity , hold no hate . should a guard beat he he regard it as self - inflicted , 66 . the result of some carelessness on he part . to survive the system he live in he become a expert in the art of camouflage , a master of the invisible . in this he strove to be perfect , and in the end it be he quest for perfection that provoke anger from above and kill he . CUT to : 82 ext . prison cactus garden 82 quite advanced after five year of plant . pk and geel piet be bent over a cactus , transplant it . a group of prisoner on the way to a hard - labor work task march by . they chant a verse to onoshobishobi ingelosi . pk be a little embarrassed by it . pk you know every time they do that I want to jump up and say I be just a twelve - year-old . I be not anything else . geel piet to they you be . you be the one who bring the smoke , the one who write the letter , the one who put clothes on they child when they be cold . you be onoshobishobi ingelosi . pk but you know that 's not true . geel piet who be to say what be true and what be not true , kleine baa . Doc come run up , excited , wave a newspaper . doc the ally army have cross the rhine into Germany . it be almost over . pk that 's great , be not it ? he turn to geel piet . geel piet 67 . ( subdued ) yes , kleine baa . doc you be a good faker , geel piet . but you do not think it 's great at all . it mean you lose you star letter writer and tobacco importer . geel piet no matter that , Professor . we always manage here . what pain I most be I lose my boxer . pk I will come back . geel piet ( adamant ) no , kleine baa . you leave this damn place you do not come back never . doc geel piet , when a painter finish a work of art he do not lose it . he send it out in the world so everyone can see the genius of he creation . this be what you be go to do . and to celebrate the launch of such a work of art as you have make we boxer here , I have compose a entire concerto -- ' the concerto for the southland ' -- which it be my intention to play in concert for the prisoner before I leave . geel piet not possible . the kommandant never allow the people to have such a thing . doc he will think it 's a concert for he and the brass . but we will know , ay ? and the people will know . pk he will never let black be with white here , Doc . doc if the black be part of the 68 . orchestra , like the piano , he will . geel piet but the people have no instrument in this place , big baa . doc they have they voice . each tribe a different voice , a different language -- all sing together . it be brilliant , no ? pk except the tribe do not trust each other . they do not even talk to each other . doc ( crestfallen ) oh . this be correct . this stupid hatred . geel piet they will do it for you , kleine baa . you be onoshobishobi ingelosi . you bring the tobacco . you write the letter . you put clothes on they child 's body and food in they belly . all you do be ask and they all sing for you . doc he 's right . Wunderbar . you be the smartest of we all . geel piet smile as he lift the water pot to exit . a truncheon stop he . all turn to sergeant bormann . bormann a kaffir smarter than all of we ? you be a strange german , Professor . doc that little maniac with the moustache in Berlin you admire . he be the strange german . and soon kaput , I hope . bormann if that 's true you will not be long for this place , eh , Professor ? 69 . doc no , sergeant . God willing . bormann and you , too , little rooinek . but you , kaffir , Hitler come or go ... he take geel piet 's hand . bormann you be go to stay with I . he force geel piet 's hand closer and closer to a cactus with long thorns . bormann and I will find out all you secret once you friend be go . one slip ... he push geel piet 's hand onto the cactus needle . geel piet do not cry out . bormann I have you . he let go of geel piet 's hand . geel piet remove it from the cactus , bloody . bormann get out of here . geel piet take he water can and go . bormann you see , Professor , they be not like we . a white man would scream bloody murder . Doc and pk glare at bormann . he smirk and walk away . pk ( v.o. ) as the week go by and the date for the concert grow closer , my life be a whirlwind . pk and geel piet appear before various tribal leader , talk , agree , shaking hand . pk ( v.o. ) have obtain the cooperation of all the tribal group , we set about instruct they . four man from each tribe be teach the 70 . intricacy of they group 's part . they be the choral leader responsible for teach the other . pk and Doc instruct . Doc play the piano . pk lead the singer . geel piet turn the page for Doc . pk ( v.o. ) at night the prison hummed with the man in they cell practice . CUT to : 83 ext . prison tower 83 nervous guard patrol as the sound of the prisoner sing waft through the air . CUT to : 84 int . boxing room 84 geel piet instruct pk . p.k. ( v.o. ) my box instruction accelerate as well . it be as if geel piet be try to give I every bit of box knowledge he have before we parte . and always from the corner and shadow bormann watch and wait . bormann watch pk and geel piet from the door of he room , he truncheon beat idly against he leg . CUT to : 85 int . ring 85 a photographer set up a group picture of the box squad -- kid and guard . geel piet stand off to one side , out of frame . pk ( v.o. ) we box squad , the barberton blue , win the State championship with a perfect record . I win at 100 lb . it be my first championship . it make I want 71. more . the group disperse . pk beckon the photographer to wait . he grab geel piet and force he to stand , much to the little man 's protestation , for a photo of the two of they . as the picture be take geel piet have the widest smile imaginable . 86 int . prison yard - night 86 the guard , all in crisp uniform , patrol nervously , truncheon at the ready . the tower bristle with gun as hundred of black prisoner file into the yard . pk ( v.o. ) finally the night of the concert arrive . the prison atmosphere , normally tense , be keen . each prisoner enter the yard be searched . it be prison policy to keep tribal rivalry boil . divide and conquer . the policy of control . pk ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) this be to be the first time in the history of the South African prison system that the tribe be allow to mingle . and if trouble come , it would be the last . all the prisoner be seat on the ground behind Doc , who be raise with the piano on a small stage . Guards surround the prisoner -- a solid , edgy border encase a black center . the front of the yard be fill with seat on which sit the kommandant , he wife , assort prison brass , politician , and a smatter of the local afrikaan hierarchy . pk be oversee the seating of the prisoner when Doc come up to he . doc have you see my page turner ? pk no. he ask a prisoner in Zulu . pk have you see geel piet ? the man shake he head . pk look worried . 72 . doc ( reassure ) he will come . the kommandant , all medal and polished leather , mount the stage , signal a beginning to the festivity . von zyl where be bormann ? I need bormann to translate to the prisoner . smit I do not know , kommandant . doc be there a problem here , kommandant ? von zyl I want to address this filthy kaffir but I do not have a translator . pk I will translate . von zyl you can speak Zulu , pk ? pk yes , sir . von zyl all right . listen up . he address the prisoner . von zyl tell they this concert be the gift to they from the professor who , even though he be in prison , be not a dirty criminal like they but a man of culture and learn . pk ( subtitle ) the kommandant welcome you and look forward to the great sing . von zyl for such a man I be happy to do this . but one hair of trouble and it 's finish . 73 . pk ( subtitle ) he hope each tribe will sing its best and bring honor to its people . von zyl one wrong move and you get march back to you cell and do not come out for a month . pk ( subtitle ) he say tonight let we be one people under the African sky . the prisoner break into spontaneous applause . von Zyl look at pk , unsuspecting , pleased . von zyl you do a good job . pk thank you , sir . von zyl Professor ? he turn the stage over to the professor and take he seat . the professor sit at he stool , poise . pk , in front of the singer , watch he for a cue . Doc drop he head . pk point to a group of singer . music and voice blend spontaneously . " the concerto for the great southland " begin . Doc play magnificently with great style . pk focus on lead the singer . each section , each tribe sing its own song with its own distinct cultural imprint on rhythm , pace and tone . 87 close up on pk 87 lead the singer in and out of the music . 88 flash to truncheon 88 be raise and lower on a familiar back . 89 back to scene 89 pk be catch short by the flash . he falter a bit , then regains he concentration . 74 . 90 flash to truncheon 90 come down on a familiar head -- geel peit 's . 91 another angle 91 instinctively the first four prisoner in each group , the leader , stand and turn to face they people . they take up the lead . pk , distract by he inner vision , run off stage . Doc look after he , worried , but keep play . CUT to : 92 int . prison 92 pk run through the empty cell block look for some - one . pk run through the corridor . he run through the kitchen , the empty dining area , the SOUND of the concert chase after he . he run through the recreation area and past the box room when he hear a thud , and another . 93 int . boxing room 93 he bolt into the room and hit the light switch . the light over the ring come on , illuminate bormann , truncheon raise over the lifeless , break body of geel piet . pk no ! startle , bormann jump out of the ring and run off . pk scramble into the ring and cradle the lifeless , blood - ied head in he lap , and begin to sob . pan down along geel piet 's arm to he bloody hand , hold the snapshot of he and pk . the concerto grow louder around pk until it enfold he in its melody . the voice of Africa , the music of Europe , reach for a musical and spiritual crescendo . pk ( v.o. ) geel piet die of massive internal hemorrhage , the result of bormann 's ramming a truncheon up into the little man 's body until he entrail spill out . when I reach he he be already dead . I sit there cry , stroking he head and cry with African 75 . voice rise to heaven above , even as she blood soak the ground below . the music swell until the voice meld as one . CUT to : 94 int . examiner ' room 94 the four examiner all sit enthralled by the story . when pk look up , a tear run down he cheek . Lewis , who be visibly move , clear he throat . another man blow he nose with a handkerchief , cover he emotion . lewis thank you very much . you will be notify as to the University 's decision by mail . pk rise and go to exit . lewis Point of curiousity . pk turn . lewis you headmaster tell I you work be somewhat autobiographical . pk yes , sir . lewis this bormann , he be real ? pk yes , sir . lewis be justice ever serve ? pk yes , sir . sergeant bormann die of cancer ... ( pause ) of the rectum . pk turn and exit . CUT to : 95 ext . school 95 76 . solly Goldman sit behind the wheel of he old car . two figure sneak out of the school and come run toward the car . 96 int . car 96 solly start the engine as pk and morrie hop in . pk we have to make a stop first . solly the night will not last forever , boychick . pk it will only take a minute . solly put the car in gear and drive off . CUT to : 97 int . maria' room 97 Maria be sleep when a hand go over she mouth . she awake , startle , to pk , finger to lip . CUT to : 98 ext . black TOWNSHIP 98 a police car patrol the edge of the vast , dark , ram - shackle township , its cruiser light scan the opening to the dark rutte alley . it pass and disappear down the road . a moment later a African step out of the shadow and whistle a signal . CUT to : 99 down the road 99 in the shadow , nguni hear the whistle . he look at he watch and up the road , tense , as another set of head - light appear . nguni step back into the shadow . CUT to : 100 int . car 100 77 . solly strain to see out he dirty windshield with the headlight as he car bump along the unpave road . solly the night I escape from the Tsar 's Army it be just like this . six of we -- four Jews , two ukranian . Dark as anything . no street . in the day we hide in bush . at night we go . morrie you desert ? solly whey they come take you at thirteen year old and tell you it 's twenty - five year in the Army , it 's you duty to desert . nguni step out right into the path of the headlight . solly hit the brake hard , throw everyone forward . solly you say the end of the road . nguni yes , yes . sorry . I drive . he open solly 's door with some urgency . nguni see Maria . nguni ( smile ) welcome , miss , welcome . maria thank you . nguni turn into the township and be swallow by the dark . CUT to : 101 int . car 101 the car bounce along the rutte darken street of the township . the glow of smolder cooking fire through open doorway offer minimal illumination to the squalid life within . Maria peer out at a world she have never see . as the car drive , woman and child gather along the road peer in . mother point to pk , instruct they child . 78 . voice onoshobishobi ingelosi . nguni the people have come from everywhere to see you . Maria take pk 's hand , a little nervous . pk smile at she confidently . morrie where be the man ? nguni they be to be witness . the muffle sound of voice singing reach they , grow - ing louder as they approach . Maria be tense . nguni sense this . he turn to she . nguni no worry , miss . it be the sound of happiness . he stop the car at a door in a high wooden wall guard by two big man . nguni we be here . everyone get out of the car and pass through the door which shut behind they . CUT to : 102 int . dimly lit corridor 102 nguni lead everyone down the hallway . pk be dress to fight , hand tape , robe throw over he shoulder . morrie I do not see why we have to weigh in . they be go to fight anyway . nguni it be very important the people see everything be correct . they come to a arch which lead into a big empty room . in the center of the room stand a scale and a dozen african , all dress in wear but neatly press suit . mandoma , the other man who attend pk 's fight at school , clad only in box gear , wait on pk . 79 . pk ( in Zulu ) I see you , gideon mandoma . mandoma I see you , pk . pk I just want you to know you fight a man . onoshobishobi ingelosi be just a name I be give at barberton prison . it mean nothing . mandoma it be not for you or I to say what it mean . a old man , one of the dignitary say something to nguni . nguni please . he motion for pk to step on the scale . pk do . the weight be duly note . mandoma then do the same . the twelve man be satisfied . they head for the exit . nguni it be time . he motion for the other to follow . pk go to walk with Maria . nguni pair he with mandoma . they exit the room . CUT to : 103 int . corridor 103 the party walk towards a big double door behind which a single voice preaching can be vaguely hear . nguni knock on the door . 104 ext . soccer field 104 the door open to a entire soccer field jamme with humanity . a box ring be raise in the center . the only light in the area directly over it . with the twelve witness in the lead , the party make its way through a path in the crowd . a old woman with a fly switch , not unlike inkosikazi 's , speak from the ring . as pk pass the whisper start . whisper onoshobishobi . 80 . the woman in the ring begin to chant . the crowd pick it up . crowd onoshobishopi ingelosi . shobi shobi ingelosi . pk look back at Maria who be a bit unnerve , as be morrie and solly . he look across at mandoma whose face be a mask look straight ahead , betray nothing . the two man climb into the ring and stand in they corner . the Old woman shuffles over and peer into pk 's face . she mutter something inaudible , then turn to the crowd . old woman onoshobishobi ingelosi . the crowd pick up the chant . she wave and the crowd go silent . somewhere in the darkness a single voice begin to sing " nkosi sikelel I afrika " -- the African national anthem . the crowd pick it up . pk look down to the front row where nguni sit courteously attend to Maria in a seat of honor among the twelve man in suit . the African national anthem finish . the bell ring three time . the Old woman be lead from the ring . a indian referee in all white enter the ring and wave the two fighter forward . referee you be listen to I please . when I be shouting break , you must break at once . when a knockdown be come , it be for a eight count . no head , no elbow . you fight clean or by golly I be give you penalty point . good luck , boy . pk and mandoma touch glove and go to they respective corner . pk what do you see ? solly watch mandoma dance across the ring . solly a very tough fight . the bell ring . 81 . solly watch the leave hook . mandoma come charge across the ring and begin to fire everything in he arsenal at pk , overwhelming he . pk can not get away from he and take a series of devastat - ing combination which end in a leave hook to pk 's jaw . pk drop like lead . the referee start count . pk shake he head clear and rise at eight . the referee check he glove . there be a cut under he right eye . referee continue . again , mandoma come charge hard . pk defend himself as best he can , try to counter . but mandoma 's offense will not allow it . he beat on pk until the round end . pk sit down in he corner . morrie work on he eye . pk God , he hit like a truck . solly he 's go for the quick knockout . he can not keep it up . soon the truck run out of gas . pk if he catch I again like that I will run out of gas -- permanently . the bell sound . pk be hardly off he stool when mandoma be on he , pummel he . pk backpedal , bob and weave . mandoma 's punch come fast and furious , each one look to end the fight . mandoma get pk against the rope and bang away . pk cover up . mandoma punish he arm and kidney . pk swing back and es- cape . mandoma pursue he . he catch pk with a body chop and then a chopping leave . pk go down again . the referee start to count . the crowd be completely silent . the bell ring . pk return to he corner , shaking he head , try to clear it . he flop onto he stool . solly he 's have it . he 's get no strength in he punch . pk could have fool I . solly I be tell you . pk 82 . tell he . morrie look -- he 's take water . they all look . 105 there Pov 105 of mandoma , breathe heavily , sweat profusely , drink deeply from he water flask . 106 back to scene 106 solly see . where that water go -- you go . right to here . he poke pk 's belly . solly you put you punch there , you win . you do not , you lose . the bell ring . mandoma come charge out . pk go on defense . he hit mandoma hard to the head . mandoma whip around and hit he hard . pk spin and hit the canvas . his vision blur , double . the SOUND of a waterfall fill he head . flash to : 107 pk 107 struggle to climb the rock in the pool below the waterfall . he be halfway across this time . CUT to : 108 referee 108 referee Three ... four ... five ... flash to : 109 pk 109 struggle to mount the fifth rock . he cling to it , wet , exhaust , as the water pummel he . CUT to : 83 . 110 referee 110 referee ... seven ... eight ... nine ... pk rise . the crowd go wild . the referee hold up six finger . referee how many finger ? pk six. referee where be you ? pk in a fight behind on point . referee okay . continue . mandoma rush in for the kill . pk feint and come up under one of mandoma 's punch , bury a body shot into he gut . mandoma grunt and back up . pk pursue he . mandoma try to recover . he throw another big punch . pk duck under it and put two more hook into mandoma 's stomach . mandoma start to back up for the first time in the fight . pk box , jabbing , feint , push man - doma around the ring , take control . mandoma , head for exhaustion , throw another big punch in desperation . pk hit he with three punch in return . mandoma swing again with a last desperate effort , and pk bury the solly Goldman thirteen into every part of he body . pk step back and with he last punch , put mandoma down . the crowd go silent . the referee count mandoma out . he raise pk 's hand . still , the crowd be silent . morrie we be in the shit now . Nice know you , solly . he and solly look around at the somber black face flick - ering in the shadow of the ring light . pk look down at mandoma in silence . mandoma rise unsteadily . he stand in front of pk , stare into he eye , and then he raise pk 's arm above he head . mandoma onoshobishobi ingelosi . the crowd go wild , chant , sing over and over as pk and mandoma stand in center ring , arm raise . 84 . 111 ext . devillier school - pre -dawn 111 pk stand with Maria by the tree they use to climb over the wall . in the b.g. solly and morrie wait in the car . maria the senior dance be two Saturday from now . I would like it if you could escort I . pk Maria marais with a rooinek at the senior dance ? what will people think ? maria they will think what they think and I will think what I think . pk and what be that ? Maria touch he face . her eye soften . maria I think I love you . pk swallow hard . they kiss and embrace . pk caress she face . pk I would be honore to be you escort . Maria beam . maria I do not doubt it for a minute . solly honk the horn . pk kiss Maria once more . pk I will give you a boost . pk stirrup he hand . Maria boost up to the first branch of the tree . she crest the wall . maria thank you for tonight . you be great . she smile and drop down behind the wall . pk run back 85 . toward the car . CUT to : 112 ext . prince of wale school - dawn 112 solly 's car pull up opposite the gate . CUT to : 113 int . car 113 morrie be sleep in the back seat . solly and pk be sit in the front . solly when you and you manager first come to I with that meshuganah idea to be welterweight champion of the world you do not have a big believer here . but I gotta tell you . now you do . in London life benny rosen , the great trainer in the world today . when you go to you Oxford I give you a letter to rosen . whatever I can not do for you , he can . pk thanks , Mr. G. solly poke morrie awake . solly and I give the address of a very good bookmaker . teach you also a thing or two . now , go on back to be fancy - schmancy English gentleman . I be proud of both of you . pk and morrie exit the car and run back to the school . 114 ext . campus 114 as pk and morrie jog toward they dorm a voice stop they from behind . ST . JOHN ( v.o ) gentlemen . pk and morrie stop cold . they turn to St. John , up early 86 . for he daily constitutional . morrie you be up early , sir . ST . JOHN best time for walk . pk best time for run too , sir . morrie have to put in the roadwork , sir . you know , keep that leg strong . St. John eye the bruise on pk 's cheek . ST . JOHN yes . quite a fresh bruise there . pk I trip . ST . JOHN maybe you should change you footwear . he look down at they shoe . both boy be wear pro - per shoe ; not at all what would be wear for roadwork . ST . JOHN to something a little more appropriate for ... ( beat ) roadwork . busted , the boy squirm uncomfortably . both yes , sir . St. John fix they with a look , and then walk off . the boy bolt into the dorm . CUT to : 115 int . pk' room 115 pk and morrie open the door and stop cold . gideon mandoma sit in a chair face the door . he rise . mandoma please excuse I for come like a thief by the window . 87 . pk you speak English ? pk be surprised . mandoma nod . pk you be a great fighter , gideon . mandoma second great in this room . pk but you do not come to talk about fight . mandoma shake he head . he wait for a moment , then begin . mandoma when you say to I , onoshobishobi ingelosi mean nothing , you be right . and you be wrong . the legend give the people hope for a good tomorrow . but hope alone will not make a good tomorrow for the people . you can not write we letter , get we clothes , food , work . this thing we must do ourselves , so we can be part of this country 's good tomorrow . if we be not , the hope will disappear . the people will grow tired . the tired will grow angry and there will be no good tomorrow for anybody -- black or white . pk what be you ask from I ? mandoma to be part of something you must know what everyone else know . we have we own knowledge . we need yours . morrie we get we knowledge in school , gideon . we be not bear with it . mandoma then it must be the same with we . morrie you have school . 88. mandoma yes . and teacher who cannot do more than they own ABC 's . we have a system make not to teach we . pk ( anxious ) I be only seventeen year old , gideon . I can not teach five million people how to speak English and do sum . mandoma you teach the sing to thousand at barberton prison . you be only twelve . mandoma rise . mandoma ( cont 'd ) you be a great fighter , pk . pk second great in this room , gideon . mandoma exit through the window . CUT to : 116 int . ST . john' study 116 pk stand in front of a ponder St. John . ST . JOHN you be ask I for a lot , young man . pk I be only ask you to put what you have teach we into practice , sir . ST . JOHN you be ask I to put the reputation of this school in jeopardy . pk the reputation of this school , sir , be base on its integrity . 89 . ST . JOHN I be aware of that . I be also aware of what will happen if this ever get out . we live in a country where the rule be be rewritten . pk then we would better be careful to keep a firm hand on we pen ... ( beat ) ... sir . St. John regards pk . ST . JOHN all right . I will allow it on a trial basis . here be my condition : you tell no one ; you operate at night on Saturday when the student body be go ; you involve no one besides yourself and Mr. levy . if you can comply , you can have you school . CUT to : 117 ext . beach - late afternoon 117 Maria and pk be about to race . Maria be give a head start of ten yard . maria ready . set. go! they both take off . Maria run as hard as she can . pk catch up to she . she strain with the effort . pk cross the finish line first . Maria trip and fall , roll in the sand . pk come back to she . he kneel down . pk you okay ? maria you be suppose to let I win . pk then you would say I be be condescending . maria you be guilty of that when you give I a head start . 90 . she kiss he and stand up . they begin to walk along the beach . maria get you formal yet ? pk grow uncomfortable . pk uh ... no . maria the dance be only a week away . pk Maria ... ( beat ) I can not come to the dance . maria ( shocked ) why not ? pk I have a obligation . maria can not you change it ? pk it 's a permanent obligation . every Saturday night ... ( beat ) it start tonight . Maria can not believe what she be hearing . maria you be break up with I . pk no. maria then what could be so important that it take all you Saturday night ? pk I really can not say . Maria start to cry . she throw she arm around he . maria 91 . p.k. , I love you . please do not go away . pk I be not go away . maria yes you be . I can feel it . pk I be not . I be just tutoring . Maria pull back . pk I start a school ... ( beat ) ... for gideon mandoma and some other in the senior library . Maria 's sadness turn to anger . maria I be lose you to a bunch of kaffir ? pk you be not lose anything . maria no ? be you escort I to the dance ? be you go to see I on the only free night they give we ? pk Maria , this be important to I . maria and my life 's important to I . damn you . she run off in tear . a pain pk do not attempt to go after she . fade to . 118 ext . cliff face 118 on a escarpment high above the dense green rainforest cover , pk and Doc move along the sheer cliff face with photographic equipment and rucksack . pk notice Doc 's labor breathe and slow movement . they reach some small cacti grow out of the side of 92 . the cliff in full bloom . doc ( breathe hard ) ach . you see how beautiful ? pk you ever hear of glycerine , Doc ? doc Mr. going-to-oxford -smarty - pant . of course I know about glycerine . triglycerine . biglycerine . monoglycerine . what do you want to know ? pk why you do not use it . it 's only a little pill under the tongue . doc tongues be not make to put little pill under . when I have to start with that , I become something else . pk well , until you become something else , the little pill would make this easier on you heart . a clap of thunder cut into they conversation . thick roiling rain cloud appear suddenly . doc Little pill or no little pill -- we do not find cover , we both turn into something else . lightn split the sky . rain begin to fall , pelting the escarpment . doc look for a cave . always in this kind of rock there be cave . Quick ! Quick ! pk start to move horizontally across the cliff face like a spider on a wall . Doc follow . the rain become torrential . pk turn to look back at doc. doc do not look at I . go ! 93. pk forges ahead . 119 he Pov - open 119 some 20 yard ahead . 120 back to scene 120 pk I have find something . the rain be so heavy pk can barely make out Doc behind he . when he can , he see the old man pause , breathe hard . pk make he way back to doc. halfway there , Doc wave he forward and start to move . pk reach the small open and slip in . CUT to : 121 int . SMALL cave 121 pk stoops in the small cave , drip wet . a moment later Doc 's foot appear at the entrance . pk help he in . Doc slump down , exhaust . pk you okay ? breathe too hard to reply , Doc shake he head in the affirmative . pk look out at the rain form a sheer wall of water outside . he turn to Doc , who be get up , flashlight in hand . pk what be you do ? doc explore . pk why do not you just rest ? doc plenty time for rest when I be something else . look . he strike a match . a wind from inside the cave blow it side to side . doc when do a cave have wind ? this 94 . be more than some little cave , my friend . Doc crouch down and follow the beam of he flashlight to the rear of the cave where there be a small open . he shine the light into it . doc here . see ? there be a passage . before pk can say anything else , Doc have wriggle through the small open . pk , a bit peeve , take he own flashlight and follow . CUT to : 122 int . SMALL tunnel 122 pk crawl after Doc , make he way through the small tunnel on he stomach . doc you know the pyramid be nothing more than man 's attempt to recreate the first safe home we species have -- the cave . it be the ultimate safe rest place . the first place man could lay down and have a good night 's sleep without worry about waking up as something 's supper . Doc stop crawl . so do pk . a dripping can be hear . doc you hear that ? there be something wait for we . Doc start move quick . pk let 's hope it 's not hungry . Doc squeeze out of the small space . pk join he in a slightly larger tunnel , the same size as the first one -- stoop height . doc better , ja ? pk what 's that smell ? 95 . all of a sudden there be a rustling noise . pk what 's that ? Doc recognize the sound . he pounce on pk , knock he to the floor and cover he with he body . not a moment too soon . for a thousand bat fill the tunnel fly through . 123 pk' Pov - bat 123 fly wildly through the flashlight beam . in a blur , the bat be go , disappear into another tunnel entrance to the leave . 124 back to scene 124 Doc a pk rise slowly . the silence of the cave be punctuate by the dripping . pk maybe it 's stop raining . doc who can think about rain when you be on the edge of the great unknown cave . pk you do not know that . doc the bat do not come from a shoebox , Mr. know - it - all . Doc head off . doc sometimes I think maybe send you off to that fancy - shmancy school be not such a good idea . pk it be you idea . you 'e the one who push for I to go . doc ja . but who know they do such a good job of box up part of 96 . you brain . pk which part be that ? doc the one where be all the question . the curiosity center . look . ahead in the tunnel be a luminous glow , fill a entrance . doc do I tell you ? Doc and pk hurry on . 125 there Pov - tunnel open 125 as they come to a tunnel open : a large cave , perhaps 200 foot wide by 100 foot high , fill with stalactite and stalagmite compose of pure , crystallize calcium carbonate . doc Wunderbar . the whole chamber glisten with a eerie phosphorescence . toward one end of the crystallize room eight stalagmite grow up from the floor cement to form a huge crystal slab some ten foot off the floor . a buttress of stalg - mite drip off it form a natural , if uneven , stairway . 126 back to scene 126 Doc and pk stare at the crystal cave in amazement . doc how many hundred of thousand of year to make this masterpiece ? everything outside can change , p.k . this remain the same . we be in the heart of Africa , p.k . the heart of Africa . Doc , in he own world of wonderment , wander down into the cave among the stalactite . pk follow , soon lose sight of Doc behind the large crystal column . doc ( o.s. ) you know , if a person stay here for 100,000 year what would be 97 . leave ? Crystal . like a crystal mummy . incredible , ja ? pk ( to himself ) incredible . Doc 's preoccupation with death irk he . he study a piece of crystal . pk I wish we have bring the camera . think there 's enough light to shoot ? Doc do not answer . pk Doc ? his concern rise . he move through the maze of crystal , he pace quicken . pk Doc ? still no answer . his vision obscure , pk reach the elevate slab . he clamber up the buttress for a better view . when he reach the top he stop cold . 127 he Pov - doc 127 lie on the crystal slab , eye close , hand fold on he chest . pk this be not funny . Doc open he eye . doc this be incredible ! the crystal . you can feel the life go right through you . here . Doc rise . doc come try it . 128 wider angle 128 98 . pk ( short ) no . that 's all right . can we go ? doc we have only just get here . what 's the matter , p.k .? pk all day long you have be talk about become something else , about die . you never talk about die before . doc I be 87 next month . it 's natural . pk not to a sixteen - year - old it 's not . it 's painful . Doc realize what pk be say . doc you be right . I be sorry . sixteen - year-old ear should only hear life . Doc start to whistle " the Marriage of figaro " by mozart . the resonance of the whistling off the crystal sound beautiful , exotic . Doc beckon pk to join in with he . pk do so , hesitantly . then pleased with the sound and the feel , more fully . Doc and pk exit through the stalactite , whistling . CUT to : 129 int . doc be house - night 129 pk and a very exhaust Doc enter . Doc sit down heavily on the bed while pk , shrugging off he rucksack , head right for the small kitchen area . pk I will just set you up with some coffee here , so in the morning you will not have to bother make it . he begin to prepare the coffee . pk I do not mean to tell you what 99 . you can and can not talk about back in the cave today . I guess I just do not like to think of you be ... ( beat ) pk ( cont 'd ) ... become ... ( beat ) ... something else . I know it 's natural law and it 's the way it be with everybody ... ( beat ) I just wish it be not with you . there be no reply . pk Doc ? pk turn to Doc , dead asleep , still sit up . pk go over and gently lay the old man down . he remove he boot and throw a blanket over he . pk blow out the kerosene lamp and go to exit . he be about to hang they two rucksack on two hook by the door when Doc 's voice turn he . doc p.k.? pk I be here , Doc . doc the crystal cave will be we secret , ja ? pk whatever you say . doc promise . pk I promise . doc ja. good . I rest a little . ( beat ) the heart of Africa , p.k . Doc lay down . doc the heart . 100 . he be asleep when he head hit the pillow . pk watch Doc 's chest , wash in moonlight , rise and fall lightly . a sudden sadness fall over he . the corner of he mouth turn up in a bittersweet smile . he finish hang the rucksack and exit . CUT to : 130 ext . prince of wale back gate - night 130 pk and morrie stick close in the shadow . pk look at he watch and then twenty foot away to the lock gate . morrie Christ ! if someone would have tell I this be where I would be on a Saturday night , last term of my senior year , I would call they batty . ( beat ) you know , you be go to owe I for the rest of you life on this one . pk that all ? I figure you would hold I to it longer . morrie you get the insider friend 's rate . pk thanks , mate . a black groundskeeper come walk along , seemingly on he duty . pk poke morrie . 131 there Pov - groundskeeper 131 walk up to the gate . he look leave and right , then quickly unlock it . he walk away . 132 back to scene 132 pk and morrie advance . pk open the gate . as he do , 101 . gideon mandoma , follow by 15 man and 5 woman , enter . mandoma I see you , p.k. pk I see you , gideon . morrie let 's get inside before the whole bloody world see we . mandoma morrie . he clasp morrie 's hand , first in a traditional hand - shake , then in a African handshake . mandoma smile . mandoma you some great friend . morrie be take by he sincerity . pk let 's go . stay to the fence . the group move out . CUT to : 133 int . library 133 the african be seat around desk , wait for morrie and pk to tell they what to do . pk all right , class . I know you do not understand a word I be say , but part of learn a language be hearing it speak . so -- I be p.k . he tap he chest . pk p.k. this ... ( tap morrie ) ... be morrie . now you all have a chalkboard . he hold up the chalkboard . pk chalk and a eraser . I will say 102 . the letter . you will say the letter . I will write the letter . you will write the letter . pk ( cont 'd ) morrie will check the letter . all right ? here we go . ' a ' ... ( in Zulu ) ... say it . ' a . ' all ' a . ' the door to the library suddenly open . everyone freeze . Maria enter the room . pk be stunne . pk Excuse I . pk hurry over to Maria . not a word need to be speak . her presence say everything . maria I think you might need some help . or I can just sit and watch . pk hand she the chalk . pk class . this be Maria . she be now the teacher . ( to Maria ) we be do alphabet , from the letter ' a . ' pk take up he position with morrie , ready to check the chalkboard . Maria take the front of the class . 134 her Pov - black face 134 before she , watch intensely . 135 back to scene 135 she battle the butterfly in she stomach as she write a " a " on the blackboard . she clear she throat . maria ' a . ' no one say anything . Maria look a little lose . 103 . pk ( in Zulu ) repeat what she say . ( to Maria ) say it again . maria ' a . ' all ' a . ' she write it on the blackboard again . pk and morrie trade a look and a smile . maria ' A. ' write ' a . ' she mime to the chalkboard . all the african obey . pk look up from check the student . Maria 's eye be twinkle . CUT to : 136 ext . school gate 136 the african be exite . Maria , morrie and pk stand , receive they heartfelt thanks one by one . mandoma be the last to leave . mandoma ( to Maria ) you be one brave boer , miss Maria . maria thank you . mandoma and you be one lucky English . he kid pk . pk blushes . pk good night , gideon . he playfully push gideon out the gate and close it . he turn to Maria and morrie . morrie well , I think I will go ... um ... lay on my back and count the crack in the ceiling . ' night . Nice to see you , Maria . 104 . maria good night , morrie . morrie run off . pk take Maria around . pk I be one lucky English . they embrace and kiss . maria p.k. can I ask you a favor ? pk anything . maria we do not have to go in or anything . you can hear the music from outside . I would love to have one dance with you before I graduate . pk done . maria I feel so good . Race you to the gate . pk you need a headstart ? maria no . she take off . pk follow . 137 someone else's Pov 137 they disappear into the night . 138 angle on figure 138 in the shadow , watch they run off . CUT to : 139 int . school gym 139 105 . pk be work on a speed bag . morrie come run in with two open letter in hand . morrie we make it ! we make it ! he thrust one of the letter at pk . morrie sorry . I could not bear the suspense after I read mine . I have to open it . pk look at he letter . morrie Three month and we be out of here . pk you be out of here . morrie what the hell be you talk about ? he snatch pk 's letter . morrie ( read ) ' dear sir . it be we pleasure to inform you that you have be accept to matriculate at trinity College , Oxford , ' etc. , etc. , etc. pk it say nothing about the scholarship . morrie a technicality . another boy come over . boy St. John want to see you two in he study . morrie good news travel fast . pk I will get shower and change . 106 . boy he say to come as you be . immediately . the Boy run off , leave pk and morrie wonder . CUT to : 140 int . ST . john' study 140 pk and morrie enter to a somber St. John . pk want to see we , sir ? ST . JOHN yes. come in . Close the door . as the door close , brigadier johanne bretyn , a quiet but formidable man , come into they line of vision . trouble be in the air . ST . JOHN this be brigadier bretyn from the police department . bretyn just nod he head . ST . JOHN he have come to deliver , in person , a order to close the Saturday school . pk why ? bretyn because it be illegal . morrie we be only teach they how to read and do sum . bretyn you do not have certification to do that . pk Prince of Wale be a certified school . bretyn yes . but not certified for that 107 . sort of thing . pk can he do this , sir ? bretyn of course I can do it . would I be here if I could not ? come now meneer headmaster . let 's end this now . I have a full day ahead of I still . St. John meet bretyn 's steely eye . he can not hold the man 's gaze . ST . JOHN ( resign ) the Saturday school be to be disband until further notice . bretyn thank you , meneer headmaster . you cooperation in this matter be very appreciate . good day . bretyn go to exit . pk you know it can not go on like this forever . St. John tense . bretyn what can not ? pk what you be do . bretyn I be just do my job . and if you will take some advice , you should just do yours . bretyn exit . morrie be that really the end of it , sir ? ST . JOHN for the moment I be afraid it be . pk if we let they get away with it on we own grounds , it will never 108. change . it will just get worse . ST . JOHN History dispute you . pk History take too long . ST . JOHN yes it do . but it be never kind to that who try to hurry it . pk I feel we should resist , sir . ST . JOHN so do I , p.k . but this be not a subtle government . they mean to have they way and damn the consequence . and I can not jeopardize this school , no matter how I personally feel . I be sorry . ( beat ) I hear you be accept at Oxford . morrie yes , sir . received notification today . ST . JOHN well , congratulation . morrie thank you , sir . St. John look at pk who remain silent . ST . JOHN to both of you . pk ( tight ) thank you , sir . a uncomfortable silence linger . ST. JOHN we will talk before you go . pk yes , sir . will that be all ? ST . JOHN that will be all . 109 . pk turn immediately and exit . morrie and St. John trade a uncomfortable look . CUT to : 141 int . hallway 141 pk walk down the hall , anger building in he face . he exit the hall . CUT to : 142 ext . devillier school 142 pk come up to the main gate . a guard stop he . pk I would like to see Maria marais please . the Guard check he list . guard sorry . she 's not allow visitor . pk well , if I could just talk to she . guard sorry . pk back away and move off down the street . he turn the corner . 143 he Pov - tree 143 he use to scale the wall be in the process of be cut down . CUT to : 144 int . pk' room - pre -dawn 144 morrie be asleep . pk wake he . pk morrie . morrie . morrie what ? 110 . pk I want to show you something . morrie what time be it ? he look at he watch and turn over . morrie can I see it later ? pk no. come on . he pull morrie out of bed . morrie groggily start pull he clothes on . morrie you know , when we get to Oxford -- separate room . pk will you hurry . morrie be there some girl out there wait for I ? pk yeah . stun . breast like casabas . just wait for you . morrie bullshit . pk throw a jersey into he chest and pull he out of the room . CUT to : 145 ext . prince of wale campus 145 the campus be swaddle in early morning fog . pk and morrie stand on the side of the school chapel while a black groundsman open the door to the basement . pk what do you think ? morrie I think you be fool yourself into think the bastard will not 111 . come after we in here . the groundskeeper open the door to the basement . the boy enter . CUT to : 146 int . basement 146 pk switch on a light switch to a cavernous space cluttere with old desk , blackboard and church pews . pk this be a church . do not you ever hear of the Christian concept of sanctuary ? morrie yes . but I be not the one who have to respect it . pk even the boer have limit , morrie . morrie I be sure he do , but I would still like to see a big bolt on the inside door . caretaker Mr. levy ? the caretaker pull a large deadbolt out of he pocket , with a smile . CUT to : 147 int . solly gym 147 mandoma and pk , both with protective equipment on , square off . solly now move it nice and easy , the both of you . time . pk and mandoma circle . mandoma throw a jab . pk they want we to close the school . pk counter . 112 . mandoma I know . mandoma lay in a combination . pk we be still game . pk throw a combination . mandoma so be we . solly would you two find some other time to chat . this be a box ring , not a social club . mandoma and pk start box in earnest , both smile . CUT to : 148 ext . devillier school - night 148 a watchman make he round . he pass by Maria 's window . when he be go , pk appear from behind a tree . he tap on the window . Maria come to the window and see he . her face light up . she open the window . pk ( cool ) I be in the neighborhood . Maria put she finger to she lip and wave he in . pk climb through the window . CUT to : 149 int . room 149 Maria point to the door . she put a record on she phonograph . she turn to pk and embrace he fiercely , hold on tight . maria ( whisper ) they be send I away to school in pretoria . I tell my father I would not go . he say if I do not he would see they arrest you and ruin you chance . I could not let he do that . 113 . 150 angle on pk' pained face 150 as he hold Maria . pk when do you go ? maria next week . ( beat ) I want to make love to you , p.k. pk 's eye fill with she word . she release he . they look at each other . maria I do . pk lean forward and kiss she , awkward , as if for the first time . as they lip part , they breath shorten . Maria move forward slowly , lift pk 's hand to she breast . he touch it . the heat build . Passion overwhelm they . they begin to make love . CUT to : 151 int . room - later 151 Maria sleep peacefully in pk 's arm on she small bed . pk lie awake , stare at the ceiling . he rise quietly so as not to wake she . he pull on he clothes , gently brushes a wisp of hair away from she eye , kiss she forehead , and exit through the window into the break dawn . CUT to : 152 ext . school ground - night 152 pk and morrie stand by a side gate near the athletic field look alertly about . the gate open . the african lead by mandoma come through . pk and morrie greet they . when they be all through morrie close the gate and run after they . CUT to : 153 ext . athletic field - stand 153 a man with a walkie-talkie sit in the shadow , watch 25 people run across the athletic field . he talk into he walkie-talkie . 114 . CUT to : 154 int . chapel basement 154 the light switch be on . the four light above the center of the room illuminate a classroom area -- desk set up in neat row with stool , a blackboard . the other furniture have be pile high against the wall on either side of the room where the light do not reach . pk if you will all be seat we can begin . the african head toward they desk . pk turn to morrie . pk so far so good . morrie 's response be to throw the new deadbolt into its slot with a skeptical eye . pk take he place at the head of the class . pk I want to thank you all for have the courage to come tonight . ( in Zulu ) thank you . all ( in Zulu ) you be welcome . pk I will be teach the first part of class tonight and Mr. levy will teach the second . a woman whisper something to mandoma . mandoma raise he hand . pk gideon ? mandoma miss marais . will she not be come ? pk not anymore . 115 . this cause a flurry among the woman . pk write on the blackboard the word " see . " pk see. he say the word in Zulu . pk I see . you see . we see . he move he hand , elicite response . all I see . you see . we see . pk hold up a book with a picture of a boy . pk Boy . all Boy . pk I see the boy . all I see the boy . pk hold up another picture . pk girl . I see the girl . all I see the girl . there be a knock on the door . everyone freeze . maria p.k. , it 's I . morrie pull the bolt , open and shutting the door quickly . pk and Maria look at each other . maria I want to say goodbye to my student ... ( beat ) ... and to you . 116 . the four woman in the class speak in unison . women we see the girl . Maria smile , surprised . the moment be shortlive as a SOUND from behind the pews in the rear of the room turn everyone . in the shadow , rise from behind the pile of furniture against the two opposite wall , stand 20 policeman with long menace riot stick . bretyn step into the light . mandoma give a command and the african form a phalanx around the woman . bretyn once warn . twice punish . pk you be violate the sanctity of the church . bretyn no . you be with you damned race mixing idea , rooinek . 155 angle on morrie 155 by the door , slowly slip the bolt lock , try to remain innocuous while do so . pk see he and trade a look with mandoma , who also see what morrie be do . pk at least let the woman go . bretyn you want everything to be equal , little boetie . why not man and woman too ? just then morrie throw the bolt . morrie now ! he go to charge out the door , but to he chagrin the door do not open , lock from the outside . 117 . bretyn smile cruelly . bretyn lock keep people out but they also keep they in . he have walk right up to morrie , not take he eye off morrie 's for a moment . morrie meet he gaze evenly . the moment be break as bretyn 's baton slam into morrie 's stomach , drop he to this knee . bretyn get up , you bloody commie Jew ! he bang morrie hard in the jaw , knock he out cold . bretyn Captain . the two police line start to move towards each other , sandwich the african , pk and Maria . mandoma give a order . the black pick up anything they can to face the inevitable -- stool , chair , a flagpole . pk no. wait . we will leave . bretyn too late . you never should have come . at the ready . the two police line tense to charge forward . the black brace to defend . pk no! stop ! bretyn now . the police charge from both end of the room , yell , club hold high . the african respond with they own war cry and engage the club-swing police . a policeman swing at pk who duck and bury a hook into the man 's rib follow by another to he jaw . the man go down . 156 pk' Pov 156 118 . morrie have rise to take a policeman out with a stool over he head . two other police beat morrie from behind . he go down once again under they brutal club . 157 back to scene 157 pk turn just as another club come for he head . he slip past the blow and punch out he assailant with a lightning combination . as the man fall another cop charge from behind . maria pk ! pk turn off-balance . Maria leap . the club cut through the air . Maria be catch flush on the forehead as she come between pk and the club . she fall to the floor dead . pk swing a stool with all he might , break the cop 's face open . pk Maria ! pk drop to the fall girl 's side . he be frantic at the sight of she gape bloody wound and the sight of she open blank eye . the battle raging around he recede before he pain and rise rage . all at once he explode , scream like a madman . he leap at bretyn and bang one punch after another into the startle man . bretyn 's face be break over and over against pk 's fist . still pk keep pound blow after blow into the fall man . Three cop descend on pk and beat he mercilessly until he drop to the floor , unconscious . mandoma be hit hard and go down . the few african leave fight go down before the wither assault of club , fist , and boot . 158 ext . cemetery - day 158 Maria 's funeral . hundred of afrikaaner be gather . Daniel marais and he wife stand by the open grave , grieve , as the minister read the final prayer . 119 . the coffin be lower . Daniel marais step forward and shovel the first dirt down after it . as marais look up he see pk stand behind the mourner , 20 yard off . his anger replace grief . marais advance towards pk , clutching the shovel as a weapon . several men restrain he . men Daniel . no. marais glare at pk . all of a sudden a thousand African voice cut through the air , singing song of mourn . CUT to : 159 ext . cemetery wall 159 thousands of african and a smatter of white have gather outside the cemetery . the sing rise from they . gideon , morrie , St. John and solly stand in front of the crowd . CUT to : 160 ext . cemetery 160 marais glare at pk , tear of rage in he eye . pk stand he ground . marais turn away , back to he daughter 's grave . pk stand , tear stream down he cheek , as the singing engulf the scene . 161 int . pk' room - day 161 pk sit at he desk fill out application form . morrie enter . he pick one up off the desk and look at it . morrie 120 . ( surprised ) you be apply to South African university ? pk in case the scholarship do not come through . morrie why be you so bloody stubborn ? you do not belong in a South African university any more than I belong in the priesthood . will you take my father 's loan ? pk take the application back just as a telegraph delivery boy come to the door . boy there a Mr. p.k. here ? morrie it 's you scholarship . morrie grab the telegram . boy sign here . odd name -- p.k. morrie what 's you name ? boy waldo . morrie you be not one to talk about name . morrie scribbles he signature and proceed to open the telegram . pk snatch it away from he . he pull the telegram out . his face fall to worry . morrie what 's it say ? pk Doc 's miss . CUT to : 162 int . doc' house 162 121 . pk walk through the small house follow by commandant von Zyl . nothing be out of place . von zyl since he pneumonia last year I have have one of the man drop by once a week to see if he need anything . of course you know the professor . he never do . pk look out at the cactus garden , water now by drip irrigation . von zyl at the beginning of the week he be not home so I decide to drop by myself . wait a whole day here . when he do not come back I send search party . after three day I send the telegram . Seven day be a long time for he to be go . do you have any idea where he go ? pk look at the peg where the rucksack hang . there be only one hang . CUT to : 163 ext . jungle floor 163 pk hike along , watch the trail . his eye spot something . he kneel over the remain of a small campsite . pk touch the ash . his eye rise to the escarpment soar above the jungle floor . CUT to : 164 ext . escarpment cliff face 164 pk climb along the cliff face . he drop down into the entrance to the crystal cave . CUT to : 165 int . crystal cave 165 pk stand at the bottom of the crystal slab almost dread what he will find . he resolutely climb the stalagmite to reach the top . pk 's eye level shift from below the slab to even with it , then to above it . as he sight rise Doc 's corpse come into view -- 122 . laid out , serene hand clasped on he chest . from above the stalactite drip onto he body ever so slowly , turn he , molecule by molecule , into crystal . pk stand off to one side . 166 he Pov 166 a small metal box by Doc 's foot . 167 back to scene 167 pk pick it up and open it . Inside be a letter . pk unfold it , and with tremble hand read : doc ( v.o. ) so Mr. schmartypant . it do not take you so long to figure out what happen . I hope you forgive I for not say goodbye , but I do not think it would be necessary between we . what could I say you do not already know . ( more ) doc ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) that I love you with all my heart ? that you have give I more in we ten year of friendship than three lifetime could fill ? that the last thought I have before become something else will be of music , cactus , and you ? you know all this . pk turn the sheet to page two which be a whole side of music . doc ( v.o. ) last night this music come into my head . it be my music for Africa . my music for you . so go . be welterweight champion of the world . be a writer . a great writer . remember -- the only thing between a dream and a reality be you . until we meet again , you friend , doc. pk look down at Doc as a piano concerto , beautiful , haunt , begins to play . 123 . fade to : 168 int . doc be house - night 168 pk play the music Doc write with only the moonlight illuminate the page . the music be soul-stirring , rich , evocative . tear run down pk 's cheek . pan from pk through the cactus garden to the full moon illuminate the African veldt as the music dominate and then fade into the night . CUT to : 169 ext . johannesburg train station - dawn 169 the overnight train pull in . pk disembark . 170 he Pov - station clock 170 read 6:30 . pk exit the station . CUT to : 171 ext . goldman' gym 171 pk come down the street . a police car sit in front of the gym . the two cop inside eye pk . he eye they back and enter the building . CUT to : 172 int . gym 172 the gym be empty . pk enter and be stop by the uncustomary silence . pk hello ? Mr. G ? anyone here ? solly ( o.s. ) in here . pk head for the office . he find solly pack up he memento from the cluttere office . pk Mr. Goldman , why be not anybody 124 . training ? what 's go on ? solly a repeat performance of history , my boy . solly Goldman 's be deport . of course last time I do not have the luxury of be able to pack . pk for what reason ? solly they reason be that I be here illegal . I do not enter the country with a passport . like the czar be issue passport to Russian Jews in 1910 . pk this be because of I , be not it ? solly no , boychick . this be because of they . they be the problem , not you . do not ever think different . you look tired . want a glass tea ? pk no , no . I have to get back to school . solly open he arm . pk hug he . solly you get you head screw on right . do not let this meshuganahs screw it on wrong . now go on . you want to find I , look at benny rosen 's gym in East end , London . pk thank you for everything . solly we be not finish yet . pk smile and exit . solly wait for a moment , then go back to pack . CUT to : 125 . 173 ext . prince of wale school - morning 173 pk come up to the school gate . he notice two plain - clothes police car just across the road . pk enter with a grow sense of uneasiness . CUT to : 174 int . pk' dorm 174 pk hurry down the hall to he room . he open the door to Daniel marais , sit at he desk , read from he fiction - fill notebook . marais you be a very good writer . the subject matter be a little inflammatory but the style be interesting . pk what be you do here ? marais I come to inform you that you will not be receive aid from the National Scholarship Fund . neither will you be admit to any of the South African university . here be you application back . he hand pk the application as he rise . marais I tell you when you come to my house . I be first a member of my tribe and I will defend it any way I know how . he and pk glare at each other , implacable enemy . marais exit . pk look out he window , think . 175 he Pov - marais 175 walk off across the campus . morrie ( o.s. ) they do not want you here any more than they want I . 126 . 176 back to scene 176 pk turn . morrie take the hint . screw the scholarship . come on . let 's leave . pk if I leave or if I stay in South Africa it 's because I choose to , not because they choose for I . he take a small handbag , throw a few book into it and Doc 's picture . he pick up he notebook and pack that too . he go to exit . morrie where be you go ? pk save my place at Oxford . pk exit the room . morrie chase after he . morrie p.k. , goddammit ! he grab pk , stop he . pk save my place . morrie 's grip release . pk walk out . fade to : 177 ext . copper mine - day 177 hundred upon hundred of black laborer and white mine worker descend into the mine . a milling mass of disenfranchise humanity come to work the underground hell of the copper mine . pk exit the management shack and walk through the crowd . pk ( v.o. ) dear morrie . here be how it work . 127 . the copper of the mine in Northern rhodesia be mine below ground . all day a behemoth of a man , a diamond driller , work a stope which be like the top of a funnel . CUT to : 178 int . stope 178 a huge diamond driller at work drilling and blast in the stope . pk ( v.o. ) setting charge and drilling the rock . the only way for the raw ore he take from the side of the stope to get to the haulage below be to pass through the spout of a funnel and out the steel door at the bottom -- sixty foot down . CUT to : 179 trapped door at bottom of funnel 179 open , as the haulage cart fill with ore and move away on the track in the tunnel below . pk ( v.o. ) halfway down the spout area be a set of six tungsten steel bar call a grizzly which catch all the rock too large to make it through the funnel mouth to safe haulage . 180 angle on grizzly 180 six bar with man work they . pk ( v.o. ) this be take care of by a grizzly , a explosive expert whose job it be to keep the ore flow , and since when the ore do not flow , neither do the money , work the grizzly be a very crucial and therefore very well - pay position . Three month ' 128. work earn a year 's stay at Oxford . yesterday , on receive my blast license from the School of mine , I sign on to work the bar for a year . CUT to : 181 int . miner be bar 181 a crude place where the bar run the back length of the room and the bare concrete surroundings offer nothing in the way of diversion from the main purpose of be there -- to drink hard and long . thomas , a harsh , ruddy - face welshman , the School of mine instructor , downs a drink , pour another and look up at pk . thomas be you crazy ? to sign on for a year ? pk you say I be the best you ever teach , sir . thomas and you be , boyo . the absolute best . thomas ( cont 'd ) but even the best do not survive a year on the bar . down in that damn tube the luck run out sooner than later . you may be a genius at read the rock but you be not no fuckin ' fortune teller . Thomas throw back another drink . pk you work grizzly a year . thomas and let I show you what I have to show for it to this day . he hold up he hand . it shake noticeably . thomas and that 's thirteen year after the fact , boyo . 129 . a noise from the doorway turn Thomas 's attention . he look over as four huge man enter , driller , man whose face and body be as hard and massive as the rock they work . one of the man pause at the door and grab he head as a enormous jolt of pain run through it . he shake it off and follow he friend to a table . Thomas look concerned . pk something wrong ? thomas ( unconvincing ) nothing . the bartender come over and put another shot in front of Thomas . bartender one double brandy . one ... ( derisive ) lemon soda . he put the lemon soda in front of pk . thomas come on , then . Thomas lift he glass . thomas on be the best damned blaster ever teach by Ian Thomas . cheer . Thomas and pk clink glass . Thomas knock he shot back . thomas another . the bartender pour another . thomas sure you do not want one ? pk I do not like the taste . thomas taste ? you do not drink for the taste . 130 . he hold out he hand . it be steady now . he fix pk with a portentous stare . Thomas look over at the table of driller . the man with the headache be down one shot after another . thomas Hell 's comin' . he draw pk 's attention to the driller . thomas driller . he 's get a powder pain from breathin ' too much of that damn gelignite . the pain 's bad enough . mix with a little alcohol it 's fuckin ' lethal . he watch the driller down two more shot of liquor . thomas come on . we be not get much time . Thomas direct pk towards the door . thomas the two most dangerous thing you will ever see in you life , boyo : a hangup of rock that will not blast free on first shot and a driller with a powder headache drinkin ' . as they reach the door the behemoth explode with a roar . he grab he head and stagger backwards ; a mad look come into he eye . his three huge frined rush to grab he . he throw they off as if they be ant . he rip a table out of its bolt to the concrete floor and fling it across the room . the man drink in the bar , all tough case , begin to flee . Thomas grab pk whose eye stare in amazement as the behemoth struggle against he three massive friend and pull he out of the bar . CUT to : 182 ext . miner' camp - twilight 182 pk be watch a rugby match be play at twilight . the player be a rough , brutal bunch and play they 131 . game accordingly . fights continually break out . off a play a fight break out . one of the man be kick unconscious . two of he teammate carry he off the field , dump he body unceremoniously like a sack of potato on the sideline . they run back as play resume . pk turn and walk back through the camp . CUT to : 183 ext . camp - night 183 a company - build miner 's camp . cement hut with steel door and corrugate roof . no shrubbery , only dust , cement , and the roughest - look bunch of man assemble on earth . pk ( v.o. ) dear morrie . to answer you question : yes -- sport be play here , but only in the loosest sense of the word " sport " and " play " . the rule be different for everything , in game as well as in the rest of we life . the manager , the foremen , the company people . they live apart from the miner . they have family . proper garden . Sunday dinner . the miner -- the crud , as we be call -- do not . this be a society of man , many of whom have past better leave behind . future do not apply . it be a society only in the loosest sense of the word . the law of survival be simple -- you either do or you do not . pk come down a side street . a half a dozen man at card , hard - face desperado , see he pass , eyeing he closely . pk avert he eye . from behind he back come the sound of lip puckering loudly , indecently . pk swallow hard . the sound of a charge turn he to the six man bolt from they card game after he , whooping with lascivious intent . pk take off . the chase take pk and he pursuer fly through the street of the camp , past one identical cement hut after another . people watch , disinterested . no one raise a hand to help . pk come racing around the corner to three of the man 132 . block the street in front of he . he whirl . the other catch up behind , yell and hoot . the two line advance . pk get ready . when the first man be close enough he hit he hard , break he jaw . he swing at another , catch he flush in the face . but then the rest be upon he . even though pk fight like hell , he be overwhelm . the blow come from everywhere , beat he to the ground . his arm and leg be firmly grab by four man . he be bang hard face down onto a concrete table . the fifth man pull down he pants and the sixth begin to undo he own fly . all the man scream obsceni - tie , anticipate the rape . pk struggle like hell to no avail . as he be about to be violate , a roaring giant of a man tear into the pack like a bear shredd dog . he scatter the man , knock some unconscious , send the rest to flight . he stand over pk , a loom block of granite with a wild black beard and coal - black eye . his intent only become clear as to whether he be claim a prize or help a friend when he offer pk he hand , lift pk effortlessly . he examine pk 's bruise face with some concern and then smile . pk you know , rasputin , I have they right where I want they . another minute they be do for . rasputin clap pk on the back and address he in Russian , to which pk respond with a smile . the two man walk off together . CUT to : 184 int . pk' hut - night 184 a tchaikovsky symphony play on a rickety old record player . pk work out on a speed bag and a heavy bag he have hang in the room while rasputin , the giant Russian , sit next to the record player , finish drink a bottle of brandy , tear run down he face as he fol - low the symphony . when he finish the bottle he take another one out of a case sit by he side and begin to drink anew . pk ( v.o. ) friendship be rare -- arise out of mutual need rather than 133 . any share interest . but they do exist and even flourish . except between the driller and they grizzly . no one want to get too close to the man who might be bury at night by what you drill loose in the day . CUT to : 185 ext . mine - night 185 pk inspect he nightly quota of gelignite charge and fuse . five african , all serious face , keep they eye firmly on pk . pk ( v.o. ) the african who come here look for work be drive by a different desperation -- drought , famine , locust . satisfied with the equipment , pk nod for the box to be close . elijah , he head man , close the box . pk ( v.o. ) they come and risk they life to send money back home to the family sit on the barren farm , starve , wait for death or rain . when the box be close the other five man in the crew lift they and follow pk out . CUT to : 186 int . mine elevator 186 the elevator descend into the mine . pk ( v.o. ) superstition run deep in they , so a good grizzly man attract a good crew . on the bar , the longer you live the luckier you be . and by association -- they be . 134 . CUT to : 187 int . tunnel 187 pk and he crew make they way through a narrow tunnel and come to the grizzly . it be dark . the only light come from the lamp attach to they helmet . boulder litter the bar . pk and elijah be onto the bar first . they light beam move along across the boulder . elijah baa . baa . pk turn to elijah . his lamp catch elijah 's face which be look upward . pk look up . his Pov in the narrow band of light : a bunch of rock big and small , pack into the funnel . his face grow dim . CUT to : 188 closeup on hangup of rock 188 five foot across a rock wall with stone of all size block up the funnel 's mouth . pk ( v.o. ) hangup be the worst of it . when the top of the funnel get block up and the ore will not flow . pk scale the sheer rock wall of the funnel , he shirt pack with explosive . pk ( v.o. ) the only way to unblock it be to set a charge to blow inward . and the only way to do that be to set the charge in mud , which mean climb up to the mouth of the stope and come face - to- face with the devil . pk reach the hangup . he work at take a prepare parcel of gelignite stick and jam they carefully into a crevice . as he do the hangup creak deeply , shifting , ominous . a few rock fall . pk freeze , hold he breath . CUT to : 135 . 189 the african 189 peek out of the safety shaft below , terrify . elijah remain on the grizzly bar , he light shine on pk . CUT to : 190 pk 190 hold very still , listen . pk ( v.o. ) sometimes the rock do not need the provocation of explosive . sometimes the earth shift ... ( beat ) a pebble move ... ( beat ) you talk too loud ... ( beat ) and in the moment before you be turn into something else by fifty ton of rock you understand why it be call grizzly . pk finish set the charge . he scale down the wall . a large rock be expell from the hangup and come bounce down the side to the funnel , just miss pk , crash through the bar below . pk freeze . elijah hold he breath . the crew in the safty tunnel quake . nothing happen . pk come down the rest of the way . he take the cordtex rope dangle from the bomb and insert a fuse . he nod to elijah . elijah light a cheesa stick . he hand the glow stick to pk . pk wave towards the tunnel . one of the african sound the warning whistle . two blast follow by two blast . pk nod for elijah to be off . elijah stand he ground . elijah I wait for you , baa . pk light the fuse . elijah take off like a scared rabbit for the safety of the shaft . pk be right on he tail . the fuse travel quickly toward the bomb . 136 . elijah trip . pk , come behind he , grab he by the collar and fling he into the safety tunnel , diving after he a second later , just as the bomb explode . a few rock come down , but nothing else . the african look at each other with real apprehension . pk rise from elijah and peek out . 191 he Pov - hangup 191 be still in place . pk study the hangup , step out onto the grizzly , listen , look . the hangup groan . the african be petrify at the mouth of the tunnel . pk stop midway on the bar . he study the hangup intently , then pick up a rock . choose a target he heave the rock with all he might toward the hangup and run like hell . the rock hit the hangup . pk spring off the grizzly , right into the african as the hangup thunder down . Dust and small rock fill the safety tunnel . when the avalanche have stop pk raise himself off the african . they be all cover in dust but smile and babbling , happy to be alive . pk peek out and up . he signal to elijah who hit the ll-clear whistle . Three blast . pk let 's clean she off and call it a night , hey ? happy , the african lift shovel and crowbar to clear the bar . as they pass pk they touch he reverentially as one would a icon . pk ( v.o. ) the african think the longer you survive the luckier you be . and the luckier you be the longer you survive . I know there 's something inherently wrong with they logic . still , I be beginning to see they point . especially with less than six month to go . CUT to : 137 . 192 int . pk' hut - night 192 pk and rasputin play a game of chess as tchaikovsky play in the background . there be a knock on the door . pk come in . jocko , the bookmaker , enter . jocko ay , man . if you would let he win once in a while we could take a little book on it here . pk he do not care if he win . he just like to play . jocko and you ? pk I like to win . jocko which be why I be about visit you . you have come on the board , man . there be odd on you make it or not . pk how be they ? jocko ( low ) not in you favor , my boy . pk why be you tell I this , jocko ? jocko when you come up on the board , boyo , it 's time to bow out . it 's a omen . pk I bow out you can not make book . jocko pk , it 's not a bet I want to collect . 138 . pk tell I , jocko , how high will the odd go on something like this ? jocko the short you time , the higher they go . with you probably ten , twelve , thirteen to one when you be short a month . pk when the odd hit the top put I in against all bet for two hundred quid . jocko I do not come here to solicit you bet . pk I know that . I appreciate it . but if you do not take it , someone else will . jocko all right . you be a bleery fool . and I will be prayin ' every night it 's the only bet I ever have to pay off on . pk and so will i. jocko rise to exit . jocko you should let he win once in a while . pk when he win it will not be because I let he . rasputin say something in Russian as he move a piece , excited to have take one of pk 's piece . pk turn and checkmate he . pk checkmate . rasputin laugh , speak in Russian , and start to set the board up again . jocko exit . 139 . CUT to : 193 int . mine elevator 193 the elevator descend into the shaft . pk and he crew exit . there be a low sound of a blast , muffle , that stop they all . pk do you hear a blast whistle ? elijah no , baa . then after a moment the vague sound of a drill leap through the rock . pk I never hear a drill at night . the african get nervous . they chatter to one another . pk it 's not a ghost . it 's just some driller try to squeeze extra pay . come on . pk move forward . the african follow he out of the elevator with reluctance . CUT to : 194 int . end of tunnel 194 pk step out onto the bar with elijah and examine the debris . elijah ( whisper ) baa . there be a tremor of fear in he voice . pk follow elijah 's face upwards to a hangup . pk not the first bloody thing ! elijah bad sign , baa . pk bad drilling 's more like it . come on . let 's get it go . 140 . elijah go back to fix the charge while pk study the hangup . he hear the african talk in the dark . when he light point on they they stop , turn they head away . elijah come back with the bomb . pk ( whisper ) what 's the matter with they ? elijah they say juju . bad magic be in the mine tonight . pk heed the warning , somberly . he take the bomb from elijah and start to climb the wall . track with pk as he make it up to the hangup . he quickly seal the bomb and drop the cordtex . CUT to : 195 elijah 195 on the bar , catch the rope . he be grow more nervous by the moment as he fasten the fuse . CUT to : 196 pk 196 make it down the side of the tunnel . the hangup shift . pk freeze . CUT to : 197 the african 197 peek out of the safety tunnel , scared . CUT to : 198 elijah 198 scared , but stand he ground . CUT to : 199 pk 199 141 . make it back onto the bar . he carefully make he way to elijah as the hangup send some pebble down . pk she 's play with we tonight . fuse set ? elijah nod . pk hold he hand out for the cheesa stick . elijah light the flare . he go to hand it to pk . pk notice elijah 's hand shaking . he see the fear in elijah 's eye . pk go on . elijah I stay with you , baa . pk that 's a order . elijah , release from he responsibility , retreat quickly . pk stand hold the flare , a little distract by elijah 's fear , wonder . elijah sound the blast whistle . pk one ... two ... three . a muffled blast come from the other side of the hangup deep in the stope . pk freeze , confuse , and then a second blast go off . the hangup start to give . and another blast . pk light he own fuse and run like hell over the bar toward the tunnel . the hangup , loosen by the explosion inside , give before pk 's bomb ignites . the rock be crash down . pk race the rock . the tunnel be within sight . the man yell for he to jump . pk be about to leap when a rock hit the bar , bounce up , and catch he in the stomach . he lose he balance and go over the side as the hangup come crash down . pk hit the wall of the lower funnel -- once , twice -- and then land in the soft stuff -- the shale flake , cushion the steel door below . 142 . 200 he Pov 200 against the wall of rock . a rock ledge carelessly leave when the funnel be originally build . pk roll under it . a moment later fifty ton of ore in large chunks and small chunks and dust come crash down , bury pk . he lay there , semiconscious , bury but alive . CUT to : 201 int . tunnel 201 the fall rock have stop . the funnel be full . the bar as well . elijah and the crew look out of the safety tunnel tremulously . elijah look up the stope . his light catch a man at the very top of the stope climb out . elijah pull the warning whistle . five blast over and over . CUT to : 202 int . haulage 202 Men hear the whistle and stop work . CUT to : 203 int . lasher 203 Men shovel ore stop shovel . CUT to : 204 int . tunnel 204 rasputin be timber with he crew , fitting huge timber into place , make new haulage , when he hear the whistle . rasputin pk ! he yell at he crew to grab the tool and he run off down the tunnel . CUT to : 143 . 205 int . pk' grizzly 205 a deep hole have be dig through the rock pile in the lower funnel . rock come up in a bucket and be carte off . timber be pass down . a crowd of miner , black and white , watch and help where they can . miner # 1 he 's dead . no doubt about it . miner # 2 you give I a fair odd on ten quid ? miner # 1 four to one . miner # 2 make it a sixer and you get I . miner # 1 you be on . miner # 2 anyone else ? six to one he 's dead . CUT to : 206 int . hole 206 rasputin work like a man possess , pile rock in the bucket to be pass up , shoring timber as they be pass down . CUT to : 207 int . bar 207 elijah be point up the stope to two mine manager as dozen more mill around , haul the rock out , try to help . two miner observe elijah and the manager . miner # 3 he say someone be up there . blasted it out on pk from the other side ? miner # 4 who 's the driller ? miner # 3 botha . 144 . miner # 4 no one drill botha 's stope but botha , and he only work day . the miner look at each other knowingly and return to work . CUT to : 208 int . shaft 208 rasputin , bloody , he hand rip apart by the stone , he chest tear by the rough timber , labor on , herculean . CUT to : 209 pk 209 bury . he hear movement above , faint but perceptible . pk ( strangle ) help . help . CUT to : 210 int . shaft 210 rasputin send another bucket up . he stand , he chest heaving . he hear something . he drop he ear to the floor . he hear the faintest SOUND . pk ( v.o. ) help . rasputin pk ! he start tear away at the rock , double he effort . rasputin pk ! pk ! CUT to : 211 pk 211 almost unconscious , hearing rasputin 's voice . he break into the smallest of smile and pass out . fade to : 212 int . hospital bed 212 145 . pk sit in the hospital bed , batter but otherwise in good shape . rasputin sit in a wheelchair by he bed - side , he hand and chest bandage , ponder the chess - board between they . jocko enter . jocko well , look at ya now , boyo . up and at them in no time . and rich as a fuckin ' lord . he toss a fat wad of cash on pk 's bed . pk what 's this ? jocko you ticket to ride . two hundred quid at fourteen to one . pk but I do not make it . I be a month short . jocko not accord to managment . they cashed you out at twelve month for eleven work . last thirty day be bonus . and until someone show I a calendar read different , twelve month and a year be one and the same kind of thing . and the bet be for a year . so get yourself mend and get you ass out of here . pk there 's someone I have to see first . jocko grow uncomfortable . jocko what do you want to go pressin ' it for ? you be rich , lad . you be whole . why do you want to go pressin ' it ? pk because I want to know . jocko know what ? that the man have 146 . blast so much gelignite he 's permanently derange in the attic ? that even the other driller leave the bar when the man drink , so craze do he get . all right . he try to kill you . but he do not . you be alive be all that matter . do we all a favor , boyo . get out of here . get on a train and do not come back . we have no like to be bury someone we be all so fond of . pk no worry . the luckier you be , the longer you last . the longer you last , the luckier you be . rasputin move a chesspiece and bellow . rasputin checkmate ! checkmate ! he be ecstatic , bubbling with he joy . laughter spring from he . jocko and pk trade a look . jocko there 's a end to everything , boyo . even luck . jocko exit . CUT to : 213 ext . hospital - day 213 pk walk to the seamy metal gate dress , heal . rasputin , he hand still bandage , walk alongside of he . rasputin be concerned . pk well I guess this be goodbye , my friend . I will never forget you . rasputin speak urgently in Russian . rasputin pk . botha . nyet , nyet . nyet , botha . pk do not respond . pk 147 . take care , my friend . he grasp rasputin 's bandage hand to shake it . rasputin take he around in a huge bear hug , smother he . pk survive , a bit rumple . he smile at rasputin and exit . as he walk away , rasputin pk . botha. nyet. nyet. pk . pk turn the corner and be go . CUT to : 214 ext . mining town 214 pk walk through the hut of the driller , massive to a man . most of they be come off shift . some of they rub they temple , try to soothe the pain of the powder . pk come to one hut . he knock . no answer . he knock again . a driller come by . driller who you lookin ' for ? pk botha . the driller from stope number five . driller he 's at the bar . pk thanks . driller I would not disturb he . there 's a reason he 's there and we be here . the driller enter he hut . pk absorb the warning . CUT to : 215 ext . miner' bar 215 the three bartender stand outside along with a dozen other customer . bartender # 1 pk . you be not go to go in , 148 . ja ? pk be botha the driller in there ? bartender # 2 ja. always we give he one hour alone before we open . you do not know this because you work at night , but it be the rule . fritz ja . in one hour it be pffft . he motion a man fall on he face . pk regards they for a moment and then enter the bar . CUT to : 216 int . bar 216 in the murky light one hulk figure sit at the bar , drink shot after shot of whiskey . pk enter and walk across the room to the massive man . pk be you botha ? botha do not turn around . botha ja. pk I be pk . I work you grizzly . botha ja. pk why would you try to kill I ? botha turn slowly to reveal he face , swollen with anger and drink . he tear the short sleeve off he leave arm , revealing a crudely tattooe swastika . botha because I miss the first time , rooinek . pk jaapie botha . 149 . botha rise drunkenly . pk back up . botha you remember , rooinek . pk botha . it be thirteen year ago . botha because of you they expell I . because of you my father beat I . threw I out from the farm . because of you . he throw back another drink and rush pk with a roar . pk sidestep and head for the door . botha get there first and bolt it . pk botha . we have make a lot of money work together . let the past be the past . botha you ruin the country , all you rooinek . you come and ruin the country . he rush pk again . again pk sidestep . pk no , jaapie botha . it 's hate ruin the country . botha jaah . he swing at pk . pk duck . pk boer hate . botha we country . at that moment the powder headache strike . botha bellow , grab he head staggering backward . pk run for the door . as he reach it a table slam against it , throw halfway across the room by a powder - mad botha . 150 . pk jump out of the way at the last minute . Men 's face begin to appear at the iron-meshed window . people start to bang at the door . pk , realize there be no talk to botha now , do he best to stay out of the charge giant 's way . botha charge he . pk sidestep and hit he with a leave hook . the punch have no effect . botha swing out wildly . pk easily dance away . botha pick up another table and heave it at pk . pk jump to avoid it , but trip on a overturn stool . he go down . the miner outside , crowd three deep , yell and shout . people start to make bet . botha charge pk as pk scramble up . botha swing . the blow glance off pk 's shoulder and send he fly , spin over a table . botha leap at pk , drive he into the wall . pk grimace , sagging . botha pick he up and start to squeeze he to death in he massive arm . pk , he hand free , start to pound on botha 's ear with he palm . botha scream as the powder head - ache accelerate through the top of he skull . he drop pk . pk roll away and swing a stool at botha 's midsection . botha be drive back . pk go to swing the stool again . botha catch it as if it be make of balsa . he rip it out of pk 's hand and fling it back at he , charge behind it . pk go topping end over end . botha get a hand on he and lift he from behind . he fling pk over the bar . pk hit the floor , stunne . botha pull at the bar try to get at pk . he rock the bar and rock the bar as pk be try to regain he bearing . finally , with one tremendous rip , the bar come away from its bolt . botha pull it aside . pk rise just as botha move in . pk hit he three solid shot to the stomach but botha hardly feel they . he grab pk and start to squeeze he again . face to face , botha 's craze eye watch the life fade from pk 's . 217 closeup 217 pk 's eye go blank . smash CUT to : 218 pk 218 151 . diving off a waterfall into the turbulent water below . smash CUT to : 219 botha 219 squeezing harder , break pk 's concentration . smash CUT to : 220 pk 220 swim , exhaust , climb on a rock , one more in front of he . he dive into the water again . smash CUT to : 221 back to scene 221 the crowd yell and scream as botha squeeze harder . odd be call out . blood start to trickle from pk 's mouth . voice # 1 ( v.o. ) he 's dead . he 's dead . smash CUT to : 222 pk 222 as he swim to the last stone . he reach it and struggle on top . he stand on the stone , trimphant . smash CUT to : 223 botha 223 squeezing again , bellow . pk open he eye , draw he head back , and butt botha in the face . botha 's nose shatter . the grip slacken a bit . pk hit he in the face again . botha drop pk to the floor as he scream at the unbelievable pain . blood pour from he nose . 224 pk 224 catch he breath and be on botha . he throw three hard punch to he face . enrage , botha howl and swing at pk . pk go underneath he arm and hook three time into the rib . botha grunt , hurt . he swing again with the other hand . 152 . smash CUT to : 225 int . prison boxing room - closeup - geel piet 225 geel piet first with the head , then with the heart . Little defeat big when little be smart . smash CUT to : 226 pk 226 pound into botha 's rib under another wild swinging punch by the giant . botha shout and keep advance , swinging . pk back up , pepper he , lead he forward . left-right . he punish botha for each punch the big man throw , but always back up . botha , half blind , spitting blood follow . the crowd scream for he to move side to side . the betting change fast and furious . pk glance over he shoulder to the cement wall behind he . he take two more step and then fire two jab at botha 's face and then stand stock still . Wild with anger , botha throw a huge right hand to pk 's head . smash CUT to : 227 club 227 come down on Maria 's head . smash CUT to : 228 pk 228 at the last moment pk sidestep . botha 's hand smashes into the cement wall . his hand shatter into a hundred piece . the pain be so immense he be render helpless . pk do not waste a second . he start bang away at botha with hard , fast combination . pk want to see the wage of hate ? botha feel the punch . he step back , falter . pk pursue he . pk here . here be what hate get you . pk hammer away , punch with each word , harder and faster . 153 . pk for my chicken . for geel piet. for doc. for mandoma . for Maria . botha be out on he foot . pk for Africa . pk unleash a final pjnch -- the hardest one he ever throw . it catch botha square in the jaw . botha go over onto he back like a tree fall . the crowd outside scream and yell with delight . money change hand . pk collect himself and step over botha . he unbolt the door and step outside . CUT to : 229 ext . bar 229 the crowd go silent as pk emerge . the crowd part . pk , look neither right nor leave , begin to walk away . pk ( v.o. ) I know as I walk out of the mine , out of Africa , that I be not flee . that one day I would return . inkosi inkosikasi be right . I be a man for all Africa . bound to she by my spirit . bound by my dream . and Africa have teach I the lesson I would take out into the world and one day bring back . great change can come from the power of many . but only when the many join together and create what be invincible . the power of one . zoom out as pk continue walk out of the camp and toward tomorrow . fade out . the end