defiance written by Clayton frohman &amp ; Edward Zwick fade in : 1 new york CITY - park avenue - night - 1982 1 a taxi pull over to a curb where a elderly man wait with he middle - aged son in the rain . middle - aged son ( as they climb in ) 23rd and lex . the cabbie grunt a reply . middle - aged son ( cont 'd ) how ya doin ' , papa , you doin ' alright ? elderly man Fine , fine ... middle - aged son this be just a check - up , okay ? Doctor katz say you will outlive we all . ( look out the window ) traffic be not bad . we should be back in time to watch the Met . he notice he father be staring , wide - eye , at the cabby 's hack license . we glimpse only the last name ... " bielski . " middle - aged son ( cont 'd ) papa ? . papa , what be it ? in the rear view mirror , the old man catch the furtive eye of the cabby . elderly man ... you . can it be ? the eye in the mirror look away . and then back . elderly man ( cont 'd ) bielski . can it possibly be ? as we push in on the eye in the mirror , we hear the desperate rasping SOUND of panting . CUT to : 2 a man running for he life through the wood . 2 bomb explode all around as he pass dead body and burnt - out vehicle . without slow he discard a ww ii Red Army helmet , a field jacket , a heavy pack , anything that might impede he flight . he glance back up over he shoulder . the sky be fill with bomber . he run on . salmon revision - 8-18-07 2. 3 omitted 3 4 the village of naliboki 4 a typical Eastern european shtetl . local police help german einsatzgruppen , mobile kill squad , round up Jews . peasant beat they with stick as they be herde into line . one man try to run and be beat . other look on , or look away with indifference as they be load onto wait truck . 5 two men hide in the nearby wood ( zus &amp ; asael bielski ) 5 we study they face : a turbulent portrait of impotent rage , terrible fear , overwhelming grief , and secret relief . asael where be they take they ? zus -- shveig ! shveig ! asael but -- zus just shut up ! please ... 6 a alley way in novagrudok 6 the man we last see in flight ( tuvia bielski ) wear the remnant of he uniform , slip down a cobble - stone street . he duck into a doorway as a patrol pass by . 6a a remote farm 6a Zus and asael move warily through a barnyard . a tethere dog bark furiously . a farmer challenge they . walencki ( in Russian ; subtitles ) what do you want ? walencki brandish a pitchfork . asael ( in Russian ; subtitles ) some food ...? walencki they be look for you people . the two brother glance nervously around . walencki ( cont 'd ) get away from here ! go ! zus , the older of the two brother , take a menace step toward the farmer but he young brother hold he back . ( continued ) salmon revision - 8-19-07 3. 6a continued : 6a asael Zus. let 's go . as they retreat toward the wood , Zus warn the farmer . zus we will be back . 7 a bourgeois apartment -- day 7 tuvia be get dress as a attractive woman -- he wife , rifka -- stand by the window , smoking a cigarette . tuvia and no news of my brother ? rifka they be use to trouble , they will be all right . tuvia if you stay , you will have to go to the ghetto . rifka I can get false papers and pass as a gentile . so can you . tuvia shake he head , no . he finish dress . theirs be a relationship long past passion . rifka ( cont 'd ) will you at least stay tonight ? tuvia I need to see to my family . will you come ? rifka to the country ? no. CUT to : 8 a modest mill - later that day 8 a pair of legs lie motionless behind a trough . Beyond , a man' torso . Zus and asael stare in mute horror . asael papa -- gottenyu ... fly buzz about dead livestock . a woman' body lie nearby . 9 in the house 9 a still portrait of a life interrupt . ( continued ) double GREEN revision - 10-14-07 4 . 9 continued : 9 a table set for dinner . candle light . a open book . a noise from a cupboard . Zus grab a hatchet . from the root cellar , a young boy , 14 , appear . his face be dirty and tear-streaked . they go to embrace he . asael aron . the boy ( aron ) recoil . he be disorient and will not speak . 9a ext . modest mill - moment later 9a load down with possession , asael hurry back to the wood . Zus pause long enough to pry the mezuzah from the door . CUT to : 10 the forest at dusk 10 aron stare mutely straight ahead . asael be shaking uncontrollably and cry . Zus be at a loss what to do . zus stop it ... but asael be lose in a confusion of grief and panic . zus ( cont 'd ) stop it . stop it ! finally Zus grab he in a gesture halfway between violence and comfort ... and hold he as asael rock back and forth . CUT to : 11 the naliboki forest at dawn - viewed from above 11 a million acre of dense , impenetrable wood and swamp . 12 asael and aron sleep huddle on the ground 12 the sound of a footstep . they sit up in terror . tuvia if I be a german you be dead . asael tuvia ! asael leap up to embrace he as if he be salvation itself . asael ( cont 'd ) papa and mama . they kill they . ( continued ) tan revision - 9-10-07 5 . 12 continued : 12 asael cling to he . even aron allow himself to be hold . tuvia hold they silently . Zus appear , hatchet in hand . zus Big brother return . tuvia and Zus look at each other warily . zus ( cont 'd ) you see they ? yes. tuvia see they . Zus take the mezuzah from he pocket , toss it to tuvia . zus ( cont 'd ) welcome home . 13 later - the nalibocki forest - a loaf of stale bread 13 be tear apart by filthy hand as they move through the tree . asael be you go back to the army ? tuvia there be no more army . asael worship he big brother . zus hope at least you kill a few . tuvia just stare at he . asael what be it like ? to be in a war ? tuvia it be not war . it be something else . Zus eye he carefully . tuvia ( cont 'd ) where be Sonia and the baby ? zus horodysze . hiding in a cellar . I will bring she when it be safe . where be rifka ? tuvia in novgrudok . she would not leave . zus you be still separate ? tuvia she be still my wife . ( continued ) yellow revision - 7-30-07 6. 13 continued : 13 zus you rich wife . Zus chew with the open-mouthed relish of a peasant . zus ( cont 'd ) so why exactly have you come back ? tuvia just stare at he . the reason be obvious as he hold he young brother . zus ( cont 'd ) you have a plan ? tuvia no . do you ? CUT to : 14 pouring rain - a new hide - out ( camp # 1 ) 14 shiver and miserable , they be try to start a fire . asael 's few remain match be sodden . tuvia be there anything leave to eat ? only a few potato in asael 's bag . worm writhe among they . asael Zus finish the last of the sausage . tuvia glare at Zus , who glare back . sibling rival . zus stankowicz ' farm be close . asael he have dog . zus fuck the dog . wilencki then . tuvia you think wilencki be go to give we food ? zus no . we take it . tuvia how ? zus we ... take ... it. ( continued ) salmon revision - 8-18-07 7 . 14 continued : 14 tuvia and he tell the police . zus I have run from the police my whole life . do you really think it 's a good time to stop ? a moment of decision . who hold the balance of power ? asael we know this wood . they will never find we in here . tuvia look at he brother . he have be outvote . CUT to : 15 the SMALL farmhouse 15 where Zus and asael first try to get food . asael wait outside , anxiously on guard . 16 inside 16 the farmer ( walencki ) who threaten they with the pitchfork sit eat a simple dinner . Zus and tuvia burst in . Zus brandish a hoe . zus ( in Russian ; subtitles ) we want food . be quick about it ! walencki ( in Russian ; subtitles ) you again ! zus now ! walencki sure , sure . take what you want ... tuvia begin to stuff provision into a sack . zus where be you gun , farmer ? walencki I have no gun . Zus grab a dinner plate and smashes it in the farmer be face . zus where be you gun ? holding he bloody face , the farmer cower in fear . ( continued ) goldenrod revision - 8-16-07 8. 16 continued : 16 walencki please ... Zus kick he . walencki ( cont 'd ) I beg you ... tuvia zus -- zus he 's lie . he kick he again . the farmer begin to weep . zus ( cont 'd ) you be lie ! Zus dump the remain of the farmer 's dinner onto he . zus ( cont 'd ) if I hit you once more , you will shit you pants . twice and you will never shit again . the farmer know Zus will not hesitate . walencki up there ... Zus kick the man aside . above the stove be a old rifle . Zus grab it , point it at the farmer . zus we be never here . CUT to : 17 the brother 17 run through the wood . Zus raise the rifle in triumph . tuvia he be willing to help we . zus he 's lucky I do not crush he head . ( more ) ( continued ) tan revision - 9-10-07 9 . 17 continued : 17 zus ( cont 'd ) Fucking polack . I have eat shit from this people long enough ! tuvia this be you plan ? to terrorize every anti-semite in belorussia ? zus no . some I will kill . CUT to : 18 another part of the forest 18 aron have be leave alone . he hold a stick which he " shoot " like a gun -- kachew -- as he creep from tree to tree . aron freeze . something be move in the tree . he crouch . a dark blur . a animal ? it move off . he follow . the shape appear again . it 's a SMALL girl , roughly aron 's age . aron wave at she . the girl stare , then run off . aron hurry after she into a wood grove , then stop short . a pile of naked corpse . overflow a newly - dig trench . the small girl run to a middle - aged man with a crude star-of - David sewn to he tatter coat . he hold a older girl , 14 , in he arm . nearby , three or four other emerge from hide . starve , in tatter , the live wait to die . CUT to : 19 a clearing ( camp # 1 ) - later 19 where the three brother gorge themselves on steal food . someone fart loudly . zus ah ... asael you know what papa would do when you do that at table ... tuvia smack Zus on the head , take on a gruff voice . tuvia peasant . ( continued ) tan revision - 9-10-07 10 . 19 continued : 19 tuvia imitate he father 's criticism of Zus. asael laugh . Zus can not help but laugh as well . even in grief there be laughter . a glimpse of tie that bind they . asael I can not believe papa 's dead . zus bernicki . asael the police captain ? tuvia we do not know he do it . zus he always have it in for papa . tuvia we do not know he do it . zus so we will go and ask he if he do . asael koscik have a pistol . he show it to I once . zus one pistol be not enough . we need rifle . Machine gun . tuvia Machine gun ? you be go to take on the whole german army ? zus just because you do not ... the SOUND of footstep . Zus jump up cock the rifle . aron emerge from the tree . and then , behind he , the survivor he discover among the corpse . the middle - aged man hold a teenage girl by one hand and carry he young daughter . middle - aged man the child be hurt . the brother stare at he . wary and unwelcome . tuvia set she down . the man lower the child to the ground . she be not move . middle - aged man I be avram rubinski . this be my daughter . she -- the Germans -- ( continued ) goldenrod revision - 8-16-07 11 . 19 continued : ( 2 ) 19 he cannot bring himself to say the word . other shuffle forward , still in shock , barely able to speak they gratitude as tuvia offer chunks of bread and cheese . the man try to feed he daughter . she be barely alive . asael turn to aron . gently . asael where do you find they ? aron still will not speak . asael address the other girl . asael ( cont 'd ) you sister be sick ? little girl ( rachel ) they keep she for a week . we fill in the rest . zus ( o.s. ) tuvia -- Zus have move out of earshot . tuvia join he . zus ( cont 'd ) we can not feed they . tuvia I will go ask koscik for food . zus and the pistol . tuvia and the pistol . without another word , he start off . zus remember to say please . CUT to : 20 a russian -made mahkarov revolver . 20 koscik , a rotund , florid -face pole , hand it to tuvia . koscik I have only four bullet . ( continued ) blue revision - 6-26-07 12. 20 continued : 20 tuvia I cannot thank you enough . they sit in koscik 's warmly - light kitchen . koscik 's wife stand silently by the stove , glaring at tuvia . koscik you father be a good man . tuvia he say the same of you . tuvia can not help but notice koscik 's wife give he the evil eye . koscik produce a bottle of vodka . koscik ignore the bitch . ( raise the bottle ) to the dead . God rest they soul . ( in Russian ; subtitles ) bitch -- do you want vodka ? his wife just glare at he . koscik ( cont 'd ) I live with this , can you imagine ? headlight sweep over the window . a car be fast approach . koscik ( cont 'd ) hide yourself . ... the barn . 21 tuvia hurrie across the courtyard and into the barn . 21 22 in the loft 22 he climb a ladder and be startle to find five more men and women in hide . they stare in mute terror . 23 outside the barn 23 koscik greet a belarussian police captain and he son as they exit the car . they speak in Russian , with subtitles : koscik work late , boy . police captain hunting Jews . we new boss be very organize . koscik offer the bottle . koscik hunting can work up a thirst . ( continued ) salmon revision - 8-19-07 13. 23 continued : 23 police captain Fifteen in one day . the council be offer a year 's free tax for every one you turn in . - koscik a Jew be worth that much ? do you pay more for a fat one ? they laugh appreciatively . 24 in the loft 24 a man cough then shrug a apology . tuvia glare at he . 25 back to the courtyard 25 police captain caught five of they hide in a ditch . smell so bad I be afraid the Germans would not want they . koscik maybe for a reduce price . more laughter . more vodka . police captain you know the bielski' ? koscik sure . police captain we miss two when we visit the parent . 26 in the loft 26 tuvia listen to this casual talk of he parent 's death . 27 back in the courtyard 27 police captain anybody catch help they be in for it . you know this , koscik ? koscik do I look like a idiot ? do not answer so quickly ... more laughter . the Police Captain look at he watch . yawn . ( continued ) goldenrod revision - 8-16-07 14 . 27 continued : 27 police captain be at it since dawn . the wife do not like this long night . he try to hand back the bottle to koscik . koscik keep it . police captain bribe a officer of the law ? maybe you have more of this black market vodka hide in the barn ? koscik take a look . and clean out the cow shit while you be back there . the policeman laugh and climb back into the car . police captain you will keep you eye open , yes ? koscik good hunt . 28 moment later - in the barn 28 koscik and tuvia speak in harsh whisper . koscik -- if the laborer find they tomorrow , I will be denounce -- tuvia what be I suppose to do with -- koscik take they into the forest -- tuvia -- and feed they how ? I can not care for my own family . behind they , several of the refugees have emerge from they hide place . they stare at tuvia balefully . 29 moment later - by the roadside 29 the refugee be load with provision . a young man , pinchas zuckerman , have a tethere goat . another man carry a violin case . koscik hand tuvia another bottle of vodka . tuvia that man ? they be the one who kill my parent ? ( continued ) goldenrod revision - 8-16-07 15 . 29 continued : 29 koscik do not want to tell he . finally he nod , yes . koscik you people . why be it so fuck hard to be friend with a Jew ? they embrace . tuvia imagine be one . tuvia lead he motley band toward the wood . CUT to : 30 a forest trail - day 30 tuvia lead they . he notice a old man stare at he . old man you sit in back . tuvia just look at he . old man ( cont 'd ) in school . I be shimon h'aretz . tuvia I think you be dead . shimon I be at least half - dead . ( after a moment ) I hear they speak of you parent . I be very sorry . tuvia shake he head . shimon ( cont 'd ) and the other brother ? what be he name , the wild one ? tuvia Zus . he 's with the other two . shimon you be hide here ? in the forest ? tuvia nod . shimon ( cont 'd ) there have be trouble before maybe ? with the police ? tuvia do not answer . ( continued ) double blue revision - 9-17-07 16 . 30 continued : 30 shimon ( cont 'd ) so now you go to the forest . a wise choice . tuvia for a dumb schoolboy , you mean . shimon my whole life I presume to teach other the right way to live . I have no doubt : this be God 's way , this be not . you will forgive I if recent event have somewhat shake my resolve . tuvia it be just like school , I do not know what you be talk about . ( touch he ) teacher ... come ... come . ( gesture to the follower ) please . CUT to : 31 omitted 31 32 the clearing - later that day 32 the new arrival squat by a fire where potato be cooking in the ash . everyone share from the soup pot . there be not enough spoon to go around . shimon offer aron something to eat . shimon here ... you be not hungry ? aron do not respond . shimon ( cont 'd ) the little one do not talk ? asael he see . thing . tuvia , meanwhile stare fixedly as avram dig he daughter 's grave . the gun be still in he belt . Zus be construct a shelter . zus I send you for food and you bring more mouth to feed . tuvia you send I ? zus do you at least get the gun ? ( continued ) double GREEN revision - 10-14-07 16a . 32 continued : 32 tuvia show he . tuvia only four bullet . zus then we will have to make they count . Zus head for the food . asael be try to start a fire but the kindling be wet . shimon here ... shimon take a book from he coat , rip out page cover in Hebrew and crumple they into the fire . they burst into flame . shimon ( cont 'd ) the Psalm have many use . zus sit among the newcomer watch as they eat hungrily . tuvia stop near avram digging a grave before head out of the camp . we realize avram 's daughter have die while tuvia be away . the SOUND of distant thunder . double blue revision - 9-17-07 17 . 33 a lone farmhouse - dusk 33 tuvia stand in the drive rain , shaking . he stare at the light window . 34 inside the house 34 the police captain we see earlier eat dinner with he wife and two son . they speak in Russian . wife you work late . the man nod , he mouth full of food . wife ( cont 'd ) tomorrow be Sunday . you have a day off , yes ? police captain ( still chew ; nod ) ... Fucking ss never sleep ... the door open slowly . they all look up . ( continued ) yellow revision - 7-30-07 18 . 34 continued : 34 tuvia stand on the threshold , drip wet , a spectral figure . he hold the pistol at he side . tuvia you know who I be ? the policeman say nothing . his wife be instantly terrify . one of the son stand . tuvia turn the gun on he . tuvia ( cont 'd ) sit . the son obey . the SOUND of the rain on the tin roof be deafen . tuvia turn back to the Police Captain . tuvia ( cont 'd ) and you know why I be here . police captain ... what be you talk about ? tuvia you have no idea what I be talk about ... police captain if they say find someone , I find he . it 's my job . tuvia to find Jews . police captain or lose my job . tuvia and it 's a good job , be not it ? you like you job . policeman I be always fair with you family . ... everyone know you be smuggle this and that . but I look the other way . ( in desperation ) ... ask you father . tuvia my father ? you do not talk about my father ... tuvia place the pistol against the man 's forehead . tuvia ( cont 'd ) down on you knee . ( more ) ( continued ) double yellow revision - 10-8-07 19 . 34 continued : ( 2 ) 34 tuvia ( cont 'd ) ( bellowing ) on ... you ... knee ... pig ! the policeman begin to weep . tuvia ( cont 'd ) for my parent , David and beila bielski ... for my brother and all the other -- police captain please .... I beg you ... one of the man 's son make a move toward tuvia . tuvia shoot he in the chest . his mother scream . the policeman suddenly start to stand . tuvia back away , shoot he . and then the other son . it be all over in second . 35 omitted 35 36 tuvia stand there , frozen 36 the police captain 's wife be prostrate and keening over she dead family in Russian . wife kill I , too ! tuvia should indeed kill she , too . to avoid be identify . tuvia tell they who do this . CUT to : 36a ext . police captain house - dusk 36a the rain still pour down on the house as tuvia run away . 37 a forest trail - still raining 37 tuvia push through dense forest . branch rake he face . finally he lean against a tree . we move close on he face . tuvia riboynoy shel oylam , riboynoy shel oylam ... ( close he eye ) Lord of the universe , forgive I , I have murder -- but they be monster and do not deserve to live . double blue revision - 9-17-07 20 . 38 next morning - a low fog cling to the forest floor 38 Zus awaken , sodden and stiff . he look at the group , now number fourteen . people sleep huddle together : asael hold aron ; avram keep he survive daughter close . and there be tuvia -- sit by the fire . Zus take the pistol from tuvia 's belt . check the cylinder . zus only one bullet leave . tuvia his son . Zus nod he approval . zus how be it ? tuvia what ? zus to kill they . it be good , no ? tuvia shut up . tuvia stare into the fire . he be dirty and tired . Zus look around . zus what be we go to do with this other ? tuvia I do not know -- zus the woman will slow we down . and you old teacher -- tuvia you be afraid he 's go to beat you for forget you homework . zus we have to be able to keep move , and quickly . tuvia I agree . but they be here . they consider they predicament . ( continued ) double GREEN revision - 10-14-07 21 . 38 continued : 38 tuvia ( cont 'd ) we will sleep farther up the trail . if anyone come , they will find they first . the gunshot will give we time to escape . zus alright . but no more . tuvia no more . CUT to : 39 several more refugees 39 stumbling into camp behind tuvia , who carry a heavy sack of provision . Zus give tuvia a look . tuvia I know . I know ... tamara , you remember cousin Zus . please , go sit down by the fire . and this be lazar -- isabel 's youngest ... tamara be pleasant - look but emotionally wounded . tuvia ( cont 'd ) this be Isaac malbin . from minsk . malbin be sweet - face with little round trotsky glass . tuvia ( cont 'd ) asael , find they something to eat . asael ! Zus take tuvia aside . zus tuvia , I have pity for they all , but -- tuvia they be family . zus and how will we feed this family ? tuvia we will water the soup . one of the new arrival be a dark - haire beauty . tuvia and Zus watch she pass . Zus be particularly interested . zus and this one , be she family ? tuvia no . by the fire , the veteran pepper the newcomer with ( continued ) double GREEN revision - 10-14-07 a21 . 39 continued : 39 question . ( continued ) double blue revision - 9-17-07 21a . 39 continued : ( 2 ) 39 miriam you be from lida ! be isadore korein alive ? lova there be so many in the ghetto , I do not know ... tamara do anyone have news from vilna ? double blue revision - 9-17-07 22 . 40 omitted 40 40a another day ( camp # 1 ) 40a food , such as it be , be be hand out to several new arrival . asael brushes aron 's hair . Rachel sit beside she grieve father . she look at aron . he look back . nearby , tuvia and malbin be building a shelter . malbin be hopelessly inept . a wall collapse . tuvia fuck I ! have you never use a hammer ? malbin uh. no. tuvia what be it you do , then ? malbin I suppose ... you would have to say ... I be ...am ... a intellectual . tuvia this be a job ? malbin I publish a small magazine ... actually a journal ... well , more like a pamphlet . Zus pass they , he arm around the dark - haire beauty . zus tuvia , this be rona . rona be my forest wife . tuvia I see . congratulation . Zus wink and walk past . malbin and tuvia watch they . malbin interesting concept . tuvia as long as he village wife stay in hide . malbin Nice to know there be some thing even Hitler can not destroy . ( continued ) double blue revision - 9-17-07 23 . 40a continued : 40a suddenly the camp grow quiet . two young men who have emerge from the forest , they clothes dirty and tear . one of they aim a army - issue rifle . zus hello , boy , what can we do for you ? young man # 1 food . we want food . everyone remain still . Zus eye he own rifle nearby . zus this little shit be hold we up . the Young man motion he partner to take Zus 's rifle . zus ( cont 'd ) you little shit have the ball to shoot I ? in response , the young man chamber a round . tuvia this be all the food we have . you be welcome to share . zus no . ( more ) ( continued ) yellow revision - 7-30-07 23a . 40a continued : ( 2 ) 40a zus ( cont 'd ) I want to see if this little shit will shoot I . you like shoot Jews , you little shit ? young man # 1 you be Jews ? ( continued ) GREEN revision - 8-8-07 24 . 40a continued : ( 3 ) 40a zus no . we be the gestapo , you little shit . tuvia come . sit . put down you gun . zus or perhaps you would prefer I shove they up you ass . tuvia where be you from ? the young man glare at Zus . then , to tuvia : young man # 1 horodyszcze . the name freeze Zus in he track . his wife be there . peretz we have not eat in two day . my name be peretz , this be jacov . jacov two day ago there be three thousand Jews in horodyszcze . now there be fifty . I and he , we hide in a wall . zus you know a woman there , Sonia bielski ? the man look at one another . jacov we know she . Zus can hardly bring himself to ask the next question . zus ... there be a child . jacov shake he head . sorry . Zus lean he head against a tree . after a moment he begin to beat he head against it until blood pour down he face . asael ( to the newcomer ) his family . tuvia put he arm around he brother . Zus 's shoulder begin to heave . soon he body convulse with deep wrack sob . he be absolutely unself - conscious in he grief . ( continued ) GREEN revision - 8-8-07 25 . 40a continued : ( 4 ) 40a zus so many dead . tuvia I know . zus mama . papa . they head be close together , they face wet with tear . zus ( cont 'd ) why not we ? tuvia I do not know . zus I think they would be safe . I should have be with they . tuvia no . zus I could have protect they . tuvia just hold he . he , too , be cry quietly . zus ( cont 'd ) better to be rabbit ? hunted ? hiding ? no ... Zus break free of tuvia 's embrace and walk away . 41 later - by the FIRE 41 jacov and peretz be eat . between ravenous bite -- peretz we be look for partisan . jacov what be the name of you otriad ? tuvia laugh ruefully . asael what be a 'otriad ? ' tuvia a armed brigade . jacov we hear the Russians be beginning to organize . ( continued ) salmon revision - 8-19-07 26 . 41 continued : 41 tuvia here ? jacov and also in the lipicanska . asael then we be the bielski otriad . you want to join ? peretz ( look around ) the Russians be fighter . jacov -- but you need a gun to join they . without a gun you be nothing . they sabotage railroad and kill Germans . zus ( o.s. ) we will kill all the Germans you can handle . start tonight . they stare up at he , he face a mask of blood and filth . zus ( cont 'd ) if you be not afraid to use that rifle . 42 moment later - just outside of camp -- 42 Zus be load wilencki 's gun . tuvia -- we must get what we need without kill . we can not make more enemy -- Zus concentrate on open the breach . tuvia ( cont 'd ) -- it will not bring you family back to life . or mama . or papa . zus blood for blood . you have you revenge . ( continued ) salmon revision - 8-19-07 27 . 42 continued : 42 tuvia and I can still see they face . zus ' Vengeance be mine . ' who say that ? tuvia so this be God 's work you be do , Zussie ? zus no. only you can play God . save a few life , take a few other ... tuvia we cannot become ... like they . zus if only ... ( a hard look ) be you come with we or not ? tuvia we ? zus peretz and jacov . ( pointedly ) asael , too . tuvia look over at asael , who look away . tuvia ( to Zus ) you be make the decision now ? a stand -off . Zus stare back at he . the struggle for command have grow more obvious . tuvia ( cont 'd ) we wait for dark . CUT to : 43 a burning truck 43 light up the night sky . a man come run out of a tavern , the same man who load Jews onto truck in a earlier scene . man my truck ! who did this to my truck ? tuvia , Zus and the other appear out the shadow . tuvia we do . ( continued ) GREEN revision - 8-8-07 28 . 43 continued : 43 the man stop short at the sight of they weapon . man who be you ? ( realizing ) you do not understand . they make I give they my truck ... Zus fire . jacov and peretz follow suit . the man go down . they throw he dead body onto the burn truck . CUT to : 43a a cluster of house - later that night 43a Zus and peretz be back out of a open doorway , firing back inside as they go . from within , the sound of scream . zus this be what you get when you cooperate with nazi scum ..! face appear furtively at the window of nearby house . Zus address the little neighborhood , delirious with joy . zus ( cont 'd ) we be the bielski otriad ! we be jews ! you like to kill jews ! here we be ! we be the bielski be ! tell they ! tuvia look around warily . this be get out of hand . CUT to : 44 a roadside ditch - later that night 44 tuvia and asael lie in on one side of a road . tuvia have looped one end of the wire around a post . 45 in the ditch on the other side 45 Zus , peretz , and jacov wrap the wire to a tree . 46 up ahead 46 the light of a motorcycle , a german courier . 47 in the ditch 47 tuvia wait until the bike be almost upon they . then he tightens the wire so it stretch invisibly across the road . goldenrod revision - 8-16-07 29 . 48 the motorcyclist be garroted 48 by the wire . his bike go slide away as the bielski 's swarm he , killing he with the last bullet from the mahkarov . zus rummages through the down - bike 's saddlebags . he find a beautiful knife and lift it up triumphantly . peretz look --! more headlight fast approach . tuvia hide ! everyone ! they all scramble back into the ditch , drag the dead courier with they . 49 a german staff car 49 approach . as its headlight pick up the down motorcycle , it slow and pull off to the side -- 50 directly over the ditch 50 where tuvia and Zus be conceal . from within the car , we hear voice speak german . a young private get out and walk up the road to investigate . private ( in german ; subtitle ) it 's one of ours , but no one be here . maybe he be drunk ? from the car , a sergeant yell a reply . sergeant ( in german ; subtitle ) move it off the road before the convoy pass . I will report the sonuvabitch . as the soldier drag the bike off the road , a officer step out of the car and light a cigarette . he 's follow by the sergeant . he carry a schmeisser submachine gun dangle from he shoulder . 51 in the ditch - zus 51 can see the sergeant 's foot peek out over the ditch . a stream of piss cascade onto he . he try to inch he body away ... ( continued ) goldenrod revision - 8-16-07 30 . 51 continued : 51 the pissing sergeant catch the flicker of movement below , sees Zus lie in the ditch . stun , he try to zip up he fly . it catch . zus leap up brandish the knife . he 's on the sergeant before he can get the gun off he shoulder . stab he through he greatcoat , the blade break off in he hand . meanwhile , the lieutenant drop he cigarette , reach under he coat for a pistol . tuvia tackle he . the gun skid away . they roll around on the road , clawing , punching , biting . tuvia slam the man 's head against the pavement . 52 up the road 52 the private see asael and peretz come at he . jacov follow with he rifle . the private turn and run down the road . they give chase . 53 from inside the car 53 another officer be in the back seat with a woman . he reach for he gun , stand up in the seat and begin firing wildly at tuvia . tuvia roll under the car , avoid the burst . meanwhile , zus use the handle of the knife to break the sergeant 's nose . he rip the schmeisser away , fire point - blank into the man , whose greatcoat catch FIRE . inside the staff car the officer take close aim at tuvia , just as zus turn the machine gun on the car blowing out the window , kill the Officer and the woman -- and save he brother 's life . 54 meanwhile , down the road 54 jacov fire at the private , miss . the man keep running . jacov fire again . miss again . finally he third shot hit he in the leg . the private keep run . limp now . jacov I get he ! peretz and asael can now catch up to the soldier . from far away we see they knock the private to the ground , kicking he until jacov catch up to they and fire a final shot . GREEN revision - 8-8-07 31 . 55 back at the staff car 55 tuvia stand , out of breath . tuvia stupid ! the gunfire could be hear for mile . zus he be pissing on my head . Zus be high from the kill , cover in the dead man 's blood . he begin call out order . zus ( cont 'd ) peretz , jacov , check the car for gun ... ( to tuvia ) this one 's yours . he present he with the schmeisser as if it be a trophy . tuvia accept it , check the gun efficiently . zus ( cont 'd ) I will check he pocket for more ammo . tuvia hurry --! at the staff car peretz and jacov emerge with two machine - pistol , several bottle of schnapp and a beautiful leica camera . jacov they be on they way to a party ! they toss one bottle to Zus and another to tuvia . 56 up the road 56 asael stand over the dead private . he be not much older than aron . 57 back at the staff car 57 zus rifle the pocket of the dead sergeant for ammo . he find cigarettes and the man 's wallet . he open it . zus welcome to Belarus , herr henkel . a champagne cork pop as peretz and jacov toast they victory . peretz now we be real partisan ... ( continued ) goldenrod revision - 8-16-07 32 . 57 continued : 57 jacov to the bielski otriad ! 58 suddenly - another set of headlight 58 be round the bend . troop truck . the staff car be lead a convoy . tuvia into the field ! run ! tuvia pull peretz off the road , but jacov reload he rifle and begin to FIRE at the approach truck . tuvia ( cont 'd ) jacov , no ! the truck stop . troops pour off and begin returning FIRE . jacov be CUT down by a machine gun . peretz , Zus , and tuvia race into the wheat field . it 's not clear if they can make it into the wood . a flare ignite overhead turn the wheat field bright white in flicker incandescence . malbin be almost paralytic with fear . asael do not know which way to run . he plunge into the wheat field ... but on the wrong side of the road . one of the truck drive forward , cutting he off , use its spotlight to reveal he . fifteen soldier start after he . 59 see from above 59 we watch as they converge on he . tuvia , zus and peretz have almost make it into the wood when peretz be hit . he fall . tuvia and Zus pick he up and half - carry , half - drag he into the sanctuary of the forest . tuvia Zus . his rifle . Zus race back to pick up peretz 's weapon . 60 asael , meanwhile 60 have realize he mistake . he try to circle back toward the wood but the soldier move to CUT he off . he be fast , but not fast enough . we realize he be not go to make it . 61 in the wood 61 tuvia and Zus look at the scene with mount horror . ( continued ) double pink revision - 9-27-07 33 . 61 continued : 61 tuvia asael ... he rip the rifle from Zus 's hand . for a moment we think he 's go to go back after he . instead , he wedge the rifle into a tree-trunk and take careful aim ... the spotlight shatter plung the field into darkness as the flare burn out . asael seize the moment and dive to he knee , disappear from view and crawling now rather than expose himself . a irrigation ditch be nearby . frantically he dig into the soft mud on its bank . as he scrape he hand raw , he can hear he pursuer draw near , calling out to one another . CUT to : 62 the forest camp - dawn 62 a somber mood . tuvia watch someone scrape at the porridge congeal in a empty pot . other stare listlessly into space . one man chew on a piece of leather , another suck on a old chicken bone . Zus , meanwhile , be in the middle of a nasty drunk from the capture schnapp . nearby , aron share he ration of bread with Rachel . Little enough , but a connection be make . peretz lie nearby . malbin be try to comfort he . there be nothing that can help he . malbin look to tuvia . shimon they think you be bring food . tuvia just stare at he . shimon ( cont 'd ) do the farmer stop you ? still no answer from tuvia . shimon ( cont 'd ) they have gun ? dog ? tuvia no . shimon I do not understand . tuvia say nothing . nearby , a child cry in hunger . shimon ( cont 'd ) the talmud say if you save a life you must take responsibility for it . ( continued ) double pink revision - 9-27-07 34-34a . 62 continued : 62 tuvia again I have no idea what you be talk about . around they , the beseech eye of so many hungry face . shimon I think you do . voice you be the bielski' ? a man stand in the clear . BEN zion gulkowitz be tall , well muscle , a rifle strapped over he shoulder . zus how would you get past the lazar ? BEN zion who ? Zus stand unsteadily , then lurch into the wood , lean on a occasional tree for support . he find the erstwhile sentry -- lazar -- amble toward he . zus you shit ! you worthless shit ! Zus punch he , knock he the ground . in a sloppy , drunken frenzy , Zus slap he again . tuvia enough ! zus he walk right by you ! someone could have be kill ! tuvia pull Zus off he . tuvia I say , enough ! ( to lazar ) get up ! get up ! zus if we be real partisan he would be shot . tuvia he make a mistake ! ( continued ) double pink revision - 9-27-07 35 . 62 continued : ( 3 ) 62 zus mistake ! we can not make mistake ! as Zus go for lazar again , tuvia roughly pull he off . Zus go fly , trip over , landing on he ass . tuvia that 's right , Zus . no mistake . like last night . ( look at he ) first they will torture asael ... and then they will hang he . tuvia walk away , leave he brother on the ground . 63 back in camp 63 tuvia rejoin they . Ben Zion look up at he . BEN zion you be tuvia bielski . tuvia you know I ? BEN zion I be Ben Zion gulkowitz . Ben Zion be besiege by question about friend and family . miriam pardon I , you be from vilna . my sister life on passaya Street . BEN zion the SD come without warning . hundred be take . no one know where . ( continued ) double pink revision - 9-27-07 36 . 63 continued : 63 the woman begin to cry . miriam my poor sister ... dear God , no ... meanwhile , peretz 's moaning cease . a woman grumble : woman # 1 we would be better off in the ghetto ... tamara at least here we be safe . lova there at least we have hope ... shimon no . here , we have hope . a few more join in , grumble they dissatisfaction . other take the opposite position . this be Jews , after all , and argue be a revere sport and a pastime . it escalate . woman # 1 we be hungry ! this be a define moment for tuvia . when at first he speak , it be awkward , ineffectual amid the grow tumult . tuvia I know we have no food . but tomorrow ... tomorrow will be another mission . rona look what happen the last time . tuvia that be a mistake ! but the mistake we make will not be make again ! more objection . tuvia must raise he voice to be hear . tuvia ( cont 'd ) we could be here a long time . and we have to prepare . lova how ? tuvia better security . better at get food and information -- ( talk over they objection ) -- at make shelter . whatever be need . we all participate . we do not work against each other . at this he look directly at Zus . daring he to object . ( continued ) double pink revision - 9-27-07 36a . 63 continued : ( 2 ) 63 tuvia ( cont 'd ) I want to kill Nazis , too , but we ...just ... can not afford revenge . not right now . we cannot afford to lose friend like jacov and peretz . a small voice speak up . aron or asael . everyone stare . it be the first time aron have speak . ( continued ) double pink revision - 9-27-07 37 . 63 continued : ( 3 ) 63 tuvia or asael . we ... we -- ( try to hold it together ) -- can not lose anyone . he look from face to face . filthy , ravage , many of they with tear in they eye . this be what they need -- leadership , faith , something to believe in . and gradually , he tentativeness and awkwardness be replace by something else . a new voice . from deep inside . tuvia ( cont 'd ) ... we will map out where we have be so as to not visit the same farm too often . and we take only from that who can afford to give , and leave that who can not alone . lova the poorest farmer have more than we . tuvia true . but what I be say be ... what I mean be ... we be not thief . ( he resolve grow with every word ) or murderer . we may be hunt like animal but we will not become animal . ( look at they all ) we have all choose this -- to live free , like human being , for as long as we can . each day of freedom be a act of faith . and if we die try to live , at least we die like human being . his mission statement . a vision of they future . everyone nod in mute acknowledgement . Zus lower he head . the shift in power between they have occur . tuvia have emerge as the undisputed leader . CUT to : 64 omitted 64 64a fall in the forest 64a the tree take on color as if in celebration of they come together . 65 koscik' farm 65 all be quiet as tuvia , Zus and Ben Zion watch from the wood . ( continued ) salmon revision - 8-19-07 38 . 65 continued : 65 tuvia now . they leave they cover and approach warily , gun at the ready . 66 outside the house 66 koscik 's wife look up from she garden and glare at they . tuvia hello . she refuse to be flatter . in Russian : koscik' wife in the barn . 67 in the barn 67 Zus call out . zus koscik , put you pants back on and leave that sheep alone . he step into the shadow to find : koscik hanging from a threshing hook that have be drive through he chest . a sign attach to the hook read ( in Polish ) " jew lover . " CUT to : 68 koscik' newly-dug grave 68 be just beyond the barn . tuvia finish pile on the last shovelful of earth . koscik 's wife stare straight ahead . tuvia I be sorry . koscik' wife ( a monotone ) come . 69 a root cellar 69 dig into a hillside . overgrown with tall grass it be undetectable . koscik 's wife open the heavy door , revealing asael , who emerge blink into the bright light . tuvia thank God . ( continued ) double pink revision - 9-27-07 39 . 69 continued : 69 Zus pull he lose brother into a mighty embrace . asael Zus .... zussie ... I can not breathe . Zus let he go and asael reach back into the root cellar . asael ( cont 'd ) look . two lovely young women -- bella and chaya -- emerge , tentative and scared . though they dress be dirty , it be obvious they be once expensive . Zus eye they appreciatively . zus asael ... well , well .. asael ( blushing ) shut up . look at this -- he have two more rifle and a large box of ammunition . tuvia turn to koscik 's wife , deeply move . tuvia thank you . koscik' wife ( turn away ) go. CUT to : 70 a forest trail 70 they head for home . Zus walk beside Bella . bella -- and then we fall into this horrible bog . chaya save I . honestly , I can not swim at all . ( continued ) double yellow revision - 10-8-07 40 . 70 continued : 70 zus ( mesmerize ) then I will teach you ! bella we must have get lose a dozen time . I be absolutely resign to die . zus no ... bella tell he , chaya . be it not the absolute worst ? and that farmer , Mr. koscik , keep make the most vulgar joke , he say any girl who -- as they continue out of earshot , it appear as though Zus would be happy to listen for hour . dissolve to : 71 a towering pine forest 71 aron and Rachel be walk through the wood . for a brief moment , view through the eye of the young , we see this wood as a magical place . strange mushroom , gnarled root , a enormous spider 's web glisten with dew . 72 the camp have begun to show progress 72 sentries be post . Zus expertly help with the building a bunker ( " zemylanka " ) . there 's a more permanent kitchen , a wash trough , a clothesline . pinchas tend he goat . though primitive and raw ... a haven . shimon and malbin be digging a hole they bicker will become for they , as time go on , a sport and a pastime . malbin you be try to tell I all politics be meaningless . shimon in the West a monster with a little mustache , in the East a monster with a big mustache . this be all I need to know about politics . malbin you messiah will have a mustache , too , and a full beard . shimon no . the messiah be all in politics , and they be kill we . Zus unload two cut and stripped tree . ( continued ) double yellow revision - 10-8-07 40a . 72 continued : 72 zus what 's kill I be all you talk . back to work . malbin and shimon go back to work . malbin and Roosevelt ? he have no mustache . shimon my life in this wood be much easier because of Mr. Roosevelt , thank you . double yellow revision - 10-8-07 41 . 73 walking through the camp tuvia and asael 73 review they plan . tuvia we need to know what 's go on in the village , how the Germans patrol , who the informer be -- he realize that asael be not fully concentrate ; instead he be watch as chaya walk past . tuvia ( cont 'd ) be you listen to I ? asael yes . tuvia what 's she name ? asael chaya . [ I believe . ] tuvia ( yelling ) chaya ! he wave as chaya turn to look in they direction . asael smile , embarrassed . tuvia ( cont 'd ) so talk to she . asael I hardly know she . tuvia you spend three day in a cellar ! asael blushes , return the focus to they prior conversation . asael malbin say the piznarksi granary be full . we need two gun at least ... tuvia whose turn to go ? asael Zus . tuvia you go along , just to make sure he understand my order . asael nod . tuvia ( cont 'd ) ( be : chaya ) go on ... go! ( continued ) double yellow revision - 10-8-07 a41-41a . 73 continued : 73 asael head toward chaya . 74 near a shed roof - BEN zion 74 we notice a few new face . they number have exceed twenty . among they be two lumber , dark -skin man , arkady and motl lubczanski . Ben Zion be show lazar and the other newcomer how to clean a weapon . BEN zion this be not a gun . it be bar kochba 's spear . it be ehud 's sword . you fix the patch to the rod -- they do as he instruct . BEN zion ( cont 'd ) -- then run it through the barrel ... and do not lose the patch in the barrel -- lazar look up , sheepishly . lazar I lose my patch . arkady lubczanski whisper contemptuously to he brother , motl ... arkady lubczanski the village idiot . Zus shove arkady out of the way and approach lazar , who cower . but rather than abuse he , Zus remove the patch from the rifle and hand it back to he . lazar thank you , Zus . zus ( return the rifle ) it 's nothing . ( continued ) double yellow revision - 10-8-07 42 . 75 omitted 75 76 a roadside - next day 76 kissely be a milkman with bright red hair and a bushy mustache . he lead a horse - draw cart laden with milk can . zus and the other rise up out of the ditch . in Russian : zus ( a pleasant tone ) good morning , friend . get a early start to market ? could you possibly spare we a bit of milk ? Zus ' tone be bely by the rifle in he hand . kissely this be what I be require to give the Germans . if I do not meet my quota they will shoot I and my family . Zus be tempt to shoot he himself . asael ( to Zus ) leave half . he can not go to the Germans empty-hand . Zus glare at asael . asael ( cont 'd ) tuvia 's order . Zus shake he head , climb onto the wagon and begin remove carton . ( continued ) double pink revision - 9-27-07 43. 76 continued : 76 zus ( to the milkman ) we be so grateful , comrade , for you cooperation . what a lovely coat . be that a fur collar ? CUT to : 77 zus , now wearing the milkman' coat 77 join the other lug milk can along the forest path . lazar ( v.o . ) halt ! who goe there ! Zus shake he head . lazar stand , point he weapon . zus lazar , you can see it 's we , you idiot . you only ask , ' who go there ' when you do not know who it be . lazar sorry , Zus . 78 the camp 78 be a beehive of activity . shimon and malbin be digging . malbin even spinoza say existence can be substantiate by empirical evidence . shimon all you secular learn , yet you know nothing of life . malbin how can you say this ? learn be my life . shimon and for every fact that go in you head , another come out you rear end . chaya and bella receive the bounty from the forager . bella milk , egg -- chaya , we brave man have bring we a feast ! zus blintzes ! you will make I blintzes ! she bestow she best smile upon he . 79 by the FIRE 79 New arrival be be show around by Ben Zion . ( continued ) cherry revision - 9-2-07 43a . 79 continued : 79 a man and woman cry out with joy at a unexpected reunion . ( continued ) double pink revision - 9-27-07 44 . 79 continued : ( 2 ) 79 arkady lubczanski approach chaya . arkady I do not think we have be properly introduce . arkady lubczanski . chaya hello . arkady you be chaya ? chaya ... yes . arkady you be get along all right ? anything you need ? a extra blanket ? chaya oh. well ... yes , that would be nice . arkady you will have it by tonight . something nice and soft . ( smile at she ) I could not help but notice you do not have a husband yet . chaya ( somewhat take aback ) yet ? ( continued ) cherry revision - 9-2-07 44a . 79 continued : ( 3 ) 79 arkady most of the woman have already choose . they have not tell you about this ? ( continued ) double yellow revision - 10-8-07 45 . 79 continued : ( 4 ) 79 chaya no . but thank you for explain it . she hurry away . malbin sit down wearily beside shimon . malbin descartes at least provide for the subjective nature of experience . he take a spoon from he sock . shimon yes . you annoy I therefore I exist . malbin you be not eat ? shimon by my best calculation , today be High holiday . I be fasting . malbin can not believe this . he roll he eye and dig in . one of the newcomer have bring a violin . he begin to play . a bittersweet melody . people stop talk and listen , eye fill at this reminder of a sweeter , civilized time . Ben Zion have leave the new arrival and approach tuvia . he look grave . tuvia immediately know something be wrong . tuvia what be it ? BEN zion the new one , they be from novagroduk . you wife -- tuvia tense . Ben Zion hesitates ... BEN zion ( cont 'd ) they say ... she be kill last week . ( at a loss ) I be sorry . tuvia nod . no outward display of grief . a awkward moment . tuvia thank you for tell I . ( change the subject ) we have to dig a trench around the new zemylanka . if it rain I be afraid water will seep in . tuvia clearly can not deal with he news . BEN zion I will see to it , then . ( continued ) goldenrod revision - 8-16-07 46 . 79 continued : ( 5 ) 79 tuvia nod and walk away . CUT to : 80 aron and rachel walk through the wood - continuous 80 Cathedral light cut through the tree form visible shaft . aron Jacob 's ladder . like in he dream . asael say you can see the angel . they walk on , eventually come upon railroad track . a train be round the bend , head in they direction . rachel can we stay to watch ? aron if we hide . they move back into the tree as the train near : a slow - move engine pull a line of wooden cattle car . rachel be that a Nazi train ? aron if we have some dynamite we could blow the shit out of it . rachel ( with undisguise awe ) ... just like you brother . aron can not help but be pleased by this notion . then , as the train pass , they can see hand grip the small bar window . and every now and then a gaunt , desperate face . they stare in astonishment . CUT to : 81 omitted 81 salmon revision - 8-19-07 47 . 81a under a shelter -- continuous 81a tuvia sit alone . outside , the SOUND of the violin continue . shimon come to sit beside he . shimon I be sorry for you loss . tuvia nod . he be deep inside himself . shimon ( cont 'd ) do you want to say the kaddish ? when at last tuvia speak , it be almost to himself . tuvia she be a beautiful woman . but cold . not a day go by she do not remind I I be not a good provider . for year it be not really a marriage at all . and now ... he lower he head . all shimon can do be sit beside he . 82 the perimeter of the camp - continuous 82 Bella take chaya aside . bella you have lipstick ? please , I know you have some leave . chaya dig in she pocket and produce a tiny remnant . Bella dab it on and casually approach Zus , who be on guard duty . bella ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) May I join you ? zus of course . bella you get lonely out here ? zus I like the wood . laughter and music waft through the tree . bella I be a little scared out here . Zus know a opportunity when he see one . he offer she a drink from he bottle of vodka . ( continued ) goldenrod revision - 8-16-07 48 . 82 continued : 82 bella ( cont 'd ) I have never try it . zus go ahead . she drink , refuse to grimace . drink again . Zus laugh . - Bella touch the rifle in he arm . bella why be there a rule against woman have gun ? zus there be not enough for the man . bella woman need gun , too . zus what for ? bella for protection . zus woman have man for protection . Bella bite she lip . she 's a virgin but also realistic . bella I want protection . she step closer and take Zus 's hand ... under she coat ... onto she breast ... never take she eye off he . bella ( cont 'd ) you will take good care of I ? you will be my commander . 83 omitted 83 84 meanwhile - deep in the forest 84 aron and Rachel be walk back from the train track . suddenly he sense movement , freeze : armed policemen be advance through the tree . aron and Rachel bury themselves beneath pile of leave until the police pass by , then he grab she hand and dash off -- aron run through the wood like a deer . she follow . double yellow revision - 10-8-07 49 . 85 in the camp 85 he burst in , scream . aron men with gun ! Chaos . people panic , search for family member , grab whatever they can carry , zus and bella emerge from the wood where they have lain together for the first time . he grab he rifle . tuvia try to maintain order . tuvia only food and gun ! follow asael ! asael clutches chaya 's hand . rounding up other . asael do not panic . this way !. go . zus quiet ! not another word !!! the policemen begin firing . two of the group be kill . tuvia roughly push people deeper into the wood . tuvia lova , Ben Zion -- stay with we . asael , keep they move . do not stop ! the policemen enter the camp . a submachine gun rake a shelter . kissely have find the escape trail into the wood . kissely this way -- 86 the forest be deathly still 86 tuvia and Zus usher the group across the river and up the embankment . tuvia go! go! move ! ( hold back ) Isaac , keep they move ! Zus , asael , Ben Zion ... tuvia motion for they to take defensive position while the other escape .- the policeman emerge hurriedly through the tree and begin crossing the river . shot ring out . a policeman go down . the german soldier be shot in the leg . they be drag from the water . ( continued ) double yellow revision - 10-8-07 49a . 86 continued : 86 a edgy silence . from the tree a voice call out in Russian -- ( continued ) double yellow revision - 10-8-07 50 . 86 continued : ( 2 ) 86 voice ( zus ) leave now and we won't shoot the rest of you ! policeman don 't be a fool . there be hundred of US ! zus there be hundred of US ! who be the fool ? the policeman exchange apprehensive look . tuvia where be you from ? policeman karelitz ! the confrontation change language . BEN zion i'm from karelitz , too . I live by the slaughter house . policeman maybe I know you . show yourself ! BEN zion you first ! derisive laughter from the tree . policeman give we bielski and the rest of you can go free ! behind a tree , tuvia be surprised by the mention of he name . tuvia you be from belarussia , pig ! why do you work for the Germans against you own people ? kissely for the same reason you steal from the poor . to survive . another shot ring out . kessely be hit in the arm . kissely ( cont 'd ) shit . zus next one be to the head ! ( continued ) double yellow revision - 10-8-07 51 . 86 continued : ( 3 ) 86 tuvia soon it will be dark ... see how you find you way home then ! the policeman be have similar thought . suddenly - a policeman break and run away soon it 's a full - scale retreat . after a moment tuvia , Zus , lova &amp ; Ben Zion emerge . Zus pick up the dead german 's machine pistol . tuvia ( cont 'd ) they will be back . ( look around ) we have to find a new camp . zus next time just draw they a map . tuvia what do that mean ? zus it mean -- we should have kill the fuck milkman . you policy of diplomacy be shit . Zus be breathe hard , full of the adrenaline of battle . zus ( cont 'd ) ... two be dead . Winter be come and now we have no shelter . why ? because you do not have the stomach to do what must be do . he walk away . CUT to : 87 omitted 87 double yellow revision - 10-8-07 52 . 88 the november wind whistle through the bare forest ( montage ) 88 as the group trudge along -- weigh down by cooking gear , food , gun , etc . asael take the iron cauldron from chaya . Zus and Bella walk side - by-side . pinchas lead he goat . malbin where be he take we ? my foot be go to fall off . shimon a great rabbi once say , " wherever I go , I be always go to the land of Israel . " malbin well , maybe rabbis should give better direction . tuvia walk alongside but apart . CUT to : 89 a hillside 89 the group be sprawle on the ground . four people share a single cigarette . shimon and malbin hardly have the energy to argue . pinchas feed he goat . tuvia walk among they . tuvia Rest and eat . I need volunteer for a scout party . Zus raise he hand . tuvia nod in grudge gratitude . however mix he feeling , Zus can always be count on . CUT to : 90 a fork in the trail 90 tuvia look at Zus , who shrug . they be in unfamiliar territory . as they move cautiously forward : a man in a red army tunic step into the path , hold a automatic rifle . he whistle softly . more armed men materialize , surround they . gramov ( in Russian ; subtitles ) who be you ? tuvia instantly grasp the situation . he salute . tuvia ( in Russian ; subtitles ) a brigade of independent fighter search for we comrade . ( continued ) cherry revision - 9-2-07 52a . 90 continued : 90 Zus almost do a double - take at tuvia 's bluff . gramov what brigade ? ( continued ) yellow revision - 7-30-07 53 . 90 continued : ( 2 ) 90 tuvia we belong to the bielski otriad . gramov we know of you . jewish bandit . Zus 's finger tighten on the trigger of he submachine gun . zus I will take the two on the leave ... tuvia maintain he composure . tuvia I be sure we can clear up this misunderstanding with you commander . CUT to : 91 the october otriad base 91 a primitive tent camp . russian partisan move about , quiet and cold - eye man wear remnant of Red Army uniform . Zus can not help but be impressed by the array of weaponry . victor pachenko emerge from a tent . a former lieutenant , dash in a fur cap and long officer 's coat . he address they in Russian . viktor I be viktor panchenko , commander of the October otriad . we have have complaint of a jewish gang steal from village loyal to we . ( a steely look ) how do you respond to this charge ? tuvia when you take food it be from loyal supporter . when we do , you call it steal . viktor we be soldier . tuvia and we fight a common enemy . the motherland do not distinguish between Jews and non - Jews . viktor be amused by this bit of Soviet dogma . viktor but Jews do not fight . ( continued ) double GREEN revision - 10-14-07 54 . 91 continued : 91 tuvia this Jews do . viktor appraise tuvia for a moment . viktor we will see . Select you best fighter and send they to we . Zus look at tuvia , know he have no choice . tuvia we be honore to be of service . tuvia and Zus salute and head back the way they come . zus ( under he breath ) so we be partisan now . tuvia as if we have a choice . CUT to : 91a new camp ( camp # 2 ) 91a have take root . people hard at work building zemylanka . 92 the new camp ( camp # 2 ) 92 tuvia and malbin be work together on a new bunker . malbin expertly nail a header across a doorway . tuvia ( throw a smaller hammer ) here . malbin if my friend at the New Socialists ' Club could see I now ... ( shake he head ) I have not read a book in month . tuvia I have not read one in year . malbin look up from he work . tuvia ( cont 'd ) I be not a very good student . you can ask shimon . malbin . I do . tuvia laugh ruefully . consider he for a moment . tuvia yet you accept I as Commander . ( continued ) double goldenrod revision - 10-21-07 55 . 92 continued : 92 malbin think about it for a moment . malbin who else ? tuvia nod . good point . they continue work . malbin ( cont 'd ) might I make a observation ? tuvia gesture , go ahead . malbin ( cont 'd ) we need to be strong , but -- tuvia ... but --? malbin other thing be important , too . tuvia such as ? malbin try to think how best to put it . malbin Community . tuvia consider the word . as if try it on for size . tuvia you have more idea ? about all this ? malbin ... a few . tuvia I be listen ... 93 meanwhile , the women watch as asael lead in new arrival 93 bella more mouth to feed . rona more young body to keep we warm . one to they , a young man , yitzhak shulman , rip the yellow star-of - David off he coat and kneel to kiss the ground . shulman which one be tuvia bielski ? someone point tuvia out . shulman hurry over and kiss tuvia 's hand . Zus be drink nearby with he croney . ( continued ) double goldenrod revision - 10-21-07 55a . 93 continued : 93 shulman ( cont 'd ) none of we know if you really exist . I be from baranowicze . they be go to liquidate the ghetto . chaya burst into tear . asael put he arm around she . chaya my parent -- Zus catch tuvia 's glance to malbin . tuvia turn back to shulman . tuvia we will do what we can . ( continued ) double goldenrod revision - 10-21-07 56 . 93 continued : ( 2 ) 93 shulman try to kiss tuvia 's hand once again , but tuvia take he hand , instead , and shake it . chaya look deeply into asael 's eye . chaya you will help my parent ? asael I ...i ... chaya I have see you look at I . if you be to rescue they , I would do ... anything ... you -- asael be completely undone by the starkness of this . asael no . I mean , yes . all right . 94 zus catch up to tuvia 94 and grab he as he walk away . they hushed tone belie the grow chasm between they . ( continued ) GREEN revision - 8-8-07 57 . 94 continued : 94 zus and what exactly do that mean , 'do what we can . ' tuvia we must send for whoever be leave alive . zus and if it be a hundred ? six hundred ? tuvia then we will provide . zus and when the Germans follow this hundred and slaughter we . tuvia I will not let that happen . tuvia exchange a glance with malbin . Zus catch it . he have sense malbin 's grow influence . zus you will not let that happen . tuvia no . I will bring they out myself . zus from the ghetto . tuvia yes . zus Pan tuvia . rabbi tuvia . allow I to kiss you hand ... tuvia try to pull he hand away , but Zus hold he . zus ( cont 'd ) you think pachenko want hundred more of we in the forest ? tuvia I can not have you contradict I ... not when other be around . ( look around ) we family must stick together . ( continued ) tan revision - 9-10-07 58 . 94 continued : ( 2 ) 94 zus and who be it that 's risk we family , and for what ? for the sake of this -- ( gesture at the new arrival ) -- malbushim . tuvia do not call they that . zus that 's who come to we from the ghetto . empty clothes . bloodsucker . tuvia they be people . Jews . zus pretentious Jews . Jews who stick up they nose and would not give we the time of day when we pass they on the street . Jews who go out of they way to keep they daughter lock away from we dirty hand . ( savagely ) you think you old teacher will give you a good grade because you save he worthless ass ! they accept you as they leader only because they be too weak and full of shit to help themselves . tuvia -- what about Bella ? tuvia look over at Bella , who be anxiously watch . tuvia ( cont 'd ) -- you think she would be with you if it be not for what be happen here ? Zus glare at he , but try to control himself . tuvia ( cont 'd ) -- be it love Zus ? ( continued ) double salmon revision - 10-21-07 59 . 94 continued : ( 3 ) 94 Zus be sick of talk . he punch tuvia in the face . tuvia be rock but still he goad he brother . tuvia ( cont 'd ) you be the man of she dream ? the Romeo of novagrudok ? Zus can not take anymore . he charge tuvia , who sidestep and slam he in the gut . all the frustration of the past month , not to mention year of sibling rivalry , translate into fist and elbow . Ben Zion move to break it up . tuvia and Zus turn on he . zus be this you business ? Zus gain the upper hand and start to beat the crap put of tuvia . finally , in desperation tuvia roll away and pick up a rock . he be about to slam it into he brother 's head when suddenly he stop himself . the two brother look at each other , both breathe heavily -- realize that they have cross some line . zus ( cont 'd ) ( call out ) Ben Zion . krensky . lova. Israel . let 's go. ( to tuvia ) we be go to join the real partisan . he look at asael . zus ( cont 'd ) be you come ? asael look at one brother , then the other . once again , he be in the middle . he look at chaya , then back at Zus . asael no . zus good . I will dance at you wedding . he stop by Bella 's side , touch she arm , then disappear down the trail . the other follow . CUT to : 95 the outskirt of novogrudok 95 tuvia and asael feel naked outside the safety of the forest . in the distance the city loom . 95a the street of novogrudok 95a tuvia and asael pass by the barb wire and machine - gun of the guard and dog man the barrier to the ghetto . goldenrod revision - 8-16-07 59a . 96 the wall of the novogrudok ghetto 96 tuvia and asael climb over a dilapidate wall . double yellow revision - 10-8-07 60 . 97 the deserted street of the ghetto 97 people peer out from behind shutter window . other hurry to get off the street . tuvia consult a hand -drawn map . tuvia this way . 98 omitted 98 98a ext . forest - day 98a Zus , lova and Ben Zion march alongside the Russians partisan . double yellow revision - 10-8-07 61 . 99 a apartment in the ghetto - day 99 that might once have be home to a family - of - four now house fifteen . tuvia and asael be deep in conversation with several elder of the ghetto Council elder # 1 we be not so naive as to believe they will not kill some of we . but all the Jews ? it make no sense . they need we to work . in the factory . the labor camp . tuvia notice a pretty girl stand on a chair in order to hear . her name be lilka and we will soon come to know she . ( continued ) yellow revision - 7-30-07 62 . 99 continued : 99 tuvia there be rumor . of death camp . elder # 1 we too have hear of such place . but have you see they yourself ? can you tell I , with absolute certainty , that we be not just as likely to die out there with you in the wood with Winter come on ...? someone whistle from the street below . a tense moment . another whistle . all clear . elder # 1 ( cont 'd ) -- do you think we have not all consider run away ? for every one that leave they kill twenty . how can I sacrifice thousand for the sake of a few ? " tuvia look at they , rub he face in concentration . tuvia what if we be to take all of you ? elder # 1 the old , the sick ? there be thousand . how will we live ? tuvia we will protect you . we have make alliance with the Russian partisan . elder # 1 they be as bad as the nazi' . you be too young to know the pogrom -- ( continued ) double GREEN revision - 10-14-07 63-63a . 99 continued : ( 2 ) 99 tuvia slam he fist on a table . tuvia you want time ? Fine , I give you a day . a month . maybe a year . to live ! ( to a older couple ) you daughter be out there with we . ( to another woman ) you husband be wait for you . a old orthodox rabbi stand nearby . tuvia ( cont 'd ) rabbi ? rabbi we ... be wait for God . tuvia look at he in disbelief . such madness be incontrovertible . a suspend moment . lilka I be go . this break the log jam . several other join in , " we be come , " " we , too , " etc . tuvia nod he acknowledgment . CUT to : 100 a courtyard in the novogrudok ghetto - night 100 a crude tunnel have be dig through a ghetto wall . people squeeze through into the adjoin alley . behind they , a hundred more await they turn . out in the alley , asael stop they momentarily as a car go by at the end of the street , then give the all - clear . tuvia take lilka ' hand and help she pass through . they eye meet for just a moment . CUT to : 100a omitted 100 a ( continued ) double goldenrod revision - 10-21-07 63b-63c . 101 the forest camp 101 the new arrival file in . Men wear citify coat and some woman have fur . they eye the veteran , think , ' how dirty they be ' ; the veteran eye they warily , wonder , ' how will we feed they ? ' a handmade sign read , " New Jerusalem . " chaya be re-unite with she parent . she hold asael 's arm and look up at he with absolute rapture . she be he . malbin be collect valuable . one well -dress woman be reluctant to part with she jewelry . well -dress woman but they be my grandmother 's ... ( continued ) goldenrod revision - 8-16-07 64 . 101 continued : ( 2 ) 101 malbin and now they belong to the otriad . everyone sacrifice for the sake of the collective . we can trade this for food or weapon . next ... nearby , shimon be interviewing another line of arrival . shimon -- how about carpenter ? any bootmaker ? seamstress ? arrival # 1 I be a accountant . shimon ( deadpan ) that should come in handy . next ... riva I be a nurse . shimon ahhh ... welcome . and you , tateh ? oppenheim be a old man with thick glass . oppenheim I be a watchmaker . tuvia have walk over to observe . tuvia can you repair gun ? oppenheim gun ? no. tuvia ( hand he a rifle ) see if you can fix this trigger . oppenheim slip on a pair of spectacle and study the mechanism . it stick . he dig into he pocket and produce a small file and expertly begin to shave the metal spur . he test it , then hand it back to tuvia , who click the trigger . tuvia ( cont 'd ) you have a new profession . a murmur of appreciation ripple through the group as shulman appear -- lead a magnificent white horse . ( continued ) double goldenrod revision - 10-21-07 65 . 101 continued : ( 3 ) 101 shulman look what we find run free . must have belong to a aristocrat . tuvia my God , she 's beautiful . ( stroke she flank ) May I ? he mount she easily , urge she around the perimeter , greeting the new arrival . head turn as he trot past . he be the center of attention , and he know it . and like it . tuvia ( cont 'd ) Friends , we be happy to see you safely among we . but there be many thing you must learn about live here ... all attention turn to he . the lubczanski brother grumble to each other , none too pleased with tuvia 's show -boat . tuvia ( cont 'd ) once you be settle , you will be assign work duty . everyone work , no exception . 101a intercut image 101a of people be introduce to various task : shoemake , sewing , cooking . asael teach they to use gun . tuvia we will help supply the Russian partisan by make clothes , repair gun . 101b back to tuvia on horseback 101b malbin catch he eye and wink -- clearly this have be part of they " strategy " discussion . tuvia woman will learn to use weapon and fight alongside man . tuvia take a rifle from asael and hold it aloft . tuvia ( cont 'd ) this be not a gun . it be bar kochba 's spear . it be ehud 's sword . you will all learn to protect yourselves . a little boy hold lilka 's hand and look up at tuvia in wonder . he cut a iconic figure . ( continued ) double goldenrod revision - 10-21-07 65a . 101b continued : 101b little boy ( to lilka ) he be a Jew ? lilka be equally strike -- although there be something more than wonder in she regard . she nod . tuvu pregnancy be forbidden . we cannot accommodate a infant 's need . we bunker be overcrowded so you will have to build new one . he look out over the sea of expectant face . tuvia ( continuing ) ... this be the one place in all of belorussia where a Jew can be free . ( look out over they ) we will make again , here in this forest , the life that be take from you . we welcome you into we community . double yellow revision - 10-8-07 66 . 101c later - tuvia be walking he horse beside the river 101c when riva stop he . riva you be tuvia bielski ? you be really he ? ( tuvia nod tentatively ) you be a hero . a maccabee . she vigorously shake tuvia 's hand and walk away . tuvia catch he reflection in the water . and like it . 102 the camp at dawn - to establish 102 102a in a underground bunker - dawn 102a lilka awaken to find ten women wedge in beside she -- back to front -- like spoon . idly , she begin to itch she scalp . then she leg . in the pale morning light she see that she be crawl with lice . she scream . the woman around she wake up , terrify . lilka get they off ! get they off I ! chaya what ? where ? lilka everywhere ! oh , my GOD , oh , my GOD ... riva lice need somewhere to sleep , too . the other laugh , but lilka be on the verge of hysteria . she stumble out , step on several other as she go . 102b outside the bunker 102b crying , she tear at she clothes -- only to discover tuvia and other stare at she with interest . she be mortify . 102c later that day 102c the women wash clothes in the stream . lilka be by the riverbank , scrubbing furiously . tamara work beside she . tamara you get rid of they quick if you boil they . ( continued ) cherry revision - 9-2-07 66a . 102c continued : 102c lilka be grateful for this bit of camp wisdom . bella tamara , come on in , it 's freezing and slimy and horrible . tamara shake she head , no . riva so modest ... bella ... so last night I dream I be take a real bath . with hot water . rachel and soap . ( continued ) yellow revision - 7-30-07 66b . 102c continued : ( 2 ) 102c riva and bubbles . chaya oh , take I to that dream ! riva I be dream of shoe ... chaya shoe , riva ? riva there be a man in a shop on grudek street ... and the way he caress my foot when I try on he shoe ... riva swoon . the woman burst into ribald laughter . the SOUND of a horse . they look to the opposite bank where : tuvia ride by on he horse . lilka can not help but stare . bella do not take a fortune teller to know what lilka 's dream about ... lilka blushes furiously . the woman laugh even louder . CUT to : 103 a flat stretch of train track 103 gramov show Zus how to plant a disk - like contact mine . gramov -- bury underneath with this detonator -- ( indicate a finger - like protrusion ) -- almost touch the rail . as the train pass , its weight cause pressure on the detonator , and then -- ( very loud ; in English ) boom ! Zus fall over , startle . gramov laugh . partisan humor . double yellow revision - 10-8-07 67 . 104 forest camp # 2 104 chaya be on kitchen detail with tamara . tamara yesterday , potato with beet , today , beet with potato . special treat tomorrow ... potato soup . with beet . not far away , arkady and several other have create a primitive still -- turn potato into vodka . arkady we love potato , do not we , boy ! here , put some hair on you chest ! they give aron he first taste . nearby Bella be walk , arm in arm , with asael . bella so ...a little bird tell I that a certain someone be wait ... for another certain someone to ask a certain question ... go on ... she indicate chaya by wiggling she eyebrow in she direction . asael shake he head but head in that direction . 104a nearby 104a asael " happen " to bump into chaya . asael hello , chaya . chaya hello , asael . asael May ... I help you ? chaya wash clothes ? I ... do not think so . a awkward moment as he stand there watch she . asael chaya ... i...was ...wonder ...if ... maybe...you ... I mean ... you and I -- ( continued ) double GREEN revision - 10-14-07 67a . 104a continued : 104a chaya I accept . asael you do ? chaya I do . 104b another day 104b asael and chaya be get marry . a light snow be fall as they say repeat they vow as shimon instruct . they breath condense in the cold . asael behold thou art consecrate unto I by this ring accord to the law of mose and Israel . but rather than a ring , asael give she a shiny new rifle . as the ceremony continue , we : 104c intercut : a tree line overlooking a muddy road 104c Zus , Ben Zion and several bielski fighter hide alongside ten russian partisan as a german troop truck approach . pachenko watch as Zus follow the approach truck through binocular , then cock the heavy machine gun . the truck slow to a crawl as it encounter a overturn peasant cart block the road . 104d back to the wedding 104d as asael kiss the bride , tuvia be stare not at the newlywed but rather at lilka , who have wash and let down she hair . she glance up and meet he eye , then look away . as asael crush the traditional glass underfoot : 104e zus open FIRE . 104e the driver slump over the wheel and the truck careen lazily off the road . german soldier spill out , blindly return fire as Zus 's fighter swarm down the hill . several be hit right away . 104f intercut : the growing ecstasy of the wedding celebration 104f with the frenzy of battle . people dance and sing , they joy juxtapose with the murderous intensity of the firefight , they twirling movement a crack mirror of the death agony of fighter of both side as they be hit and fall . ( continued ) double salmon revision - 10-21-07 67b . 104f continued : 104f some of the inexperienced jewish fighter freeze , some fire they weapon blindly . Ben Zion do well . zus run among they , fiercely exhorting they to attack . zus get up ! move ! shoot or i'll shoot you ... from a vantage point in the rock viktor watch , hearten by Zus ' natural aggression . german soldier take cover behind the overturn truck effectively returning FIRE . several partisan be kill . zus pull a potato masher grenade from he belt and run at the truck in a mad headlong assault . zus ( cont 'd ) arrrrggghhhhhhhhhhhhh ! he roll the grenade under the truck and dive away as it explode . the remain Germans raise there hand . cheering partisan leap into the truck , capture a arsenal of rifle and ammo . the jewish fighter join in the looting . boot , coat , blanket , etc . Zus approach the wounded and capture german prisoner , kneel in surrender , hand behind they neck . without hesitation , he shoot they , point -blank , one after another . viktor approach Zus , who salute . viktor you be related to bielski ? zus I be a bielski , too . viktor look at he appraisingly . viktor indeed . he walk away . Zus have find a home . 104g later - the otriad sing and dance on 104g as snow continue to fall . the young marriage be a celebration of hope over despair . dissolve to : 105 omitted 105 and and 106 106 double salmon revision - 10-21-07 68 . 107 omitted 107 double salmon revision - 10-21-07 69 . 108 omitted 108 double cherry revision - 11-1-07 70 . 109 the russian winter ( montage - music over ) 109 snow cover the camp . a drive wind . bundle in scarve , overcoat and as many layer as they can wear , Bella and chaya break ice in a pot . tamara take frozen laundry from a line . in a bunker , malbin and shimon shiver under a share blanket . woman and child stare blankly into space . riva unwrap rag from a man 's foot and examine he toe , black with frostbite . asael and tuvia be make they round . they pass aron and Rachel who have build a snowman which they top off by add a german helmet with a bullet hole in it . 109a in a storage area 109a asael show tuvia the last few potato . asael there be talk of return to the ghetto . tuvia madness . asael they have barely eat in day . even when we food mission manage to get through , there be armed patrol . farmer who once help we now guard they barn with shotgun . tuvia consider for a moment . tuvia send out more mission . and bring shotgun . tuvia set off . in every face he pass , there 's misery and accusation in the shiver body and tremble blue lip . Children stare at he with sink , haunt eye . 109aa a makeshift stable 109aa tuvia visit he beautiful horse . he unty he . 109 ab later - in the food line 109 ab a whisper run through the group ... " meat " ... " what kind ? " ... " where would it come from ? " tuvia watch they eat hungrily . 109b omitted 109b double salmon revision - 10-21-07 71 . 109c omitted 109c and and 109d 109d 109e a stable - night 109e snow fall outside . several partisan be sing . Zus be drink heavily with viktor ; they take pinch of salt with each swallow . viktor finish a bottle , toss it . viktor another dead soldier ! Zus look at he , bleary - eye , confuse . viktor explain : viktor ( cont 'd ) more dead soldier than empty bottle . zus ( slurring he word ) that be so ... Russian . he crack open another bottle and take a big slug . viktor at least you drink like one . zus 'a Jew can not drink , a Jew can not fight . ' what be it we be good at , viktor ? dying . that be what we be good at . viktor so tell I about this brother of yours ... zus . asael ? viktor you be such a idiot . ( continued ) double cherry revision - 11-1-07 71a . 109e continued : 109e zus I know who you mean ... the great tuvia bielski . savior of the Jews and all around Big shit . viktor you compete with he . zus he compete with I . viktor my older brother and I have the same relationship . zus he be a Big shit also ? viktor a soldier . ( a long moment ) he be kill in the first hour of the german invasion . this sober they up a bit . 109f in the zemylanka 109f lilka be shiver , she eye inward and unfocus . tuvia lilka ? lilka sorry , tuvia . I be ... think . it 's nothing . he look at she intently , know there 's more . lilka ( cont 'd ) ... every time new people come into camp , I keep hope ... even though , I know ... ( she tooth be chatter ) ... I be sorry . tuvia everyone here have lose someone . she look up at he , helpless to be so reveal . lilka you too ? tuvia ( a small nod ) here ... he take off he wool coat and put it around she shoulder . ( continued ) double goldenrod revision - 10-21-07 71b . 109f continued : 109 F lilka no. today I go on my first food mission . tuvia 's order have consign she to this dangerous duty . tuvia I will have asael send someone else . lilka no . I must go now . I want to go . she be clearly scared but desperate not to show it . he reach into he belt and hand she a revolver . tuvia you know how to use this ? she nod . leave , she pass the lubczanski brother , who be on they way in . double salmon revision - 10-21-07 72 . 110 on motl and arkady 110 motl lubczanski she be a tasty one , you aristocrat . tuvia she be not my aristocrat . arkady lubczanski no ? we be tell , 'hands off , ' property of the Commander . tuvia just stare , dare he to continue . 111 later that day 111 tuvia walk past the now -empty stable head into the wood . a voice call out of the misty snow . voice halt ! who goe there --! tuvia lazar . I be come from camp . the danger be from that come to camp . lazar ( sheepish ) sorry , tuvia ... ( continued ) double cherry revision - 11-1-07 73. 111 continued : 111 tuvia no sign of the food mission ? lazar not yet . tuvia look anxiously into the deep wood . 111a meanwhile - deep in the wood 111a lilka and shulman be walk backwards , retrace they step to obscure they footprint in the drift snow . shulman we must not have any track lead back to base . he load two sack of food onto she shoulder . shulman ( cont 'd ) stay on this side of the creek until you reach the river then up the hill . ( point the way ) I will wait here for the other . she nod and trudge on toward camp through waist - deep snow . 112 back in camp - outside a makeshift infirmary 112 as they head toward a zemylanka , riva be briefing tuvia on the sick . every now and then , he glance toward the wood . riva -- several case of pneumonia ... also I be beginning to see sign of scurvy . no one 's have a vegetable in week . lazar tuvia ! lazar be drag a wounded man back into camp . riva bring he to the infirmary . tuvia glance back toward the wood . look at he watch . riva ( cont 'd ) ... shulman will look after she . he look up . she look at he sympathetically . apparently he interest in lilka isn ' quite as secret as he imagine . 112a back to the wood 112a exhausted , cold and alone , lilka be become increasingly disorient in a snowy landscape where every tree look ( continued ) double salmon revision - 10-21-07 73a . 112a continued : 112a alike . she turn in a circle , try to decide which way to go . a mangy dog appear out of nowhere , its coat matte , its rib show , a wild look in its eye . it growls ferociously . lilka shoo -- shoo -- ( continued ) double cherry revision - 11-1-07 74 . 112a continued : ( 2 ) 112a but the dog , as ravenous as she , smell the food and will not back down . it inch forward , foaming at the mouth . lilka try to step back but the dog lunge , snap its jaw . it 's terrifying . she look desperately for help . suddenly the dog leap at she . she turn away and it rip a sack from she shoulder , knock she down . viciously it begin tear the sack apart in search of the food within . a shot ring out . the dog drop . lilka hold the smoking gun in two hand . grimly , she pocket the weapon , pick up the sack of food , and start off . reconsider , she walk back and hoist the dead dog onto she shoulder , too . more food . 112b in the infirmary 112b riva bandage edjelman 's head . tuvia look at all the sick . tuvia what 's wrong with they all ? riva if it 's typhus we be in trouble . the lice be carrier . asael the partisan have ampicillin . but they say they need it for themselves . in the background lilka enter , face scratch , blood smear hand and arm -- like some kind of primitive huntress . asael ( cont 'd ) ( see he be distract ) tuvia ... tuvia Medicine for typhus . I hear you . I will go see viktor right away . on he way out , he pass lilka , who be be look after . tuvia ( cont 'd ) be you all right ? lilka fine. ( hand he the gun ) thank you . tuvia can clearly see that she be shake -- but he have no time to ask more . he have to find out about the medicine . tuvia I must go . salmon revision - 8-19-07 75 . 113 the partisan encampment ( to establish snow ) 113 114 inside a tent 114 viktor , gramov and Zus be poring over a map of the area . viktor -- and every time we try to move , they radio back to police hq which house the transmitter ... here . zus -- so we attack the transmitter . viktor yes , yes , my Hebrew warrior . except for the troops in stankiewcze and the machine gun out front . the tent flap open . tuvia enter . he have develop a cough . viktor ( cont 'd ) two bielski 's in one room ! to what do we owe this honor ? tuvia we have sickness . I need ampicillin . viktor this medicine be reserve for fighter . tuvia if typhus break out in we camp , it may spread to yours . viktor I will have to take that chance . Zus look from one immovable force to the other . tuvia I must insist . comrade . viktor you would better not . Zus be watch this dick -measure with keen interest . zus there would be medicine in the police headquarters at stankiewcze , yes ? ( continued ) blue revision - 6-26-07 76 . 114 continued : 114 he look to gramov , who look to viktor , who nod . zus ( cont 'd ) tuvia and I grow up there . ( look at tuvia ) perhaps the bielski otriad will volunteer to take out the transmitter . viktor look from Zus to tuvia . tuvia of course . Zus grab he submachine gun . zus krensky , Ben Zion . let 's go . CUT to : 115 the town of stakiewicze 115 be quiet at midnight on this snowy evening . 116 in a back alley 116 tuvia and Zus sit in the cab of a old truck , its exhaust send plume of condensation into the freezing night . zus well ... he look into the back where the other wait , anxiously clutching they weapon . tuvia try to hold back a cough . zus ( cont 'd ) stay with the truck . and make sure it 's in gear when we get back . tuvia I be go in with you . zus I give the order tonight . across the square , the police station loom . tuvia you do not have to do this . zus I do not ? ( a bitter laugh ) what about the typhus ? ( continued ) pink revision - 7-18-07 77 . 116 continued : 116 tuvia so more die . they will anyway . a grim smile from Zus. tuvia be break up inside . zus I have be give this mission by my superior officer . he start to get out the cab . tuvia reach into he pocket , take out the mezuzah that once bless they parent ' home . tuvia Zus ... ( hand he the mezuzah ) for luck . Zuz pocket it and join the other creep into the shadow . but rather than follow they into the police station , we hold on tuvia 's face . suddenly we hear the sound of gunfire . then nothing . ten second . more gunfire . twenty . it be excruciate . thirty . the longest close - up in film history . 117 intercut - flash of what be happening inside ... 117 Ben Zion burst in and open fire , kill two policeman . krensky jump the counter and smashes the transmitter . a policeman appear behind they on the stair and shoot krensky in the back . Ben Zion whirl and kill he . 117a tuvia want to help . he pull he gun , unlocks the door . 117a open it . stop . he have promised to wait with the truck . Zus , meanwhile , rummages cabinet , look for ampicillin . BEN zion let 's go ! in the back room , Zus keep rummage . a window explode . Ben Zion be hit . mortally wounded , he sink to he knee , return fire as Zus reappear . 118 tuvia watch 118 as Zus burst out the door . he race to the truck and struggle into the passenger seat , bleeding from he shoulder . zus go. go ! tuvia what about the other ?! ( continued ) pink revision - 7-18-07 77a . 118 continued : 118 zus go , damn you ! 119 in the truck ( traveling ) 119 from he coat Zus take out a blood - soaked package . ( continued ) double cherry revision - 11-1-07 78 . 119 continued : 119 zus Medicine . tuvia the other ? zus fighter die so that malbushim may live , that 's what you believe , yes ? tuvia absorb the accusation as if take a punch . tuvia so you be a communist now , Zus ? Zus lay he head back on the seat , close he eye . zus Communist , Zionist , manicurist , what difference do it make ? you get you medicine . tuvia come back to we . Zus will not look at he . tuvia ( cont 'd ) you be my brother . zus so you remember . CUT to : 120 a mourner' circle in the tree 120 for Ben Zion and krensky . shimon address the group . shimon merciful God , we commit we friend Ben Zion and krensky to you care . we have no more prayer , no more tear . we have run out of blood . choose another people we pan past the familiar face . shimon ( cont 'd ) we have pay for each of you commandment . we have cover every field and stone with ash . sanctify another land . ( look at they ) choose another people . teach they the deed and the prophecies . grant we but one more bless -- take back the gift of we holiness . yellow revision - 7-30-07 79 . 121 in a zemylanka - later that day 121 tuvia be still drink heavily . he be coughing steadily , he face sweaty with fever . the SOUND of angry voice from outside the bunker . 122 outside - in the food line 122 arkady lubczanski have pull a knife on asael , who back away , stumbling into a group of bystander . arkady next time , I cut off you nose , pisher . tuvia emerge from he bunker . he be weaving a bit and he word be slur . tuvia whassa problem , arkady ? arkady that who risk they life to bring back food deserve a larger portion than that who risk nothing . asael everyone get the same portion . arkady not when you be serve , pisher . I see you digging to the bottom of the pot for you little forest cutie and she parent ... asael she be my wife ! tuvia policy be ... same for all . if someone be steal he will face consequence . asael be astonished that tuvia would go against he in public and embarrassed by he public drunkenness . asael what consequence ? other be closely watch this test of tuvia 's authority . tuvia reduced ration for one week . ( a beat ) both of you . ( continued ) salmon revision - 8-19-07 80 . 122 continued : 122 arkady what ?! tuvia ( in he face ) be you questioning my decision ? arkady be tempt to take he on . but he back down . tuvia ( cont 'd ) ( raise he voice ) this matter be settle . everybody back in line . people be stare at he . tuvia ( cont 'd ) what be you looking at ? back in line ! his eye meet lilka 's . she look away . asael take tuvia 's arm and pull he aside . asael tuvia , I would never -- tuvia yes . I know . asael then why be I to be punish ...? tuvia just take another swallow from he bottle . asael ( cont 'd ) Fischer be with they . so be Levine . on food mission , they take first for themselves and only bring back what 's leave over -- tuvia 's head be throbbing . he close he eye . asael ( cont 'd ) -- and they spread rumor , that you be power-hungry and corrupt , that you take whatever woman you choose -- ( tuvia can not help but laugh ) -- that we keep gold for ourselves , and that -- he stop himself . tuvia -- what ? ( continued ) salmon revision - 8-19-07 81 . 122 continued : ( 2 ) 122 asael ... that you drink too much and be no longer fit to lead we . tuvia . maybe they be right . asael look at he . no longer the brother he once idealize . asael Zus would have punch he senseless . tuvia Zus . asael I miss he .  tuvia he have make he choice . he reel away toward the wood . CUT to : 122a in he zemylanka - later 122a tuvia be lie in he bunker , vomit and burn up with fever . shimon have bring he soup . shimon drink this . ( wink ) from the bottom of the pot . tuvia can barely get the soup down . tuvia ... the way they look at I ... with they pasty face . let they starve , we be all go to die out here anyway . shimon not easy be the big boss . mose be a lonely man when he lead we out of bondage . tuvia ... mose . shimon so I be a sucker for a biblical allusion . but what be society without leader . without leader , we falter . ( continued ) double cherry revision - 11-1-07 81a . 122a continued : 122a tuvia I be not a leader . shimon neither be mose , but somehow that seem to work out . CUT to : 123 the partisan camp 123 several partisan be sing a drink song while Zus silently soak he foot in a bucket . lova walk in . his face be black and blue . zus lova , what happen ? who do this ? lova sit and bury he head in he hand . zus ( cont 'd ) lova . tell I . who ? lova gramov . two other . I use the officer 's latrine . zus for this they beat you ? lova be try not to weep . lova they say they would not shit in the same hole as a Jew . Zus get to he foot . CUT to : 123a int . panchenko' tent -- moment later 123a Zus burst in to find panchenko deep in conversation with gramov and other . they look up at the intrusion . zus forgive I , Commander . panchenko Zus. join we . he offer he a glass of vodka . Zus do not take it . zus I want to report the mistreatment of a comrade . gramov look up . Zus meet he eye . ( continued ) double goldenrod revision - 10-21-07 81b . 123a continued : 123a zus ( cont 'd ) this man beat comrade lova -- for no reason at all . gramov I have a perfectly good reason . he be a Jew . the other man laugh . panchenko frown at gramov . panchenko -- and you be a ignorant tartar . ( offer Zus vodka ) ignore he . here ... zus anti-semitism be a violation of Party discipline . panchenko sigh . do he really have to deal with this ? panchenko he 's right , gramov . apologize to the Jew . gramov I apologize , Jew . panchenko there . you see ? ( ...a command ) now drink up . Zus do not know what to do . he accept the vodka . 124 ext . the bielski camp ( to establish ) 124 Guards ring the snowy perimeter . 125 omitted 125 126 the blurred image of a angel framed by a halo of sunlight 126 as it swim into focus . tuvia open he eye . it be lilka . she sit beside he , mop he forehead with a cool rag . lilka you fever break in the night . the medicine help . tuvia how long be I asleep ? lilka two day . ( continued ) salmon revision - 8-19-07 81c-83. 126 continued : 126 tuvia and you have nurse I the whole time ? lilka chaya help . tuvia do you study nursing at university ? lilka we devote ourselves to more essential knowledge -- like Greek philosophy and Latin . ( continued ) salmon revision - 8-19-07 84 . 126 continued : ( 4 ) 126 tuvia I never go to university . lilka what kind of work do you do ? before . tuvia my wife 's father have a store . before the Race law . ( look at she ) she be be dead . lilka I be sorry . tuvia tell I more about university . lilka it all feel like a dream . I spend month try to master chopin 's nocturn . tuvia I would love to hear you play . lilka you know chopin ? tuvia who do not ? chopin the butcher from novogrudok . lilka ( laugh ) if you be well enough to tease I , you be well enough to eat . I will see what 's for supper . she get up to go . tuvia thank you , lilka . 127 outside tuvia' bunker 127 the lubczanski be have take the fullest advantage of tuvia 's illness . there be now two line of people wait for food . the malbushim line up like prison inmate . lazar look into he bowl -- two bean float in a scummy broth . in the shorter line motl , arkady , Fischer , Levine and a few other be enjoy real food . lazar call out from the other line . ( continued ) double cherry revision - 11-1-07 85 . 127 continued : 127 lazar hey , arkady this be not soup , it 's piss . arkady I will piss on you head and you will say it 's raining . eat it . the rest of lubczanski 's cabal laugh . tuvia emerge from he bunker . the first thing he see be asael , whose face be batter and swollen . tuvia what happen ? asael just look over at the food line -- where arkady have grab chaya by the waist -- to the delight of the other . tuvia stride over to they . tuvia ( cont 'd ) what be this ? arkady New policy . fighter get better food . tuvia against my order ... arkady you be no longer Commander . sorry . tuvia nod , consider he remark for a moment . and then take out he pistol and shoot arkady in the chest ! he then turn the gun on motl and the other -- they literally cower in fear . he raise he voice to that watch . tuvia as long as I be the leader of this group , you will obey my command . there will be no more complaining ! no more sitting ! no more do nothing . anyone want to leave , they leave . now ! the rest work . every morning we get up and we work . we work . in the snow and the cold and the dark . tomorrow we begin to build ten new zemylanka , we double the number of food mission . ... we work . ( look down at arkady ) take he body into the wood and leave it for the wolf . he turn and walk away . as he pass the food line , people subtly move out of he way and whisper after he be go . ( continued ) double cherry revision - 11-1-07 85a . 127 continued : ( 2 ) 127 whereas once he be greet warmly by all , now he isolation be complete . he be the Commander . double cherry revision - 11-1-07 86 . 127a tuvia careen through the tree 127a tripping over root , and finally lean against a tree , he be mumble , almost incoherent -- part prayer , part profanity . dissolve to : 128 omitted 128 129 the first bud of spring 129 struggle through patch of snow . Ice drip from branch . 130 omitted 130 130a the otriad 130a take a group portrait . the forest be green again . 131 the sunshine be warm 131 on the woman 's body as they bathe in the river . chaya who have the soap ? I know there be a little leave ? bella use the sand . it 's good for you skin . riva and what skin ! and already marry , too ! Bella laugh . chaya splashes she playfully with water . bella I have turn into a skeleton . chaya and you be always so worried about stay slim . bella when we get out of this forest I be go to eat only cake and grow as big as a house . tamara appear . she 's wear a long overcoat . lilka join we . at least the sun be warm . ( tamara turn away ; lilka join she ) tamara ? tamara I can not , lilka ... ( lower she voice ) I be pregnant . ( continued ) double salmon revision - 10-21-07 86a . 131 continued : 131 lilka I have no idea . tamara I have keep it hide for month but now it 's obvious . no one can know . they move away from the other . tamara show she . tamara ( cont 'd ) it could come any day . ( continued ) double cherry revision - 11-1-07 87 . 131 continued : ( 2 ) 131 lilka .. who be the father ? tamara I - -- it be when I be escape . a man with a gun stop I . I think he be a partisan . he tell I to follow he and he take I to this place ... the memory overwhelm she . she begin to break down . tamara ( cont 'd ) Inside I something break .... I want to die . every night I have nightmare -- what will happen when tuvia find out . lilka he will understand . tamara no . you must not tell he ! lilka I will not . do not worry . ( touch she arm ) what be you go to do ? tamara 's eye fill with a new resolve . tamara I feel this new life inside I . it 's the only thing keep I go . I will not give it up , I will kill myself . lilka put she arm around she . 131a in the deep forest -- aron be out hunting 131a from he belt hang the pelt of two dead rabbit . he hear a SOUND . Three german soldier be put camouflage on they helmet . Beyond , a german armore column . the assault be come . CUT to : 132 the camp 132 where shimon and malbin be play chess . shimon have develop a bad cough . malbin you call that a move ? shimon I call it a inevitable conclusion base on unimpeachable reason . ( more ) ( continued ) double GREEN revision - 10-14-07 a87 . 132 continued : 132 shimon ( cont 'd ) the question , my friend the genius , be what be you go to do about it . ( continued ) cherry revision - 9-2-07 87a . 132 continued : ( 2 ) 132 malbin I be think about what I be go to do about it . shimon aha ! I get he ! malbin you do not get I . you think you get I ? how about this ? shimon ( gobsmacked ) who would make a move like that ? malbin a genius maybe . tuvia have be listen nearby . aron race into the camp . aron tuvia ... we see aron whisper in tuvia 's ear . ( continued ) double salmon revision - 10-21-07 88. 132 continued : ( 3 ) 132 tuvia ( call out ) asael ! asael come run . tuvia ( cont 'd ) get a message to Zus . he 's get to tell viktor they be come . CUT to : 133 omitted 133 133a ext . camp perimeter - day later 133a tuvia stand peer out into the forest . asael join he . asael lazar spot another patrol . they be get closer . tuvia nod . suddenly , he hear a strange sound . a animal ? tuvia do you hear that ? 134 in the women' zemylanka 134 we hear the SOUND for what it be ... the cry of a newborn . a baby boy in this mud manger . riva and lilka have assist . tamara hold she new baby to she breast . suddenly -- the blanket serve as a door be swept aside . tuvia stand there . tamara cry out and shield the baby . lilka spring up and push he back outside . 135 outside the bunker 135 tuvia walk angrily . lilka keep up . lilka she promise not to take extra food ... tuvia this be against my order . lilka so you be go to shoot she , too ? tuvia stare at she . he have never see this side of she . lilka ( cont 'd ) please , tuvia . the baby be all she have to live for . tuvia I can not allow it . he turn away . ( continued ) double salmon revision - 10-21-07 88a . 135 continued : 135 lilka spin he around , surprising he with she strength and the strength of she passion . ( continued ) pink revision - 7-18-07 89 . 135 continued : ( 2 ) 135 lilka you must let it live ! tuvia I can not keep the live alive . tamara and the man who fathere this child be responsible for its fate . lilka she be rape by the Nazis . tuvia close he eye . he be tired of be in charge , tired of be the arbiter of other people ' fate . lilka ( cont 'd ) ... you tell we to hold onto we humanity . not to become like animal . what better way than by bring a life into this world of suffer and death . it 's we only hope . tuvia be undone by she intensity . the very nearness of she . the smell of she newly - wash hair . the glow of she skin . he look at she . and nod in surrender . lilka ( cont 'd ) thank you , tuvia . she kiss he . a chaste kiss of gratitude . she pull back and they look into each other 's eye . the next kiss be something entirely different . tuvia lilka ... lilka I know what be expect of the woman here -- yet you never touch I ... tuvia shhh .. lilka I be not afraid of anything , tuvia . I be not even afraid of you . they kiss deeply . 136 in tuvia' bunker - later 136 lilka lie in he arm . ( continued ) double goldenrod revision - 10-21-07 90 . 136 continued : 136 tuvia the Germans be come into the forest . I do not know what be go to become of we . lilka it do not matter . if I have stay in the ghetto I would be dead . you save my life . tuvia no . you have save mine . he reach for she but before they can begin to make love again -- the blanket door be pushed aside . malbin be there . malbin oh ... ..i..... hello , lilka . lilka hello , asael . tuvia yes ? malbin we have catch one . CUT to : 137 a german ss scout , hand tied behind he back 137 be lead into the clear . he wear the same uniform as that who march the villager into the forest for execution . asael he 's a scout . tuvia they be come for we . Group member have begin to gather around he . they begin to hurl insult -- schtik drek , paskudnyak -- as the hapless man be push to he knee . asael we find this in he pouch . he hand tuvia a sheaf of document -- include a map . ( continued ) cherry revision - 9-2-07 91 . 137 continued : 137 tuvia entrance point , wetland , obstacle . ( hand it to shimon ) you read this . shimon ( be : the document ) they have assign a entire division to surround the forest . a tidal wave be come . asael do not they have a war to fight ? shimon ( still read ) assault begin in two day . passover . how fitting . meanwhile , some of the group have begin tormenting the man . motl monster ! he kick he in the head . shulman bulvan ! shulman punch he in the face . german courier bitte .... bitte ... tuvia ( to asael ) do you reach viktor ? asael he 's on he way . the torment of the poor courier be gain intensity . malbin tuvia -- the german let loose a torrent of plead . german courier ich habe frau und kinder ! shimon he say he have a wife and child . lazar pick up a stick . the german try to crawl away ; the crowd block he escape , push he back into the center . ( continued ) cherry revision - 9-2-07 91a . 137 continued : ( 2 ) 137 lazar so do I ! riva if you let he go , he will lead they back here . tuvia look at malbin . what to do ? ( continued ) cherry revision - 9-2-07 92 . 137 continued : ( 3 ) 137 malbin ask if he will promise not to reveal we location . shimon translate . shimon sie mussen versprechen nicht zu sagan will wir sind . the man look up at he , pleadingly . german courier nein .... nein ... shulman he will say anything . he break the stick across the man 's back . lazar we want justice ... motl justice ... soon it be a chant : " justice ! . justice ! " tuvia look at they face . only month ago they be decorous , civilized . now they be hungry , almost feral . murderous . Bella have be silently watch . she step into the circle , look down at the terrify german man . bella my son 's name be David . David kagan . we see now that she be hold a sharpen hoe . bella ( cont 'd ) he be fifteen . he have blue eye . she raise it above she head . bella ( cont 'd ) he play the piano . she swing with all she might . the other watch with a mix of thrilled horror and perverse delight . a line have be cross . riva step forward , hold a large shovel . riva my sister 's name be ellie ... as she swing the shovel , the camera begin to back away . Miriam step forward , carry a large rock . miriam my husband be meyer ... the group close in , obscure we view of the body . aron can not take any more . he run off into the wood . ( continued ) cherry revision - 9-2-07 a92 . 137 continued : ( 4 ) 137 motl my parent , sol and raya . ( continued ) cherry revision - 9-2-07 92a . 137 continued : ( 5 ) 137 avram for my daughter , Sonya . mordecai for my mother . rachel my sister . lilka my whole family . all justice ! justice ! . tuvia close he eye . he have do nothing to stop it . asael look at malbin and shimon . they be undone by what they have witness . tuvia walk away . behind they , the group separate -- stare at the lifeless body on the ground . and then they look at each other , they blood lust sate , beginning to reckon with what they have do . what they have become . 138 tuvia stand alone in the forest , he face in shadow 138 he see aron , squatting beside a tree , cry silently . tuvia kneel beside he , cradling he . tuvia reeboynoy shel oylum ... Lord of the Universe . we have do unspeakable thing yet still I seek you mercy ... he hear something . malbin wait at the edge of the forest . his face be draw and pale from what have just happen . ( continued ) double GREEN revision - 10-14-07 93. 138 continued : 138 malbin viktor be here . CUT to : 139 viktor and zus 139 be wait in the clear . tuvia approach . he and Zus nod to each other but do not speak . it be excruciate . tuvia and viktor walk into the wood . Zus wait with other bodyguard as asael join they . Zus wear a Nazi jacket . zus he do not look good . asael I could say the same about you . where would you get the jacket ? zus let 's just say the former owner no longer have need of it . Zus wink . the other bodyguard stare impassively . zus ( cont 'd ) embrace I . asael look confuse for a moment , then embrace he . zus ( cont 'd ) ( whispering ) hide this . ( shove a revolver into he pocket ) wolnicky store ammunition for we in he barn . there 's no guard . he slap asael fondly on the cheek and rejoin he comrade . 140 viktor and tuvia 140 sit on a down tree and converse in Russian , with subtitles : viktor you find this on the prisoner ? tuvia nod . viktor study the scout 's document . tisk . tuvia we can not fight a entire division . viktor the battle on the Eastern Front have begin . the more troops we engage here , the fewer they have to attack the motherland . ( continued ) double GREEN revision - 10-14-07 93a . 140 continued : 140 tuvia we have do we part for the motherland . ( continued ) buff revision - 9-2-07 94 . 140 continued : ( 2 ) 140 viktor my order be to take command of all partisan operation . you will bring the rest of you fighter to I . tuvia and the other ? Old people , woman and child . viktor in war there be casualty . tuvia and if I refuse ? viktor you be officially a deserter . do you know the policy on deal with deserter ? viktor unfold a paper flyer from he pocket . viktor ( cont 'd ) ... the Germans be offer fifty thousand mark for information lead to you capture . ( hand it to he ) not a very flatter likeness . too jewish . viktor rejoin he bodyguard , turn back for a last word . viktor ( cont 'd ) have you man in my camp by tonight . he walk off . asael take the want poster from tuvia . asael I would not show this around . there be some who would turn you in for less . CUT to : 141 later - a spotter plane buzy high above - hunting 141 down below , viktor and the Russian partisan have strike they tent and hide beneath the shelter tree . viktor 's gaze follow the plane . he give a order into a field radio . Zus have be listen . ( continued ) salmon revision - 8-19-07 95 . 141 continued : 141 zus you want they to find tuvia 's camp . viktor just look at he . zus ( cont 'd ) you be deliberately sacrifice they so we can remain safe ? viktor no . so we can keep fight . everyone must sacrifice in the struggle . zus that be my brother . viktor I be you brother ! he be you brother ! comrade Zus . you jewish sentimentality be heart - warming , but counter - revolutionary . Zus have secretly know he would hear this word . he grip he rifle but hold he tongue . back to : 142 the spotter plane -- fly over the bielski camp 142 tuvia stare up at it . have they be spot ? shimon be sit nearby with a group of child . he look pale . his cough be worse . he be very ill . shimon ... but the child of Israel be afraid to leave Egypt . until mose say , ' do not trust in I , trust in God . ' he will take care of you ' ( a wrenching cough ) and so tomorrow we celebrate the passover by sit around and argue just as we have do for century . tuvia stare at they , a curious expression on he face . malbin come to stand beside he . malbin ( look at the plane ) do it see we ? ( continued ) pink revision - 7-18-07 96 . 142 continued : 142 tuvia tomorrow be passover . yes ? malbin ... how should I know ? tuvia mose . the exodus . malbin do not get it at first . tuvia ( cont 'd ) -- he leave before pharaoh could stop they . now malbin understand . he look at shimon . malbin you want to move they all ? the old , the sick . they will never make it . it be not the first time tuvia have consign people to they death , and apparently it will not be the last . tuvia we leave now . spread the word . 143 moment later - the bielski camp 143 be a blur of activity as everyone mobilize for evacuation . Sacks and cooking equipment be tie onto impromptu pack . asael and malbin coax the older people into motion -- asael come , tateh -- oppenheim but my tool -- the SOUND of approach aircraft . tuvia search the sky . riva pair each of the elderly with a child . tamara tuck she newborn under she coat . the SOUND of the approach aircraft grow louder . people look up , shield they eye . then from out of the sun , two ominous silhouettes : stuka dive bomber ! tuvia take cover ! 144 the scream whistle of the first bomber 144 panic the crowd . ( continued ) goldenrod revision - 8-16-07 97 . 144 continued : 144 some race into the forest ; other be freeze . tuvia grab people and bodily drag they to cover . strafing 20 mm cannon chew up the ground . several people be hit before they can reach cover . lilka herd everyone she can into : 145 a bunker 145 where people crowd in like sardine . chaya and riva gather child around they . they hear the whistle of a income shell .... boom ! dirt from the roof rain down on they . 146 bomb begin to rain down 146 dirt and debris everywhere . a incendiary shell hit high in a tree . its branch burst into flame . a hysterical woman leap out of a bunker and be blown apart . 147 meanwhile - in viktor' camp 147 Zus listen helplessly to the distant sound of bomb drop on he brother . 148 back in the bielski camp - a direct hit on a zemylanka 148 it explode into a million piece . Wood shrapnel everywhere . where once be a bunker , now there be only a gape crater . tuvia race into the maelstrom to help the wounded . a explosion knock he down he try to clear he head but he cannot focus . all SOUND fade away to be replace by a high -pitch hum . 149 tuvia' world be in slow - motion 149 falling dirt and debris , tumble body , explode bunker -- a surreal effect . 150 in real time -- the camp be be torn apart 150 cower in safety , malbin see tuvia lie in the open and gather he courage -- racing through danger to he side . malbin be you alright ? tuvia shake he head , point to he ear . he can not hear . ( continued ) goldenrod revision - 8-16-07 98 . 150 continued : 150 malbin ( cont 'd ) be ... you ... alright ? when tuvia speak , he word sound dull and muffled . tuvia must ... go ! malbin ... what ? tuvia the german ... coming ...! malbin look around , panicked . asael appear out of the smoke , yell at malbin above the din . asael get they out of the bunker ! malbin run off . asael help tuvia to he foot . a nearby explosion shower they with dirt as they crawl to safety . the world ramp back to normal speed at a dizzying rate . asael ( cont 'd ) we need to hold they off ... until the rest be safe . tuvia still can not hear . asael pantomime fire a rifle . asael ( cont 'd ) ... hold ... they ... off ! tuvia nod , try to clear the buzzing in he head . tuvia ... machine gun ... asael with Levine and Miriam ... there. ( point out position ) lazar , Rosa , and schmuel . there and there . ( tuvia nod ) and I . tuvia shake he head , no . asael ( cont 'd ) yes . he run off . still clear he head , tuvia regains he foot -- suddenly realize the the bombing have stop . goldenrod revision - 8-16-07 98a . 151 at the entry way to a zemylanka 151 malbin appear , eye wild . malbin everybody out ! now ! but the group 's natural reaction be to stay huddle in safety ( continued ) goldenrod revision - 8-16-07 99 . 151 continued : 151 malbin ( cont 'd ) the cossacks be coming ! this get the job do . people begin to crawl out . 152 other emerge from the bunkers 152 young people hold hand with old , parent with child on they back . tuvia urge lilka and Bella to hurry they into the wood . 153 meanwhile -- the assigned defender , men and women alike 153 take up they assign position : Levine man the heavy machine gun behind a log ; lazar , Miriam and Rosa in the tree . tuvia anxiously wait for the last of the woman and child to disappear into the forest . a sudden silence descend - everyone look to the sky tuvia realize the bomber have break off they attack . he know the ground troops will soon follow . he turn to asael , grab he shoulder . tuvia do not try to fight ... just slow they down . then join we . asael nod . no need for more word . they embrace fiercely . asael push chaya toward tuvia . asael take she . she resist , cling to he arm for a moment . tuvia come . he force she to join he and catch up to the other . 154 the camp 154 be eerily quiet as the dust begin to settle . the defender check they weapon with grim efficiency . they be no longer inept innocent ; they have become warrior . 155 deeper in the wood 155 tuvia catch up with the flee group and urge they on . 156 moment later -- the defender wait anxiously 156 we study they face . beautiful in they stoic acceptance . ( continued ) goldenrod revision - 8-16-07 99a . 156 continued : 156 suddenly -- a fusillade from the wood . Rosa fall dead . the defender return FIRE . Levine fire the machine gun ; Miriam feed the belt . 157 up ahead with the fleeing group 157 tuvia hear small arm fire . he know what it mean . buff revision - 9-2-07 100 . 158 back at the camp 158 the rear guard action can not hold out for very long . Tree by tree , they begin to fall back . asael fire blindly into the murky shadow . the SOUND of a man cry out . then Levine be hit . Miriam push he out of the way and take over . she expertly kill several assault troops who appear out of the wood . the rest of the attacker take cover . 159 with the fleeing group 159 malbin wait anxiously for tuvia , clutching a map . malbin ( struggle to control he panic ) this swamp here ... go ... for mile . tuvia show I . 160 back at the camp 160 lazar run from tree to tree , keep up a steady stream of fire . he be surprisingly brave . until a grenade fly out of the wood and land at he foot , kill he instantly . the assault troops have begin to outflank they . asael be suddenly in jeopardy . Sara see the danger . miriam go ! Miriam keep they attacker pin down as the two man race for new position . then she be hit . she keep fire anyway , she finger lock on the trigger even as she be die . more troops begin fire from they flank . asael have no choice but to break off . they race into the wood . 161 back to the fleeing group 161 tuvia hear the gun go silent . this , too , have meaning . 162 a rise reveal the immensity of the krasnaya gorka swamp 162 malbin stare at what lie ahead . malbin oh , my God ... ( continued ) tan revision - 9-10-07 100a . 162 continued : 162 tuvia be the other back yet ? ( malbin look stricken ; he shake he head ) .. asael ? malbin shake he head once more . asael be not come back . chaya begin to weep . riva comfort she . shulman we have get to keep go ! bella the Germans will be here any minute ! malbin ( to tuvia ) do we wait ... a while ? mordecai we could hide ... man # 3 I say , fight they here . motl yes. fight ! shulman that 's crazy ! tuvia be in hell . if he wait for asael , he risk they all be catch . suddenly it all fall apart . tuvia sink to he knee as if he leg can no longer bear he weight . malbin tuvia - -? tuvia can not speak . he have no more answer . nothing to say . he stare at the impenetrable swamp . the end of the line . the sudden vacuum of leadership be feel by they all . they stare at one another , anxious and rudderless . woman ( zoe ) my father can not make it . rona there be snake -- tamara 's newborn be cry . she try to comfort it . a old woman stare at the swamp in terror . man # 1 ( frohman ) the child ... shulman we will put they on we shoulder . ( continued ) tan revision - 9-10-07 100a1 . 162 continued : ( 2 ) 162 bella tuvia , what do we do ? oppenheim be petrify . rona be cry . malbin tuvia -- and still tuvia be silent . more argue . a general murmur of dread be rise . malbin go to kneel beside shimon , who be cover in sweat -- undone by the force march . malbin ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong with he ? shimon ( fight for breath ) ... he ... ..is ... .. tired . malbin hear something , look up . from high above - the spotter plane appear they have be find . lilka kneel beside tuvia . ( continued ) tan revision - 9-10-07 100b . 162 continued : ( 3 ) 162 she take he hand silently . lilka come -- he shake he head . tuvia you have a weapon ? she show he she revolver . he check the clip , then look into she eye . tuvia ( cont 'd ) use it on yourself before you let they take you . she nod gravely . suddenly a voice interrupt . voice why be we stop ? everyone turn . it 's asael . back from the dead . he hand off a wounded comrade to riva 's care . asael ( wild - eyed ) they be come ! ( to tuvia ) why be not we move ? tuvia look up at he , lose . almost helpless . asael ( cont 'd ) we must keep go ! tamara in there ? rona it be impossible ! more murmure . asael raise he voice . asael nothing be impossible ! what we have do be impossible ! the murmure quiet . asael meet tuvia 's eye . he be literally willing he older brother to be strong for they , as he have be , time and again . asael ( cont 'd ) God will not part this water . we will do it ourselves . rona but how ? ( continued ) goldenrod revision - 8-16-07 100b1 . 162 continued : ( 4 ) 162 asael not by miracle . by we strength . ( more ) ( continued ) cherry revision - 9-2-07 100c . 162 continued : ( 5 ) 162 asael ( cont 'd ) ( turn to the man beside he ) take the rope from you pack . ( confuse ; he obey ) now , you .... give I you belt . shulman we do not have enough rope . asael we will link arm . make a chain . a human chain . motl what be you talk about ? tuvia be deeply move . his little brother have become a man . once more , he find he voice . tuvia each person take care of the other . ( meeting asael 's eye ) . give he you belt . asael nod at tuvia gratefully . the group be hushed , apprehensive . then : one man remove he belt and offer it to asael . another stand , holding he belt and then another . one by one they offer they . there be something quietly heroic in the gesture . tuvia look at the group , look away , fight back emotion . salmon revision - 8-18-07 100d -100e . 162a they WADE in , waist high 162a people link arm and hold on for dear life yet still they flounder . a man go under , be pull up . a harrowing undertake . 162 aa the belt be roped across the deep pool 162 aa people cling to it as they drag themselves , hand over hand . ( continued ) double cherry revision - 11-1-07 101 . 162b someone climb out to walk along the bank . 162b tuvia no track on land . get back in . it be almost impossible to make any progress . especially when one be weak and malnourish . 162c in a deep bog 162c the mud stick to they clothes , face . soon they be indistinguishable from they surroundings . when one person sink in the muck , it take three to get he back on he foot . the column slow . tuvia gesture for they to keep move . they can not . literally cannot . he begin to physically push they on . sometimes harshly . eventually they be move again . CUT to : 163 a ghostly landscape 163 gnarl bare tree shroud in mist . they trudge forward , they expression want and empty . tuvia find malbin and pull he aside . tuvia ( whispering ) how much farther ? malbin shrug he shoulder . who know ...? 163a the water be almost head high 163a Parents hoist child onto they shoulder , hold weapon overhead as they claw at tall reed to propel themselves forward , step by tortuous step . shimon cling to a tree . his wrack cough be terrifying and he be deathly pale . tuvia come ... shimon can not catch he breath , he just shake he head , no . he can not go on . tuvia half - drag , half - carry he onward . CUT to : cherry revision - 9-2-07 102. 164 a spit of land in the swamp - dusk 164 they rest , eat what little food be leave . a litter carry shimon be deposit on dry ground . he be barely alive . malbin be he ...? tuvia shake he head . it 's only a matter of time . the spotter plane drone overhead . tuvia take off you glass . reflection . tuvia move off to check on the other . malbin shimon , listen to I , the physical plane be just a illusion . only the spiritual plane be real . shimon ( fight for breath ) no . the physical plane be where man act to redeem himself . malbin you have redeeme yourself enough , you should shut up now . shimon look who 's talk about shutting up ... I need to tell you something . malbin ( lean closer ) what be it ? shimon you should not think so much . the world around you be beautiful . malbin ( stunne ; look around ) this world ? shimon even this one . tuvia have come to sit beside lilka . she lean into he . tuvia we be lose . lilka no. .. no . she put she arm around he . ( continued ) cherry revision - 9-2-07 102a . 164 continued : 164 they hold each other and drift off to sleep . CUT to : 165 at nightfall - a squad of german soldier 165 sit around a campfire at the edge of the swamp . from nearby the light of they fire can be see flicker through the reed as the rag column move silently past . tuvia not a sound . pass the word . we watch as the order be pass down the line . Parents hold hand over they child ' mouth . shimon be carry on a improvise litter make of branch . CUT to : 166 a forest crossroad 166 panchenko and a few other be on horseback . behind they the rest of the partisan be march away . Zus and the jewish fighter be on foot , await order . ( continued ) double cherry revision - 11-1-07 103. 166 continued : 166 panchenko you will hold this crossroad until the brigade have complete its retreat . Zus look around at the position . zus for how long ? panchenko 's order be never to be question . panchenko until you be order to withdraw . zus and if we cannot hold the position ? panchenko look at gramov , who stand nearby cradling a submachine gun . panchenko comrade gramov will enforce discipline , if necessary . gramov smile . the implication be clear : nobody retreat . panchenko ( cont 'd ) you have serve we well , comrade . zus ( a wintry smile ) I be so honore , comrade . panchenko wheel he horse and gallop off . Zus and he man take cover in the wood . in the distance we can hear the unmistakable SOUND of approach armor . lova kneel beside Zus . lova what be we do here ? Zus ? half a mile down the road , a tank rumble into view . lova ( cont 'd ) tell I . who be we do this for ? with a shaking hand , Zus try to light a molotov cocktail but he match be wet . he reach into he pocket for more . instead he find the mezuzah that be once affix to he family 's door . as he stare at it , the SOUND of the approach tank grow louder . back to : yellow revision - 7-30-07 103a-105 . 167 the krasnaya gorka swamp 167 empty at last into a shallow river . on the opposite bank be dry land , and beyond , the deep forest . and safety . the bedraggle group make they way across . 168 omitted 168 ( continued ) GREEN revision - 8-8-07 106-106a . 169 on the opposite bank 169 asael pull people up onto dry ground . they lie there , freezing and exhaust . some can not control they shiver . shulman what 's next ... sinai ? tuvia can not help but laugh . soon they be all laugh . it ripple throughout the group . joyous . contagious . a overwhelming feel of relief . they be safe . tuvia lie on the ground . all the adrenaline have suddenly leave he body . then aron appear , tug at he sleeve . shimon be ask for he . tuvia kneel down beside he teacher , whose eye be close . malbin be weep quietly . who will he argue with ? shimon ( a whisper ) . tuvia ... tuvia right here . shimon be at the end . shimon ... something ...to say ... tuvia shhhh ... shimon ...no ... please ... ( find the strength ) I almost lose ... my faith .... but you ... be send ..by god..to save we . tuvia ridiculous . shimon I know ... ... but just ... in case ... . I thank .... he ... . and I thank you . he close he eye . it 's too much for tuvia . hard as he try , he cannot stop the tear from fill he eye . ( continued ) GREEN revision - 8-8-07 107 . 170 suddenly -- up the riverbank 170 tree begin to fall over -- as if push by a dinosaur . a panzer tank emerge onto the bank , less than a quarter - of - mile away . its turret begins to swivel the menace gun turn in they direction . 171 the group be caught out in the OPEN . 171 the tank roar FIRE . the first round explode among they . several be kill . tuvia back to the river ! he push people down . they cling to the bank , cower . that with weapon take cover , use the embankment as if it be the lip of a trench . they return FIRE -- old man , young woman , even some child . 172 a squad of german infantry advance 172 behind the tank , use it as protection . aron kill one . but the Germans be well - train . they direct a wither fire -- force the partisan to keep they head below the embankment . but the tank be unstoppable it turn its attention on the riverbank -- its first round sail overhead , send up a huge geyser of water . but the next round plows into the earth , tear a huge chunk of earth and kill two of the brigade . tuvia grab a satchel and begin fill it with grenade . he throw the satchel over malbin 's head , grab he arm and race , crouching low , beneath the lip of the riverbank . asael provide cover fire . so do lilka , chaya and the woman alongside the man . up ahead a stand of tree hide tuvia from view as he climb out of the river and head into the forest . he pull malbin down just as a squad of german infantry approach and begin to set up a heavy machine gun . ( continued ) GREEN revision - 8-8-07 107a . 172 continued : 172 tuvia pop up behind they , spraying they with he submachine gun . he then turn the heavy machine gun on the infantry advance behind the tank -- to devastating effect . but now , the tank turn its attention to tuvia . its machine gun begin to chew up the forest , force tuvia to take cover . without pause to think , malbin grab a grenade from the satchel and race toward the tank . it fall pitifully short , explode harmlessly as malbin be cut down . double blue revision - 9-17-07 108. 173 tuvia be now isolated and pinned down 173 bullet tear chunks out of tree as he try to take cover . the turret swivel in he direction it be only a matter of moment before he be dead . when suddenly from out of the wood Zus and the rest of jewish fighter emerge , fire on the run . without regard for he own life , Zus charge . the german infantry be catch in a cross -fire as the bielski brigade climb out the river , fire wildly . Zus gun down the tank commander man the machine gun from the open hatch . jump onto the tank and drop a grenade inside . a explosion of black smoke billow . Zus stand up amid the billow smoke . he see tuvia who be stare back at he . 174 both group meet - the destroyed tank smolder nearby 174 asael be the first to reach tuvia , who be carry the german assault machine gun . tuvia only weapon and ammunition ! spread the word . tuvia hand he the machine gun . asael anything else ? tuvia look at he . be he fuck with he ? just a little . tuvia go on . lilka be carry a small child . tuvia ( cont 'd ) lilka , please help . we have get to get the injure into the forest . lilka what about the dead ? tuvia everybody gather you thing ! we have to get out of the open ! nearby , aron remove the machine from the tank and hand it to Zus. Bella approach . Zus embrace she . tuvia seize one of the german rifle . he yell to shulman . tuvia ( cont 'd ) shulman ! weapon only ! tell they . ( continued ) double blue revision - 9-17-07 108a . 174 continued : 174 shulman follow tuvia 's order . tuvia ( cont 'd ) ( throw the weapon ) you have be promote . congratulation ! tuvia turn , see Bella with Zus . they see he . Zus hand Bella the machine gun from the tank and approach . tuvia ( cont 'd ) where be the rest of you unit ? zus good question . tuvia you be go back ? zus no . they look at each other . so much unsaid . no time to say it . tuvia we have get to build a new camp . Zus nod . zus perhaps you have room for one more ? ( continued ) double blue revision - 9-17-07 109 . 174 continued : ( 2 ) 174 tuvia reach out he arm and they embrace fiercely . 175 in the deep wood - later 175 they walk in silence . lilka come to walk beside he , rest she head on he shoulder as they walk . tuvia look up at the shaft of light slant through the tower tree , as if allow himself to appreciate its beauty for the first time . suddenly , he stop , listen , puzzle . tuvia do not you hear it ? zus what ...? tuvia nothing . be not it beautiful ? we hold on tuvia . he have age ten year in one . ( continued ) pink revision - 7-18-07 110 . 175 continued : 175 but for now he allow himself a brief moment of satisfaction . we might even see the ghost of a smile . but it be short - live as asael appear by he side and we see concern once again clouding he face . another problem to attend to . and as the camera begins to pull away he be already hurry to catch up with the other . as they all disappear from sight into the shelter darkness of the wood , this word appear on screen : they live in the forest for two more year . in there new camp they built a school , a hospital , a nursery . and still more come to find they . at the time of liberation , twelve hundre walked out of the forest . dissolve to : 176 the open scene - new york CITY - 1982 176 Park Avenue . traffic . more word on screen : asael joined the russian army and died six month later . zus and tuvia emigrated to the UNITED states . in the taxi , the elderly man thrust he hand through the slot in the plexiglas window separate he from the driver . elderly man here be money . I can get more . so much more . take it , please . cab driver no , no ... indeed , when the cabbie speak , though the voice be older and somewhat frail , we recognize it as tuvia 's . elderly man what else can I give you , do for you ? aged tuvia nothing , it be not necessary . tear stream down the elderly man 's cheek . elderly man we be alive because of you . ( look at he son ) my child . his child . so many . . thousands . ( continued ) double cherry revision - 11-1-07 111 . 176 continued : 176 behind they , horn be honking . this be New York City . aged tuvia please , the traffic ... elderly man bless you , tuvia bielski . May the Lord bless you and keep you all the day of you life . the cab pull away from the curb into the rain - middle - aged son papa , who be that man ? the elderly man watch the cab pull away , wiping he eye . elderly man that be not a man . that be a angel . as the cab pull away , the camera crane up until it be lose in a anonymous sea of traffic . this word appear on screen : tuvia bielski never sought recognition for what he did . he drove a cab in new york CITY for twenty year . tuvia and lilka remained married until he death in 1987 . fade out . www.vantageawards.com