screenplay by davie williamson from the novel by .. J. koch ry sa ext . airport , jakarta - night ( credit sequence ) the stucco terminal building be grimy and run down . Soldiers in battle dress with sud -machine gun be post by its door , and stand in group abour the tarzac . on the edge of the field anti-aircraft : gim point at the sky . the soldier stare in the direction of a klm 707 which have just lace . at the foot of the gangway , two more soldier with sten gum watch the passenger as they descenc the step , and the european blink back at they with some uneasiness . the fainc menace tempo of Indonesian gamelan music drift through the heavy night air . guy hamilton move down the gangway , a tape recorder sling over he shoulder . unlike most oz he fellow passenger he be clearly not intimidate by the guard . most of the passenger head for the tramsit locnge , only hamilton and two or three indonestans move towards passport Control . 7 2 int . passport control - niget Control be a lon reen crowded soléier and throbbing wie from the wall , various slo ; low , ugly , nicotine - 21 , i mete and soreaxz hance U.S. lap 2 , " 0 . G : a giant poster of néonesian President sukarno - dominate the rocn . hamilton move up to the vacate offictal . fficial where do you get visa ? the word alreacy accusatory . ramilton Sydney . a secss lcial join che they cont int . arrival lounge - on the other side of the wire mesh , a number of people ata stand . we come in close on one of this : a young Indonesian in he mid-twenty , kumar . eandsoma , inselligent and alert . int , passport control - niget the first official stamp the passport and pass it back with a smile . int . arrival area ~ night . hamilton come through the gate and immediately kumar approach hin . kumar Mr. hasiicon ? hamilton yes ? kumar welcome to Indonesia . hamilton thank you . you be ......? kumar Kumar . from jakarta office . follow I please . he take hamilton be suitcase and they move of2 toward the exir . hamilton no 5 cont 'd kumar . Mr Potter have go . hamilton stop , stumn at this news . hamilton go where ? kumar back to Australia . he leave you this . he smile at ramilton as if to reassure hin and hand he a envelope . hamilton look anything bus reassure . 6 int . abs car + niget they be drive into jakazca along a crowded ighway . the caz be drive by hortono , che abs gciver . . ay kumar sit in the fronc saat . hamilton in the back read the note from Potter . kumar study he in the reas vision mirror . bamilton ( stuff the letter angrily in pocket ) bloody hopeless . he be supposec to stay on for two week and introduce I to he contact perscnaliy ! kumar he say he be sormty . eis wife be sick . hamilton of what ? kumar qf jakarta , my Hamilton . 14 ext . eighway - night 7 the car speed along the highway toward jakarta , its h blaring as it swerve to avoid a lumbe : g§ ox - draw cart . it conrinue on past a | jumble of betjak , the tricycle-rickshaws of Java . in the distance a red neon sign float high above the surround shanties amnounce " Hotel Indonesia '' . ( scene 8 - 13 delete ) int . car HOTEL driveway - niget 14 kumar turn to ramtlton . rumar we first modem hotel . heve Americans and european pay to be keep cold . ' bamilton ( smiling ) come in and have a beer . rumar thank you , bur no . EL driveway - kumar get we of the car , disperse a wait erowd of beggar wich a few terse word and hand eamilton he luggage . alt hn kumar be face be almost expressionless , h : in Zeel slightly weasy , almost as if he be umder surveillance . hamilton thanks for come to get I . kumar it 's my job , " boss " . 14a cort ' : léa hamilton react to the use of this word and its clear oucline of theis relationship . kumar I be sorry . hamilton turn back to he . about mz Potter he turn and move to the car as a monsoonal downpour begin . Beyond , in the car paz ! kk , betjek driver az beggar begin to move for sheiter as the rain roar down . eamilton look back through the beac curtain ef rain , stile insheer delight at the place in which he find himself . 15 int . wayang sar , eotel indonesta - a5 ~ a long , classic room with stool along the ber and er bancuette opposite , lit red and ek fron light on che wail , each one maskac by the cut ous shape of a wayang puppet figure . 4 barman , ali , attend to 2 knot of european end of the baz . there be four of they ; wally o'sullivan be the ost prominent about three hundred pound cl hin be perch on &@ stool like a vast gnome , petz curtis be a lean , blue - ch ned , nasal canadi a kevin cone tail , bal billy kwan | waose heich St at just , un distinction between '' shorc " anc " dwe dilly ace be alert and oddiy str neither chinese nor = lur the turbingly . g. be be . opean but a mixture of both . they be group around condon , look at something he be show then . cf a beautiful Indonesian gist paste as sha wash herse - = bend over , bare b in a canal . close on a phorogzaph condon Zouse a 290 = lens for this one :'ve get @ natural elegance , have not they ? '' e@ 15 cont'd 45 curtis ( dryly ) condon . condon yes ? curtis cut the crap ! condon they have ! curtis you keep talk elegance , but all you phetograph be boob ! hundre - of ‘em . step tr you 'se a photcer you be @ perv . condon tusn to billy kwan condon billy - you be a professional . be that pornography or art ? billy they be in focus ic 's pornography , they be out of focus it 's azt . if wally azz . vy take a great hand=ul of peanut he take the photo . curiis condon ) ic when yeu can have the couple ef buck a e 15 cont 'd : 15 condon . ( scornfully ) whore ! curtis what else be there in this place ? the local girl will not look at you . wally ( look at phoro ) - they really be exquisite creature , hoom ? ' lithe , supple , brown . would you believe I be like that once ? curtis no. wally p you be ze right . towasa't . so '' slim . hew do shey do ic ? rwan oth starvation . ic 's a old asian custom . wally no lecture tonight billy . we come to this ber to be ezivolous and to forget . heo ? hamilton scand at the entrance to the bar look about . tan see hit and he eye grow alert and focus . curtis who 's this ? condon curtis San . e 15 cont'd 15 kwan you be both wrong , it 's the new a.b.s. man . he hop off he stool and move towards hamilton . wally now , how do we diminutive friend know that ? curtis that little bugger know every bloody thing . angle on kwan and hamilton . { look down at the lictle man in 2 lurid shirt , and can not quite suppress a look of kwan hold out he hanc . kwan it 's guy eamilton isa 's it ? billy kwan . I shot a lot of film for focter . the journalist wait as kwan and hamilton approach . kwan gentlemen , guy Hamilton , Australian Broadcasting service . meet Pete curtis , Washington pest , Kevin conden , photo journo for theta and wally o'sullivan , otherwise know as " great wally '' Sydney Herald . hamilton to wally ) I have read you styl , impressive . wally mere trifle , dear boy . pleasant fligh ? 15 cont 'd the old i5 hamilton ( shrug ) o.k . curtis firse overseas posting ? eamilton yes it be . condon piry abour Potter take off . it 's hard here without contact . hamilton yeah , he be suppose to stay and brie= I . hepe he die . wally I get the impression he be a little pique at be replace by someone hall he age , room ? hamilton I do not expect a welcome kiss , but , you know , professionalisn . hand exchange glance . curt , do you put in for this posting ? hramilton it be on my list . curtis @ 15 cont'd 1s hamilton so why be you here ? the smile fade from curtis ' face . ' curtis - I will be there before you file you first decen story out of this crap heap , budcy boy . - kwan ( to hamilton ) you be in the right place . this be more interesting than saigon . curtis would you mind tell I why ? kuan when a gre2t poet write about he country , he actually give ic 2 soul it dien 's have before . sukazno 's do the seme thing in he speech . he 's create this country . withey curtis " sukarno the Poet " , yeah , like hicler be a artist . condon ( indicating alt , the barman ) keep you voice down . kwan ay what you like abour hin . he 's a genius . wally hamilton ) sas ro be cy the local beer be ro es 15 cont would : , 15 ow be wy not rkan ( to hamilton ) try some . kwan push he own bottle of Indonesian beer across to hamilton with a glass . condon De not . ir 's poison . cokdon push a bottle of import beer across to eamilton , hamilton consider for a moment and pick up rwan be . . hamilton I didn'c come all this way to drink foster . kwan stile , pleased at this response . curtis scowl . wally speak like a true international . laughter from the group . wally smile , raise he glass . welcome to rhe " wayang Club '' . ee ee int . glass door , entrance to kitchen off bar ~ niget 16 severzi Indonesian k against the glass of the eurcpean newsmen . ay xt eamilton do you always draw a aucience ? 17 cont'd 17 wally ( to hamilton ) yes , but never a benevolent one . think of yourself as a goub in a apple and you will ges some idea of how they feel about you out there . as the indonesian bartender approach , curtis this be Ali , a government spook . wnat we say tonight will be on sukarno 's desk by morning . wally and do not wear short . the dutch wear short . condon gf never walk . go everywhere by caz , especially after dark . condon make a dramatic throat cut gesture . bamilton , pretend to be awestruck mimic the movement himsel . condon nod knowingly . kwan smile to himsel . wally and doe not go we after curfew or the military will shoot on si eamilton do sukarnc still hold he press conference ? wally indeed , we watch h for a hour then he get nothing to tell we 17 cont 'd 13 17 kwan you be be cynical again wally . wally me? Heaven forbid . no one know better than I do that he 's a God . kwan to he people he be . when he arzive in a village in he white helicopter he 's the God vishnu descend from heaven . they believe that . wally so do I , I have learn off all he name as my act of Zfaich . curtis / condon give 'ex to we wally ! the mame , wally ! come on ! wally great leader of the Revolution ; mouthpiece of the Indonesian people ; Main bearer of the people 's sutfare ; kwan Bet he be wally , he 's .... wally ( overlap ) . Supreme shepherd of the woman 's Revolutionary Movement ; Father of the farmer ; mock he all you like buc .... Le 17 cont 'd , 7 wally Supreme Commander of the mental Revolution . kwan ( shout ) who else could hold this bloody country together ? wally tusn , stare at kwan . wally no one , but the Supreme leader of the National Association of football club . the Supreme Boy scour . laughter from all bur kwan . curtis you make the last two up , wally , admit ic . wally not so . sukarno have claim all this title , just as he have re-written the time in which we live . do you know the name he have give to this year thac we call nineteen sixty have anno domini ... eamilton shake he head . tae Year eamilton '' live dangerously " . ise he glass , lock ac che other . thac 's why we be all here . be not it ? vesponse tg and '' | q 17 . cont 'd a] wally ( to curtis ) what 's you diagnosis ? emon ? curtis pulitzer fever . you can smell it . rwen ( grinning ) pity you do not catch a dose yourselves . he hop down off he stool anc hurry after hamilton . curtis the thing I can not stand about dwart be you be not allowec to hic ‘ex . have find himself 18 int . 18 kkan cacch up with they make a odd litcle ran hop along , try to keep up eameilton be long strice . kwan not many local around you notice . eamiltor too expensive ? kwan and ef course the beggar arte . wy a 18 cont 'd they approach the reception desk . kwan you should get yoursel= a bungalow . get out amongst the people . hamilton I be a journalist , biliy , not a social worker . ( to clerk ) . 719 please . re get he key and they move away . kwan I suppose you be go to turn in . hamilton ( though ) I might take a stroll . kwan better let I come with you , old man . the other will not go anywhere on foot but it 's not as bad as all the if ( yeu know where to go / you know what you be do ) . they pass through the door to the rotel ¢criveway . it. carpark , opposite HOTEL ~ night ga the carpark be full of beggar and betjak , anc 1 observe with great interest any meander oz thar forbidden world of luxury who descend ancn all eve now be fix on kwan and ag they move through the shacow towarc then . the background che orilliantiy liz arcade and hetel g.ow like a stage set seatac in a small number of ddetiak the test ara the banshee , the beaut ef jakarta . as chey see the will man set up a low voice howl , winking anc milton ramilton . £ 9 ) 184 cont 'd they ' ar 7 184 kwan we call they banshee . hamilton what 's you background ? kwan train as a cameraman with a.3.s. ramilton ah. kwan you mean how come I look chinese ? ramilton ( shrug ) yean . kwan because sv father be . what about you ? you do not sound Australian . bamilton do not I ? well .... cy facher be ayank , parhap that explain be . kwan we be both hybrid then ? hamilton boch whet ? xwan belongin cone leave pecal 183 16 ext . eighway near HOTEL - night 183 behind hamilton and kwan , on the footpath , a tag procession of beggar and child be follow , and behind they the silhouetze of the three berjak . ahead , a menace group of young men in old arny combat gear , beret amd sunglass . see hamilton they begin jeeze and point at he . one youth spit on he as he pass . hamilton look about for kwan . for just a momene he think he 's be desert - then he spot he a little further lot ahead . ewan smile , almost as if enjoy hamilton be umezse . with a set face hamilton push through the erowd to join kwan . rwan you will gec , use to ir . . hamilton I doubt it . kwan ( smiling ) they just want to show you they be patriotic . a small man in white trousers move up beside then . man House of Joy , gentlemen ? kwan ger lose ! hepe you taste do not lie in thar direction , old ee point to some distant li across the highway to where the dim outline of a shanty town can be discern . kwan in 's a market for the poor . game to take a look ? eamiltosh g.r. 4 gc as 183 cont 'd : 183 they cross the highway . ext . pas ro - 18c hamilton and kwan walk near 4 bazaar locatad on a strech of waste groumd , beside a canal . Beyond can be glimpse a shanty town make of pack case and bamboo . kwan put you watch in you pocket . they have get a special hook for get it off . they walk past the stall . kwan watch as hamilton become absorze in the pass scene . rediscover childho 's opposite intensizy : the gimrack and the queer mix with the grim ; laughter and misery ; carnal sakedness and threadbare nakedness ; ' fear anc joy . kwan what then must we do ? hamilton '' what then must we do ? " tolstoy . ee write a book with thet title . he get so upset about the poverty in Moscow that he go to the poorest section one might and give all he money away . you eould do thas now . 5 american dollar , it would keep one of this people isr month , why de nort you ? you can affore be be . eamelton wouldn 's do any good . it would just be a drop in the ocean . i ga G 18 '' cont 'd 20 18c rwad thet 's the same conclusion tolstoy come to . I happen to disagree . bamilton and what 's you solution ? kwan lf everyone do something about the misery they see in fxont of they face , the woxld would be 4 lot berter place . hamilton smile . kwan you think that 's naive ? hamilton begin to deny ic . kwan most journalist do . hamilton ihe we can not aZZoré to get involvec . kwan typical journo 's answer . hamilton you be be a bit hard on the profession , be not you ? kwan suddenly stop , stare at bramilton . carist. you ' realise thac ? in trouble -- you bamelton 1gc cont 's lac kwan porter 's sabotage you . ranilton 's I can not believe it 's as desperate as that . he 's leave I some name . kwan uselss . without personal contact . you 'ze dead . hamilton cheer I up some more , why do not you ? : rwan I think it can help . eamtlton lock at hin . by tomorrow night I migh= have something for you . De you reac poecry ? hamilton poetry ? xwan hand across a slip of paper . kwan a favourite poet of mine . the coinese poet , po Chu - I . he write about criendship . . eamilton bemusedly put it in he pocket . kwan look at he watch . go rote anc ges some sleep . kwan move towards the betiak label " tengah malan 's . he clamber up and tum . the ww 18c cont'd 18 aca kwan by the way , you hotel room 's bugge . Radio receiver under the window . hamilton watch as kwan move off . ( scene ' 19 and 20 delete . ) int . a.b.s. car , road to palace - day 21 hortono , hand on the cat horn , blast he way through the traffic . as the veh nicie approach the entrance to the Palace , kumar msrn to eamilton . kumar Palace of the President . merdeka . take off you sumglass when you go in , boss . hamilton why ? kumar the palace guard sey they can tell a assasin by he eye . the car pull up at the gate . ext . car , palace - day 224 bamilion get we , sling nis tape rec ! ez over he shoulder and approach the sencry . he vemove he sunglass anc the cuard stare into 1s eve for a long stoney mom then , alter exam : press pass , to wave = gate a second guard walk ehitewasn palace . kumar wa 6 ext . palace garden - daz 22 the foreign PRESS corp , esse lally the wayang Club , with a couple of japanese and zastern european journalist , wait below the terrace on which surazno and bis cabinet aze now have breakiast . billy kwan be not present . hamilton join they and look up a= the flower - deck terrace . ramilton miss anything ? curtis sukarno have boil egg . this be see by inform source as a clear indieation of harden atticuce towards the West . condon I have goc a feel that thi oning he 's go to make & pronouncemens . curtis ( sutly ) what take you think thas ? condon just a though . curtis ( unimpress ) when a think cross you mind , iec 's be cn the shovtest trip on jakarta . condon look exush . hamilton can nor step a grin . hamelin how do you xnow when the breakiast 's he face , wally '' loox tp . be tip che sczaz over the daleony fer we . ae we . 26 22 cont'd 22 ' 23 even a few of the japanese join in the laughter at this one . - even before the laughter have recede , however , the big man have pick up a sign that breakfast be over , and he 's up and racing for the staircase lead to the terrace . the other , pick he cue , move off behind he , all except the new boy hamilton who be still peer up at the balcony try to get a better view . he be reward by the sight of the distinctive figure of sukarno rise from the table ang look down into the garden . he see ramilton look up and give a jaunty little wave before turn away . bamilton be so surprised and pleased he almost wave back . then he suddenly realise the other journalist be go and hurry to catch they . int . statrway / corridor , palace - day 23 when hamilton reach the corridor , surarno nowhere to be see and each of the other ava minister have a igure in limpec- like atten wally have the foreign minister completely } oft in a alcove ane . be inte heavy question . eamilton now know what he be up against . ( scene 24 and 25 deletec ) tel indonest 26/27 hamilton , drench in perspization , enter the foyer from the blaze heat oucside . he pause and breathes in the cool refrigerate air . outside we see kumar watch srom the driveway , stand beside the a.b.s. car . ernoon 28 book on Indonesia be scattered azcund the floor . as the can pen across chem anc other personal effect , '' veise be hear in the back we sae hi g table -- 4a pe ei silver brushes , a japanese brene , | a bear stein . < ne be pla ib the hotel ced 25 28 cont'd 28 hamilton ( v/o . clear throat , switch tape on ) this be guy Hamilton , from jakarta , a city poise on the brink of civil war as sukarno walk the tightrope between right and leave ; a city in which there be plenty of question , but no easy answer . but one thing be certain -- christi ( switch tape off . CUT to eamilton sprawle on the bed , a microphone in he hand and a tape recorder beside he , more book and journal on Indonesia be scattered around hin . hamilton a touch of the tropic and ten year training go out the bloody window ! this be guy hamilron , irom jakarte , poise on the brink and che edge and walk the tlgatrope between trivial monsense and utter crap ! wilding - day 29 int . studio hamilton sic in a glass booth shouting he fizsc radio piece back to Sydney down antiquated radio equipment . his Zace be set in a worried frown and he perspize . he 's watchec by a impassive kumar lan technician . who sit at the panel wich a indonesian ramilton .... in short , jakarta be a2 city where the question outnumber the ansver , but ome thing be ceytain , thet sul tightrope shuffle between the com p.r.l. and the right wing '' ili look more prec ous as the hour be i hamiicon in jakarta bead of perspi ivulet . the Li inaliy we hear a voice irom wr he eracklas the other er @& 29 cont'd 29 creigaton ( '' / 9 ) be that all ? 2 hamilton what d' you mean , " be that 211 ? " crelgeton ( v / 0 ) jou could 's have write thar from back - here hamilton whar about the tightrope image ? everyone else think sukarno 's in control ? creighton ~ ( v / 0 ) . . guy , that 's not news , it be travelogue wa «- get in there aite the meat ! Sydney out . e line go dead . hamilton stub out he cigarette angrily . kumar join '' hia . kumar do not like it , eh , boss ? hamilton ( snap ac he ) do not keep call I " boss " kumar leok hurt * hamilton sorry . have one of this . ette . kumar take one . eamiltcn he savout ict . 29 cont'd 29 294 , 293 x 30 kumar ( puzzle ) pull you finger out ? hamilton get erack . ( he make stockwhip motion ) . on the move , on the ball . 2 I do not I will be back there in the geriatrics ward work with deadhead whose most exciting moment be mow they lawn on Sunday ! ext . a.b.s. office - n=iget 294 the a.b.s. car pull up outside the office and hamilton get out . he speak to kumar through the window . hamilton iwant to puc in a couple of hour . I will get a cab back to the hotel . int . a.3. $ . build - niget 293 bamilton clicb the steep staiz to the office . int . a.3b.s. office - ne eamilton ks to he desk in a.b.s. ice and sluzp i far beat slowly and in halz - cpen louvre lead faint breeze . angle from the balcony to hamilton at he desk , back to hamilton . he hear the sound of scmecne move on the balcony . 30 the desert , spartan @ochaiz . a ancient ally above hin . two a dalcony let in a bamilton be p.0.v. -- 2 silhouett figure at the louvre door , hamilton react , he think it 's a intruder , then kwan step into the toon . kaan even old man . eamilton waac the hell aze you do here ? ey 30 cont 'd 28 30 kwan wait for you . Potter let I keep my sound equipment here . he give I a key . hamilton Jesus , think I be go to be mug . kwan sorry old man , do not hear you come in . ( offer he the key . ) want it back ? : hamilton no , that 's fine . kkan sit , stare at hamilton . kwan problem ? bantlton it 's early day yet . kwan I suppose you try to interview subandrio teday . dic you get a appointmen ? hamilton you know damn well I do not . _ kran I tell you . personal contact only . all the top door be shut to western journalist this cay . eamilion curtis get a interview . ivan have zot be ignorec . @ 30 cont 'd . 30 kwan make a chroat cut motion . eamilton the other night you hint you have something to offer ? rwan suppose you could get any interview you want -- short of 2 personal one with sukarno -- what be the question you would like answer to ? hamilton I would like to know whether sukammo 's ' still run the cowry or whether the communist in he cabinet be call the shot . kwan so maybe you would like to interview the head cf the p.k.1 .? ag zamilton aidit ? who would n's ? ruan iocan get you to aidic ( pause ) tomorrow . eamilton stare . bamtlton row ? th idit 's a S mine , and I have already speak to h abour you . do not ask not any more than that , duc i= you want it , you be on . hin , increculcus . rwat t sheuld mak D quite a stir - bs 30 cont'd 30 . , ramilton billy , if this work out I will make a deal with you . if you give I first erack at yout contact , you can have all * the film work you can handle ~- and there 's no reason wny you should not shoot film for I on you own initiative . kwan that 's great old man ! ic 's what I have always want . a real partmership . ramitlon why the break to I ? why not Potter ? ewan I do not like Potter . we will make a good team old man . ' you for the word , I for the picture . I can be you eye . ea 31 int . corridor outside aidit ' ffice - day 31 the interview complete , eamilton be move out of aidit be co ce , shaking hand with official . kwan move past he laden with camera equipment . hamilton help he wich the gear . as soon as the door clese behind they they look at each other . hamilt ! and let out a involuntary whoop of joy kwan on the back and the lictle man beam = to ear . as they tum down the corridor hamilton shouc to kwan . eamtlton # yeu shor that we of focus I will . «ill you . kwan you worry about the word hamilron ! telecommenication bullding Z 32 cts in the glass 2 racio scocp back ) , 33 32 cont'd 32 hamilton identification : guy Hamilton in jakarta . lead in for story : exclusive interview with leader of the Indonesian commnist Party . hamilton wink at kwan , int . wayang bar + nigee 33 close on banner headline of the sydney morning herald . '' communist to get arm " . exclusive report from guy ramilton . " surarno agree to communist demand ! " widen to show wally and curtis read it . curtis ic 's bulishic ! wally the worry thing , my friend , be that it 's well write builshic . and wight here in dy paper . condon ( hold up a telegram ) thing that bug =e be thar my paper 's gemand a tateher on he stovy . curtis bere they come now . Sir guy and the black dwart . hamilton and kwan come up to the baz . wally congratulazic the test mat amilton . you squeeze into two colum . thanks . gt 33 cont 'd 32 33 curtis ( indicating newspaper ) you do not seriously believe sukarno be go to lec the commy have they own private arny ? condon ( indicating the barman , ali ) keep ic down . hamilton it 's possible . curtis hamilron , do you realise why aidit give this interview to you ? wally Pete ... curtis ( to eanilton ) because he know that semeone with a bic more experience would not have swallow ic and send it out to the world as gospel truth . wally Brothers , please . no bloodshec in the bar . ic be a good piece hamiicon , and even bitter resentment will not prevent the say so , but Pete have get a poin . tn this country .... curtis I be sorry , but you story 's bulishic and when I file i'm to piss on be from a great height , " e lamelign you do chat " buddy " . iis 's about the only way vou will get a story at ail . '' '' oo 33 cont 'd curtl ! curtis pick up S look at he , pleased that he have provoke hin to the oucbu . 33 33 curtis you have let yourself be use by the commy . wally in this country Hamilton , it be sometimes hard to sort out who be the user and who 's be use . kwan unless you can grasp that it 's essentially the sam thing . curtis billy , you be the only grow man I know who temember he rortune coo eamilton ( suddenly flaring . to curtis ) you be go to have egg all over you face if the story be true , curcis . what if suxazne have decide to ith Peking ? curt : ( grin ) then there will be one hell of a civil war condon then we 'llall be lucky to get out alive . from the baz and use it as a ' sierophone " . curtis e , hamilcon = '' + a civil war z morning dut be the President on the groume oo dam , het . se that es cancel than iz be t it may 34 33 cont 'd 33 kwan , wally and condon come in with the chorus all one thing be certain . they dissolve into laughter , bamilton join in . 34 int . mickey mouse cafe - evening 34 - cave like . intense heat . wally scofis down food . billy , curtis , condon and hamzlion aze also there . curtis tell I eamilton , one thing 's be pother I since you arvive . what d' you do for sex ? whenever I make the front page I get a hell of a hard on . eamilton so what do you do ? curtis waat do I do ? zi take a short ride out to the cemetery . hamilton , remind of the message scrawle on the back of the poem . glance at kwan , then back at curtis . eamilton what be you ? a necrophiliac ? curtis you have bean here two week anc you have not hear of the cemetery ? kwan curti . best value - ever see . one ass you have i take you there tight 35 34 cont'd 36 close on billy as eamilton deliberate . hamilton some other time . wally Wise choice . condon riddle with V.D. curtis so what . a few jab of penicillin and everything 's gx , ( to hamilton ) you would not believe this chick . a dollar a night . starvation take a great aphrocisiac . curtis you keep this up billy and someone 's - go to nail you up on a cross . ( to bamilton , indicate billy ) . he can - afford to be vircuous . ee ''s sc the most beautizul chick in town . hamiltcn look ac kwan with utter surprise . ( to curtis ) she 's just a friend curtt : i ber . kwan 36 e 34 cont'd 34 they laugh . curtis spot seme beggar start to ereep into the cate towards they . something catch he attention anc he get up and move towarcs then . we follow he to the pavement where we see a : assorcaent ef pathetic beggar anc freak , each wich theiz begging bowl . some moment later curtis burst in the door of the cafe lead a2 hunce back I set with close cropped hair and wide set eye . he be barely three foot high . curtis hamilcon ! I have bring you a present ! the midget rock instantly to hamilton and smile at he trustingly . curtis cry to contain he mirth . the cafe proprietor look at the party uneasily . curtis he 's yours guy . ask he to dance . curtis bend and speak bahasa in the dwarf ' S ear . the dwarf stile and instanciy b ms to dance . 4 grotesque cance on tiny leg . hamilton look anxiously at ky whose face have ! 's impassive . wally try to contain he laughter bus glance at condon and break we into stizlec giggle . ea curtis I have brough nim for you guy . wherever you go , he go . forever . eamilton y to curtis ) '' we ef here you stupic fuck clown ! whe anxious proprietor ceve towards the= and begin to usher out the dwarf . condon move to avert & scene . condon ( shell out money for bill come on fella . let 's g0 condon usher out wally and curtis . 35 36 38 ext . mickey mouse cafe - nig : 35 curtis stand on the pavement protest to wally and condon . curtis eumourless bastard . ic be just a joke . lt wasn 'c get at billy . it be just a joke . '' they usher he away , still protest abour hamilton be lack of humour . int . mickey mouse cafe - night 36 eamilton and kwan sit ac the table , not look az each other . rt xr. rwan's garden - night 37 hamilton and kwan wend theis way up co rwan 's gatow , through a lush topicai garden . int . kwan' bungalow - wn 's 38 a true javane bungalow . tasteful and simple . just two small rocm . the wall be cover with pheto of jakarta 's poor . graphic shot , weil compose . also on the wall be large drawing of Zamous historical cwart . hamilton Air conéition ? I think you be live like the people ? rwan I keep a lot cf film and equipment here and ic 's kinder to it hamilton yeah ? Kinder the you too . - o.r. a decent consecu choke without one . be you basic 38 cont'd 38 - hamilton look at the dwarf on the wall . kwan ( cont would ) clever of curtis to find a achondroplastic -- normal man whose arm and leg be stumt . a normal man of normal intelligence , capable of have normal chilcren , but whose body be a joke . kwan indicate he own body . hamilton come on billy . you be no dwart . kwan that 's what I like abour you guy . . you really do not care , or maybe you . just do not see . I be a borderline case perhaps , but I be scill a member of that great race of dwar= fool . a fbameltcn Race ? what be it -- a international brorherhood ? kwan grin . a stall man 's mafia ? kwan : ( laugh ) nearly all the great jester in the court of the middle age be achondropiastics . the one great advantage of be a cwart be that vou can be wiser than other peopl anc nobody envie you . tea ? bramilton Love some . me the next room . haytilton look at a aph , apparently of sukarno . ramilton acne loow a lot like you in thi , het . 38 cont'd 38 kwan ( 0/5 ) it be I . I dress for the part . hamilton raise he eyebrow . kwan be a continual source of puzzlement . hamilton be examine some of the hundred of book in billy library when he eye be catch by a large revolver wedgec behind a pile of magazine . kwan appear from the kitchen carry a tray which he set down . kwan admive my picture ? hamilton they be very good . kwan that 's the real jakarza . scroung for a few handfuls of rice to keep they alive another day . tlton look in the direction of a display of wayang puppet on the wall . kwad you like my puppet ? he hop up anc take two 9 he switch of che main 1 . om a side table . ah the large puppet down . ght and turn up a lamp ruan ( cont would ) to understand Java you have to understand the wayang -- the sacred shadow - play , the puppet master 's a priest . he raise he chin , proudly pose as the puppert- master rwan that 's why puppet mast the right . mge a puppet he casc ics shadow on the wail . 40 @ 38 cont 'd : 38 kwan ( softly ) they shadow be soul , and the screen be heaven . you must watch the shadow , not the puppet . the right in constant struggle with the leave : the force of light and darkness , in endless balance . be indicate one of the puppet in he hand . - kwan Prince arjuna , he 's a hero , but he can also be fickle and selfish . krishna say to he -- all be cloud by desir arjuna : as fire by smoke , as a mirror by dust . preccty good stutt , eh ? ee indicate the puppec in he other hand . this be srixandi , the prince arjima will Zall in love wit he smile at hamilton . hamilton ( indicate another puppet ) what about that one ? kwan take the puppet down . kwan ee 's very special -- the dwarl , senar . hamilton ( stare now be kwan ) and be he lefc oz right ? kwan hold he gaze . he serve the Prince . e project the cwae ef the Prince . 2 puppes 's shacew alongside 38 cont 'd . 38 39 kwan ( conc would ) he have great power , and some day he enemy will all bow down before he . the patron saint of all wart . hamilton suddenly come to a photograph of a very beautiful girl . be be obviously interested . ewan note this interest as he come towards he cazry the tea . * kwan she 's a secretary at the british embassy . you will meet she soon . he pass eamilton he tea and steer he away fr the photo withous further comment . ext . oast swimming pool , rear of ectel - day 39 this be a olympic size pool set in a garden , the pool area divideé fron the street outside by a tall bamboo fence . Indonesians peer through the ezack of the fence to wateh the european and rich asian mar the lawn . eamilton and kwan recline under be umbrella , ww Te > in swimsuit and shirt . kwan sic succenly up in he chair , stare at a eurepean couple in swimsuit who have just enter the pool area . jill bryas a cool , aloof beauty ( see in the phoctogza 's ) and a very fit leok man in nis fifty , colonel ralpe renderson . the male eye under ali the umbrella be fix on jzlb . the group approach eamilton be tzdie . xwan hurry away tomeet she , leave eanilz stud she approach with transparen interest . kwan reach the couple , lunge end pick up jtll aroune the waist , and as i= to prove the power in hick set shoulder , swing het up and above head . jill give a lintie shriek . sy now , ail male eve be on she . kkan , still ula : she geress the Law g jill be waist , acvance with eg 39 cont 'd . 39 kwan Sill , weer guy hamilron from a.b.s . guy , '' my special friend , jilly Bryant , and , Colonel Ralph Henderson . ramilton ( to the colonel ) british military attache ? colonel that 's righc . they sit down after the nozmal greeting and¢ handshake . there be a instant atcraction between hamilton and sill , duc for theiz own reason -- jill be suspicion of male motive in this hothouse masculine ghette , anc hamilton be reluctance to let involvemen impede he career -- they fight against ic . colonel be listen to you broadcast . Rather more interesting than you predecessoz . € hamilton thanks . henderson regards he 2 moment from he straight - back military vaniage , noc slightly as though acknowledge something oc egzreeing with a pravious opinion . then he look around . colonel lec 's have a érink . he signal a waite colonel all of they ) ics all round ? eamiltch not for I . tr t ccolen ( to walter ) i ( Te hamilton ) 9 stay at the Hotel ? . 43 39 cont 'd . 39 q . hamilton nod . . : colon=l . you be lucky . it 's a delightful spot . we be all at the ambassador 's residence since the local lad knock down we embassy . hamilton they really cook it apart do not they ? colonel they seem to have a lot of fu . it be all quite droll . jtll well , I find ic tervify . Ralph march up and down play the bagpipe . _. colonel annoy the hell we of the . kwan count the day , Jill ? '' jtll ( nod ) Three week . kamilton to what ? jtll London . , hamilton you do not like it here ? the walter begin hand round the drink . jill I have be here too long you can keep the exocic crop : I would swap ic 2 li for one breach of cold norfolk 39 cont 'd 4b 39 kwan ( toast ) to England . coal fire and corner pub . jill sheep dog , autumn light and scott misty rain . colonel scop it , you will have I in tear . ( he take he drink from the waiter ) . what 's this ? waiter | gin tonic , siz . colonel this be gin tonic and ice ! gin tonic always have ice , sir . colonel gin tonic do not always have ice . Americans always have ice and I be not a ametican . gat I another . the waiter nod , but before he can take the colonel be drink away hamilton pointedly take it off the tray . colonel anyone for a swin ? kwan I be only allow in the wader 's pool . ts and take of5 he shirt , revealing torse ct which 's obvious voud , year old in a twenty colosel what about you jilly ? 45 39 cont 'd 39 colonel ( it 's become important ) come along . just what you need . jtll i'll stay with billy . she ruffle kwan be hair affectionately . the colonel turn , smile at ramilton . colonel come on then Hamilton , I will give you a race . hamilton look at he in surprise . colonel '' you aussy be suppose to be able to swim zt . jill watch he . hamilton shrug and take of5 he shiz jill 9 hamilton ) £ '' hope you be Zi '' race " he mean it . when Ralph say colonel no sense be half - heart kwan gane be a serious business fcr the English , right Colonel ? colonel ( pick the mock undertone ) thev have they place . amilton lock az jill , e pocl behind th ters oo half smile , ané walk to ea colone he look around to the pair the colonel tu find all eve on censeious . dis 40 ty ~e ext . pool - day 40 in the pool hamilton and henderson ave up be the end , brace on the wall . colonel two lap suit you ? hamilton better than three . another englishman ( maynard ) have come to the edge of the pool with the intention of act as starter . ee look down at hamilton , smile . maynard hello , Hamilton . maynard . please to meet you . be you gentleman vready ...? they nod and get brace . maynard ( concinue ) ave e to be ready , two to be steady , three to be .... go ... the colonel swim in a absolutely classic text book erawi , all of nis action ever so slightly stylisec . be 's fast and fluid . hamilton be a Little less stylish put effective nonetheless , he stay with the colonel until the turn , put the colonel execute a smooth professional tuzn around that leave hin hall a lengch ahead . jill watch incencly . close on hemilton who put in extra effort and dziw ahead . the colonel now show veal 's 's of fatigue . close on hamilton whe notice this . coast and let the colonel win by a couch , but the relative concicion as they stand up in the water leave no doubt as to who the fastar man be . jill and kwan join they at the poolsice . jill bravo ralsh ! ( to hamilton ) . that 's the neares= anyone 's come to beat hin . & 41 6 ) oe 40 cont 'd 40 kwan have you worried Colonel . colonel ( genuine smile at hamilton ) indeed he dic . jill stare at hamilton before turn back to the table . int . a.b.s. office - day 41 TIGER lily , the a.3.s. secretary , hand eamtlton a cup of coffee . bamilton Tiger lily you make the best coflee in jakarta . she giggle . hantlton indicate kumar ) what 's wrong with .... TIGER lily he have some trouble with che military . hamilton cross to kumar be desk . hamilton weat trouble ? what do you mean '' ailicary 's ? Kumar ? kumar my father have a small shop and every week the military make he pay . now he 's in such debt it can not help bin any more . tlton consider a moment , pick up a eizway bag sm ch om the floor and peel off some note . kumar . no boss . I be not lock for handout . & 41 cont 'd . 41 hamilton it 's nothing . 1 make more than this each week change dollar on the black market . kumar no boss . I just tell you the story to show you we problem . hamilton take it , please . kumar ( rod ) for my father I will play the beggar . kwan burst in the door . hamilton look up in surprise . kwan ( shour ) U.S. embassy ! hamilton spring up from the desk . kumar and TIGER lily watch with interest . hamilton in the car ! hamilton Bell anc howell load ? kwan chock -a-block ! bamilton any hair on the lens ? this be part cf a visual they alreacy know by heart . kwan / bamelton ( in unison ) you worry about the word . T will get the picture . they laugh and charge ous the docz . kumar follow . * 42 43 ext . U.S. embassy - day 42 a large crowd jam the road solidly from ome side to the other . demonstrator laugh and jeer at 4 late model car , which symbolise for they the hate westezn affluence . int . car - day 43 Old hortons , she a.3.s. driver , look worried as kwan lean ovt of the window filming the mob . so do kumar . kumar p.k.i. demand complete break with America . eamilton get pretty confident , be not they ? kumar they have a lot of support . hamilton enough to take over ? kumar perhaps . eamilton you do not look worried . kumar ( shrug ) ac least they would give we ¢ciscipline . hamilton look at kumar . the obvious think strike b be kumar p.k.i .? ( Communist ) . the think have already strike kwan some tine ego . they co not like each other . filming and look at kumar . scalin have good disci wipec cut ten million smile at kumar and resume he @) 44 50 ext . U.S. embassy - day 4a truck arrive and dump stone for the crowd to throw at the embassy . even SMALL boy join in , throw rock with greac ferocity . xn ° large and impassive U.S. marine stand guard at the gate ignere the frenzied , jeeze mob . youths try to scale . the embassy wall . the chant of the crowd be deafen . a group of people's youth perform quite good naturedly for kwan be camera . they press in on the car , scream , " take my picture , man " . they want the worldwide publicity , kwan want the shot . everything be in control util the crowd part to let a truck laden with demonstrator through . the truck find it 's way bar by hamilton be car and butt it angrily in the rear . the occupant of the car be throw around violently . dr car - day 45 hortono screass at the truck to no effect . kan what do we do now ? eamilton I think we get out . kumar better not boss ! he open the door . t av the youths who pour of F the block truck be a repositi to the other . for a start ustrere at be block and make th saze . secondly , they ere nazc emuda rakjer , young p.k.e indicate that e le , but wie nis or ugs grab kwan tou with be 46 cont'd 46 hamilton dive at the youte attack kwan , scatter one or two and push kwan hastily back inte the car , yell at hortono to ger move . one of the youch armed with a wick look bush knice take a lumge at hamilton 2s he dive into the caz . kamilton slam the door and hontono roar off forging a path through the crowd who be force to scaczer . fist , knife and stone thunder on the car body as it move away . 47 int . car - day _ 47 familton sigh with relief as the immediate dange > be pass . he look at kwan and see he stare at something with a look of alarm on he face . hamilton look down at he leg and realise that the knife have slice into he cal= . he be bleed profusely . 43 int . kwan' bungalow - day 48 kwan be bumgelow be contrastingly calc . hamilton sprawis in 4 rattan chaiz , he woundec llefc leg propped up on a pile of newspapet billy kneel at he foot dress the wound . nostates at several photograph of jill bryant wall . kwan take he eyeline . kwan what do you think of she ? hamilton eom ? rwad jizl , ramilton not my type . kwan Way 's chaz ? 52 48 cont 'd . 48 hamilton just she manner . the English cam be so bloody superior , like the Colonel and he " gin tonic without ice '' . kwan Jill 's nor like that . familton who 's that with she in the photo ? kwan look . kwan philliope -a french journalist . he be work here for a while . hamilton be they .... ? kwan yes they be . then he get tran in 's difficult for a woman like Jill here . hamilton why ? woman be in such shert supply they v ' ll get mote atrention here than they will ever ger . kwan it 's the sor of every man she mo into bec in the xsc five minute . eamilton ang it 's you job to keep ‘em at bay . hamilton 53 @ yy 48 cont'd 48 , kwan ( simply ) I ask she to marry I , bur she turn I down . hamilton avercs he gaze . hamilton what about the Colonel ? kwan ke want to marry she too . hamilton — she would not have he would she ? he 's too old . kwan ( shrug ) Jill seam very fond of he . get oo to watch this sort of thing in she ee tropic . I will gec you a penicillin tabiet in a memen : . kwan finish the bind . hamelton stance up ingezly to test he leg . hamilton I guess I will survive . kwan scurries of2 into the adjoin room . kwan ( 0/5 ) I will gec the tablet . basclton be attencion have be catch by a large filing cabinet the one side of the room . re hesitates for a moment before i g to take a closer look . he glance at the '' cabinet whose be part open tevealing a order set iy eamiltcn sciften and he eve se sove closer and we see irom he on the fizst file be : coding dept . , british esssy pull the cabine= czawez cpe rule further to reveal the second label : R elo , eamilton , guy . journalist , a.3.8 . Kitchen carry a bottle the two ten 54 2 . 48 cont 'd . . 48 oo hamilton who be you work for , billy ? kwan turn , he face a blank mask . ' kwan for you . hamilton the communist , the c.1.4 .? kwan come off it . eamilton ( intent ) why do you keep a file on the ? i kwan 2 I keep file on just about everything . — hamilton why ? kwan that 's my business old man . famllton why do you keep a gun here ? kwan and of mine . belong to a iri bahilton lock , if you have a operative for anyone : how do it know that ? 48 ao 50 < a 51 52 col nt'd kwan you be just go to have to trust I . there be a pause . we make a good team you know . we even look alike . hamilton look startle . it 's true . ic 's be notice . we have get the same coloured eye . ext . kwan' bungalow - niget the dull glow of a lamp from inside the bungalow . int . bungalow - niget kwan finish a entry a dossier and after the folder in filing cabinec he sily lock it , t zning iding place . he then hurriediy change he lurid Hawaiian shire for 2 plain black one , such be be wear by the peasanz of indenesiz . grabbing a small beg he cross to the kitchen azea and halt fill the bag with plain white rice take from a large jar . ext . bridge cver_a canal - not ewan clember over the stonework co one side ct the bridge and descend by a rickety ladder to the qua . below . ent . kampong . canal side - niget kwan walk through a shanty town of thatch anc cardcboare 5 : 2 pop music ¢r of hide woman , aa group of Ben play care . in he disguise pass unnotice inconesian 55 ay 49 50 51 52 53 54 56 int , tbu' hut - niget 53 ibu , a graceful and strike Indonesian woman in flow national dress look up as kwan enter she tiny , one -room hut . she be tock a primitive cradle and in the candle light she sculpture hince feature make she look uncannily like a piece of temple sculpture . she smile ac kwan . recognition rather than fear . re have be here berore . tbu take the baby from the cradle and show ic to san . he frown and speak to she in bahasa in a tone of concern , take a wad of rupiah from he pocket and give they to she . she thanks he in bahasa and tuck they away . he point to the baby and to ibu' young daugeter on the bed and indicate that the money shcule be spend on they , talk in reasonably fluent behase . she thanks he , put the baby back in the eradie and continue rock it . kwan give she the tice from he small bag . then he take a still camera from the bag and take several shot of mother and child . int . wayang bar - day . $ 4 a champagne bottle pass over champagne glass Zilling each widen to show that the pourer i curtis , cook & hamilton watch | the inevicable spillage and , rom wally , pick up they glass . cook be effort , lament at 1 now come on wally , what 's this all abour ? curtis ( drink ) . who care -- just keep pourong . wally gentlemen ! I have secure myself m of indenesia . curtis so have I . she 's wait up in my room . 5 54 cont'd 54 of 58 9 wally a beachhead of tranquility , a private domain -~ a haven . I have take a bungalow . there be stumn silence . ( scene 55 , 56 and 57 delete ) ext . jakarta STREET - day 58 Three betjak race down @ suburban street in New jakarta , dodging among the traific . the petjak Men , grin , be run alongside they machine which aze pedalle by two of the wayan ciub journalist . condo be passenger be hamilton , curtis have wally , ené — - pee cob ee ee westecn : sec tare -ese crtse ss bes . we see the strain on curtis ' face as he sweat under the load of he encrmous passenger . startle pedestrian stare at the curious sight , white several child give chase . close on half a dozen young soldier , who stare at the charade with distaste . condon draw alongside the betjak carry wally . wally magnisicent , where else could one live but this , eom ? curtis you be as ¢razy as biliy kwan . int . MAIN room , wally bungalon niget 353 wally hovsewer=a leudly 32 zy 40 guest eurcpean , applause . sukamn cap . 58 $9 cont'd 5 ° kwan I will say one thing for you , anglo - saxon be better in the trepic ! cheer , delighted laughter . the wayang Club cake this up and begin sing ic : '' anglo - saxon eat better in the ropic ! " kwan ( tilting he sukarno cap ) who do I look like ? wally a Australian - chinese in a pitji cap . laughter . the party roll on . hamilton stand by the bookshelve talk idly the condon buzhe 's net teally incerested . his eye move across the rocon towards jill who be dance wich curtis . walhy ink beer from a vase from which he have removec the < 3 ; ext to he a effeminately handsome inconesian the parsy roll on . as es 60 int . study - niget : 60 wally stand in he study with hadji . he pour hadiji a drink and they silently toast one another . wally stroke eadsi be cheek a. tionately . kwan burst in the door carry nis present . he step dead as he see what 's happen . wally stand stock still . wan place he gi=c on a small table . kwan my housewarm gif . ee turn co leave . wally motion to & to leave . re do so , close the deor behind hin 60 cont 'd 60 wally say something billy . ger it off you chest . kwan I wonder why you move out of the hotel . wally I be be watch , in the bar . Ali be keep a file , and there 's nothing they would like better than to get I we on a moral charge . they do not like the storey I write ( pause ) . billy . we have know each other since svdney University day , and we have never really see eye to eye on anything -- but do not be too quick to judge I over this . kwan what vou de in private be you ow business wally . wally I have come to love this bloody country you know . I can be uyself here . kwan you love this country ? turmabout . ni : = the wayang and place to shred , anc .... wally we all play we we little charade , hoom ? be 's expect of I . kwan and now because of some perverse infatuation you sudden changa you tune . @ 60 cont 'd 61 60 60 wally it 's not perverse billy . the javanese have everything -- intelligence , subtlety , sense of humour . the truth be 1 never want to leave . I belong here now . wally sit behind he giant teak desk , stare straigh= ahead , the trace of a tear form in he eye . int . MAIN room , wally bungalow - night 61 colonel eenderson stand neaz hamilton . jill stand with a group but warch the colonel and familton . she 's a distance away . colonel I have deen note you seufl . interesting . sill meve towards they , kwan appear from wally be stucy and cross to they . bamilton interesting ? colonel yes . you be still young enough and brave enough to speculate . hamilton ( tense ) the lombok famine be not exactly speculation . . rwan how do you like what we do with that one , jilly ? jtll I find ic a lic ( search for od= the word ) melo ral fie tatic . Kean starvation be a little bis cramstic . 6 % ! 61 61 cont'd 61 63 : jtll it 's only my opinion . my flatmate be move to tear , so there you be ? hamilton what do it cake to move you to tear ? the colonel note the tension in hamilton be voice . colonel that 's it I be afraid . Fifteen minute to curlew . . groan all round . watch be check and everyone make general preparation to leave . int . kwan' bungalow - niget 62 close on the wavang puppet om kwan be wall ; arjuna , the hero , srikandi , the princess , and between then , senn2n the dwarl . billy kwan reach up and take down arjuna and srikandi , hold one in each hanc . int . a.b.s. office - day 63 bamilton sit ac he typewricer wrestle with some intractable copy that refuse to come out of the typewrirer correctly . sheet ol type paper be rip we , sezew into ball and aim at 2 distant waste paper basket . kumar politely place the baset closer . ha ton toss the next page at the old position and notice that the basket have change position . . hamiltow . pur it back . kumar but boss samilton I like the challenge . 63 cont'd 63 kumar shrug and do what he 's tell . he look across at TIGER lily who grin . the fan beat the hot heavy air sluggishly around the room . there 's a knock at the door . bamilton come in . tne door open and jill bryant come in . she have on a wide - brimm hat and a comnflower blue cress . she stands in the doorway , a little uneasy . jtll hello . be billy here ? hamilton no , he have not be in ali day . jtll we be go for lunch . eamilton perhaps he 's on he way . jill not unless he 's later than I a . sorry , I must have get somech mix up . hamilton like a coffe o> something ? jill ne , please . li have interrupt you . hamilton glad you do . ( ee indicate the up paper ) . this be one of come , tell he I have go back to the embassy . '' 63 cont 'd . 63 q hamilton get a car ? jill I will take a cab . eamilton I will give you a lift . jtll no , please . I will take a cab . jill go out the door . eamilton hesitates a second then go across to the door . ramilton ( Calling after she ) why do not we dri over to billy 's place and with shim there . i have get to get hold of he myselz . 2 ( a pause ) jill ge eamilton I will jusce grab my coat . eamtlton abandon nis urbane pose and dash back into the office to collect he coat and key . kumar look knowingly across at TIGER L . suddeniy he remember something . . kumar boss ! have you Zovgotten ? the cireuizc to sycney . Zwo o'ciock . e 63 cont 'd . 63 64 hamilton ic 's not important . cancel it . kumar what abour priok ? you have to be there by three . hamilton to chought it be four . kumar ( shake bis head ) Three , boss . eamilton ( irricate ) o.k. I will make ir . and do not call the boss ! kumar take hamilton be packet of ef throw they to he as he go ous tt car , jakarta stre - 64 there be a awkward silence between then . jill sorry if 2 offended you abour you famine story last night . hamilton why be ic so melodramatic 's ? tll I do offend you , dicn 'c 1 ? bamilton iz be 2 good piece . jtl no i of it be fine . @ 64 cont 'd , 64 hamilton iwas there . I see the rib cage and the eye . jill perhpas you only need to mention | they once . there be a awkward silence . hamilton reach down to turn on the tadio . he accidentally bump she knee . hamilton sorry . the radio blare on . it 's faz too loud and the tune be a hideous westernise Indonesian pop song , sung . in English . t be " Blue bird over the White clisf of dover " , jill can not stop hersel= from grin . she glance across at eamilton who frown ceterminedly but can not stop hicsel= break into a grin . bungalow and garden - day 65 they open the gate to billy be garden . jill Ralph 's quite impressed with you . hamilton bow kind of hin . jz De not be so touchy . eamilton it sound patronise . jtl wo x a wy mit mean that war . ramilion Z couldn ' : care less what Ralph think . otll th. then why do you let he win that race ? 65 cont'd 65 hamilton Press important to hin . jill be you always that generous ? hamilton t do not have anything to prove . jill really ? hamilton he remind I a little bic of my father . what I can remember of hin . jill be be kill in the waz . hamilton bow do you know that ? jill billy tell I . iy int . MAIN room , billy bungalow - day 66 jill open the door and call " billy " . there be .o vesponse . jill end hamilton walk in and immediately see phoro of themselves place side by side om the wall . they be embarrassed . hamiltcn move away . sitll see hamilton look at the picture of she fr & journalise . hamilton journalist ? jtlo . ome of the very best . he 's im saigon now . 7 66 cont'd 66 bamilton ( smile ) leave any scar ? jtll no . 67 eamilton look uncemfortable . ee glance at he wateh , get up suddenly and move to the door . bamelton look , I have get a couple of interview to do at priok . want to come ? you could keep a eye on _ the melodrama . ext . bar - day 67 they sit out je at a stall , nondescript bar overlook : he harbour . ic be a location '' without charm in any odrinary sense . the water bustles with crafe and there be a texture of sound from they anc the underlying pulse of che water . near at hand two Indonesians pley domino insice the bar , make a sharp rat-tatcing on the table . on the horizen large ominous black cloud be banking up and there be the occasional distant rumble of thimder , ea guntize . hamilton anc jill be juss a listle drunk , sof edge in the palpable heat . jtll billy ? a egen ? be you joke ? hamilton hew come he can get I a interview with the top commmissc in Indonesia ? very well , do vou ? bamtltchn hew ¢i¢ he do ic then ? 67 cont 'd be 67 ou sheer blu é he breeze into every embassy reception whether he 's invite to not and nobody can ever pluck up the courage to throw he out . hamilton what abour he file ? he 's get a file en you , a file on I .... jtll ke 's also get a file on urban redevelopment . he just like file . hamilton I like the lictle bloke bur sometimes I think he 's crazy . jill ee be a bit . so whac ? he 's still one = the most interesting people I have ever meet . hamilton as interesting as phillippe ? jtil do not you have a interview ? ramilton ( shrug ) what exactly do you de at the embassy ? jtll to work with ralsh . hamilton be vou a spook or something ? jtl no . «>! a oo : 67 cont'd 67 hamilton you be be not you ? jtll : if I be I would searsely tell you , . would I ? large spot of rain fall at they table . the man from the baz come out at that momenr with two more drink . he set they down without a word . they look at each other . . jtil do you order ? '' ramilton ( shrug ) iomust have .... and they laugh on as the rain begin to thicken . .~... better get in the car . jill what about this ? she point to the drink . bramilton take they with we ! by the time they have reach the car the rain be bounce off the roof . int . car - Day 68 rain be literally fall in buckersful -- a opaque sheet , blotting out visibilicy and drum stricenctly on the metal . tne door open and they dive in , both drenchec . they look at each other and laugh | they intense proximity < be insutticient «& '' 68 cont'd 68 70 they look at each other . for a long moment there be the eleceric sense that they might kiss . hamilton , not be able to think of anything better to do , raise the glass in a toast . he lean across towards she . jill nervously forescalls any kiss by raise she glass in a toast . as quickly as ic come , the rain squall ease , visibilicy retusa , and the moment pass . ext . STREET of embassy residence - dusk 69 the rain have stop and the last ray of the sum glisten on the roadway . hamilton be car splashes ep to the ker > under the watchful gaze of armed soldier patrol the street . int . car - dusk 70 hamilton switch off the engine . he look at + 7 tll . each hold the other 's gaze . the silence break only by the chirp of cricket . they both lock away almost at the same momenc= . jill look , I .... eamilton ( speak simultaneously ) how long before you go ? jtll twe week . a silence . hamilton set tenigh ? 70 cont'd 70 4 wo tomorzow . jill i'm tie up all week . hamilton look at she keenly . she become uneasy . jill what would be the point of complicate thing now ? hamilton I would like to see you . stil guy , I want to get on that plane to lendon without acc achment of regret . ms the door , get we and lean back through thank you and goodbye for the second tine . eamilton , disappointed , nod . and the lombok piece be melodrama cc. she hur 3 away towards the izon_ gate o2 the ambassador 's residence anc go nox look back . ( scene 71 delete ) bungalcw - nigee ~ not up a number of photogzaph . trey as we sec a shot hong lens photograph of there be other in 73 int . eamtlton' HOTEL room - night 73 close on a tape recordex , the spool cumming slowly . hamilton ( w/0 ) " identification - guy hamilten , jakarta . lead - in for story : widespre Zamine on the island of lombok . piece begin in five second . end of idensification . " a hand spool the tape fast forward . wider to see hamilton search for the section of he report jill call '' melodramatic '' . he find it and listen for a while , before move ts the telephone . int . jill apartment - niget 74 jill be flatmate moira sit az a desk write a aerogry . ame by the light of 2 lamp . the phone ring . motra hello ? hamilton ( Voice only ) coul I speak to jiil Bryant please . motra I be sorry , she 's out this evening . any message ? hamilton * * ( Voice only ) ( pause ) I will call tomerrow . motra replace the receiver , then turn arcund . cu to jill sit can the bed . ' they eve meer . motra suze ? " " jilu nod " ves @ 7 7 not 5 6 int . MAIN room , billy kwan' bungalow - er _ 75 billy be play a special piece of music on a portable tape machine . hamilton sprawle on a divan smoking . kwan ( shout over the music ) now ! listen to this part , guy ! Da , Da , Da , De . eamilton watch billy conduct the orchest but he eye wander over the various shot of jill on the wail . there seem to be a mumbez of new one on display . in . rey mouse cafe - niget 76 billy be dining with jill . she too look preoccupy . billy scucies she face light by the light of the table laz= >. wan no tegret ? jill ( smiling ) + no . xwan look et she closely . he do not believe she . int . a.3. s5 . cf kumar bring a pile of c work at 's desk . chen . kumar raise be trping . someché : ton look up a I out over the milton ! ds on the balcony kwan tumn and cross to S desk . tks up a print care i 77 : cont'd 77 79 close on the card . under the british coat of azm be a print invitation to a formal cockcail party at the bricish summer residence at bogor . kwan I will not be use ty place for a few day so if you feel like get out of the hotel , here 's the key . ( indicate card ) be you go ? : hamilton to that ? you be joke . kwan Jill will be there . not . hamilton be room , HOTEL indonesia - NZ tilton sencs cloches five as he search in he board fez a dinner jackec . be crag out 42 pacity crush coat and try it fic leox the but it will have to do . he puck a bow tie on . refuse to lie horizontal . he do a quick brush anc check in ) the mirror , be not pleased wi but hesn 'c the time to do much about it . he grab he kevs and cigarettes and hurry for the door . int . reception room , british rest ce . colonel eenderson in full wi crowded reception toom blast : he precede a Indonesian servant '' 27 heape wich Sydney rock cyster . the formally guest greet the sight with ooh and aah anc scattered applause . march into the on he b ( shout ) Music irom Henderson . oyster from qantas ! £ 9 ! bo 81 int / ext . hallway . front door , fes= = _- niget 80 a servant open the door to hamtlton . a british aide advance cn he , a rather disapprove look on he face . hamilton offer he a rather crush look invitation . int . reception room - niget 81 . several people attempt to dance to the jig play by the colonel , whem a aide suddenly clap nis hand for attention . the colonel wheeze to a halt . aide no . 2 lady and gentlemen . thank you . could I remind that of you drive back to jakarta that curfew time approach . re indicate he watch to the groan of several guest . '' bill turn and freeze as she see hamilton across the room . the colonel whe have noc notice hamilton be arrival strike up again and the dance resume . jill and eamtlton remain motionless , while , between they , the dancer swirl about the floor , jill eross toward the door lead onto a dimly lis courtyard . hamilton watch then follow . exe . courtyard - nige = 82 they move out of the circle of light throw by the reception room . in the background the skirl of pipe make a odd contrast with the set . they stare az each other . hamilton let 's get out of here . / '' sell ioca n'ct . T be a weekend guest . eamilton so? jill I be a weekenc guest hamilton amie ton TI lef : this party with vou in jakarta would know by 82 cont'd 82 83 84 bamilton who care . jtll guy , I be leave in less than a week ! colonel ( v/0 ) Jill ! the colonel can be see inside the reception room move . amongst the remain guest . jill stare at hamilton chen turn and walk - back towards the house . hamilton turm on he heel and stalk of= . she turn in cima to see he cisappear around the side of the house . exe . 30 gor_ residence - niget 83 hamilton head for he car . his whole figure radiate fmustrarion . he get to the car , tmlock ict , get in and slam the door . int . car - niget 84 be put the key in the ignition , turn it . the car cough wmresponsively . hamilton ( rage and disbelie= ) Christ ! he try again . same result . start you bastard ! cowed , iz do . he race the engine , the sound 2:11 up , mimick he mood . he be just about to drive off i see jill materialise , blurry and sclt edgec ac sdow . she get in . . af it 's out she 's afraic ci what she 's ab ac she look tremulous , hali she age . 85 86 77 ext . bogor re 85 the colonel emezge and hurry towards the car . colonel what the hell do you think you 'r do ! Jill ! ic 's seven minute to surtew ! - bamilton gum the car , which speed towards the gate in a4 great clamour of exhaust . int . car - night 86 they rocker down the bogor Road . jill over beside eamelton , touch he all over , kissing he on the neck . he grin insanely and hurtle the big carz the radio jangle on some distant station and the night wind blow jill be hair , fill the car with its tush . ahead we see the white spot of the roe block . hamilton glance at he watch . he look at jill . get down ! jill slide down in the seat as he gim the car anc the roadblock come surging to meet then . row of oil drum stretch across the road . SOL rum out wave they down , hamilton start blaring the ts horn . jill watch the white obstacle come speece nearer , hamilton glance at she . she be calm , almost smile . the soldier leap away , the oil dress go scato anc they be through jilz do not move . eam glance at she again , ress by she steel . begin to laugh and hamilton pick it up , the laughter erasy , intoxicating . road - nige 87 @ } 88 89 90 78 int . kwan' bungalow - niget 88 milton and jill make love with the intansity and passion of they ride . ext . kwan' bungalow - niget 8g kwan , on he green scooter , come riding down the desert street towards he house . he see the F park outside , slow down anc stop to look at i he note the long rent of a buller hole in the trunk , sit a moment , face enigmatic in the shadow , then drive off up the street . ext . tbu' kampong - niged 90 ewan walk through the shanty town of pack case and cardboard . not . tbu' egt - NZ $ 1 isu nursing she sick child , kwan sic on the grounc in a corner of the hut . _ wayang bar - morning 92 wally , curtis , condon sit up az the dar . hamilton enter anc move ze then . they exchange sly grin , >t the ceme , nudge each other , like schoolboy enjo g a imminent practical joke . hamilton wnac 's the big joke ? curtis you be look a bi coupon at ‘oo of t D good luck to you . they be only jealous . curtis naan , they say she 's a very good lay . be eee 8 have bee '' Le gd 92 cont 'd $ 3 94 95 $2 hamilton look at curtis , shoot the palm of he hand up at he chin , heave and curtis go sprawling . hamilton storm out . wally oh dear , I think the boy 's in love . int . corridor , temporary british embassy - day 93 jill arrive az work and walk the long | gorricor to she office . she encounter several staii member whe either avoid she steacy gaze or greet she with exaggerated good himour . int . jill office - day 94 motra enter the of ce , smile in a know way at stll . jill sigh wich relie Z at the sight of she friend . jill it must be mad . int . colonel henderson' office - day 95 the colonel stand look out to he office wondow to the cool green of the residency garden . jil watch hin . . jstll I be sorry . colonel about whar ? jill + ti I have embarzassec you . colonel Ace you in icve with hin ? €) | 95 cont 'd 80 95 jstll I be mot sure what 1 feel , but I would like to stay . colonel I be sorry , it 's impossible . jill I will resign . colonel I think you would better read this . he hand she a document . jill peruse it , look az ai then hand it back . stll can you trust the source ? colonel what ¢o you think ? . jtll nod . colgnel personal issue be izrelevant now Jill . it 's a matter ci gerting as many of my scaft we as I ce before the kill start . and there 's question tnat you ' ll be on the piane . jill just how imminenc be be Ralph ? colcnel iz could be a matter of day , ane when it hap four hour * the evacua teancime we normal . jin. how bad be it go to >be ? ' 95 cont 'd 9 oo ow 6 colonel it 's a faiz bet most of we be on the p.k.i. death lise . jtll can anyone outside the embassy be warn ? colonel I be afraid nor . te any of this get out there will be wholesale panic and I will have no hope of get everyone out ( pause ) . I know what you must be feel , but I do not think they will crouch the press . ext . canal side , near a.b.s. office , jakarta - day Light rain fall as jill walk past a squatter settlement beside a canal . for she , the routine stzeect life have take on a ominous almost stu quality , a man chop up coconuz ath a large cane knife ; a woman spit on the pevement in frouc of she ; 3 voice echoin soldier , ak47 rie i : shoulder , eat brightly coloured ice block . jill walk on oblivious to the rain which have soak she hair and run in rivulet down she face . int . stairway / landing 4.8.5 . offi tll climb slowly to the a.3.s. Office . she slimo against the wall beside the closec cifice door . int . 4.3.s. office - day ain if he have hear a fain have hear the sound and eamtlton look up , unce knock on the door . & meve to open the door . stare at hamilton . jill do not enter bus stand 95 96 97 98 99 99a @ fy 82 exd . landing . a.b.s. office ~- day ramilton , puzzle , join jill on the landing . she pove from the doorway before suddenly embrace im , int . kwan' bungalow - day - 994 heavy , soaking tain beat down on kwan be bungalow and garden . hamilton sit at kwan be desk . he wear a bath towel around he waist as he sit bashing at the typewriter , he eye screw up agezinst the smoke from he cigarerte . jill sit back in bed watch he . hamilton turn . bramilton do I wake you ? she doesnt ' answer . ramilton every time we make love I get a great idea for a story . she pick up a cigaracce from a packet beside the bed , search around for a match . eamiltow notice this anc call we from typewriter . eamilton in my jack . jill reach for he jacket which lie with the resz of he exmzple clothes on the floor . she feais in the pocket and sing a piece of bright rec nocepaser ( the same piece cl paper kwan give to eamilton on che firsc night they meet ) , she glence at it . jill where do you get this ? eamilton turn to look . raiilton ia 's a poem silly give to I . bl. $ 9a cont'd 99 she look at he for a moment then begin to read aloud . @ ) jill '' suddenly I remember the at Court when you and I gallop to as we walk we horse up we tuen and gaze at the early levee the purple yard . Dragon tail sereet green of the Southern Hills . since we parte , beth of we have be grow old ; anc cur mind have be vex with many anxious care ; yer even now I fancy that my ear be full of the sound of jade tinkling en you bridle strap . " . she finish reading . during this hamilton have turn away , listen . jill light she cigaretre . inhale . jill - want you and billy to get we onesia as quickly as you can . ramilton why ? what have you hear ? jill ican ' : tell you , but please go . the th exbassy 's be evacuate almost immediately . eamilton jtll De my ship leave shanghai a few day ago hamilton arm for the p.h.i . ? ) right ? 994 cont 'd eamilton they 'll probably ship they ince a small port somewhere as tennis racket or toilet seat wmder a false bill of lading -- something like that . jill forget the story , guy . just get ouc . eamilton they will not touch the press . jill you will be the first to go . eamilton iocan 'c ren away from something like this . jtll I tele yeu this to save vour life , guy -+ you can not use ic hamilton I will not source it back to you . jiil they have get a right to know . y & & Water from the moon . eamilton — T aie avanese save . 100 ow int . a.b.s. office - evening 100 hamilton walk into he office look irticace and exhaust . he turn on the ligaz . billy kwan emerge out of the shadow . hamilton billy . what be you do here at this hour ? kwan wait for you . hamilton there should be some more work fer you soon , but at the moment I be just out tracking down some information . kwan about a acm shipment ? eamilton how do you know ? : kwan Jill 's a close friend ef mine too . eamilton ( nod ) I be get nowhere on it . kwan you should not even be out there look . '' hamteton why ? kwan because Jill tell you i same as she tell I . 2 '' story they will know ic come fron she . 85 @ 100 cont'd 100 bamilton I be not run the story unless I get evidence of my own . that might salve you conscience mate , but everyone ' 11l khow where the story come from and you know ic . hamilton it 's too big a story to just let lie , billy . I will not sun it umeil 1 ger . independent confirmation . if tha t's not good enough for you I 's sor it 's the best I can do . . kwan - l£ the communist get the faintest _ . inkling what you be z= thes they will kill you withous a second 'a though : hamilton when che shipment _ tand the whole counsry slow up ly . iz ft de not follow something aothis up i mgh as well go and grow watermelon 16h int , hamtlton be rocm , eo ce a et rarr oo tw ' hamilton be om the telephone . telephone oferator ( v/0 ) hullo . make a poh residence again later . 86 101 cont'd 101 @ hamilton o.k. he hang up andpour himself a seetch . suddenly there be a loud thumping on nis wali , accompany by a muffle shout . he bang back on the wall , then move to the doer and open it . 102 int . corridor HOTEL - night 102 the door to the next room open and be elate curti come out with a telegram in he hand . he dance up to hamilton . curtis ( sing ) '' be bep a lulu , she 's my baby , be bop a lulu ané i do not mean maybe . " ( speak ) sergon ! ioget the bicch ! T get itt hh baby ! 63° 193 int . bar 103 a low dive . curtis and hamilton be put away seotch . curtis raise he hand wsteadily , and dasertty toase ma eae - curtis no hard feeling guy ? I kaow be 's ard for you to squash that pang of envy when you be in the presence of talent like mine , but look az it this way -- if there be not peak like I in the profession you guy would have nothing co aspire to . bramclton my eminence , dut —™ 103 cont'd 103 € . hamilton I be glad you be go to saigon - curtis thank you , but you have say thar already - hamilton because you be about to miss we on the stery of you life . curtis like what ? hamilton . wait and see . curtis '' you terrify I . just as I be about on China enter the war , young - will wipe I oun wich be upcate on kicney . '' be laugh uproaricusly . curtis the one thing I hate about mysel= be that I be a bad winner . I be not great at humility . agreed ? he stick out he chin and shape up in a exaggerated fashion . curtis I be a bad bastard Zamilcen . no two way about it , I be a bad dastazc . bamtlton chuckle and push he fist away . ramilton you be about to miss out om the story ef you life . welton chuckle gleefully . curtis frown . 104 int . car - niget 104 hamilton drive . curtis roll a joint . curtis when we get there baby , remember one thing . Roll up the window and roll ‘em iast or that hooker come right inside . curtis emit a whoop of glee . the good thing about this inflacion be that you can ger ‘em all night for twelve american cent . they reach the kebayoran cemetary area . a single lamp illuminate a wall overn with frangipani . a group of women wear western garb . cheap cotton frock or tight black skirt ahc blouse . a army ' truck be park nearby . the soldier lounge around idly with sub-machine gun take no interest in the girl or the european . curtis ( gleefuliy ) stop she here ! as the cat slow to a halt , the women begin co zmum , with shrill eries , cirvectly towards then . curtis you window . ger it shut . hamilton wind he window up hastily . the trick be to get the door open fer to the one you want , and shut the door fasc . by now the women be swarm over every inch of the ebscure the windscreen and all che side window . shrill implore eries can be hear th 3 and they hand move across it with sp ess . some throw up they dress , other contort face into grotesque parody of sensval enticement . curtis be sigsle hysterically . curtis go ahead dollink ! pick one . tnere 's mine there . by 104 cont'd 104 he point to a voluptuous young girl , lean across hamilton co open the door and inadvertently sound the hom . eamilton , in a almost reflex action , push he back in the seat , let he Zoot slowly off the clutch anc as soon as he 's clear of the women , pick up speed . curtis what the hell be you do ? let I out ! I 'l ) go after pussy on foot i= I have to . . curtis cool down . hamilton be shaky . the scene be tremble en the edge of hallucination . nsrtis see ~ . ic in he face . hamilton stcp the car . the girl see this anc begin vumning towarc they . curtis ( continue ) - ee . you alright ? hamilton yeah . and they shaxe hand , suddenivy solamm and then cu leave he . hamilton wecch he into the shadow to be engulf suddenly by dozan of whore . 205 ext . capparr . HOTEL indonesia - night 205 hamilton walk from the carpark through chorus es he dic on the first night in . they stare at he with pen cont cleser to the rim of the one deform craatur near oma be scuttle away as hamilton approach . there sign of the usual doorman . the only sound be - gistant threbbing of a gamelan orchestra and the unnaturally loud click of hamilton be shoe on the roadwer 106 e oo a ws 99 int . warerouse , port build , priok ~ day 106 a indonesian naval officer sit behind a litter desk . khaki uniform , tarnish gold braid , cap with break peak and a impessive unreadable face . he stoke a kretek cigarette and exhibit a deceptively genial manner . hamilton a shipment that size can not arrive without someone know . officer perhaps there be no such shipment . hamilton reach into a bag , take out a bimdle of rupiah . officer you come back in two day . hamilton turn . Mr hamilcon ? 8 B about this matter . but I might have be . ext , warehouse , dock area ~ day 1064 hamilton emerge from the warehouse , walk along the dock stare up at a large vessel unloadin : various crate which eat stamp " tzakcor '' ent . alley , near dock area - day l065 kumar sit behind che wheel of the a.b.5. car . hamilton approach , gecs in the car . int . car - day loec xumar look distinctly uneasy . hamilton we will go up cobmery . check the northe=n pert . port area - day l08d ce c= a port mis shoulcer . 107 108 109 ext . countryside - day fal a hat ee the car weave its way up into the breathtaking hill coumery of central Java . bevond the wet tice paddy and the tea estate rise the green cone of terrace hilis , anc finally the silk - blue cone of the great volcano chain thar be Java 's spine . int . car - day hamtlton slump in the passenger seat sleep of f= the efZecc of he booze and dope session with curtis . kumar drive , glance across at he " boss " . g ext . villa , tw gu - day the car turn into a driveway of a old crumble villa . ic 's a classic example of dutch colonial architecture and command a stimn view of sided terrace and have a old garden of £ 1 tree and rese set into the side of the hill . . olé servant hurry from the front door followec dy TIGER lily . int . car - day ramilton ( waking up from a snooze ) why be we stop here ? rumar it 's too hot boss . we will have a test and a swin . aitlton we have get too much work to do . kumar theratetive ) hamilton wrat 108 120 lil 112 92 ext . villa - day 111 kumar get out of the car kumar a government villa , TIGER lily have a friend . we stay here sometimes . they move off towards the house , speak softly to each other . hamilton get ouc of the cat , umsure for the first time about what he 's get haimsel= into . ext . pool - day , 112 the age servant approach with a tray of drink which he place at a table where eamilion and kumar sit by the pool . hamilton wear a oid fashioned swimsuit borrow for the occasion . TIGER lily look startingly attractive in a one piece swimsuit as she wander about on the far side of the pool . the pool izselZ , though once luxurioe , have long be neglect . mar cake a drink in a elegant glass , examine it and he surroundings . have you be to Europe ? hamilton only as a tourist . kumar be this how they live ? hamilton some . kumar for we this be " watex from the moon '' . eamzlton react to the phrase jill use the last tine they be togerher . 93 112 cont'd 112 bamilton what do that mean ? kumar it mean something one camnet ever have . hamilton give kumar a cigarette . kumar Mr curtis be leave . hamilton nod . kumar soon you will be the only one lett . we be no tonge oz interest to the world . & I think you will be of great interest to the world very soon , and i think you know it . kumar I will see you airez siesta . hamilton siesta ? kumar you be in old Java now , boss . the stone step . lton turn to ap , then she 94 112 cont 'd : 112 113 hamilton watch the circle where she disappear . she do not surface . ilence . hamilton , eye narrowing as he begin to be concerned . he get up , peer intothe dactk green murky water , then dive in . underwater sequence 113 thick green water . hamilton swim , head tumnin from side to side , search . Ray of ligne strike down from the surface . hamilton close - up , peer ahead at something white . TIGER lily float , she arm and leg limp , apparently umconscious . hamilton swim to she . as he do so , she face roll over and look at hin . she smile widely , then coil herself and shoot upwards for the suriace . hamilton follow : TIGER lily leg and torso visible above he , provocatively arched . close up on hamilton , near the surface , when TIGER lily hand reach down and grip he hair , push he under agein . we see from he face that he badly need air . hamilton struggle , she body azchec above he , he face grow contort , alaznec . he reach up , seize the wrist above he head and put a grin on it . kez hand less go . ext . pool - day 124 keround , ot she watch hia eling to the ledge . laughter and the sk ke bathing distort the beauty of nez face so that she look ntiy grotescue . eamilton arcive and tread water , look az she . TIGER lily De not look so fierce . just a lictle joke . 114 cont 'd : . 114 115 oo close on hamilton , stare ac she . she haul herself out of the water and take she towel she move off hack up the stone step to the villa . int . hamilton' bedroom villa ~ dusk tls he lie on a narrow bed in a bare functional room . he 's clad only in undershort anc be sweat , despite the slow -turn fan . a portable racio murmur softly on a bedside table . rom outside , the loud drilling of cicadas . a sudden creak noise make he start . the noise have come from a green lizard cling to the wall , a gecko . close up on the lizare -- huge bulbous eye , its throat pump ous a series of strange mechanical click sound . wide angle on the room -- some time have pass and the light in the room be now din . close on hamilton , he face rumning with sweat as he sleep . he wake with a start , check ris watch , then stumble across the nhali-dark room co che window . the room be stifling and he cpen the shutter wide . ext . terrace - dusk ray be or the view from the tervace be West Java at its most superb : in the fade light we see tower volcanoe ang a mist move sow into the valley . as the darkness gather a old sezvant and a boy in a sarong creep out on to the tazrace anc stand at attention by the door . hamilion take out a ei garetce : e old man be instantly by he si =e give he a light , set a ash tray . kumar join he . ramilton you be p.k.2. , aze not you ? ( after a pause ) my country be weight cl poverty isc wrong so hope for '' 116 cont 'd go 116 hamilton when the kill start be you go to be part of it ? kumar sometimes there be no other way . ramilton I want to move off early in the morning Kumar . kumar I be sorry bess , but I must go to jakarta in the morning . my unele be sick . ramiltow then I will go alone . kumar you must not ask amy morte about the Z ship boss . & eamilton do vou know when it 's arrivi perhaos it be aiready here . hamilton taank you , Kumar . that 's all I need to know . pee br pe R eo a a co ) aueemrett socn . ©) 1216 cont 'd 117 hamilton stare at he . he see that kumar mean ic . int . eamilton 's car , road - day ramtlton ' s$ car speed on into the countryside . mud wall of small village , ané the odd pedestr rian aze see . int . car - day hamilton round a bend and be force to brake hard as he find the roac pack from one side to the other by a procession cl ?.k.1. demenstratcr . several of the crowd tum on see the ear and begin sheuse co they comrade . hamilton spin the car round as part of the crowd run towards he . tyre scream , he just manage to take off before be surrounce . ° some chase fter he , shouting and '' nusl Stones aiter the ear . he travel a hundred cr so vard back down the road befere brake again , as another column of mazcher appeaz irom a dusty side roac . they converge on hin from both direction . he frantically leek al the door , he face break ocuc into large bead of perspiration . car - dat the car be survcund by a anery mob , stark and menace . they pound on the rool with they fist . we giizpse hamilton , white ané tense behind the wheel '' : 116 118 oo 97 122 123 int . car - day hamilton sit hunch over the steering wheel , he foot jamme on the clutch , keep the engine run for a getaway . but heis wall in with body . the face at the window be distort with vage as they scream in Indonesian and English . voice nekolim ! nekclim pig ! ext . car - day the crowd , now in its hundred , begin to rock the car to rythmic shout in a obvious attempt so overturn it . the wheel begin to leave the ground . int . car - day eamilton be sure he 's go to die . trapped in he metal capsule he hold doggedly to the steering wheel , nis iace umnaturally pale . g - the chant be so loud iz block out everything the car sway violently , rise to 2 steep angie then evash sickeningly cow , then tis again the other way like 2 boat in a stoma . ext . car - day 3 leader wi ated scart around he head , ez , begin to shout crder , starve ag many of this at he comma tae crowd disperse . the rock motion become less acute . ton lower find releasec . g wheel and shake hy 125 126 128 ext . ibu' kampong ~ day kwan make he way to ibu be hut . as he draw near to it he notice several of she neighbour stand abour outside the hut . they stare at he as he approach , he hesitates , sense that something be wrong . they move aside to let he pass . ine . dbu be hut - day ibu sit on the bamboo bed , hugging herself , hunch in the immemorial attitude of the grieZ stricken woman . she rock , very gently , to and 20 , and stare at the floor . her small daughter crouch im one comer , face awed and stony , not move . at ibu' feen the butter - box cradle be cover with 2 ¢loth . kwan be ac the doorway take all of this in . he move to she . close on kwan , stare , he face freeze with gziet . ext . walkway - ibu' kampong - day a funeral procession . i3u's srienc have arrange a funeral procession of betjak . billy kwan walk beside it . a special sarong have be buy to wrap aroumd the body of izu be child . BU vide in the lead betjak hold he . a yellow ¢lecth have be tie to the betiak to indicate to the other traliie that this be a funeral of the poor . in Asia yellow be the colour of death . trazfic give way to the procession as it move out onto the highway towards the pauper burial area . as they approach the burial area tbu weep . close on billy kwan as he watch i5u be help out cf the betjak . ent , sukarno poster , kampong wall - day billy stand in fron up at the portr c face be a mixture 0 ll poster stare xpression on he ttre ° 99 125 126 127 129 130 loc ext . british ambassador's residence , jakarta - dusk 129 hamilton stand by the sentry bex outside the british residence . behind the iron gate light be be switch on , and figure cam be see move about inside the building . a sentry inside the bex hang up a intercom telephone then walk over the eamilion . sentry sorry , miss Bryant unavailable . bamelion nod , turn and walk to he car . int . telecommunication build , control room - duse 130 bamilton sit in the glass booth from which he send he circuic piece , scsipt in fronc of he , flager on the mike key . hamilton be umshaven , dirty , weary . the wall speaker erack to lite . creighton ( v/0 ) abs Sydney stand by , go aheac jakarta . the speaker hiss as hamilton stare at the swiceh in front of he . ac this momenn billy kwan enter the studio . ee stand by the Indonesian technician he gaze fix on hamilton . creighton ¢v / 0 ) be you there jakarta ? we be roll guy , over . guy ? hello ? eamtlton look away from kwan and throw the switch . eamzlion ( after a moment 's pause ) cation : guy hamilcon in jakarta . lead - in for story : a secret consignment of arm have be snizped to jakarte by the feking government . be intend for a peopie 's aray under p.k.2. command , anc could mean civil war . piece begin in fiv second . {ilton look up to see the studio door close behing ( scene 132 delete ) 133 ext . canal side STREET , chinese quarter - dusk 132 . a chinese store be be loot by a halft-starved mo . the chinese proprietor rim to and for , gesticulate , in the doorway . Indonesians in singlet and short , tough and toil - wear , carry goods out om the the footpath . the proprietor try ro pull a sack of riceaway from a looter , who smashes he in the face with he open hand . the chinese fall to the pavement , mouth bleed . Children and adulr scavenge Zor the spill rice . angle on kwan , stand under a tree nearby , watch . ex >. carpark , HOTEL indonesta - dusk 133 eamilton arrive back at the Hotel . the usual collection of betjak driver , whore and beggar wateh with interest as Hotel employee hang a banner across the Hotel portico . t say in bahasa and English : " bulgarzan national day " armed soldier and Indonesian security man ( 3.p.1 . ) erect barricade and station sentries . int . wayang bar - niget wally , condon and curtis share a meal at a side table . they be make mere noise than usual , anc the other customer keep they distance . wally hold up a glass to toast curtis . wally to Mrs Peter curtis , on the occasion of he promotion to the fleshpot ct saigon ! to Peter ! all Peter ! mrense billy kwan entrance to the bar . wally billy ! we have all be wonder where you have be . join the ceiebrati 102 ' a 134 cont 'd , : 134 kwan ( intense ) no thanks . ' wally come on , pull up a chair . kwan sukarno 's just tell he people to eat rat . condon glance at ali , the barman . comdonn billy ! rally ( continue eat ) my dear billy , you tell we he be a great man . = khan at . and that make he ii the mere hideous . there be a hush . condon look tmeasily down the bar az ali . condon to billy ) steady on billy . wally I have never teally agree with you . nat he people mean much co sukarno , billy . the only thing he 's want to do for the lictle people be to go to ped wich they -- the female one thaz be . kwan low , furieus ) yes , he do use he pecple as object cs pleasure , then so do you . cri vaise he voice ) 103 134 cont 'd : 134 ro to uw there be a stumn silence . ali stand behind they , smile triumphansly at have hear this information . curtis grab kwan by the shoulder and slam he up against the baz , both foot suspend from the floor , like a doll . hamilton ( '' / 0 ) ° put he down ! hamilton stand near the entrance . curtis reluctantly release hin , appall silence . the other stare at wally . close in on wally be face . he be stare at kwan , round -eyecd . eis expression dissolves trom outrage to humiliarion and hurt . his eye fill with tdar . ali stare at wally , the faintest hint of a smile on he lip . kwan run from the bar and hamilton follow . ext . HOTEL - nicht 135 hamilton pursue kwan through the car park and out across the highway toward the pasar . ext . pasar baru - niget 1 we oo eamilton push he way through the crowd of the qld City 's central bazaar . a prositcte move towards he smile . prostitute want a woman , uncie ? ee ere she and press on . sucdeniv ?.0.0. we caceh a fleeting glimpse of the bewaiian shirt in the crow . bamilton increase he pace , push he way through the crowd . xwan see he and take not . the two =5 mean dodge and twist theirs way through the crowd . rwat v dart 0 away ivom the bazaar . .no a narrow alley lead 137 104 ext . alley - niget . 137 the alley be desert . I : be little more than a fissure , its only illumination come cully from shutter window two and three storey up . garbage be scattered everywhere . kwan be no rumner . his abbreviate leg work away to no avail like a kindergarten child 's , hamilton overtake he anc block he way . in the half - light they both cast huge grotesque shadow on the wall as they stand , face each other , try the tegain control of they breathe . kwan what do you want ? eamilton billy , I want to explain about the broadcast . kwan explain what ? you betra that will teke quire a bit bamilton I get that story conzirm from | another source billy . Kumar admit he be p.k.i . kwan you could get it econfismec from ten source and everyene would still know that you ficst lead come from Jill , and you know it ! hamilton billy , this arm shipment could alice the whole political shape c= souch East Asia , how far eat my loyalty to Jill suppose to go ? kwan sid have give up th 5 om , anc you win 195 e " 137 cont 'd : 137 eamilton it 's not just a story , billy . it 's the story . kwan you know what you have do hamilcon , and you be just go to have to live with it . she know you make the broadcast . she 's finish with you , I have make sure of that . eamilton ( grabbing he ) billy , what dic you tell she ? kwan I give she to you . I have take she back . hamilton drop he anc eries out in frustracion and tage . g eamilton you give hez to I ? for carist 's _ sake you mac iicthe bastard . you can 's control people just because you ' have get they in you bloody file ! kwan there be only two type of man , hamilzcon -- man of darkness end man of light . it know you be incomplete bus you be a man of light . thac 's why I choose you . . hamilton : choose I ? rwan ave what 1 all abous wyos Te t? get you you lead -- I give you vour steries and = give you the woman T kevec . not vou th it be all a accident ? 137 cont'd 137 138 139 140 he turn and husry off down the alley to the banaar , disappear imco the crowd . hamilton watch he go , but make no attempt to follow . ine . kwan' bungalow - niget 138 kwan take from a drawer a large fold white cloth . be he place in a overnight bag . take the bag and he camera , he move to the door . he hesitates and look back into he room . a sudden flurzy of wind flap the photograph and note pin to he wall . he softly close the door . ext , driveway / fover botel indonesta >_niget 439 a sign in several language have be place near the door to the hotel -- " bulgarian National dey , official reception 8:00 pm '' . s2icial car be arzive and leave constantly and the docrman escort dignizazy up the red - carpetec step . a formally dress crowd be gather in the fever . the military be everywhere in evidence , and heavily armec sentries be place stravegically about the arcade and in che foyer . hamilton and condon stand by the news stall in the foyer . both wear suic witha ted press badge fix to they lapel . two 3.7.1 . Men cindenesian security ) pass then , peer insolently into theirs face anc examine they press badge . the first b.p.1. aan wear a tan suit , the second a blue suic . stl lton see jill enter the foyer with colonel eenderson , they be soon mingling wish other military attaches and embassy type . = niget isd eamilton push he way towards jill in the icver . ; 's and see he come and go to wove away we he catch she by the be , lead she the a alcove . '' ) 142 int . alcove - night hamilton iomade the broadcast . mn I know . hamilton I get it confirn . traight from the p.k.t . you will not '' be implicate . jill I be not worried abour that anymore . we be owt temerrow . she go to ieave . ee take she arn . hamilton ' Jill , I be serry . tf dica't think it would mean the end cl we . jill do it really matter ? hamilton really matter . jill good luck , guy . yes , i wt she turn and walk away . hamilton stancs there desolate , know that Le 's useless to follow . he turn and leave the foyer . int . foyer - niget to another part of the foyer billy kwan be : be way through '' crowd towards . he wear @ have cw amc green eawa , red Press badge a chec ge the shirt he carry the ovesnight bag over he show idez . room 719 please . the clerk peassas nim a key 142 143 144 146 l0é int . elevator - niget 143 kwan riding up in the elevator . int . HOTEL corridor - nigh 144 the two b.p.i . Men move down the corridor . one carzy a big bimch of key . they pause at each room , knock , then iz no answer , open the door and look in before move on . we observe that they be on the sixth floor . int . room 719 - night 145 kwan umzip the overmight bag and remove the cloth bundle . he sit there , cloth in hand , think . ext . carpark - niget 146 hamilton scand in the shadow of the carpark , stare we into friendship Square . condcn be beside hin . the setiax boy , as usual , call and ring ctheir bell , hope Zor custom . hamilton stare at one betjar man in particular -- a old man in black ing a straw hat . he sit impassively watchin , 27 mn ent . roo 719 - niget 147 oresaty wan stand on 2 coffee table by the open window ee look down to the carpark . kwan' p.0.v. of the drive and carpark below . condon anc hamilton distamtiy see amongst the betiak and other . kwan unfold the cloth -- ic 's a banner with large black letter paint om ic . the banner be we at either end and have rope azrach ac the top . he proceed co lower the banner out the window , and attach the rope to the window frane . 149 150 - you hr l5la ext . carpark - niget there ave cry of surprise from soldier and other in the driveway and carpark . hamilton and condon turn and see a crowd gather . the people look and point . ext . HOTEL facade ~- HOTEL kwan be banner hang from the window . in bold , black letter it tead : '' 'surarno , feed you people " . ext . carpark - nigh close on the upturn , surprised face of hamilton and condon . condon laugh , shake he head in disbelie= . ext . arcade step - ne 4 Soldiers be run out from the hecel , sollowec by several other , Indonesians ane european . i int . corridor , 7th floor - neget g down the corridor , some try security men $ ay side . on the cr : ext . HOTEL facade - niged close on the banner , flap faintly in the breeze . ext . carpark - niget a cry from the ezowd look to spectator . lese on with qo 0 148 149 l5ia 154 155 156 ext . roadway - niget 154 angle on billy break body , sprawle on the asphalt near the step of the arcade . the body be lic by the headlight of a distant halt car . blood seep from under it . exit . ectel facade , 7ts floor - niget 155 we see blue suit pull in the banner . ic disappear and so do he . ext . driveway , eotel indonesia - niget 156 hamilton anc condon run to the body . no one else have move , except three soldier with stan-gunm at the ready , who have approach at a jog-trot . gun be levell at the ezowd to keep they back but eamilton and condon have already teachec the bo enc teiuse the erder shout at thes to move back . eamilton shout for someone to get a doctor as he kneel beside the break body . kwan miraculously be still alive and he seem to recognise hamilton . a faint hali-smile on nis lip , and then he 's deac . Soldiers point they gum at hamilton -- 2 loud click as one of this be cockac . hamilton ignore chem , as he half - cracle billy in he arm . a officer take he arm , try to jerk he to he feec . hamilton be immovable . [ it be then that he notice the bullet hole in the dack of kwan be neck , molton you murder he , you bastard . the blue -sutted 3.2.1. tian , see at the window , walk up to hamilton blue suit this nan hes j lunatic and tm presicenc . amp . he be a ho have kill the so nm look ep az hia , face transiorm with there be blood cn he sulc ane 156 158 be B cont 'd : 156 hamilton he do not jump . blue suit I should like to see you docwment . ~ hamilton get slowly to he foot . condon , of just whac he might do , move to hin , pl hand on he arm . eamilton shrug he off . uneertain cing 4 blue suit docwnaent ! they both hand over they press card . the soldier and the b.p.i. man now form a ting around they and the body . . ext . arcade - nigee 157 a erowd have gather on the main step include the 5 colonel and jill . ' they can ' : make we what 's happen . ext . driveway - night 158 se cece not the b.p.2. man pass the document back to the journalist . blue suit the man be chinese -- what do you know about nin ? bali lion he be a Australian . blue suit he be in possession of a pistol . hamilton then where 's the pistol ? we may require co discuss further detail -* you stay az the Hotel ? ( ea 158 cont 'd 7 .o 160 we uv we 112 158 condon nod . a soldier have remove kwan be wallet from he pocket and the b.p.i . man take ic from he . examine it . blue suit where do Mc billy kwan live ? eamglion answer quickly . hamilton I have no idea . a milicary jeep draw up and ewan be body , cover with @ blanket , be lifse into it by soldier . in che distance , the sound of siren . exz. sip solare - ne 159 sukarno 's motorcade wheel around the circus , siten in full cry . jeeps full of heavily - armed pelise and motorcycle out - rider escort a large black cadillac in which we glimpse sukarno . ext . driveway - niget 166 police and soldier begin to aggressively cisperse the crowd . people ren in all dizecczion . there be a feel of chaos and hysteria . hamilton see jtl and shour at she . she do not see he and the noise be so loud that she can not possibly hear . the police vink arm and force the crowd into opposite direction . hamilton , cesperate tc 2 to jill , burst through the corion , but only ge a Zew yard before he too be sweep back . ent . billy xwan' bungalow - niget 16l 162 113 int . MAIN room , kwan' bungalow - nigee 162 jill sit on the floor surround by dozen of kwan be file and photograph . Shots of member of the wayang Club in happier say , sukarno , ibu and she child , and many shot of herself with hamilton . a open bibie lie om the table next will a pile of film can . there be a noise outside . jill reach for the lamp , switch it efi . she watch as the door be slowly open and hamilton stand silhouett a moment before call soltly . jill guy ? familton stand and they stare at each other in silence . . hamilton you should not be here . the goons be probably on they way . jill t dicn 'c want they to get he file . ro : S they would claim he be a agen . ramilton ( move directly to bookcase ) I will burn thea . jtll they say he jumpec . hamelton look behind the book . the revolver 2s still there . he look at it . ramilton he be murder . sill and hamilton move towards each other and embrace . hamilton they shot he down like @ deg -- for what ? for t g a sheet over the balcony ? for carist 's sake ? sukarno let he down . 114 e 162 cont'd 162 eamilton so do I . jill look at the wayang puppet . hamilton follow jill be gaze and see the prince anc princess , since by side . he suddenly pull a wad of money from he pocket . hamilton Jill , I do not care whether you have to beg or bribe , but get I on that flight we tomorrow -- I and come with you . ' stl . you be sure ? hamilton nod . STi zt ( neds ) I will get yeu on even if I have to kill someone . to stay here now would be insane . hamilton I be not worried abeuz save my skin . I can hice out in the australien embassy and it will be a great story and all that , but I juss doe not care about all chat shit any more . hamilton look at jill hamilton I swear to you I will de om that plane in the morning -- i : I be not -' forgez I ever existec . {1 up outside , and there 's the Zoot . taey ecbrace . ca’ scundé of slamm Jesus , here they be . Quick . ye indicate a side entrance . ill move towards as he frantically scoops up the file . 115 162 cont'd 162 16 1é ron n st 3 Le ue 6 eamilton gel she leave . hamilton , scoop up the file , move back to the window and peer out . p.o.v. through window to garden - niget 163 several man stand we in the garden , talk , look about with a flashlighc . int . _ kwan' bungalow ~ night . 164 eamtlton , wich a last look around the room , he eye nomertari ly catch by the wayang puppet on the wall , hurry through the since door . ext . S 165 a old man sit by a look up as a car pull up beside hin and mn get cut cazry a duncle o- file . he dumss the file en the fire , warch the flame teke hold . the old man stare at then be the = several photograph ceri . " phen purse inc 's . ext . carpark / arcade , HOTEL indone 166 hamilton move from he car to the arcade . he pause , look about he . none of the usual waten ts , at least not in the carpark . as he move closer to the arcade , he see number of beggar and ber ak driver in the driveway , and walk or sizcing the arcade . the hotel " doorman be nowhere to be tne beggav stare at as he make he wey to doer oo : the hotel . some openly mock he now and there be the imply threat of violence . int , eantlton' rocyl HOTEL indoneza - not 167 bamilicn dev . the , stare cur the - carkness . q 1674 169 & @ 1llé int . eo 's foyer - morning 167a hamilton pass through the hotel foyer carry two large suitcase . ( scene 168 delete ) int . a.b.s. office - day 169 hamilton clear out file in he office , obviously make preparation for departure . rortono listen to a | impassion speech on the radio . eamilton hortono -- where 's kismat ? eortono re will not come in I chink . ramelton i't leave today . where che hell be he ? horton ( indicating rtadis ) some people have take over goverment . troops have go to the presiden 's Palace . eamelton hesicates . he stop clear file . he make a decision and race to get he tape recordez . hamilton ( Te hortono ) let 's go . horton boss , broadcast sav we should noc go out ! ilton be elready om he wave . hortono reluctantly low . @: 170 ext . exa field and road near palace - day 170 in frene of the Palace can be see armoure car and several truckload ef troops . hamilton be car approach ~- the only civilian vehicle to be see . hortono stop the car several hundred yard irom the Palace . ic be all very quiet . hamilton get out tf the car , he tape recorder slimg over he shoulder . he begin to walk slowly coward che roadblock . in front of the Palace , the soldier watch he approach . he reach the first roadblock . a soldier cock he rifle . call for he to halr . eamilton stile pleasantly . hamilton what 's the roadblock for ? blank , hostile face stare at he in silence . ee repeat the question in Indonesian . no one answer . aa sergeant step Zerward ; strongly - build , tough , he wear a beret and sunglasse . ke shour some comand to hamilton in a dialec lion do not understand . hamilton uncertain . hamilton I do not underscanc you . I be go to the Palace . I have a press pass . okay ? he hold up a press card . the sergeant stare at hin . bamilton salute they vaguely , and walk off the road inte the grass , to circummevigate the barb wire . the sergeant be rumning be he . he first . hamilton turn , hearin sergeant push the ti the foot behind he , as the e at he head , full force , use it like a javelin . face with a he knee , gown between he @ 170 cont 'd 171 72 '' bad 118 170 ° the sezgeant take he arm and half drag he back to the roadblock . hamilion 's hand now cover the leave side of he face . the soldier shout to hortomo who approach cautiously . the soldier apparently tell he to take hamilton away . int . a.b.s. car - day 17 . hortono help hamilton into the car . hamilton be only half - conseious . hortono drive of :. . hamilton british embassy .... get doctor . _ rortono . can 's bess . roadblock . hamilton lapse inco unconsciousness . int . kwan' bungalow - day 172 be be actence to by a indonesi doctor . a hover in the backgrownd . hamilton be just recover consciousness . hamilton my eye ? toca not doctor you retina be detach . kamilton be the sight go to come back ? docctor ioea not tell . Zz you lie still on vour back , there be some chance . filton for hew long ? @ 119 172 cont'd 172 doctor a week . ten day . eamilton thac 's impossible . what 's the time ? doctor Quarter to one . if you wish to save you eye you will lie still . I must go now . the doctor go . the amah sit beside the bed , feed hamilton a rice ¢ish with a spoon . she be matronly , slim , plain , but appeal . ke 12 . the bandage from he eye and peep at she . amar you eye -- will get better ? eamilton maybe not . amah ( shrug ) still get one . open mouth please . meal finish , she stand and move to docz . hamilton where be you go ? amae lnot like to stay in heuse . bad man sight come soon , 1 think . = go home to family . ramilton h , before you go . ad the book -- yeat e+ bring I the gun . she do , then go , shutting the door . @) 172 cont'd 172 close in on hamilton be face , upturn to fan , lip tight . he sweat . . silence : tick , sound of insect . sound of a car out on the road , screech of brake . bamtlton tense . sound of Indonesian voice far off . then the sound of footstep come up the stair outside , and along the passage . voice ourside whisper ; one voice female ( amar ) , the other male ( unknown ) . eamilton wait . bamtlton , he bandage eye turn to the door . kis hand reach for the gun . close in on eamilton in this posirion , freeze , listen . we hear the door open , and creak shoe across the floor toward hamilton . . eamilton who be that ? docter ? the shoe cresk to a halt beside the bed . kumar stand beside the bed . he give a small secretive smile . kular it 's I boss . hamilton how do you find I ? kumar hamilton have you be send to kill I ? kumar @ 172 cont 122 'd 172 re lower himself into a chair , watch hamilton attentively . komar . I have come to say goodbye . ( pause ) we have fail . hamilton be aler , listen to every word . kumar it will take day for thing to be clear but in my heart I kmow we have fail . hamilton lie silen . kumar stare at he bandage eye . eamilton wnat do this mean for you ? kumar it mean I be a dead man . we pecple . execute a number of important azar genetais -- when this be ciscoverec the meslem will call for revenge . hamilton executed ? or surder ? kumar ( angry ) Way should we not kill ose whe arte corrup anc use we country 's tiches . Way should you care ? you can leave and write you storey anywhere 122 '' ) 172 cont 'd — 172 hamilton be silent . kumar stare at he bandage eye and the cpen angez in he face give way to silent shame . kumar I be sorry abour you eye . be there much hope it will be save ? hamilton not much . ( pause ) there should be a packe= of cigarettes on the table Kumar . Light two of they will you and give one to I . kumar place cigarette between eamtlion be lip ) still the good cigarettes bess . @ eamilton wi 0 a of 4 fsom the moon , Kumar . fhe komar Water =rom the moon , boss . kumar savour the tobacco . it be as if he be smoking the traditional last cigareste , prict to execution : kumar tell I somech , boss . amie stupid man ? wamot an eamiltion ne , Kumar , yeu be bloody smarz . t'a lucky I hac vou work for I . 123 172 cont'd 172 kumar then why should I live like a poor man all my lite when stupid people in you coumetry live well ? hamilton good question . kumar then please answer ir . hamilton I can not . kumar speak to the bendase eye as though freed by eamilton be blindness to say anything . kumar then why do you condemn that in . my country whe try to do something about it ? hamilton ramain silen . Mr billy kwan be right . westerner do net have answer any more . hamilton scub out he cigarerte , - kumar hold che ash lamilton wnat 's the time ? kumar a lictle alter one . @) 172 cont 'd 177 172 hamilton . Z do not like you comrade method Kumar , but I would like to help you . drive I to the airport and take the car on into the hill . kumar they have readblocked the city . hamilton we have get through roadblock before . hortono say you must test you eye . eamiltow I have get a plane to catch . kumar : why do you leave now ? you can stay ang write all the storey you want ? hamilton do you want to sit atound waitin to die ? kumar hesitates . the roacblock be pretty femmidable . but imtinenc death be not too attractive either . ke nod . smilton taise himsel Z from the bed . kimmar help he . kumar I hope to carch a plam be worth lese you eye . ( scene 173 , 174 , 175 and 175 delerec ) ent . eigekay - day 177 the highway look such the same as usual , excert = the gm om fence nave change . bamelton be car move through heavy tra 'o @ 125 178 int . car - day 178 kumar be drive , hamilton beside he , look somewhat dishevel in a crumpled suir . he wear a bandage over he leave eye . hamilton _ Jesus , Kumar , can not we get around this tess ? the flight leave at two . kumar we will get there , boss . " do " worry . 179 ext . car - day 179 it swerve out of the traffic jam , speed up . 160 int . car - day . 180 kumar roadblock . eamilton Christ ! angle through windsereen : oil drum on the road ahead , two soldier guarce . clos= in on kumar , scare through the windscreen . his expression be scoical , as usual , burt ha be plainly territy . 252 exd . roadblock - day 12h tne car pull over as scldier move out on the the toad , wave be down . a soldier peer through the side window at kumar . soldier paper please . kumar no papers . at home . 126 of 181 cont'd 18h @ he sit rigid , he face oily with sweat , await he : face . hamilton jump out of the car , go arome to the soldier , he wave he passport and press card . ramilton I be a journalist with abs . this man be my assistant . we eat in a big huzry to get to the aizport . we must go quickly , understand , oz there will be trouble . the soldier be a slow , uncertain man . he take hamilton be papers . a second soldier watch suspiciously . hamilton push a huge wad of tupiah into the soldier 's hand . the soldier smile , retumn ' be papers and salute . hamilton run around the : ear , get in and the caz pull away . 182 int . car - day 182 hamilton light two cigarettes , the match tremble . be put one in kumar be mouth , then push the pack into . kumar be shict pocker . } hamilton I be definitely give they up . kumar ( smiling ) westerner give up they vice anc we take they over . be not it so ? hamilton look again at he watch . hamilton Jesus , it 's ten to two !! I will never get clear through it time . kumar ic 's still possible . 283 ent . tarmac of kemayoran atrport Day 183 a zim 707 sit on the tarmac , the gangvay be down & , and a small group of passenger be sove up the step 184 185 the will '' i ext . terminal build , kemayoran - day 184 the Ford skid to a halt by the encrance . hamilton and kumar jump out . both man pause and face each other . kumar if I could come with you , and be what you be , I would give a eye . think of I , guy , when you eat sit in some nice care in Europe , drink cof Zee . now go ! quickly ! hamilton push through the door with he suitcase and tape recorder . : ext . gangway , aircraft - day 185 ' Soldiers stand at the foot of the empty step . a dutch hostess be at the top cf the stair , frame in the doorway . the plane be ready to leave and the engine howl as the Captain warm they up . porter appeaz and begin to wheel the step away . int . passport control - day 186 hamilton stand in front of a official who carefully examine he passport . aircraft - day 187 the hostess swing the airera=c door shut . int . lounge apea / custom - dat 188 hamilton be mm geparvure gate . ing through the lounge to the amilton emerge irom the gate . alk out cowarc the 2 there 's 128 189 cont ’d 189 close on the aircraft door as it open . we see a hostess signal g to the porter amd they wheel the step back into position . the pilot and co- pilot can be see peer down from the cabin window . a long tracking shot take hamtlton to the step of the aizcrait . the hostess be urging he to hurry but hamilton be take he time . ' the door swing shut behind he and the step be clear away as the aireraft begin to move . ( end credit roll - up )