twins by William osborne &amp ; William Davies revision by timothy Harris &amp ; hershel weingrod and William Goldman re v. 04 / 1 5 / 88 ( B lu e) re v. 04 /2 2 / 88 ( p in k) re v. 04 /2 7 / 88 ( y el lo w) re v. 04 /2 8 / 88 ( G be en ) re v. 05 /0 2 / 88 ( G ol de nrod ) re v. 05 /0 9 / 88 ( B uf f) re v. 05 /2 5 / 88 ( C he rr y ) re v. 06 /1 6 / 88 ( T a ) re v. 06 /2 2 / 88 ( S al mo n) consolidated FOURTH draft re v. 07 /0 5 / 88 ( W hi the ) re v. 07 /0 5 / 88 pm ( mi not grn ) re v. 07 / 2 5 / 88 ( G ol de nrod ) April 27 , 1988 Rev. 4/28/88 twins fade in : 1 long basement corridor 1 the camera be moving slowly down a long basement corridor . we hear a narrator ( Werner ) -- werner ( v.o . ) on he 35th birthday , I decide to tell julius benedict the truth about himself ... 2 close - laboratory hall - door - day ( period ) 2 hold on sign : " top secret - authorize personnel only . " werner ( v.o . ) it be not that he be the product of a scientific experiment . 3 int . laboratory - day ( period - 1952 ) 3 a white coat scientist ( professor werner ) be study a bizarre piece of equipment that look suspiciously like a milkshake blender . with he be another scientist -- ( this be traven -- already imperious , already a prick ) . werner ( v.o . ) a experiment design to produce a physically , mentally and spiritually superior human be . I explain that to he when he be two year old . 4 int . medical exam room - half a dozen men - day ( period ) 4 most of they young , 20 and 30 . they be be give a medical examination by a group of doctor , include Werner . werner ( v.o. ) and it be not the complexity of julius 's parentage . he know that unlike other little boy , he do not have just one , but half a dozen father , all very distinguished man . * twins - Rev. 4/22/88 2. 5 int . hospital room - close on gorgeous woman - day 5 ( period ) not you Hollywood type . this be obviously a lady of character and talent . her name we will come to learn be mary ann benedict . she be on a hospital bed and be readied for surgery . werner ( v.o. ) nor be it about the extraordinary woman choose to be he mother ... * 6 int . hospital hallway outside delivery room - ( period ) 6 traven emerge , sadly shaking he head . Werner try to enter the room -- traven will not permit it . werner ( v.o. ) julius have long live with the tragic news that she die give birth to he . 7 omitted 7 * &amp ; &amp ; 8 8 * 9 int . hospital hallway - delivery room - day ( period ) 9 as a nurse , parting the security guard , emerge and hold up a plump , serene , smile baby boy . ( continued ) twins - 4/14/88 3 . 9 continued : 9 werner ( v.o. ) what julius do not know , until this very moment , be that , about a minute after he be bear ... another nurse emerge from the delivery room , hold up a second infant -- this one be scream with rage . werner ( v.o. ) his mother give birth to another baby ... 10 int . nursery - day ( period ) 10 the serene baby . any mother 's joy . the angry baby . fuming . pull back to reveal : the two of they be in the same crib . the leg of the angry baby . it suddenly lash out , connect with the rump of the serene baby : the serene baby . start to cry . the angry baby . all smile now . hold on the two baby in they crib as the follow word fill the screen : arnold schwarzenegger danny do vito twins CUT to : 11 int . greenhouse - closeup - julius ( 35 ) - day 11 he look up and stare dead at the camera -- julius ( stunne ) I have a brother ?!!! CUT to : 12 int . greenhouse - day 12 a greenhouse on the island . ( continued ) twins - Rev. 5/9/88 4 . * 12 continued : 12 Werner , now 70 , be bent and old . julius , in peasant garb be a marvelous - look human be . werner ( speak with a austrian accent ) he be send to a orphanage in Los Angeles . at the same time I bring you here to the island . julius be not listen . his eye shine . julius ( amaze ) I have a twin brother ?!! ( for a moment , chew on he right thumbnail ) what 's he name ? werner Vincent . julius ( move ) Vincent -- every time I love something I call it Vincent -- I call my first computer Vincent ! ( suddenly spin ; start off ) I have to find he ! a13 omitted a13 b13 ext . island - cliff - day b13 julius stride along a windswept path , follow by Werner . the ocean spread out below they be vast and empty . this island be far from anywhere . werner ( fretting terribly ) you have be here since you be a baby -- you know nothing of America -- julius I know it be the cradle of democracy and the land of the free ; besides , I speak twelve language -- I be sure I can get a job . ( continued ) twins - Rev. 5/9/88 5 . * b13 continued : b13 werner they be a simple people ; rather primitive , not like we . julius my brother will look after I . c13 omitted c13 13 int . julius be hut - day 13 it 's a blend of modern technology and the tropical environment -- floor - to-ceil book -case , computer , a hammock shroud in a mosquito net . julius be hurriedly pack a small leather suitcase , watch by Werner . Werner hand over a photograph : it 's a picture of a young Werner , traven , and the six father . julius it 's you only copy -- werner -- my need for it be only sentimental -- yours may be practical -- julius slip the photo into he suitcase . julius thank you -- I will miss you . werner ( hold back the tear ) I will miss you . they hug as we -- CUT to : a14 ext . tropical island a14 the water 's edge . julius , Werner , a older lady , two scientist and a oriental man be all say goodbye . julius put he suitcase into a small rowboat . ( continued ) twins - Rev. 5/9/88 6 . a14 continued : ( A1 ) a14 * old woman * ( as julius hug she ) * it 's sixty mile to the airport , * julius ; be careful . * julius then bow to the Oriental , who bow back . julius ( in japanese ; subtitle ) it be a honor to study under you , master . without warning , the Oriental try to strike julius in the face with the side of he hand , but julius block the blow . oriental ( in English ) ahhh , always on guard . you have learn well , julius -san . julius give a last hug to Werner . julius ( to Werner ) I be just think , maybe my brother Vincent be marry . ( continued ) twins - Rev. 5/25/88 a6a . * a14 continued : a14 werner and ...? julius well , if a woman love my brother enough to marry he , she might have a sister who would feel the same way about I . that often happen with twin , you know . werner julius -- please -- do not get you hope up . you brother do not even know you exist . julius get in the boat and cast off . the boat take off like a streak . julius , in perfect rhythm , increase the pace . the boat be almost fly across the water . julius ( loudly as he disappear in the horizon ) of course he do . I have always know there be something miss in my life ! and deep down , I be sure Vincent feel the same way ! he 's probably just like meeeee ! dissolve to : 14 int . bedroom ( l.a . ) - day 14 vince benedict lie in bed , look extremely pleased with himself . a sexy young woman be nestle asleep against he . the digital bedside alarm purr and start to play music -- something romantic that Vince hum along to . vince you sleep well , honey ? carla ( sexy young woman ) mmmm ... like a baby . vince I , too . I love this new mattress . it 's soft but it 's hard at the same time . and I love this new clock . carla snuggle against Vince as he survey the bedroom like a house - proud new owner . ( continued ) twins - Rev. 5/25/88 b6a . * 14 continued : ( A1 ) 14 vince you have do a great job on this room , carla . carla you really think so ? even the curtain ? vince the curtain be the key to the whole thing . they be colorful ... they be brilliant ... they be ... great curtain . carla ( melting ) you be great last night , Vince . vince ( not disagreeing ) naaaw ... ( put he arm around she ) I think we be go to be very happy here . suddenly we hear a door downstairs as it open , and a man 's voice drift up the stair : ( continued ) twins - Rev. 4/15/88 6a . 14 continued : 14 man ( o.s. ) honey ! I be home ! vince ( a bit surprised but not panicked ) what 's he do back so early ? Vince jump out of bed , start pull on he clothes while carla slip into a bathrobe . man ( o.s. ) carla ? you gonna cook I some breakfast or what ? carla be right down , sweetheart ! Vince check he appearance in a dresser mirror , straighten he armani suit , brushes he hair , pull it into a fashionable ponytail . he cut a stylish figure . notice a expensive gold lighter on the dresser top , he covertly pocket it . carla push he towards the open french door . carla hurry up ! I gotta make breakfast ! vince you be wonderful , carla . you husband do not deserve to kiss you foot . twins - 4/14/88 7 . 15 ext . balcony - day 15 Vince step out and jauntily climb over the rail . it 's very clear he like the danger , be on the edge . in another life , he be probably errol Flynn . now , he give carla a errol Flynn smile -- -- and with that , he leap into space ! CUT to : 16 ext . al' house - awning below - day 16 * as Vince gracefully land , bounce off it onto the ground . he bend , pick up a flower , put it in the outside pocket of he armani suit , head toward a new mustang * park not far away . CUT to : 17 ext . al' house - mustang - day 17 * as Vince get in , start to sing . vince ( he 's get a good voice ) ' oh what a beautiful morning , oh what a beautiful day '... now he do something surprising -- not start to drive , we expect that . what we do not expect be he destination -- because what he do be simply turn the nearest corner and drive right back to the house he just snuck out of . vince ( exite the car , still sing ) ... ' everything 's go my way ' ... CUT to : 18 int . al' house - day 18 * where carla , in she robe , be work away start to make breakfast . Vince enter , give she the sweetest smile . vince carla , what a joy to look at you . ( more ) ( continued ) twins - Rev. 5/9/88 8 . * 18 continued : 18 vince ( cont 'd ) ( as she give he a look ) be my partner and best friend , Al home from work yet ? I be the bringer of good tiding . the kitchen door open and al GRECO enter . he be sing - ing " happy birthday " and carry a wrap gift hold out in front of he . he 's dress in overall with a insignia on he breast pocket that read " airport parking . " vince stop with that horrible song , you know how I hate birthdays ; they be worse than Christmas . Al present he with the gift . vince ( coy ) for I ? al carla and I figure , since you be always admire mine , what the hell ... ( continued ) twins - Rev. 4/27/88 9. 18 continued : ( 2 ) 18 Vince struggle to contain he delight at this irony . vince a lighter , just like yours . I do not know what to say , Al . I be all choke up . the phone ring and carla pick it up . carla ( into phone ) hello -- the greco residence ... sure . who may I say be call ... Mr. burt klane ? Vince , it 's for you -- Vince confidently pick up the receiver . vince ( into phone ) good morning , Mr. klane . I hope you be have a wonderful -- ( cut off ) yes -- no problem -- I have it . yes. today . of course . ' bye . Vince hang up . al what be you do talk to a loanshark ? vince ( excited ) that 's part of my good news -- you know that money I pick up from the jaguar we boost . well , * I put the money in the stock * market . I get this incredible * tip . * * carla oh no . * vince I can not lose . ever hear of p.v.t . * industry ? probably not -- * secret takeover bid -- ( continued ) twins - Rev. 4/27/88 10 . 18 continued : ( 3 ) 18 al you put the money on a stock ? * vince a very special stock -- and it be such a sure thing -- I borrow another 20 grand from the klane * Brothers . carla ( unbely ) you borrow from a loan shark to invest in the stock market ? vince on margin -- and as of last night I be ten thousand ahead . I be * go to make a fortune -- turn on the t.v. CUT to : 19 omitted 19 20 int . newsroom - close - tv - day 20 cable news -- stock report . newscaster ( v.o. ) ... that Wall Street 's suffer its worst single - day 's loss since October ' 87 . hardest hit * be federate Broadcasting , down $ 18 , waverton data , down $ 24 and p.v.t. industry , down $ 32 . analyst speculate that even blue chip stock will not remain immune to ... 21 int . al' house - day 21 closeup on the extremely worried face of Vince as he take in the bad news . al you be have one shitty birthday , Vince . ( continued ) twins - Rev. 4/27/88 11 . 21 continued : 21 vince I be wipe out . I get to get some money -- fast . * al well ... ' 88 b.m.w. come in for long term last night ... carla do not you think you be do this too often ? vince I be a desperate man . * al level three . stall 25 . CUT to : 22 omitted 22 through through 27 27 a28 ext . airport parking structure - establishing - day a28 CUT to : b28 int . airport parking structure - day b28 closeup on a large paint number 25 then pan down to reveal a new BMW . Vincent approach the BMW and pretend to be search for he key while he wait for another car to pull out and drive away . the second it 's go , Vince deftly open the BMW door with a " slim - Jim . " he get behind the wheel , hot wire the ignition and drive away . Vince be a pro . c28 int . body shop - day c28 the green BMW be already be repaint by some Men wear goggle and use spray gun . Vince come out of a office , count a wad of bill , follow by the owner of the chop shop . ( continued ) twins - Rev. 4/15/88 12/13 . c28 continued : c28 vince this be only four thousand -- owner we be in a recession -- everything 's tough -- you want to try someone else -- no hard feeling . vince ( sourly ) forget it . owner you okay , Vince ? you seem a little worried . vince I ? I laugh myself to sleep every night , and I never sleep alone . I be do great ! the owner smile and turn . Vince continue count the money , nervous as hell . now -- CUT to : twins - Rev. 4/22/88 14 . 28 ext . airplane - day 28 Flying through clear , blue sky . 29 int . airplane - on stewardess 29 come down the aisle , check the passenger , as we hear : julius ( v.o. ) ( sing ) ' put on you red dress , baby ' Cause we be go out tonight ... ' a few passenger turn and look back at -- julius seat in the rear , still in he peasant garb , the bamboo suitcase rest on he lap . he have he headphone on and be sing along to the music , he eye close and he head bob . julius ( sing ) ' I better wear some box glove , in case some fool might want to fight . ' the stewardess remove he headphone and consider julius with amusement . stewardess I know you be trouble the second I laid eye on you . julius stare up at she , speechless and mesmerize . julius ( realize ) sorry -- I have never hear this music before -- I love it . * she sigh , lean over he , fasten he seat belt , while julius gaze down at she ample cleavage . stewardess the captain want we to buckle we seat belt because we be expect a little turbulence . julius ( read she name tag ) thank you , Betty Lou . ( continued ) twins - Rev. 4/27/88 15 . * 29 continued : 29 stewardess I bet you be a football player . julius actually , I be a horticultural botanist , a mathematician , and a philosopher . stewardess right . and I be a brain surgeon . as the stewardess head back up the aisle , a man jump up , grab she around the neck with one arm and brandish a gun in he other hand . hijacker ( man ) ( to passenger ) nobody move , or else we be gonna have a serious draft in here . ( turn to another stewardess ) get the captain . I want to discuss we final destination . he continue maneuver the stewardess up the aisle . his back be totally to julius now . julius turn to the terrify elderly woman beside he who 's clutching a hardcover Bible in she lap . julius ( whisper ) Excuse I , mar 'am . as he take the book from she , quickly draw back he arm -- CUT to : highjacker the gun at the panicked stewardess 's head , he continue slowly up the aisle , shouting for everyone to freeze , not even to think about move -- -- now a hardcover book come rocketing through the air , hit he in the back of the neck and he go limp , fall - ing across some seat , the gun drop from he hand . CUT to : twins - Rev. 4/27/88 16 . * 29 continued : ( 2 ) 29 bunch of passengers grab he , all of they brave and heroic -- a lot of commotion -- shout of " I have get he , " " do not move , " etc . CUT to : hand retrieve the hardcover Bible from the floor and -- CUT to : old woman as julius smile reassuringly , return she Bible to she , sit back in he seat . julius ( gently ; calming she ) his mischief shall return upon he own hand , and he violent deal shall come down upon he own head -- psalm 7:16 . in front now , there be a lot of activity as various pass - enger hold the highjacker , almost argue over who 's in control . julius look at they a moment , put on he headset , close he eye and be soon bop away to the music . CUT to : 30 ext . lax - from sky 30 as the plane circle to land . CUT to : 31 omitted 31 32 ext . lax terminal - late afternoon 32 julius exit the terminal surround by oriental . he make he way to a airport shuttle bus . 33 ext . hollywood STREET - bar - day 33 twins - Rev. 5/2/88 17 . 34 int . bar - day 34 as Vince sidle into a booth , watch by a bartender who clearly dislike he . bartender it 's he . he 's back . a pretty young cocktail waitress call marnie turn and stare dagger at Vince . marnie be a fireball of a girl , all brass and sass on the outside and sweet as cotton candy on the inside , sort of a Jean harlow valley girl . she approach Vince , who greet she with effusive warmth . vince marnie ! how be you ? be you * sister around ? * marnie pointedly scoops up the tip leave by the previous occupant of the booth . * marnie start to wipe down the table , spilling crumb into he lap . marnie you total Linda 's car . you pawn * she stereo . you declare we as * dependent on you tax return !? vince what a amazing memory -- female ( o.s. ) Vince ! I know you would come back ! marnie 's sister , linda , also a cocktail waitress , slip into the booth and give Vince a big kiss . Linda , although just as attractive as she young sister , have a completely different personality : she 's trust , dependent , and legally blind when it come to Vincent . vince ( to Linda ) I be so sorry for all the miserable thing I have do to you . linda like what ? marnie Linda ! ( continued ) twins - Rev. 5/2/88 18. 34 continued : 34 linda ( to marnie ) I be not go to give he any money . just take care of my station for a minute . marnie exchange a exasperate glance with the bartender and walk away . Linda distance herself a little from Vince in the booth , not meeting he eye . vince ( emotionally ) I do not come here for a loan , sweetheart . I come to say goodbye . ( beat ) * it 's not safe for I here . people be try to kill I . Vince start to rise but Linda pull he back down . linda what do you do , Vince ? vince I get involved in the stock market . linda ( get nervous ) I promise marnie I would not give you money . Vince take Linda 's hand between he and stare into she eye . linda do not look at I like that ... do not do that with you eye ... I should not even be here with you . vince ( softly ) you be here and so be I , maybe million of people go by , but they all disappear from view , and I only have eye for you ... Linda . I only have eye for you . linda ( move ) that be so beautiful . how do you make up that stuff ? you be such a poet . ( continued ) twins - Rev. 5/2/88 19 . 34 continued : ( 2 ) 34 vince you inspire I . * CUT to : * 35 omitted 35 36 int . bar - day 36 a man enter . he start look around , check the booth . he look like a professional enforcer , which in fact , he be . he be also the smallest of the klane brother : burt klane . Vince duck down under the table . vince ( whisper ) it 's the baby klane -- I gotta get the hell out . burt klane stroll to the middle of the room , then suddenly turn and face Linda . burt klane where 's the little shit ? linda ( very nervous ) you gotta be more specific , consider we clientele . burt klane benedict . linda ( laugh ) he would not show he face around here . right , marnie ? * she look down at -- * vince he silently start to crawl away in the direction of the back door . marnie ( enjoy call he name ) who , Vincent ? * ( more ) ( continued ) twins - Rev. 5/2/88 20 . 36 continued : 36 marnie ( cont 'd ) -- that weasel , that creep -- that oily little slug -- that two - bit , two -time , waste of space -- that pathetic , low - life pocket Romeo . burt klane ( cut she off ) okay -- enough . CUT to : a37 ext . bar - back door - day a37 the back door open and Vince crawl out on hand and knee . his journey abruptly end as he now face klane # 2 -- bob -- considerably larger than he brother inside . b37 int . bar - day b37 Vince be throw in , forcefully , into a table . he crash onto the floor . bob klane look what I find crawl around out back . CUT to : c37 int . bar - day ( later ) c37 a booth at the back of the restaurant : Vince be seat with the two klane brother . he hand over the money he pick up from the BMW -- $ 4000 . the smaller klane count it quickly . burt klane this be only four thousand -- vince the rest be invest . we be gonna make a fortune . Bob suddenly punch Vince in the side knock the breath out of he . bob klane ( ominous ) shut up . ( continued ) twins - Rev. 5/2/88 21/22. c37 continued : c37 Linda come over -- very nervous , she look around , then hand over a envelope . linda I hope this help -- please do not hurt he . burt klane there you go -- ( he count Linda 's money ) -- another thousand -- okay -- this nice lady just buy you a day Vince -- I want it all -- twenty - thousand -- this time tomorrow . * vince twenty -- ? but I just pay -- just as he open he mouth , Vince be elbow again . burt klane that 's just the interest . the * twenty 's the principal . * 37 int . bar - near door - day ( little later ) 37 Linda be walk Vince out . vince that be the most wonderful birthday present anybody ever give I -- linda it 's you birthday ? why do not you tell I ? vince ( suddenly honest ) I can not take the kindness . it give I the shake . linda you will tremble plenty before we be through , Vince benedict . they kiss . CUT to : twins - Rev. 4/27/88 23 . a38 ext . grauman' chinese theatre - magic hour a38 Vince brushes himself off , hesitates a moment , pull on he leave ear with he right hand . immediately behind he , face the opposite direction , be another man , also pull on he leave ear with he right hand . it be julius -- -- they back be to each other . without ever catch sight of one another , they move off , go they separate way . now , from this -- CUT to : 38 ext . downtown hollywood STREET - night 38 downtown Hollywood in all it 's sleeze . there 's a wax museum and a scientology center and every fast food place imaginable and people shouting as they sell thing , " flower " and street food and there 's a porno house * show tight and tender and there 's young people dress like punk and old people booz out and pimp and druggy and guy slump unconscious in the gutter and crowd of tourist walk this way , that way , and there 's noise and litter and one more thing -- -- there 's julius , case in hand , stare around , take it all in . we be a long way from he island now . he study all the humanity swirl around he -- CUT to : closeup on julius and you can see it on he face : he love it . julius ( almost a whisper ) ... how wonderful ... 39 omitted 39 through through 43 43 44 ext . hollywood - night 44 julius , eat a hot dog , be walk along a street in hollwyood . in he island peasant garb , he do not look all that unusual consider he surroundings . ( continued ) twins - Rev. 5/2/88 24 . 44 continued : 44 but julius be pretty noticable no matter where he go . CUT to : two helmetless motorcyclist watch julius . more specifically , they be watch the expensive - look leather - edge suitcase he carry in he hand . they look at the case a moment more , then biker # 2 get he machine purring softly . a45 ext . window of frederick's of hollwyood - window - night a45 you never see such lingerie . pull back to reveal : julius , stare at it , shaking he head . julius ( to himself ) what a amazing country . CUT to : biker # 1 roaring up beside julius , smile ingratiatingly . biker # 1 get a light , pal ? julius sorry , but I do not smoke ... pal ? julius think he 's find a friend . biker # 1 ( indicate " frederick " ) look for something for you girl friend ? julius I ... do not have a girl friend . do woman really wear this thing ? biker # 1 if you be lucky . ( a beat ) you from out of town ? * ( continued ) twins - Rev. 5/2/88 25 . a45 continued : a45 julius yes , a small island in the South * Pacific , about 300 nautical mile south - southwest of fiji ... biker # 2 , bound along , and when he reach julius he grab the handle of the leather case that julius hold , he plan quite obvious -- to steal the case and disappear into the crowded street . not a original plan , certainly , but one that over and over again , always work -- CUT to : case handle julius 's hand hold fast to it . then -- CUT to : biker # 2 as he mouth drop open as we -- CUT to : julius just sort of stand there , no big deal , not much effort show on he face as biker # 2 begin to slowly rise into the air as he and he cycle be about to be parte and then -- CUT to : cyclist # 2 still hold to the case as he cycle zoom away from he and for a moment he be flat in mid-air , parallel to the cement sidewalk and -- CUT to : riderless motorcycle roaring into the crowd and people shriek , dive out of its way and -- ( continued ) twins - 4/14/88 26 . a45 continued : ( 2 ) a45 cyclist # 2 fall to the pavement , he head collide hard and he 's out and -- CUT to : riderless cycle end its trip as it collide with a storefront and collapse on its side , motor still roaring but no movement anymore and -- CUT to : cyclist # 1 stunne , go to he unconscious partner . biker # 1 ( to julius ) what the hell do you do ? julius calmly kneel beside the still form . he put he case down , and he hand move expertly across the prone figure . julius I do nothing , the pavement be he enemy . CUT to : julius eye almost close as he skilled hand touch the guy a moment more . julius I would say -- a concussion -- a mild shoulder separation , and rib four to seven be crack . julius rise . julius get he to a hospital . and now he pick up he case , start to go ; pause . ( continued ) twins - 4/14/88 27 . a45 continued : ( 3 ) a45 julius and in the future , you should both consider wear helmet . a sweet smile . CUT to : 45 omitted 45 * through through 47 47 * 48 ext . hollywood STREET - night 48 * Vince , approach he car , see a motorcycle cop put a ticket under he windshield wiper . Vince march over , examine the ticket . vince fifty - three dollar ? you gotta * be kid . cop you vehicle 's in a handicapped zone . Vince immediately hunch he shoulder and affect a limp . vince so ? do I look normal to you ? cop you do not have a ' handicapped ' sticker on you windshield . ( a beat ) Driver 's license , please . CUT to : closeup - vince's hand it be be handcuff to he car 's door handle . cop you have get over 200 outstanding parking ticket , Mr. benedict . and you just have you birthday ? well , you driver 's license just expire -- happy birthday . * ( continued ) twins - Rev. 4/27/88 28. 48 continued : 48 as we hold on Vince 's depressed face we fade to black -- CUT to : a49 ext . orphanage - day a49 julius walk up the stair lead to the front door . 49 ext . enclosed orphanage playground - day 49 Young boy in uniform be raucously enjoy they recess under the supervision of several nun in habit . julius ( v.o. ) so , this be where my brother grow up . I be glad he have so many friend to play with . * 50 int . orphanage dormitory - day 50 a elderly mother superior look dubiously at julius as he stare out the window down on the playground . he turn and examine the dormitory which be line with metal cot . he point to a cot near the door and smile fondly . julius and that 's where he must have sleep . mother superior how do you know ? julius it 's the one I would have choose . it 's next to the fire extinguisher . in case of a fire , I could have give the alarm , and save the other orphan . mother superior we have only have one fire at St. Charlotte 's . Vince benedict start it , we like to think by accident . twins - Rev. 4/15/88 28a . 51 int . mother superior office - day 51 the mother Superior open a file cabinet and begin rummage through it , watch by julius . julius tell I about he . be he a good athlete ? do he like chess and poetry ? ( continued ) twins - Rev. 4/27/88 29 . 51 continued : 51 mother superior I be certain that God have a purpose when he create Vincent benedict , but it have nothing to do with chess or poetry . she locate a file , remove it ; the only thing inside it be a photograph , which fall to she desk . mother superior that 's odd ... the content of he file be miss . julius pick up the photo -- a 13 - year- old boy leer up at a attractive young nun . julius this be he ? he look happy -- * mother superior ( sighing ) he should -- that 's sister Maria , * he biology teacher . julius I always like biology . mother superior so do Vincent . he disgrace sister Maria , who have to leave the order . then he steal all the money from we library fund and run away . CUT to : 52 ext . orphanage - front door - day 52 the mother Superior be try , tactfully , to close the door on julius . julius but I have to find he . where do you think he might be ? mother superior jail . a man of he character could only be in jail . you be full of goodness , julius -- I pray that you never find he . sweet smile as the door be close and we -- CUT to : twins - Rev. 4/27/88 30 . 53 int . los angele jail - holding cell - day 53 a bunch of people be in the cell along with Vince . most noticable be a amazingly tall , slender , muscular black man . we be talk a seven footer here . a bad tempere Seven footer . seven footer ( to Vince who be scowling at he ) what be you lookin ' at ? vince at you , you jerk . the Seven footer rise angrily to he full size . Vince move right in on he -- he may be go through a bad patch , but make no mistake , Vince be tough . vince ( to the other in the cell ) tyrone Davis , average 23 point , eleven rebound and four block a game he senior year . first round pick of the L.A. clipper and now look at he . seven footer ( stunne by the amount of information ) who be you ? vince ( as he give tyrone a card ) World International athletics * representation . Vincent benedict -- President . I coulda get you a no - cut contract so you would not have to heist t.v. set for a live -- CUT to : guard come to the cell door . guard benedict ! visitor . ( continued ) twins - 4/14/88 31 . 53 continued : 53 vince ( move away ) call I when you get out , they be always look for center in Italy ... and as he go -- CUT to : 54 int . jail - visiting room - day 54 julius be already seat in one of the cubicle , separate by a glass partition from the prisoner 's side . this be a big moment for julius and he look around as various prisoner be bring in -- -- and as a look of pleasure come across he face -- CUT to : guard lead a attractive , powerful inmate into the room . the guy be julius 's age . CUT to : julius try to fight he excitement , watch as the prisoner move toward he -- -- then past he . julius , confuse , stare for a moment straight ahead across the partition , and now he 's more confuse -- -- because Vince be sit across from he , dubiously study he , arm cross . there be phone on both side of the glass partition . the room , it should be note , be busy . julius make a smile . Vince just stare . julius mutter " excuse I " and get up , go to a nearby guard . ( continued ) twins - 4/14/88 32 . 54 continued : 54 julius ( soft ) Excuse I , but I be look for Vincent benedict . guard ( point to Vince ) you get 'im . julius turn , look at Vince , and as he walk back to he side of the cubicle and sit , he be overcome with the wonder of it all . julius ( impassion , but a bit rambling ; he emotion be in control ) Vincent ... dearest Vincent ... I have row halfway across the world -- no , wrong , I only row one day but I come halfway across * the world -- I know you do not know who I be , but believe I when I say I have be wait for this * moment all my life ... it 's hard to tell what Vince be feel but clearly the look of dubiousness be go . he pick up the phone on he side , gesture for julius to do the same . as julius do , Vince at last speak : vince you gotta talk into the phone , * asshole . julius be confuse , momentarily . julius ( understand now -- into the phone ) Vincent ... CUT to : vince listen , somewhat amaze . who be this loony ? julius ( v.o. ) ... dearest Vincent ... Vince glance quickly around to see that no one be listen . ( continued ) twins - Rev. 4/27/88 33. 54 continued : ( 2 ) 54 julius ( v.o. ) I know you do not know who I be , but -- I come halfway across the world -- CUT to : two of they vince ( cut in ) -- whoa . I still get another six hour to pay the money back . you * tell that crummy klane brother that harass a man when he 's already in the slammer be beneath even they -- julius ( overlap -- they do this a lot ) -- I do not know any klane brother . I be you brother , julius . vince ( stop dead ) huh ? again ? julius I do not know any klane Brothers . vince ( wary ) yeah . go on -- I get that part . julius my name be julius -- I be you twin brother . vince ( laugh ) obviously -- the minute I sit down I feel like I be look in a mirror . julius we be not identical twin . vince I would not be too sure . ( continued ) twins - Rev. 4/27/88 34 . 54 continued : ( 3 ) 54 julius ( sad ) you do not believe a word I have say , do you ? vince -- that 's right . I do not believe a word you say . * julius Vincent , I do not lie . I be you brother . let I help you get out * of here . vince ( now he 's interested ) oh ... you want to help I get outta here ? julius yes . vince well , money talk , bullshit walk . julius how can bullshit walk ? be that slang ? vince ( to himself ) I be in fast company here -- ( to julius ) listen , you get I outta here , I will be whatever you want , best friend , brother , nephew , niece , grandma ... Vince get up -- vince ( to himself as he leave ) just do not ask I to bend over -- CUT to : 55 ext . police station - parking lot - day 55 a bunch of impound car . Vince and julius walk toward a small building in the center . ( continued ) twins - Rev. 4/27/88 35 . 55 continued : 55 vince listen , 'twinny , ' I hope you do not blow you wad on that ticket , ' cause it 's gonna cost a bunch more to release my car . julius I have some more money -- vince you do ? julius I be happy to help you , Vincent . you be my brother . I love you . vince julius -- look -- ease up on the love talk or I be gonna be toss my cookie , all right ? julius toss cookie , that be more slang ? vince just gimme you wallet , okay ? as julius sweetly hand it over -- 56 omitted 56 * 56A ext . police impound office - day 56A * as julius count out almost the last of he money to the police attendant , who hand he a set of key . Vince grab they and walk out of the building . julius follow . 57 ext . impound parking lot - day 57 julius I know what you be think ? vince no , you do not . julius you be think that this whole twin business be what you call ' bullshit . ' ( continued ) twins - Rev. 5/2/88 36 . 57 continued : 57 this be exactly what Vince have be think . vince actually , I be think I be go to need some more money -- to put gas in my car -- julius you can take some more money -- vince I can ? julius sure ... vince we be brother -- right ? julius try to drape a arm around Vince 's shoulder . Vince give he a look . julius drop he arm . time CUT to : a58 ext . impound parking lot - day a58 Vince and julius be walk down a long line of car . vince they arrest you , they put you * behind bar , they fine you and * then they hide you car . * julius that 's -- ( point ) -- you car , be not it ? CUT to : vince's mustang which be what julius be point at . vince yeah -- how would you know that be my car . julius we be twin ! ( continued ) twins - Rev. 4/27/88 37 . a58 continued : a58 Vince unlock he side , get in . julius , smile and happy , start to walk around to the other side . julius ( very happy ) I be so excited -- we will go to museum together , discuss philosophy together , read book together -- play chess together -- vince -- get lose together -- and on that , he gun he car the hell away , leave julius stand there . CUT to : julius desert , alone in the sea of car . 58 ext . airport - parking lot - day 58 as a gleam new cadillac roll up to the ticket booth . Al lean out from the booth , take in the car and its occupant -- two man , one in a Hawaiian shirt , one in a tanktop , both wear Ray - ban . they look like they be go on vacation . ( continued ) twins - Rev. 6/22/88 38. 58 continued : 58 al hey , the new sedan deville ... very nice . the driver , garfield , just nod , hold out he hand for the ticket . al you guy must be go to Hawaii , huh ? catch that good surf . garfield something like that . the two man just stare straight ahead , uninterested in conversation . Al hand the driver a ticket . al there 's plenty of space on level four . the cadillac accelerate up the ramp . 59 int . parking lot - inside cadillac - day 59 as it pull into a parking spot in the enclose lot . man # 2 , larson , open a attache case , remove a cassette , insert it into the tape deck while the driver wipe down the steering wheel , gearshift , etc. with a cloth to remove they fingerprint . outside cadillac as the man get out , lock the car , wipe off the door handle , and then head for the elevator . CUT to : a60 ext . hollywood office build - establishing - day a60 b60 int . vince's build - hallway - day b60 as Vince approach a door on which a sign read : vincent benedict , inc . * sport agent - artist representative import / export * automobile sale - rental - leasing * wholesale patio furniture * his door open and out come two furniture mover with a desk . ( continued ) twins - Rev. 6/22/88 39 . * b60 continued : b60 vince what be you do with my desk ? mover take back the furniture -- you be six month behind . he open a desk drawer , pull out a razor and begin shave as he walk into he office . 60 int . vince's office 60 almost nothing be leave but the phone on the floor , with miss busby , he secretary , stand by it . Vince be stunne . miss busby I try to stop they , Mr. benedict -- vince it be time to redecorate anyway . the phone ring -- miss busby drop to she knee beside it . miss busby ( into phone ) Vincent benedict , Incorporated -- Sports agent , artist 's representative -- import / export -- automobile sale , rental , and lease -- wholesale patio furniture -- how may I help you ? ( listen briefly ) oh , hi. ( to Vince ) it 's Al . as she hand he the phone . vince ( take it , talk to she , sweetly ) miss busby -- stacy -- this be a transition period for the corporation -- why do not you take a few day off . miss busby ( a little lose ) ... aah -- all right . whatever you say , Mr. benedict ... ( more ) ( continued ) twins - Rev. 6/22/88 39a . 60 continued : ( A1 ) 60 miss busby ( cont 'd ) ( stop ) oh , before I forget ... happy birthday ... she hand he a gift - wrap present which he open . ( continued ) twins - Rev. 4/22/88 40 . 60 continued : 60 vince ' aqua -velva ' -- you should not have -- she take she purse , smile , go . when he 's alone , into phone : vince I hope you get some good news , * Al -- * CUT to : 61 int . al' ticket booth - al - day 61 on the phone in he ticket booth . al ( into phone ) brand new caddy on level four . CUT to : 62 int . vince's office - vince - day 62 vince ( thrilled ) great , I will be right over . Vince drop to he knee in order to replace the phone into its receiver . he then scramble up , straighten he suit , head for the door , make sure he pony tail be perfect . CUT to : 63 int . vince's office - hallway - empty corridor outside 63 - day as Vince exit , turn , quickly lock the door , turn back into the corridor just in time for this -- -- a huge fist slam brutally into he stomach . Vince gag , fall to he knee as we : pull back to reveal morris klane , the biggest of they all , stand over Vince . morris klane time 's up , Vincent -- get the money ? ( continued ) twins - Rev. 4/15/88 41. 63 continued : 63 he bend over , pick Vince up by the neck like a toy doll , straighten he up briefly , then bury he fist into Vince 's gut . Vince go down . harder than last time . * CUT to : vince in agony , on he knee . it hurt to breath . he finally manage to look up at the giant -- vince ( gasp ) do you hit I yet ? ' Cause I do not feel nothin' . CUT to : morris klane he grab Vince again . morris klane you gotta understand something , benedict -- I like my work . he pull Vince groggily up and this time he 's go for Vince 's face . he take he time set Vince up , get he chin at just the right angle . he 's concen - trating on he work , so he do not pay much attention to the fact that the elevator door have open behind . klane draw he fist back and be about to drive it into Vince 's face when he suddenly pause ; the expression on he face , at first puzzle , become increasingly agonize as we reveal that -- julius behind he , be squeezing a pressure point on klane 's neck , rendering he unable to punch out Vince . julius maneuver the klane off of Vince and force he down onto the floor . julius ( quietly ) this be most unfriendly act you be commit . morris klane ( totally surprised ) what ? ( continued ) twins - Rev. 4/22/88 42. 63 continued : ( 2 ) 63 julius I do not know what the problem be , but I be sure it can be solve without resorting to violence . morris klane ( absolutely in agreement ) okay , okay . julius good . * julius let go of klane , who get to he foot , turn around , and instantly let fly with he fist at julius 's face . here julius effortlessly block the punch and go right on talk . julius you move too soon . klane spin and aim a karate kick at julius 's head . julius coolly duck it and send klane crash into a wall . julius a important rule in a crisis * situation -- negotiate first , attack last . you never negotiate . you do not know what kind of enemy I be . klane drag himself to he foot while try to gauge what he 's up against . morris klane who be you ? julius Vincent 's brother . vince ( happily ) we be twin . klane be not buy it . see a fire axe inside a glass case on the wall , he smashes through and grab it . morris klane you be firewood . ( continued ) twins - Rev. 4/22/88 43. 63 continued : ( 3 ) 63 julius you have no respect for logic -- * klane charge julius , who sidestep he blow . the axe be be imbed in the wall . as julius grab he . julius -- and I have no respect for that with no respect for logic . you be a very stupid person . CUT to : closeup - julius CUT to : vince watch as julius pick up klane with both hand and lift he a foot up into the air , hold he there for a pause . CUT to : vince -- and this next be time perfectly -- as he push the elevator button and ... CUT to : elevator door slide open and ... CUT to : julius as he heave klane across the corridor into the open elevator klane crash down hard just as the door slide shut and ... CUT to : twins - Rev. 4/22/88 44 . 63 continued : 63 vince shout as the door close on the crumpled klane . vince tell you brother ' he mess with I , he mess with my whole family ! ' 64 ext . vince's office - STREET - late afternoon 64 despite himself , Vince be definitely warming to julius . vince ( happy ) I like it when you hit people ! julius I hate violence . vince but you be so good at it . we ought to go into business together . you could be a boxer and I will be you manager . julius I do not think I could fight for money . vince no problem . you do the fight , I will keep all the money . julius ( laugh ) I be worried about you , Vincent . * they reach Vince 's mustang and get in . julius how much money do you owe ? do not lie -- we be twin , I can feel you pain . vince ( explode ) why do you keep say that ? we be not twin , we be not brother , we be nothing , and you be only in this car because I could use a little protection this day -- ( continued ) twins - Rev. 4/27/88 45 . 64 continued : 64 julius ( close he eye ) twenty thousand ? vince ( a beat ; then , quietly ) due this morning . * CUT to : * aa65 int . mustang - drive shot - late afternoon aa65 * suddenly Vince bang he forehead with the palm of he hand . vince I do not know where my head be -- I forget I promise this friend of mine -- sammy -- I would pick up he car at the airport -- do I a big favor , okay ? drive this car back from the airport for I . julius I would love to . julius reach into the glove compartment , take out the car manual , begin speed read it , run he index finger down the center of each page . vince what be you do with that finger ? julius learn to drive . Vince be not sure what 's go on at this point . now julius study Vince 's shifting move , the way he hand work the steering wheel . now he 's back to the manual . now he 's stare at Vince . Vince and julius 's head be both in motion now -- julius 's from the book to the wheel , Vince 's from the road to julius 's finger . as they head keep turn -- CUT to : a65 omitted a65 * twins - Rev. 4/27/88 46/47 . 65 int . parking lot - day 65 Vince check beneath the caddy 's tire , then rise , frustrated . julius what 's the matter ? vince that dopey Sam -- he do it again . forget to leave the key ... a lot of handicapped kid be gonna be really disappointed ... julius ( move ) handicapped child ? ( continued ) twins - 4/14/88 48 . 65 continued : 65 vince this car be suppose to be auction off at they charity drive tomorrow . oh , well , let 's go eat . julius maybe we should try to open it ourselves ... Vince raise he eyebrow in mock surprise . vince you think we should do a thing like that ? julius of course -- it 's for the child ... CUT to : closeup - slim jim Vince insert it into the cadillac 's driver 's - side * window , watch by julius . vince ( feign ignorance ) I see a guy from the auto club do this once ... the door lock suddenly pop up in unison . vince whaddya know ? beginner 's luck ! CUT to : vince as he take a breath , open the door , scoot inside -- -- and the instant he do there be this terrible shriek siren sound -- -- Vince frantically scramble around , lie on the car seat , try to make it stop but he can not -- -- and then two thing happen : ( continued ) ) o ( twins - Rev. 7/5/88 49 . * 65 continued : ( 2 ) 65 first , the car tilt and Vince be pitch unceremoniously forward , landing on the floor of the car under the steer - ing wheel . he scramble back to the seat -- it 's not easy because of the angle . second , the siren stop . Vince look out the car window . CUT to : julius hold the rear of the car several foot up in the air . julius when the back end be raise to a angle great than 45 degree , a mercury switch activate the automatic cutoff system . the alarm 's computer think the car be be tow away and shut off . vince no shit ... it 's beginning to dawn on Vince that there may be more to julius than meet the eye . 66 ext . los angele STREET - magic hour 66 the cadillac pass by , Vince at the wheel . a pause . now the mustang come along , julius at the wheel . he drive terribly , stop and start -- jerk along . julius suddenly put he foot on the gas and roar past Vincent . CUT to : a67 int . julius ' car - moving - dusk a67 julius be speed like a kid with a new toy . suddenly the car phone beeps . he locate the source of the sound , and pick up the phone . julius ( into phone ) Vincent benedict 's car . ( a beat ) Vincent ! where be you ? ( continued ) ) T ( twins - Rev. 7/5/88 pm 50 . * a67 continued : a67 vince ( v.o. ) ya see that little dot in you rearview mirror ? that 's I . julius ( wave into mirror ) hi , Vincent . vince ( v.o. ) there 's a supermarket up ahead . take you foot off the gas and very -- very -- very gently put it on the brake . julius the brake -- right . CUT to : b67 ext . supermarket parking lot - dusk b67 as julius make a sharp turn -- on two wheel -- into the parking lot and come to a dramatic squealing stop that spin the car around 180 degree . Vince 's car pull in a moment later . he get out , gaze at the skid mark as a smile julius approach . julius the brake work just fine ! vince lemme tell you something about America , julius -- nobody like a smart - ass . CUT to : 67 int . supermarket - night 67 julius and Vince enter the supermarket . CUT to : linda and marnie be push a cart down one of the other aisle . Linda be fill it with birthday candle , cake mix , etc . ( continued ) ) T ( twins - Rev. 7/5/88 pm 50a . 67 continued : ( A1 ) 67 linda ( as she reach for some cake mix ) angel 's food or devil 's food ? marnie the answer 's obvious . linda there 's only one Vince benedict . he 's a force of nature . ( continued ) ) o ( twins - Rev. 7/5/88 51 . * 67 continued : 67 marnie and that ' poetry ' he pretend to write . they be old song lyric , Linda . Linda stop push the cart and look at she . linda I know that -- geez , you do not think I know that -- ? ( soft ) it 's so cute , the way he think he 's trick I . anyway , what 's wrong about other people 's song ? some guy tell you dirty joke . it just prove that Vince have a romantic soul . CUT to : magazine rack adjacent to the express checkout lane where Linda and marnie now join the line . julius pick up a playboy and begin speed -read it . his eye widen at what he 's read , and see , and when he reach the centerfold he audibly gasp . marnie ( o.s. ) Excuse I . she reach past julius to take a copy of cosmopolitan . julius drop the playboy , which fall open on the ground , with the centerfold reveal . fluster and blush , he bend down to retrieve it , watch by marnie , who can not take she eye off the sheer beauty of he physique . marnie ( look at the centerfold ) she 's not bad ... julius ( embarrassed ) I be sorry . I have no idea this magazine have thing like that ... inside they . julius try to stuff the centerfold back into the maga - zine , but only manage to crumple it . Linda and marnie exchange a look . ( continued ) ) o ( twins - Rev. 7/5/88 52 . 67 continued : ( 2 ) 67 marnie you do not ? where have you be ? ( gulp ) a desert island ? julius as a matter of fact , a small tropical island , in the South Pacific , about 300 nautical mile south - southwest of fiji . I only get here yesterday , but already * I have find my wonderful brother . * * marnie you brother ? vince ( o.s. ) that 's right ... they all turn and look at Vince , who 's pull he cart up behind they . julius ( proudly ) my twin brother , Vincent . Linda and marnie , stunne , look from Vince to julius . vince ( to Linda ) God you look beautiful in this light . linda Vince ... ? I do not know you have a brother . julius you all know each other ? vince julius , meet Linda and ... ( sarcastic ) her charming sister , marnie . julius ( significant ) sister ? marnie ( to julius ) twin ? CUT to : a68 omitted a68 ) o ( twins - Rev. 7/5/88 52a-54 . * b68 outside the supermarket b68 the girl stand hold they bag while the brother be each in they car . vince ( wave ) Goodbye girl , see you soon . and he gun off . julius ( wave ) Goodbye girl , see you soon . and he gun off too -- only in he excitement he 's go into reverse . julius ( embarrassed ) I have only be drivng for a hour . now he follow Vince . marnie why do I think I be go to see he again ? ( beat ) like maybe tomorrow . twins - Rev. 4/27/88 55/56 . 68 ext . vince's home - night 68 Vince lead julius from the garage to the front door . julius be carry all the grocery bag . julius Linda be you girl friend , be not she ? vince yeah . kind of . julius be marnie you girl friend , too ? vince marnie ! marnie hate my gut . she seem to like you . julius ( try not to sound too interested ) she hardly know I . a beat . vince that 's the best way -- woman love man who be mysterious and devious . it keep they on they toe -- make they excited you know what I mean ? julius no . vince you do like woman , do not you ? ( continued ) twins - Rev. 4/15/88 56A . 68 continued : ( A1 ) 68 julius very much , they be ... strange and sensitive and they have compassion . I have the high respect for woman . Vince listen to this earnest declaration and try to keep a straight face . suddenly the truth dawns on he . vince now correct I if I be wrong . you be a virgin , be not you ? julius that 's private . ( continued ) twins - Rev. 4/27/88 57 . 68 continued : 68 Vince clock julius 's reaction as he remove a eviction notice from he front door . vince ( to himself ) he 's a 230 - pound virgin . * 69 int . vince's house - night 69 it 's a small one - bedroom decorate primarily with garden furniture . as they come inside , Vince be confront by a reproachfully meowing cat . vince ( to cat ) alright ! alright ! I get you food . yes ! ' liver and cheese , ' ' Chicken giblet , ' all you favorite , julius . julius you name you cat , julius ? Vince freeze , realize the implication . a70 int . vince's kitchen - night a70 Vince be season some container of take - out food and pop they in the microwave , while julius stroke the cat who share he name . vince the secret to take - out veal Parmesan be add a little extra cheese . I know you be probably use to grow you own vegetable and spearing fish in the lagoon , but here on the mainland we just nuke it ! the microwave alarm sound , and it pop open . vince dinner be serve ! 70 int . vince's dine room - night 70 as Vince and julius prepare to eat , they both turn they plate counter - clockwise , then dab they lip with they napkin . they both reach for the salt at the same moment . ( continued ) twins - Rev. 4/27/88 58. 70 continued : 70 they both freeze and stare at each other for a long beat . julius smile and we -- CUT to : 71 ext . airport garage - establishing - night 71 72 int . airport garage - night 72 a man , push forty , appear , take a keychain with a caddy fob on it from he pocket . this be webster . dress in businessman 's clothing , he look odd -- but not necessarily frightening . he walk to the spot where the car be . CUT to : parking spot it 's definitely empty . CUT to : webster he look at the cadillac key . clearly , he be not happy at the turn of event . CUT back to : 73 int . vince's dine room - later 73 they have finish eat . vince ( expansive ) so , let I get this right . one of * we father be a famous football player , another one be a physicist at m.i.t . -- julius he win the Nobel Prize . Vince , play along , roll he eye . ( continued ) twins - Rev. 5/9/88 59 . 73 continued : 73 vince naturally ... so all of we dad be this big shot and Mom be , like , superwoman , but she do not survive we delivery . I get send to a orphanage while you be bring up in a tropical paradise by this scientist you do research for , but who do not actually pay you because you do not need money . ( a beat ) do I leave anything out ? julius ignore Vince 's cynicism . julius I think it 's important we try to find we father . vince you mean , all that geniuse who contribute to the ... ( make a jerk - off gesture ) ... sperm milkshake ? * julius why be you be so immature about this ? * Vince throw down he napkin . vince do you know how many time I have hear storey like this ? it 's every orphan 's fantasy : ' my real Mom and dad be rich and beautiful , but there be a mix - up at the hospital and I get switch with another baby ... but one day there 's go to be a knock at the door and there they will be with open arm , cry ... " my darling ! my treasure ! we do not know ! how can we make it up to you ? " ' ( a beat ) I be tell you this for you own good , julius . it 's a crock . Vince go over to a trunk , rummages in it , come up with a dusty moulder folder from which he remove a yellow - ing piece of paper . ( continued ) twins - Rev. 5/9/88 60 . 73 continued : ( 2 ) 73 vince I liberated this from my file at the orphanage . read it and weep . julius take the paper and read aloud . julius dear sister Anderson , you request for orphan benefit for Vincent benedict have be deny . accord to we file he mother do not die during birth . we have a current address for she at 172 Canyon Glen drive , Los Angeles . Vincent 's case seem to be one of simple abandonment and as such he be inelligible for aid . Vince snatch the paper back . julius stare at he , just stunne . vince that 's right , julius , she abandon I . julius this letter be write thirty * year ago . we be five year old * -- we mother ... do not die when we be bear ... ( stare at Vince now ) you have know all this time where she be and you never contact she ? vince ( angry ) I do not know about you momma , miss perfect of 1952 , but my momma be a slut , and if she 's still alive , I hope she 's in a lot of pain . she dumped I once -- no way she gonna get a chance to do it again -- julius Vincent , if they lie to we about momma for all this year , maybe they lie to she , too . we must find she , we must check this address . * ( continued ) twins - Rev. 5/9/88 61 . 73 continued : ( 3 ) 73 he can not hide the excitement . vince julius -- slow down -- I have get no time for this . you go hunt down * Mom , I have get a cash flow problem * to deal with . Vince go to the phone which be ringing . vince ( into phone ) what ! burt klane ( v.o. ) we have not forget about you , benedict -- you better have we money tomorrow morning . or else . vince or else what ? suddenly , Vince 's live room window explode in a burst of gunfire . Vince and julius hit the floor and try to shield themselves from the shatter glass . the sound of a car squealing away outside the window . julius everyone seem so angry in America . 74 ext . aerospace plant - establishing - day 74 a sign in front read : " southland aerospace . " 75 int . aerospace plant - corridor - day 75 the driver of the cadillac ( garfield ) , and he partner ( larson ) , now dress in suit and tie , walk along a executive corridor toward the reception area . garfield the test on the lower temperature gasket look great . larson look like a easy weekend . 76 int . reception area - day 76 as they head for garfield 's office , a secretary try to hail they . ( continued ) twins - Rev. 4/27/88 62. 76 continued : 76 secretary ( concerned ) Mr. garfield , there 's a ... * garfield ( preoccupy ) not now . 77 int . garfield office - day 77 as they enter they suddenly stop and stare as we ... * pull back to reveal -- webster , immaculate and well mannered , rise from a chair . garfield who be you ? webster ( friendly ) I be webster , it 's okay . CUT to : garfield on the sound of the name . he look at Larson . a beat . * larson ( terribly upset ) Christ , man , you be never * suppose to come here . garfield ( rattle ) the deal be we be never suppose to meet . you be suppose to be ... webster driving that cadillac to Texas ? ( hold up he glove hand ) get my drive glove , get my drive glass , get my hat ... but no car . garfield * the car be there ! the merchandise be in the trunk ! you instruction be on the cassette ! ( more ) ( continued ) twins - Rev. 5/9/88 63. 77 continued : 77 larson ( cont 'd ) ( to garfield ) he want more money . that 's what this be about . webster let I explain something to you . I have a reputation to uphold . people put they trust in I because they know I always deliver the goods and I always come back with the money . this whole thing be make I look very bad ... professionally . garfield this be bullshit ! the car be there . larsen that 's right . the parking attendant think we be off for Hawaii . webster ( a brief pause ) the parking attendant ? garfield he like the car . we would put on that damn loud shirt so we would look like tourist -- larsen he ask we if we be go surfing . he be a jerk . webster suddenly get to he foot , smile . * webster you know , I just realize that in * twenty year of service no other * client have ever see my face . garfield ( nervously ) * I do not think that 's a problem . webster pull out a silencer - equip pistol and put a bullet in each of they forehead . they lie very still and very dead . ( continued ) twins - Rev. 5/9/88 63a . 77 continued : ( 2 ) 77 webster guess you be right . * 78 omitted 78 &amp ; &amp ; 79 79 twins - Rev. 4/27/88 64 . * 80 int . reception area - day 80 as webster emerge from garfield 's office and then turn back as if to say goodbye , watch by garfield 's Secretary . webster thanks for everything , guy . I will see what I can do about that laker ticket . ( a beat ) yeah , I will tell she . webster close the door behind he , smile charmingly at garfield 's Secretary . webster they want you to hold they call . they be go to be work late . CUT to : 81 omitted 81 through through 87 87 a88 ext . winding road ( bel AIR ) - day a88 as julius jog steadily uphill , check the occasional house number against the address on Vince 's letter . b88 ext . STREET ( bel AIR estate ) - day b88 a impose security gate stand wide open as several car roll through it and climb up the long driveway . julius , check the address , sprint in after they just before the gate close . c88 ext . bel AIR estate - day c88 as julius jog up to the front door . the circular driveway be fill with car . adult and child be visible on the grounds ; it appear that a party be in progress . julius ring the doorbell , which be answer by granger , a man of about 60 ; he 's dress in swim trunk and sport a impressive physique . he 's hold the hand of a five - year - old girl . julius and Granger look at one another and , for a brief moment , hesitate , as if each of they find the other vaguely familiar . ( continued ) twins - Rev. 4/27/88 65 . * c88 continued : c88 granger ( after a beat ) yes ? julius I be terribly sorry to disturb you party and I realize this might sound strange , but I be look for someone who live here a long time ago ... ( finally ) Mary Anne benedict . Granger react ; he 's speechless . julius hand he the group photo of he mother , six father , traven , and Werner . julius she be my mother . Granger look at the photo , then at julius . granger you be Mary Anne 's son ? girl ( point at photo ) be not that you , grandpa ? julius gently take the photo from the girl , look at the face she point at , then at Granger . now julius be speechless -- Granger be one of he father ! granger ( to girl ) why do not you go help you grandma with lunch , honey ? the little girl disappear back inside . Granger , clearly shake , look at julius . granger they tell you mother that you die at birth ... on julius 's reaction , as we -- CUT to : d88 int . granger' study - day d88 trophies , frame photo , other memorabilia of Granger 's illustrious football career adorn the wall . ( continued ) twins - Rev. 5/2/88 66 . d88 continued : d88 julius study they admiringly while Granger look at the group photo . granger I guess you could say I be you father ... julius one of my father -- granger ( wistfully study photo ) ' Mary Anne benedict ' ... I have not say she name aloud for over 30 year . she be the love of my life . ( shaking he head ) the time I have wonder what would have happen if I would marry she ... julius why do not you ? granger she turn I down . Said she be afraid to have child . she take it real hard when they tell she you die . she even stop painting . do you know she paint ? julius until yesterday I do not even know she might still be alive ... who tell she we die ? granger ' we '? julius I have a twin brother , Vincent . granger there 's two of you ? she never * know that , either . this really get to Granger -- the injustice of it all . he point to traven 's face in the photo . granger Mitchell traven . he supervise the experiment for the government . ( more ) ( continued ) twins - Rev. 5/25/88 67/68. d88 continued : ( 2 ) d88 granger ( cont 'd ) he 's the one responsible for all of this . he still run the genetics lab at Los alamos , New Mexico . julius I will go see he . granger watch out for he -- he 's kind of a dickhead , if you know what I mean . julius no , I do not -- but I be learn . CUT to : 88 omitted 88 &amp ; &amp ; 89 89 90 ext . chop shop - day 90 as the cadillac enter through a gate and make its way past the hulk of dead car towards the same body shop we see earlier . 91 int . chop shop - inside cadillac - day 91 as Vince clean out the glove compartment , pockete some cigar and spare change . he pull the cassette out of the stereo , glance at it , pop it back in , turn it on , and hear : garfield ( v.o. ) Mr. webster , I hope you be happy with the vehicle we choose for you little journey . when you get to Houston , phone 713/555-0342 and * ask for beetroot mckinley . he will arrange to trade you a briefcase for the merchandise in the trunk . ( continued ) twins - Rev. 4/27/88 69 . 91 continued : 91 Vince stop the car dead , the body shop owner come up to he . body shop owner New caddy ? let 's check it out . as the chop shop owner check under the hood of the caddy -- Vince move to the back of the car and pop open the trunk . the trunk be fill with a sleep bag that might contain a dead body . Vince unzip the bag , see some kind of giant engine part . he try to lift it out -- it will not budge . Vince close the trunk -- Vince look at the owner who 's already count out the cash from he bankroll . body shop owner the car 's okay -- I will give you three grand . vince ( decide and get in the car ) sorry -- the car 's be promise for a kid 's charity . body shop owner okay , four grand . as Vince start to drive away : body shop owner ( call out ) okay -- six thousand -- that 's as high as I be go ... CUT to : 92 omitted 92 * through through 98 98 * 99 int . vince's apartment - day 99 a piece of paper by the phone on which Vince be write . it 's get beetroot mckinley 's name and phone number on it . and also one amount : $ 20,000 . on the desk be a map with Houston circle . Vince have just finish dial . the phone be pick up before the first ring be half over . CUT to : twins - Rev. 4/27/88 70-76 . 100 ext . houston skyscraper - day 100 a sign on the top of the building read : " mckinley aerospace . " voice ( v.o. ) beetroot mckinley talkin' . CUT to : 101 vince's apartment - closeup of vince - day 101 he do not know whether to shit or wind he watch just now -- God know what he 's into . mckinley ( v.o. ) who 's cloggin ' up the line ? ( continued ) twins - 4/14/88 77 . 101 continued : 101 vince ( experimentally ) -- uh ... webster -- call from California . I happen to have some merchandise you might want -- CUT to : 102 int . mckinley' office - day 102 * a huge office in Houston . we be look at the bottom of a pair of fancy boot . it block the view for the moment of the speaker , but we can see a briefcase on the desk . mckinley * well , bring it to I , son , and let I enrich you . vince ( v.o. ) it 's the amount of enrichment I want to talk about . boot down now -- we be look at a very rich , very tough s.o.b. mckinley do not try and renegotiate with Old beetroot , son -- CUT to : 103 int . vince's apartment - vince 103 edgy . his pencil bounce up and down on the crucial amount , the twenty thousand . vince look , beetroot -- if we can not renegotiate we wither and die . I be not deliver any goddam cadillac without know for sure I get twenty for my cut . CUT to : 104 int . mckinley' office 104 beetroot . explode . ( continued ) twins - Rev. 5/9/88 78 . 104 continued : 104 mckinley listen , you little shit-for-brains peckerwood , you be out of you goddam crazy disease greedy mind ! we can see the briefcase now by the way -- it 's open and seem quite full of money . CUT to : 105 int . vince's apartment - vince - day 105 clear he throat , take aback by the violence of beetroot 's tone . vince I guess twenty seem a little high to you . I be a reasonable guy -- I will take fifteen -- mckinley ( v.o. ) listen to I , you poor excuse for a warm over turd , a deal 's a deal -- vince -- but -- CUT to : 106 int . mckinley' office - closeup - mckinley - day 106 mckinley do not ' but ' I , the deal be five -- vince ( v.o. ) I can do better than five here . mckinley ( on he foot -- in a fury ) if you can do better than five million dollar , take it ! * CUT to : 107 int . vince's apartment - vince - day 107 as the word " five million dollar " really sink in . we be look at what just might be the high moment of he life . ( continued ) twins - Rev. 5/2/88 79/80. 107 continued : 107 vince ( hard to breathe ) f-five million dollar ... he write down the proper amount now : $ 5,000,000 . then he kiss the piece of paper . vince ( into phone ) beetroot ? mckinley ( v.o. ) what ? vince I will see you in Houston -- after all , fair be fair . ( stare at the write $ 5,000,000 ) I will just have to find it in my heart to live with you offer ... Vince hang up , jump up and scream with joy . he put the cassette in he pocket , crumple up the piece of paper , and sky-hook it into the waste basket . vince five million dollar ! 108 omitted 108 109 int . al' house - day 109 Al and he wife carla be tie to chair in the dining room . webster sit between they , drink a cup of coffee and calmly load he gun . webster * you boss at the lot tell I you * be on duty when the cadillac * clocked in . now what 's he name ? * al okay ... his name be Vince benedict . webster put down the gun , jot down the name . webster that 's certainly a beginning . carla ( to Al ) I be really disappointed in you -- ratting on you best friend . ( continued ) twins - Rev. 5/2/88 81 . 109 continued : 109 webster ( to carla ) my best friend who 's be screwing my wife for three year . carla you know ? al all three year . carla ( indicate webster ; angry ) and you never tell I until there be a stranger listen ? shit , what about my reputation ? webster where can I find mister benedict ? al I be not say . webster let I get this right -- you be protect the weasel who 's be * screwing you wife for the past three year . al he 's my friend . webster well , I guess I will have to beat it out of you -- webster suddenly kick over the chair with Al on it . carla scream -- carla stop -- I will tell -- he life at 1622 westridge place -- he 's get a office at the corner of highland and Hollywood . webster write it all down . al thanks for save I . carla I always love you , al. ( more ) ( continued ) twins - Rev. 4/27/88 82 . * 109 continued : ( 2 ) 109 carla ( cont 'd ) it 's just I could not resist Vince . it 's that eye -- he do this thing with he eye ... al I love you too , carla . webster ( get up , head for the door , shaking he head ) no one 's gonna believe this one . CUT to : 110 ext . vince's driveway - day 110 as Vince come out of he house , carry a sleep bag , pillow , some clothing , a six - pack of soft drink . on top of the stack be a map of the western U.S. , which he 's study while sing the song " Houston " : vince ( sing ) ' go back to Houston , Houston , Houston ... ' Vince toss the item into the back seat of the caddy , just as julius jog up the driveway and collapse against the caddie door . he 's red in the face , completely drench with sweat , gasp for breath , have run all the way from bel - air. vince ( startle ) Jesus ! julius ( panting ) Vince , the most amazing thing have happen . vince you scared the live shit out of I -- julius I meet one of we father . he tell I of a man in New Mexico who probably know where momma be . ( continued ) twins - Rev. 4/27/88 83 . * 110 continued : 110 vince ( patronize ) great . julius , in he fervor , grip Vince by the shoulder . julius she do not abandon you -- she do not even know you be bear ! vince ( feign concern ) awww -- that 's terrible . Vince remove julius 's hand , slide he away from the door , and open it . julius and she be tell that I die ! vince look , julius , I be in kind of a hurry . sammy want I to take the car to Houston . much bigger buck when you raffle for charity in Houston . julius take the map from Vince , look at it . julius ( excited ) -- New Mexico be on the way to Houston . vince ( snatching back map ) a lot of place be on the way to Houston . I will be back in a few day . stay in my apartment . run up my phone bill . throw wild party . take advantage of I . Vince get in behind the wheel . julius march around the car and get into the passenger seat beside he . julius Vincent , we have to go see this man traven in New Mexico ! vince no we do not . julius slam he hand down on the top of the dash . ( continued ) twins - Rev. 5/2/88 84 . 110 continued : ( 2 ) 110 julius yes we do ! and I be come with you ! Vince , realize that julius will not be deny , try a new tack . vince you know -- you be right . this be fate -- destiny -- but there 's no way I be gonna drive for 1500 mile with you smell like that -- julius ( calming down ) you be right -- I will take a shower -- be right back -- julius leap out of the car and bound into Vince 's apartment . as soon as the door shut behind he , Vince hit the caddy ignition and begin squealing out of the driveway in reverse ... just as Linda and marnie 's car pull into it , block he path . Vince slam he hand down onto the wheel in frustration . Linda and marnie get out of they car , sing " happy birthday . " Linda approach Vince with a birthday cake , complete with light candle . vince ( to himself ) why do everybody have to like I so much ? Vince get out of the car and , although it kill he , try to put on a happy face for Linda . linda happy birthday , Vince . vince oh please -- it 's not my birthday anymore -- marnie happy birthday , Vince . be julius around ? vince * he 's inside . * * marnie walk into the house . * Linda gaze at Vince 's belonging in the caddy . ( continued ) twins - Rev. 5/2/88 85 . * 110 continued : ( 3 ) 110 linda ( crestfallen ) where be you go ? vince nowhere -- linda you be go somewhere -- you be not even go to say goodbye -- Vince , know when he 's beat , whisper conspiratorially . vince okay , okay -- look , you can not tell anybody this -- not even you sister -- but I be onto something so huge it give I a rash just think about it . linda like what ? vince I get something in here -- ( pat the trunk ) -- I do not even know what it be -- that 's worth a fortune ! linda ( shriek ) a fortune ! that 's great ! a apartment door open , revealing a female neighbor of Vince 's . neighbor never sleep with that man . never loan he money . and never believe a word he tell you -- that 's free advice . she slam the door shut . linda Vince ...? vince ( as if innocent ) I borrow a cup of sugar from she once ... ( continued ) twins - Rev. 5/9/88 86 . 110 continued : ( 4 ) 110 linda I be come with you . I be not let you out of my sight . vince no you be not . linda I be because if you say ' no ' one more time -- ( suddenly shouting ) -- I will tell everybody you be hide a fortune in you -- vince ( a hand over she mouth ; he 's beat and he know it ) okay , okay . just do not let on to julius . he think we be go to look up we ancestor , like in ' root ' or something . 111 int . vince's apartment - day 111 marnie snoops around , examine the group photo lie on top of julius 's suitcase . in the b.g. she can hear julius sing in the shower -- julius ( o.s. ) ' put on you red dress , baby , ' cause we be go out tonight ... ' she put the photo back as the sound of shower stop . julius emerge from the bathroom , clutching a towel around he waist , and freeze at the sight of marnie . julius ( embarrassed ) marnie -- excuse I -- I be just take a shower . marnie ( hold up a box * of cookie ) * I hear you sing -- I baked some cookie for you . a awkward silence . * * marnie * I guess it be a dumb idea . * ( continued ) twins - Rev. 5/9/88 87 . 111 continued : 111 julius not at all -- I be really look * forward to taste they . * ( a beat ) * I should put on some clothes -- but I be not sure ... marnie oh -- do not mind I . she turn she back to he . julius realize he have no clean shirt . julius I hope Vince do not mind if I borrow one of he shirt . marnie ( while eyeing julius through she compact ) just do not try wear he pants . they both turn as -- linda throw open the door , with a big smile on she face . linda guess what ? Vince just invite we all to go to New Mexico and Texas . Vince come in behind Linda , try to conceal he exasperation . julius that 's a great idea , Vince . CUT to : 112 omitted 112 through through a114 a114 114 ext . vince's neighborhood - day 114 the car , Vince at the wheel , roaring away , the four of they happily inside . hold . ( continued ) twins - Rev. 5/9/88 87a . * 114 continued : 114 now , from the opposite direction come another car . webster be drive . he spot the address , turn in and as he do -- CUT to : 115 int . vince's live room - day 115 it 's pretty much a shamble as webster ransack the place . frustrate , he move out of the room as we -- CUT to : 116 int . vince's bedroom - day 116 as webster begin work it over . he lift up the mattress -- it 's heavy -- push it to the floor and knock the wastebasket over . CUT to : closeup - vince's crumpled piece of paper as webster unfold it , read beetroot mckinley 's name , phone number , and the sum " 5 million dollar . " Vince 's cat appear at webster 's foot , meowing . he reach down and stroke it . a117 int . vince's kitchen - day a117 webster be feed the cat when he hear a sudden , violent pounding at the front door . burt klane ( o.s. ) open up , benedict ! I know you be in there ! webster ( to cat ) you owner seem to be a very popular fellow this day . CUT to : 117 int . vince's front door - day 117 as it crash open , revealing burt klane and he two large brother , Bob and Morris . ( continued ) twins - Rev. 5/9/88 87b . * 117 continued : 117 Morris have he elbow in a sling and a bandage on he head , courtesy of julius . they spread out ... and then freeze at the sound of running water from the kitchen tap . a118 int . vince's kitchen - day a118 as the klane burst inside and see webster turn off the tap and begin drying he hand . he 's friendly , solicitous , definitely non-threatening . webster howdy . burt klane who be you ? webster it 's not really important , be it ? I want to feed the cat before I leave . webster start for the door . Morris ( the really big one ) block the doorway , cut webster off . burt klane I ask you a question . webster shrug , exhales . webster who be you ? bob ( help out ) we be the klane brother . that 's burt and Morris -- I be bob. webster interesting genetic pool . you be look for Vince benedict , right ? the brother all nod . webster be I Vince benedict ? Morris stare hard at he , shake he head . webster so what 's the difference who I be ? ( continued ) twins - Rev. 5/9/88 88/89 . * a118 continued : a118 burt klane hit he , Bob . Bob step forward . before he can do anything , webster pull out he gun and shoot he in the foot . then webster turn and shoot burt in the foot . the two brother crumble to the floor , scream in agony . webster ( to Morris ) you brother seem to have a problem with they foot . ( dangerously to Morris ) it could be contagious . Morris immediately back away and let webster pass by . webster ( polite , as he leave ) have a good , good day . 118 omitted 118 119 ext . highway - night 119 a sign read : welcome to arizona . the caddy roar by . CUT to : ) J ( twins - Rev. 6/16/88 90 . 120 int . car - night 120 Linda , in the front seat , have she head rest on Vince 's shoulder . marnie have she head on julius 's shoulder as well . she seem peacefully asleep while julius sit carefully not dare to move . as marnie cuddle closer to he , she short skirt ride even higher up she thigh . julius sigh deeply . his biceps bulge and one of the shirt sleeve tear apart at the seam . Vince watch through the rearview mirror , know what 's go on . or rather , what be not go on , yet . he drive on through the night . CUT to : a121 ext . highway - night a121 the car speed by . 121 ext . gas station - dawn 121 the car be be service . Linda and marnie be stretch - ing they leg . linda do julius like the cookie ? marnie shrug . marnie I be not sure ... he say they would provide one hundred percent of the average daily requirement of fourteen source vitamin in a high - fiber form that 's a integral part of a properly balanced diet . Linda look at she . a beat . linda I think that 's good . marnie I really hope so . 122 omitted 122 * ) J ( twins - Rev. 6/16/88 90a/91. a123 int . gas station - convenience store - dawn a123 Vince pick out a T-shirt from the rack for julius . vince this ought to fit you . julius remove the shirt he borrow from Vince , who pretend to be horrify at the sight of julius 's huge muscle . vince whoa -- get away from that window ! there 's woman and child out there ! ( stare at he ) what be wrong with you ? julius what ? vince you allergic to something ? julius no . why ? vince what be that bump do all over you body ? you be all swell up . you look like you be about to explode . ( continued ) twins - Rev. 6/22/88 92. a123 continued : a123 julius ( finally get it ) we can not all be bear beautiful like you , Vince . some of we -- julius put on the T-shirt and look at himself in a mirror . emblazon across its front be a hell angel death head and the motto : born to be bad . vince -- be just bear to be bad . it 's you , julius . oooh , you be so scary ... b123 ext . gas station b123 Linda and marnie watch by the car as the boy emerge from the shop . they stare at the T-shirt on julius . marnie julius ... as he walk past , julius slap she five . julius let 's rock and roll . he open the car door and climb in . vince ( to the girl ) it 's he first T-shirt . 123 ext . road - day 123 the car drive along . Day now . spectacular scenery . CUT to : 124 omitted 124 a125 ext . santa fe - motel - day a125 * as Vince pull the car to a stop in front of the motel . * Linda and marnie get out , follow by julius , who start * to get into the front seat beside Vince . marnie touch * he hand . * marnie good luck . * ( continued ) twins - Rev. 6/22/88 a92a . * a125 continued : a125 julius thank you . marnie see you later . julius , blush , climb into the front seat while Vince leer out the window at Linda . vince see if you can get we a room with a king -size bed , okay ? Linda smile at he , and wink . julius , misunderstanding the sleep arrangement , lean out the window . julius ( to Linda or to Vince ) that 's not necessary . I always sleep on the floor . Vince look askance at julius , then pull the car away . hold on Linda and marnie , gaze curiously after they . CUT to : twins - Rev. 5/25/88 92a . 125 ext . los alamo - day 125 the caddy drive through this mysterious town in the mountain of New Mexico . 126 ext . lab build - day 126 julius and Vince have park the car and be walk to a research building . Vince be try to humor julius who be full of a quiet confidence . vince now promise I something . ( more ) ( continued ) twins - Rev. 5/2/88 93. 126 continued : 126 vince ( cont 'd ) if this professor traven say he 's never hear of Mom , and we twin , and all we dad , and the experiment , I do not want you to be upset . ( a beat ) -- because this be entirely possible . julius you still think I be make it all up , do not you ? CUT to : a127 int . lab build corridor - day a127 as traven , now a tan , fit 70 - year-old , stand frame in he office doorway , look coldly out at Vince and julius . he look like more of a prick than ever . traven I do not know who you be and I * do not know what you be talk * about . now get the hell out of * here before I call security . traven slam the door shut in they face . vince ( vindicate ) well , that 's that . on to Houston . he lead a stunne julius down the corridor , towards several armed security guard . julius he 's lie ! vince keep you voice down . this place be crawl with security -- * julius for the first time in my life , I be -- ( look for the word ) -- piss off ! ( continued ) twins - Rev. 5/2/88 94 . a127 continued : a127 vince do not do this to I . I get a car to deliver . the last thing I need be a detour in the slammer -- julius furiously stop and turn around . julius I be go to make he tell we the truth ... vince no ... CUT to : 127 int . traven' office - day 127 traven look up from some papers on he work table as -- he office door come fly off its hinge and crash to the floor . julius march inside , towards a startle traven , as Vince try to restrain he . * julius shrug Vince aside , approach traven and shove * the group photo into he face . * julius ( indicate photo ) that 's we mother -- that be we six father -- that 's Werner -- and that 's you ! start talk ! traven decide , turn to Vince . traven you turn out just like I think you would , Vincent . what do you do , escape from prison ? Vince stop dead , shell - shocked . vince ... how do you know my name ? ( continued ) twins - Rev. 4/28/88 95 . 127 continued : 127 traven ( reptilian smile ) I name you . Vince 's jaw drop as he realize -- * vince * Holy shit . it 's all true . * CUT to : 128 int . basement hallway - day 128 as camera move slowly down it , we realize this be a reprise of we film 's open location . laboratory door chain and padlock . traven unlock it , pull off the chain . 129 int . lab - day 129 the very same one we see in we open , now cover in dust and cobweb . julius and Vince take it all in ; they be numb , while traven seem in control again . traven this room be seal as soon as you mother give birth . julius approach a delivery table , touch it gently , look back at traven . traven you come out first , of course ... ( indicate Vince ) we be not expect he . vince gaze at the " blender " we see traven demonstrate in 1953 . vince ( awestruck ) this must be where you make the milkshake ... ( continued ) twins - Rev. 5/2/88 96 . 129 continued : 129 traven gaze contemptuously at Vince . traven we be not make milkshake . ( indicate julius ) we be make the most fully - develop human the world have ever see . Vince be not unhappy at this information . vince but instead of just one perfect kid , Mom have two of we -- way to go , Mom . traven wrong . the embryo split in two , but it do not split equally . all * the purity and strength go into julius . all the crap that be leave over go into what you see in the mirror every morning . vince ( stunne ) whoa -- I be the crap ? julius it 's not true , Vince . vince no , I want to hear this . ( to traven ) I be leave -over crap ? I be no good ? julius he 's wrong . angry tear well up in Vince 's eye . traven just look at he -- vince you tellin ' I I be a side effect !?! ( continued ) twins - Rev. 5/2/88 97 . 129 continued : ( 2 ) 129 traven ( dismissive ) you have not get the brainpower to understand this -- Vincent , and I have not get the time -- show 's over . he turn to go . julius grab traven , slam he up against the wall . julius ( at boil point ) tell we where we mother be ... * dickhead ! traven ( terrify ) whisper pine ... it 's a artist colony ... two hundred mile north of Santa fe. julius if you be lie to I . ( the famous snarl ) I will be back . julius toss he aside . CUT to : 130 ext . lab parking lot ( los alamo ) - day 130 Vince be sit in the car , slump over the wheel . vince my life just get flushed down the toilet . julius you be wrong , Vincent . you life 's just about to begin . vince I be genetic garbage . julius shake he head . ( continued ) twins - Rev. 5/9/88 97a . 130 continued : ( A1 ) 130 julius Vincent , we be twin . * Vince look at he brother . vince ( patronize ) * I know this be a touchy subject * for you , julius . but the fact be , * we do not look the same -- we do not * act the same , we do not talk the * same -- we do not dress the same . * julius I know . vince ( angry ) so how come if we be the same , we be so damn different . * julius we have six father , Vince . we be different part of a lot of different people . Vince be start to get interested again . vince yeah ? julius and remember , I be take to a beautiful island , protect , educate , love , give every opportunity to grow , to dream , to create . but you have none of that . Vince remember . all the bravado about loving be a orphan have go now . julius you have nobody . nobody to love you , nobody to trust you , nobody to encourage you . all life teach you be that the only person you could count on be yourself . tear begin to well up in Vince 's eye . ( continued ) twins - Rev. 5/9/88 98 . 130 continued : 130 julius you be the miss part of my life and I be the miss part of you life . and when we find we mother we can fill the miss part of hers . we will not be alone anymore , Vince . ( a beat ) we can be a family . Vince look at he brother . a beat . vince a family ? you really think so ? ( continued ) twins - Rev. 4/22/88 98a . 130 continued : ( 2 ) 130 julius nod . Vince think about it some more . vince with like Thanksgiving dinner ? and Christmas tree ... julius ... and a real home where you will always be welcome . vince always ? julius even when you have be bad . Vince begin to brighten . CUT to : 131 ext . downtown santa fe - establishing - day 131 132 int . clothing store ( santa fe ) - day 132 as Vince usher julius through the door . julius be this necessary ? vince I be not introduce you to my mother dress like some goatsherder from albania . you need some new clothes . a sale clerk approach Vince . sale clerk can I help you , sir ? ( continued ) twins - Rev. 4/28/88 99 . 132 continued : 132 vince do I look like I need help ? ( indicate julius ) here 's the problem . ( look around ) maybe I will try on a couple of thing myself . 133 ext . clothing store - later 133 as Vince and julius emerge , dress in identical outfit ; each in he own way look like a male model from a italian fashion magazine . julius do I look okay ? vince you look better , put it that way . we get to do something about the way you walk . you be move a tad stiff , Jules . ever see * frankenstein ? julius I read the book . vince that 's not gonna help . you get to walk like you be move in time to music . I be not talk about military march now , I mean aretha Franklin , otis redding , Wilson pickett , archie Bell and the drell and a couple of white * guy . * julius do not have a clue . Vince don sunglass and demonstrate a soulful strut . vince like this ... you just get to try to be cool , you know ? try this on . indicating glass . julius put on sunglass , snap he finger , try to ape Vince 's move while Vince appraise he . julius * be I cool now ? -- * vince * Mr. Ice . * twins - Rev. 4/28/88 100 . 134 ext . park ( santa fe ) - day 134 Linda and marnie look up in amazement as Vince and julius bop down the pavement towards they . marnie / linda wow ! julius ( excited ) we know where to find we momma ! vince everything julius say be true . I be the product of geniuse ! linda I always know that . vince of course , but it 's nice to make it official . * julius * tommorrow we be go to finally meet we mother . vince * and tonight we celebrate ! 135 int . vince and julius' motel room - night 135 Vince be finish dress , make sure he look partic - ularly fantastic . julius hang back ; something be bother he . * julius ( embarrassed ; a burst ) Vince , you have get to help I -- I have never be out on a date before ... what should I do ? vince talk to she , buy she some drink , dance with she . Girls like to dance . julius look at he brother . ( continued ) twins - Rev. 4/22/88 100a . 135 continued : ( A1 ) 135 julius dance ? vince I guess you have not do that before either . ( continued ) twins - Rev. 5/9/88 101. 135 continued : 135 julius shake he head . vince well -- forget all that disco shit , everyone 's see it . when I really want to romance a girl , I waltz with she . julius you dance with they ? * vince it turn they to putty in you hand . CUT to : vince he shove a chair out of the way , make a little room . vince okay , come here , put you foot by my foot -- julius ( come over ) -- thank you for this , Vince -- vince ( a pain look on he face ) -- I say put you foot by my foot not on my foot ! -- julius look at he brother , then self - consciously take he hand . vince I will lead , you follow . okay , one , two , three , turn ... ( ad lib as follow ) ... put you arm here -- you be break my finger -- you be not wrestle a boar 300 mile south southwest of fiji -- do not clench you tooth -- Vince begin to take julius through the step slowly at first , then as julius gain confidence they begin to sail round the room , and we -- CUT to : twins - Rev. 5/9/88 102 . * 136 int . daddy' girl - night 136 julius and marnie in the middle of the large dance floor in a large club -- and julius be waltzing magnificently . marnie , thrilled , stay with he step for step as we -- pull back to reveal -- Vince and Linda , waltzing brilliantly , too . the four of they have the whole floor to themselves as other dancer ring the area , watch and shouting encouragement . the song end -- everyone applaud -- we two couple head over to they table . vince ( to julius ) well , you have learn to waltz . now it 's time to introduce you to the wonderful world of get shit-face . CUT to : a137 int . daddy' girl - booth a137 Vince , Linda , julius and marnie be seat at a table cover with quite a few empty beer bottle . they be all a little drunk . julius do you know they have beer in ancient Egypt ? marnie er... no ... julius actually it be invent by the assyrian , but the eygptian be the first people to perfect the malt fermentation process . linda you sure know a lot about beer . marnie he know a lot about everything . julius polish off the bottle , belch . ( continued ) ) J ( twins - Rev. 6/16/88 103 . * a137 continued : a137 julius but it 's all from book . until tonight I never have a beer . all theory , no practice -- the story of my life ! vince well , we be go to change all that -- be not we , marnie ? julius , embarrassed , look over at marnie , who 's smile sweetly at he . julius can I ask you a question ? marnie anything ... julius be I shit -face yet ? Linda , surprised , do a spit-take with she beer . marnie ( laugh ) you be get there . Vince get to he foot . vince please excuse I -- my back tooth be float . Vince exit . julius look at marnie , blushes , get to he foot . julius I better see if mine be , too . julius take off after Vince . CUT to : b137 int . daddy' girl - men' room - night b137 as Vince and julius approach the urinal . the both si- multaneously flush before unzipping . julius smile . julius you do that too , huh ? ( continued ) ) J ( twins - Rev. 6/16/88 104 . * b137 continued : b137 vince ( lie ) not all the time . ( a beat ) listen , marnie 's get the hot for you . tonight could be you lucky night ... julius I do not think she really like I . vince piece of cake . you be nervous ' cause it 's you first time . perfectly natural . julius be you nervous ? vince I be twelve and she be a nun -- that 's real pressure . they both finish at the urinal and begin wash at the sink . vince I get to admit it , Jules -- since I meet you , life be get better all the time . julius , a little smashed , can not hide he feeling . he grip Vince by the shoulder . julius for I , too , Vince ! sometimes I be so happy , I want to pick you up and hug you ! julius start to do so , just as another man enter . vince hey , cut it out ! not in here ! julius release Vince , who clock the other man 's reaction . vince ( to julius ) go easy on the beer , okay ? 137 omitted 137 ) J ( twins - Rev. 6/16/88 104a . 138 int . mckinley' office - night 138 beetroot lookin ' forward to it . as beetroot hang up , the camera slowly pan to reveal he be not alone . in the b.g. be a very hard - look man , beetroot 's bodyguard . and stand close to the desk be webster . beetroot ( to webster ) sorry , webster , look like I be doin ' business with someone else . webster ( nod ) I would do the same thing . you want the delivery , it 's not you problem who deliver . ( hand he a card ) if you ever need I , my answer service forward all message . and he 's go . beetroot ( hand card to bodyguard ) put this in my personal file . ( stare at the door ) God , I love a professional ... 139 omitted 139 * &amp ; &amp ; 140 140 twins - Rev. 5/2/88 105 . 141 int . daddy' girl - booth - night 141 Linda and marnie , both a little tipsy . Linda suddenly freeze at the sight of Morris klane scoping the room . Morris be still wear a bandage from he beat by julius . linda do you tell anybody we be come to Santa Fe ? marnie ( unconcern ) well , I phone work and tell they we would not be come in for a few day ... oh , I forget to tell you -- we have be fire . linda ( tight -lipped ) let 's go to the lady ' room . marnie but we just go . Linda take marnie by the hand , just as -- burt and bob klane each with a cast on he foot , each support by a crutch , force they back into the booth . burt klane hello , girl -- do you mind if we sit down and enjoy the music with you ? CUT to : vince and julius approach the table . burt and Bob open they jacket , revealing they have gun on the girl . Morris klane appear behind Vince and julius . burt klane this have go way past a simple case of loan deliquency . bob klane we do not like get shot . * vince what be you talk about ? we do not shoot anybody . ( continued ) twins - Rev. 5/9/88 106 . 141 continued : 141 burt klane it 's no way to do business . julius what do you want ? burt klane we want to take Vince out to the parking lot and kill he . a long beat . vince that 's kind of drastic , do not you think ? Morris grab Vince roughly by the arm . morris klane let 's go . julius ( ominous ) do not touch he . burt klane ( suddenly rough ) * this be not you problem -- you * do not want I to hurt this lovely lady , do you ? he push he gun into marnie 's side . marnie ( cry out ) -- ow ! julius you move too soon ... burt klane what ? julius the second rule in a crisis situation : morris klane ( wary ) he 's start that funny talk again ... ( continued ) twins - Rev. 5/9/88 107 . * 141 continued : ( 2 ) 141 julius if you choose to bluff , you must be prepare to have you bluff call . burt klane this be no bluff -- asshole -- burt give a small head signal and two very large man stand up from a nearby table . they each grab one of julius 's arm . burt klane meet my cousin . ( to the klane ) get this jerk outside . just then , so sudden and quick that it 's over as soon as it begin , julius double kick the seat burt and Bob in the head . they be out cold before they realize they have be attack . without stop , julius whip he arm together in front of he bring Sam and Dave into painful contact with each other ' head . they , too , be now out cold . Vince use this opportunity to stomp , with all he might , on the toe of Morris who 's busy watch julius dismantle he relative . Morris scream and let go of Vince , who run to the nearby pool table , grab a cue and slam it over the head of the now hobbling Morris . all five klane be out cold . vince how many of that ... rule do you have ? julius quite a few . they be formulate by a kendo swordsman in the 17th century , but they philosophical underpinnings can be apply to many other area of life . vince I bet . a142 omitted a142 through through 143 a143 b143 ext . santa fe motel - establishing - night b143 ) o ( twins - Rev. 7/5/88 108 . * 143 int . motel room - night 143 julius be unpack he suitcase on one of the bed -- arrange he book on the bedside table , hang he clothes on hangar . Vince watch he , glance at he watch , and begin to edge towards the door . vince uh ... we get cable tv , a fully stock bar , free ice -- we be in great shape . julius where you go ? vince I think I would just go and tuck Linda in for the night . Vince pick up one of julius ' heavy tome . vince maybe read she a bedtime story . ( with a wink ) do not wait up for I . julius look fondly at he brother as he see he to the door . julius what a day , Vincent , we visit we birth place . we buy new clothes . we dance the waltz . we get into a fight -- we have get this great room . ( heart - feel ) it just do not get any better than this . Vince give julius a sly look as he let himself out of the room . vince oh yes it do . time CUT to : close - a tv screen show a clip of the " 3 stooge " at they moronic best . julius sit watch the tv , nodd in amusement , laugh , slapping he knee in pleasure . ( continued ) ) o ( twins - Rev. 7/5/88 108a . * 143 continued : ( A1 ) 143 he return he attention to the book he 's be read -- something the size of a dictionary -- but can not help return he gaze to the tv . he freeze at the sound of a knock at the door . embar - rass by what he 's be watch , he quickly turn off the tv , and go to answer the door , still hold the book . julius ( call out ) you forget you key -- I know . lucky I wait up . julius open the door , revealing marnie , who walk in right past he . ( continued ) twins - Rev. 4/28/88 109 . 143 continued : 143 * julius * hi. * marnie hi -- Vince and Linda want to be * alone , so I be afraid I be go to stay here . which bed should I take ? julius ( stunne ) either ... I always sleep on the floor . watched by julius , marnie pull the curtain shut , kill the overhead light , all the while provide he with glimpsis of various part of she anatomy . she get into one of the bed , turn off the bedside lamp . marnie good night . julius good night . julius put the blanket and pillow from the other bed onto the floor between the two bed , then shut off the other lamp . silence ... marnie this mattress be awful . get out of bed , she pull the blanket and pillow with she as she step over julius , who try not to look up , and get into the other bed . marnie sorry . good night . julius good night . silence ... marnie this mattress be just as bad as the other one . she get out , again drag the blanket and pillow , put they down on the floor next to julius . she crawl under the blanket , turn she back to he . ( continued ) ) o ( twins - Rev. 7/5/88 110. 143 continued : ( 2 ) 143 marnie this be better ... good night . julius good night . silence . marnie shiver , chatter she tooth . julius be you cold ? marnie it 's alright . julius no , please , take my shirt . I be * baking . julius strip it off and hand it to she . she put it on and pull the blanket over she shoulder . again she shiver . julius you still cold ? marnie just my leg . julius lie there , think about it . julius well , I could give you my ... marnie ( sit up ) thanks . julius reach under the blanket , remove he bottom and pass they over . marnie put they on under she blanket . julius anything else ? marnie I would love a glass of water . julius ( realize that he 's now nude ) right . he wrap he blanket around he waist , go into the bathroom , come out with a glass of water . he hand it to she . ( continued ) twins - Rev. 4/28/88 111. 143 continued : ( 3 ) 143 * marnie thanks . she spill the water all over she top and bedding . marnie oh , great ! she start stripping off everything she 's wear . julius avert he eye . marnie do you mind if I share you blanket ? -- mine 's all wet . julius ( gulp ) no -- that would be okay . they both lie down under he blanket . silence ... marnie could we switch side ? I like to sleep on the leave . julius sure . she start to roll over julius , then pause directly above he and look he dead in the eye . marnie can I ask you something for a change ? julius anything . marnie do you like I ? I mean , even a little bit ? julius I ... I be crazy about you , marnie . but there 's something about I you ought to know . marnie tense , expect the worst . marnie what ? julius ( look away ) I be a virgin . ( continued ) twins - Rev. 5/9/88 112. 143 continued : ( 4 ) 143 marnie glance heavenward , and silently mouth the word " thank you . " she smile down at julius and start very gently kissing he . CUT to : 144 omitted 144 &amp ; &amp ; 145 145 146 int . vince and linda' HOTEL room - night 146 Linda , dress in a negligee , come out of the bathroom area . Vince , wear pajamas , be on the floor , leg curl under the bed , do sit-up . vince ( under he breath ; count ) -- eighteen -- nineteen -- linda you sick or something ? vince julius give I a few pointer -- ( count ) -- seventy - five -- seventy - six -- I do not need to exercise , but Mom 's gonna see I for the first * time in thirty - five year , I wanna look my best . linda she will love you whatever you look like . vince I know she will -- I have that effect on people -- ( count ) -- one hundred and forty - three -- * one forty - four -- * ( beat ) -- I just hope she 's not too disappointed in julius -- he can not help how weird he seem at the start -- ( continued ) ) T ( twins - Rev. 7/5/88 pm 113 . * 146 continued : 146 linda I think you be nervous . vince hey -- I sleep great every night -- ( beat ; softer ) -- what if she 's disappointed in I ? linda ( pat the bed ) c'mere . vince ( final sit - up ) five hundred . ( get up ) do not want to overdo . he go into she arm . linda if she 's disappointed in you , then she 's a fake -- who could want more from a son ? vince ( think about it ) you be right . ( a beat ) I could not do this without you , Linda . linda I know . that 's why , when we get back , I think we should move in together . vince ( threaten ) whoa ! move in together ? linda I be not say we have to get marry or anything , and it 's not about I want to keep a eye on you , either . ( warmly ) I just want to live with you . vince I be no good at play house -- I be grouchy in the morning , cranky in the afternoon , moody at night -- ( continued ) ) T ( twins - Rev. 7/5/88 pm 113a . * 146 continued : ( 2 ) 146 linda I promise not to try and make you happy unless you want I to . Vince be clearly unnerve by the twin emotional demand of Linda and meeting he mother . vince why do not we sleep on this , okay ? I mean , I have get a big day tomorrow . ( shifting gear ) it 's gonna be great -- take my best girl to meet my mom . linda be I really you best girl ? vince there 's nobody else , Linda , not anymore . linda there better not be , because ... ( quote ) ' I only have eye for you ... ' they kiss . CUT to : twins - Rev. 4/28/88 114-116 . * 147 int . julius and marnie' motel room - night ( later ) 147 they be both gaze up at the ceiling , bath in after - glow . marnie have obviously just have the sexual experience of she life . julius be equally daze and happy . marnie be you sure you have never do this before ? julius I think I would have remember ... they start to kiss and we start to hear four raucous voice sing a great old rock song a capella . CUT to : a148 ext . new mexico landscape - day a148 it 's we heroes sing . the cadillac be move quickly through the extraordinary landscape . CUT to : b148 ext . SMALL indian village ( new mexico ) - day b148 the caddy pull up by a roadside flower stand . ( continued ) twins - Rev. 4/22/88 117 . * b148 continued : b148 linda let 's get she some flower . vince good idea . one bunch from I , one from Jules . marnie and one from we -- julius smile happily at Vince 's thoughtfulness . 148 ext . whispering pine - day 148 in the mountain , which dramatically tower over a lovely , wide park - like area with a large adobe building and a few smaller satellite hut . the car drive up a long , dusty driveway to the entrance , which be protect by high gate . we principal exit the car . they approach the fortress - like gated entrance , gaze around at the magnificent scenery . both man carry flower and seem self - conscious about the prospect of finally meeting they mother . julius it 's very beautiful , be not it , Vince ? vince not to mention valuable -- real estate like this must be worth a fortune . julius ( a rebuke ) you must not always think of money . vince ( innocent ) you get I wrong -- I be just say it 's nice Mom 's load -- that 's a worry she will not have to have in she old age . julius smile at Vince and ring the bell . a male custodian answer the door -- friendly but very firm . custodian can I help you ? ( continued ) twins - Rev. 5/2/88 118. 148 continued : 148 julius we would like to see miss Mary Anne benedict , please . custodian I be afraid that 's not possible . as he start to close the door , Vince take charge . vince we have come a long way . I can assure you she 's go to be very happy to see we . custodian I suggest you write a letter to the benedict Foundation state you business . the custodian politely close the door in they face . vince * a foundation ? CUT to : a149 ext . whispering pine - outer garden wall - day a149 we principal circle the wall , try a lock door to no avail . they will have to go over . julius boost marnie over the wall . Linda boost Vince over . CUT to : b149 omitted b149 c149 ext . whispering pine - inner garden - day c149 we principal take in the scene -- a large , enclose garden , with pathway , shady tree , all very lovely , with a great view of the sun set against the surround mountain . they attention be draw to -- a painter work at a easel . several young artist be gather around she , admiringly . this be happen underneath a beautiful old tree and the sight be just lovely . CUT to : ( continued ) twins - Rev. 5/2/88 119 . c149 continued : c149 the quarter they stand still watch . julius ( indicate the bucolic scene ) you think it 's she ? I do . vince gotta be . ( as they still stare ) well , do not just stand there . linda introduce yourselves . * as they take a step in the direction of the painter . woman ( o.s. ) ( sharp and loud ) hey ! CUT to : female gardner on she knee . she 's in work clothes , smudge , hair in a bandana . maybe 60 , there 's something terribly appeal about she . she 's she own woman . she get up from she knee now as they approach -- but not before we note the quality of she gardening -- it 's the size julius have back on the island . gardener should you be here ? vince ( try to joke ) that depend on how you feel personally about trespasp . gardner ( umamuse ; to julius about Vince ) be he always funny like that ? julius ( very politely ) we would like to see Mary Ann benedict please ; be she here ? ( continued ) twins - Rev. 4/28/88 120 . * c149 continued : ( 2 ) c149 gardener ' course she 's here -- ( shake she head ) -- climb over the wall like that , I should call the police -- vince please do not do that -- look -- this be not one of you average everyday situation -- she 's we mother be the thing . julius we be she son . vince twin son . gardener -- you be comedian -- vince we be kind of a surprise . gardener ( take off she gardening glove ) I will bet you be -- follow I . she lead they towards the painter who glance up from she easel . vince ( whisper to julius ) we be right -- julius ( softly ) -- it be she -- now the gardener lead they past the painter . julius ( confuse ) we think that that woman -- vince -- be Mary Ann ? gardener no -- this be a artist 's colony ; there 's a lot of painter . ( continued ) twins - Rev. 4/28/88 120a . * c149 continued : ( 2a ) c149 vince this be some chunk of real estate -- Mom own it all , I guess . they be head toward a door in the garden wall . gardener you can not really own something like that view over there , or that sunset , can you ? vince ( a believer ) no , of course not . julius ( to Linda and marnie ) I can not wait to meet she . gardener this way , please . the gardener usher they towards a door in the garden wall . she open it , politely stand back , let they go through it . they turn back to look at she . gardener Mary Anne benedict never understand why people want to buy she painting . but for a brief period they be consider valuable . she use the money to buy whisper pine so that young artist would have a place to work . ( continued ) twins - Rev. 4/22/88 121 . * c149 continued : ( 3 ) c149 vince she 's not famous anymore ? gardener she never want to be famous . she just want to be leave alone . julius May I ask you a question ? ( a beat , concerned ) why do you keep refer to she in the past tense ? gardener because she pass away , some time ago . vince and julius they look like they have be kick in the stomach . vince but -- but you say she be here -- gardener she be -- I mean she spirit . her spirit be always here . ( a beat ) Excuse I . the gardener gently close the door in they face . another angle - vince and julius they have not move . Linda and marnie try to console they . julius still do not move . Vince shake Linda off and stomp away . 149 omitted 149 &amp ; &amp ; 150 150 a151 ext . whipsering pine - front entryway - day a151 Vince , out in front , hurl he flower to the ground , kick they , then hurry toward the caddy . julius , still carry he bouquet , pick up Vince 's flower , then place the two bouquet into a niche in the wall . marnie join he and add she flower . ( continued ) twins - Rev. 4/28/88 122. a151 continued : a151 the sound of the caddy 's horn honking . vince ( behind the wheel ) can we get the hell out of here ? CUT to : 151 ext . whispering pine - inner garden - day 151 the gardener be back at work , stake up she tomato , as the female painter approach she . painter what be that all about ? gardener this real estate developer will not be happy until they turn this place into a golf course . painter now they be climb over the wall ? gardener they be shameless . they will try anything . ( bitterly amused ) that man claim to be my twin son , if you can believe that . it be really quite disturbing . painter oh , Mary Anne , I be sorry ... gardener ( mary anne ) it 's alright ... you get over thing . * ( with a sigh ) I do have a child once , but he die * at birth ... CUT to : 152 omitted 152 153 ext . roadside diner ( new mexico ) - late afternoon 153 julius , Vince , Linda and marnie be quietly sit at a roadside table , eat some junk food . ( continued ) twins - Rev. 6/22/88 123. 153 continued : 153 linda you ought to be so proud of you mother , Vince . she donate she house and she land and all she painting to help young artist . vince do I look like a young artist to you , Linda ? marnie ( gently ) Vince , all she mean be -- vince ( pick a fight ) I know what she mean . and I know why she 's here , too . it 's get nothing to do with my mother and everything to do with money . linda you know that 's not true . vince ( hard ) bull -shit . julius , who 's be quiet and distant throughout , suddenly intercede . julius take it easy , Vincent . it 's not she fault . vince you hear that , everybody ? the * creature from the black lagoon * just put in he two bit . I * should have my head examine for listen to you in the first place -- deal - of - a- lifetime opportunity and I be drive around look for a dead mother . julius ( very sad ) all I want be to make we into a family . vince ( stand up ) family , my butt . there 's no family here . there 's just I and three loser -- I be leave . ( continued ) twins - Rev. 6/22/88 124 . * 153 continued : ( 2 ) 153 Vince storm off , get into the caddy and squeal away , throw julius 's suitcase out the window as he go . Linda and marnie take off after he . linda Vince -- quit act crazy -- marnie ( stunne ) he dumped we in the middle of New Mexico . julius we will be fine . and maybe he will be better off alone . linda you do not know -- he 's get something worth maybe million in that trunk -- he could get himself kill deliver it . julius he 's be get out of trouble all he life , he 's good at it . marnie he may need you . julius ( voice flat , dead ) I do not know much anymore -- on the island I be smart . here , I have only make thing worse . marnie do not you realize you could make thing a lot worse if you do not do something . ( gently ; close beside he now ) julius -- you be still very smart it 's just you be not think so well right now -- on account of what you find out at whisper pine -- but you be not alone , you know -- I mean , you live long enough , everyone 's mother die ... no reaction from julius . it 's impossible to tell what he 's think . CUT to : twins - Rev. 5/9/88 124a . 154 int . caddy - vince - dusk 154 in the cadillac . he 's drive very fast and be on the car phone . vince okay , beetroot -- it 's time . I will be there tomorrow -- where do we meet and trade ? CUT to : twins - Rev. 5/2/88 125. 155 omitted 155 through through 169 169 a170 ext . santa fe airport - magic hour a170 julius be say goodbye to Linda and marnie . he 's carry he leather suitcase . julius ( to Linda ) do not worry , Linda . I find he once , I will find he again . marnie be careful ... * julius give marnie a rather chaste kiss . julius he turn away . CUT to : marnie watch . CUT to : julius spin back , grab she up , fold she into he arm , plant a world - class kiss on she mouth . hold on the two of they . * he put on he sunglass and stride into the airport . CUT to : aa170 ext . julius' plane aa170 take off in the New Mexico sunset . dissolve to : b170 ext . houston - establishing - crack of dawn b170 CUT to : twins - Rev. 5/9/88 125a . c170 ext . cadillac ( houston ) - day c170 the cadillac drive into town . d170 int . cadillac ( houston ) - closeup on vince - day d170 he 's real serious . CUT to : e170 ext . houston airport - dawn e170 with plane landing in the early morning behind he , we see -- closeup of julius stand -- wait -- try to pick up the scent ... dissolve to : f170 ext . downtown houston - day f170 julius stride purposefully along , carry he suitcase . he reach a sign - post intersection , look in all di - rection , choose one , begin to move . as he do , a creep start walk along with he , eyeing he suitcase , just like the biker do when julius first arrive in Hollywood . creep ( hold up cigarette ) get a light , pal ? * julius , without break stride , turn he head , look at the creep . julius ( scary ) do not fuck with I ... pal . the creep fall back . g170 ext . warehouse ( houston ) - establishing - day g170 Vince pull up in the caddy . dissolve to : twins - Rev. 5/9/88 126. 170 int . warehouse ( houston ) - day 170 he drive inside a large warehouse , park , get out and look warily around . he open the trunk , unzip the sleep bag , revealing the merchandise . beetroot ( o.s. ) step away from that car , Mr. benedict . Vince turn to see beetroot come out of the warehouse , accompany by he bodyguard carry a attache case and hold a gun . the bodyguard pat Vince down . vince I think we have a deal here . the bodyguard ignore he , check out the trunk . bodyguard ( to beetroot ) this be it . vince this be what ? beetroot ( to Vince ) you come here alone , unarm ? you be just a fool who steal a car , be not you ? it 's a new , low - * cost fuel - injection system for * jet engine -- worth a fortune to * the company that bring it to the * market first . * ( ruthlessly ; to * bodyguard ) what be you wait for ? Vince close he eye , wait for the bullet that he know be come . when he open he eye the bodyguard be hold the attache case open to show he the five million dollar . vince five million dollar -- bodyguard ( sarcastic ) you wanna count it ? vince I trust you . ( continued ) twins - Rev. 5/9/88 127. 170 continued : 170 Vince take the case , gaze at the money , snap it shut . he can not believe he 's pull it off . beetroot and the bodyguard get into the cadillac . the caddy speed away while Vince clutches the attache case to he chest and do a little dance of triumph . the big score at last ! two shot ring out . Vince freeze and see -- 171 ext . caddy at warehouse - day 171 the cadillac suddenly crash against the side of another warehouse . it 's horn be blaring . webster emerge from the shadow with a powerful pump action * shotgun . he open the caddy and push the dead * bodyguard off the horn . beetroot have a hole in he head , as well . webster turn and gaze back toward Vince who be sprinting for safety . webster calmly go after he , reloading he rifle . 172 int . warehouse - day 172 it 's fill with forklift , crane and various form of heavy machinery . webster enter and look cautiously around . webster ( call out ) all I want be the money , benedict . just give I what 's mine and you can go back to steal car and screwing you best friend 's wife . vince hide behind some machinery , scurries deeper into the bowel of the warehouse . webster move forward , stalking he . ( continued ) twins - Rev. 5/9/88 128. 172 continued : 172 vince crawl along the ground . he spot a open window up ahead at the end of the warehouse . nearer , to he right , be another window , close . Vince pick up a piece of pipe , aim , fire it at the close window and as it break the glass -- CUT to : webster firing at the sound . he can not see Vince but he pour he fire at the window Vince break -- large chunks of the * build explode off wherever webster fire . * webster pack it in , Vince , you be only waste time -- I do not give a damn about you , just the money -- he 's reload during this -- move forward as we ... CUT to : vince crouch near the open window , glance back at webster who have no idea where he be . noiselessly , he slide out of the open window , briefcase in hand , start to run away -- CUT to : webster move in on the shattered window . a bit irritate . webster Vince , if you do not cut this horseshit I may have to hurt you . julius ( over ) leave my brother alone ! as webster whirl , look around -- CUT to : twins - Rev. 5/2/88 129/130 . a173 ext . warehouse - day a173 Vince , outside , really chugge away now , do he best Carl Lewis imitation . CUT to : b173 int . warehouse - day b173 julius look down at webster from the floor above . his hand be hold high . in one of they be a briefcase . julius I have get the money . webster ( gun train on julius ) well do not be shy -- ( gesture ) -- come on down . CUT to : twins - Rev. 4/28/88 131 . * c173 ext . warehouse - day c173 as Vince put distance between himself and the warehouse . suddenly he stop , as if he 's hear or " feel " something . he shake the feel off , resume run ... and then stop again , shut he eye tightly , try to deny what 's happen to he . vince no way ... this be bullshit ... ( eye snap open ) julius , you putz . Vince turn and run back towards the warehouse . CUT to : d173 int . warehouse - day d173 as julius gracefully shinny down a cable , land near webster . he toss the suitcase to the ground , back away . webster approach . julius ' hand , as before , be hold high over he head . webster just exactly who be you ? julius Vincent 's twin brother -- we be in this together . webster keep you hand that way . julius do not be nervous -- I hate violence and I never carry gun . e173 ext . warehouse - day e173 Vince peer in through the window he jump out of , take in the scene . vince ( mutter ) goddam esp-psycho-voodoo bullshit ... f173 int . warehouse - back to webster - day f173 open julius ' suitcase . he pull out julius ' old clothes , toss they aside , then remove some book , book , and more book . ( continued ) twins - Rev. 4/28/88 132 . * f173 continued : f173 webster ( disgust ) ' Shakespeare 's collect Works ' ?... ' the mind of confucius ' ?... ' Advanced quantum mechanic ' ?... what be this shit ? julius I need something to read on the airplane . webster ( raise rifle ) yeah , well you fly day be over ... CUT to : suitcase with the money fly through the air , landing near webster 's foot . vince ( o.s. ) put the goddam gun away -- you be a multimillionaire . CUT to : vince hand hold high , appear , stand beside julius . webster he cover they both , kneel , open Vince 's suitcase , glance at the money inside . vince and julius both with they hand up , look at one another and begin argue . vince I be never go to forgive you for this . julius you be go to get kill . I try to distract he so you could escape . ( continued ) twins - Rev. 5/9/88 133 . * f173 continued : ( 2 ) f173 vince I have escape . I be on my way to Brazil -- when I feel you . julius so , why do not you go ? vince because , thanks to you , I be now not only a godamn psychic , I have get this disease call a conscience ! julius nobody ever say be good be easy . webster uneasily monitor they argument . vince how be I go to survive out there ? what be my friend go to think ? julius ( smile ) you have not get any friend . webster just what be you two talk about ? vince ( to webster ) butt out , okay ? this be family stuff , we be squabbling , it 's personal , just take the money and go sit in the lap of luxury somewhere . try Brazil . webster ( cock he shotgun ) I do not work like that , you might talk to people -- ( aim the rifle now ) who want it first . julius shoot he . this whole thing be he fault . webster whatever you want . ( continued ) twins - Rev. 5/9/88 134 . * f173 continued : ( 3 ) f173 vince -- hold it , do not I get a say in this ? webster point the shotgun at Vince , start to squeeze the trigger when -- julius pull a gun from he sleeve and blow webster 's weapon out of he hand . webster scream in pain , clutching he hand , dance around . vince ( amaze ) you can be a irritate pain -- but sometimes you come in handy . -- where would you get the gun ? julius from the dead man in the car . vince ( to webster ) you should have check if he have a gun , chump . webster he say he do not believe in they . julius ( proudly ) I lie . vince ( teasing ) ooooh -- you lie ? julius I have to . Vince beam with deep fraternal pride . then he turn to webster and snatch the case back . vince look like you mess with the wrong people , wise guy . webster shrug and take out a cigarette . ( continued ) twins - Rev. 5/9/88 135 . * f173 continued : ( 4 ) f173 webster you get lucky . he light it with he lighter . suddenly julius smell something . bad . webster ( smile ) but you luck just run out . a stream of gas be pour out of the drum that webster puncture whilst he be shoot at Vince . it run in a broad stream across the warehouse floor , right beneath julius and Vince 's foot . webster be hold he cigarette out , ready to drop it in the fuel and incin - erate they . webster Drop the gun and give I back the case , or we be gonna have ourselves some barbecue benedict . julius drop the gun and Vince slowly hand back the case . webster smile and back off down the stream of gas , still hold out the cigarette . he stop at the very edge of the building . webster well , I guess this be goodbye . he raise the cigarette , ready to throw it . julius wait a minute . webster look up . julius you have forget something . webster grip the case tighter . webster I do not think so . julius nod . julius the third rule in a crisis situation . Julian lean calmly against the warehouse wall , support by one arm . ( continued ) twins - Rev. 5/9/88 136 . * f173 continued : ( 5 ) f173 webster the third rule ? julius 's hand have press a button in a metal cage . julius ( smile ) duck . suddenly the load hang from the boom of a nearby crane smashes into webster 's back , and then dump on he , bury he in rubble . vince ( even more amaze ) duck ? ( can not believe it ) duck ? you be develop real style , julius . julius drape he arm around Vince as they walk towards the unharme attache case full of money . julius you come back for I . vince yeah , yeah , yeah . julius I always know you would . vince you be my brother , right ? ( as julius smile ) we be family , right ? julius thank you , Vincent . vince ( with a gleam ) we be a rich family , right ? both reach for the attache case at the same time . julius we be a good family . I be sorry , Vince , but we have to return the money . ( continued ) twins - Rev. 5/9/88 137 . f173 continued : ( 6 ) f173 vince return the money ?!? be you nut ?!? this be dirty money , * julius -- it do not belong to anybody -- julius -- include we -- think how much * better you will feel when it 's out of we life -- vince ( almost jump up and down ) -- I will not -- I will not feel one bit better -- I will never feel better , not if I live to be ... oh no -- * as the sound of police siren get louder we -- fade to black . 173 omitted 173 through through 176 176 fade in : a177 close - newspaper - front page a177 a large photo of Vince and julius be hand a check , with a accompany headline that read : " long lost twins receive reward return cash , stolen engine " camera pull back to reveal we be -- b177 ext . whispering pine - inner garden - dawn b177 Mary Anne benedict , seat at a breakfast table , stare at the newspaper in astonishment . it 's be hold in front of she by the painter from the earlier scene , who gently place the newspaper into Mary Anne 's hand . painter I think you would better read this ... dissolve to : twins - Rev. 5/9/88 137a . c177 int . traven' office ( los alamo ) - morning c177 traven be read a newspaper with he foot up on the desk . it have the same headline and photo . mary anne ( o.s. ) * you steal my family , you lie son of a bitch ! traven look up just as Mary Anne 's fist come crash into he face and send he fly . dissolve to : ) T ( twins - Rev. 7/5/88 pm 138 . * d177 omitted d177 e177 int . linda' apartment build - day e177 as Linda come through the door , get she mail from the mailbox . she turn and come face - to- face with Vince , stand there with a contrite look on he face . vince Linda , I -- linda what the hell be you do here ? vince you would not answer my call or my letter , so I ... look , I make a terrible mistake and I apologize and I want to tell you that I be a change man . Linda be almost buy it , but then -- linda how do you get in here ? vince well , there be a window in the back that -- linda ( resign again ) typical . she walk past he , approach she door , put in the key . Vince follow , speak softly , he sincerity absolutely genuine . vince all I ask be for another chance . I know I probably do not deserve it , but -- linda you be right , you do not deserve it . she open she door , walk in , and slam it in he face . f177 int . linda' apartment - day f177 she sigh , turn from the door , and see -- ( continued ) ) T ( twins - Rev. 7/5/88 pm 138a . * f177 continued : f177 rose dozen of they -- everywhere -- all over she apartment -- beautifully arrange -- in gorgeous vase . on linda take it all in , she resistance melting . she turn , fling open the door , look out -- no sign of Vince ... until camera tilt down to reveal Vince on he knee . vince I have to break into you apartment , but -- linda Vince , they be beautiful . vince so , do you forgive I ? Linda hesitates . linda yes , but ... vince but ? Vince look at she , understand . vince you mean , that matter we talk about once and never really resolve . linda ( feign ignorance ) what matter be that ? vince the matter of you and I live together . linda ( haltingly ) what about it ? Vince get to he foot . vince you place or mine ? they rush into each other 's arm . ) T ( twins - Rev. 7/5/88 pm 138b . 177 int . vince's office - night 177 close a neon sign it read : " the benedict Corporation . " camera pull back to reveal we be -- inside Vince 's office . * the office have be redecorate -- they look serious , professional , and be fill with computer terminal and other high - tech equipment . julius be sorting through a stack of mail while Vince talk to a prospective client on the phone . both of they be wear suit and tie . vince ( into phone ) what do we do ? most people on this planet cause problem -- the benedict Corporation solve they . we be a consulting firm -- a think -tank -- sort of like the rand Corporation -- only smarter ! ( a beat ) Tuesday at three . see you then . Vince hang up the phone , loosen he tie . julius excitedly hold up a stack of letter . julius look at this , Vince -- proposal from the Red Cross , unicef , the World Health Organization -- we should only have client who do humanitarian work . vince just as long as they pay -- we be not run a charity , you know . the sound of footstep down the corridor , then a tentative knock at the door . vince come in ! the door as it open , revealing Mary Anne benedict , not look at all like the gardener they meet in whisper pine . vince and julius confused , just look at she for a moment . ( continued ) ) o ( twins - Rev. 7/5/88 139/139a .* 177 continued : 177 mary anne clearly overwhelm , struggle to find the appropriate word . mary anne it 's so incredible I be not even sure which one of you be which . vince and julius look at one another , then at Mary Anne , realize at the same time that she 's they mother ! three of they stare at each other in silence , until -- mary anne you see , I do not believe you , I mean who would believe a story like you story -- crazy -- they lie to I all this year ... and they lie to you ... but you find one another ... and you find I ... please -- God -- one of you say something . vince ( softly ) momma ? Mary Anne nod . julius ( softly ) mamma ? she nod again . vince ( anguish wail ) momma ! they both run to Mary Anne and hug she for all she 's worth . they be laugh , cry , hold each other . slowly , we ... dissolve to : ) U ( twins - Rev. 7/25/88 140 . * julius watch they . now there be tear on he face , too . he go to they , gently put he arm around they , lift they both up in to the air , cradling they . they be laugh . they be cry . they be hold each other . no word be necessary . slowly ... dissolve to : 178 omitted 178 through through 180 180 fade in : 181 close on werner 181 smiling happily . pull back to reveal we be -- ext . griffith park - day in front of the merry - go-round . Werner purchase a hand - ful of ticket from the vendor , hand one each to Mary Anne , Linda and marnie . mary anne I just can not get over how alike they be ... the three woman all turn and gaze affectionately back at -- vince and julius walk along the path behind they . we assume it 's they the woman be discuss , until we notice that each of they be push a double-stroller with identical twin baby inside ! it 's the twin child that be the source of the woman 's wonder , and Vince and julius ' as well . Vince and julius both yawn simultaneously . julius they kepp you up all night again , too ? ( continued ) ) U ( twins - Rev. 7/25/88 141 . * 181 continued : 181 vince sceam in stereo . they both stop the stroller , look down lovingly at they kid , begin fondle they . Vince and julius , simultan - eously flip identical baby rattles and shake they at they twin . julius ( to baby # 1 ) I think you need you diaper change . ( to baby # 2 ) what a surprise -- so do you . Vince become aware of the condition of he kid ' diaper . vince ( check he baby ) not you , too -- it 's not a competition , you know . they both start push they stroller again . julius just think what we would be like if we would be raise together . vince now that 's a scary think . they both yawn simultaneously once again . time CUT to : 182 ext . griffith park merry-go-round - later 182 Vince and julius be sit on adjoin horse . Linda and marnie hand they son up to they , watch proudly by Mary Anne . the merry - go-round start move , and the last image we see be of Vince and julius on the horse , hold they twin son . as they move past US , end credit begin to roll . fade out . the end