the manchurian candidate by Dean Georgaris base on the novel by Richard condon and the screenplay by George axelrod current revision by Daniel pyne , August 18 , 2003 in black : 1 restless body . scuff of foot . somebody cough . 1 marco' voice approximately sixty four hundred hour before Desert Storm , we be on a routine recon inside iraqi-controlled terrain , assess troop strength for what Saddam Hussein promise to be the mother of all war ... but turn out to be just a little warm up for the whomping he get a few year later . fade in : 2 ext . desert - night 2 prowling across undulate land dot with burning oil well that give the vague impression of , well , hell . the inky sky be awash with star . on the crest of a dune a U.S. army BRADLEY fighting vehicle and match hummer sit , wait . kuwait , 1991 muffled thump of rap music thrum from the Bradley , and low voice stray from the open door of the hummer . marco ( o.s. ) why can not we go directly in ... 3 int . / ext . the hummer - night 3 a topographical map glow on the lcd screen of a laptop portable , faintly lighting the face of capt . BEN marco and he big , gentle , french guide , laurent tokar . marco ( point ) ... this way --? laurent yes , well -- I see the Captain enjoy the road less travel . Marco be seemingly unflappable , completely engage by life . marco the Captain enjoy not drag he ass down the highway for every Tom , Dick and qadhafi to take a whack at . Laurent swing he finger on the arc of approach . 8/18/03 2. laurent well . of course it be very bad , here . and here . and here , here , here , here -- marco mine ? laurent tricky . swedish -made . marco dammit . he refer to some satellite surveillance map -- marco nobody at Command say anything about -- laurent exxon and Global Petroleum hire private contractor to do the work in ' 86 , as part of they asset security program . ( beat ) hire a iraqi firm , in fact , who , now , well -- only they know where the little Nordic fucker be plant . marco ( turn away ) sgt. Shaw ! no response . and we rush toward : a soldier in a lawn chair , face lift to the heaven , sit directly between the two armored vehicle . this be sgt . raymond prentiss shaw , late twenty , haunt and aloof . marco ( suddenly behind he ) sergeant . raymond sir. marco Rolling in two minute . raymond yes sir . beat . marco everything okay ? 8/18/03 3. raymond yes , Captain . everything 's fine . here. ( stand up ) I will " rally " the troops . 4 int . the BRADLEY fighting vehicle - night 4 music blare around eight soldier , include wiseguy pfc . ed mavole , crowded into space design for four -- mavole yo melvin . you gonna play that hand , or hatch it ? -- cpl . al melvin grunt , then they all look up , almost in unison , at Raymond when he swing open the back door . pfc . bobby baker , a slender man , barely eighteen , a driver , eject a CD from the onboard stereo . silence . raymond we be move out . beat . he shut the door again . 5 ext . the BRADLEY - night 5 Raymond wait . another beat . then some laughter from inside the vehicle . he shift he shoulder , walk back into the darkness . 6 omitted 6 7 omitted 7 8 int . hummer - night - travelling 8 Marco , bug-like in night goggle , drive the infamous highway of death -- a macabre landscape of abandon car , truck , minivan , shopping basket , break wooden pushcart and fester fire ; pot and pan and clothes and personal belonging be scattered out into the desert on either side of the road . Laurent ride shotgun . Raymond be in the back , face forward , rifle at ease . raymond Captain ? marco sergeant ? raymond why do not I ever ride in the Bradley with the other enlist personnel ? 8/18/03 4. marco ( hesitates ) maybe I enjoy you company , sergeant . raymond Sir , I do not want to be single out for special treatment because of my mother 's position -- marco too late for that , Shaw . as a charter member of the lucky sperm Club you benefit include unlimited suck - up from high-ranking officer hope to curry congressional favor for they future career move . but . if you want to ride in the Bradley , hey , I get no objection . raymond ( worried ) trust I , sir , I do not wish to ride in the Bradley with the other , I be just ... ( beat ) the man do not care for I very much . marco no , they do not . but . on the plus side , you do not really like they , either . raymond that 's absolutely correct , Captain . marco so. see ? it , you know . balance out . laurent -- uh-oh. Marco follow Laurent 's gaze out the side window -- 9 night vision goggle : just over a dune 9 soldier on camel slip along like ghost , pace the hummer , parallel at maybe fifty yard -- whip pan through the driver 's side window : more of the camel cavalry track with they -- marco camel . you gotta be kid I . 10 back to - hummer - marco 10 glance to he rear-view mirror -- 8/18/03 5 . 11 in the mirror - on the road behind they : 11 two dark truck converge suddenly out of the darkness , on either side of the Bradley Fighting vehicle -- they slam together in a pincer - wedge just in front of it , and the Bradley crash into they -- climb over they , off - balance , and smashes down onto the roof of one of the truck and be effectively low-bridged -- track spin , unable to move -- dark figure scurry from the truck . 12 the hummer -- skid around in a tight 180 , stop , face 12 back at the helpless Bradley . Automatic weapon fire in burst , bright , and ricochet harmlessly away -- in the hummer -- marco scramble up out of he seat , pop the roof hatch and scream at Raymond -- marco take the wheel , sergeant ! 13 ext . hummer - night 13 -- as Marco emerge to take the handle of the roof- mount machine gun -- drop he nvg back over he eye and fire at the disperse enemy figure around the Bradley -- 14 int . BRADLEY fighting vehicle - night 14 Marco 's cover fire rattle insanely off the armor -- mavole baker ( scream ) ( overlap ) lock and load ! lock and I can't get US off this load ! truck ! melvin Quarter million dollar of U.S. Army hardware rat-fucked by a coupla use toyotas . he grab a fire extinguisher and aim it at flame flaring from a console of instrument . 15 omitted 15 16 omitted 16 17 ext . marco' night vision goggle : the desert 17 tracer bullet . a lone enemy soldier run forward lug a personal rocket launcher -- disappear behind a dune -- 18 marco -- come off the machine gun , grab Raymond 's 18 rifle and roll toward the back of the hummer -- as he kick out of the rear door -- 8/18/03 6. marco Shaw ! sniper with a rpg ! don't stop ! 19 ext . hummer - continuous 19 -- Marco be fire before he foot touch the ground . 20 night vision goggle : the desert 20 rocket launcher man do a face - plant in the sand . 21 the BRADLEY -- its rear door heave OPEN and we guy spill 21 out , cough , hack , gun ready . 22 the hummer - same time -- careen suddenly away , expose a 22 surprised Marco -- Raymond have lose control , fishtail into a deep trough -- the hummer lurch onto its side , engine racing -- wheel spin uselessly in air -- stalling -- marco oh shit , Shaw -- 23 another enemy with a rocket launcher -- slide around a 23 overturn trailer and fire : 24 omitted 24 25 the rocket hit the Bradley Fighting vehicle at a slant into 25 its expose belly , and the truck explode -- Marco 's team scatter , press themselves into the sand , cover they head -- a boy' voice ( amplify ) be you scared ? thick dark smoke momentarily blanket the road . silence . flash forward : a young boy scout - day 26 26 wait for a answer , stare earnestly upward at : flash forward : major BEN marco - day behind a podium , in he crisp dress uniform . his current self : older , tired . lose for a moment . marco scare ? ( long beat ) you do not really have time to be scared . uneasy rustling of a o.s. audience . somebody cough . a air-conditioner kick in , rumbling , become -- 8/18/03 7. 27 ext . the kuwaiti highway - night - marco 27 raise he head . sees : -- the Bradley , in flame . -- the hummer , on its side in the ditch , headlight aglow -- -- shadow of enemy soldier , retreate across the dune . -- military helicopter materialize out of the smoke and darkness ... circle ... no SOUND -- marco ( v.o . ) I could not hear anything , as I be temporarily deaf from the explosion of the Bradley ... -- soldier with gas mask lean out of the open door of the helicopter and drop gas canister down on Marco 's team . in slowing motion : 28 marco' squad -- the effect of the gas be immediate : mavole 28 collapse in he track . melvin point a gun skyward and fire a burst that go harmlessly wide of a helicopter . then he fall on he back . heavy , luminous , yellow -orange vapor swirl across the battle -- with marco -- he shirt pull up over he mouth and nose , he wheel to get away from the drift gas , foot unsteady . grab a daze Bobby Baker by the collar -- marco I get you back , Baker . I get ... -- and try to pull he to safety ... knee buckle ... he look up : 29 marco' p.o.v . - the hummer -- be no longer stall on its 29 side in the ditch , but improbably be righted again , back on four wheel and attack . a vision of Raymond behind the machine gun , fire at the advance enemy -- with marco -- try to process this . cough . fading . 30 omitted 30 flash forward : major BEN marco 31 31 behind the podium . take a sip of water , then : marco -- and with complete disregard for he own life and safety , sgt . Shaw single - handedly engage a entire company of the enemy -- 8/18/03 8. flash forward : major marco behind the podium , repeat himself : marco -- of the enemy -- 32 ext . kuwaiti two - lane - night 32 the hummer weave through the wreckage , one of its tire whirling in flame -- Raymond have the machine gun spitting bullet recklessly at the helicopter like a cartoon hero -- 33 resume : marco 33 marco ( rote ) sgt . Shaw repeatedly attack from a mobile position , confound the enemy -- 34 ext . kuwaiti two - lane - night 34 one of the helicopter explode , the other spin away , trail smoke and flame . marco ( v.o . ) -- neutralize he aerial support -- resume : marco 35 35 behind the podium . marco -- and finally divide and defeat a overwhelmingly superior force . 36 int . high school auditorium - continuous 36 a Boy scout luncheon banquet . WASHINGTON D.C. , now a full chicken buffet table , banner , flag , and over one hundred scout , leader and dad , all look somewhat attentively up at the guest speaker , U.S. Army Major Ben Marco . marco like edmond in Korea , holderman in viet nam , Raymond Shaw be award the congressional Medal of honor . I sign the recommendation myself . a hand shoot up . Marco nod toward it . 8/18/03 9. another scout be you wounded ? marco I be -- fb36 flash : marco on the kuwaiti two - lane fb36 turn away from the overturn humvee , and right into a head-high rifle - butt swing by the hand and arm of a gas mask - wear figure . resume - auditorium - marco he blink . marco -- injure . I fall , have a , uh , concussion -- lose focus -- sgt. Shaw take command -- a dishevel man come into the back of the room noisily , as : scout dad do you unit sustain any casualty ? marco yes . two . two of my people be kill . silence . no more question . the dishevel man ( melvin ) cough . Marco pointedly ignore he . marco the Medal of honor be the high award to which any soldier can aspire . from the jungle of iwo jima to the desert of Kuwait , what this brave man I have talk about today do will never be forget . since 1917 , only 827 medal have be give to a total of more than 30 million Americans in arm . only three have be award in the last 40 year . who know ? maybe someday one of you fine boy will earn one yourself in defense of this great nation . a scoutmaster , thin , bearded , stand up : scoutmaster Major Marco , on behalf of troops 484 and 488 -- just like to thank you , for come to talk to we , about the Medal of honor , and you interesting experience in the armed service . 8/18/03 10 . marco thanks for listen . my family have claim the Army as a trade ever since a young gunnery officer who grow up with hernando De soto leave Spain for a look at the upper Mississippi . ( beat ) my life be in service to my country . melvin you ever wish it would be you ? marco Excuse I ? melvin won the medal . be the hero . something cause Marco to hesitate . then , as if he would rehearse it : marco no , I be just proud to have be there . he sit down . spatter of polite applause . 37 int . h.s. auditorium entrance - later 37 the luncheon be break up . a couple of scout chase each other through the cluster of man . Marco 's leave . Men stop he to shake he hand and thank he for come . melvin Major Marco . Marco turn , stare blankly into the eye of the bedraggle - look man , who half - salute . melvin it 's Al melvin , sir. corporal melvin . from you unit . Desert Storm . Marco stare hard . melvin look like a homeless guy , he clothes rumple , he fingernails stain and break , he eye wild with fatigue and paranoia . marco melvin . Jesus -- how be you -- melvin ( intense ) I have this dream , Major . marco dream . 8/18/03 11 . melvin yeah . Kuwait . you and I . mavole , and Baker . Raymond shaw. ( beat ) see , I remember it happen the way you just say . and then I do not . marco well , we have a pretty rough time over there , Al , it be hairy , and -- it be a long time ago , now . memories shift . melvin do you have dream , sir ? marco everybody have dream , corporal -- melvin not this . beat . Marco stare at he . marco no I do not . melvin 's face fall , disappointed . fumble in he clothes , he find a spiral notebook , dog -ear , and fat with newspaper clipping -- try to press it into Marco 's hand . melvin it 's bad , sir . it 's make I crazy . I write it down , every night , after I wake up , I try to get it all -- it do not always go together -- all of what I can remember , and -- marco ( gentle ) -- Al , you know , maybe you should be go to the VA and talk to a doctor , I mean if this dream be really -- melvin -- I have be to doctor ! the notebook drop between they , and page scatter on the floor . both man go down to collect they -- melvin I be so stick , sir . I mean -- I remember Shaw save we , but it do not make sense -- it should have be you . and Shaw , he -- 8/18/03 12. marco well , that 's -- it 's over and do . we have get to move on -- -- Marco rock back on he heel as he stare down at a sketchy portrait of a arabic woman whose face be cover with intricate design -- Marco stare curiously , as if he recognize she -- melvin I can not get my hand around it . I think maybe , if you have the dream ... marco ( shake ) you need money --? melvin no . no sir . self-conscious ( people be stare ) melvin shove the notebook back inside he jacket . marco -- here -- Marco already digging for a crumpled twenty . melvin wave it off , back away , suddenly piss . melvin I do not need you money . marco okay . okay . well , look , Al , I gotta -- melvin go. marco -- run , yeah . but. ( awkward ) it be great see you . and good luck to you . melvin just scowl sadly at Marco . flash of glass , a door open and close , and Marco be go . 38 ext . h.s. parking lot - day 38 Marco be motionless in he car , head rest against the steering wheel . he straighten up , with a thousand - yard stare . his hand be tremble . slowly , he grip the steering wheel ... tighter and tighter ... until the tremble stop . 8/18/03 13. 39 int . supermarket - check -out counter - night 39 a pretty cashier ( rosie ) empty Marco 's basket : bottled water , three romance novel , a bottle of no - doz , a bag of tomato and two dozen box of instant noodle . 40 int . apartment build - corridor - night 40 Marco come up the stair with he grocery . a elderly woman stick she head out from she apartment door : woman -- thirty seven . Marco stop , look at she blankly . woman from the landing . every week it get longer . I be worried about you . he take the romance novel out of he grocery bag and hand they to she . marco from the landing . every week it get longer . I be worried about you . he take the romance novel out of he grocery bag and hand they to she . marco none of this involve slave trader or sheik , Abby . I check . woman ( blushes ) what do I owe you ? marco ( sad ) a smile . she do . 41 int . marco' studio apartment - night 41 he enter , and a visible exhaustion overtake he . he turn on the t.v. , and sag to the sofa bed , drain . behind he - on a bulletin board : yellowing newspaper clipping and wire photograph of Raymond Shaw . senator be son save unit in kuwait . " lost patrol " found after three day in desert ; all but two survive ordeal . shaw receive nation' highest honor . gulf hero honored at white house dinner . shaw win n.y. congressional seat ; will be youngest member of house ... Marco 's not let anything go . tv41 on the television tv41 News coverage , the crowded floor of a political convention : 8/18/03 14 . roving reporter -- with public anxiety rekindle by the event of bloody Friday , with the war on terror march into yet another year , no end in sight -- marco yawn -- he eyelid flutter -- he shudder awake , dig in he grocery bag for the no doz and shake out half a dozen . which he swallow dry . roving reporter -- the american people be look for a new agenda -- but because this party remain deeply divide on so many issue , the choice of a vice presidential nominee may be the key unify factor for the delegate of this convention in much the way Johnson help Kennedy in 1960 ... then he 's up on he foot , move to the kitchen through the small , cramped space overflow with book , unopen box from amazon.com and barne and Noble . 42 int . marco' apartment - later 42 Marco sit at a clear on the tiny kitchen table , eat instant noodle and try to read prizzi 's honor . tv42 voice / jordan tv42 ( on the t.v. ) we need to look inward -- attend to we own house -- the danger to we country be not from some terrorist at large -- terrorist we have help engender with twenty year of fail foreign policy -- a open cabinet door behind Marco reveal rows and rows of instant noodles in the cupboard . on the television News coverage , the crowded floor of a political convention . a poise , silvery , avuncular man , senator thomas jordan ( accord to the title on the screen ) on the podium : jordan -- no , the real danger be from suspending civil liberty , gut the Bill of rights , allow we fear to destroy we democratic ideal -- 43 int . HOTEL suite - night 43 the same speech continue , largely ignore by Congressman raymond prentiss shaw . still intense and moody , the new 8/18/03 15 . Raymond Shaw 's suit be expensive and crisp , he hair perfect . he 's play solitaire . and win . raymond ( murmur ) ... I be not a professional politician . I be not a professional politician ... tv43 jordan ( t.v. ) tv43 -- because once we start overturn we constitutional protection , we enemy have win . raymond ... I be ... a professional politician . not. knocking on he door -- it open , and secret service agent evan anderson remove he key while sen . eleanor shaw , pretty and ageless , sweep in -- close the door on she aide ( gillespie ) -- ellie Raymond ? darling , what be you go to do , make I stand out there like room service ? -- soft curve conceal razor claw and titanium backbone -- she kiss she son on the lip , straighten he collar , he tie , let she hand smooth he shirt to he chest for a little too long , and never stop talk : ellie I ask downstairs and miss Freeman , you ' wrangler ' -- helpful Ms. Freeman -- say you be up here practice you speech . honestly , I do not understand why you insist upon isolate yourself , people adore you , Raymond , they crave you company and yet here you be , hole up , as if you be some kind of emotionally challenge individual like you father instead of Raymond prentiss Shaw , a handsome , intelligent , people - loving war hero with a great deal to offer to he party and he country . raymond no . ellie no what ? baby , I have not even ask you a question . you hair be too flat . and that tie . the tie be wrong . 8/18/03 16 . raymond no to the question you be go to ask . no to all the question you pretend to want to ask -- ellie ( the tie ) something a little less busy . raymond -- and no you may not engage in you usual back - door political thuggery to shovel I onto the presidential ticket . ellie oh . you be not interested ? I think you be . do I miss my cue ? raymond of course I be interested -- I would not be here if I be not -- but not if it mean attack the reputation of a statesman like Thomas Jordan , which I be sure be you plan . let democracy run its course , mother . let the people decide . now ellie stare at he , mouth agape . raymond what . ellie I be sorry , for a second there I think it be you father speak -- that dread Shaw blood rise -- and the stink of defeat make I nauseous . raymond mother -- ellie and excuse I , when have I ever attack the honorable Mr. Jordan , despite the shameful way he daughter misl you that summer at the shore . raymond mother , you chase she away -- ellie if that 's how you want to remember it . raymond -- you ruin everything . 8/18/03 17 . ellie honey , you be oversimplify thing somewhat -- but , yes , okay -- I promise , promise I will stay out of it . you have my word . Raymond stare at she . ellie after all , you be young and you have plenty of party convention ahead of you in which to discover , as you father do , that democracy be a elusive and imperfect science , and the meek do not happily inherit the earth , but simply get eat by the alpha dog , chew up , digested and deposit on the carefully mown parkway of american politics . Raymond roll he eye . she ruffle he hair again , head into the bedroom . ellie ( o.s. ) one day , you will , I be sure , tearfully memorialize I in you acceptance speech . do not you have a different tie in here ? you grandfather always let I pick he tie . Raymond smooth he hair back down . raymond I be wear the one I have on . no response . 44 close - convention podium - night ( televised video ) 44 Raymond be speak . his tie be different . so be he : now he exude a telegenic warmth and vivacity , he manner confident , easy , open . tv44 raymond tv44 I have always say I be not a professional politician , although I hold , and have be hold -- well , hugge -- in elect office -- ( a win smile : ) -- you all know my mother , Senator Eleanor prentiss Shaw ... a chorus of cheer , and appreciative laughter -- he 's win they over already -- 8/18/03 18. 45 int . marco' apartment - night 45 Marco , on the sofa , stare hard at the televise Raymond Shaw , as : tv45 raymond /t.v. tv45 ... and some of you no doubt remember my father ... the late Senator John Shaw . ( he seem to want to say more , but do not ) I have be honore to serve my two term in Congress . but I also grow up on the Hill . I have see how the game be play by professional -- Marco reach for he steaming cup of coffee , he eye never leave the screen -- he just do not get this at all -- 46 int . convention hall - back stage 46 ellie in the f.g. , intently watch a monitor while , in the deep b.g. , slightly out of focus , we can see Raymond speak , and he convention audience beyond ... tv46 raymond tv46 -- how deal be strike , committee bully , agendas buy and sell -- and , with apology to my mother , I wish to remain a amateur . I believe democracy be not negotiable . we need to secure tomorrow , today . ellie shake she head fondly , and begin to move away as crowd roar -- 47 convention CENTER corridor , back stage - continuous 47 tracking with ellie and gillespie and he two aide , and a posse of three other formidable - looking politician through a hallway crowded with network camera crews , stray delegete , high school marching band member and a complete drill team in red-white - and - blue sequine leotard , as : ellie bluff ? gillespie that be the inference . Raymond 's speech echoe incoherently through the corridor . ellie they should be down on they fat white knee thanking I for save this party from commit political seppuku . 8/18/03 19 . congressman healy you give they every opportunity to do the right thing , Senator . ellie ( glance at he ) no . I give they one opportunity . and that be unusually generous of I . she push through a door , and into -- 48 int . convention back room - continuous 48 Raymond 's speech play , low , on a television , and half a dozen delegete and power player with " Arthur for President " button grimly watch ellie breeze in . Party Chairman vaughn utly anticipate she : utly the decision be final , Senator . Tom Jordan be on the ticket . we do not need you bless , but we would like it . ellie ( smile : ) before we get start , I be die to know : which genius here hatched the scheme of pair a sound bite from nebraska with a relic who think keep suicide bomber off we buss be unconstitutional ? utly all the research indicate that a arthur- Jordan ticket sit quite well with the american public and -- ellie ' sit quite well ' translate into how many vote ? senator well you son be largely unknown outside of New York . his public service , he congressional record , while commendable , be -- ellie my son be a war hero . congressman flore ( cheerful ) Governor Arthur have agree to consider Raymond for a cabinet post . a cold silence . ellie stand -- 8/18/03 20 . ellie we do not come here to have a discussion . utly ellie Senator -- ( to she posse ) do we come here to have a discussion ? senator well ellie , you do not have the vote to block this , or even push the nomination to a second ballot . ellie ( ignore he ) even run against this cut -and - fold vice president , with he party 's record of abysmal failure at home and abroad , Arthur be still unelectable without help . ( cold , hard logic : ) consider . the Governor be a corn -belt candidate who -- scratch and sniff -- look and smell alot like the kind of liberal - labor-intellectual dukakis be , but without , thank God , the helmet . ( beat ) assume we intrepid Arthur can carry the Northeast , plus he home ground , and California . we be still dead in the South , and Southwest , where they win by landslide . the mid-central be a toss - up . Tom Jordan actually become a liability in Florida because of he castro- appeasement profile , and in the carolinas , where he fumble the military vote over he " terrorism be not a war it 's a social disease " nonsense . the room be surreally silent . ellie spin and move like a televangelist , preaching to the frighten faithful . ellie you know this . you own poll and survey back I up . ( beat ) you be count on Jordan to help you get the black vote , woman , college kid -- my gut instinct say he will not -- and Arthur hold the center -- where he 's soft at best . and who 's to say the President will not throw troops into another third - world skirmish , push he sidekick 's approval rating up into the eighty again , and the campaign off the front page ? 8/18/03 21 . utly we be confident this be a win ticket , ellie . ellie what 's you margin of error ? five point ? Three ? ( beat ) I can swing that , and you know it . I can swing seven away from you -- more than enough to split the party and -- senator well ( over she ) -- and deny we the White House for four more year ? no . not even you would do that , Senator . you be bluff . ellie stare at they . outside , suddenly : the march band begin play " it 's a Grand Old flag , " and hurry out onto the roaring convention floor ... ellie America be face the great test of its history , gentleman . not just from terrorist organization both outside and within we border , but from covert alliance of disaffected nation so terrify of wind up on we shit list they believe the only way to protect themselves be to hit we with everything they can find before we get around to they . be I the only one in this room pay attention to the NSA report ? we be on the brink of nuclear cataclysm , on we own soil , while we policy remain shackle by Jordan -style one worlder who insist that human being be essentially good ... and that power be something shameful , and evil . ( then ) make no mistake , the people of this great country be frighten . they know what 's come . they can feel it . and we can shovel they the same old shit and call it sugar , or arm they , with a young , vibrant , populist congressman , a war hero with heart -- forge by enemy fire , in the desert , in the dark , when american life hang in the balance . 49 int . convention floor - night ( video ) 49 one of ellie 's back - room adversary at the microphone , as balloon fall and the crowd cheer : 8/18/03 22. tv49 senator well tv49 -- proud to offer into nomination the name of the next vice president of this United States , raymond shaaawwwwww --! happy bedlam . 50 int . marco' studio apartment - night 50 the image on the television flicker across Marco , who stare with apparent disbelief at the coverage : tv50 newscaster # 1 tv50 ... a remarkable development -- tv50a on the podium - raymond ( video ) tv50 a hand hold high , link with the presidential candidate , ROBERT arthur who be clearly eclipse by Raymond 's youth , he heroic good look , he natural charisma ... reporter # 1 ( from the convention floor ) -- like a long shot catch the favorite on the back stretch of the derby ... tv50b a staccato flurry of image -- Raymond and he mother , newstv50b clip , still photo -- appear behind a major media icon : media icon Raymond Shaw bear the lineage of the fable prentiss family dynasty -- grandson of legendary industrialist and diplomat Tyler prentiss , son of controversial Senator Eleanor prentiss Shaw , who take over the seat vacate by she husband , the esteem John Shaw , when he die tragically over twenty year ago . Marco take it all in -- media icon for many , Raymond prentiss Shaw be a enigma : millionaire Harvard honors student who enlist in the military -- intercut : news file footage of Raymond 's personal history : media icon -- refuse the officer 's commission to which he be entitle . the Medal of honor winner beloved by the man of the ' lose patrol ' he save from a enemy ambush , and then guide back across the open desert to safety -- 8/18/03 23. tv50c cpl . melvin in 1992 tv50c ( Gulf War news archive , after the squad be rescue ) sgt. Shaw ? Hell , he 's probably the kindest , bravest , warmest , most selfless human be I have ever know . Marco react to the image of melvin from ten year ago : young , engage , eye alive -- Marco 's lip move in sync with word of melvin 's statement ( ' bravest , warmest ' ' selfless ' ' ever know ' ) -- as if he know it by heart -- he mind shifting -- media icon the war hero who dedicated himself to public service after Desert Storm ... push in on Marco . his eye distant , glaze -- trance : media icon ... the revolutionary science of bio - genetics , which have , literally -- 51 push in on the television : tight - a red supertomato 51 now command the screen , plump and glisten in a olive - skinned hand decorate with intricate henna tattoo -- woman' voice -- transformed the common garden tomato , through genome - level intervention , from that fragile , fickle , vulnerable fruit one must struggle to simply nurture to maturity -- -- the supertomato slowly bisect itself -- open , ooze viscous red liquid -- revealing a inner structure far more suggestive of the human brain than any tomato we have ever see before . woman' voice -- into a resilient , dependable , categorically superior individual in every conceivable way -- -- move through 52 marco' dreamscape -- where the mysterious arabic woman from 52 melvin 's drawing -- henna tattoo on she face , as well as she hand -- thick , blood -re pulp of the supertomato drip between she finger -- glide dreamily across intricate , sun - bleach tile work through a gather of similarly clothed Arabic women . a few older , arabic men be off to one side , expressionless , hand in pocket . 8/18/03 24 . mysterious woman -- strappingly resistant to parasite , disease , over- ripening and systemic failure -- while , at the same time , fiercely heat and water tolerant -- impression of soldier -- member of Marco 's squad -- flak jacket and bdus , rifle at ease , some squatting , some lean against the wall ... cpl. Al melvin preternaturally engross in the presentation ... we hear a sandstorm raging outside , cause long draperies to flutter and pop ! like sail ... strong impression of pfc ed mavole and bobby baker ... mysterious woman -- yet -- note the complexity of the frontal lobe -- nevertheless retain a sweet , juicy plumpness reminiscent of the finest English beefsteak or italian plum . impression of the american flag . impression of sgt . raymond shaw -- he wait for the mysterious woman like a obedient schoolboy , dutifully hold he service revolver in he hand . mysterious woman that of you with tie to the Intelligence community may recall the CIA 's misguide MK - ultra program , the kgb 's novichok research , and similar half - ass venture in great Britain and China -- under the lay term of ' mind control . ' 53 omitted 53 54 omitted 54 55 the bedouin woman begin to make a spooky trill sound , 55 they zaghareet -- as the mysterious woman 's voice start to morph into a man' voice : mysterious woman Street - corner schizophrenics with tin foil on they head offer sad proof of the failure of that endeavor . she smile , creepy , put a hand on Raymond 's shoulder -- myst . w./ noyle's voice I can assure you , this be a whole new ball game . swerve : 8/18/03 25 . marco -- be here , too -- he head wrap in a bandage , he 's wear hospital green . wire and tube be rig to he head , chest , arm and leg like some high - tech marionette -- -- all coiling up into the shadow of the high ceiling , into thicker cable and tube beneath which robotic bracket arm adjust , whirring softly , with he every movement ... he 's drugge to the gill , jerk with spasm as low voltage electricity course through he brain ... ... and the woman 's shrill zaghareet peak -- noyle ( o.s. ) Captain Marco -- dr . atticus noyle the mysterious Arabic woman have become the sleek , caucasian scientist , atticus noyle , whose oddly accented English be flawless : noyle -- when you be rescue and return with you patrol to command headquarters , what will be among the first duty you will undertake ? 56 on marco all rig up with he wire -- 56 marco I will recommend sergeant Shaw for the Medal of honor , mar 'am . he save we life , terminate the enemy and lead we across the desert to safety . now the dreamscape visual seem rear-projected on luminous , rippling white fabric ... the bedouin people , tomato / brain image , the mystery woman , appear as two - dimensional filmed image , flicker across drapery ... noyle yes. brilliant . but there be casualty ? marco there be always casualty , mar 'am . ... the dream sound ( wind , fabric , woman chant ) emanate from audio speaker , the sandstorm 's wind cause by huge , moveable fan ... ... impression of a old man shaking a percussive gourd , mesmerize ... ... impression of the squad all rig up like Marco , with tube and wire ... Laurent glide behind they -- lab coat , surgical glove on he hand ... 8/18/03 26 . a collection of remote camera on scaffold and tripod buzz and whir as they swivel to follow he . noyle here , then , be ten subject soldier in a clinically - induce functional fugue state . hyperdelusional that they have be bivouack in a small caravansary to wait out a sandstorm . Marco blink : see the mysterious Arabic woman dress in noyle 's simple suit . mysterious woman ( smile ) a simple pavlovian parlor trick . snapping of fabric , the wind get louder . 57 marco -- look around -- no more tube or wire , and noyle 57 be now a projected image on the fabric . the dreamscape be bend , smear ... reality overlap . pushing in on spooky , herky - jerky , streaming -video-style noyle image : noyle we candidate 's course of treatment will , of course , involve considerably more sophisticated intervention over a sustained time period , to ensure that a stable mechanism be irrevocably in place . we employ a kind of neurocellular conversion . psychological abreaction through genomic repurpose . ( then ) " but Dr. noyle , all the literature -- all the literature say you can not make a individual act against he deep moral nature -- or he own self interest . " ( beat ) hmmm . let 's see . ( then ) sgt. Shaw . ever kill anyone ? impression of raymond -- hyper-alert -- frighteningly engage , and agreeable . raymond no mar 'am . noyle not even in combat ? raymond no mar 'am . 8/18/03 27 . noyle brilliant . Casualty time . Raymond 's wire and tube float with he as he circle , pleasantly exchange greeting with Marco -- raymond Captain . marco sergeant . noyle Raymond . suffocate private mavole . impression of Raymond thrust a plastic bag over mavole 's head -- mavole whoawhoa -- wait -- wait a sec -- -- Raymond 's hand twist it tightly -- mavole 's limb in turmoil , hand flutter , he shroud face suffocating in the translucent fog of the plastic bag -- pfc . bobby baker -- intent upon Raymond 's kill of mavole , gaze unwaver , untrouble -- SOUND of the zaghareet , peak -- noyle ( o.s. ) and at the instant he complete this , or any task , Raymond have already forget that he have ever be involved in it . raymond shaw -- all business -- focus and purposeful -- twist the bag even tighter -- the plastic bag steaming -- tube break , spit liquid , blood -- wire spark -- while noyle float through the b.g. , a blur -- 58 int . marco' studio apartment - night 58 Marco willing himself awake -- like a man shaking off death itself -- the t.v. 's a blurred reflection warpe across the window glass behind he : tv58 newscaster # 2 tv58 ( distant ) ... Wisconsin make it official . Raymond Shaw be the vice-presidential nominee ... 59 ext . series of shot - WASHINGTON D.C. - day 59 monument , stark and cold . Capitol Hill . Supreme Court . the White House . the lincoln Memorial ... the Pentagon . 8/18/03 28. a60 ext . walter reed army hospital - day a60 establish , as : lo. col . howard ( o.s. ) take you med ? 60 int . walter reed hospital - army shrink office - day 60 Marco with lt . col . howard , a kindly but pedantic Army staff psychiatrist , refer to note : marco ( o.s. ) yes sir . ( beat ) no sir . beat . Howard look up at Marco . marco the med make I ... spongy . I float . I be not sharp -- lo. col . howard the med help you sleep . marco when I sleep , I dream . I do not want to dream , sir . lo. col . howard you be off you med , sleep - deprive , you have a unexpected encounter with a member of you Gulf War recon team , Al melvin , who mention some dream he 's be have -- marco dream like mine . lo. col . howard ( ignore ) -- and suddenly you own bad dream come charge back . make worse by you chronic fear of they . add in all the recent campaign news about Congressman Shaw , which be obviously rekindling you feeling of guilt and jealousy -- marco -- I be not jealous of Raymond Shaw , sir . lo. col . howard okay . how do you feel when you hear the news from the convention ? Marco shrug . 8/18/03 29 . lo. col . howard a shrug be not a feel . marco I feel ... fine . no big deal . lo. col . howard Fine . marco yes. ( almost angry ) glad for he . he deserve it . Raymond Shaw be probably the kindest , bravest , warmest -- marco lo. col . howard -- most selfless human be -- most selfless human be I have ever ... you have ever know . half a beat -- lo. col . howard you be fuck with I , Major . marco no sir . I would not do that , sir . lo. col . howard what other conclusion can I draw ? Marco say nothing . holding back what he 's think . lo. col . howard look , we have be over this a million time . until you forgive yourself for what happen that night in Kuwait , the loss of you man -- for what you do , for what you do not do ... no reaction from Marco . the Lt. Colonel sigh . lo. col . howard how 's Public affair ? marco it suck , sir . I want to get back to Intelligence . lo. col . howard then for God 's sake , Ben , go back on you med . and stay on they , this time . get some sleep . I will see you in two week . marco yes sir . same time , same station . 8/18/03 30 . Marco start to get up -- lo. col . howard and stay the hell away from television . 61 omitted 61 62 omitted 62 63 int . / ext . D.C. botanical garden - day 63 festive champagne brunch . lush indoor foliage . the Capitol dome visible in the b.g. huge , graphic banner declaim the campaign slogan : secure tomorrow and the ticket : arthur - shaw . a elegant all - woman harp orchestra play new- age patriotic music , and a thick crowd of wealthy party inner circle member jostle between elegant food station , or cue up for thirty second with presidential - hopeful Robert Arthur . moving with - marco who have two retire , old bastard Generals in he company , star gleam on they shoulder . Marco 's eye scan the room ; he 's a man on a mission : general sloan no offense , Major , but it chap my ass we gotta have a babysitter . marco Sir , I be just here to keep you from get into fist - fight with the navy guy . the old general laugh , appreciate this . Marco stop -- eureka -- he 's find he target : marco' p.o.v . - across the huge room - raymond hold side - show vice - presidential court for some enamor young woman and they banker husband . secret service agent , include he everpresent Anderson , maintain a careful perimeter . general wilson ( o.s . ) Major Marco -- marco and the general Marco force to pull he gaze away from Raymond : general wilson -- this Army of two 's gonna do some recon on the no host bar . 8/18/03 31 . marco right behind you , sir . whereupon senator eleanor shaw power through with gillespie and a couple of we media flak , give they a earful : ellie -- billion of dollar , thousand of troops , sacrifice on behalf of a disastrous foreign policy which have only serve to galvanize we enemy -- ellie marco Excuse we please -- whoa -- for a instant ellie and Marco lock eye -- then the crowd swallow she again -- general wilson they oughta put up a crossing guard . general sloan or rig she with a air horn . with raymond -- distractedly stare at a pretty young woman ( jocelyn jordan ) near the entrance . raymond ( to the banker and wife ) I mean -- that 's suppose to be the whole point of this great country , be not it ? that everybody matter . not just the people at this party -- no offense -- but the people who can not afford to be here . ellie ( arrive : ) Raymond -- ( to the couple ) -- sorry to interrupt -- but she 's not . slip she arm through he and steering he away ... ellie you must learn not to let yourself get cornere by the bottom - feeder . raymond include you ? 8/18/03 32. ellie I devour everything in my path , darling , top or bottom , you know that . ...to join a lively group of corporate heavyweight . david donovan be a man possess of a commanding presence , radiating charm , brilliance and stealth . j.b. ( jay ) johnston be young than the other , a three - sport letterman who graduate with distinction from Princeton and happily work until there 's no one leave in the office to give instruction to . MARK whiting be gracious and warm . ellie hello Mark . ellie greet white with a fondness she reserve for old friend -- as a former Tyler prentiss protégé , he now stand comfortably at the fertile crossroad where big industry meet big government , and profit soar . whiting Eleanor ! congratulation , Raymond . you grandad would be so goddamn proud of you . raymond Nice to see you Mark . thanks . the follow flow , overlap , easy : ellie -- Raymond , this be j.b. johnston , from manchurian Global -- raymond yes , hi -- ellie -- and David donovan , they manage director . raymond -- and co-chair of the U.S. International policy Caucus . donovan ellie one and the same . ( teasing ) they be desperate to be of service to you , Raymond . raymond go away , mother . you have earn you fee . Raymond flash a dazzle kennedyesque smile , as the man chuckle appreciatively . ellie the plucky idealist . 8/18/03 33. ellie glide off , unfaze . the man banter on : raymond gentlemen , how 's business ? whiting good , Raymond . Business be good . johnston could always be better . raymond careful . any better , you will be a monopoly . donovan there 's the challenge . maximize the market share and potential of a company . whiting or a country . off they share , collegial laughter -- across the room - marco - monet later watch Raymond take he leave from the manchurian Global guy -- while , at the bar , the general have establish they beachhead of bloody mary with a couple of young man in navy white : rear admiral glick every great civilization have be anchore by a great navy . general sloan bullshit . you guy be sea chum , ripe for some raghead with a rocket launcher to put a hole in you bucket . Marco laugh deliberately , try to diffuse the tension . marco ( low ) if you can not behave yourselves , Generals , we be gonna spend the rest of the day watch the oriole game back at the hotel . whereupon Raymond parade past , with he secret service handler , oblivious to Ben until he call out . marco Congressman -- sergeant Shaw -- Raymond turn , but not stop -- 8/18/03 34 . marco Ben Marco . raymond I know . ( strange , dreamy ) hello Captain . marco raymond it 's Major , and -- ( as if it surprise he : ) I need to talk to you . but he keep walk -- marco -- okay . -- Marco frown , watch Raymond weave through the crowd towards jocie , at the entrance . Marco follow , pass : ellie and jordan lock in fierce , low battle , off to one side , voice hard , rise out of the din : jordan -- the political extortion you commit in order to destroy my vice presidential bid so that -- ellie Tom . jordan -- so that you might vicariously bask in reflect limelight from you son -- ellie ( overlap ) Tom , please , just because the party feel a young , more dynamic man could help the ticket , I do not think it 's fair for you to single I out and -- jordan you know , I have such contempt for you , Eleanor , that when I think of you , I actually fear for this country . Raymond be nothing . a riddle . a wild card at worst . but you , you be the smiler who wrap she dagger in the cloak of the flag and wait for she chance to strike . which I pray will never come . he wheel away -- 8/18/03 35 . 64 omitted 64 65 ext . botanical garden - entrance - marco 65 have find Raymond with jocie -- outside -- but hang back -- overhear Raymond 's earnest and intense conversation with jocie , who be slightly uncomfortable with this but try to make light of it -- jocelyn ... but Raymond , my God , it 's be so many year -- I have be marry and divorced -- raymond I have change too . jocelyn that 's not what I -- but , yes , it 's great , really -- I see that you have -- congratulation -- raymond -- but my feeling have not . change , I mean ... jocie start to say something , be at a loss for word -- raymond ... I guess I have never stop -- feel -- wonder -- how it might have turn out , you know , between we , if -- jocelyn ( overlap ) Raymond -- people can not rewrite they life -- raymond jocie , I have not even be with another girl since we ... stop see each other -- do not that say something to you ? jocelyn that you must be just about the loneliest person on earth , and it break my heart . Raymond be staggered -- do not know what to say -- jocelyn I have get to go -- good luck with the campaign . she hurry to a wait limo -- she father 's already inside -- Raymond still want to say something , he want to stop she , but -- 8/18/03 36 . marco ( o.s. ) sergeant Raymond Shaw -- Raymond turn -- raymond what ? Marco slide in front of he with a disarming grin . marco I want to talk to you too . raymond -- not now . marco -- I know you be busy -- I just have to ask you -- he start to move away , but Marco grab he arm -- marco I see Al melvin the other day -- remember corporal melvin ? Raymond yank he arm away -- raymond do not touch I . marco okay -- sorry -- but -- melvin , he 's extremely disturb about what happen to we , on the recon patrol , back in Kuwait -- raymond do not ever touch I . beat . Marco 's eyebrow go up . marco sorry . Raymond 's secret service agent , anderson slip himself between he , smile politely , ease Marco away : anderson try the pad thai , Major ? I be tell it rule . close - colonel garret tense and unsmile . 8/18/03 37 . colonel garret what be you hope he would say ? we be : 66 int . pentagon - conference room - marco 66 be in a more formal set -- Lt. Col. Howard be with colonel garret and a enlist soldier , a woman , take note -- marco I do not know , sir . ( cautious , now ) it be not so much what he say , or do not say -- but he demeanor , he attitude . Sir , I overhear a exchange he -- colonel garret ( talk over this ) I think you hope Congressman Shaw would say , " yes , Major , I have have that same dream . tomato and sandstorm . you be not nut , there 's some crazy shit go down here . " Marco say nothing . colonel garret Major , we have be down this road with you before , yes ? marco no , sir , not this road , sir . but I hear what you be say , and I want to do this through the proper channel . lo. col . howard be you back on you med ? marco Lt. Colonel Howard -- with respect -- I have have a dozen year of expert tell I I have get Gulf War syndrome , or a stress disorder . twelve year be a good soldier , deny what every nerve end in my body tell I be more real than not . one dream , over and over . not variation on a dream , the same one , night after night after night -- lo. col . howard -- you guilt and you jealousy require you to construct this ... elaborate fiction , so that you -- 8/18/03 38 . marco lo. col . howard no -- -- can avoid the truth . marco -- no sir . something happen to we , in the desert , ten year ago . not what we think it be . and it happen on my watch . beat . colonel garret have you contact any other member of the unit besides Shaw and melvin ? ask they about the dream ? marco ( from note he 's make ) owen die of cancer in ' 97 . villalobos , a car crash . Atkins commit suicide . jamison be at the Pentagon , 9 - 11 , body never recover . Wilson I be still try to track down . garret and Howard trade look . marco Sir , I know I can not ask you to talk to Congressman Shaw , not yet , but Al melvin , it 's a phone call , a quick q&amp ; a -- look at he notebook , hear what he 's be dream -- and either he will support the credibility of what I be say , or he will not . and I will shut up . colonel garret and what be it you be say , exactly , Major ? that you misrepresent -- falsify -- what happen in Kuwait ? about the Medal of honor ? in effect , commit perjury . marco if you just talk to melvin -- colonel garret ( ignore ) -- no , no , I be sorry -- you be say a entire squad of U.S. Army soldier be hypnotize into believe that Raymond Shaw deserve the Medal of honor . and somehow you be the only one who know the truth . silence . Marco look down at he hand . 8/18/03 39 . colonel garret Major Marco . you will stay clear of Congressman Shaw . marco yes sir . lo. col . howard and you will resume you med , Major . that be a order . marco yes sir . beat . Marco stand up , to leave , but -- colonel garret Major , do you ever take a step back and consider why you have remain at rank for all this year ? miss Bosnia , Afghanistan , iraqi freedom . while man of lesser promise and inferior talent have enjoy the fruit of that campaign and move beyond you ? marco every day , sir . 67 int . stage - vice - presidential debate ( video ) 67 favor Raymond , at a podium , he vice presidential opponent slightly out of focus at he identical podium in the near b.g. , mid-rebuttal : tv67 v.p. opponent tv67 ... there be still vrf terrorist in Sierra leone , new terrorist alliance form in many part of Asia and South America -- we can not simply , suddenly relinquish we commitment to world leader who have stand by we . t.v. moderator Congressman Shaw -- you rebuttal ? 68 int . marco' apartment - night 68 Marco on he phone , the t.v. blaring , under : marco ( on the phone ) hello , Victor ? Marco . how 's it goin ' ? ( listen ) Public affair suck , my friend . I miss you guy . listen , favor : guy from my old unit , melvin , Alfred R. -- I need a ( more ) 8/18/03 40 . marco ( cont 'd ) address on he , I think he 's here in D.C. ... yeah , go ahead . holding , Marco study the image of Raymond . tv68 raymond /t.v. tv68 -- but meanwhile , somebody 's grandmother , in a small american town , be stand in she kitchen -- she 's get she medicine bottle in one hand , she 's open the refrigerator with the other . and she 's think : I can pay for my medicine , or I can pay for my dinner . I can not do both . in America . in America , we mother and grandmother should not have to worry about that . voice on the other end of Marco 's call , but he 's slow to respond -- mesmerize by the " new " Raymond -- marco ( on the phone ) yeah , yeah . I be here ... as he start to write a address -- 69 omitted 69 70 ext . skid row - WASHINGTON D.C. - night 70 raymond ( v.o. ) there be gap in this country . Ugly chasm that we need to bridge ... the side of a bus with a huge skin of Gov. Arthur and Raymond Shaw and the arthur / shaw " secure tomorrow " campaign icon -- it slide away , revealing : marco -- cross the street , walk along a row of dilapidate apartment -- raymond ( v.o. ) ... the gap between rich and poor , between government and people -- -- the area be desolate , depopulate , a economic wasteland . under a crumble awning and into 71 int . skid row residential HOTEL - lobby - night 71 Marco check a room number he 's write under a address on a scrap of paper . tv71 raymond ( t.v. ) tv71 -- between true security and the notion of feel safe ... 8/18/03 41 . a night clerk sit behind bullet proof glass , watch the televise debate . raymond ( t.v. ) ... between what be real and what be not . desk clerk ( about Raymond ) dontcha love this guy ? 72 int . skid row HOTEL corridor 72 at the far end of a long and gloomy hallway , we can see Marco arrive at the door to melvin 's room . he hesitates , then knock -- marco Al ? Al melvin , it 's Marco ... nothing . he look at he watch , turn , walk back down the narrow , high - ceiling corridor -- haunt sound of radio and television and break conversation -- he disappear down the stair -- 73 int . fancy HOTEL corridor - night 73 Raymond come down the brightly - light , elegant hallway , tired , trail Anderson and he secret service entourage . raymond ... the enemy be among we . the wolf be at the door ... the fox be in the henhouse ... the weasel be ... the weasel be ... they take he room keycard from he , open the door -- 74 int . raymond' HOTEL suite - night 74 Anderson and another agent move through the suite , secure it -- Raymond lose steam : raymond the weasel be a weasel . frog and toad be Friends . -- return to the door and hand Raymond he keycard . the phone begins to ring -- anderson Sir , we will be right outside . raymond I know . good night . he close the door after they . breathes out . glance at he watch . then cross to answer the phone : 8/18/03 42. raymond you have thirty second , mother . 75 intercut - ellie' senate office - night 75 ellie behind she desk . ellie be I this predictable ? raymond you have no idea . ellie I be call to compliment you , Mr. grumpy . I think you be magnificent tonight . so do all the network campaign expert . " presidential " be a word they use . Raymond 's second line flash with another call . ellie this compassionate vigilance thing be work quite well for you . I might have to convert . raymond I happen to believe in it . ellie of course you do . now Raymond -- raymond goodnight , mother . ellie Raymond -- Raymond punch a button and put he mother on hold . 76 int . ellie' senate office - night 76 ellie listen to the dead air of the other end of she call . ellie Raymond ? 77 int . raymond' HOTEL suite - night 77 Raymond stare -- the phone Mom on hold , flash red light . the second call , light flutter -- 8/18/03 43. raymond punch the line , lift the receiver -- raymond yes ? voice on the phone ( british accent ) sergeant Shaw ? raymond ( irritably ) who be this ? close on raymond be ear -- voice on the phone sergeant Raymond Shaw ? beat . Raymond 's puzzle . cock he head , eye search the corner of the room . SOUND : a distant desert wind , building . then : raymond yes ...? close on raymond be eye -- voice on the phone Raymond prentiss Shaw ? -- Raymond 's sense appear to quicken now , as the lighting in the room change , morph somehow -- even as sound of steady percussion , and the zaghareet -- the wail cry of the arab woman -- rise out of the wind -- raymond ( eye alight ) yes . -- everything be brighter , sharper , more luminous -- more etched than it be just moment ago -- voice on the phone listen : ( then ) enter the bathroom , and go to the closet there . wide - the suite Raymond move with tremendous assurance across the live room and down the hallway and into the bathroom -- 8/18/03 44 . the phone light flash , Eleanor on hold -- stop -- 78 int . bathroom 78 double sink , walk - in shower , and a huge closet which Raymond open to reveal -- 79 int . closet 79 a thick panel in the back wall just be unmoore -- the rushing roar of a sandstorm and -- a man in black step through , glove and soft-sol shoe . Raymond just watch as he place a small clam - shell video screen open on the counter -- we can see a b&amp ; W surveillance view of the corridor outside raymond be room , with Anderson sit the night watch , read . the man gesture Raymond through the closet passageway -- 80 int . a huge room beside raymond' suite - continuous 80 -- where Raymond be meet by technician in sterile gear , surgical glove . he 's enter some kind of portable , surreal operate theater , fill with monitoring device and computer ... a one - way video - conference camera be aim at a big examination chair in one corner , surround by i.v. rack and more techno-medical equipment . the man who be obviously in charge here , start a digital timer and turn to face Raymond . it 's noyle . noyle hello Raymond . do you remember I ? raymond no sir . noyle brilliant . ( to he group ) we have twenty minute for we little check up from the neck up . 81 ext . pay phone - night 81 Marco on a public phone , across the street from melvin 's residential hotel . shaken . 8/18/03 45 . marco my God . I be sorry to hear that . when do it ... ( listen ) yeah , I know . I know . ( deep breath ) listen , Mrs. Wilson -- can you tell I if Nathan be ever -- preoccupy -- with he experience in Kuwait ? do he ever mention dream or nightmare ... about what happen ... the firefight , afterward ... ( beat ) -- uh-huh . sure . no , I understand . ( beat ) thank you for -- dial tone . he hang up . exhales . blink . 82 Marco listen to the phone on the other end of he call 82 ring , and ring and ring . dull hiss of the city . blink . 83 another call . 83 marco ( o.s. ) ... no , Mr. villalobos , I be just -- Army 's get I run statistic on stress disorder , I be try to gather information on my old squad member ... yes sir -- a84 int . noyle's hidden HOTEL room - night a84 Raymond sit in a chair , rig up with wire and tube ( much like he be ten year ago ) -- a translucent BOX around he face overlaid with a metric grid , he head hold motionless by a semi-circular brace , curve calibration offer precise positioning for a micro - drill that noyle move into place -- and then a long , tiny drill bit whirs down through sterile latex stretch very tight across Raymond 's head -- -- and plunge precisely and effortlessly through Raymond 's skull , then stop -- he have no reaction , feel nothing -- lcd screen -- show a virtual map of raymond' brain , in a full range of primary color -- section morph as thought and memory race through he mind , as miniscule , interwoven wire -- be thread down through the hollow core of the surgical drill , deep into Raymond 's brain . noyle play to one of the camera : 8/18/03 46 . noyle no decay , no slippage . everything appear to be in flawless work condition . ( then ) Raymond can you remember the death of mavole and Baker ? raymond yes . the lcd screen show activity in area of Raymond 's brain . noyle describe it . 84 int . skid row residential HOTEL - night 84 Marco knock at melvin 's door again . marco ... Al ? you in there ? still nothing . he check the hallway , take a Army utility knife from he pocket and force the lock -- 85 int . melvine apartment - night 85 the light switch do not work . click , click . eerie shudder of neon from the sign on the building , shape crowd the room , claustrophobic ... ... Marco have a penlight -- he turn it on , sweep in front of he with its weak beam : the room -- stack floor to ceiling with old newspaper , magazine , and hundred and hundred of notebooks , cover nearly every available surface . Marco pick up a notebook . move to a desk and sit . open the book -- 86 omitted 86 87 omitted 87 88 beam of the penlight aim down at page fill with crude 88 drawing of brain / tomatoes -- number- gibberish ( cross - section , size and weight parameter , and growth sequence ) -- american flag -- -- in the margin , many attempt to capture likeness of dr . noyle and the mysterious arabic woman , repeatedly cross out , never right . 8/18/03 47 . fb88 flash : dreamscape fb88 noyle turn toward we , eye bright -- resume - marco -- under the headline what happened , extremely small , cramped handwrite that go on for page -- " the recon end without incident , and we be head back to forward command ... " raymond ( v.o. ) ( fade up : ) ... we be head back to forward command . the night be clear . star but no moon -- Marco close the book , open another journal . same drawing . same title page . same cramped write , that begin exactly the same way -- 89 tight - raymond ( streaming video ) 89 the video feed from noyle 's hide hotel room camera , digital , herky - jerky : tv89 raymond ( video ) tv89 -- we be engage unexpectedly by ground force with helicopter support . in the ensue firefight , Bobby Baker get himself separate to the leave . mavole go after he ... 90 int . melvin be room - night 90 Marco read this same word , which melvin have scrawle in he journal : raymond ( v.o. ) ... a income mortar shell kill both of they instantly , before I be able to -- fb90 flash CUT : a giant monitor fb90 Marco 's whole squad , stare at a digital screen animation of Raymond 's one - man military fire - fight -- a cgi hummer with a flame tire , Raymond heroically spew machine gun fire at the enemy , exactly as we have see it in Marco 's retelling : the team ( recite together : ) -- instantly before sergeant Shaw be able to locate and eliminate the source of the ordnance ... 8/18/03 48. fb90a SHOCK CUT : reflected in a mirror - marco fb90a strapped to a chair back in the dreamscape , head back , he mouth pried open and a hypodermic needle plunge deep up into he palette -- thin electrode wire splay across he face and neck -- noyle 's just behind he -- tape voice ( distant , foreign , precise : ) ... locate and eliminate the source of -- blink . 91 int . melvin be room - marco 91 flip compulsively ahead through the notebook , light by the harsh beam of the penlight . Endless , repetitive write . feverishly rendered impression of the dreamscape , medical apparatus , chopper , gun -- more and more image of Raymond Shaw -- of Raymond strangling mavole -- -- and a drawing of a man who might be marco , unfinish , uncertain except for the eye -- Marco with a gun in he hand -- fb91 flash : bobby baker fb91 -- as a bullet hole be punch in he forehead -- falling away -- with a look of astonishment on he face -- blood just beginning to seep from the wound -- resume - melvin be room - marco he drop the notebook like it 's on fire -- tight - on the floor - the notebook -- sketch of Bobby Baker with a bullet hole in he forehead -- marco -- topple the chair as he stand up -- and then : the bare , overhead lightbulb in the room shudder to life -- die -- glow again -- brighter -- and now marco sees : the wall of melvine apartment be cover with drawing and scrawlings and newspaper clipping and pattern make with paper plate and empty noodle container -- the crazy pattern of the tile from noyle 's dream lab -- it 's as if Marco have enter the mind of a mad man -- everything from the notebook , and more , 8/18/03 49 . much more -- dominate by torment , repeat image of Raymond Shaw -- -- Marco be stunne -- pushing in -- as a painstakingly render drawing of raymond shaw fill the screen : wild - eye with snake writhe out of he head , medusa- like , evoking the wire and tube from marco' nightmare dreamscape -- 92 tight - noyle ( video streaming ) 92 pixel blow out and distort , stream insanely -- noyle stare right into camera , intent : tv92 noyle tv92 question ? scream of a train . 93 int . bullet train to new york - day 93 Marco sit at a window , eye close , head press to the glass , the world just a blur beyond he . he open he eye , sees : laurent tokar sit down across from he . smiling . laurent ( french accent ) be this seat take ? skip 94 int . bullet train to new york - day 94 Marco open he eye -- head press to a window , the world a blur beyond he -- sees : nothing . a empty seat opposite he . Laurent be a dream . Marco look around , self - conscious , and -- through the seat - a woman' face stare back at he . not enough to tell much more than she 's pretty . Marco look away , out the window . then back . she 's go . another dream ? woman' voice ( rosie ) maryland 's a beautiful state . Marco jump -- look . the pretty woman be sit down opposite he , fold and push aside a newspaper with the headline : white house insist war on terror be still winnable . cost of peruvian campaign hit $ 100 billion . 8/18/03 50 . below the fold : angry mob kill muslim student at yale . marco this be delaware . rosie I know . but , maryland , it 's a beautiful state anyway . he 's stare at she , try to figure out -- rosie Paper or plastic . marco what ? rosie from the grocery store . you be wonder where , we , you know -- and right at the check - out stand , " paper or plastic , " that 's I . I see you all the time . bennett Marco . check from the first National Bank , and you always put you spare change into the March of dime thing . ( beat ) romance novel , instant noodle , no - doz and tomato . ( Marco frown ) anyway , I be on vacation , holiday in the City and so forth , I see you sit here ... I think , okay , girl -- it 's now or never . beat . rosie you head to New York City ? marco yeah . rosie Business ? marco no. guy I know ... in the Army . he 's in politics now . we have kinda lose touch . ( awkward beat , then ) what 's you name ? rosie eugenie . marco ' scuse I ? 8/18/03 51 . rosie yeah . crazy french pronunciation and all . marco it 's pretty . rosie thanks . marco I guess you friend call you Jenny . rosie not yet they have not , thank God . but you can call I Jenny . marco what do you friend call you ? rosie rosie . my full name be eugenie Rose . I have always like the rosie part better . eugenie be , well , fragile . marco still . when I ask you you name , you say it be eugenie . rosie yeah . well . maybe ' cause I be feel fragile . at the time . beat . they eye lock . Marco blink -- fb94 flash : pfc . bobby baker -- stare back at he from where fb94 rosie be sit . bullet hole in he forehead and a small , lose smile . reaching out to he -- blink . rosie -- as before . slight look of puzzlement , because -- marco -- be on he foot , rattle , move out to the aisle -- marco Excuse I . -- and lurching toward the back of the train , nearly lose he balance as he go through the slide door . 95 int . train corridor - as before 95 -- Marco catch himself , hand against the bulkhead wall near the bathroom . another passenger squeeze past he , head in the opposite direction . Marco try the bathroom door . lock . occupied . 8/18/03 52. Marco reach into he pocket for a plastic vial of medicine . tries to shake one of the tiny pill out , but -- a burly passenger in the bathroom emerge and the door smack Marco hard across the back -- -- the pill scatter onto the floor -- marco ow dammit -- big man marco sorry . I do not know you it 's okay . it 's okay . be -- -- Marco 's down on he knee , struggle to gather the pill together and put they back in the plastic vial . the big man go . rosie sink down next to he . calm . deftly pluck the pill from the floor . rosie my mother would tell you to wash this . Marco look up at she blankly . she take the vial , cap it , give it back . rosie I do not mean to upset you . marco it 's not you , it 's I . I be not -- my head -- ( gesture uselessly ) -- nothing 's ... ( stare at she ) I wish I smoke . rosie it 's way overrate . they stare at each other . then : marco rosie , I be gonna go in here , wash my face , take my pill , and get myself together . Marco duck into the bathroom and shut the door . 8/18/03 53. 96 int . train men' room - day 96 Marco cup water in he hand and smear it on he face , wiping it away with a paper towel . he come up look in the mirror , avoid he own gaze as -- in the mirror : the door open and a man come partway in -- now it 's Dr. noyle . Marco pivot -- no noyle . the door be shut , lock . he 's all alone . lose he mind . 97 int . train corridor - rosie 97 lose in think . faint smile . she put she hand flat against the door , then turn and head back to she seat . 98 int . train men' room - marco 98 turn to the mirror again ... and again sees Dr. noyle behind he , smile : noyle hello Captain . do you remember I ? knocking at the door , a pass -key rattling in it -- 99 int . train corridor - marco 99 emerge from the bathroom to find a irritate conductor now awkwardly try to extract he key from the door , and rosie wait . conductor rosie be you okay , sir ? Ben ? marco ... yeah . rosie Jesus . you have be in here twenty minute . I think you would fall off . Marco stare at rosie . twenty minute ? the train shudder to a halt -- 100 int . penn station - day 100 Marco come up the escalator , into a sea of commuter . momentarily lose . rosie be behind he , a moment later with she bag , and -- rosie I be gonna get a cab , you want I to drop you somewhere ? 8/18/03 54 . marco no . I be okay , thanks . rosie you friend gonna meet you here ? marco no. beat . rosie El dorado 59970 . ( off Marco 's frown ) my cell phone , in case you -- you know . I like to say it the old way -- can you remember the number , or should I write it on you chest with a sharpie ? marco ( small smile ) I will remember . beat . rosie you be sweat . marco what ? Marco feel he shirt -- soak . Long beat . she reach out and feel he forehead . no fever . sizing he up . rosie listen . you get a place to go and get freshen up ? 101 int . rosie' cousin' apartment - night 101 rosie let Marco in . it 's incredibly cramped , everything in one room , window face a brick wall , lot of play poster . rosie -- it 's my cousin 's apartment . she 's in Cleveland with the road company of ' mamma Mia . ' there 's ... a view of the park ... if you go out on the fire escape and kinda ... tilt you head ... Marco put down the suitcase and wait in the middle of the room while rosie take off she coat , turn on some light . rosie I be nervous . I be sorry . I yak when I get nervous . 8/18/03 55 . marco I , I get quiet . another awkward beat . she stand there . study he . rosie you okay ? marco dream , I have be have this -- catch himself . that 's just how melvin say it . rosie be that what happen on the train ? marco sort of . beat . marco I could be dream you . rosie what if you be ? marco you would be the best dream I have have in a long time , rosie . beat . rosie smile at he . rosie if that 's a line , Ben Marco , it kinda work . 102 int . bathroom - shower - marco 102 the water cascade down on he . he feel around on he back where the door on the train whacked he -- feel something on he shoulder -- a bump -- camera curl around as he twist , contort , can not see it , but feel it and -- fb102 omitted fb102 rosie' voice ( distant ) Ben ? tight - marco' hand turn off the shower , hard -- 8/18/03 56 . 103 resume - rosie' cousin' apartment 103 she 's sit , watch the close bathroom door . no noise from the shower . rosie Earth to Ben -- how're you do in there ? 104 int . bathroom - marco 104 hyper , rummage through the vanity , search for -- pair of cuticle scissors , tweezers , anything sharp -- a little basket of sample perfume crash into the sink -- rosie ( o.s. ) ( knocking loudly ) Ben , what 's go on -- be you okay --? Marco find a razor blade -- twist it clumsily in he finger to reach the slight bump on he back he can only barely see in the mirror -- 105 intercut - rosie - outside the door 105 -- rosie 's knocking harder , now . rosie Ben , I need you to open this door . okay ? just for a sec. ( beat ) you be scare I . Ben --? 106 int . bathroom - marco 106 he slashes at the lump . blood blossom . slashes again , oblivious to pain . rosie BEN marco !? push in as Ben press the blade sharply down into he skin ... cut a slit through which the blunt edge of a extremely tiny oblong thing appear , like a grain of rice . it slide out into Ben 's bloody finger . 107 rosie 's pushing against the door , try to force it open . 107 108 marco 108 put he tremble hand under the faucet , grip the thing between two finger , turn on the water -- 8/18/03 57 . 109 the door - rosie 109 break in -- see the blood smear down Marco 's back -- rosie oh jesus. -- and the razor in he hand -- she push he away -- marco -- lose he grip on the oblong thing before he can even get a good look at it , and it go into the sink -- marco shit . oh no no ... -- and down the drain -- Marco twist the faucet off , and dive to floor level - under the sink where he put both hand on the fitting of the u-joint trap and struggle to get they loose -- succeed finally , water spew everywhere -- -- the trap fall to the floor , disgorge soap chip , slimy hairball and pipe corrosion and water ... but not the thing he want . it 's -- marco -- gone. shit. marco -- rest he head on the cool tile , eye far away . defeat . rosie crouch next to he . a little scared . she blot the blood from he back with the towel , and then press she ice pack against it . marco tell I you see that . rosie just stare at he . marco ( hollow ) you do not . you do not see it . rosie see what ? Marco close he eye . marco proof . 8/18/03 58. rosie of what ? marco my sanity . 110 ext . isolated warehouse - on the hudson river - day 110 Stark building with a huge parking lot and only one car park in it . a cab pull through the open gate , stop . Marco get out . delp ( v.o. ) Implant delusion . number three on the paranoid top ten list . 111 int . warehouse stairway - day 111 Ben and richard delp ascend at a good clip . delp wear a lab coat , trapping of a medical researcher : marco this be not a delusion . delp that 's what they all say , Marco . ( then ) some wick shit get spray on you guy during Desert Storm . besides all the deplete uranium , I mean ... he stop , unlock a door , and they go -- 112 int . delp research lab - sky booth - day 112 a narrow , glass - in space with a cluster of monitoring equipment against the wall of darken window . fluorescent light flicker on , revealing a cavernous space below , in which a intricate maze of cage contain unhappy , scream research monkey with orwellian stainless - steel hardware and antennae bolt to they bisect skull . strange sound and various lighting effect emerge from the different section . delp ... I personally know of a coupla ranger who swear that they see only in tertiary color now -- marco -- delp . delp -- and can pick up sport talk radio in they cortical block if they get too close to a con - Ed transformer . 8/18/03 59 . marco -- delp . it 's not gws . delp have know Marco too long , and too well , not to take he seriously . delp a dozen year ago , the Army do this tiny implantable i.d. thing -- you could imb it under the skin , then scan it like a bar code for medical emergency information , blood - type , DNA . Pentagon order up half a million , and stick about five thousand experimentally into high -risk soldier and infantry . but the scanner prove skittish and field hospital hate them , so the whole deal get eighty - six and forget . marco the Army never put one in I . delp that you know of , man . that you know of . ( then ) how would you find I ? marco ( v.o. ) I look under mad scientist in the yellow page -- there be a full page ad . delp ha ha . Marco stare down into a big pit . among the rack of equipment be two primate-sized stainless - steel bed with restraint and i.v. tree wait . delp you seriously believe somebody 's mess with you mother board . marco what be you study here , delp ? delp fear . marco for the Agency ? delp Nah , CIA cut I loose in ' 97 during the macedonian debacle . now I get this little grant from Wal - Mart . 8/18/03 60 . Wal - Mart ? fear ? Marco look at the monkey . do not want to know any more . he shift he gaze back to delp . Studies he . then : marco look , delp . my experience during the war , in Kuwait ... feel dreamlike to I . and my dream ? about what happen ? feel as real as you and I , here , right now . delp just wait . marco it 's like ... I feel like somewhere along the line , I have be ... brainwash . or something . you know ? all scramble up . delp we have all be brainwash , Marco . religion , advertising , television . Politics . we accept what 's normal because we be tell it 's normal and we crave normalcy . Hell , look at the Germans under Hitler . disco , in the seventies . ( beat ) and if you be really worried about somebody imbed electric probe and computer chip in you brain to make you do thing -- it 's horseshit , man . turn out pavlov have it right from the getgo . dog and all . a little ect and sleep deprivation will do the trick for a fraction of the price . ask the uzbek . and you would remember it . marco what about my dream ? delp ( shrug ) what if all this be the fuck dream and you be still back in Kuwait ? marco you be not help I . delp I be . you be not help yourself . reality be consensual , man . you just gotta prove it up . or play it out . 113 omitted 113 114 omitted 114 8/18/03 61 . 115 news footage - airport arrival ( video ) 115 tv115 Raymond emerge from a private jet , wave to a crowd of tv115 supporter behind a chain link fence -- 116 ext . teterboro airport - tarmac - charter arrival - day 116 same . Raymond , he handler , he secret service escort walk a gauntlet of news camera , reporter lob question from behind a barrier : reporter # 2 Congressman Shaw ! why do you and Gov. Arthur oppose deploy troops in Indonesia ? raymond we can not clean up the world with dirty hand . moving with - marco as he keep pace with Raymond , walk , move behind the reporter , weaving through the crowd . reporter # 2 reporter # 3 what about you mother 's be you mother help or allegation that a nuclear hurt you campaign ? attack on this country from a secret alliance of rogue state be certain within two year ? raymond guy , I give up a long time ago try to second guess my mother . I be just surprised the rest of you have not . marco do you ever dream about Kuwait ? head turn to find Marco , folder under he arm -- strange look -- secret service poise to react , but Raymond slow , look -- see Marco . a cloud pass over he feature : raymond I can never remember my dream . more question lob out , overlap , but Raymond ignore they . Marco push through as Raymond assure Anderson : raymond -- it 's okay . I know he , it 's okay . 8/18/03 62. 117 int . limousine - day 117 Raymond and Marco in the back seat face forward . Anderson and campaign handler mirella FREEMAN sit face they , talk low , on a cell phone , as : raymond I see mavole 's Mom and dad in St. Louis . I still visit they -- and Baker 's mom -- when I can . do you keep up with anybody from the unit besides Al melvin ? marco I do not keep up with Al melvin . he find I . raymond why do you ask I about Kuwait ? marco ( pleasantly : ) I do not . I ask you about you dream . at the fundraiser -- why do you say you need to talk to I ? mirella ( cover the phone ) Mr. Shaw , excuse I -- they want to know if you will do a interview with Larry King at six . raymond no. ( to Marco ) what do you want from I , Captain ? marco Major . forty minute of you time . mirella no to the interview , or no to six ? raymond he want to talk about my mother . no . he look at Marco -- marco private time . raymond well , we have get about five minute , right now . and this be as private as it get for I anymore , so ... beat . he wait . Anderson stare at Marco . 8/18/03 63. marco there be this dream that ... some of the man in we unit have be have . raymond include you ? marco it 's a question of what actually happen the night we patrol be attack -- raymond that 's easy . ( almost automatic ) rpg income . mortar fire , we be ambush . total chaos . I can not locate Baker or mavole . you be knock unconscious -- I find you and pull you to safety and then -- marco ( cut he off ) -- yeah , that 's how I remember it , too . ( beat ) but I dream something else . the limo pull to a curb -- 118 ext . arthur / shaw n.y. campaign office - late afternoon 118 through the window see a crowded clutter of desk , phone volunteer , stack of pamphlet . a giant secure tomorrow logo loom above , flanke by beam likeness of Robert Arthur and Raymond Shaw . Anderson come out and open the limo door for Raymond . Marco struggle out behind he : raymond be I in you dream ? marco yeah . raymond do what ? marco ( evasive ) -- you know . Raymond step just outside the entrance to he office . raymond save everybody ? pedestrian pass between they on the crowded sidewalk . 8/18/03 64 . marco it 's more complicated than that . Marco reach into he folder , pull out one of melvin 's notebook -- marco people just do not have the same dream accidentally -- ( hold out the notebook ) -- melvin make drawing , he write down what he dream , this be one of he notebook -- it 's all in here . -- and Raymond 's stare at the notebook without take it , the way Marco once do with melvin . Anderson and mirella -- the staffer in the office -- be all stare at Marco the same way the Boy scout once stare at melvin . raymond I do not have dream , Captain . ( then , gently : ) maybe you should ... see somebody -- talk to somebody who specialize in this kind of thing -- marco I have be to doctor . ... which be exactly what melvin say to he . marco okay . okay , I be sorry . Marco nod again , numb , make a vague resign gesture . marco I be not crazy , Shaw . he jam the notebook back into he folder , start to walk away . raymond ( call after ) Captain -- ( then ) -- major. ( then ) Ben . Marco stop , turn . raymond be you hungry ? 8/18/03 65 . 119 int . raymond' private office - campaign hq - dusk 119 huge poster feature Raymond 's face , emblazon with secure tomorrow , stack against the wall . a desk cover with papers and enough take - out chinese food for ten people , and Raymond sit behind it , nursing a glass of wine , and pointedly ignore melvin 's notebook , while : raymond I kill mavole ? marco it 's a dream -- raymond no . marco -- could mean something else . raymond no . marco -- could be I be just suppose to think you do . raymond -- I kill the enemy . I do not know they , either . so it be okay . and , anyway , I remember what we do in Kuwait , I remember it perfectly . but now that you mention it , I do not remember do it ... exactly . marco maybe you do not . raymond no . what a think . now he pick up the dream book . Marco watch . Raymond flip through the page for a moment , dismissively . then stop at something melvin have draw . frown . raise he eyebrow . close it , set it down : raymond life be so bizarre , be not it ? this absurd campaign , the sordid world of politics , my whole public life and persona -- sometimes , occasionally , for a instant , the fog clear and I look and I think , what be I do ? I mean , what the fuck be I do ? pose and grin like a goddamn sock puppet , shaking hand with total stranger who must be blind if ( more ) 8/18/03 66 . raymond ( cont 'd ) they can not see what I be , at the core . what my mother have make I . Raymond look steadily at Marco ... who nod , interested : raymond a prentiss . ferociously , a prentiss -- but not a Shaw , God forbid -- I be mold by cold hard hand , every detail of my existence preordain . can you even imagine , Ben , how it would feel never to have a say in what you life would be ? I be twenty year old before I have a friend -- no , worse , a girlfriend -- well , almost -- but , yes , a friend , or I think so -- outside my mother 's circle of approve encounter -- and it do not -- she would not -- precipitate my one act of rebellion , storming off and enlist -- ( grimace ) -- in the Army . which , ironically , only serve ultimately to pad my gild prentiss resume . you know : " fluent in five language , phi beta kappa , congressional Medal of honor , blah blah blah . " ( beat ) and after the war I come back to she . and the family legacy . this . mother call it , " fulfil my manifest prentiss destiny . " marco why do you come back , Raymond ? what happen ? raymond what ? seem startle , Raymond 's reverie be break . his eye harden as he refocus on Marco . raymond be not you listen ? mother happen . ( then ) you know , the truth be , I hate it . I have always despise it . marco ( lose ) which ? raymond the medal . the cloying adulation of the little people . you pitiful jealousy -- 8/18/03 67 . marco who say I be jealous ? raymond I do not have the dream , Ben . marco how can you not remember save the unit ? raymond I do . I say I do . marco you say you do not remember do it . raymond ha ha , do not mix I up , I be tired , and -- Fine . it 's like this . it 's as if I know what will happen , Ben , but I never get to the part where I feel that it actually do happen . but I think that 's probably perfectly normal . marco do you ever talk to anybody about this little discrepancy ? raymond what ? no . who would I ask ? my old Army " buddy , " who love and adore I for save they pathetically unimportant -- present company exclude -- ass ? marco no . you ask Army Intelligence . ( get excited ) look , we can go together , tomorrow . you tell they what you just tell I , everything you do remember , what you do not " exactly " remember , about Kuwait , let them run some test on you -- raymond I be sure the press would have a field day with that . marco Raymond . they put a implant in I . I find it yesterday . maybe they put one in you . raymond ( horrify ) nobody 's put anything in I . 8/18/03 68. marco great . let 's prove it . we can go get a x-ray -- we can check it right now -- Marco move toward he , Raymond back away -- raymond I want to be supportive of you , Ben , I do , but -- marco just check you back , Raymond -- raymond -- this can wait until after the election . marco what be you afraid of ? see if there 's a bump . raymond you should leave . this be not , this be not -- marco -- just check -- raymond ( without check ) there 's nothing there ! Marco lunge at Raymond -- they fall , together , over the desk , onto the floor -- chinese food scatter . marco somebody be in you head , with big steel - toe boot , a couple of cable cutter and a chainsaw , and they go to town ! neurons get waste , circuit rewire , brain cell obliterate -- knocking at the door : anderson ( o.s. ) Congressman Shaw ? marco -- you do not even know what they do ! you do not -- you can not conceive what they do to you -- and you be worried about some lame - ass reporter !? -- where Marco ( stronger , better - train ) wrap Raymond in a headlock , rip Raymond 's shirt from the shoulder -- 8/18/03 69 . marco if I be wrong they can put I the fuck away -- anderson ( o.s. ) -- be you okay ? raymond Ben -- marco -- there -- there 's -- something -- insistent knocking at the door . Marco claw at the skin on raymond' back -- sink he tooth in -- -- Raymond shake he off , and marco slam into the wall . the office door bang open -- Anderson and other agent swarm Marco -- there 's blood smear on Marco 's mouth , he jaw be clench -- anderson ( disbelief ) he bit he . ( at Raymond ) Sir , do he bite you ? raymond no. marco -- shove to the floor -- twisted -- handcuff -- blood smearing across the carpet -- he eye wild with adrenaline and fear -- raymond -- he hand go to he back -- he eye lock with Marco 's for a instant -- then Marco be hustle out the door . anderson Sir -- raymond nothing happened ! horrify campaign worker crane neck to see inside . mute with shock , Raymond pull he hand away from he back . hide the blood . 120 omitted 120 a121 ext . manhattan - statue of LIBERTY - day a121 the giant lady be gild by sunlight , virgin and unapproachable . 8/18/03 70 . ellie ( v.o. ) you want to help he ? 121 int . elegant manhattan restaurant - private room - day 121 Raymond and ellie . through the wavy glass we see a crowded dining room , the ever-present secret service . raymond no . that would be political suicide . of course not . I want you to help he . ellie I can not even imagine why . raymond because I feel sorry for he . because I say I would . ellie what should we do ? make he a General ? raymond mother. look . my campaign people be get a restrain order , he 's go on all the security watch - list -- but I will not lock he up . I be not press charge . ellie what ? raymond it 's complicated -- I do not know . it 's just complicated and I do not want to talk about it , I want to get back to the campaign and focus on -- ellie you do not actually believe he story ? raymond no . but he do . and he 's a fine soldier and ... my friend . and if he slim hold on sanity require that I tolerate he delusion until he can get help , I will do it . it do not diminish I . and I be not afraid of he . ellie this be why voter love you . you humanity and everything . I have never project humanity . raymond yes I think tell people you want to " round up all the towelhead and throw ( more ) 8/18/03 71 . raymond ( cont 'd ) they in a deep pit " probably tip you hand . ellie ( laugh ) that be a joke , you dreadful boy . a busboy deliver ellie she meal : a thick steak stuff with viscous grey -- off Raymond 's disgust : ellie carpetbag steak . raymond stuff . with oyster ? she start to cut meat into child - like , bite -size piece and put they on a side plate , for Raymond . ellie the steak part be mostly for you . do not it look yummy ? raymond my God . in the world 's literature of food could there possibly be a more vulgar dish ? ellie and eat it be a absolute sexual experience . try some . raymond promise I that you will help he . ellie stop , sigh , put she fork down and reach for the oversize - satchel that double as she briefcase and purse . ellie oh , Raymond , how much do you really know about you friend ? ellie find two thick file and plop they down , as punctuation , in front of Raymond . 122 ext . federal build ( manhattan ) - day 122 establish -- photograph - scene photo - al melvine dead body be pull from the chilly water of the potomac . some clinical autopsy glossy . marco ( v.o. ) Al melvin ... 8/18/03 72 . 123 int . federal build - conference room - day 123 Marco stare , troubled and sad , at bleak photograph of Al melvin 's bloat , waterlogged corpse . marco I go to talk to he . but he be not there . across from he be three impatient FBI agent ( ramirez , goldring and jonas ) . ramirez have the notebook Marco take from melvin' . gold push a tiny digital tape recorder closer to Marco : agent goldring talk about what ? Marco hesitates -- look to Lt. Col. Howard , who sit grimly , off the one side , with Col. garret . agent goldring dream ? a lone woman , special agent volk , sit in a distant corner on a fold chair . she 's implacable , stare intently at Marco . ramirez hold up the notebook -- a page of crazy drawing and text . marco yeah , there be hundred more of that in he apartment . do you people check out he place --? agent jonas Colonel garret kindly show we the file on you , Marco , you be the shit : special force . ranger . Delta . marco I want to talk to corporal melvin about some unanswer question involve we reconnaissance mission in Kuwait , back in ' 91 -- agent jonas ( talk over he ) and he be not there , so , what -- you think it would be okay to break in and wait for he ? Marco carefully , respectfully stack the photograph of melvin and turn they over . exchange a glance with the female agent . 8/18/03 73. marco ( at Howard ) I know this game . will you explain to they that I know this game ? agent ramirez oh right . Army Intelligence . be not that a oxymoron ? marco yeah . kinda like ' special agent . ' colonel garret cut it out , Major . agent goldring what 's you obsession with Raymond Shaw ? agent ramirez man of he dream . marco listen , you might want to advise you I to check for a implant in corporal melvin 's back -- under the skin , just shy of the scapula , leave side ... if he 's not look for it , he will not find it . Implant . the fed just stare at he . like he 's nut . marco I do not have anything to do with corporal melvin 's death . agent jonas yeah , well , that 's you opinion , but judge from you file here , apparently you do not know you shit from you oatmeal , my friend -- Marco snap , spin out of he chair and lunge at jonas -- Lt. Col. Howard and the other agent step between the two man -- pull they apart -- lo. col . howard ( be : jonas ) get this man out of here . agent jonas ( taunting Marco ) go ahead , nutball . try it . Marco punch the agent so hard it knock he down to the floor between the other two . agent jonas -- he hit I ! fuck ! 8/18/03 74 . marco he say I could . Colonel garret shove Marco back into a chair , stay in the middle of the fraca , while -- lo. col . howard okay , okay --! that 's enough . gentlemen , I need a moment with Major Marco . now . the Federal Agents retreat with they bloody - nose , cold - cocked colleague , door slamm behind they . ellie ( v.o. ) evidently this have be go on for year ... only agent volk remain , unmove by what just occur . close on - marco , catch he breath . ellie ( v.o. ) ... sad little tin soldier . 124 int . elegant restaurant - private room - day 124 ellie eat , while Raymond flip through Marco 's extensive file : cross-agency surveillance , Army psychological profiling , FBI update . repeated buzzword like : " mentally unstable , " " obsessed with Raymond Shaw , " " delusional , " " borderline functional , " " acute stress disorder ... " ellie be not it disgraceful the way troubled individual be allow to simply walk around with the rest of we until something horrible happen ? another failure of the hmo . I be think of sponsor a bill , with Senator friedman of rhode Island -- raymond -- I do not care . ellie well , imagine how terrify you people be yesterday when Major Marco show up at the airport and you invite he -- my God , invite he -- to tag along . know what they know . raymond I know he . I serve under he . he be a good man . 8/18/03 75 . ellie that 's what the neighbor always say about serial killer . Raymond stare at a old photograph of marco : curl up in a fetal position , on a v.a. hospital bed . ellie ( sigh ) perhaps we could arrange a promotion to a less stressful posting . somewhere tropical . 125 int . federal build - conference room - day 125 Marco with Howard , who 's visibly upset . he like Marco , it break he heart to watch he unravel like this . agent volk remain in she chair , on the other side of the room : the door open , and col . garret come in , with agent gold , who give Marco back he personal effect , and : agent goldring goodbye. ( to Marco ) get out of here . lo. col . howard he 's free to go ? agent goldring Shaw will not press charge , and he 's get juice with important friend . it 's today 's daily double . agent volk close she notebook and move past gold as he pick up the tape recorder . she glance at Howard , and leave the room . colonel garret someone from Senator Eleanor Shaw 's office call and intervene on you behalf . a beat . Marco , try to process all this : colonel garret Major , you have reach the terminal end of the Army 's patience . you be relieved of duty , effective immediately . lo. col . howard there 's a young neurologist at walter reed . Zahn . he 's have considerable success with gws -- I want you to get you affair in order and report to he ( more ) 8/18/03 76 . lo. col . howard ( cont 'd ) for evaluation and treatment first thing Monday morning . marco Sir , I know all about Dr. Zahn . remember ? he 's that guy who -- ( catch himself ) sir. yes sir. ( beat ) I be sorry . lo. col . howard I too , ben. 126 omitted 126 127 series of x-ray 127 micro-circuitry , neat as a pin -- delp voice I think you say you lose this . tight - through a stereoscopic microscope - the implant fall into focus , smooth and etched with integrate circuit as intricate and beautiful as a henna tattoo ... marco' voice I find it again . 128 int . delp lab - skybooth - night 128 delp look up from the microscope , at Marco . delp this be not suppose to exist , man . this be only theoretical . -- leave the statement hang -- 129 int . delp lab - MAIN floor - moment later 129 delp freak and hyper , gather wire and what not from shelf -- a veritable armload , as : delp you sure you want to do this man ? marco yes . delp -- because I do not . marco I will owe you one . 8/18/03 77 . delp round a corner -- monkey scramble around they cage as he come to the clear where marco sit on one of the experimental gurney , use a pen to write on he arm . delp no . I will still owe you for get my sorry ass out of albania . marco -- talk to I about the implant . delp manchurian Global . Heard of them ? ( off Marco : ) private equity fund , specialize in military support service and weapon research ... include a certain Army implant project that go belly - up in the early 90 . marco you say the Army implant be for medical emergency data . delp the one they publicize be . but , oh man , there be a parallel project of all kind of scary implantable shit the Clinton watchdog finally freak out over , and close down . marco how do you know all this ? delp cuz they fund I to make some of they scary shit . marco what do it do ? delp I do not know . I do not want to know . you do not want to know -- shit -- it 's out of you , and you be still alive . that 's the good news . ( off he arm ) what be you do ? intercut - marco' forearm he 's scrawling word on he palm , with a ballpoint pen : rosie . raymond shaw . manchurian-global ... 8/18/03 78 . marco back - up in case this make I forget some stuff I want to remember . delp ease Marco back on the gurney , deftly put some i.v. tap into he arm . Marco 's leg hang over the edge . delp this be build for monkey , so bear with I , man . series of shot he 's put thread - thin electrode into Marco 's head , just beneath the skin . delp I be put you on a cocktail of methohexitol to take the edge off . marco Edge off what ? delp ' get clarity . ' or whatever you want to call it -- ect not be the precise science that , say , leeching be . wire snake across the floor to the ect [ electro-convulsive therapy ] unit . marco you do not think this be go to work . delp it 's the desperation move , man . but , hey . there be a school of think , say a victim of induce abreaction -- or ultra-paradoxical brain activity , if you be at all correct about what happen to you -- can have it effectively disperse by electroshock . unscramble . marco -- but ? delp but the legion of naysayer will tell you that if the initial work 's do correctly -- if the brain 's be not just wash , but dry -clean -- take out a bite -guard and put it in Marco 's mouth : 8/18/03 79 . delp -- fuhgetaboutit . no sale . ( then ) try to relax , okay ? he throw the switch , send electric current through Marco 's head -- -- Marco 's body arch off the table and he go into seizure -- image fade in and out : fb129 -- a man in a gas mask jam he rifle butt down . fade fb129 out . fba129 -- black -clad soldier swarm Marco 's team . fade out . fba129 fbb129 -- inside of a helicopter , grey light flutter -- fbb129 Laurent , gas mask down , confer with a pilot . fade out . fbc129 -- jetting low across dark water as dawn break . fade fbc129 out . fbd129 -- impression of a abandon village -- fbd129 fbe129 - - a abandon beach -- fbe129 fbf129 - - ruin of a ancient caravansary -- fbf129 fbg129 - - float down on the upturn face of noyle . fade out . fbg129 fbh129 -- Marco 's head slammed down , hard surface , a gun-like fbh129 electric implant device fire its package into the skin near Marco 's shoulder - blade . fade out . fbi129 - - impression of melvin , Baker , mavole , drugge , wire fbi129 up . fade out . fbj129 -- Raymond release mavole 's throat -- fbj129 fbk129 -- Bobby Baker , bloody hole in he forehead , fall fbk129 away -- fbl129 - - the crazy pattern of the tile -- fbl129 fbm129 - - and Marco run , rushing forward -- toward daylight , fbm129 past other platoon member , wire and i.v. tube snake upward , watch animated Raymond Shaw hero footage on a plasma screen , patriotic music blaring . fbn129 - - break outside , a glimpse of the azure sea wait fbn129 there -- -- but down , tackled ... fade out . fbo129 -- stumbling from helicopter into a rotor-torn fbo129 sandstorm -- the dust clear to reveal ... weary , daze , exhaust soldier in the middle of nowhere , under a angry sun ... ... the screen bloom white , and completely empty -- like a Arabian desert -- 130 ext . central park - day 130 Marco open he eye to the glare of a crisp autumn sun , surreal color : blue sky , shimmer green , the skyline . his head be in rosie 's lap , he lie curl in the grass . a banana- yellow motorize model plane buzze in tight circle overhead . 8/18/03 80 . rosie 's talk , but Ben can not hear she . just the buzzing . she stop , look at he . rosie blank again ? Marco try to say something , he mouth be dry . rosie he say this would happen . Marco stare , try to orient himself . his arm come up to shade he eye -- nothing write on it . marco who ? rosie you friend . marco I do not remember a friend . nothing . rosie kind of like a computer system crash -- you brain go down , then you boot up again , but you lose all you ram . ( hesitates ) do you remember I ? marco ( after a beat ) eugenie Rose . rosie smile . Marco close he eye again and -- screen goe black . silence . two beat . then the SOUND of a television fade up : tv130 newscaster # 3 tv130 U.S. plane bomb select site in guinea today , act on intelligence that the African nation 's military regime have secretly resume its chemical weapon program ... 131 tight - a television ( video ) 131 131a campaign footage of Raymond Shaw visit school in the 131a 131b inner city , Arthur riding horse in Wyoming , the two man 131b 131c meeting with business leader in Chicago . 131c 8/18/03 81 . tv131 newscaster # 4 tv131 ... latest USA today poll indicate a " secure tomorrow " for Gov. Robert Arthur and Congressman Raymond Shaw . the duo hold a commanding lead , enter the last two week of the campaign ... 132 int . rosie' cousin' apartment - night 132 Marco wake up , still in a bed . alone . the room bath in blue light from the small television where the news drone . tv132 omitted tv132 rosie come out of the bathroom , wear a long New York ranger jersey , bare - legge , barefoot , hair wet from a shower . beautiful . marco it 's Wednesday . rosie yes . marco Central Park be Monday . I come home Friday . rosie ( smile ) that 's right . a long beat . Marco stare at the t.v. as she sit on the edge of the bed , rub she hair with a towel . marco how do I get here ? rosie you call I . marco El dorado 59970 . ( beat ) I remember . ( beat ) I remember , and I do not dream . rosie it 's be weird , talk to you . know that you could fall asleep with you eye open and wake up and have forget the whole conversation . I hope to God that part 's over . marco what would we talk about ? 8/18/03 82. rosie ( vague ) stuff . ( then ) you say you " love " I . not to scare you . out of nowhere , but more than once . marco I remember that . beat . she smile . she lean in , kiss he lightly . rosie liar . marco what else do we talk about ? rosie open she mouth -- screen goe black . two beat of silence , then -- 133 int . rosie' cousin' apartment - bedroom - dawn 133 Marco wake up . clear head . calm . rosie be asleep beside he on the bed . the television be off . 134 int . bathroom - dawn 134 Marco drink water from the faucet , wipe he mouth . stare at himself in the mirror -- he look like death warm over . start to smile ... ... but he eye stray up to the half - open mirror of the vanity -- reflect , behind he , the bathroom wall : towel rack , wall paper , a high vent ... with a faint red LED glow inside . jump CUT : marco stand on the edge of the tub , stretch out , face press up to the vent , try to see inside -- subjective : marco ( b&amp ; W ) - through the vent look back at Marco , peer in . slightly warpe by the lens . freaking out . resume - marco he can just make out the shadow of a tiny video camera , wire snake back into the ducting , micro-len adjust automatically to focus . 8/18/03 83. he slip off the tub , nearly fall , catch himself -- 135 int . rosie' cousin' apartment - dawn 135 Marco taping newspaper over all the heating vent -- int . rosie' cousin' apartment - dawn Marco go through cupboard , drawer , closet , look for ... what , exactly ? he do not know . his world be cave in . he pivot , look at rosie , still sleep . int . rosie' cousin' apartment - dawn rosie 's purse be dumped out on the table , and now Marco 's go through she suitcase . he 's dress , now , even have he coat on . pull out she clothing , discover , at the bottom : file folder , note , report much of the same material that Eleanor Shaw show Raymond . incriminate stuff about Marco , timetable , surveillance photograph , psychiatric evaluation and audio tape microcassettes , neatly label with date and hour ... intercut - subjective : same ( b&amp ; W ) - surveillance rosie Ben ? rosie , roll off the bed , sleepy , crossing to where Marco be gather the file -- rosie what be you ... oh god. see the hard look on Marco 's face . newspaper over all the vent . open she mouth to explain but Marco swing hard , and hit she -- she partially block it with she forearm -- backhand she onto the floor -- marco you be part of it . -- then he 's move , out the door -- rosie do not -- 8/18/03 84 . she leap at he -- shove he hard into the wall , and when he whirl to shake she off , slip down and use he weight and momentum to toss Marco crash halfway back across the room . now she 's between he and the door . rosie do not do this , Ben . it 's not what you think . marco how can you know what I think ? he try to get past she again -- they fight rosie can not beat he , but she 's extremely skilled -- Marco get stung twice by hard rights -- but whirl , all - defense , a improvise rope - a- dope that give he the open he need -- -- he smack rosie sharply , stun she -- and as she rock backward he fly out the door -- rosie BEN ! 136 ext . apartment build - dawn 136 Marco burst out of the doorway , into the grey light of morning , and run , the file flutter under he arm . 137 omitted 137 138 int . skybooth of delp lab - day 138 a caretaker rattling key impatiently behind he , Marco stand look down into the pit of the abandon lab . delp and the monkey be go . empty cage and unplugge equipment be all that remain of delp and he fear project . the utter quiet be deafen . 139 ext . new york street - day 139 Marco move , head down , eye everywhere -- anybody could be follow he . anybody could be watch he . anybody could be part of this . prelap sound of a tape fast - forward and : 8/18/03 85 . rosie' voice ( audio surveillance tape ) you say you " love " I ... 140 ext . new york public library - establishing 140 141 tight - a microfiche screen 141 scrolling old newspaper in a blur . rosie' voice ... not to scare you . out of nowhere , but more than once . marco' voice I remember . whir of rewind audio -- 142 int . new york public library - deep in the stack - day 142 Marco deep in research , at a small table cover with book and paper -- a crazy man 's kind of chaos . the file he steal from rosie 's be disembowel across the desktop . a library tape machine play one of the surveillance tape he 's steal from rosie 's : marco' voice ( bleed through earphone ) what else do we talk about ? intercut - microfiche storey flip past ... rosie' voice Raymond Shaw . and about what happen to you , after you be capture . Black helicopter , secret laboratory , mind drug , mad scientist , shock -torture ... marco' voice you do not believe any of it . rosie' voice it 's crazy . it sound crazy . marco' voice -- maybe that 's what they want . maybe that 's what they want . intercut - tape machine 143 Marco pop out one tape , push in another . whir of the 143 tape rewind again , then : 8/18/03 86 . marco' voice -- I watch Raymond Shaw kill someone . I watch he kill private Eddie mavole . like it be nothing . fb143 flashback : rosie' apartment fb143 Marco , on the bed , numb . marco and I think they make I kill someone too . one of my people . kid name Bobby Baker . rosie put she arm around he -- rosie or they want you to think that you do . -- Marco do not react -- whir of audio fast - forward -- 144 resume - library 144 Marco take he thumb off the shuttle button and -- marco' voice ... we be all hook up to iv tube and wire and equipment -- heart monitor , head monitor , electroshock -- and a lot of stuff I have never see before ... ... find , finally , a inside page of the science &amp ; technology section of the Times , with the headline : manchurian hope new implant save live ... and a p.r. photo of manage director David R. donovan , smile , flanke by a team of scientist . the caption only mention donovan by name -- in the picture he hand be extend , he 's get a tiny implant device cup in he palm . rosie' voice do he have a name ? marco' voice what ? Marco stare at the photograph . panning tight - across the scientist in the b.g. of the photograph . holding on one , half -hidden , just slightly out of focus . it 's noyle . 8/18/03 87 . rosie' voice the doctor , Ben -- what be he name ? can you remember ? a long beat . Marco rack he memory . then -- marco noyle . they call he Dr. noyle . push in until noyle be just a mass of pixel -- crash : 145 tight - computer station - another section of the library 145 a Google search . Marco type the name : noyle . intercut - computer screen a government website : south african truth and reconciliation committee thumbnail photo of " 25 scientist accused of human experimentation on political prisoner . " scrolling down ... until a photo of atticus noyle be center - screen . smiling out at we . click : headline -- " capetown U. scientist expelled : allege CIA tye " -- " genome researcher sought for questioning by the hague " -- on marco -- energize by what he 's see -- click : slide over noyle's face -- key word like " genetic memory enhancement , " " behavioral modification " ... a quicktime video that Marco activate , and -- 146 in streaming video : noyle 146 his sanitize , early sale pitch , all digitize and degrade -- a old web interview : noyle ... we really can reinvent ourselves , you know , by the remapping of the human genome . strengthen character , enhance personality , not unlike tummy tuck and breast augmentation . generate extraordinary ability in math , music , athletics . tweak the sympathy gene , boost self - confidence -- 8/18/03 88. close - on marco stare , excited -- the freak from he nightmare be real -- noyle ( o.s. ) ( stream audio ) -- broaden the very parameter of memory , to offset the ravage of dementia -- or virtually liberate a individual from the limitation impose by damaging previous experience -- literally freeing they from the burden of they past ... 147 ext . penn station - day 147 raining , hard . Marco hurry toward the station entrance , he research jamme under he arm , and in a grocery bag he 's find somewhere . collide with a guy in a suit . paper go everywhere -- Marco yell at the guy and scramble to pick up he document , shove people out of the way -- freeze frame . series of still surveillance photo - same Marco scramble to get he stuff back together . he look like a crazy street person . crash : 148 ext . WASHINGTON D.C. - capitol hill - dusk 148 a sun throw yellow across the mall , and the Senate Office building be ribbone with shadow . 149 int . senator jordan' office - dusk 149 Jordan behind he desk , stare at a white business card while a high -strung aide lean in , talk low : aide I call the Pentagon . they tell I he 's on medical leave . the call card be Marco 's , from Army Intelligence . Jordan flip it over . Marco have scrawle " do you still want to be vice president ? " aide secret service , they have get he on a couple of they watch and observe list . through a gap in the doorway , Jordan can see Marco sit in he outer office , bag of evidence at he foot , hunch forward , stare at the floor . 8/18/03 89 . aide I guess there 's be some trouble with this guy , involve Congressman Shaw . at the mention of the Shaw name , Jordan look up -- 150 int . SMALL conference room - dusk 150 Jordan sit behind the table , all of Marco 's document and evidence arrange tidily in front of he in meager pile , Marco pace , watch as Jordan finish examine a thick atticus noyle computer print out . jordan nobody will believe this . marco nobody believe watergate . he sit down , opposite Jordan . marco or Oklahoma City , or the World Trade Center . you would not have believe oswald before Kennedy get shot . jordan on the advisory board of manchurian - Global , should they ever publish a list -- which they will not -- you would find former president , depose king , retire Prime minister , ayatollah , African War -lord , fall Communist dictator and a assortment of the Fucking Rich , who be distinguished from the merely filthy Rich by factor of billion . he put the noyle file down , push everything away . jordan you bring I rumor and conjecture . marco I start with nightmare , sir . rumor and conjecture be a giant leap forward . jordan nightmares you have interprete , use as primary resource a ) you spotty memory , b ) the internet -- sacred sanctuary of idiot and nutter -- and c ) random face and coincidence , and evidence you chew out of a man 's back -- all neatly stitched together with the common thread of a powerful , well - connect private equity fund -- who will plead ignorance , and be shocked , shocked , to learn what ( more ) 8/18/03 90 . jordan ( cont 'd ) some of they subsidiary partner be engage in . marco Sir , I do not give a rat 's ass about manchurian Global ! that 's not why I be here ! ( beat ) I can not touch they , I get that , I be not stupid , sir . a cold silence . Marco stare at Jordan . marco I just want to try and stop this one thing -- this Raymond Shaw bomb -- from go off . Jordan nod again , slightly . lose in think . marco and I would be lie if I tell you I have not factore in huge that you have get a vested personal , political , and patriotic interest in how this shake out . crash : 151 omitted 151 a152 omitted a152 152 ext . eleanor's virginia mansion - night 152 a limousine pull up in front , follow by a car full of secret service . Anderson float out and open the door for Raymond ... 153 int . prentiss mansion - night 153 a argument in progress as Raymond shrug off he overcoat into the hand of a servant . the low murmur of Jordan 's voice , then incredulous laughter : ellie ( o.s. ) lies. fabrication . fiction . you have be wait to do this to I for , what , twenty year ? get out . jordan ( o.s. ) no , I will wait until Raymond get here and we can all -- ellie ( o.s. ) get out of my house . Raymond proceed down the hallway to -- 8/18/03 91 . 154 int . study - continuous 154 Raymond enter , close the door behind he as ellie throw document across the room at Jordan : ellie the man be insane , Tom -- full - blow schizophrenia -- he 's be stalking Raymond -- if you dare to use this -- now they see Raymond , under the impose Andrew wyeth painting of Tyler prentiss that dominate one whole wall of the study , and ellie stop . ellie ( to Raymond ) you bipolar buddy have be share he dream with Senator Jordan . jordan hello Raymond . Raymond smile -- it 's terrifying -- the fragile , force , frigid smile of a man in pain . raymond hello Senator . how 's jocie ? Jordan pick up a picture of noyle and smoothes it onto the desk for Raymond to see , as : ellie can we please not go down that road ? jordan do you recognize this man ? raymond no . jordan his name be atticus noyle . he be a South African physician , neuropsychiatric scientist and mercenary -- someone we CIA train for covert mind warfare against the Soviets in aghanistan -- someone who have sell technology to and do research for terrorist group , and rogue state . Major Marco claim that this man -- ellie jordan -- brainwash you -- -- in he dream . raymond Sir , Ben Marco be sick . delusional . 8/18/03 92 . jordan nevertheless he 's pull from he mad hat some remarkably lucid connection between he dream of you exploit in Kuwait , and this Dr. noyle , and the private equity fund manchurian Global -- Raymond frown , look from Jordan to ellie . jordan -- you mother 's primary political benefactor for the past fifteen year . ellie Christ , Tom . they contribute to half the Senate , for God 's sake . silence . raymond I do not understand . jordan at the time of Desert Storm , Dr. atticus noyle be work under a research grant from manchurian Global . you mother 's friend . the color suddenly drain out of ellie 's face . raymond what ? jordan rogue scientist . mind control . manchurian Global . you mother . you . connect the dot , Raymond . possibly , you mother 's blind to they , because they pay they way -- ellie possibly the Senator 's motive be color by he desperation to get himself back on the presidential ticket now that the heavy lift be do -- raymond ( unravel ) I do not -- I do not -- jordan it 's not about I . as far as I be concerned , this should never come out -- it would shred what little remain of the fabric of we public trust -- think of the nation -- 8/18/03 93. raymond I do not have the dream . ellie he can not prove anything . jordan everything you stand for be upside down ! if this be to come out , true or no , it would be catastrophic for the campaign . ( beat , a threat ? ) and it will come out . raymond what be you say ? silence . the question hang there . raymond what do I do ? jordan you withdraw . you bow out gracefully . personal reason . a obscure illness . yield you spot on the ticket , go into seclusion ... he glance coolly at ellie -- jordan ... and then surrender yourself to federal authority who can help you address the damage that may have be inflicted on you . -- and walk out . Raymond and Eleanor have hardly move . sound of the front door open , close . raymond I feel sick . Christ . what have you do to I ? ellie Raymond , remember when -- raymond no , never mind -- do not bother . do not lie . do not say anything . no more lie . there be actual tear in ellie 's eye . Raymond just stare at she , coldly . raymond I can promise you that whatever you have do , I will undo it . 8/18/03 94 . ellie I know -- I know , baby -- raymond I never want to see you or speak to you again -- ellie Raymond -- raymond -- I mean it this time . Raymond head for the door -- ellie sergeant Shaw -- Raymond slow -- curious to be address like this -- sound of the desert wind rise -- ellie -- sergeant Raymond Shaw -- he 's turn -- the room come alive -- light shifting , intensify -- that terrible vividness -- and the wall of the zaghareet ... extremely close on - ellie ellie Raymond prentiss Shaw -- ( sad ) listen : crash : 155 int . union station - WASHINGTON D.C. - dawn 155 Marco jolt awake , as if from a bad dream , startle -- cramped on a bench , just another rumple , weary traveler -- early morning commuter glide past he like a fog . 156 ext . chesapeake BAY - jordan' house - dawn 156 a lacy fog rise from the reed on the shoreline as the Senator drag he kayak from under the piling of a pristine , clapboard cottage to the edge of the water . 157 int . jordan be house - dawn 157 the house be beautiful , everything perfect . float through finding jocie in a back bedroom , waking slowly in a huge bed , roll to look out the window and watch she father , in he kayak , paddle away ... 8/18/03 95 . 158 int . union station - WASHINGTON D.C. - dawn 158 Marco grab a coffee from off a Starbucks counter , pick up he bag and head toward the New York City line platform , to catch he train -- 159 ext . chesapeake BAY - jordan' kayak - day 159 the Senator row with confidence , he bow cut the glassy surface of the bay , fog ripple away from he , dreamy . up ahead , he can see the ghost of he house . and a figure on the shoreline . jordan who 's that ? raymond it 's I , sir . jordan stop paddle , and let the kayak drift in . he 's break hard , sweat glisten on he face . raymond sloshes down into the water , wade out waist - deep -- jordan wait . oh , do not do that , I can -- raymond I come to apologize , sir . jordan -- the water must be freezing . what be you do ? Raymond . do not bother , I can -- Raymond catch the bow of the kayak , turn it . raymond I be sorry . jordan I be too . but , you mother must -- with one motion , Raymond rip the two - blade paddle out of Jordan 's hand , and flip the boat over -- raymond I be sorry , sir . -- Jordan go under , leg trap in the kayak -- 8/18/03 96 . 160 under the water - jordan 160 flail -- try to get out of the kayak , incapacitate by the cold water -- 161 int . jordan be house - dawn 161 jocie wander , sleepy , into the main room , pull on a hood sweatshirt -- and sees , through the BAY window : -- she father 's upend kayak . -- a figure in the water , as if try to save he -- 162 ext . jordan' house - dawn 162 jocie sprint down toward the water , scream -- jocelyn daddy ! -- Raymond turn and see she run toward he . for a moment time stand still -- jocie try to process Raymond Shaw in the water with she father , and Raymond try to process , through the curtain of he fracture consciousness , jocelyn Jordan . jocelyn leap into the water , think she will help with a rescue . the cold hit she like a sledgehammer -- follow by the realization Raymond 's try to drow she father -- jocelyn Raymond , what be you do ?! no! stop it ! stop --! she try to shove Raymond away from the boat , but raymond turn , grab she by the hood of she sweatshirt -- -- and whipsaw she out into the deeper water , shove she under it . jocelyn 's hand claw at he , but he 's stronger , and the water have no effect on he . she thrashes wildly ... and he look down at she through the water , hair flow , utterly beautiful ... as if in a dream . raymond ( far away ) shhhhhhhh . 8/18/03 97 . jocelyn weaken ... succumb ... she body float away . 163 news coverage - later - same day ( video ) 163 tva163 cold tapestry of image behind the major media icon : tva163 police , paramedics , body pull from the water , Jordan 's empty house . tv163 media icon tv163 ... the five - term Senator -- and recent front - runner for he party 's vice presidential nomination -- appear to have accidentally drown when he kayak overturn near he chesapeake Bay home . Police say he daughter , jocelyn , 35 , may have be try to rescue Jordan when she be , herself , overcome by the icy water ... 164 campaign coverage 164 a impromptu stand - up with visibly - shake presidential candidate Arthur outside arthur -shaw campaign headquarters : tv164 arthur tv164 horrible , horrible thing . Senator Jordan be a statesman of the high integrity . ( fight emotion ) Tom Jordan be a friend . a damn fine man . a great american . 165 int . penn station - manhattan - marco 165 stare numbly at the news report on a little portable t.v. in a news kiosk -- 166 int . campaign rally - day 166 slowing motion : the world a blur around Raymond as he walk a gauntlet of reporter shouting question : about policy , about Jordan . expressionless , he just keep walk , but he lip move -- -- " tragedy " -- " senseless " -- " great loss " -- 167 ext . ground of ellie' mansion - day 167 donovan walk beside Senator Eleanor prentiss Shaw . white just behind they . donovan you trust we to bring you son back to you , and we deliver . we trust you with we technology -- and now you turn he into a common hit man . 8/18/03 98 . ellie oh , do not lecture I -- donovan you do not even ask we . you need to ask . ellie Tom Jordan be go to destroy everything we have work toward , and every one of we along with it , and you want I to call a meeting ? whiting David , if Jordan have go public -- donovan in any endeavor , there be key player and role player , and Raymond -- or you , or I , for that matter -- I be sorry -- we be role player , with fix value and fix agendas , that get weigh against other factor . ellie stop , look at he . ellie bullshit . ( then ) you can tell yourself that as you go to bed tonight , David , and I hope it help you wake up tomorrow with a clean conscience -- but we be talk about my son and the future of this country . ( beat ) my father , Tyler prentiss , never ask . he just do what need to be do . 168 int . rosie' cousin' apartment - night 168 rosie asleep . push in rapidly ... then a hand come down hard and efficiently against she throat -- -- she wake up , fight for air -- marco ( a whisper ) how do the President die ? he sit on top of she , pin she arm down . she struggle to say something . Marco shake he head . 8/18/03 99 . marco when . where . how . he release she throat , and she gasp for air -- marco I be gonna stop this . we will go to the fed . you and I . and tell they a story . rosie who will -- believe -- marco I do not know . I do not care any more . it 's all I have . rosie buck -- get a hand free -- slug , Marco , and they tumble off the bed in a tangle of blanket and limb -- rosie come up hold a 9 mm revolver to Marco 's forehead . rosie I be the fed . she cough . Marco stare at she , dumbfounded . rosie we have be watch you , try to sort this out . I mean , it 's either you be tell it straight and we have all get something big-time to worry about , or you be crazy and dangerous -- either way we have have to keep you on a short leash , ' cuz if we lock you up we will never know . ( beat ) and we can not tell anybody because we do not know how deep this river run . ( beat ) if there be a river . ( off he expression ) you get away from I . marco Raymond Shaw murder Senator Jordan and he daughter . rosie ( shaking she head ) oh Ben . the thing be ? I want to believe you . God help I , Ben , I do . marco -- he 's a time bomb , tick -- 8/18/03 100 . rosie everybody else want you junked up on thorazine and just not a problem any more . marco I be clearer on this than I have ever be . it 's rich guy , funding bad science , to put a sleeper in the White House -- rosie listen to yourself . you be a poster boy for paranoid fantasy . beat . silence , break only by they breathe . marco I screw up . Jordan be my trump card , and I screw it up . ( then ) either help I , or shoot I , rosie . there 's no middle ground anymore . he get up -- rosie 's not go to shoot he -- smash CUT to : 169 noyle 169 frown -- noyle Raymond -- Raymond -- turn : dreamscape - as before Raymond hand a service revolver past noyle , to marco -- who prime it , aim -- noyle ( o.s. ) Captain Marco , would you please shoot private Baker so we can move on ? -- marco shoot baker in the forehead -- 170 int . limousine - morning 170 raymond aaaahhhhhhh --! Raymond awaken with a startle about , face flushed , sweat . terrify -- 8/18/03 101 . mirella / anderson aaaahhhhhh --! -- Raymond find himself in the back seat of he limo , he campaign aide mirella , she assistant , and Anderson , all startle and shouting too -- mirella you okay ? raymond yeah . yes . bad dream . anderson we have arrive , Congressman . Raymond sit up . raymond okay . 171 ext . p.s. 16 - westchester - day 171 Raymond emerge to camera and fanfare -- it 's election day , and he 's go to vote . Anderson and other agent clear a path up the step into the elementary school voting site . Reporters shout question that Raymond just answer with he professional smile . 172 int . p.s. 16 - gymnasium - day 172 a temporary polling place . flag , table , not too crowded . voter step out of the way . poll volunteer press in to shake hand and wish Raymond Shaw good luck . and rosie on the edge . she badge Anderson , and talk to he . he nod , move over and talk quietly to Raymond as Raymond sign he name in the voter registration log . then let rosie guide he to a booth on the end -- 173 int . voting booth - raymond 173 pull the giant lever , the curtain close , find -- a note -- fold , tape to the machine . raymond -- open it , read it . 8/18/03 102. voting booth - moment later the curtain open and Raymond step out , smile again . cameras flash , video crew wave boom mike , expect a sound bite : raymond I be on the fence when I walk in there ... but then I see my name on the ballot and I know what I have to do . laughter . he whisper to a poll volunteer , and she point he down a hallway -- 174 int . p.s. 16 - corridor 174 Raymond , rosie and he secret service detail -- rosie lead they to a doorway , hold it open for Raymond , but put she hand lightly on Anderson 's chest when he start to go in to sweep the room -- rosie it 's clean . 175 int . p.s. 16 - special ed . room - day 175 small , and private . Raymond turn on the light . Marco be in the corner , wait . his noyle file in one hand . marco how 's you back ? raymond it hurt . marco I be sorry . Raymond lock the door , turn , take in the room : tiny chair and table , wall cover with kid ' drawing , and nearly every object in the room name and label with 3 x5 card . raymond I have be have the dream , Ben . marco that 's good . raymond good ? they be inside my head . they get inside , the way you say they would -- marco we will get them out . 8/18/03 103. raymond they be all ... twisted together -- and I dream thing , terrible thing , that can not possibly have happen . I be go , Ben -- I be lose it -- marco no -- you could have have I lock up -- and you do not . that 's a sign . raymond of what ? marco that they do not control everything . we can fight it . I mean -- I be still out here because you decide I should be -- which mean there 's a part they can not get to , deep inside -- the part where the truth be , and they can not touch we there . that 's what we need to tap into , Raymond , that 's the part where , you and I , we be gonna take they out . raymond jocie 's dead . marco I know . raymond -- and the Senator . marco yeah . beat . raymond do I do it ? marco I think so , yeah . raymond I do not remember . I do not remember it . Raymond look up at ben. emotionless . uncomprehend . 176 intercut - corridor - rosie and anderson 176 down the hallway , stand sentinel . Anderson check he watch , glance uncomfortably back at the door -- then at rosie , who just stare he down . 8/18/03 104 . 177 resume - special ed . room - raymond 177 tear run down he face , but he voice be normal , he stay expressionless . he rub he eye with the heel of he hand . raymond I be all inside - out . knocking on the door . anderson ( o.s. ) Mr. Shaw ? raymond just a minute . Raymond 's cell phone ring . raymond all I have ever do be what I be suppose to do . what I be tell to do -- marco Raymond -- focus -- raymond -- what other want I to do . marco do they tell you what they want you to do , Ray ? we gotta know what 's gonna happen , we gotta know when 's it gonna happen -- you can help I do this -- raymond you do not think they see this come ? you do not think they factore you in ? ( matter of fact ) I need to die , Ben . marco what ? no -- no , man , they have get big plan for you -- raymond I be the enemy , Major Marco , and the only way to stop I be to kill I . I think you be smarter than this . marco I can get the fed , the police . come on , Ray -- fight it -- raymond be we friend ? 8/18/03 105 . marco Raymond , you gotta work with I here -- Raymond take the ringing phone from he inside pocket , and check the number of who 's call . raymond I want to believe we be friend . marco Raymond , stay focus . the irrefutable fact be that jocie be a mistake , and we be gonna make them pay for it . raymond I dream you , Ben . you kill private Baker . ( into the phone , pleasant : ) hello ? marco what be you talk about ? raymond ( into the phone ) yes mother . a class bell ring -- 178 intercut - corridor - day 178 student flood the hallway -- Laurent tokar walk right past rosie and Anderson , head toward the special ed room -- 179 resume - the special ed room 179 marco hang up . raymond ( into the phone ) yes , he 's right here . Raymond extend the phone to Marco . raymond she want you . Marco hesitates . I ? but take the receiver -- 180 intercut - ellie' plaza HOTEL suite - morning 180 on the phone in she lavish room : ellie be this Major Marco ? 8/18/03 106 . marco yes it be , Senator . ellie -- Major bennett Marco -- Marco reacting quizzically -- sound of the distant windstorm building -- extreme close up - marco - he ear -- at the phone : marco yeah ...? marco' eye flicker to Raymond 's eye -- ellie bennett ezekiel Marco -- -- Marco 's sense be quicken -- the light literally change around he -- that terrible luminosity -- as -- SOUND of fabric , in the wind -- the sandstorm raging -- Marco 's eye shine now , hyper -alert -- a warrior 's eye -- marco yes . ellie -- listen : crash : 181 int . p.s. 16 - corridor - moment later 181 the happy chaos of scream kid . Raymond emerge , smile . surrounded immediately by Anderson and he secret service detail , and escort out of the building . rosie fight through the throng of student -- -- to the office door . now it 's lock . she bang on it -- kick it open -- 182 int . special ed . office - day - rosie 182 empty . Marco go . the noyle file lie open -- and empty -- on the floor . she rush through a connect door -- 183 int . auditorium - continuous 183 -- third - grade student loud , happy , rehearse a patriotic " abe lincoln " election day skit -- no Marco here -- she 's lose he -- 8/18/03 107 . 184 int . special ed . office - continuous 184 rosie come back through , out into the hallway and stand , in the river of child -- she 's lose Ben -- 185 ext . p.s. 16 - front step - day ( video ) 185 tva185 News footage of Raymond emerge from voting , wave , and tva185 head back to he car -- tv185 newscaster # 6 tv185 candidate make ritual trip to the voting booth today ... 186 ext . another polling place ( video ) 186 tva186similar footage of Arthur emerge , wave to the camera . tva186 tv186 newscaster # 6 tv186 ... Governor Arthur , casting he ballot in North platte , will spend election night in the Big Apple , with run - mate Raymond Shaw ... pull slowly back : 187 ext . the plaza - late afternoon 187 swooping across on a entrance jamme with cab and limousine ... then rise up -- -- to the window of a suite high above the street , where sunlight still linger on the glass , shimmer gold , and push in -- 188 int . plaza HOTEL suite - late afternoon 188 tv188 a beautiful suit laid out on the king-size bed ... shoe tv188 ... the television on , but silent : network election night coverage ... number flash . Arthur / Shaw be exit poll winner in Alabama , Florida , maryland , Pennsylvania , New York ... ellie ( v.o. ) the bullet will pass over you shoulder , just miss you head on the way to its target ... 189 int . bedroom - late afternoon 189 where Raymond sit , stripped to the waist , watch the mirror as he mother loom over he , in a beautiful chinese silk dress , comb he damp hair . ellie ... because , of course , the assassin -- the derange , obsessed , tragically ( more ) 8/18/03 108. ellie ( cont 'd ) paranoid , lone gunman -- be try to kill you . raymond the Major be a excellent marksman . she touch he bare shoulder , leave she hand there . raymond but what will happen to he ? ellie ( gentle ) the assassin always die , baby . it 's necessary for the national heal . she take he shirt off a hanger , he stand up , and she start to dress he -- ellie I be sure you will never entirely comprehend this , darling , and I know , the way you be right now , this be like try to have a whimpere conversation with someone on a distant star ... but it must be say , Raymond -- I do this for you -- so that you could have what I could not , what you father do not want -- what you grandfather dare to dream possible -- she run she hand through he hair . tear fill she eye . ellie -- when you run away to join the Army , after that girl , after jocie -- when you swore you would never speak to I again , I feel you father 's shadow pass across we , and I could not let he run you the way he ruin himself . ( beat ) that 's when Mark white come to I with talk of extraordinary scientific breakthroughs ... attitude adjustment ... reconciliation ... greatness . so I let they take you , and change you . not too much . not so much that you would notice . just enough to bring you back to I . raymond yes , mother . ellie and look what you have , now ! look how far we have come ! it 's work , darling -- they think they own you , but they be very , very wrong . you be not something they can buy and sell , Raymond , not for ( more ) 8/18/03 109 . ellie ( cont 'd ) any price -- we be one , and there will be no stop we now , will there ? we be go to save this country in the hour of its great need . Raymond be dazzle by Eddie 's radiance . raymond yes , mother . she straighten he tie . her hand caress she son 's shoulder . ellie how much you look like my father , now -- you have he hand , and you hold you head in the same proud way . and when you smile it 's like I be a little girl again , and -- ( impulsively kiss he ) when you smile -- when you smile -- Raymond move to she -- they embrace be all consume -- 190 int . regent wall STREET - grand ballroom - dusk 190 a dizzying overhead shot , slowly twist : campaign volunteer milling through empty chair , dozen of t.v. monitor glow with early election coverage , a stage band warming up , bass thumping , the room festoon with " secure tomorrow " banner , and -- two vast floor-to-ceiling , virtual wall -to-wall screen , specially install for the occasion , define the entire east and west wall of the ballroom . they glow pure blue , as if wait -- 191 int . disuse projection booth - high above the floor 191 a laminated all - access security badge dangle from Anderson 's neck as he push the last screw back into a cool vent along the wall . 192 int . service corridor 192 Anderson emerge as another secret service agent come down the hallway -- anderson all clear . he close the lighting room door . 193 omitted 193 194 omitted 194 8/18/03 110 . 195 int . grand ballroom - on the giant screen , above the stage 195 remote - cam image of the empty stage and podium blink to life , enormous , find focus , and -- at the back of the ballroom - engineering console a director and a team of tech guy murmur in headsets , commanding a matrix of monitor , control panel and mixing board . on all the screen : different view of the empty stage , from various camera . 196 another all -access security badge 196 just like anderson' . pan up : marco -- resplendent in dress uniform , hair trim , a man reborn . he look so rejuvenate , for a moment even we do not recognize he . int . service hallway - marco step over television cable and power line , follow they drunken path to the end of a narrow corridor -- unlit corridor Marco slip in and out of darkness . pass no one . noise echoing insanely from the ballroom . 197 int . disuse projection booth 197 Marco enter , close the door . take he coat off and fold it neatly and put it on the floor . follow he as he stoops to find a high - tech metal case hide in the air vent ... ... he open it , revealing a disassembled sniper rifle , stereo rangefinder eyepiece , live round , sandbag , tripod and a sidearm ... ... he turn toward the back of a massive wall - grid of light fixture face outward to the auditorium , hot with red - white - and -blue radiance . he walk to the grid and peer through it -- push out : 198 int . ballroom - stage - a procession of campaign worker 198 walk out of the back of the stage , a video a.d. with a headset lead they , backpedal , bark instruction lose in the general din . they all hold big , hand - print name card : Gov. Arthur 's aide , tatum ( gq dreadlock ) clown around with he " pre . 8/18/03 111. Arthur " placard . other p.a. 's and assistant hold : " first Lady Arthur " , " Arthur kid " , " Friends of Bob " . mirella Freeman have she " v.p. Shaw " ; gillespie , try to look amused ( but not very ) he " sen . Shaw / veep 's Mom " sign . back of the room - engineering console the director speak into he headset , he voice broadcast over the house speaker : director okay . crowd cheer . much elation . the president move to he mark -- crash : 199 omitted 199 200 omitted 200 201 omitted 201 202 omitted 202 203 omitted 203 204 omitted 204 205 omitted 205 206 flurry of image ( video ) 206 overlap news report : tv206 newscaster ( #7/#8/#9 ) tv206 CBS / ABC /cnn / fox project Robert Arthur and Raymond Shaw to be the next President and vice President of / have win the presidential election / have be elect by a landslide -- 207 int . regent wall STREET ballroom - night 207 bedlam . pack now with celebrant . confetti rain down , the cheering overpower even the rock and roll band as it strike up a post - punk rendition of " yankee doodle . " 208 int . security command CENTER - night 208 two dozen monitor show different angle of the entrance , corridor , security lane , but -- rosie be off to one side with a couple other fed and a security guy , review the entry tape from earlier -- 8/18/03 112. on the surveillance monitor people whoosh through gate in digitize triple time -- rosie stop. -- there 's Marco . the image slow . Marco move herky - jerky through the security station , stop-action . rosie pretend she 's interested in somebody else -- then : rosie no ... the tape resume triple - time -- 209 int . projection booth - marco 209 deliberately hand - feed live round of ammo into he rifle -- click , click , click -- -- he 's ready . crash : 210 omitted 210 211 int . regent wall STREET ballroom - on the stage 211 Arthur and Shaw and they entourage explode victorious from the back , just like in the rehearsal . iconic sampling of " regular Americans " in full - dress uniform accompany the winner : a soldier , a sailor , a fireman , a marine , a policeman , a fighter pilot , everybody wave , smile . the crowd -- ecstatic . rosie a tiny island of worry in a sea of celebration . the huge light grid ripple with patriotic bunt effect . she scan the crowd , the perimeter , the balcony ... on the giant screen , behind the stage a enormous close - up of Arthur -- the two colossal wall-to-wall screen be alive with soar , imax - style postcard footage of americana : monument Valley , Pike 's peak , Columbia River , golden wave field of wheat -- city skyline -- perfect beach -- majestic off - shore oil rig -- gallop herd of buffalo -- the breathtaking grandeur of american nature , american achievement -- 8/18/03 113. intercut - monitor various angle on-stage of Arthur , he wife , he family , close and loose -- 212 through marco' scope - same time 212 crosshair find , lock on Arthur -- who be wave , and slow to shake on -stage support ' hand -- 213 ballroom floor - rosie 213 stare up at the left-side lighting grid ... where she think she see movement . as it blink off , and then on again in a different pattern , there 's the silhouette of something . a figure behind the grid . Marco ? she 's sure of it -- -- and she 's move , push she way toward a exit , pull a tiny walkie-talkie from she pocket and yell into it -- 214 through marco' scope : 214 rock-steady on Arthur and he hundred - watt smile , as he now separate from the procession and move to he center stage mark -- just like in the rehearsal . the crowd begin to chant . 215 on the stage - raymond 215 calm and focus . smiling . his mother lean close , whisper something -- 216 int . service hallway - behind the ballroom - night 216 rosie join in stride by fed from the command center -- SOUND of the celebration boom through the building -- 217 int . stairwell 217 rosie lead the way , two step at a time , pull she gun from she holster and check the clip -- 218 marco' eye 218 clear and unwaver -- he pupil tightening as -- 219 through marco' scope 219 Arthur turn to Raymond and gesture -- 8/18/03 114. 220 on the stage - ellie 220 her eye shine as Raymond step forward -- the roar of the crowd -- 221 int . projection booth - marco 221 he slip he finger through the trigger guard -- 222 through marco' scope 222 cross-hair on Arthur . but a dark blur suddenly pass in front of Arthur , momentarily eclipsing Marco 's view -- 223 int . ballroom - engineering console - same time 223 a few of the camera monitor have empty frame , wait for Raymond to arrive , but -- director dammit , Shaw miss he first position -- ( then ) find he -- go with he -- on the stage - same time Raymond have join Arthur center-stage , instead of move to the rehearse first mark -- 224 int . projection booth - marco 224 he finger motionless inside the trigger guard -- 225 through the scope : arthur and raymond 225 but Raymond be block Arthur now -- 226 close on - marco 226 frown . Raymond have make Marco 's shot impossible -- kill Arthur , and he kill Raymond too . 227 int . projection booth - marco 227 come off the eyepiece of the scope . fb227 omitted fb227 228 he wipe sweat out of he eye . blink . 228 229 on stage - ellie - same time 229 appall at Raymond 's departure from the plan . 230 omitted 230 8/18/03 115. 231 omitted 231 fb231 omitted fb231 232 omitted 232 233 omitted 233 234 on the giant screen , above the stage 234 a sprawling hero shot of mt . rushmore , feature the traditional quartet , plus stony cgi addition of president - elect arthur , and raymond prentiss shaw . ballroom - engineering console director now music -- music start : that lush , full orchestral rendition of " here come the Sun " that sweep through the ballroom . above the ballroom - lighting grids change to rippling american flag -- 235 int . ballroom - same time 235 Music swell , the room explode with color and celebration , light flaring , side wall alive with iconic american image -- the raucous crowd start to clap in rhythm -- people crooning along with the song 's chorus , as -- on stage - a jubilation tableau people wave , hugging dance -- more super - insider join the throng onstage , shaking hand , high - five -- raymond prentiss shaw wave , stare up into the light ... search . find the spot he 's be look for -- a236 projection booth - marco a236 raise he gun again . b236 resume - stage - raymond b236 turn and smile at he mother . move toward she -- 8/18/03 116. intercut - various monitor - same time -- ellie , stunne -- painfully aware that the eye of the world be on she -- and Raymond move , take he mother 's hand -- invite she to dance . c236 projection booth - marco c236 place he eye to the scope -- d236 through marco' scope - arthur d236 Marco find he -- adjust the crosshair -- 236 int . service hallway - same time 236 rosie and the fed sprint toward Marco 's projection booth -- 237 on stage - raymond and ellie 237 as ellie surrender to the moment , and enter Raymond 's arm -- what else can she do ? -- this be she son , she dream be halfway there ... and the President can die another day . they swirl off to the music -- 238 through marco' scope - arthur 238 perfectly center in Marco 's sight , but then -- -- Raymond and ellie glide in front of Marco 's target -- linger in Marco 's eyeline , Raymond stare up into the scope -- eye trust , urging , as if he 's say : now -- -- then arthur be alone again , in the center of the crosshair , wave and grin at the roaring crowd like a man who 's just be elect President , but -- -- marco 's crosshair swing over , find raymond and ellie again -- 239 stage - on ellie - same time 239 look into Raymond 's eye ... follow he gaze up into the dazzle glare of the stage light -- first shadow of doubt crawl across she -- 240 through the scope - ellie and raymond 240 they be right in Marco 's cross-hair . a241 marco a241 committed . almost serene . 8/18/03 117 . 241 ellie 241 eye wide -- realize too late -- 242 intercut - marco 242 pull the trigger . bam bam bam . Raymond and he mother be kick back into the horrify celebrant on the stage -- -- the same bullet rip through both of they -- -- toppling together , dead before they hit the ground -- 243 int . projection booth - same time 243 the fed kick the door in -- marco calmly put a clip into the handgun from he kit -- start to raise it -- rosie BEN !!! she shoot he . 244 wide - the ballroom - night 244 balloon cascade down on a nearly black - and - white tableau of pandemonium and chaos , against the soar wall - to - wall image of America 's greatness display on the imax screen . scream and shouting . President -elect Arthur vanish in a phalanx of secret service . video crews press in on the stage , morbidly curious ... ... and a strange clear around the body of Raymond and Eleanor Shaw , crumpled and bloody ... ... still lock in they embrace . a245 intercut - impression of news footage - on a monitor a245 tva245 crowd press to the Regent rear entrance -- frantic cop tva245 clear the way for body bag emerge on stretcher , one , two ... three -- this third one guide and fiercely attend by rosie through the confusion -- shove into a wait morgue truck ... we be : 245 int . a huge office somewhere - night 245 tv245 donovan stand in front of a massive flat - screen televisiontv245 watch the mayhem at the Regent Wall Street ballroom . 8/18/03 118. pull back to reveal : a numb collection of horrify manchurian Global executive office employee , watch in silence ... a visibly shake white , ashen -face , head in he hand , eye red with tear , and johnston , stunne , pace -- johnston jesus. Jesus H. Christ ... Jesus H. Christ ... tighten on donovan . expressionless , except for a cryptic frown . he raise he arm and use a remote to kill the picture . screen goe black . 246 omitted 246 247 omitted 247 248 a video still frame materialize 248 flicker on . the security footage of Marco enter the Regent Wall Street hotel . his face turn away . flip . another frame Marco turn toward we . his face become artificially highlight , digitize -- morphed . zoom in as he feature begin to change . non-descript . New feature emerge . caucasian . not Marco . clicking of a keyboard , and -- rosie' reflection -- become visible across the screen of the video monitor on which the security footage flicker . we be : 249 int . video cgi booth 249 where a engineer work keyboard and mouse , digitally alter the footage of Marco be rosie watch , intently , from just behind he . further back in the same room ... another senior federal agent , special agent volk , from Marco 's interrogation ... and Colonel garret lean against the far wall , arm fold , expressionless . media icon ( v.o . ) ( fade up ) ... the FBI today release security footage of the assassin of Raymond and Eleanor prentiss Shaw enter the hotel two hour before the fatal shoot ... 8/18/03 119 . the engineer finish what he 's do , reset the tape and now it begin to play again , in real time -- and we watch a white man in uniform go through security , as : 250 network newscast ( video ) 250 the footage we have just see play behind : tv250 media icon tv250 ... authority say that they have no further information about the identity of the gunman , except that he be a white male , perhaps 30 year of age , and not a member of the armed force . ( then ) the tragic death of the incumbent vice president and he Senator mother mark the end of a family dynasty that have dominate american politics for more than fifty year . the mother and the son , polar opposite on myriad issue , nevertheless manage to promise a " one plus one equal ten " kind of equation to many Americans ; the hopeful , heady notion that this two somehow comprise a united vision of stun , almost revolutionary breadth and depth ... a combine potential far great than its part ... push past she , tighten in on the image of the lone gunman and the image explode into pixel accompany by -- -- the rise SOUND of the blade of a helicopter , under : media icon ... President -elect Arthur have vow to bring to justice whatever nation -- or nation -- be responsible . still reeling from the recent tragic loss of Senator Thomas Jordan , Congress have already announce a fresh investigation into Jordan 's death , in a effort to learn if it be in any way related to ... 251 ext . ocean - day 251 we be jetting low and impossibly fast across whitecappe azure water , toward crumble ruin of a long - abandon village on a empty beach -- we remember it vividly from Marco 's memory -- arrive to slowly spin and hover over the remnant of a ancient caravansary : 252 ext . desert island beachfront - arabian sea - day 252 high angle , down on Marco , move across the intricate , sun - bleach tile work we remember from noyle 's lab . 8/18/03 120. dissipate trace of a scaffold superstructure inside crumble ruin ... marco you do not develop a technology like that and waste it on two guy . he look to rosie , who stand in a archway . there be soldier here , with weapon -- could be here to guard Marco . could be here to protect he . rosie we know that . Marco look past she , to the water , which stretch out from here , as if to forever . marco I remember run . his arm be in a simple sling . he move like a man who 's be shot , and not quite recover -- move past rosie , out of the break - down ruin ... marco I have to get out where the sky be . ... rosie motion the soldier to stay back , follow he by herself ... marco I have to get to the water . pull back as they walk down the beach to the sea . a few tumble - down building be all that remain of a ancient seaside town . marco I think : if I can just get to the water , everything will be okay . Marco approach the water 's edge , stare out at the uncertain horizon . nothing but water as far as the eye can see . pull back . and back . and back ... fade out .