the big shortt screenplay by Charles randolph and Adam mckay base upon the Book by Michael Lewis the most difficult subject can be explain to the most slow - witted man if he have not form any idea of they already ; but the simple thing cannot be make clear to the most intelligent man if he be firmly persuade that he know already , without a shadow of doubt , what be laid before he . Leo tolstoy , 1897 buff revised , may 11 , 2015 2 . OPEN on : int . solomon brother - 1979 - day 1 a bunch of fat bond trader eat deli sandwich and smoke cigarettes on the Solomon Brothers bond Trading floor . it 's not exactly Michael Douglas in Wall Street . the voice that walk we through this be smart , too the point and slick . we will meet he later . modern trader ( v.o. ) in the late seventies banking be not a job you go into to make large sum of money . it be a good stable profession like sell insurance or accounting . and if banking be boring then the bond department at a bank be downright comatose . we all know about bond , give they to you nephew when he turn 16 and then we he 's thirty he make a hundred dollar . yawn . bond be for loser . that be , until Lewis ranieri come on the scene at Solomon Brothers ... music : some great 70 's ballad like kiss you all over by exile we see a even schlubbier version of the other bond Traders emerge . his suit be rumple , he have a mustard stain on he shirt from a soft pretzel he 's eat and he be easily seventy pound over weight . this be lewis renieei . and though he world be obscure , he be the shit . we narrator the modern trader pass through the scene for a second , dress in modern clothes ... Lewis greet he bond Department with obscenity bark through he patchy beard and glass . modern trader ( v.o. ) you see Lewis do not know it yet , but he have already change banking forever . he have just one simple idea ... int . solomon brother - conference room - 1979 - day 2 Lewis and he team be do a presentation to a bunch of state pension fund manager with a old fashioned over head projector . buff revised , may 11 , 2015 3 . lewis ranieri ... the mortgage back security . or the private label m.b.s . fund manager what be that ? bond trader I hope you do not say that when you look at you wife 's pussy ! they all howl except the fund manager who look shocked but then finally laugh to fit in . lewis ranieri here 's how it work . you have get you average person 's mortgage . fix rate , 30 year ... we see a house on the over head projector . lewis ranieri ( cont ’d ) bore , safe , small pay off ... right ? but when you have thousand of they all bundle together ... we see a illustration of many home . the next illustration show they all '' bundle '' together with a bow . lewis ranieri ( cont ’d ) suddenly the yield go up and the risk be still low cause it 's a mortgage and who the hell do not pay they mortgage ? bond trader dickhead and junky . lewis ranieri and because the risk be hedge this bond allow for people with not so perfect credit to get home . so you be make money and you be do a good thing . bond trader # 2 lewie be a fuck genius . fund manager uhm , what exactly be the credit rating on this bond ? all my pension fund care about be triple a rate risk . buff revised , may 11 , 2015 4 . lewis ranieri Risk ? what risk ? the only risk be that you get pay back too soon ! plus each of this mortgage be guarantee by the U.S. government . this bond gentleman , be AAA rate . fund manager this be exactly what the Michigan State pension fund have be look for . i’1l buy 20 million ... bond trader # 2 come on live a little ! fund manager twenty five million . lewis ranieri let 's break out the paper work ! music : something like boogie oogie oogie by a taste of honey int . strip club - 1979 - night 3 the bond Traders be party at a strip club throw dollar everywhere and booz . it disgusting and fun as hell and none of this guy will live past 60 . modern trader ( v.o. ) Lewis and he band of foul mouth bond trader take a sleepy department and make it the most profitable on Wall Street . pretty soon stock and savings be almost inconsequential to the big bank . they be do 50 , 100 , 200 billion in mortgage bond and dozen of other security a year . ext . skyline of manhattan - dusk 4 time lapse : New impressive banking building spring up and dot the Manhattan skyline . chase , B of a , Morgan stanley , lehman Brothers etc . modern trader ( v.o. ) and America barely notice as it 's number one industry become boring old banking . then one day ... ( more ) smash CUT buff revised , may 11 , 2015 5 . modern trader ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) almost thirty year later ... in 2008 ... it all come crash down . to black 1010 win ancr ( v.o. ) Wall Street have suffer one of it 's worst day in history as lehman Brothers have declare bankruptcy . 1 ) tracking shot past housing development lawns with foreclosed and for sale sign on all they ( stock footage ) . 2 ) and then a long line of applicant at a mcdonald's job fair . ( stock footage ) 3 ) image of the dow dropping . ( stock footage ) 1010 win ancr ( v.0o . ) this follow the demise of bear stearn and a plummete Dow Jones , down four thousand since January . modern trader ( v.o. ) in the end Lewis ranieri 's mortgage back Security mutate into a monstrosity that collapse the whole world economy . and none of the expert or leader or talk head have a clue it be come . I be guess most of you still do not really know what happen . yeah , you get a sound bite you repeat so you do not sound dumb but come on ... we fade to black . modern trader ( v.o. ) but there be some who see it come ... while the whole world be have a big ol 's party , a few outsider and weirdo see what no one else could . not I , I be not a weirdo . I be pretty cool . we 'il meet later . this outsider see the giant lie at the heart of the economy . and they see it by do something the rest of the sucker never think to do : they look . buff revised , may 11 , 2015 6 . title : the big short ext . middle school football field - day 8 graphic : 1985 a middle school football game be in progress . michael burry age 11 catch a ball and start run . he 's pretty good . his parent and coaches cheer he on . cute 8th grade cheerleader wave they pom pom . parent / coach thatta way Michael ! go! go! he be tackled by a few player and as Michael get up we hear a opposing player scream . opposing player ewwww ! look ! cu_of a glass eye on the field . Michael cover he eye with he hand . opposing player Gross ! his eye fall out ! he 's a freak ! etc. Michael pick the eye up and walk back to the side line still cover he one eye . another player run into replace he . PA ancr ( v.o. ) replacing Michael burry at tight end , number 88 , Scott proffer ! a cute cheerleader look at Michael with she nose scrunch up and then look away . his mom and dad meet he . mom it 's okay Michael . let 's just wash it off and put it back in . dad you be play so well son . I hear the coach compliment you . 11 yr old michael burry can we just go home ? he walk away . 10 11 buff revised , may 11 , 2015 7 . int . indoor pool - day 9 we see from under the water adult michael burry swim lap . his stroke be clean and strong . Michael burry get out of the pool . he towel off and walk immediately to the locker . michael burry ( v.o. ) I have always be more comfortable alone . I believe it 's because of my glass eye . I lose the eye froma childhood illness . it separate I from people . most social interaction be awkward . for I , for the person . even when I try to compliment someone it come out wrong ... the compliment , not the eye . ( quarter beat ) that be not a joke . I be just be clear . graphic : michael burry michael burry ( v.o. ) the other night there be a party with some old college associate . int . water front restaurant - night 10 there be a party go on with upper class professional drink white wine and heineken . Michael stand alone between two group of professional talk . lawyer we buy the house two year ago for 650 and we just sell it for 950 . we put 30 thousand into it top ... ext . water front restaurant - night 11 flash to Michael start he car , a Honda , and leave . michael burry ( v.o. ) after ten minute I leave and go home and research state by state mortgage fraud rate until three in the morning . 12 buff revised , may 11 , 2015 8 . int . michael burry fund office - day 12 Michael be seat behind he desk in a t-shirt and short . michael burry do you know they be go up ? highest fraud rate since the 1930' . we reveal he be talk to a young eager analyst in he office at the center of scion capital , Michael burry 's fund . Michael 's office be at the front enclose in glass . there be 20 analyst work at desk in the main room outside the glass . a big white board show the quarterly profit from scion : +38 % beat . young analyst no . I do not know that . michael burry I be sorry if I be go on and on . my wife say I need to share more . MARCH 2005 3 year 6 month until the crash young analyst that seem healthy . michael burry I like you hair . do you cut it yourself ? young analyst what ? no . I uh , pay someone . michael burry oh . young analyst so , do I get the job ? I really think I could help you fund . michael burry what ? oh sure . right. yes ...um buff revised , may 11 , 2015 9 . young analyst David . ( onward ) great ! I guess I will find a desk . be there anything you want I to work on for starter ? michael burry yes ... another long beat . Michael think . this beat keep go . finally the Young analyst start to speak just as Michael do . michael burry ( cont ’d ) young analyst do you find it strange - you can let I know later - I be sorry . michael burry do you find it odd that when the tech bubble burst in 2001 the housing market in San Jose , the tech center of the world , go up ? young analyst huh . I guess . I mean , no . it 's housing . it 's always AAA rate , low risk . michael burry yes .... that 's the idea ... ( he know what he need now ) I need you to get I the top 20 sell mortgage bond . young analyst so you want to know what the top 20 sell mortgage bond be ? michael burry no . I want to know what mortgage be in each one . young analyst wait , be not that bond make up of thousand and thousand of mortgage ? michael burry yes . the analyst wait for burry to complete the think but he do not . 13 buff revised , may 11 , 2015 10 . young analyst right away Dr. burry . finally he leave . burry sit down at he desk and put ear bud in while google '' SEC mortgage brokerage firm violation '' he get no hit . music : some hard - core heavy metal like blood thunder by mastadon a asian american assistant walk by burry 's office window and look at camera . asian american assistant I be Michael 's actual assistant for year . I know what you be think , a hedge fund manager with a glass eye who unwind by listen to thrash metal , come on . but he really do do that . int . scion capital - michael burry 's office - next day 13 cu of a computer screen show thousand of complicate line of mortgage from a mortgage backed security . the line be almost indecipherable but we see Michael burry be read they intently like it 's a page turn mystery novel . michael burry ( v.o . ) ( he internal think process ) 30 day late ... rate adjust in one year ... foreclose ... paid on time ... rate adjust in one year ... investment grade mortgage bond full of high risk interest only adjustable rate mortgage ... do people really understand how a adjustable rate mortgage work ?... most of this be no money down loan ... 105 ltv ... 540 fico score ?... why be the mortgage company give this people mortgage ...? outside burry 's office we see the analyst he just hire David at he desk talk to another analyst # 2 young analyst what 's he do ? he have not move all day . 14 buff revised , may 11 , 2015 will . analyst # 2 he do this every few day . he have not speak to I since he hire I . michael burry ( v.o. ) 90 day late ... 30 day late ... this bond be one of the bank 's biggest revenue source ... they need more mortgage to fill they ... that 's why it 's all adjustable rate high risk ... they be give mortgage to people who can not afford mortgage in order to fill this bond , in order to earn fee ... as he continue to read we time lapse and see the employee start to leave at the end of day . eventually the MAIN analyst 's office be empty and the SUN be coming up outside . michael burry ( v.o. ) this mortgage bond might fail ... no one think they can fail , but all that subprime credit risk be real , no matter how they slice and dice it ... 30 day late , rate will adjust next year ... 60 day late ... this bond will fail ... int . michael 's office - the next afternoon 14 Michael be on the phone . he clearly have not sleep and he clothes be rumple . there be water bottle everywhere . Michael brushes he tooth over a garbage can with water . michael burry lawrence . I find something really interesting . lawrence field ( v.o. ) great Michael . whenever you find something interesting we all tend to make money . what stock be you value ? 15 buff revised , may 11 , 2015 12 . michael burry no stock . I want to short the housing market . int . metro capital - lawrence field 's office - same time 15 lawrence field 's office be the opposite of Michael 's . it 's lavish with Manhattan view as be he . lawrence field haha ! really ? but the housing market be rock solid . Greenspan just say bubbles be regional , default be rare . field motion to he assistant through the open door . lawrence field ( cont ’d ) tell they I 'il be there ina minute ... michael burry Greenspan 's wrong . lawrence field I do not think you mean to do it but sometimes you sound very dismissive and superior Michael . Alan Greenspan be the great fed Chairman in history . michael burry it 's a fact . Greenspan 's wrong . he 's too focus on be right to realize he 's wrong . I do not know how else you want I to say it . burry spit out he coffee gargle into the garbage . lawrence field look , Metro Capital back you four year ago when you be a doctor with a dinky web page and some inheritance money . and we have all do very well . why do not you just stick with stock ? michael burry I look for value whereever it can be find . and the fact be : mortgage back security be fill with extremely risky subprime adjustable rate loan . ( more ) 16 the scene buff revised , may 11 , 2015 13 . michael burry ( cont 'd ) once the majority of adjustable rate kick in 07 's they will begin to fail and when they fail above 15 % the whole bond be worthless . freeze . modern trader ( v.o. ) mortgage back security , subprime loan , tranches ... pretty confusing right ? do it make you feel bored ? or stupid ? well , it 's suppose to . Wall Street love to use confusing term to make you think only they can do what they do . or even better , for you to leave they the fuck alone . so here 's scarlett johansson under a water fall to explain ... ext . SMALL waterfall - day 16 scarlett johansson in a white T shirt and cut off jeans let 's the waterfall run over she while explain mortgage back security . scarlett johansson basically Lewis ranieri 's mortgage bond be amazingly profitable for the big bank . they make billion and billion off of they 2 % fee on each of this bond they sell . but then they start run out of mortgage to put in they . after all , there 's only so many home and so many people with good enough job to buy they . so the bank start do something different . instead of create mortgage bond that be guarantee by the US government , they start create they own private mortgage bond . no government , no pesky standard like good credit or minimum income . and then the big bank be able to fill the bond with riskier and riskier mortgage and keep the profit machine churn . by the way , the risky mortgage be call '' subprime . '' anytime you hear subprime , think shit . ( more ) buff revised , may 11 , 2015 13a . scarlett johansson ( cont 'd ) Michael burry find out this mortgage bond that we supposedly 65 % AAA be actually mostly full of shit , so now he 's go to '' short '' the bond , which mean to '' bet against . '' get it ? good. buff revised , may 11 , 2015 14 . 17 int . michael burry 's fund office - continuous 17 back to the scene . michael burry it 's only a matter of time before someone else see this investment . we have to act now . lawrence field and how do you know the bond be build on subprime crap ? be not they fill with hundred of page of mortgage ? michael burry I read they . lawrence field you read they ? no one read they . only the lawyer who put they together read they . michael burry I do not think they even know what they make . the whole housing market be propped up on this bad loan . it 's a time bomb . and I want to short it . lawrence field through what instrument Michael ? there be no insurance contract or option for mortgage bond . the bond be too stable . no one would buy they . michael burry I be go to get a bank to make I one . then I be go to buy a ton of they . CUT to : 18 ext . goldman sach - manhattan - day 18 we push in on Goldman sach . we see financial news on a monitor outside play Jim cramer 's mad money show . 19 buff revised , may 11 , 2015 15 . jim cramer folk , this market be not drop ! it 's like the run of the bull in Pamplona . either get out of the way or invest , invest , invest ! the female sale rep ( v.o. ) so , Dr. burry , tell we about this trade . int . conference room - goldman sach - day 19 a sale rep ( lucy thalia ) , a indian number guy ( deeb winston ) all from Goldman sach sit across from Michael burry . Michael look very Men 's warehouse in a blue blazer and slack compare to the Goldman group who look very gq in prada suit . michael burry I want to buy swap on mortgage bond . a credit default swap that pay off if the underlying bond fail . sale rep you want to bet against the housing market ? michael burry yes . deeb winston why ? this bond only fail if million of Americans do not pay they mortgage . that 's never happen in history . if you will excuse I Dr. burry , it seem like a foolish investment . michael burry base on prevaile sentiment of the market , the big bank and popular culture , yes , it 's a foolish investment . but everyone 's wrong . there 's a beat and then everyone laugh except Michael burry who be not kid . sale rep this be Wall Street , Dr. burry . if you offer we free money , we be go to take it . buff revised , may 11 , 2015 16 . michael burry my one concern be that when the bond fail I want to be certain of payment in case of solvency issue with you bank . they be shocked . sale rep I be sorry . be you for real ? you want to be against the housing market the most reliable sector of the american economy and you be worried we will not pay you ? michael burry yes . that 's correct . the Goldman people whisper amongst themselves for a beat . deeb winston we could work out a pay as we go structure that would pay out if the bond 's value fall . but it would also apply to you payment if the value of the mortgage bond go up . you have have to pay we monthly premium . sale rep be that acceptable Dr. burry ? Mike start pull thick document out of he backpack . he slide they across the table . michael burry yes it be . here be prospectuse on 6 mortgage - back security I want to short . they scan they . they be diligent , they make we wait . deeb winston this should be fine . sale rep we be prepare to sell you five million in credit default swap on this mortgage bond . michael burry can we do 100 million ? 20 21 22 23 24 buff revised , may 11 , 2015 17 . ext . goldman sach hallway - moment later 20 Michael burry leave the conference room . as he close the door he hear the sale reps and the number guy laughing and clapping . he hesitates , be he hurt ? but then push on . music : popular hip hop track like gold digger by kanye west michael burry ( v.o. ) be there any way to buy 200 million ? int . deutsche bank - the next day 21 Michael be now across from sale reps from Deutsche Bank . deutsche sale rep I , uh , I do not see why not . but be you sure ? deutsche sale rep # 2 ( wave off he colleague ) absolutely . absolutely we can do that . michael burry that would be great . here be the bond I would like to bet against . he push another bundle of papers across the table . quick cut : of bundle of hand picked michael burry mortgage bond be pushed across table and signed at bank of america , bear stearn , morgan stanley , credit suisse etc . int . fast food restaurant - day 23 the music cut out and we see Michael burry through the front window eat alone at a chain restaurant . his phone buzze . he answer . it 's a photo of he wife , and he 6 year old son Nicholas . under it , it read '' we miss you ! '' int . manhattan night club - night 24 the hip hop song kick back in as source . a upscale club be packed with banker dance and drink . we focus in on the deutsche sale rep and coworker who sold burry the swap . they be clearly celebrate hard . buff revised , may 11 , 2015 18 . trader hey randall , what 's with the dom ? bonuse be not for three month . deutsche sale rep we just sell 200 million today in credit swap for mortgage bond ! some fund manager from California ! Fucking crazy right ? it 's a whole new way to make money ! trader I do not know there be swap on mortgage ! deutsche sale rep there be now ! we make one for he . he must have go off he zoloft ! more dom be pour . a male and female sale rep make out . the Trader step over to another table and tap a guy on the shoulder . trader hey Jared ! do you hear about the deal randall do with some fund manager ? for the first time we see the modern Trader , jare vennett , 32 . he 's smart , a bit slick with a slight jheri curl and wear a sharp suit . he’s our narrator . jare vennett randall 's a foot soldier . it must be a shit deal . graphic : jare vennett trader no , it 's for real . Jared look at camera . jare vennett I tell you I have come in later . trader apparently this guy want 200 mill in credit default swap on mortgage bond ! randall make the sale . can you believe it ?! buff revised , may 11 , 2015 19 . jare vennett someone short 200 mill worth of mortgage bond ? trader that be just with Deutsche . Word be he hit half the town ! jare vennett how much total ? 25 int . michael burry 's fund office - day 25 Michael burry be on the phone with lawrence field . michael burry 1.3 billion . lawrence field what ?! that 's pretty much all of scion 's liquidity ! Michael this be highly distress . 26 int . academy galleria - florence 26 lawrence field be in Florence with the David behind he . he step away to continue the conversation . michael burry it 's not all of we liquidity lawrence . I be not certain you understand this trade . this be a certainty . lawrence field Michael , I consider myself a mentor to you . but we company be not comfortable with this investment . be I be clear ? michael burry I have full autonomy when it come to investment strategy . you can read we agreement - lawrence field do not throw we inception agreement in my face Michael . there be a underlying understanding that you would not act like a goddamn crazy man ! half beat . buff revised , may 11 , 2015 20 . michael burry this be not crazy . it 's all very logical . lawrence field so now we pay out premium on this swap against the housing market until the mortgage fail ? in other word we lose million until something that 's never happen before happen ? michael burry that 's correct . lawrence field and you have no doubt . you be not nervous at all ? michael burry I have no doubt . but yes , I be nervous . it 's a very large position for I to take . lawrence field and will you please tell I what the difference between doubt and nervousness be ? michael burry that be a very good question . and I be sorry but I 'il have to get back to you on that . have a nice vacation lawrence . he hang up . his computer and phone be ding . quick cut of email from michael burry 's investor : 1 . '' have you lose you mind ? I be seriously worried about you . '' 2 . '' what the hell be a credit default swap ??? '' 3 . '' I be not comfortable try to guess what the peak of a 70 year housing spike be ! '' 4 . '' so you be tell I that rather than receive profit on stock I will now be pay premium on this credit default swap you buy ? how be this in anyway good news ? '' and finally we push in on one last ominous email : 27 28 buff revised , may 11 , 2015 21 . '' br lot of people in new york be talking about withdrawing there money from your_fund . '' CUT to : ext . sunny rooftop - day 27 cu of a cell phone on the ground . we hear a voice . voice ( v.o. ) Paul ? be you there Paul ? Paul ! we flash out . int . group therapy session - manhattan - day 28 a group of 7 professionals in suit sit in a circle with a therapist lead the group session . businessman «+ . I be a nice guy all day long . ask anyone . I be a pleasure to work with . but the second my son screw up I be yell at he just like my dad do to I - MARK baum , 40 , moppish hair , rumple suit , will always say what he think , bust into the room . MARK baum I be so sorry I be late ! no cab ! he sit down and start right away . MARK baum ( cont ’d ) so , yeah . I meet with this retail banker yesterday and I be suppose to be get he to invest in we fund but instead I start grill he about over draught penalty and how he bank let a customer write ten , twelve check before they tell they they be overdrawn . and this creep be make billion off of screwing over people this way - therapist Mark - buff revised , may 11 , 2015 22 . MARK baum and I be get madder and madder and I ask this guy how he sleep at night know he 's rip off work people and he just leave . he do not say a word . he just walk away from the lunch . so be I fuck up or be he ? beat as the room catch up . therapist Mark , we have talk about this numerous time . you can not come in late and hijack the entire session . MARK baum I do not hijack the session . ( to another businessman ) do I hijack the session . businessman # 2 yes . MARK baum what have you do ? businessman # 2 I be in commodity . MARK baum of course you be . therapist Mark , I know you suffer a terrible loss ... maybe we can talk about that ...? MARK baum I do not talk about that . hold on ! Mark 's phone be buzzing . MARK baum ( cont ’d ) oh shit . I have to take this . so sorry . he answer and walk out . MARK baum ( cont ’d ) ( onto phone ) I do not care porter . the guy 's whole business be build on rip people off . how long can that last ? 29 a30 buff revised , may 11 , 2015 23 . he leave . the group be leave stunne . graphic : MARK baum ext . manhattan street - later 29 we see giant billboard : for movado watch , mercede suv , designer jeans ( with a topless woman with she back to we ) . we be on the street of Manhattan and Mark 's walk while talk on he phone . music : pop song like hip don ’t lie by shakira play on monitor in the window of a electronics store . January 2006 2 year 7 month until the collapse MARK baum I do not want that kind of business ... I be sorry . money 's not money ... that 's bad money . other than Goldman what company last rip people off like that ? jare vennett ( v.o. ) Mark baum have build a career on never assume anyone or any company be legit without prove it . when he be a kid he excell at study the talmud in yeshiva . that be great . but one day the rabbi tell he Mom why - int . yashiva school - day a30 10 year old Mark baum and he 8 year old brother paul run around with kid in the hallway of a yashiva while he mom , 35 , talk to the rabbi , 52 . rabbi Paul be a fine boy . but he brother Mark ... he be the best student of the torah and the talmud ... mom then what 's the problem rabbi ? rabbi it 's the reason .. he say he study so hard because ... ( more ) buff revised , may 11 , 2015 23a . rabbi ( cont 'd ) he be look for inconsistency in the word of god. 30 buff revised , may 11 , 2015 24 . beat . mom so have he find any ? back to manhattan STREET jare vennett ( v.o. ) later baum start he own fund on Wall Street . he have a amazing nose for bullshit and be not afraid to let everyone know when and where the bull have go number 2 . but then a tragedy happen to Mark that turn he world view dark and ready to believe the whole system be a lie . MARK baum ( see he 's get another call ) I gotta go , it 's Cynthia . I will be in the office in twenty minute . intercut : int . apartment library - park avenue - new york - day 30 Mark 's wife , cynthia ( 35 ) . they twin daughter ( 10 ) be on the floor on match laptop while they son ( 7 ) run around . cynthia you therapist call I . you do it again . MARK there be no cab . what be I suppose to do ? at least I go . cynthia I worry about you Mark . you run around like you have get to right every wrong in the world . everyone 's a creep or a crook . MARK baum Fine . I be a rude guy . and I be piss off . but it 's a shit storm out here sweetie . ( more ) buff revised , may 11 , 2015 24a . MARK baum ( cont 'd ) you have no idea the crap people be pull and the average person just walk around like they be ina goddamn enya video . buff revised , may 11 , 2015 25 . 31 ext . manhattan street - continuous 31 music : dreamy new - age song like enya 's only time we see slo mo people walk down the street . some laugh . some stress about work . some eat hot dog . MARK baum they be all get screw ... credit card , pay day lender , car financing , fee , fee , and more fee . and what do they care about ? the ball game or which actress go into rehab ? music : out cynthia I think you should try medication . MARK nooo . we agree . if it interfered with work . cynthia you hate Wall Street . maybe it 's time to quit . Mark be now try to hail a cab . MARK I love my job . cynthia you hate you job . MARK I love my job ! cynthia you be miserable ! ( get quieter ) Mark . I feel sad about what happen every day . I know you must feel the same ... but you never show it . 32 quick flash to the cell phone on the ground . 32 MARK ( v.o . ) Paul ? be you there Paul ? Paul ! buff revised , may 11 , 2015 25a . we pull up and see a man in a suit walk toward the edge of the build ... and step off . 33 34 buff revised , may 11 , 2015 26 . we CUT back to MARK just as the man fall fully out of frame . int . apartment library - park avenue 33 there be silence for a beat before Cynthia speak . cynthia I know how close you be to you brother ... I keep hope you 's 1ll talk about it . but you never do . and now you be so distrustful of everything and everyone . you do not use to be this way ... ext . manhattan street 34 Mark be quiet . he 's still unconsciously hold he arm up for a cab . MARK please do not . I really can not do this now Cynthia . a cab stop . cynthia we should talk . can you just think about the idea of make a change ? MARK I nil think about anything . i’11l think about shave my head and join a monastery but I can tell you the answer be no . cynthia consider it . please . I be not talk about join a monastery . we could just get off the treadmill and move to vermont and open a b&b . it could be that easy . MARK Fine , I 'il consider it . but honestly , I be okay Cynthia . I really be . ( see a guy try and take he cab ) no ! that 's my cab !! back off asshole ! 35 36 buff revised , may 11 , 2015 27 . he grab the guy and yank he out of the cab . ext . morgan stanley build - later 35 everyone walk in and out of the Morgan stanley building be on they blackberry . Mark get out of he cab while finish a conversation with he cab driver . MARK and remember , get out of that mutual fund you be in . they be go to rape you with fee ! he walk into the building and pass a Morgan stanley higher up kathy tao . kathy tao hello Mark baum ! MARK hey Kathy . you bust I . I have a afternoon personal thing . kathy tao I be not you baby sitter . if frontpoint make Morgan stanley money I be happy ! MARK hey do I hear you be expect ? kathy tao we be expect to be expect ! the ivf be clean we out but we be stay positive ! int . frontpoint office - morgan stanley new york - later 36 small . provisional . a tiny support staff . there be four desk with Mark 's team work at each . Mark enter , push open the door that read '' frontpoint partner . '' MARK hey ! Cynthia want I to quit and open a b&b in vermont ! vinny daniel , a queen city school graduate in a macy 's suit turn from he desk . buff revised , may 11 , 2015 28 . vinny daniel I would love to see Mark baum run a b&b . '' here 's you steel cut oatmeal asshole ! '' jare vennett ( v.o. ) because he do not kiss the ring of the people with the check book Mark baum have to set up he fund under Morgan stanley 's umbrella . his small team reflect Mark 's distrust of the system . MARK yeah . she say this job be make I unhappy . vinny daniel but you be happy when you be unhappy . jare vennett ( v.o. ) vinny Daniel : Mark 's number guy . vinny lose he Father to violent crime when he be young . just like Mark he do not talk about it . vinny daniel ( to camera ) I do not talk about it . a athletic wasp , porter collin , 31 . who wear a suit jacket and polo shirt , cover he blue tooth to chime in . porter collin Cynthia do not mess around . she get I to stop eat gluten . you want I to check the residential real estate market in vermont !? jare vennett ( v.o. ) porter Collins : former Olympic rower who go to Brown . he have work with baum at a previous firm and could not figure out why no one listen to baum , the guy with all the good idea . MARK there 's no way I be move to vermont . Westchester maybe , but not vermont ... buff revised , may 11 , 2015 29 . danny mose ( 31 ) Southern but move fast towards New Yorker , a self - efface analyst type , though he 's actually they trader . he’s finishing a phone call . danny mose +. wait a minute . I think you have the wrong frontpoint . there 's another frontpoint in this same building that be bond . jare vennett ( v.o. ) and Danny mose : the optimist of the bunch . and a hell of a trader , which be why they tolerate the optimism . danny okay ... no problem . he hang up . danny ( cont 'd ) that be a weird call . porter why ? do the person actually enjoy talk to you ? danny it be this guy from Deutsche who be talk about short housing bond . in the middle of the call I realize he 's get the wrong frontpoint . he want the one of the eighth floor . vinny he want to short housing bond ? who bet against housing ? ( due diligence ) what 's the abx at ? porter what 's the abx ? vinny it track sub-prime mortgage bond value . Danny check he computer . 37 buff revised , may 11 , 2015 30 . danny it 's down ... wow . that 's weird . it 's down three point since last year . I have not hear a peep about that . MARK what be this guy 's name again ? danny Jared vennett . from Deutsche . he sound pretty sketchy . one of the assistant ( the real danny mose ) look up to camera . assistant this actually happen . I be the real Danny mose . a wrong number lead we to one of the biggest lead in investment history . I still work in New York and I be not that much of a optimist . MARK baum call he back . tell he we want to hear he presentation .. vinny you wanna take advice from a trader we do not know -- about a market we do not understand -- cause the idiot dial a wrong number ? MARK baum yeah . why not ? danny if he would even show up , it would be to screw we . MARK baum probably . vinny definitely . int . conference room - the next day 37 Jared vennett , he chinese quantitative analyst , ted jiang and a Deutsche young sale rep stand and sit in front of the room . buff revised , may 11 , 2015 31 . Mark , porter , vinny and Danny listen to the bond trader 's spiel , which be condescending and very sharp . the Deutsche rep hand out hard copy . MARK baum so how many people have you talk to about this trade ? jare a few . and there 's definitely some interest . 38 fast cut : a half dozen people that he talked to previously8 saying '' no '' '' get lost jare '' '' you 're high '' etc . 39 int . conference room - continuous 39 MARK baum ( sarcasm ) which be why you be here talk to we , a wrong number . jare vennett look , some people have call I in to just laugh at I on this deal . be that what this be ? vinny that 's not what this be . that 's just Mark . we wanna hear this . jare vennett okay , here we go ... on the table be a jenga game of stack wooden block . on the side of the block be write the rating of the tier AAA , aa , bbb , bb , and B . jare vennett ( cont ’d ) this be a basic mortgage bond . the original one be simple , thousand of AAA mortgage bundle together and sell with a guarantee from the US government . but the modern day one be private and be make up of layer of tranches , with the AAA high rate get pay first and the lowest , B rate get pay last and take on default first . ( more ) he throw buff revised , may 11 , 2015 31a . jare vennett ( cont ’d ) obviously if you be buy B level you can get pay more . hey , they be risky , so sometimes they fail ... one of the B block into a trash can . jare but somewhere along the line this B and bb level tranches go from risky to dog shit . I be talk rock bottom fico score , no income verification , adjustable rate ... Dog shit . default rate be already up from 1 to 4 percent . if they rise to 8 percent , and they will , a lot of this bbb 's be go to zero . buff revised , may 11 , 2015 32 . Jared chuck another B block and a bb in the garbage . jare ( cont 'd ) and that , my friend , be a opportunity . danny you be sure of the math ? Jared gesture to he chinese quant , sit to he right . Ted turn jare jiang be my quant . look at he , he do not even speak English . he win a national math competition in China . China . yeah I be sure of the math . to camera . ted jiang actually I do speak English . Jared like to say I do not because he think it make I seem more authentic . and I finish second in the national math competition . some people at work think Jared 's a dick but he 's great at he job . vinny so you be offer we the chance to short that pile of block ? how ? jare with something call a credit default swap . it 's like insurance on the bond . and if it go bust you can make a 10 to 1 , even 20 to 1 return . and it 's already slowly go bust . but no one 's pay attention cause all the bank be busy get pay obscene amount of fee sell this bond . basically I be stand in front of a burn house and offer you fire insurance on it . Danny 's try to get he head around Jared 's number . danny how can the underlying bond in this pool be as bad as you say ? they would not be legal . buff revised , may 11 , 2015 33 . jare no one know what 's in this bond . I have see some that be 65 % AAA rate that be actually full of 95 percent subprime shit with fico below 550 . vinny get the fuck out of here ! jare and now get ready to really have you mind blow . I just discover this treat ... ted jiang ( to camera ) we discover it . but that 's fine . he 's on a roll . jare ...- when the market deem some bond too risky to buy , what do you think happen to it ? we just warehouse they on we book ?! no . they get repackage , with a whole bunch of other shit that do not sell , into a cdo . MARK a what ? Jared take a bunch of the bbb , bb and B rate block and make a precarious new tower . jare a collateralize debt obligation . a c-d-o . we put a bunch of unsold B , bb or bbb bond together , when the pile get large enough , the whole thing 's consider diversify and the whore at the rating agency rate it 92 , 93 % AAA . no question ask . MARK Holy hell ... say that again . freeze : Mark , lean forward completely engage . buff revised , may 11 , 2015 33a . jare ( v.o . ) the collateralize debt obligation . it 's important to understand because it 's what allow a housing crisis to become a nation wide economic disaster . so here be world famous chef Anthony bourdain to explain . buff revised , may 11 , 2015 34 . 40 int . chef 's kitchen - day 40 in a high end professional kitchen ANTHONY bourdain open a fridge with a bunch of fish in it . ANTHONY bourdain okay , I be a chef on a Sunday afternoon set the night 's menu at a big restaurant . I order my fish on Friday which be the mortgage bond that Michael burry short . but some of the fresh fish do not sell . I do not know why , maybe it just come out halibut have the intelligence of a dolphin . so what be I go to do , throw all this unsold old fish , which be the bbb level of the bond , in the garbage and take the loss ? bourdain chop up the old fish and push it into the big pot of '' seafood stew . '' ANTHONY bourdain ( cont ’d ) no way . be the crafty and morally onerous chef that I be , whatever crappy level of the bond I do not sell I throw into a '' sea food stew . '' see , it 's not old fish . it 's a whole new thing ! and no one know they be eat three day old halibut . that be a cdo . 4l int . conference room - continuous 41 back to the scene MARK wait , wait , so the mortgage bond be dog shit but the cdo be dog shit wrap in garbage ? jare institution treat this cdo like they be as solid as treasury bond and this thing be go to zero . danny that can not be right . there be 500 billion in housing bond sell last year alone . ( more ) 42 buff revised , may 11 , 2015 danny ( cont 'd ) the bank , the rating agency , the government ... they would not let this happen . jare they would and they do . my whole department be long this stuff . the prick be call I Chicken Little and bubble boy . but when reality hit the idiot in my department will not be laugh . he start pull block out of the cdo and mb tower and throw they in the garbage . jare ( cont 'd ) triple B 's ? Zero. double b's ? Zero . b's ? Zero . on this last one , the table shake ... both tower collapse . jare ( cont 'd ) then that happen . MARK what 's that ? jare that be aermcia 's housing market . int . frontpoint office - day vinny , Danny and porter cluster unhappily at they desk . 42 they watch Mark say good - bye to the Deutsche Bank team at the door . he 's lose in think as he return . vinny he 's play we . he 's dump he position . MARK what if he 's right ? vinny you want he to be right ! MARK yes , I do . when a bank offer a loan , people take it . why ? because they assume bank know more about money than they do . ( more ) buff revised , may 11 , 2015 36 . MARK ( cont 'd ) bank have spend decade training we to let they handle we money and credit . how else do they get away with credit card that keep you in debt for year ? Student loan rate that you never get free of ? financing , for many Americans , be just a fancy term for get rape . then this guy walk in my office ... tell I that same bank get greedy ... lose track of the market ... and I can now profit off they stupidity ? fuck yeah , I want he to be right . danny thing can not be as bad as he say out there . MARK let 's find out . that 's we job . vinny why do not you hate this guy ? he 's everything you teach we not to trust . MARK I can not hate he . he 's so transparent in he self interest I kind of respect he . would I buy a car from he ? no way . be he right about the mortgage market ? let 's find out . ( the other moan ) look , it 's two very simple question . be there a housing bubble ? and if there be , how expose be the bank ? Mark 's team can not resist he when he 's in adventure mode . 43 buff revised , may 11 , 2015 37 . danny yeah , okay . Fine . porter sure . vinny pfiff he concession . MARK and let 's move fast . if vennett 's right , it 's only a matter of time before every loser with a few million buck in a fund jump on this . int . high end dance club - night 43 music : a rap song with a great beat and attitude like grillz by nelly jamie shipley , 30 , good look but earnest and charlie geller , 31 , very smart and neurotic be dance on a dance floor in a high end chelsea club . women come to handsome Jamie but he horrible dance soon chase they away to Charlie who try to impress . charlie hey lady ! I be Charlie ! this be Jamie ! the women move away . moment late : Charlie and Jamie approach a table full of attractive manhattan professional women . charlie ( cont 'd ) ( yell over the music ) hi lady ! I be Charlie . this be Jamie ! jamie hi! I be Jamie ! attractive manhattan professional how can we help you ? charlie I will just be straight with you . no game . the truth be , you all be very attractive and we want to get to know you ! buff revised , may 11 , 2015 37a . attractive manhattan professional get the fuck away from we ! charlie okay ! Jamie start to sit down with they . charlie ( cont 'd ) no ! they say fuck off . jamie ooh ! Jamie jump up and they leave . 44 buff revised , may 11 , 2015 38 . graphic : charlie geller and jamie shipley int . lobby waiting area - jp morgan - new york - day 44 Charlie and Jamie sit nervous under massive richter work . charlie jp Morgan . can you believe it ? jamie okay , do not make I nervous . they be just people . finally , they hear ... young man' voice brownfield Fund ? they stand , straighten they suit . a boy banker hurry out from behind the reception desk . charlie you must be Ted ! young banker no , I be Chris . I be on Ted 's desk . charlie oh. I be Charlie . Charlie geller . jamie Jamie shipley . we be excited to get set up on you trading platform . young banker cool . here , guy , have a seat a second . he gesture to the chair they just stand from . not good . young banker ( cont ’d ) Ted ask I to do some meeting prep but I could not find any marketing material on you . buff revised , may 11 , 2015 39 - 40 . charlie oh. sorry . we do not have any . we recently move here from Colorado . young banker get it . can we see you offer document ? charlie ( sheepish ) brownfield be all we own money . young banker well , can you tell we how much you manage ? charlie sure . it 's 30 million , but we start four year ago with 110 thousand . so , we return have be pretty phenomenal . jamie we want to get a isda agreement with jp Morgan so we can deal in long term option . young banker that 's cool . but you be under the capital requirement for a isda . charlie like , by how much ? young banker one billion four hundred seventy million . Jamie and Charlie flinch . charlie do it make we look bad that we do not know what the capital requirement be ? young banker it 's not great . awkward beat . young banker ( cont ’d ) have a good one guy . he walk away . buff revised , may 11 , 2015 Al . jamie B of a and bear do not return we call and even wachovia blow we off . 30 million mean nothing to this bank . they keep call we '' high net worth individual . '' charlie here 's the prospectuse and brochure of all the other loser who do not get past the lobby . there be scattered brochure and folder with name like '' the nostradamus Fund '' and '' the Long short Group . '' under one be Jared vennett 's '' short the house market . '' charlie ( cont 'd ) look ... this guy 's say the housing market be a massive bubble ... Jamie look to camera jamie we do not really find Jared vennett 's housing bubble pitch in the lobby of a bank that reject we . ( more ) 45 46 47 buff revised , may 11 , 2015 42 . jamie ( cont 'd ) the truth be , a friend tell Charlie about it . and I read about it in grant 's interest rate observer . but this be more fun . charlie this guy say there be 10 to l return on credit default swap on mortgage back security . he say they whole housing market will collapse ... freeze . jare vennett ( v.o . ) for Jamie and Charlie , the housing market doomsday prediction be music to they ear . omit 45 omit 46 ext . boulder colorado - garage - summer day 47 a crappy garage with computer paper on the wall read '' the brownfield Fund '' it 's hot as Jamie and Charlie work on they lap top . Jamie pour water over he head . a chocolate lab sleep on the floor . jare vennett ( v.o. ) they have start work out of Jamie 's garage with 110 thousand Jamie have save take sailboat up and down the east coast . they strategy be simple and brilliant ... charlie people hate to think about bad thing happen so they underestimate they likelihood . jamie Holy shit . that 's like the most brilliant thing you have ever say ! buff revised , may 11 , 2015 42a . jare vennett ( v.o. ) and Jamie and Charlie find bank will sell option very cheaply on thing they think will never ever happen . when they be wrong , they be wrong small . but when they be right , they be right big . within a a few year they have turn they 110 grand into 30 million . but then it be time to go to NYC . and so far , it be not go well . 48 int . jp morgan lobby - continuous 48 jamie so what if it do seem interesting . no bank will give we we isda . we be dead in the water . charlie I think we should call Ben . buff revised , may 11 , 2015 43 . 49 ext . residential STREET - day 49 freeze : we CUT to BEN rickert , 45 , and the most neurotic person we have meet so far , walk he dog with Jamie on a residential STREET or park . jare vennett ( v.o. ) Ben rickert be a former trader in Singapore for chase who have quit the whole game in disgust . he happen to be Jamie 's neighbor when they be in Colorado and they meet walk dog . but Ben be dark . he do not just think the whole system would fail , he think the whole world be go down . 50 int . sam' house - night 50 we see hand put down jug of water next to a dozen jug of water in a kitchen . it 's Jamie and Charlie . jamie hey Ben ! do you think you have enough water ? BEN ( 0.c . ) average precipitation in this region be down 2 % a year for the past eight year ! and Congress just cut the budget to police loose nuke ! charlie God he 's paranoid . Ben enter . freeze BEN not paranoid . prepare . jare vennett ( v.o. ) Ben have real experience in a big bank . Jamie and Charlie have never even be in a Manhattan bank bathroom . but Ben be do with the banking world . he be very clear . 51 int . jp morgan lobby - continuous 51 52 buff revised , may 11 , 2015 44 , jamie look , there really could be something here . but it 's pretty bold , so let 's do some digging before we call Ben . charlie ( still peruse the pitch ) . wow . this be pretty shocking . it 's like it 's all hide in plain sight ... lobby security guard seriously guy ! I need you out of here ! now ! CUT to : cu : the hilarious scowl of the miami dolphins logo . int . terminal —- miami airport - day 52 porter and Danny pass a shop with the dolphin logo on every conceivable domestic item . they be on a mission , one they be sure be a waste of time . porter one time Mark send I to Indiana for a week to check out a air conditioner factory . he think they be use inferior material . they be not . danny come on , it 's not so bad . it 's Florida . besides , I never get to travel . let 's have fun . porter do not be chipper in the face of I be miserable . please . it make I hate you . danny I be not be chipper . beat as they walk . danny ( cont 'd ) maybe we can get some Cuban food . I hear it 's amazing in Miami . buff revised , may 11 , 2015 44a . porter I be serious Danny . knock it off . danny how be want to eat chipper ? 53 ext . unfinished subdivision - dusk 53 porter and Danny get out of a rental car and consider a faile development . four model house sit alone , close for business , they perfect yard surround by cyclone fencing . 54 55 56 57 buff revised , may 11 , 2015 45 . STREET light now come on across the empty and half finished subdivision . Danny and porter be puzzle , and intrigue . danny it 's like they just walk away ... int . conference hall - corporate HOTEL - that night 54 two-hundred eager participant attend a seminar call , " you can be a Real estate millionaire ! " seminar leader Real estate be the only entrepreneurial activity available to all Americans . why ? simple , it do not require capital . that 's right . let I say that again . you do not need money to be a real estate millionaire ! in the back , porter sip a hotel takeaway cup , stunne , appal . Danny take note . a eager greeter spot they . she slip out . greeter hello gentleman . be you interested in the 10 CD set ? only 2999 dollar ! porter we be good ! thank you . porter and Danny slip away . ext . front porch - ranch house - next day 55 Danny knock like someone knock for the last time . no answer . he look in the mail slot ... the house be empty . ext . front porch - another ranch house - day 56 cover in old newspaper . porter check one for a date . it 's three month old . ext . front porch - yet another ranch house - day 57 Danny peer in a front window . this time , the door open . a sleepy man with a tattooed neck rub he eye . 58 59 buff revised , may 11 , 2015 46 . danny oh. hello . I be surveying mortgage owner who be over 90 day delinquent . I be look for a ... harvey humpsey ? tattooed neck you want my landlord 's dog ? danny you landlord fill out he mortgage use he dog 's name ? tattooed neck I guess so . hold up , have that asshole not be pay he mortgage ? Cause I be pay my rent . danny he be 90 day late on he payment , yes . tattooed neck seriously , be I go to have to leave ? there 's fear in he eye , the last thing Danny expect . a child now appear between the big man 's leg . tattooed neck ( cont ’d ) Cause my kid just get settle in the school . danny um . I do not know . you should talk to you landlord . sorry . have a good day ! the man stay at the door as Danny hurry away . int . foyer - still yet another ranch house - day 58 the door open . Danny and porter peer in ... the place be abandon ; its few modest furnishings , cover in dust . porter hello ?! anybody here ?! hola ?! yo ?! int . live room and home office - continuous 59 porter try a light switch , dead . 60 61 62 buff revised , may 11 , 2015 47 . a corkboard above a desk still have post-it . the carpet be cover with file , book , a box of old photo . porter the only thing they take be they tv! he pick up a dusty time magazine with Greenspan / summer / rubin on the cover . " the Committee to save the World " . danny ( 0.s . ) come here ! int . den and kitchen - continuous 60 White bread mold in the bag . at the counter , porter watch Danny show the old mortgage bill : the house 's owner use a black marker to circle the amount due and then write ... sorry ! ext . back yard - continuous 61 the back yard be over grow and the pool be murky green . porter I think I see three house in the whole development with car in the driveway . suddenly something swirl in the pool and they see a 10 foot alligator emerge and submerge . danny Holy ... fuck ... shit . ext . cuban restaurant - day 62 danny be visible in the window of a cuban restaurant eating . porter be outside on the sidewalk on he phone . porter hey Mark , you might want to get down here . CUT to : 63 64 buff revised , may 11 , 2015 48 . int . scion office - day 63 we pan past scion 's office which be now litter with empty desk and land on the white board show last quarter 's return : - 9.3 % . two analyst talk to each other from they desk gossipe while burry in he office work on he computer . analyst # 2 I hear he have a breakdown . he 's let the fund tank . young analyst a buddy of mine in Manhattan say burry leave he wife and be move to Peru . a phone ring at burry 's assistant 's desk . mike' assistant ( answer the phone ) ) scion . Dr. burry 's office . .-- he would prefer you email he ... I sit twenty foot away and I email he -- the front door open . lawrence field and martin blaine ( 45 ) of Metro Capital enter . 2 thousand dollar sport coat and polo shirt . they stride right for Mike 's office . mike' assistant start to email burry furiously , give up , stand . mike' assistant ( cont 'd ) ( loudly ) Mr. field . Mr. blaine . hello . they enter Mike 's office , shut the door . young analyst be that lawrence field ? Holy shit . int . scion office - mike' office - day 64 lawrence sit . Martin stand . they be angry . yet , Mike , in T - shirt , shirt with no shoe , do not seem to even register there 's any emotion here at all . buff revised , may 11 , 2015 49 . lawrence field you big mortgage bet concern we . we have no confidence in you ability to identify macroeconomic trend . mike you fly here to tell I that ? why ? I mean , anyone can see there 's a real estate bubble . lawrence field actually , no one can see a bubble ... that 's what make it a bubble . mike that 's dumb , lawrence . there be always marker . mortgage fraud . it 's quintupled since 2000 . average take home pay be flat yet home price be soar . that mean the home be debt not asset . martin blaine so , Mike burry of San Jose , a guy who get he hair cut at Super cut and do not wear shoe , know more than Alan Greenspan and hank paulson ? mike Dr. Mike burry . and , yes . he do . lawrence field be you be sarcastic with we , Michael ? mike I do not know how to be sarcastic . I do not know how to be funny . I do not know how to work people . I know how to read number . okay , let 's talk number . lawrence change tack . lawrence field how big 's you short position ? right now ? mike it 's 1.3 billion . buff revised , may 11 , 2015 50 . lawrence field and the premium ? mike we pay roughly 80 to 90 million every year . ( they wince ) I know it 's high but I be the first one to do this trade . it will pay . watch . I may have be early , but I be not wrong . martin blaine it 's the same thing ! lawrence raise a finger to ask he partner for restraint . lawrence field you be manage , what , a fund of 555 million ? ( Mike nod ) in 6 year it will all be go . on one bet . mike second quarter of 07 's the adjustable rate will kick in and default will sky rocket . martin blaine say you . lawrence field how much be eligible for withdrawal before they do , say in the next two quarter ? ( then ) if you investor panic . mike it 's 302 million . lawrence field my God , Michael . mike no one will pull out ! it would be suicide ! yeah , I be down 17 percent for the year , but if they trust I -- martin blaine no one trust you . 65 buff revised , may 11 , 2015 51 . mike I have write several email to the investor let they know second quarter of 07 's be when we position on housing show return . I have be very clear . he sound like a crazy man defend himself to a tree . lawrence field there will be redemption . mike well , that would be really stupid . ( angry ) if the fund 's capital drop too much , the swap contract be void . and the bank get to keep the collateral ! martin blaine what ? they do not know this , and it seal the deal . lawrence field give we we money back . close on : bumpersticker : '' pricing get traffic , staging get offer . '' the sticker 's on a brand new ... int . mercede suv - upscale subdivision - day 65 Mark get a house tour from a wealthy real estate agent . music : a dreamy samba like so nice by bebel gilberto real estate agent the market 's in a itsy - bitsy little gully right now . it 's like everybody say , " okay , that be crazy . let 's all just slow down . " a younger agent sit in the back between Danny and porter . Mark 's engross by the upper-middle - class world out the window ; every driveway have a new suv , or odd prius . every garage have a winnebago , jet ski , speed boat . complicate riding mower . trampoline . plunder Ebay and amazon box . 66 67 68 buff revised , may 11 , 2015 52 . and , yet , there be for sale sign everywhere . ext . tract mansion - day 66 a attractive brick house , exhaustively landscape . in fact , the harry homeowner be now edging he lawn . real estate agent ( 0.s. ) I sell it the year it be build for 350 . i/e. mercede suv - day 67 the suv have stop at a discreet distance . real estate agent two year later for 480 . then ...585 maybe ... only 18 month later . this couple buy it last year for 650 , he would let it go for that . he spot she . come show it ! she wave back . not today ! real estate agent ( cont 'd ) it will break he heart , but he will let it go . MARK why 's he sell ? real estate agent neither one 's work right now . younger agent marlene , you would say they be motivate , right ? real estate agent as much as one can be in this neighborhood . i/ E. suv - travelling - day 68 shot of the suv drive they past big house for sale . 69 70 buff revised , may 11 , 2015 53 . real estate agent House on the leave might be motivate ... that be another quasi - motivate seller ... they be probably teensy - weensy bit motivate ... in she case I would say possibly almost motivate . Danny and porter exchange a look . the market 's in trouble . MARK a lot of homeowner seem pretty motivate . real estate agent it 's the gully . that 's all . just nerve . ( face Mark ) so ... where be we ? MARK let I talk to my wife . younger agent this market will not last . MARK actually , can I talk with a mortgage broker ? anyone you like ? omit 69 int . HOTEL bar - south beach - day 70 black bitch better like I , I send she to cabo . the bar 's empty save Mark , Danny and porter sit with two overly - groom mortgage broker -- they tie match they shirt : the hip one 's in black ; he friend , maroon . the guy in maroon have porter 's business card . maroon be Morgan stanley recruiting we ? porter the bank own we hedge fund but we be not really part of it . we invest in financial service company . ( more ) buff revised , may 11 , 2015 53a . porter ( cont 'd ) we be here try to understand the residential mortgage business . buff revised , may 11 , 2015 54 , the broker just nod , glad to be part of the conversation . MARK how many loan do you write each month ? black it 's about 60 . maroon nod . I , too . almost . MARK what be it four year ago ? black ten. maybe 15 . maroon I be a bartender . danny how many be adjustable rate mortgage ? black most . ninety percent . the bonuse on that sky rockete a few year ago . adjustable be we bread and honey . MARK this be people buy a primary residence ? black no , they be all cash - out refi 's , or property to flip . a shitload of condo . a few primary . danny do mortgage applicant ever get turn down ? they laugh . black dude , if they get reject I suck at my job . danny even if they have no money ? buff revised , may 11 , 2015 55 . maroon well , my firm offer ninja loan . no income . no job . I just leave the income section blank if I want , corporate do not care . and the people just want a house . so they go with the flow . black we call that loan '' dorothy '' cause they be magic . no credit , no income , no problem : just tap you shoe together three time and say '' there 's nothing like own a home . '' MARK you company do not verify ? black if I write a loan on Friday afternoon , the big bank buy it by Monday lunch . maroon same here . MARK can you two hold on a second ? 71 int . HOTEL lobby - second later 71 eyeing the broker , Mark whisper with porter and Danny . MARK I do not get it . why be they confess ? danny that 's not confess . porter they be brag . 72 int . HOTEL bar - day 72 Mark take a ottoman right in front of the broker . MARK do customer ever know what they be buy ? 73 buff revised , may 11 , 2015 56 . maroon I focus my business on immigrant . once you tell they they be get a home they sign where you tell they to sign , do not ask question , do not really understand the rate . Mark start to say something , then turn to Black . MARK you target immigrant , too ? maroon ha ! they credit be not bad enough for he ! black I be a yield guy . I make 2,000 on fix - rate prime loan . I can make 10,000 on a subprime adjustable . trust I , I would not be drive a hummer without stripper . nobody on the pole have good credit . and they be all cash rich . porter and Danny watch Mark consider punch this punk . the last thing they expect be ... MARK can you introduce we ? int . alcove - VIP room - strip club - night 73 music : a sexy pop song like sexyback by justin timberlake dancer I always get option - pay adjustable . I be a private contractor . I need flexibility . a dancer do rote gyration . Mark 's indifferent to the lap dance , unashame , occupy by he agenda . MARK you tell the mortgage company what you do ? dancer I write therapist . ( and then ) you can touch I . buff revised , may 11 , 2015 57 . MARK always ? dancer only in the VIP . MARK no , you say you always do adjustable . you have more than one loan on a property ? dancer everybody do . at least down here . that way you only put down like 5 percent . MARK but price have levele off . dancer yeah , there 's a gully . MARK can you stop move ? I will still pay you . she peek out of the alcove , see a burly man with a hard face and keep dance . dancer sorry , ( mouth it ) we be not alone . MARK okay , look , if home price do not rise you will not be able to refinance . you will be stick with whatever you monthly payment jump to after the teaser rate expire . plus any payment you miss . plus interest on that payment ! you monthly could go up 200 or 300 percent ! dancer Jamie say I can always refinance . MARK he 's lie . actually , in this particular case , Jamie 's probably just wrong . buff revised , may 11 , 2015 57a . dancer two hundred percent ? on all my loan ? buff revised , may 11 , 2015 58 . MARK what do you mean all my loan ? we be talk about two loan on one house , right ? she stop and give he a look . dancer I have five house . and a condo . 74 int . ticketing area - miami airport - day 74 full of purpose , Mark stride ahead of porter and Danny . MARK get the mortgage exposure and leverage ratio of every bulge bracket i- bank -- ( into he phone ) -- hey , there 's a bubble . vinny ( 0.s. ) how do you know ? MARK trust I . call vennett . buy 50 million in swap on the mb ... Danny hold out the offer doc . MARK ( cont 'd ) ..- garabaldi iv . triple B. vinny ( 0.s. ) you sure , Mark ? MARK yeah . it 's time to call bullshit . vinny ( 0.s. ) bullshit on what ? MARK everything . 75 int . gym - day 75 Jared vennett be run on a treadmill when the phone ring . buff revised , may 11 , 2015 59 . jare ( on he cell ) be this America 's angriest hedge fund ? vinny ( 0.s. ) how be you , jare ? Jared step off the treadmill to take the call . jare start to believe my own hype . vinny ( 0.s. ) I have get one last question . 76 int . trading desk - frontpoint office - day 76 vinny on the phone . vinny how be you fuck we ? Jared cackle . vinny ( cont 'd ) I be serious . we will buy you swap . but only if you say how you be fuck we . jare ( 0.s. ) hold on . 77 int . gym - day 77 Jared step away from a few guy work out . jare swap be a dark market . that mean I set the price . whatever price I want . when you come back for you pay day I will rip you eye out and make a fortune . the good news for you be you will make so much you will not care . plus you boss have a big mouth and I need people to know about this trade so my superior do not think it 's a esoteric waste of time and I can keep sell it . static . buff revised , may 11 , 2015 59a . vinny ( 0.s. ) thank you . 78 a79 b79 buff revised , may 11 , 2015 60 . jare anytime . ( then ) what 's it gonna be ? you want I to make you a market ? vinny ( 0.s. ) yeah . we will take 50 million -- he disconnect , punch air . his casual pose evaporate . omit 78 ext . wide shot of boulder colorado - day a79 can be stock footage show mountain and the town of Boulder . we hear a phone ringing . int . BEN rickert 's home office - boulder colorado - day b79 april 2006 2 year 4 month until the collapse cu on a cell phone ringing on a desk . a hand fumble for it and answer . BEN hello ? it 's Ben rickert . his office have three computer screen show the japanese market , the Dow , nasdaq , weather satellite image and tidal chart . jamie ( v.o. ) hey Ben . it 's Jamie - BEN I tell you not to call this number . he hang up . after a beat a satellite phone ring . Ben answer . BEN ( cont 'd ) hey . jamie ( v.o . ) I hate when you do that . no one 's listen to you call Ben . you be a retire trader . 79 buff revised , may 11 , 2015 60a . BEN really ? so the NSA have a 52 billion dollar budget and the ability to monitor 10 's of million of call a second but they be not use it ? jamie okay fine . we 'il call this number and I 'il stop say '' Ben rickert '' and '' dirty bomb '' in the same conversation . BEN seriously do not do that . that 's not funny . charlie ( v.o. ) do you read what we send you ?! it 's Charlie ! I be here too ! BEN hey guy . yeah , I check out what you send I ... hold on ... Ben pick up a bootleg copy of Jared 's presentation . int . brownfield office - greenwich village - day 79 a brick loft . Jamie and Charlie be gather around a phone on speaker . we cut back and forth . jamie and ? BEN ( v.0 ) I ’1ll be honest gentleman ... it scared the shit out I . buff revised , may 11 , 2015 61 . charlie so this guy vennett 's not wrong ? BEN ( v.o. ) no ... he 's not . charlie yes ! BEN ( v.0 ) tell I more about this cdo ... I feel like I open the hood of a car and instead of a engine see a monkey on a bike . Ben hold up a report Jamie and Charlie do on cdo . jamie vennett mention the cdo but they be way worse than even he know . we could not even model they . charlie they do not make any sense ! and they be a hundred time larger than the mb ! BEN ( v.o. ) and somehow they be over 90 % AAA rate . the perfect scam . freeze jare vennett ( v.o. ) I all be honest . I do not love that this loser be say I miss something but the truth be they be right . the cdo be a hundred time worse than even I imagine . let 's go back to bourdain 's seafood stew so we be all on the same page . a80 int . kichen -- day a80 bourdain stand over the pot of seafood stew . bourdain alright , remember how I say the cdo be seafood stew fill with old fish stamp AAA ? well Jamie and Charlie find out the cdo be even worse than that . ( more ) b80 buff revised , may 11 , 2015 61a . bourdain ( cont 'd ) turn out they be fill with shitty mortgage from different bond that do not even operate by the same law . and there be also swap and all kind of other junk just throw in there . million and million of this garbage ... so instead of just old fish we seafood stew also have ... wolverine meat in it ... he put a weird gray meat in . bourdain ( cont 'd ) possum ... skunk ... kimodo dragon and then a whole lot of stuff the no one even know what it be . bourdain reach into a box mark simply meat ( ? ) and throw a bunch in . bourdain ( cont 'd ) and this cdo be sell and sell .... wee pull out and see dozen of pot of stew all around the kitchen . bourdain ( cont 'd ) nut , right ? int . brownfield office - greenwich village - day b80 BEN ( v.o. ) I see the cdo you want to short . the be brilliant . worthless , total crap . charlie Jamie shipley , lady and gentlemen . jamie I be good at find shit . if I can keep Charlie from try to sneak in a little value . charlie Sue I , I be jewish . we short all double bbs and triple B 's . the risk be relatively low and the pay off be 25 to l. buff revised , may 11 , 2015 61b . BEN ( v.o. ) so why be you call I ? I do not do this anymore . Charlie and Jamie share a careful glance . charlie look , Ben , help we get a isda so we can short this crap . we know you hate Wall Street but it 's not like you would be trading , you would only be help we get a place at the table . BEN ( v.o. ) that 's a ugly table to be seat at . jamie the system fuck up in a big , big way here . and somehow we know before anyone else . ( more ) buff revised , may 11 , 2015 62 . jamie ( cont 'd ) this be a once in a lifetime trade . help we make this deal . come on , it 'il be fun . BEN ( v.o. ) oh this will not be fun . Sam 's tone be less than definite , he 's clearly tempt . jamie I do not mean fun . BEN ( v.o. ) you say fun . beat BEN ( v.o. ) okay , I will call Deutsche Bank . Charlie and Jamie high five . charlie thank you . what about bear ? they have some reprehensible product . BEN ( v.0 . ) okay . bear will trade with anybody . Silent air pump . jamie how soon can you be out here ? BEN ( v.o . ) I do not know ... I have not fly since they put that chertoff body scanner in the airport . I have never be a fan of be strip searched by radiation . ( take a breath ) I will be there Tuesday . Jamie and Charlie celebrate more . music : a popular alternative hip hop song like feel good inc by gorillaz play we into the next scene . c80 int . kennedy airport terminal - day c80 Ben ride the long airport escalator wear a flu mask . and hold a duffle bag . d80 80 buff revised , may 11 , 2015 62a . he pass a asian man also wear a flu mask , salute he comrade - in-fear . the man stare back confuse . at the bottom of the escalator Charlie and Jamie wait with a sign read '' Ben rickert '' Ben walk past they with out break stride and crumple up the sign . ext . deutsche bank - two hour later d80 establish int . lobby - deutsche bank - day 80 Charlie and Jamie sign a isda contract in the lobby . Ben wait over they . noah , 26 , vennett 's assistant take the contract . noah all right . I will see if I can push it through . BEN thanks , noah . and thank Jared for we . Charlie and Jamie stand . noah go . the boy exchange a unsure look . what now ? Ben gesture to the exit . jamie you know , just once in my life , I would like to see the inside of a investment bank . charlie so that 's it Ben ? we be do ? BEN that 's it . between bear and duetsche , you now officially own 12 million dollar of credit default swap on the bbb - tranches of subprime abs 's . charlie somehow I think it would be more dramatic . jamie so what would we do now ? buff revised , may 11 , 2015 62b . Ben do not break stride . 81 82 buff revised , may 11 , 2015 63 . BEN now we wait for the world to blow up . CUT to : quote come up over black : 81 '' the truth will set you free . but not until it be do with you . '' - david foster wallace , infinite jest CUT to : ext . midtown - morgan stanley build - day 82 a electronic scroll on the side of Morgan stanley read : mortgage delinquency hit New High January 11 , 2007 1 year 7 month until the collapse we hear snippet of business news audio : snippet of business news Ben bernanke call the news a momentary market fluctuation .... despite the disappoint housing news all other market indicator be very strong .... Mark baum be run down the street while dial he phone and try to hail a cab . MARK hello ! vinny Daniel please ! a cab stop , he get in . MARK ( cont 'd ) the Morgan stanley building . fast . vinny ( feint voice on the cell ) hello ? Mark be that you ? MARK vinny ! do you see ? buff revised , may 11 , 2015 64 . 83 int . frontpoint partner office - day 83 vinny be walk through the frontpoint office . Danny , porter and the rest of the staff be on the phone . MARK ( v.o. ) mortgage default just go through the roof ! be anybody jump off building ? vinny why would they ? subprime mortgage bond price be up . we see email on vinny 's screen from duetsche notify that the bond 's value be up . '' garabaldi iv : bbb tranche '' MARK ( v.o. ) what ?! porter turn over he shoulder from he desk . porter vennett be ask for more collateral on we swap ! MARK ( v.o. ) what the hell 's go on ?! vinny we do not know . but Deutsche be on the phone demand payment . MARK ( v.o. ) somebody call vennett . ( porter do so ) subprime loan go bad ... but subprime bond get more valuable ?! vinny they want another 2 million by market close . MARK ( v.o. ) what about the rating 's agency ? be moody 's and s&p downgrade cdo or mortgage bond ? vinny nope . they be all still triple A. 84 buff revised , may 11 , int . cab - same time MARK motherfucker ! 2015 64a. 84 buff revised , may 11 , 2015 65 . the West African cab driver look over he shoulder . cab driver be everything okay sir ? MARK yeah , other than the fact America be a cesspool of corruption and greed . cab driver that be very true sir ! but I never hear Americans say it ! haha ! vinny ( v.o. ) that 's not all Mark ... 85 int . tiny side office - frontpoint - day 85 vinny peer into they Conference room , where there be three risk manager . stand at the head of the table be a very pregnant , Kathy tao . vinny the frontpoint risk guy be here . they call in Kathy tao . they be try to convince she to make we to sell we swap . apparently , tie up 6 year of insurance payment in hope of housing armageddon be not good invest . MARK ( 0.s. ) what would Kathy say ? vinny nothing , yet . she keep ask if this be one of you crusade . 86 int . cab - day 86 Mark on the phone . MARK when she leave , go back in and very calmly , very politely , tell the risk assessor to fuck off . ( more ) 87 88 buff revised , may 11 , 2015 66 . MARK ( cont 'd ) then meet I over at Standard and poor . let 's go talk to Georgia hale . he hang up . cab driver in my country they just show up and steal you child for they army . in America they be very sneaky . they take you house , you money and you still think they be you friend ! MARK you want a job ? cab driver no way brother ! I be just the ferryman ! haha ! he drive crazy fast through traffic . int . conference room - frontpoint partner - day 87 vinny enter . the risk manager go silent . vinny ( calmly , politely ) Mark say to fuck off . the Risk manager wait for nuance . none will be come . CUT to : int . scion office - day 88 Michael burry write on the big white board the quarterly return : - 11.3 % . there be now only five work analyst . the rest of the desk be empty . Michael walk into he office close the door and yell . michael burry fuuuuuuuck !!!!! everyone in the office look up and then after a beat , go back to work . wife ( v.o. ) Michael ? 89 buff revised , may 11 , 2015 67 . int . michael burry 's home - live room - dusk 89 Michael be watch Business News on the tv while he wife , pretty and direct , try to talk to he . someone from the treasury or the fed be interviewed . she turn government official ( sot ) yes , there 's be a up tick in default but it 's well within we model . wife Michael . government official ( sot ) so despite this temporary aberrant number we be quite pleased . wife Michael ! off the tv . wife ( cont 'd ) I be try to talk to you . michael burry I be sorry . I be listen . go on . wife the school say Nicholas have be have issue . he 's not socialize . he isolate and do not communicate with the other kid . nicholas he six year old son be play with a toy crane on the floor . alex ( list part of the crane ) hoist rope , lattice boom , upper sheave , gantry , harnass ... michael burry well I be never the most social of kid ... be that such a bad thing ? 90 91 buff revised , may 11 , 2015 68 . wife they think we should take he to a specialist to get a evaluation . michael burry then yes , of course , let 's do that . nicholas Mom , dad ... Nicholas have walk over to they hold he toy crane . nicholas ( cont 'd ) the crane be rotate 260 degree . it just need a circular base and a catch for the string . michael burry that 's great Nicholas ! good job ! omit 90 int . SMALL office - rating agency surveillance dept - day 91 georgia I can not see a damn thing . georgia hale ( 55 ) be a pleasant , middle - class woman wear eye exam sunshade and fussing with she blind . georgia ( cont 'd ) my eye doctor 's always busy . I end up take any appointment they will give I and then the whole morning get shot to hell . she go to she desk ... where Mark and vinny wait . georgia ( cont 'd ) alrighty . so. frontpoint partner . how can Standard and poor help you ? vinny we do not understand why the rating agency be not downgrade subprime bond , since the underlying loan be deteriorate . buff revised , may 11 , 2015 69 . georgia well , delinquency rate have people worried , but they be actually within we model . MARK model that you share with the bank . could not they be game they ? georgia I highly doubt it . this be very large bank that care a great deal about they reputation . MARK they care a lot more about they bonuse . georgia I be sure the world 's bank have more nuanced incentive than abject greed , Mr. baum . MARK you be wrong . georgia then they will go bankrupt . the marketplace be ruthlessly efficient . Mark consider this old see a moment . MARK you convinced the underlying mortgage in this bond be solid loan ? georgia that 's we opinion , yes . MARK here 's what I do not understand : if this mortgage bond be so solid why be all the stock for the mortgage brokerage company down ? this be company issue the loan that make up the bond and they be tanking . she 's inscrutable behind she sunshade . but the fact she do not argue tell we he 's shake she confidence . buff revised , may 11 , 2015 70 . georgia we believe we rating will prove accurate . MARK have you ever refuse to rate any of this bond upper tranches AAA ? can we see the paper work on that deal ? georgia I be not under any obligation to share that information with you . MARK just answer I Georgia . can you name one time in the past year where you check the tape and do not give the bank the triple AAA percentage they want ? half beat . georgia if we deny they the rating they will go to moody 's . a stunne beat . she 's not suppose to say this . georgia ( cont 'd ) if we do not work with they , they will go to we competitor . vinny Holy shit . they be sell rating for fee . silence . Mark do not know it be that simple , that cynical . MARK you can afford to make less . make less . georgia it 's not my decision . I have a boss . MARK really ? that 's the angle you be take ? so anyone who have a boss can not be hold responsible for do shitty and illegal thing ? what be you , nine year old ? buff revised , may 11 , 2015 toa . she take she glass off . her eye be watery , dilate . georgia and what , pray tell , be you incentive ?! why be you in my office ?! be it maybe in you interest to have the rating change ?! how many credit default swap do you own ?! she 's nail he . MARK ( quietly ) that do not make I wrong . buff revised , may 11 , 2015 71 . georgia no , it just make you a hypocrite . 92 int . cab - day 92 vinny watch Mark as they ride back uptown in a crowd . he 's rattle . vinny ( check he blackberry ) vennett 's come to the office at 3 . ( then ) you okay ? Mark nod . MARK short the rating agency . all of they . 93 int . brownfield office - NYC loft - day 93 Charlie and Jamie be climb the wall . Ben be on speaker phone . BEN ( v.o. ) mortgage delinquency go up and the cdo get more valuable !? you gotta be kid I ! jamie we know . it 's completely backwards . it 's like 2 plus 2 equal 73 . ag94 int . BEN rickert 's office - same time ag94 Ben sit at he desk read the Sixth great extinction . we cut back and forth . BEN I just call a old friend at bear and he do not even know what a cdo be . jamie ( v.o. ) I have to transfer bear and duetsche 78 thousand dollar . it 's like I buy a suit and pay for it with two suit . buff revised , may 11 , 2015 71a . charlie ( v.o . ) it 's rig . we buy into a rig game . we be go to lose hundred of thousand a year until it 's all go and I have to move back in with my mom . BEN have fun yet ? beat as Charlie catch a think . charlie wait a minute ... we know the cdo be take loss and yet the price be freeze or go up . maybe they be freeze because the bank have no idea how to value they ? I bet they be so toxic the bank be just guess ! ( half beat ) I think we should buy more swap . jamie what ?! no way ! no. 94 buff revised , may 11 , 2015 72 . int . frontpoint partner - same time 94 Jared vennett be seat in the conference room . Mark , vinny , Danny and porter be scream at he . he be amazingly calm and even check he phone at one point . all you fuck we ! I know you have fuck we !... what game be you run ! I be call the goddamn justice department ! do not check you phone ! do not you check you fuck phone ! ! finally the group be exhaust from yell and they run out of gas . jare you guy do ? danny yeah . I think so . porter ( hold he side ) Jesus . I think I pull a muscle in my back from yell . vinny mortgage default be way up . yet you quote we a higher price on the bond . tell I why we should not pull out of this trade right now ? jare listen , I tell you when we do this deal the rating agency , the SEC and the big bank be clueless . so now they foot 's on fire and they think they steak be do and you be surprised ? MARK this be not stupidity , this be fraud . jare hey , if you can tell I the difference between stupid and illegal I 'il have my wife 's brother arrest . Danny laugh . everyone glare at he . buff revised , may 11 , 2015 72a . danny I be sorry . that be funny . jare I just do not think you guy realize how clueless the system be . ( more ) buff revised , may 11 , 2015 jare ( cont 'd ) yeah , there 's shady shit happen but trust I , it 's all fuel by stupidity . face it , as cynical as you all be I think you still have a shred of respect leave for the power that be . vinny not I . jare okay , except vinny . int . brownfield office - NYC loft - same time Charlie be plead to he case . charlie look , either we be wrong or we be right in a giant , giant way ! if we be right I want to go all in . if we be wrong I want someone to tell we . jamie I be not feel remotely confident that we be right . and if we be wrong , who 's go to tell we ? BEN ( v.o. ) sound like we need to go to Vegas . jamie Vegas ? int . frontpoint partner - same time jare vennett yeah , Vegas . the american securitization Forum . it 's next week . every bond and cdo salesman , subprime lender and swap trader in the country will be there . I be tell you , you bet be against dumb money . I think it 's time you meet that dumb money . porter I hate Vegas . 73 . 95 96 97 98 99 buff revised , may 11 , 2015 74 . danny I hear the restaurant in Vegas have get really good . they have a nobu . porter Fucking stop it . CUT to : int . venetian HOTEL - statue —- day 97 cu the live statue at the venetian . the white classical statue be still for a beat and then move and look into camera . music : a hip hop or rap song that exude attitude like touch it or not by cam 's ron kick in as soon as the statue move . int . MAIN casino floor of caesar 's palace - day 98 quick series of image : 1 ) Cash be exchange for chip 2 ) a sexy waitress serve drink with a tattoo of she baby daughter on she calf 3 ) a marine be play two slot machine smoking and drink . 4 ) a poster show happy good look people gambling and win . int . trade show floor - caesar 's palace - day 99 a sea of sponsor booth . familiar bank . lot and lot of White people . a banner tell we it 's the : american securitization Forum Ben give Charlie and Jamie the tour . Jamie take photo with he cell . Charlie get school . BEN and what 's " midprime " ? charlie a loan that 's between prime and subprime ? jamie midprime 's exactly the same as subprime . charlie that do not make sense . buff revised , may 11 , 2015 75 . BEN and if a bond be '' rich '' it be ...? charlie load with asset ? jamie overpriced and you probably lose all you money . ( how do he know this ? ) I can not sleep on plane so I do my homework . Ben stop , turn to he protege . BEN let 's focus up . now what 's we goal here ? charlie to figure out if this be the deal of a lifetime , or if everybody know something we do not and we be about to get royally screw . BEN good . now do not lose sight of that when you be with the guy from bear tomorrow morning . I set you up with a face - to-face . jamie great ! charlie where 's the meeting ? Mark , vinny , Danny and porter enter and cross past the brownfield guy . MARK baum five year ago securitization be a loser convention . 100 , maybe 200 people would show . 500 billion dollar a year later and you get this . porter a lot of smug look in this place . vinny it 's like someone hit a pinata fill with white people who suck at golf . who be all this clown ? 100 buff revised , may 11 , 2015 76 . MARK baum accord to vennett , this be who we be betting against . vennett approach the group with he young assistant , who hand out room key . Mark nod . jare hello gentleman . my assistant Chris have you room key . I trust you travel be uneventful ? MARK so when do we get face time with this charming folk ? jare they will be plenty of face time . but remember , we be here to gather info , not advertise we short position . we do not want to spook anyone . get it ? the group still check out the crowded lobby . jare ( cont 'd ) seriously . Mark , you have get a very loud mouth . can you muzzle it for a few day ? MARK so you do not want I warning people that the entire conference be put on to normalize the buy and sell of worthless shit ? jare yes . vinny do not worry . we will be good little boy . int . shoot range - the gun store - las vega - day 100 rich guy and rep from bear stearn in business casual shoot gun . bullet rip into politically incorrect target ... a black kid attack a sexy white woman , a asian gangster , a big photo of Osama bin Laden . buff revised , may 11 , 2015 76a . Charlie and Jamie shoot uzi 's , surprised by how much fun they be have . clip spend , they remove headgear . buff revised , may 11 , 2015 77 . charlie the beretta 's great , but the uzi ... awesome ! bear rep # 2 Nice shoot , Brown holer . jamie brownfield . the name of the company be brownfield . bear rep # 2 yeah , I know . but it 's more fun to call you Brown hole . charlie I get it , wow that 's really clever . another bear rep # 1 be about to shoot . charlie ( cont 'd ) hey , Matt right ? bear rep # 1 ( remove head phone ) what 's go on ? charlie we be hope we could get a little more insight on the cdo 's from you we have get swap on . jamie so , what do you think 's gonna happen to cdo 's in seven year ? bear rep # 1 7 year ? I just need this cdo machine to keep go for another 2 year . by then I 'il be rich enough to get a place in aspen . charlie do you have any concern about the performance of the underlying securitions ? it 's easy to see delinquency and even default rate on the rise . bear rep # 1 do not be a buzzkill , dude . we do not bring you guy out here to talk work , ok ? buff revised , may 11 , 2015 tia . jamie then why do you ? bear rep # 1 we need a client along so we can expense the ammo . aim machine gun at a poster of thug , and fire . rich bear rep woooo !! charlie ( to Jamie ) Holy shit . this be the guy on the other side of we trade . they only care about they fee and bonuse . and they be moron . we need to buy more short . Jamie check he cell . jamie you hit the main floor and price some more swap . my brother 's ex girlfriend work at the SEC and she 's in town . if we be miss something she can tell I . 101 int . giant ballroom - same time 101 two hundre or so banker and bond trader take there seat in a large ball room with a podium at the front . a sign read '' option one ceo Paul dantone : the mortgage market be strong and get stronger '' danny option one be the mortgage company last year that take a big loss in they subprime department . porter I do not get it . they sell the mortgage they make . how do they take loss ? buff revised , may 11 , 2015 78 . danny there 's a provision that if the owner miss the very first payment the loan go back to option one . vinny who take a mortgage if they can not make the first payment ? MARK the real question be : what company give a mortgage to someone who can not make the first payment ? later : the ceo of option one be speak to the room . option one ceo ..- Business be good . profit be strong and the mortgage continue to be the bedrock on which this economy be build . yes , we do take some loss in we subprime department last year . but that loss will be contain at 5 % . Mark raise he hand . vinny ( whisper ) hey Mark , this be not a q and a ... Mark jut he hand up even higher . option one ceo uh , yes ... there 's a question ? MARK would you say it 's a possibility or a probability that subprime loss stop at 5 % ?! option one ceo well ... I would say it 's a very strong probability . Mark raise he hand again . but he hand be in the shape of a zero . MARK Zero ! there be a zero percent chance you subprime loss stop at 53 ! his phone ring . 102 buff revised , may 11 , 2015 79 . MARK ( cont 'd ) Excuse I , I have to take this ! he get up and leave while answer he phone . MARK ( cont 'd ) hey honey ... you be just call to say hi ? well that 's so sweet . how be the kid ? Mark walk past vennett , patting he on the shoulder . jare flip he off and then look to camera . jare vennett the fucker really do this . CUT to : int . scion office - san jose - day 102 cu of email : '' withdraw money end of the month '' '' I trust you . and you betrayed that trust . I be do with scion '' '' will be sever tie with scion next month '' '' when my two year period be over next month I withdraw all my money from you fund '' Mike burry be look at he email at he desk . he look pale and unhealthy . he now have only three employees -- the other desk have the abandon look of people laid off quickly . Mike come out and go to the company white board . he write the latest quarterly return ...- 19.3 % . on he way out , he stop at a ladder where he Assistant be put up Valentine 's decoration . mike can you come in early tomorrow ? as you know , we also have big short in aig and countrywide , frauddie Mac and I need to unload that position to ensure we can afford the insurance premium on we core mortgage short . buff revised , may 11 , 2015 79a . assistant sure Dr. burry . Mike start to leave . buff revised , may 11 , 2015 80 . assistant ( cont ’d ) Dr. burry ? what 's go to happen ? if the investor withdraw , be we do ? mike honestly ? I do not know . the bond be not go down . they will not move . it 's possible we be ina completely fraudulent system . assistant or you be wrong . silence . assistant ( cont ’d ) I be sorry . I just mean ... mike that 's okay Lewis . yes , it 's possible I be wrong . I do not know how . but I guess when someone 's wrong they never know how . he leave . a103 int . burry 's basement - later a103 music : by demon be driven Michael sit behind drum and furiously play double kick drum heavy metal drum to pantera . finally he break the stick from play so hard . mike aaahhhhh !!!! we hear he wife from upstairs . wife ( 0.c. ) Michael ! be everything okay ? mike yes honey ! buff revised , may 11 , 2015 81 . 103 int . trade show floor - later 103 merrill rep we can maybe sell you bbb level swap at five-hundred basis point . maybe . Ben and Charlie be testing the water for a deal with the merrill rep at the merrill Lynch Booth . charlie five-hundred ? you want we to pay a 5 % premium on a swap ? we pay 2 % on the one we get two month ago ! merrill rep good for you . that be two month ago . trust I , you be not gonna do any better anywhere else . charlie so you be pricing the swap like the bond be go to collapse but the bond value have go up ? really ? how be you not in jail ? or at least - BEN Charlie , let 's go . thanks guy ! we will consider it . he take Charlie firmly by the arm , march he away . charlie what the hell be go on ? BEN people be start to wake up . not enough for they to adjust the value on the bond but enough to stop give the swap away . cheap bet be over . the Rich bear rep pass they . bear rep # 1 hey ! it 's Brown hole ! charlie fuck off ! BEN you have to calm down . buff revised , may 11 , 2015 81a . 104 ext . casino HOTEL - pool side - same time 104 Jamie in polo shirt and short be talk to a bookish but pretty college friend who work at the SEC , evie , 30 . evie I can not believe you get into finance Jamie . I always think you would ... I do not know . be live off can bean on you sailboat or mooch off older woman at the yachtclub or something ... jamie thanks . actually we have be invest in housing bond and I want to ask , be the SEC worried about they ? I mean , I know you can not tell I specifics .. just generally . 105 buff revised , may 11 , 2015 82 . evie oh we do not investigate mortgage bond . Truth be since we have we budget cut we do not investigate much . jamie really ? then why be you here ? I think - evie I be not here for the SEC . I be here on my own dime . ( she lean in ) I be float my resume to some big bank . how 's you brother by the way ? jamie he 's good . ( back to business ) how be you float you resume to big bank when you be suppose to be the one police they ? evie grow up jamie. 90 % of the people at the SEC be just there to get better job . ( she see someone ) hey Doug ! ( then to Jamie ) he 's at Goldman . she get up and leave . the guy she 's approach grab she . doug look everyone ! it 's regulatory capture ! he pull evie and himself into the pool . a whole group of banker laugh while dance music play . Jamie look sicken . int . casino restaurant - lunch 105 Jamie , Ben and Charlie be eat chop salad . charlie even bear 's double they price . and they keep call we Brown hole . buff revised , may 11 , 2015 BEN do not take it personally . you just do not have the money or the reputation . 82a . buff revised , may 11 , 2015 83 . charlie so I be a break loser with a bad reputation but do not take it personally ? BEN they be asshole . let it go. ( to Jamie ) do you friend from the SEC give any perspective ? jamie the SEC be not even pay attention . they budget have be gut and they know zip about the housing market . it be actually depress . BEN people want small government , they get it . they eat for a beat , defeat . charlie wait a minute ... we need a deal that we can afford and they can not refuse , right ? what if we bet against the aa rate tranches of the cdo ? what 's cheaper than aa ? BEN come on Charlie . aa be so safe they barely even show up on the risk sheet for the bank . charlie be they really though ? we know if the bottom tranches fail at over 8 % the double aa tranches be worth zero . we also know the rating agency and the SEC be asleep at the wheel . I bet that aas be more like bs . Jamie fish some paper work out of he bag and point to some number . jamie Charlie 's right . the pay off be 200 to 1 . but they do not see it so they be charge penny on the dollar to bet against the ( more ) buff revised , may 11 , 2015 83a . jamie ( cont 'd ) aas . with that kind of risk / reward we would be fool not to do it . 106 107 buff revised , may 11 , 2015 84 . Ben look at the return on aa swap . BEN just when I start think you guy be clown ... no one on the planet be betting against aa . the bank 's 11 think we be high or have a stroke ... and they 'il take every dime we have . Charlie look to camera charlie this be the thing we do that no one else do . even burry and baum do not imagine the aas could fail . music : a song with a beat like US v they by lcd SOUND system montage of charlie , jamie and BEN meeting different bank 106 over drink , lunch , blackjack table , pool side . goldman rep I do not understand , you want to bet against aa ? bear rep # 1 brother , I will sell you as much as you want . and you can shoot with we anytime you want . merril rep what 's the angle here ? BEN no angle . we want 10 million against a aa housing cdo . lehman brother rep yes . of course yes . wow . I think this trip might be a waste of time . wow . morgan stanley rep yes . yes and yes . int . casino - day 107 as they get around a corner , Charlie and Jamie silently celebrate and even dance a bit . but Ben tell they to cool it . buff revised , may 11 , 2015 85 . BEN do you even know what you just do ? charlie yeah , we make the deal of we career . BEN you just bet against the american economy . if we be right it mean people lose home , job , retirement savings , pension . this be not just number . for every point unemployment go up , 40 thousand people die . do you know that ? charlie no ... Jamie and Charlie look like kid who have be catch teasing a old person . jamie we be just excited ... BEN just do not fuck dance . okay ? he walk off . exiting through double door . jamie where be you go ? BEN Home ! I x11 call you when thing get bad . charlie alright Ben ! talk soon ! ( then to Jamie ) Jesus . I do not know it could be that bad for the country . I guess this have not really hit I yet . I just get scared . be you scared ? jamie I be always scared . 108 int . tabemasu asian restaurant - HOTEL - night 108 music : traditional japanese string version of something like lionel ritchie 's easy buff revised , may 11 , 2015 85a . a tranquil waterfall out of plate glass window . Jared walk in with Mark and he team . jare vennett alight Mark baum from frontpoint partner ... you be nervous you and you swap be be play ? now you get to meet who you be betting against . try not to get too righteous and listen for once . buff revised , may 11 , 2015 86 . MARK okay , okay . so who be this guy ? flash CUT : Mark sit at a table . his dining partner be mr. chau ( 50 ) , chinese - american , a expensive suit . mr . chau I be a cdo manager . at harding advisor . MARK I do not know there be anything to manage . mr . chau we select the security that go into the cdo portfolio , and monitor the asset . I do most of merrill Lynch 's cdo . Mark glance through hibachi steam to see Jared ... raise he beer . meet you counter - party . meet the sucker . MARK and you represent investor or the bank ? mr . chau the investor . MARK but merrill 's only go to send you buyer if you put merrill 's bond in you cdo . mr . chau let 's just say merrill and I have a good relationship . Mark can not tell if Mr. chau be be naive or just arch . buff revised , may 11 , 2015 87 . MARK be you worried about rise default rate ? mr . chau I assume no risk for this product myself . MARK let I get this straight . the bank call you up . give you bond they want to sell . give you the client . give you the money to run you business . give you fat fee for do so . but you represent the investor ? Mr. chau finally chuckle -- he 's actually be defiant . mr . chau yes . but my office be not in the merrill Lynch building . we be in New Jersey . MARK 20 minute away . mr . chau 5 if we use a helicopter . moment later : vinny , Jared and Danny nervously watch Mark huddle with Mr. chau . Mark 's animated , speak too loudly . MARK say that again ! say that again ! jare uh-oh . you boss be about to explode . vinny no . he 's too curious to explode . ignoring he food , Mark scribbles furiously on a napkin . MARK cdo a have part of cdo B and cdo B have part cdo a , but then both get put inside cdo c? buff revised , may 11 , 2015 88 - 89 . mr . chau that one 's call a cdo square . and then there be cdo make up of the opposite side of the bet you make with you swap . we call they synthetic cdo . MARK '' synthetic cdo ? '' later : Mark 's completely dishevel now , tie off . Mr. chau be as decorous as ever , enjoy he dessert . another paper napkin slap the counter . MARK ( cont 'd ) okay . this be a pool of , say , 50 million in subprime loan . how much money could be out there betting on it through this synthetic cdo and swap ?! right now ?! tonight ?! mr . chau a billion dollar . MARK what ?! Mr. chau shrug . MARK ( cont 'd ) how much bigger be the market for insure mortgage bond than actual mortgage ?! mr . chau twenty time ? we freeze on he disorient expression . jare vennett ( v.o . ) if the flaw mortgage bond that Michael burry discover be the match . and the cdo Jamie and Charlie bet against be the kerosene soak rag ... then the synthetic cdo be the atomic bomb with a drunk President hold he finger over the button . at that moment Mark baum realize the whole world economy might collapse . ( more ) * + HH hhh HH 109 buff revised , may 11 , 2015 88-89a . jare vennett ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) but I be sure you be wonder one thing : what the hell be a '' synthetic cdo ? '' well here be Dr. Richard thaler , the father of Behavioral economics and international pop star selena Gomez to explain . int . casino floor - night 109 selena gomez sit at a black jack table with a giant stack of chip . she win another hand and rake in more chip from the professional dealer . a crowd cheer she on around the table . crowd she can not lose ! that 's seven hand in a row ! selena gomez so here 's how a synthetic cdo work . let 's say I make a bet of 10 million on a black jack hand ... dr . thaler 10 million because this hand represent a simple mortgage bond . she be deal a Jack and a 8 by the dealer . dr . thaler ( cont 'd ) selena be show 18 and the dealer be show a seven . so the odd be very much in selena 's favor . 87 % to be exact . which be like the great odd most perceive the housing market to have . selena gomez do you really create a whole field of economic study ? dr . thaler well be be inspire by the great work of other , but yes . selena gomez I have 30 million twitter follower . dr . thaler I have 30,000 . + HH HH % % + eh +e % he hhh HH of +e % * buff revised , may 11 , 2015 88-898 . selena gomez ( try to be encourage ) that 's not bad . ( back to the explanation ) so my odd be great . and I be ona win streak . everyone else here want in on this . I can not lose , right ? dr . thaler we have do countless study that show that people often make this error in they think . if something be happen -- like selena win seven hand in a row selena gomez or the housing market go up for seven year straight ... dr . thaler exactly . they think it will go on forever . it 's call extrapolation bias . people see something happen and they extrapolate that it will continue to happen . selena gomez so the people who be watch and think I can not lose will make a side bet which be the first cdo . we see a woman in glass stand behind selena . she turn to a business man . woman in glass wow . I love selena Gomez . and she 's win seven in a row with a seven show for the dealer . I bet you 50 million she win and I will give you three to one odd . businessman 3 to 1 odd ? okay , I 'il take that bet . dr . thaler then someone behind he decide to bet on they bet with someone else . that 's synthetic cdo number two . there 's a guy in a warrior game jersey talk to a a old woman . + h HH hf he hhh hf ff HH of hhh HH + eh + HH HH + eh % buff revised , may 11 , 2015 88-89c . guy in game jersey hey I bet you 200 million that lady in the glass win that bet . old woman she probably will win , she always do , so I want a great pay off . guy in game jersey how about 20 to 1 ? old woman deal . selena gomez and this go on and on and on and on .... with more and more cdo betting on the bet on the bet on the bet ... dr . thaler this happen all the time . in the stock market . in sport . in basketball , they call the hot Hand fallacy . a player hit 3 shot ina row and everyone think he be definitely go to make that 4th one . we know , from a lot of statistical evidence , that there be no such thing as hot hand , but people refuse to accept that . selena gomez people be cray cray . dr . thaler I do not know what that mean . we see a long line of payr of people make bet of increase value and complexity that stretch behind selena thaler at the table down the hall and around the corner and out of the door of the casino . selena gomez and then the dealer play out he hand . the dealer turn over a 3 , give he 10 and then turn over a King . dealer win . selena gomez ( cont ’d ) no ! how could I lose !? % +e * hf + HH hhh HH a % buff revised , may 11 , 2015 88-89d . there be then a long chain reaction of winner and loser 's reaction . long chain of better shit ! pay up ! crap ! wait , I lose ? I want my money ! how could selena lose ! nooo !!! dr . thaler they all should have know the odd they could lose . but they get overconfident . and because of the synthetic cdo and all the bet on bet on bet ... the one loss become thousand of loss . selena gomez and that loser ? pension fund , insurance company . City government all over the world . crazy shit right ? dr . thaler not crazy , just human . the crazy part be assume people will act logically all the time . selena gomez translation : crazy shit . ( more ) % +e HH fh fh hf +e * hf + eh % buff revised , may 11 , 2015 selena gomez ( cont 'd ) 90 . buff revised , may 11 , 2015 91 . 110 int . tabemasu asian restaurant - continuous 110 unfreeze baum and mr. chau . all Mark can think to do be stand and collect he thing . MARK I have to go . honestly I feel a bit sick . be careful , Mr. chau . you will make a lot of money ... until you do not . mr . chau you think I be a parasite Mr. baum ? but apparently , society value I very much . ( a beat ) in fact , let 's do this ... I will tell you what I be worth , you tell I what you be worth . Mark look straight in the face of everything he hate . MARK I do not think you be a parasite , Mr chau. ( sincere ) I think you be a idiot . Mark walk away and past Jared and the guy . MARK ( cont 'd ) short everything that guy have touch . ( he walk away ) I want half a billion more in swap ! jare the collateral call could bankrupt you . MARK yup ! buff revised , may 11 , 2015 92 . dissolve to : ext . caesar 's palace - the next morning 111 slo mo : hungover and break people straggle out of the hotel in the bright morning Vegas sun drag luggage . they get into valet have car and cab . Charlie and Jamie exit and jump into a mercede suv . they look vaguely ashamed and Charlie look freak . Mr. chau walk out with a smile on he face , designer luggage and enter a stretch limo . a short moment later Mark , porter , Danny and vinny walk out . Mark look particularly far away and haggard . Three of the bear stearn fire range guy leave with two bedraggle party girl . they be still drunk . they get ina humvee limo . and last , we see evie , from the SEC and the Goldman sach guy , Doug , leave together . they kiss and then he get in a Range Rover and she get in a cab . ext . upscale clothing boutique - " edit new york " - day 112 Mark struggle to pull he bag out of a taxi 's trunk . cynthia ( pre - lap ) do you eat on the plane ? int . upscale clothing boutique - day 113 the baum 's be in a elegant and isolate seating area in Cynthia 's upscale clothing boutique . MARK yeah . cynthia what 's wrong ? what happen ? buff revised , may 11 , 2015 MARK thing be worse than I think . I honestly think the economy might collapse . cynthia really ? MARK yeah . ( then ) and we could end up make a fortune . cynthia define fortune . MARK the fund could make half a billion , Cynthia . maybe a lot more . she have no idea . a sale clerk approach . sale clerk Ms. baum should I - ? cynthia not now Paula . you be my manager . I trust you . they lower they voice , lean closer . cynthia ( cont 'd ) a half a billion on one trade ?! how be that even possible ?! MARK Group think . fraud. legalize corruption . stupidity . cynthia you have be say the whole system be break for year Mark . why be you shocked ? MARK it 's all so much uglier and more twisted than I ever imagine . and I be a banker . I be a part of this horrible world . a silence between they . Cynthia refuse to break it . buff revised , may 11 , 2015 cynthia and I keep think about my brother . about Paul . and how he .. when he ... cynthia ( cont 'd ) when Paul take he own life . MARK ...- we can talk about it later . you be at you store - cynthia Mark . 93a . buff revised , may 11 , 2015 MARK before ... my brother ... commit suicide ... when he tell I he be have bad thought ... my first response be ... to offer he some money . my brother be in pain . Real pain . and I offer he ... money . cynthia you try to help . there 's no perfect way ... MARK all this greed in the world . maybe I be not so above it . maybe I be part of it . and it 's change I . change I into a person who 's not able to reach out to someone who 's hurt without money be a part of it . ( beat ) do it bother you that I feel that way ? cynthia no . you can not name a scenario for how I could have help he that do not play in my head every day . but it bother I that you be so certain you be right . because you be not . his silence mean yes . cynthia ( cont 'd ) you love to know more than other people . to be the virtuous one . you always have Mark . as though you be untaint and we be al the filthy mass claw at noah 's arch . but the truth be : you be a banker . a banker who make more than he should . a banker who have a terrible thing happen to a family member . and now you be about to make a lot of money from another terrible thing . and even you can not find a way to make that virtuous . because it 's not . it 's just life . and sometimes it hurt and it 's sad and it 's scary . so stop try to fix the world and just feel the feeling like all of we . because they be there . ( more ) 94 , buff revised , may 11 , 2015 94a . cynthia ( cont 'd ) and when you act like they be not it make I want to scream . Mark start to break . MARK ( tear up ) Paul be always there for I ... ( more ) 114 buff revised , may 11 , 2015 95 . MARK ( cont 'd ) his face be so smashed we could not even have a open casket ... he just drop the phone ... cynthia he could not hear anyone . that 's why he 's dead ... there 's nothing you could have do . they both sit there hold hand . cynthia ( cont 'd ) nothing . int . waiting area —- pediatric psych CENTER - dusk 114 Mike 's son Nicholas play alone , talk to himself about the different part of a backhoe loader . stabilizer leg ... bucket ... atriculate arm ... Mike enter . his wife 's be wait , annoyed , gesture to she watch . where be you ? mike I be sorry I be late . everything 's fall apart at work . people want to remove they money from the fund . I do not know what to do . his wife do not respond . mike ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong . be Nicholas okay ? mike' wife ( upset , quiet ) they think it 's asperger 's syndrome . mike no. what ? what ... what 's the symptomology ? int . live room - burry house - night 115 Mike have a stack of book : attwood 's the complete guide to asperger 's , Baron - Cohen 's mindblindness , etc . sceptical , he choose a parent 's guide and read ... buff revised , may 11 , 2015 96 . mike ( 0.s. ) " the first sign a child be on the autism spectrum be often a hobby . it will be one that be solitary and idiosyncratic , and it will completely obsess the child . " Mike 's surprised , this actually resonate . jump cut : a dizzying whirl of text passage fly at we ... mike ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) " , .. few real peer - to-peer relationship ... less eye contact ... .-- ability to quickly absorb complex system ... love of computer ... math ... good with number Mike stop read . sweating . thunderstruck . a strange truth settles over he face . int . hospital roof - san jose - day 116 Mike have seek counsel from a mo school friend , a psych ward doctor currently self - medicate on a joint . mo school friend this be good , a diagnosis like this , as a adult , it 's all upside . you do not have to feel like there 's something wrong with you anymore . now you know . mystery be solve . mike what 's the upside of have asperger ? mo school friend c'mon , burry , who else but a aspie actually read entire bond prospectuse ?! you whole life you brain 's tell you one thing and society another . now , you get to stop listen to society . stop caring what we think ! do not you get it ? we be normal . we can not keep up . close on Mike , take with the idea , and its implication . mike ( 0.s. ) " to all investor " buff revised , may 11 , 2015 97 . music : a heavy metal song like metallica 's eye of the beholder fade in . int . scion - mike' office - day 117 Mike type a email . he be alone in the office with empty desk outside . mike ( v.o . ) " as you may know , we agreement allow I to take extraordinary measure when market be not function properly . I currently have reason to believe the mortgage bond market be fraudulent . so in order to protect investor from this fraudulent market I have decide to restrict investor 's withdrawals until further notice . sincerely . Dr. Michael burry . " Mike breathes deep , and hit send . he sit listen to the quiet hum of office outside he open door . the distant highway . a very long beat . slowly at first , isolate , then gather like a angry storm , the office phone begin to ring and he email box begin to ding . one email stand out : from lawrence field . the subject : I ’m suing . CUT to : over black we see the quote : 118 '' everyone , deep in they heart , be wait for the end of the world to come . '' - haruki murakami , 1084 we dissolve to tv channel flipping from one to the next . 1 ) some sort of fluffy pop entertainment , a sitcom , game show , reality show . buff revised , may 11 , 2015 98 . 2 ) barry bond defend himself in a press conference . 3 ) footage celebrate lance armstrong . 119 int . brownfield office - NYC loft - day 119 Charlie be the one flipping through the tv channel . Jamie be on he lap top . they be restless , tense and kill time . April 2 , 2007 the crash begins jamie will you stop change the channel ? you be drive I crazy . just put the business news on . Charlie turn the channel to business news . charlie Fine . Jamie stop and watch while Charlie roll over on the couch . jamie Holy shit . do you see that ? charlie see what ? jamie on the crawl ! he grab the remote and rewind and freeze the tv . on the crawl at the bottom of the financial news show we see : buff revised , may 11 , 2015 99 . Nation 's second - large mortgage lender bankrupt . jamie ( cont 'd ) it 's start . charlie I be go to call my Mom . 120 int . frontpoint office - day 120 vinny , Danny and porter watch Kathy , thin again , yell at Mark in the Conference room . on a wall tv : the fed chairman be speak to Congress . the Dow be down 283 point . bernanke ( archive footage ) ... we believe the effect of the trouble in the subprime sector on the broad housing market will likely be limited , and we do not expect significant spillover from the subprime market to the rest of the economy -- vinny turn off all the financial news . they be in crazy land . we be try to stay in reality . a assistant turn off all the tvs in the office . Danny mose , on the phone yell over to vinny . danny mose duetsche say the cdo still have not lose any value ! vinny the bank be hold the value till they can dump they position ... they know now . the door open . Kathy and she minion storm off ... and out . Mark emerge beat , yet harden . vinny ( cont ’d ) well ? MARK Kathy want we to dump we short . buff revised , may 11 , 2015 100 . porter what else be new ? MARK she say Morgan stanley will buy they . danny what ?! Holy shit . vinny 's right , they need we short . they know . vinny the whole time we be wonder who 's on the other side of this bet and it 's the big bank themselves . they believe they own bullshit . danny what have you tell Kathy ? MARK I tell she we be not sell shit . if Morgan need to lose half a billion cause they screw up it 's not my problem . vinny so now what have we do ? MARK hold on . 121 int . brownfield office - NYC loft - same time 121 Charlie be get off the phone . charlie you need to understand , mom . this be not just a banking thing . it 's go to affect real people . all over the world . like a enormous tsunami hit the global economy all at once ... yeah , ok . I love you , too . he hang up and turn to Jamie who 's at he computer . charlie ( cont 'd ) she tell I I should go on lithium . Jamie show he a email on he computer . buff revised , may 11 , 2015 100a . jamie check it out - from bear stearn . they claim the cdo still have not move . buff revised , may 11 , 2015 101 . charlie that 's insane . they be crook . just look at the abx : that cdo should be at zero ! you know what they be do , right ? they be sell off they worthless cdo so they do not take the lose . that 's fraud . ona massive scale . ( look panicked ) jeez , I can not catch my breath . I think I be have a panic attack . jamie we have get to tell someone . the whole world have no idea what 's about to hit they . charlie who ? the SEC be useless . the rating agency be in on it . jamie let 's go to the press . this be a giant story . who would not publish it ? 122 int . news room - wall STREET journal - day 122 Charlie and Jamie just explain the situation to casey , 30 they college friend , and the junior finance reporter . casey so what be I suppose to do ? write a piece call '' we be all fuck ? '' charlie yes ! that 's a perfect title . jamie casey , right now every bank in town be unload this shit bond on unsuspecting customer . they will not devalue they until they unload they . this be the biggest fraud in banking history . casey it take year to build my relationship on Wall Street ! ( more ) buff revised , may 11 , 2015 101a . casey ( cont 'd ) no bank or rating agency be go to confirm a story like this just because two guy in a garage - band hedge - fund think it 's the apocalypse . jamie do not be a dick casey . we do not say '' apocalypse . '' buff revised , may 11 , 2015 102 . charlie wow . wow . jamie ( try again ) look , this bank buy most of the government . they buy the rating agency . there 's no one leave but you . this story be why journalism exist . if someone like you blow this off because they be worried about access to the bank this country be fuck . casey Nice speech kev. you sound like Oliver Stone . ( he get up ) look , I have get work to do . so thanks for stop by . charlie wow . jamie stop say wow. ( back to casey ) I think you be for real casey . I really do . casey yeah , well you try be '' for real '' with a three year old and a wife who 's get she master 's degree . I be not burn my reputation on you wild hunch . charlie wow . he 's hold the door for they . they exit . casey thanks for stop by . totally fuck awesome to see you . 123 ext . hallway - wall STREET journal - continuous 123 charlie disgusting . he will not do he job because he want to keep access to the bank to keep do the job he will not do ? buff revised , may 11 , 2015 jamie I just have a horrible think . charlie I be already juggling five or six horrible thought . do not tell I . 102a . 124 buff revised , may 11 , 2015 103 . jamie if bear stearn be freezing the value of the cdo it must mean they own ton of they . ( a breath ) they could go under . and we buy 80 % of we swap at bear . we have lose everything . charlie stop it . bear stearn have be around for a hundred year . they be not go under . jamie we have to at least consider the possibility . int . scion office - day 124 Mike be at he desk . the headline on the site he 's on be : bear stearn liquidate mortgage back security hedge fund . loss at 3.6 billion . the office be completely empty save two lawyer who be wheeling file out on a hand cart . Michael be on the phone hearing a voice mail . woman ( sot ) you have reach Lucy thalia at Goldman sach . I be not available - he hang up . July 31 , 2007 lawyer that should do it Dr. burry . michael burry if you need any file from 2005 - lawyer Mr. field 's suit be very specific to file from the past year . michael burry well then tell lawrence I say hi . burry 's phone ring . the caller id be thalia / private . static . buff revised , may 11 , 2015 104 . mike ( answer ) you can not get back to I for a whole week ? lucy thalia ( 0.s . ) I be so sorry , Mike . Goldman have a system failure . I lose a ton of message . mike B of a say they have a power outage . and Morgan stanley say they server crash . lucy thalia ( 0.s. ) huh . that 's weird . mike I would call it improbable . where do you have we position mark ? lucy thalia ( 0.s. ) it could be the same , Mike . mike can you explain that to I ? how 's the value of a insurance contract in no way affect by the demise of the thing it insure ? lucy thalia ( 0.s. ) they be independent market . they be not always correlate . I know it sound odd but this be very complicated product . mike they be correlate , and I can prove it . lucy thalia ( 0.s. ) how ? mike you would never claim they be uncorrelate on a hard line -- that be record bank record -- but you will say it on you cell phone . buff revised , may 11 , 2015 104a . mike ( cont 'd ) hello ? buff revised , may 11 , 2015 105 . lucy thalia ( 0.s. ) Mike , I need to call you right back . she click off . Mike hang up . the phone ring again almost immediately . Goldman . mike ( answer ) I be listen . a different voice Dr. burry ? mike yeah . deeb deeb Winston , Goldman sach . listen , I have be review you position . I want to discuss you mark , make sure they be fair . Mike realize what 's happen . mike I think you mean you have secure a net short position yourselves so you be free to mark my swap accurately for once . because it 's now in you interest to do so . static . deeb I be not sure what you want I to say . mike nothing . Mike hang up . there . see. done . CUT to : 125 int . frontpoint office - day 125 the trading desk be hopping . we see someone on they computer on bloomberg.com . the story : countrywide Financial warn of '' difficult condition . '' the Dow be down 325 point buff revised , may 11 , 2015 106 . Mark have a phone full of blink red light , about to pull up a call , as soon Danny finish prepping he . danny subprime bond go off a cliff . rumor be default number be huge . MARK who get the remittance data early ? I bet it 's Goldman . Mark punch a blink light . MARK ( cont 'd ) Jared , it 's chaos over here . where be we ? 126 int . duetsche bathroom - deutsche bank - day 126 Jared enter a bathroom , push a banker out the door . jare vennett the god have speak . no one 's buy cdo or mortgage bond anymore . ( to the guy he 's push out ) sorry , important call ! ( then back to Mark ) we secret 's out . swap be now the most valuable product on the street . and I hear from someone who hear from someone that bennie leibman over at Morgan just take some heavy loss in Morgan 's bond department . you ship might be take on water ... it might be time to grab a life jacket . Mark hang up . everyone 's look he direction . vinny and ? MARK the market 's turn . a long , weird beat . no one speak . no one celebrate . for good reason ... receptionist Kathy 's office be look for you . 127 128 buff revised , may 11 , 2015 107 . int . morgan stanley hallway - moment later 127 Mark stride for a corner office . a young woman pass in tear , carry a personal effect box and cry , newly fire . int . morgan stanley - kathy tao 's office - day 128 a breast - pump on a credenza . Mark 's wait on Kathy . consider she spartan office , he realize she have no personal effect , save the pump . Kathy tao enter , frazzle , scared . kathy tao thanks for come so quickly , Mark . I be sure you have be hearing rumbling about some loss Morgan have suffer . he nod . she sit . MARK congratulation . kathy tao what ? he point to the breast pump . kathy tao ( cont 'd ) oh. thanks . I just want you to know that yes , Morgan have suffer some loss but we liquidity be strong and there 's no cause for concern . MARK what about bennie leibman ? be he concerned . Word on the street be he take some heavy loss . half beat . MARK ( cont 'd ) we know each other too well Kathy . how bad be it ? buff revised , may 11 , 2015 107a . kathy tao okay . two year ago , bennie leibman in Morgan 's bond department also start short subprime housing . 2 billion in triple B 's . MARK bennie 's smarter than I think . kathy tao not smart enough . the premium on the swap eat into he desk 's profit . ( more ) buff revised , may 11 , 2015 108 . kathy tao ( cont 'd ) to cover he triple B short he sell a lot of a and double a swap as protection . a lot . he believe there be no way they could be affect . MARK tell I Morgan stanley do not hold that contract . silence . they hold they . beat . MARK ( cont 'd ) what 's you exposure . 3 billion ? do not tell I it 's over 4 . kathy tao I can not answer that . and I be not sure there 's even a definitive answer . MARK Kathy , you bring I in here to say everything 's fine and you do not mention bennie 's loss . you 'il have to pardon I if I do not believe a word you be say right now . kathy tao we long exposure be somewhere between 12 and 16 billion . MARK Jesus Christ ... be you fuck kid I ? kathy tao he keep say default over 8 percent be impossible . there would be a million homeless . MARK and how be that a reason it can not happen ?! kathy tao no one think ... please do not do this Mark . like it or not you be part of Morgan . buff revised , may 11 , 2015 MARK Kathy , give Morgan 's leverage , what be you do to prevent a run on this bank ? we see she 's not just stunne , she 's terrify . 108a . buff revised , may 11 , 2015 109 . 129 int . manhattan restaurant - late night 129 at a window table , Mark and vinny sit across from porter and Danny . porter but we have nothing to do with Morgan stanley ! vinny tell the bankruptcy court . Morgan fail , we account go on they balance sheet . danny that 's crazy . Morgan make the sucker 's bet and we pay they gambling debt . Mark 's brood dangerously . porter you be say , we could do everything right , discipline , smart , and still go break ? vinny that 's right . porter what do we do ? MARK short the bank stock . then we wait . vinny or ... we sell we swap , when the market open . we get we bonuse and we investor get they profit . we would get 30 cent on the dollar . not bad . MARK they be worth three time that . vinny if Morgan go under it will not matter . MARK forget it . I be not give away lifeboat . buff revised , may 11 , 2015 110 . vinny Mark , do not play a game of chicken on this one . MARK Drop it ! Christ , vin . we sell when I say we sell . do not pussy out on I ! vinny I get that this be what you have dream about but we have a fiduciary responsibility to - MARK no . no we do not . no one be be responsible . so fuck responsibility . we be go to shove the knife in to the hilt and make this asshole at the big bank - — waitress ( approach ) -- you boy want -- MARK -- we be talk ! Excuse we . the waitress be wounded . go . a brutal beat . no one can look at mark. MARK ( cont 'd ) ( quiet ) I ’1ll say when we sell . 130 ext . street of chelsea - day 130 Jamie be walk down the street on he cell . August 3 , 2007 jamie so not only do two mortgage hedge fund back by bear stearn go belly up but now there 's a class action law suit against bear . 131 buff revised , may 11 , 2015 110a . int . spin CLASS - same time 131 a spin CLASS be in progress with loud music playing and 20 people on bike . a sweaty Charlie be stand off to the side on he cell . charlie ( yell over the music ) Holy shit ! bear stearn could really collapse ? jamie ( v.o. ) I do not know if bear will collapse . but there 's a risk they might . and it 's a risk we should not take . 132 133 buff revised , may 11 , 2015 lll . charlie how the hell do we sell this swap !? I just realize we buy they but we do not know how to sell they . jamie we will have to get Ben to do it . charlie he 's on vacation with he wife 's family in England ! the spin class instructor turn to Charlie . instructor hey brother ! do you mind ? charlie sorry ! int . scion - mike' office - san jose - day 132 close on Mike 's good eye : he 's scan he monitor . January 14 , 2008 he hover over he terminal , worried . the number be not good . we see default rate above 12 % , Dow down 420 point etc . he pick up the phone and dial a number by heart . mike it 's Dr. burry . look like the collapse in the financial sector be imminent . let 's start to unwind my position . it 's 1.3 billion . we hear disappointment in Mike 's voice . int . scion office - night 133 it 's be clear out , even Mike 's Assistant be go . the light go off in he inner office . leave , Mike stop off at he white board , erase - 19.3 % with he palm and start to write +... he stop , turn and consider the room full of abandon desk , just a telephone on each , all of they silent . CUT to : buff revised , may 11 , 2015 112 . 134 ext . the powder monkey pub - exmouth , england - day 134 a southern England old world pub on a wet street in a small country town . BEN ( v.o. ) I have get almost no cell phone or wifi reception and I be try to sell 200 million dollar worth of security . and yes , this pub smell like wet sheep . jamie ( v.o. ) you can do this Ben ... 135 int . powder monkey pub - exmouth , england - day 135 Ben have he bloomberg terminal set up at a table , wear a fancy headset , roll call in sweatpant . BEN this be the brownfield Fund ... I be try to sell credit default swap ... 20 double a tranches of cdo ... absolutely , they be all complete shit ... face value be 205 million dollar . the proprietress and three old english men at the bar pretend not to listen to the strangest conversation they have ever hear . BEN ( cont 'd ) no , we be look for at least 100 million . pub -goer 100 million ! hey laddy , be you a drug dealer or a banker ?! if you be a banker fuck off ! everyone laugh in the pub . now they be openly watch . BEN just give I you best number . pub -goer # 2 have they throw in a million for I ! BEN look , if you do not want this deal then hang up ... ( more ) buff revised , may 11 , 2015 113 . BEN ( cont 'd ) ( they do not hang up ) that 's what I think ... 136 int . brownfield office - early morning 136 Charlie and Jamie stand around Charlie 's speaker phone . charlie okay . eighty million . okay . that 's good . jamie eighty 's great , Ben . thank you . thank you so much . BEN ( 0.s. ) most of it go to ubs . you be very lucky . the large bank in France froze customer money market account today . this thing 's hit Europe . I hope I can get home ... charlie you will . call we when you land . jamie hey Ben , I be just wonder , why do you do this with we ? I mean , you do not have to .... and thanks . but why ? BEN ( 0.s. ) because I like you guy . jamie ( throw ) wow . you do ? that 's so cool ... okay ... bye ben. hello ? oh . he hang up . jamie ( cont 'd ) eighty million in 6 month . from just 110 thousand 4 year ago . that 's not bad . charlie I be do . no more . buff revised , may 11 , 2015 113a . jamie yeah . yeah , I too . ( half beat ) but we have to short bear stearn . charlie you damn straight . ( realize ) oh , crap , where be we gonna put the money we make ? dissolve to : buff revised , may 11 , 2015 114 . 137 int . auditorium - deutsche bank hq - day 137 Dark . elegant . a well - heele crowd of 200 investor . March 14 , 2008 jare vennett ( v.o . ) as the housing market and bank continue to hemorrhage only one of the big short refuse to sell : Mark baum . so it be beyond perfect when he be ask to speak at a conference opposite Bruce Miller , a famous bullish investor . after he and Mark have they debate , Alan Greenspan , one of the architect of the whole crisis be schedule to speak . everyone in Mark 's office show up and even invite friend .... this be Ali versus Foreman of the financial world ... the realist versus the fool . if it seem almost too perfect , trust I , this happen . and it be beautiful . a podium wait for Greenspan . beside it be 3 chair with the host , bruce miller , ruddy and confident and a sloppily - dress Mark baum . vinny 's in the front row . bruce miller ( the bull ) as some of you may know , bear stearn just receive a loan from jp Morgan . we will see how the market react , but I think that lay to rest concern about the bank 's health . the host I take it you have no plan to sell you 200 million in bear stock ? bruce miller when we be do here , I will probably buy more . the host for the oppose view , Mr. baum . MARK I gotta stand for this . buff revised , may 11 , 2015 114a . wholly uninvite , Mark take he mic to the podium . buff revised , may 11 , 2015 115 . MARK ( cont 'd ) okay , hi , so my firm 's thesis be simple : Wall Street take a good idea , Lewis ranieri 's mortgage bond and turn it into a atomic bomb of fraud and stupidity that be on it 's way to decimate the world economy . bruce miller how do you really feel ? the crowd laugh . MARK I be glad you still have a sense of humor . I would not if I be you . ( back to the crowd ) now , anyone who know I know I have no problem tell someone they be wrong . Hell , it 's my passion . ( beat ) well for the first time in my life , it 's not so enjoyable . arrive late , porter slip in the last row behind Danny . porter ( whisper ) bear stearn issue a press release deny rumor of liquidity problem . danny ( whisper ) they say they have liquidity ?! that always mean they do not . MARK we be live in a era of fraud in America . not just in banking . but in government , education , food , religion , journalism , prison , baseball ... somehow , american value become fuck it , let 's grab what we can for now and the hell with tomorrow . Danny get a quote , curse , type , here we go ! bear at 47 ! buff revised , may 11 , 2015 MARK ( cont 'd ) and what bother I be not that fraud be '' not nice '' or '' mean . '' it 's that for fifteen thousand year fraud and short sighted think have never , ever work . not once . how the hell do we all forget that ? vinny get a text ... bear at 35 last ! MARK ( cont 'd ) I think we be all better than this ... I really do . and the fact that we be not do not make I feel superior and right ... it make I feel sad ... in the back , a man hurry out hold on he cell phone . MARK ( cont 'd ) and as fun as it be see pompous dumb Wall streeter be wildly wrong , ( turn to the bull ) and you be wrong sir . ( back to he wrap up ) I just know that at the end of the day regular people be go to pay for all of this . because they always , always do . Danny 's just type bear at 29 last !!! as he hear this . MARK ( cont 'd ) that 's my two cent . thank you . Mark pat Bruce Miller on the back as he take he seat . the host do we bull have a response ? bruce miller only that in the history of Wall Street , no investment bank have ever fail except when catch in criminal activity . so I stand by my bear stearn optimism . a young banker stand , unwilling to wait for the q & A. young banker Mr. Miller ! sorry . Quick question . ( be : he blackberry ) ( more ) 138 139 140 buff revised , may 11 , 2015 117 . young banker ( cont 'd ) from the time you guy start talk , bear stearn stock have fall more than 38 percent . would you buy more now ? bruce miller ( unsure ) sure . yeah . I would buy more . why not ? awkward silence . Mark whisper into he mic ... MARK boom . Mark watch the whole room scramble for the aisle . int . back hallway to auditorium - day 138 a pr person lead alan greenspan ( never fully see ) and he entourage toward a auditorium door . pr person this way Mr. Greenspan . we be so honore to have you here today ... int . auditorium - day 139 the pr person lead Greenspan and entourage in up front . there be only six audience member in the vast hall . pr person what the hell ? CUT to : ext . time square - pre -dawn 140 empty . the scroll be dead . suddenly , it flicker and kick to life as if re-boot . the first message say it all ... lehman bankruptcy leave country in turmoil . 141 142 143 buff revised , may 11 , 2015 118 . ext . plaza - lehman brother hq - day 141 a beautiful day . Charlie stand on a bench watch lehman employees with effect box exit through a PRESS gauntlet . September 15 , 2008 Jamie end a call below he . jamie that be Ben . the Dow have drop 1800 point in the last three day . he think the price of gold could go higher than the Dow . up be now officially down . Charlie be still watch the chaos at lehman . charlie I want to see inside . jamie how ? ext . west 49 th STREET - day 142 his box already in a taxi , a lehman guy look from Jamie and Charlie 's expectant face to the building . fuck it . the guy take off he id tag and hand it over . charlie which floor 's fix income ? int . frontpoint office - later that day 143 vinny be on the phone . Danny and porter work quietly if feverishly at they desk that be cover in screen . vinny Mark ! answer you phone ! we have to sell ! this whole thing 's blow up ! danny price be move ... I can not get a fix ! Danny 's panicked . buff revised , may 11 , 2015 119 . danny ( cont 'd ) we have like 70 position ... I can not ... I do not know what 's happen to anything ! Morgan 's lose a third of it 's value . vinny and porter exchange a worried glance . vinny be it a run ? danny I do not know . vinny Danny , be there a run on Morgan stanley ?! danny I do not know ! Danny squint at he screen ; something 's wrong with he vision . he 's soaking wet . look down at he chest . danny ( cont 'd ) I think I be have a heart attack . porter no , you be not . he 's extremely pale but do not walk from the desk , try to regulate he breathe as porter and vinny watch . porter ( cont 'd ) you be not have a heart attack . ( no response ) you be not have a heart attack . ( no response ) you be not have a heart attack . Danny look as if he can not hear . porter ( cont 'd ) all right , maybe you be . vinny pick up the phone to call 911 . vinny hello , we need a ambulance , now ! 144 145 146 buff revised , may 11 , 2015 120 . int . lehman elevator bank - day 144 a diminutive exec be in the flow of depart employee . diminutive exec go straight to you transportation ! do not talk to the press ! go straight to you transportation ! do not talk to the press ! Jamie hold up the pass for a Guard , who hurriedly wave he and Charlie through the turnstile , like two diplomat slip back in the embassy as saigon fall . int . trading floor - lehman brother - day 145 abandon . a few employees pack . loose paper 's everywhere . Charlie and Jamie walk through the destruction : plunder desk ; emptied picture frame ; sad tchotkes . on one desk , someone 's make a pyramid of Red bull can . on one wall , someone 's paint a huge ... leh : 0.00 . charlie this be not how I picture it . jamie what would you think we would find ? Charlie consider this question a few second . charlie the grow -up . ext . ST . patrick cathedral - day 146 a business crowd pass . on the church step , Danny be now okay . he , vinny and porter watch the crowd , rush past , oblivious . vinny you okay ? danny yeah ... I think so . it 's embarrassing . I really think I be have a heart attack . 147 buff revised , may 11 , 2015 porter let 's go to dinner tonight . I hear there 's a great new Cuban joint in the lower east side . danny really ? I have like that . vinny pace . his blackberry ring . vinny Mark , finally ! ( answer ) hey , it 's a bloodbath up here . ext . upper east side apartment roof garden - same time Mark sit at a table with he laptop and a coffee , shell shocked stare off into the building around he . vinny on Mark 's cell phone speaker . vinny ( 0.s. ) Word 's out . Morgan 's stock have lose half its value . down to 23.10 . client be want to talk to you about pull they money . ( then ) it 's now or never . we gotta sell Mark . ( silence ) hello ? ( nothing ) Mark ?! MARK yeah . close on MARK . he 's stare at nothing . vinny ( 0.s . ) at least tell I what you be think . fade to black : michael burry ( v.o. ) I meet my wife on match.com . my profile say , quote , I be a medical student with only one eye , a awkward social manner , and $ 145,000 in student loan , end quote . ( more ) 148 149 a150 150 buff revised , may 11 , 2015 122 . michael burry ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) she write back : you be just what I have be look for . she mean honest . so , let I be honest ... int . scion office - day 148 bare foot on corporate carpet . mike ( v.o. ) .-- make money be not like I think it would be . Mike 's at the Assistant 's desk sorting through a stack of he mail . he 's also listen to the voice mail on the phone 's speaker , erase most message after they start . voice mail message oh , Mike , this be Kerry Mann down at camelot Capital . listen , we see you be jump back in the equity market in a big way . in this environment , we be not sure that 's a wise -- he hit erase . and keep sorting . mike ( v.o. ) this business kill the part of life that be essential : the part that have nothing to do with business . int . mini - mart - day 149 burry 's former assistant be stock Red bull in a convenience store . ext . upscale miami neighborhood - day a150 the neighborhood baum tour with the real estate agent be now cover with foreclosure sign . int . seminar room - corporate HOTEL - day 150 with two dozen other , marlene and the younger agent be take a seminar , '' you can be a Real estate millionaire '' . buff revised , may 11 , 2015 122a . seminar leader # 2 ( again ) the housing crisis represent the great financial opportunity of you lifetime ! 151 152 153 154 155 buff revised , may 11 , 2015 123 . ext . convenience store - day 151 the man with the tattooe head come out of the store and hurry to he car , carry food . when he get in , we see he child , wife and they stuff . they now live in the car . mike ( v.o. ) for the past two year my inside have feel like they be eat themselves . all the people I respected will not talk to I anymore except through lawyer ... int . basketball arena - miami university - day 152 a large job fair . maroon wait in a long line for he turn with a advisor , one of many in a row of fold table . he look over to see he friend , Black , in another line . nod . hey . hey . mike ( v.o. ) people want a authority to tell they how to value thing . but they choose this authority not base on fact or result . they choose it because it seem authoritative and familiar . and I be not and never have be ... '' familiar . '' int . cab - day 153 the West African cab Driver that drive Mark look at he 401k . it say - 43,540 dollar . leave only 46k . int . mike' office - night 154 Mike type the email we have be hearing in vo throughout . mike ( v.o. ) so , I have come to the sullen realization that I must close down the fund . int . scion office - night 155 it 's the night Mike erase the white board in the empty office . this time , we watch he write he fund 's growth ...+489 % . 156 157 buff revised , may 11 , 2015 124 . mike ( v.o. ) I be write this to inform you that earlier today I sell off all position for scion Fund . he circle it . then walk out . int . office - deutsche bank - day 156 inscrutable , Jared vennett consider a bonus letter on he desk . he talk to camera . jare ( to camera ) I can not really say it to anyone else , but I ’1ll say it to you : I be right . I take a rash of shit for the past two year but I be right . his bonus for 2008 be $ 47,000,000 . jare ( cont 'd ) hey I never say I be the hero of this story . he kiss the check . jare ( cont 'd ) I can feel you judge I ... remember , I make this bank 20 billion . my two boss lose 30 billion and still get fifty million in bonuse . you do not see that on you news do you ? ext . upper east side apartment roof garden - day 157 Mark as before , quiet , talk to vinny via cell phone . music : a piano piece like the twins by max richter fade in slowly vinny ( 0.s. ) Mark !? at least tell I what you be think . MARK paulson and bernanke just leave the White House . there 's go to be a bailout . Mark 's voice be full of mask emotion , quiet , resign . buff revised , may 11 , 2015 124a . vinny ( 0.s. ) you be serious ?! buff revised , may 11 , 2015 125 . MARK yeah ... the whole time we be wonder how the big bank could be so stupid ... they do not care . they know the tax payer have to bail they out . vinny ( v.o. ) that fucker . ( and then ) at least we will see some of they go to jail . and they be go to have to break up the bank . MARK I do not know vinny . I bet in a few year we will be do what people always do when the economy go south : blame immigrant and poor people . jare ( v.o. ) but Mark be wrong . in the year that follow 100 's of banker and rating 's agency executive go to jail . the SEC be completely overhaul . 158 montage of reform imagery : 1 . hearing at congress . 2 . the58 dodd / frank banking reform be signed , 3 . banker be perp walked in handcuff . jare ( v.o. ) and Congress have no choice but to break up the big bank and regulate the mortgage and derivative industry . ( beat ) just kid . 159 smash to : vt. of 1 ) people scream at immigrant child sn the border . 2 ) governor and talk show host blaming teachers 3 ) congress voting down serious banking reform . jare ( v.o. ) the bank take the money the american people give they and use it to lobby the Congress to kill big reform . and then America blame immigrant and poor people . and this time ... even teacher . ( more ) buff revised , may 11 , 2015 126 . jare ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and when all be say and do , only one single banker go to jail . picture of the one banker who went to jail . jare ( v.o . ) this poor schmuck . kareem serageldin from credit suisse . he hide a few billion in mortgage bond loss . something most of the big bank do on a good day . I be sure it do not hurt that he be of egyptian decent ... 160 ext . upper east side apartment roof garden - continuous 160 Mark silently look off into the distance , still on the phone with vinny . vinny ( v.o. ) Mark ? ( beat ) can we sell now ? the fund 'il make almost a billion dollar ... you will clear 200 mill Mark . MARK you know once we sell we be just like all the rest ... vinny ( v.o. ) no we be not Mark ... we do not prey on people 's dream of own a home ... they do . and now we can kick they in the tooth . MARK a billion dollar ... vinny that 's right . but we have get to sell or it could be zero . it 's now or never . it really be . Long beat . MARK okay ... sell it all . the Big short buff revised , may 11 , 2015 127 . music : orchestral theme . and then over black ... '' when the dust settle from the collapse 5 trillion dollar in pension money , real estate value , 401k , savings , and bond have disappear . 8 million people lose they job , six million lose they home . and that be just in the USA . '' '' Charlie geller and Jamie shipley attempt to sue the rating agency but be laugh out of all law office . Jamie still run brownfield with Ben rickert but Charlie leave New York to live in Charlotte and start a family . he do not go on lithium . '' '' Cynthia say Mark baum actually become gracious after the collapse and never say '' I tell you so '' to anyone . but he do give large sum of he money to a charity that help people escape from cult . Danny , vinny and porter all still run a fund together and be as terrify as ever . '' '' Michael burry contact the government several time to see if anyone want to interview he to find out how he know the system would collapse year before anyone else . no one ever return he call . but he be audite four time and question by the FBI . the small invest he still do be all focus on one commodity : water . '' after a beat ... '' in 2015 several large bank begin sell billion in something call a '' bespoke tranche opportunity . '' which accord to the Wall Street Journal be just another name for a cdo . '' end .