the beaver by Kyle killen 5/8/08 fade in : int . walter' bedroom - day walter , mid 40 's , vacant , lie in bed fully dress in a suit and tie . the voice we hear belong to the beaver . he have a crisp English accent . the beaver ( v.o . ) this be a picture of walter Black , a hopelessly depressed individual . he want you to know he 's try everything . begin montage : close on a shelf of self help title . walter pull down dumping depression . close on a medicine cabinet full of prescription . walter pop some pill . walter chant and pound as part of a drum circle . walter sob on a park bench . walter hit himself with a belt but refuse to show emotion . walter pop more pill . walter read from the rainbow inside . walter lay on a couch , speak to he therapist . walter stare into a hypnotist 's pocketwatch . walter pop a whole handful of pill . CUT to : close on a night stand where a copy of six step to a new you lie open . in bed beside it , walter sleep . the beaver ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) but , mostly what he do be sleep . a alarm go off . he slap it dead . CUT to : walter get into bed . it 's still daylight . kid play outside . walter sleep on a couch , mid-afternoon . walter sleep at he desk . the beaver ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) he prefer to call it siesta . he dream of island with bright building and wander dog . walter sleep in he car . the beaver ( v.o. + ( cont 'd ) place where the dursuit of slumber be a local custom . walter sleep in a fast food restaurant . a worker poke he . the beaver ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) Rather than a sign of intractable clinical depression . int . walter' office walter sit at he desk . he stare at a photo of he family . the beaver ( v.o . two thing keep walter from sleep forever . close on the photo . walter , the wife , two boy . more on they later . the beaver ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) one be he family , which sleep only at night and regards that who do otherwise with suspicion . new angle reveal that the room be full of people . on the far wall , the vp , late 30 's , sharp , motion to a chart . all the line aim down . all the eye turn to walter . the beaver ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) the other be that he 's the ceo of a once - proud toy company - flash to : int . fine restaurant —- night davy conyer , former ceo sit across from a escort . davy start to choke . the beaver - whose founder die unexpectedly , and leave walter in charge . davy go face down on the table . thud . the beaver ( cont 'd ) walter 's since lead they to the edge of bankruptcy . int . school cafeteria henry , adorable , fragile - took third grader , sit alone stare straight ahead while other kid talk and play . the beaver ( v.o . what he 's do to the company be just the start . his depression be a ink that stain all who touch he . a black hole that swallow all who get near . a wad of mashed potato splat next to Henry . other kid laugh . if Henry notice , he do not show it . the beaver ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) Henry , he youngest , have become , what he teacher call , ' hermit like 's . int . porter' bedroom - evening porter , cute but wild haire emo teen , sit at he desk , read . t bhe book around he have title 's like : dna=destiny ? he stare into a notebook label journal of similarity . it 's some sort of list with fifty something item like : fingernail digging , whistle breathe , finger - Chin tap . the beaver ( v.o. porter , he oldest , have begin to openly lobby for a divorce ... we push past porter towards he wall where there 's a deep , head_size dent in the drywall . we close in on the hole . int . kitchen - night push_in on the refrigerator , where photo of two different middle age bachelor be stick with magnet . the beaver ( v.o. ) and leave hint that he mother could easily find a replacement . int . bookstore coffee shop - day meredith , late 30 's with late 20 's look , weep among woman who practically have soccer Mom tattooe on they forehead . the beaver ( v.o. ) meredith , he wife , have clung to hope that he 'il one day wake up , snap out of it . she reach into she purse for a tissue , but end up with another of porter 's bachelor photo . she put it back , take a napkin from one of the lady . int . walter' bedroom walter be lay in bed , dress as we first find he . the beaver ( v.o . ) but he have not . and she 's finally decide that he be a weight she and the kid can no longer carry . meredith appear in the doorway . walter look over at she . he get it . quick cut : close on the self help book be pack into a box . close on the medication be sweep into another box . close on the box be load into a pack trunk . the lid be close , revealing a car stuff to the gill . the beaver ( v-0 - ) ( cont 'd ) she do the only thing leave to do - int . walter 's car walter get in . he look into he side mirror and see meredith crying in the driveway behind he . he turn . the beaver ( v.o. ) - and say the only thing leave to say . ext . walter' house - day they eye connect . it 's awkward . do you wave when you be be throw out ? he begin to massage he eyebrow with he thumb and forefinger . finally , he put the car in drive . she cross she arm , swallow she tear . as she watch he drive away ... the beaver ( v.o. ) Goodbye . fade to black . int . school library porter sit across from jare , a confuse athletic type . jare cc minus ! porter grab a paper off the desk , wave it at Jared . porter Jared , you be fail the class . and this write sample could probably get you commit in several state . you really think you can suddenty hand in a a paper and get away with it ? jare but I can get a fuck C -! porter excellent . good luck to you . porter start to leave . jare what about hector ? you just get he a a in family development . porter start to massage he eyebrow exactly as we see walter do . realizing it , he suddentl , stop and discipline himself by snapping a big rubber band on he wrist . frustrate , he take out he Journal of similarities notebook . as he add massage eyebrow to the list ... porter I have never write anything for hector . if he tell you different he 's a_liar . ( close he notebook ) but hypothetically , if I have write hector a a paper , it certainly would not have be right out of the box . hypothetically , he would have come_to I a long time ago , and we would have raise he rade incrementally . and he would ave be responsible for memorize the fact in the papers I write so that he would not miss test question over the same information . and if that have happen , then yes , he might have turn in a a paper and he might even be make a solid B in a class he use to be fail . ( more ) porter ( cont 'd ) so , if someone else be ask I to do this for they , to not only write they a paper , but to do it as they , with they voice , at they skill level , then I would say that they could either do it my way or they could take they chance buy some piece of shit off the internet . Jared think this over . jare 150 every time ? porter ( sing -song ) responsible regular receive reduce rate . porter slide a book across the table . Jared sigh . he open it , put $ 150 in and slide it back . porter nod and stand . jare I gotta pass this class to graduate you know ? porter Wilkins , from you team last year ? the one who think the word igneous and ignorant be interchangeable ? where 's he now ? jare play for OSU . porter nod . porter you will get the grade . all you have to do be make people believe they be yours . porter walk away . norah , cheerleader outfit , the kind of girl you be either hopelessly in love with , hopelessly jealous of , or both , break away from friend to catch up . int . school hallway - continuous norah glide in beside he . norah hey . porter 's look say they do not normally talk . he keep move . porter hey ? norah what ? I can not say hey to you ? porter you can , you just never have . norah well , I be ... sorry . porter really ? I be not . without warning , porter stop at he locker . she take a few step before realize it . she come back . he seem annoyed . porter ( cont 'd ) seriously , what do you want ? she 's take aback by the hostility . a beat . norah ; ; I ... need you to write something . porter laugh . porter I know it . be this what pass for undercover around here ? you be the fuck valedictorian . he reall think I be go to fall for this ? norah who ? porter mumphry , or whichever vice principal send you . you tell he I be insulted . porter close he locker , start away . she grab he . norah hey ! will you hold on for a second ? porter grudgingly stop . norah ( cont 'd ) no one send I . I really need help . porter you have a 4.0 . I be eight place behind - ou in the class rank . I copy . o : ygu in calculus . why on babin 's wou d you want I to write you a paper ? norah it 's not a paper . ( quiet ) it 's ... my graduation speech . porter look , I do not usually say this , but save you money '' no one pay attention to that thing . he start to go . she grab he again . norah yeah , well , my parent will be pay attention , so ... I hear , not that_ I be say you write other eople 's papers , but if you do , I ear you really make yourself sound like they . get ? in they head . that 's what I need . porter consider this . a long beat . porter I have need some sample and - she quickly hand he a paper from she bag . norah I have this now and I can get you more by tomorrow . porter look at the paper . porter I see one i dot with a heart and we be do . he start away . norah you really copy off I in calculus ? without look back ... porter | do not forget to bring cash . int . suburban - day meredith wait in suv gridlock outside the elementary school . she scan the crowd but can not find Henry . suddenly , the passenger door open and , seemingly from nowhere , petite Henry hoist himself in . henry you pass I again . meredith I be look . Henry shrug . his to drive . meredith ( cont 'd ) how be you day ? another shrug . meredith ( cont 'd ) do you talk to anyone ? henry I guess . meredith New person or old person ? henry New . meredith good . what do you talk about ? henry ( matter of fact ) he say I be a ball licker and I tell he I be not and he throw I in the dumpster . meredith be aghast . Henry show no emotion . meredith what ! do you tell you teacher ? henry she get I out of the dumpster . demeanor be very quiet , flat . as she start meredith suppress she urge to cry as if she 's be train , calm she voice , and say something that sound rehearse . Henry nod as if he 's also hear she look question . meredith this be why the doctor want you_to focus on come out of you shell . when you spend so much time alone , the other kid see you as a target . henry be dad go ? it before . a silent beat . at he , try to measure how he feel about this Henry give nothing away . meredith he 's not go dear . we just agree that it 's better for we all if we do not live together anymore . §eeat ) how do that make you feel ? 10 . Henry shrug . ext . liqour store - evening walter come out with two large bag of clinking liquor . when he get to the car he realize there 's no room for they . close on walter 's trunk be open . close on a dumpster . box be toss in . we see that they be the one full of self help book and medication . clothes follow . file . Award . yearbook . a set of golf club . new angle show walter empty the final item out of the backseat . he throw they in the dumpster . walter stare at what he 's do , he life mix in with the garbage . he look sleepy . he leave , then stop , slowly come back , eyeing something . angle on the garbage reveal a half bury beaver puppet , its large plastic eye stare out from under some refuse . walter squint , then reach for it . it turn out to have a large bushy tail and big happy grin . he hold it up . he and the beaver seem to stare blankly at one another for a long time , as if each read a story in the other 's eye . close on the trunk again as the two large bag full of liquor be toss into the now empty space . a beat , then .... the beaver puppet be toss in too . the lid slam down . int . HOTEL room - evening angle on the bed as we hear the door OPEN , the bottle be set on the ground . suddenly walter fall into bed with he shoe on . he pull a pillow over he head . he sleep . int . HOTEL room - night the room be a wreck . sheet , clothes , empty bottle . angle on a bottle of sleep pill , open and half go . we follow a trail of the little pink pill until we come to ... 11 . walter , sit on the floor shoot whiskey straight , the beaver puppet now on he leave hand . he 's weeping . on the tv , Alan thicke be have a heart to heart with kirk cameron in a growing pain episode ... alan thicke ( on tv ) this be a very special place Mike . my father build this cabin by hand . kirk cameron ( on tv ) wow ! no tool or anything ? cool ! this seem very profound to walter . still crying , he laugh along with the audience and move toward the tv , hug it . walter ( drunk ) beautiful . he take a shot of whiskey and then pour some on the screen as if pour it down Alan thicke 's throat . walter ( cont 'd ) there you go . angle on the tv again as walter continue pour whiskey on the screen . Alan and kirk hug . something break in walter . he drop the bottle . a do beat as he look around the room , he face suddenly ank . CUT to : int . HOTEL bathroom walter have fashioned a necktie into a noose around the shower rod . he sob as he step up onto the edge of the bathtub , knee bent , and tighten it around he neck . he take a few deep breath and close he eye . a long beat . he inch he foot to the very edge of the bathtub and then , finally , let they slip off . his weight drop onto the noose , but it suspend he for barely a second before the whole rod come down , drop he into the tub backwards with a tremendous crash . his foot hang out of the tub , the rest of he invisible , motionless . 12 . silence . CUT to : int . HOTEL room angle on the shower rod as it drag across the carpet . reveal walter , still fastened to the rod by he tie , trudging toward the balcony . drop of blood dot the back of he shirt . ext . HOTEL balcony / int . HOTEL room - continuous walter put a chair next to the railing , climb up . he take rickety step up until he 's balanced very tenuously on the edge of the railing . he look down , a solid ten storey . the tie pull at he neck , the shower rod hang behind he , banging against the balcony in the breeze , he look resign . a gust of wind almost tip he forward . he take a breath , seem to decide he 's ready . he raise he arm as if to swan dive . and then suddenly , he catch a glimpse of the beaver puppet on he leave hand . he eye it as if he have forget all about it . he bring it close . they stare one another down . as he stare , he start to tip forward , about to fall , but at the last moment , he overcorrect and instead tip backward toward the room . he fall over the chair and through the open door , crashing into the dresser before fall backward onto the ground . a quiet beat until we notice that the shower rod have get wrap around the tv and be slowly pull it toward the edge of the dresser , just above the seemingly unconscious walter . a beat , and then the tv tip off , landing flat on walter 's head with a meaty thud . silence . CUT to : int . black kitchen - night meredith , porter , and Henry eat at the table . the awkwardness indicate this be not a regular thing . 13 . porter do not get I wrong , I be glad you kick he out . but the whole eat at the table in response to family drama thing ? I mean , how long do you see we keep this up ? meredith I do not know . how about until we start treat one another with some respect ? and ask each other about we day . and you two start say yes mar ’am and no mar ’am . and help with the dish . and - porter maybe I should get a paper route too . a long beat then ... CUT to : int . live room - night meredith , Henry , and porter sit with they dinner in they lap watch the Daily show . only jon Stewart speak . int . HOTEL room walter blink awake on the floor . the tv be flat against he face , iiterally sit on he head . between it and the carpet he field of vision be narrow . suddenly , he raise he leave arm so the beaver puppet be all he can see . a long beat , then ... the beaver hello , mate . when the beaver speak , we recognize the crisp accent from the narration . walter 's lip still move , so there 's no confusion about where the sound actually come from , but for a hand puppet , the beaver be strangely animated . when walter speak , it 's in he own tired , groggy voice , so a spite one of they be a puppet , they seem to be have a real back and forth conversation . walter who be you ? the beaver bloody hell . look at you . Stone drunk and flatten by a television . ( more ) 14 . the beaver ( cont 'd ) quite a obituary you be work out for yourself , yeah ? walter leave I alone . the beaver you know what you problem be , walter ? you do not know when to give up . Chicken Soup , Seven Habits , how to win Friends . which one have the chapter about drop a tv on you ead ? walter please , just let I rest . the beaver Library for loser , that 's what you have get mate . book , pill , promise , resolution . you be ugging Alan thicke for God 's sake . walter I be sick . the beaver now on that we agree . the question be , do you want to get better ? walter of course , but - the beaver yeah , yeah , I know , you be depressed . lethargic . anhedonia . family can not even stand you anymore and yet you can not seem to snap out of it , yeah ? a beat . walter nod slightly despite the tv on he head . walter yes . the beaver you be go about it all wron mate . this book and pill a shit , they be cotton candy - you get a little sugar rush and then , hello , you realize you be still the same stupid fuck who try to hug television and hang himself from shower rod . you problem be you have see too many ho} home improvement show . you thin ou knock out a wall , change the rape , everything will be back in order . do not wor ! that way . this thing , it 's like back hair . you cut it , it just grow back thicker . ( more ) 15 . the beaver ( cont 'd ) you want thing to change , really change , you get to nuke it . forget home repair , walter . if you want to get anywhere you ! have got_to blow up the whole goddamn building . walter I do not know how to do that . the beaver well , I do walter . I do . and I can help you if you let I . walter I ... yes ... please . the beaver it 's not go to be easy you understand ? you have to trust I . walter yes. please . just , just ... blow it up . blow it up . walter be start to weep again . the beaver come on now , stay with I . you can not just toss a bunch of dynamite and run . we gotta bring everything down clean so when we be do , we can put something new in its place . you understand ? now , do you still have you laptop , or do you rubbish it ? a long beat . walter who be you ? the beaver I be the beaver , walter . I be here to save you goddamn life . fade to black . int . gym - afternoon porter be in the stand read genetic psychology today as norah be practice with the cheerleader on the floor . the coach call a break . norah split from the other , grab she bag and move up to where porter be . he close the magazine . she look at it . norah ( read ) genetic psychology today ? 16 . he put the magazine into he bag . porter bookstore be out of US weekly . he dig she sample out of he bag . he hand it back . she 's surprised . norah you do not need it anymore ? I bring other - — porter I be not do it . she 's stunne . norah what ? why ? he start speak , but stop suddenly . he hear something . a faint whistle each time he exhales . he mash at he nose until it go away , then snap the rubber band on he wrist and continue . porter because that 's a excellent paper . you be a excellent writer . which mean that the only reason for I to do this would be because you can not be bother to do it yourself . I be sure shaking pom pom and be anorexic be a ful schedule , I bet if you pot you mind to it , you can work this in . he stand , gather he thing . norah wait a minute . porter you know , it 's one thing to get by on you look when it 's all you have get . but for someone like you it 's gust lazy . if you be stick for a opic , maybe you should just go with that . short skirt , nose job , and get someone else to do it . worked for I , kid ! he start to go . norah look floor . the coach yell from the gym floor . coach norah ! let 's go ! norah hold on ! 17 . she slam she bag on the ground , start pull out papers . she slap they on the ground . norah ( cont 'd ) ( angry ) do that look lazy to you ? porter stop . turn . she keep pull more , stack they . norah ( cont 'd ) I write 10 page papers in a hour and half for easy a 's . the stack keep grow , head for War and peace territory . norah ( cont 'd ) do you have any idea how many time I have try to write this stupid thing ? she throw a last set on top . norah ( cont 'd ) that 's 428 page of lazy . that 's six month of lazy . that 's 63 different open joke , famous uote , and follow you rainbow inspirational bullshit of lazy ! the whole squad be watch from the floor . porter be clearly uncomfortable . norah ( cont 'd ) ( start to tear up ) I have work harder and longer on this stupid pointless speech with less to show for it than anythin I have ever do in my life . and i ou do not want to take my money ecause of some insecuri 's base bullshit , then fine . but so not you dare call I fuck lazy . she hurl she bag at he foot and head down the stair , return to the wide eye squad . as she go ... norah ( cont 'd ) asshole . porter look stunne , embarrassed . he eye the stack of papers by he foot . the faint whistle in he breathe return . int . suburban - day meredith scan the elementary kid again . she reach the teacher at the end of the line . she roll down she window . 18 . meredith I be sorry . he just blend in . I must have miss he again . teacher no , Mr. Black already get he . meredith walter ? teacher Said he send you a text ? quite a character . that do not sound like ... meredith you be sure it be walter ? someone honk . the teacher move on . meredith check she phone . sure enough , there 's a text . ext . driveway / int . garage - afternoon meredith wheel into the driveway , open the garage door . as it rise she see Henry , bent over a workbench surround by wood , sawdust , and tool . when he see she , he look up , beam . he seem like a entirely different kid . as meredith get out he run toward she . henry Mom , mom . you gotta see what we do ! come on ! she 's stunne by he excitement . he take she hand , start pull . meredith okay , okay . as he 's drag she toward the workbench ... meredith ( cont 'd ) where be you father ? Henry do not hear she . instead , he pick up a simple , but impressive , wooden box . he hand it to she . henry , you put you memory in it . she look it over , impressed , confuse . it strike she as a little nice to have come from she garage . 19 . meredith where do this come from ? henry we make it . meredith you and you dad ? henry I and the beaver . meredith the beaver ? just then , walter step from the house into the garage , a smile as rare and bright as Henry 's on he face . he seem genuinely excited to see she . but before he speak , walter raise he leave hand revealing the beaver puppet . the beaver do the talk . the beaver hello , love . be just about to call you . any idea where walter stuff the power sander you give he two christmase ago ? meredith be stunne into silence . the beaver ( cont 'd ) no ? no trouble . we ’1ll make do . ( to walter ) give she the thing . walter hand she a 3 x5 size card with a message print on it . he then move past she and join Henry at the workbench . meredith look at the card . meredith ( read ) hello . the person who hand you this card be under the care ofa prescription puppet design to " look up at walter ) walter , what the hell be go on ? walter and Henry begin sand by hand . the beaver just some male bond , love . the boy here practically lemand a gentleman 's club , but I win he over with the promise of power tool . Henry laugh . meredith can not help but gape at the rare sound . 20 . meredith I mean , what ... she move closer to walter , lower she voice . meredith ( cont 'd ) what be you do here ? we agree . the beaver do Henry show you the box ? kid 's a natural . I think we have nail a 2 x4 to the wall , call it a shelf , but the boy , he 's tongue and grove this and miter see that . I think he head might be make out of wood . he knock on Henry 's head as the boy continue to laugh , but this time it 's not enough . meredith want answer . meredith walter . seriously . walter and the beaver look at one another . the beaver turn to Henry . the beaver Henry mate , why do not you run inside , see if you_can find that varnish we be talk about . Henry drop he sandpaper and take off like a shot . walter and the beaver turn to meredith . the beaver ( cont 'd ) do you read the card ? meredith yes , but - the beaver read the card . she raise the card again . a meredith be ru in readin : weil ? the person who band ou this card be under the care ofa prescription puppet design to elp create a psychological distance between himself and the negative aspect of he personality . please , treat he as you normally would , but address yourself to the puppet until such time as it be no wit necessary . failure to do so will eopardize he hard win therapeutic gain . thank you . 21 . she look up . the beaver there you go . meredith be this some kind of joke ? the beaver hardly , love it 's - meredith will you stop with the puppet ! walter look at the beaver . the beaver nod . walter take a breath , lower the puppet . his voice be much closer to the tired monotone we hear earlier . walter happy ? meredith no , walter . I be very confuse . walter meredith , this be a breakthrough . he say that if I stick with it we can knock down - meredith who say ? a long beat as walter think about this one . he look to the beaver for guidance . finally ... walter Dr. macy . meredith Dr. macy ? I think you quit see he . walter I go back . meredith so this be some kind of ... program ? walter raise the beaver again . the beaver I will field that one . the answer be yes , meredith , that 's exactly what it be . I know it seem radical , but that 's because it have to be . in case like walter 's , case where all else have fail , it 's prove quite effective . ( more ) 22 . the beaver ( cont 'd ) but for it to work , he 's get to really commit to clean earn and you house and start over , ou could g° a long way toward faci litatin be progress if you could just work with he on this . meredith think on this for a second . she look past the beaver and right at walter . meredith and he really think this will work ? walter slide the beaver back into she eye line . the beaver absolutely . it 's very big in Sweden . she 's about to say more when Henry come back from inside . henry I can not find it . the beaver not a problem , mate . what you say we get this mess clean up ? we 'li worry with the varnish next time . henry you be not leave be you ? the beaver ; do not worry , I 'il come round this weekend , we will finish it up . henry no , you have to stay for dinner . Mom , let he stay for dinner . the beaver that 's all right mate , I 'il - meredith look at Henry 's plead expression . meredith it 's okay . you ... it 's okay . for dinner . Henry cheer . meredith be still stunne by he demeanor . walter turn to she . he look like he want to say something , but can not . he just nod , then turn the beaver to Henry . the beaver right then . let 's clean up the garage so we can make a mess in the itchen , yeah ? 23 . henry yeah ! walter join Henry as meredith stare , unsure whose transformation to be more shocked by . int . foyer - evening porter enter , read from the giant stack of papers that norah throw in front of he . he stop . he hear laughter . int . kitchen - evening porter step in to see walter use the beaver to toss a salad , grab fistful in its jaw with little growls . Henry and meredith laugh at this as they cook . porter what - the - fuck . they all look up . meredith stop jaughing . before she can say anything walter turn the beaver toward porter . the beaver ah , there he be . walter move as if he might hug porter . porter recoil , but when walter get close , he simply hand over one of he card . the beaver ( cont 'd ) we be afraid we would have to start without you . porter read the card silently . he look up . porter this a joke , right ? the beaver no , son , it 's a fresh start . porter gape at the beaver for a moment , then look past he . porter have you completely lose you mind ? the beaver well , I know it look a little - porter I be not ask you , nut job . I be ask mom . meredith start to say something but porter cut she off . 24 . porter ( cont 'd ) it take you ou to finally get rid of he a ou let he come back the next night with a talk et eat ) I know you be weak , but Christ . meredith porter - but he 's already walk out . int . live room - night the tv be on the Daily show again . new angle reveal that porter be the only one eat in front of it . int . kitchen - night walter , Henry , and meredith be at the table . as they eat , meredith be clearly still smart from porter 's word . she focus on the memory box which sit just in front of she plate . as she handle it , she try to put on a smile again . meredith I can not believe you guy make this . you never , I mean walter never ... I be sorry I be not clear on how I be suppose to ... address you . the beaver you be do fine , love . meredith I mean , the tool be always on you Christmas list , but rt just assume it be a_hobby you have never actually start . I have no idea you know how to ... she indicate the box . henry he 's a beaver , mom , that 's what they do . the beaver Spot on , mate . walter hold the beaver towards Henry . he exchange a high five with the beaver 's tiny paw . 25 . the beaver ( cont 'd ) but xo know , walter be not half bad himself at one time . henry yeah ? who teach he ? the beaver well , I suppose he teach himself . he be about you age , yeah ? cub scout . he and he pop be suppose to make a race car for a contest . only he pop be not around , so he have to do it himself . henry where be he dad ? int . live room porter hear this question and mute the tv . he look toward the kitchen . int . kitchen - intercut meredith give walter a look . walter absent 1 drag line through he food with he fork as he think . ie hear a faint whistle in he breath like the sound porter < aiscipline himself for make earlier . finally ... the beaver he be in a accident . pass away . henry you mean grandpa ? from the graveyard ? the beaver right -o . anyway , walter have grandpa 's tool , but not a clue how to use they . every time he hammer or saw or chisell on he block of wood it just get uglier and uglier . the time he be do it teok ike he have take something a dog have chew up and screw wheel on it . Henry laugh . meredith be listen , not touch she food . the beaver ( cont 'd ) now all this other kid 's car , the one they would build with they dad , they be thing of beauty . and then here be walter 's , aerodynamic as a billboard , ugly as sin . ( more ) 26 . the beaver ( cont 'd ) so_you know what the other kid 's call it ? Henry shake he head . the beaver ( cont 'd ) the turd . Henry love it . the beaver ( cont 'd ) if you have see it , you have think that be generous . funny part be , when they actually get down to racing , the turd could not be beat . all that sand and shiny opponent , the turd leave they in the dust . won the whole contest , that little mess . henry sweet . the beaver well , the other kid do not think so . they tease he about it endlessly . turd master , that be he new name . suddenly this resonate with Henry . henry what do he do ? the beaver get some book and some wood , and he teach himself all there be to know about that tool . how to make thing precise , neat , clean , smooth . worked until he be better than most of the other kid 's father . and when the next year 's contest come he turn in a car that look like it belong in a bloody museum . henry do he win ? the beaver do not even race . see , by then it do not matter how good he car look . all the other kid see be that it be walter 's . they call it the turd ii . ( beat ) so he tell they to piss off and take it home . we see porter listen gtosely unconsciously draw little line in he food just like walter 27 . henry that suck . the beaver indeed , mate . indeed . but walter do not have to worry about that kind of thing anymore . you know why ? henry why ? the beaver because he 's get I . walter go back to eat . meredith watch Henry . henry dad , can we make a turd ? the beaver anytime , mate . anytime . henry let 's do it tomorrow . int . henry 's room walter tuck Henry in . he kiss he on each cheek , one with he lip , one with the beaver 's . henry good night , beaver . the beaver good night , mate . walter flip out the light . int . hallway walter join meredith . they move down to porter 's doorway . meredith : porter , you dad 's leave . you want to say goodbye ? porter get up from he desk , walk toward the doorway like he might say something . instead , he slam the door in they face . loud music quickly follow from within . meredith move to reopen it , but walter grab she arm . the beaver he 's a teenager , love . we have only have to worry if he like we . 28 . she lower she arm . a beat . meredith do you have far to go ? I mean , you can stay on the couch if you need to . the beaver that 's all right . the hotel be actually closer to the office . we have get a big day tomorrow . he give she a quick kiss on the cheek and start down the stair . a moment before something occur to she . she step to the top of the stair . meredith you be suppose to go to work like this ? the beaver ( without look back ) Bright and early , love , bright and ear she watch he go , suddenly concerned . int . porter' bedroom porter be walk around on he cell , norah 's page in hand . norah ( filter ) hello . porter norah . it 's porter . listen , about what I say earlier - norah be you go to help I or not ? porter well ... I have be read you stuff , and I think maybe if we talk more about what you be try to say - norah Fine . come by after school tomorrow . porter um - she hang up . porter put the phone down . he look satisfied , mildly upbeat . 29 . then he look out he window and see walter get in he car . walter look up , see porter , and raise the beaver to wave goodbye . and like that , porter go south . he sit on he bed to think and find himself instinctively y massage he eyebrow as we see before . the faint whistle in he breath return . he catch himself do this thing and , in a flash of frustration , pound on he head with he fist . unsatisfied , he pull _a poster from the wall revealing the large dent we see earlier and begin pounding he head into the drywall . ext . black house - night close on the outside of porter 's wall where he blow force crack in the stucco . with each hit , chip fall away until we finally hear a heavy thud follow by silence . fade to black . ext . STREET - morning walter be jogging ; pull back to reveal that he 's hold the beaver in front of he as he do , almost a hood ornament . int . HOTEL bathroom - morning walter shower . he soap himself and the beaver . int . HOTEL room - morning walter stand in a towel blow drying the beaver . quick cut : walter presses a suit . the beaver guide the iron . walter straighten he tie . walter comb the beaver 's fur . int . HOTEL room - morning walter regards himself and the beaver in the mirror . he look like a brook Brothers model ... with a beaver on he hand . he stare at the beaver for a long beat . he look nervous . finally ... 30 . the beaver trust I , mate . today will be different . int . office - morning a wide shot show row of cube . no one 's here yet . there 's a small card in the center of each desk . close on a single desk . the card be the same therapeutic caution card walter give to meredith and porter . new angle inside of a pair of cube , the card in the center of the desk . new angle inside of a office . the same situation . new angle as employees begin to stream in . a couple get to they desk . they pick up the card . they look at one another . wif ? ext . office - morning as people stream in , we see a large sign on the front door . it read : all hand meeting - cafeteria 9 am - no exception . they murmur about this as they pass . int . cafeteria - 9 am employees take seat and talk , many of they hold and discuss the card . the vp walk in , also carry a card . a skeptical man grab he . skeptical man what the hell be this ? the vp look as confuse as everyone else . the vp I ... have no idea . — skeptical man . this be layoff , be not it ? suddenly the room go quiet as everyone look at the vp for he answer . then , from the front of the room ... the beaver no one 's get laid off . 31 . all the head whip around to find walter stand before they , the beaver raise and hold forward . the beaver ( cont 'd ) get rid of you all and I have no one to boss around , yeah ? thunder silence . angle on walter and the beaver . he clear he throat . the beaver ( cont 'd ) good Morning . I assume you all get the card inform you of the new arrangement here , but if not , allow I to briefly explain . as you know walter Black ascend to ceo here nearly two year ago , not through any particular skill or merit , but because the hooker we founder take to dinner do not know the heimlich maneuver . it be a_ job walter be ill prepare to handle , and he deteriorate mental health since then have lead to lapse in focus , judgement , and eight straight lose quarter that leave we face impending bankruptcy . that be why , as of now , he be resign . quiet murmuring . the beaver ( cont 'd ) and put I in charge . now the murmur become loud chatter and dismay . angle on the vp who take a chair , bewilder . angle on walter and the beaver . walter motion for quiet . the beaver ( cont 'd ) five minute , mate , then you may tear I to shred if you like . a modicum of silence return . the beaver ( cont 'd ) as my first order of business as ceo I want to take this opportunity to announce some significant reform and goal realignment . groans . the beaver ( cont 'd ) first , I be roll back the cumbersome approva rocess institute ( ore a4 predecessor . 32 . the beaver ( cont 'd ) the truth be , he have no idea what he be do and he react to he fear by attempt to micromanage people and project that be outside he area of expertise . as of this moment I be cede control of all individual project back to the team themselves . no more endless meeting and wait for the ceo 's bless . you will all be free and entrust to do the job you be hire to do . this be the first thing they have hear that sound good . still , they be highly dubious of the source . the beaver ( cont 'd ) second , we have lack anything resembling a strategic plan as walter have pursue and abandon countless ill conceive new product line and_handicapp they b alternately inter tering in they development and sleep for large portion of the day . as of this moment , we will cease work on all but we two core line , action Jack and princess Stephanie . this be high value property that have grow stale through mismanagement and neglect - we will revamp and revitalize they , and then we will relaunch they at the International game and toy manufacturer expo in six week . significant grumbling . the beaver ( cont 'd ) that 's a bloody difficult timeline , but I have prepare a schedule that you will find in you email when you return to you desk which demonstrate how , by focus on this two line éxelusively and eliminate bureaucratic delay , it be indeed achievable . it have to be . the bottom line be that the expo provide the only near term opportunity for the significant boost in order that we require to right we ship . a beat as he let they digest this . the beaver ( cont 'd ) pastly , you be all highly intelligent people , so I can imagine that you have a healthy degree of skepticism regard my ability to lead under this ... circumstance . 33 . significant agreement . the beaver ( cont 'd ) so I be offer you the follow deal . you will give I two week . at the end of that time anyone who go not see significant improvement and choose to resign 1 receive eight full month severance and a glow letter of recommendation . no question ask , no exception . angle on the crowd . this be quite a offer . angle on walter and the beaver . he wait for quiet . then ... the beaver ( cont 'd ) understand one thing my friend . this will become a great place to work again . you have my word on that . from the back ... man and , who exactly be you suppose to be ? the beaver bollock . do I forget to introduce myself ? apology . close on walter 's lip . he subtly bite the right corner of he lower one before he say ... the beaver ( cont 'd ) you may simply call I the beaver . CUT to : int . norah' room close on porter 's iip : he 's bite he lower one exactly like walter as he take in the room . it 's like a siehotg case . Award , medal , ribbon , plaque everywhere , although for a head cheerleader , there 's nothing particularly feminine : no poster , no pink , etc . porter ( regard the wall ) this be ... impressive . she shrug it off . her attitude be all business . norah so , what do you need to know ? 34 . porter right . I guess the first thing we have to figure out be what you want to say . well , that 's ns aainda the problem . I have no idea . I mean , I have be on this track , you know , school , sport , Stanford for like , ever . I have not really have to think about what 's next , it 's just be ... obvious . so , I do not really know what I be suppose to say to people who do not have all that figure out yet . porter I see . so , you basic overachiever need help address the little people speech - have a nice summer , luck in community college . tuff like that ? norah you think you have get I all figure out , do not you ? porter ( look , around ) I be piece it together . norah what I be try to say be that good grade have not suddenly give I this brilliant insight into what everyone should do with they life . if anything it 's the opposite . I mean , when they be expel I from junior high no one be ask for my advice , but get a few a 's and now I be suppose to have all the answer ? porter I be sorry , I must have misheard you . it sound like you say expell . norah that surprise you ? porter depend on what it be for . if it have anything to do with freeing tibet , then no , it do not surprise I at all . norah how about graffiti ? 35 . porter let I guess : Stanford rule in big block letter . norah more of a unauthorize mural . I be go through a ' angry rebel artist 's phase . porter ( shaking he head ) sorry . not possible . do not compute . norah yeah , well , it 's in my file . so , see , you do not know everything . porter and where 's all this angry rebel artist stuff now ? norah I do not know . it be a long time ago . why ? porter why ? because when the student body president , chess club champion , cheerleader , valedictorian tell you that she use to make defiant masterpiece you kind of want to see one . she just look at he , unsure . porter ( cont 'd ) you still have something do not you ? come on . just one look and _ i’1l write you a speech you could run for president with . please . she hesitates . norah how about if you just agree to stop be a ass ? porter be easier to get you elect . she start to turn away . porter ( cont 'd ) okay , roxas okay . I will be good . ( hand on he heart ) promise . 36 . int . hallway norah and porter stand at the bedroom door next to she own . in addition to the knob , there 's a padlock latch . she dial in the combination . click . as she open the door ... norah we have to be quick . porter suddenly be not sure what he 's get into . int . norah' brother 's room - continuous they step in to find a bedroom eerily similar to norah 's own . trophies , award , ribbon , plaque . they be not carbon copy , but there 's a strong feel of deja vu . porter take this in , confuse . porter whose room be this ? norah use to be my brother 's . she motion toward the one thing that make this room distinctly different from hers : a painting on the far wall . norah ( cont 'd ) well , there you go . porter look it over . it 's not bad . kind of frenzied . impressionistic . interesting . porter you do this ? norah yes , yes , it 's very funny . so now you have see it . let 's go . porter no , I mean , it 's ... really good . really . she 's not sure how to take this . norah well ... thanks . he go back to look at the painting . a beat , then she go to the closet , open it . norah ( cont 'd ) actually , I never understand why he hang that one . 37 . she pull out several canvase , settles on one . she hold it up . norah ( cont 'd ) this be always my favorite . porter step over . the style be similar , but it 's brighter , more aggressive . porter wow . he start to thumb through the other . porter ( cont 'd ) this be great . where do you learn to do this ? norah I do not . I mean , I be not serious about it or anything . it be just a phase . you know , my brother be Mr. all american so I go out of my way to be all artsy and rebellious . it be stupid . she start to put the painting away . porter why do you keep they in here ? norah I do not . I do not keep any of this . I throw they out , the whole thing be just to be weird and piss off my parent . Brian , he 's the one who pull they out of the trash . porter he must have really like they . she close the closet . norah I do not know about that . I mean , he be always encourage I , tell I how with great i_was , how talented I be , it feel like a big mind game , you know ? like he have read some psycho ogy book that tell he that he pretend to like they I would give it up . she walk back to the painting on the wall . 38 . norah ( cont 'd ) see , my parent , they be always try to get I to quit , especially after I start painting wall instead of canvase , and Brian , he be always so concerned about they , tell I how my get into trouble be tear they up and stuff . so I always figure this be just he hyper gmart way of try to get I in ine . porter hesitates . porter where 's you brother now ? norah look at he as if the question surprise she , as if she think it be something he already know . a beat . she walk to the corner and grab the edge of a large desk . suddenly , she heave and it grind away from the wall . she stare at the floor in the corner . porter step over . there , paint onto the wood floor be the beginning of what might be a mural . norah i_ get the idea from this magazine . floor mural . it be sort of my way of make he admit that he do not really like my stuff , that he be just_trying to manipulate I . it be like , you like my shit , well , here you go ... she indicate the floor . porter nod , but he face say he do not quite get it . norah ( cont'd I be ground , everybody be go . and then he come home . caught I . he do not really get mad . he just look at it for a long time and then he walk out . so I be follow he scream , ' do not you like it ? be not I talented ? be not I great ? 's but he will not say anything . he just go straight to he car , this be like 10 o'clock at night , and as he 's back out he smile and shake he head and then , really calmly , he say ' do not worry - we will get it up before they get home . 's a long beat as she stare at the beginning of the painting , mesmerize . when she speak , she voice be on the edge of crack . 39 . norah ( cont 'd ) the weird thing be , there be no rain , no ice , no drunk driver . I mean , the car do not even look that bad . it look like something you could have walk away from . a beat , then she push the desk back into the corner . porter I be sorry . norah when we go to get he car there be all this floor fix stuff in the back . stripper , sander , varnish . I remember my parent and I , we all stare at it , and I keep wait for they to say something , to ask I something . I want they to . but they do not . they do not say a word . and then the next time I come in here - ( she pat the desk ) - this have be push into the corner . I mean , it 's not like they could not figure out what happen . I guess they just feel like word be not go to change it . porter start to say something when suddenly norah 's mother appear in the doorway . norah 's mom what be you do in here ? she sound more hurt than angry . norah do not miss a beat . when she answer the emotional waver be replace with upbeat confidence . norah I be just show porter some of Brian 's S award . he 's on the math team with I . norah 's mom step in . norah 's mom oh. do you know Brian ? porter um , no , mar ’am . not really . norah' mom oh. a awkward silence . they be all look at the desk . norah well , we have get some study to oo. 40 . norah push porter towards the door . her mom do not say anything . at the door norah look back . her mom be still just stare at the desk , transfix . norah turn to porter . norah ( cont 'd ) quiet ) you should go . I be sorry . do you have enough to work with ? porter I will figure it out . norah nod and turn back toward she mom . norah ( brightly ) hey mom , do you know where that olarship xotice be ? they want a picture and bio , but I do not have the address . as porter exit , norah 's mom finally look up , nod . int . porter' car / int . walter' office - split screen on the right half of the screen , porter get into he car and sit behind the wheel . on the leave half of the screen , walter sit behind he desk so that the tableaus almost match close on both they face as they fall into what almost look like identical pensive trances . they each begin to tap they chin with they index finger . the beaver ( v.o. ) this be a picture of walter Black , a hopelessly depressed individual . slowly match pull back on both until the beaver become visible in walter 's frame . the beaver ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) who become a beaver . then , suddenly , they both seem to wake at the same moment . when porter realize what he 's be do , he snap the rubber band on he wrist and start he car . when walter get with it , he turn to the beaver , nod . new angle show full screen on walter 's office and whip around to reveal the vp and other sit across the desk . 41 . they close they notepad and seem satisfied . the vp look at walter , nod back . begin montage : int . office - day employee be work , hustling . the beaver ( v.o . ) at work he reform foster a fresh level of focus and energy . int . cafeteria - lunch walter sit at a table with other employee . walter take a bite of he sandwich , then take another use the beaver . they chew in unison though the beaver 's bite simply fall in piece onto the table . the employee look at one another with uncertain expression . the beaver ( v.o. ) and for every person who point out that_he 's begin to feed lunch to he leave hand there 's another to remind they that production have already increase by 35 % . int . conference room - afternoon employee be gather around the table . at the head , only the beaver be visible , talk . the camera sink down to reveal walter under the table . the beaver ( v.o . for every person who worry that he 's begin to_conduct meeting from under the table , there 's another to point out that he 's come up with a exciting scenario for the action Jack line . at the end of that first two week , not one person resign . int . suburban - day meredith pull up outside the school . this time when Henry open the front door , several other kide open the rear door . they all get in together , talking , laughing . 42 . int . garage - day Henry and the other kid be all work on various wood project . the beaver ( v.o. ) thing be different at home too . suddenly , walter enter with the beaver . the kid drop what they be do | and flock to he . he acknowledge they all , but go out of he way to lavish attention on a smile Henry . int . porter' bedroom - evening porter read norah 's papers . he think . start write . int . garage - evening kid work around he , walter , eye he project , think , continue work . the beaver grip the hammer in he mouth . the beaver ( v.o. sd and eventually , what scme strange become common . pull back to reveal that they be work on a miniature desk for the beaver . int . kitchen Henry , meredith , and walter eat at the table . they be smile , laugh . the beaver ( v.o. ) what seem impossible become real . porter take a plate , but stop in the doorway , watch walter put food in the beaver 's mouth . disgust , he leave . int . porter' bedroom porter 's food sit on he desk , untouched . instead , he 's on he bed pounding he head into the dent . he take a moment , look into the hole . he can see crack in the wall go all the way out . he seem inspire by this , press on . 43 . int . school hallway - day close on porter subbing the knot on he head when hector walk up , excited . he hand porter a newspaper clipping . the headline : local minority win essay scholarship . hector hold out he fist for a bump . porter comply , but he 's already distract . the beaver ( v.o. ) until it become hard to remember how thing be before . norah and the cheer squad come by though now she 's the only one not in uniform . he smile . e smile . the squad giggle . porter open he locker as hector be still go on . his phone go off . he get a text : anorexia crowd thinks ur cute but need to drop few lbs he smile . int . office - sewing department - day walter work with a woman at she machine . she hold fabric up to the beaver , take measurement . int . walter' office - day on tor of walter 's desk , there 's now a identical , smaller desk for the beaver . the way it 's set up , you can not see walter 's arm . just two ceo 's at identical desk and now in identical suit . int . kitchen - night walter and meredith be drink wine by candlelight . the beaver ( v.o. 2 walter have not just make a fresh start with himself - the beaver be talk . she 's laughing . the beaver ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) - but with the people he love . a long quiet beat . she smile . hold on she smile , then ... 44 , int . bedroom - night walter and meredith be kiss - the beaver undoe the button on she blouse . she look nervous . the beaver ( v.o. ) when they kiss it 's like the first time . like it 's all brand new . close on she face as walter kiss she neck and then move down . she look arouse . then surprised . then she close she eye , slam a pillow over she face and scream into it . int . bedroom - later meredith lay in bed look toward the bathroom . new angle show walter 's silhouette in the shower . he soap he own head , then the beaver 's , as we have see before . the beaver ( v.o. ) like they be different people all together . angle on meredith , she smile crack into a look of mild concern . int . conference room employee around the table . the beaver talk . they all nod . new angle reveal conference call equipment on the table . the beaver ( v.o . ) at work , they decide to schedule he meeting with outsider as conference call . it be not that they be not behind he , they just be not sure they can explain what they be see . int . foyer - evening meredith open the door revealing parent of one of the kid . they start to come in , but she step in front of they , close the door a fraction . she hold up a finger . the beaver ( v.o. ) and meredith start to feel the same way . meredith summon one of the kid who 's play with the beaver in the background . when he get to the door she open up just enough to let he out . 45 . off the Parents confuse expression ... int . garage Henry work hard as the other kid play . the beaver ( v.o. ) even Henry begin to worry she . his interest in woodwork start to seem more and more like a obsession . int . garage - later Henry continue work hard , now all alone . int . live room next to the original coffee table , be a second , identical coffee table . ext . yard a enormous bird house be swarm by bird . int . kitchen meredith look at a long list of various type of wood . the beaver ( v.o . ) his birthday wishlist contain nothing but wood . int . bedroom - night walter lay in bed , face down . meredith roll over , blink awake . she find herself stare into the large , wide open , plastic eye of the beaver . end montage : int . bookstore coffee shop - day meredith be surround by the soccer mom . meredith have any of you ever try ... role play ? soccer mom 1 Jim try to dress I up like a secretary once . ( more ) 46 . soccer mom 1 ( cont 'd ) but then he just start screwing he real secretary and I get the house . ann , the Alpha mom in the bunch weigh in . ann ; ; it 's not healthy . dress up like a cheerleader do not solve anything , it just cover up the fact that something be seriously wrong underneath . no one want to follow that . Ann look at meredith . ann ( cont 'd ) why ? be you see someone ? all the head turn . meredith well ... actually , walter and I have be ... work on thing . the other lady look surprised . Ann look disappointed . ann and how 's that affect the kid ? meredith well , Henry 's do great . mostly . and porter , I do not know . he 's a teenager . the other lady nod in understanding . ann so you and walter , you be try some sort of role play therapy ? meredith well , mostly walter . soccer mom 2 and be it better ... I mean ... you know , in bed . meredith well ... yeah . I mean , that 's good , but it 's not really about that . I do not know . this intrigue the other , but Ann cut they off . ann well , just be careful . people do not put on a disguise unless they have get something to hide . this seem to land for meredith . she sip she drink . 47 . int . bedroom - night meredith be lie next to walter , the beaver on the pillow between they . meredith do you talk to Dr. macy today ? the beaver indeed . say we be come along brilliantly . meredith that 's great . do he give you any sort of , you know , like a timeline ? for when the treatment might be over ? walter roll away toward he night stand and grab a small eye shield . he place it over the beaver 's eye . the beaver nothing specific . meredith but do you think , like a week ? a month ? he flip out the light . in the dark . the beaver it 's a process , love . when the time be right , we will know . walter flip over , bury he face in the pillow . meredith be leave stare at the beaver . int . bedroom - late night meredith wake with a start . she hear soft banging . she get out of bed . int . garage - late night meredith open the door to the garage revealing Henry , work away on a project . she shake she head . int . bedroom - late night meredith return , flip on the light . meredith walter . walter , wake up . walter rouse , pull the mask off the beaver 's eye . 48 . the beaver what 's wrong , love ? meredith you need to talk to Henry . he 's down in the garage again . the beaver well , tell he to come to bed . meredith I have tell he , walter . I tell he everyday . he pay no attention to I . he need to hear it from , you know ... ( indicate the beaver ) you . int . garage - late night walter come out in he pajamas , walk over to Henry , look over he shoulder . Henry look up at walter and the beaver . henry you could not sleep either ? the beaver actually , mate , I be sleep quite well . you know you can not be out here this late . henry I just have this idea . it 's gonna be really great . the beaver well , let 's have it be great in the morning , yeah ? henry dust ten more minute , please . just let I finish this last set of cut . the beaver consider this . the beaver I let you have ten more minute , you have to promise , no more work when you mother 's ask you , not to . not at night . not uring breakfast . no bring you tool to the dentist . agreed ? walter put forward the beaver 's paw . Henry shake it . henry agreed . 49 . walter start to go . henry ( cont 'd ) will you stay ? I like work with you around . walter stop . the beaver sure . Henry smile , go back to work . walter watch he for a moment . he turn to a table and grab he own piece of wood . walter and the beaver begin to noodle on the wood . a chip here , chisel there . henry will you talk to I ? I like it when you talk . the beaver what would you like to talk about ? henry do not matter . just talk . walter continue to work away . the beaver , ; very well . you be quite easily entertained , be not you ? suddenly walter freeze . he look at Henry - there might as well be a giant light bulb over walter 's head . walter turn back to he block of wood with a feverish energy . a beat . henry you be not talk . int . bedroom - late night walter come racing into the room , head straight for the closet . meredith sit up in bed . meredith do you talk to he ? walter come out of the closet in the midst of change into a suit . he head into the bathroom . meredith ( cont 'd ) walter ? 50 . the beaver huh ? oh. yes . we have a good chat . he will stick to the schedule . meredith what be you do ? walter come out , mostly dress , a tie loosely sling around he neck . he wrestle into some shoe . the beaver I have have a breakthrough , love . I have get to get to work . meredith now ? the beaver not a moment to spare . he start for the door , then pause . he come back to bed to kiss she goodbye . but this time walter stand back and only kiss she cheek with the beaver . and then he 's go . meredith look after he with heavy concern . int . office - morning walter work feverishly at a workstation . the vp be the first one in . he spot walter . the vp Sir ? you be in early . walter look up . he raise the beaver . the beaver ah ! just the man I be hope to see . come over , mate . we be goin to need to get go on this seight away . the vp take a seat next to walter . walter hand he the piece of wood he be work on . it 's be rough out into the crude likeness of a beaver . the vp look at it . he 's not sure what it mean . the vp it 's ... a beaver ? the beaver it 's the future . it only occur to I last night that I have be focus group testing it for week . ( more 51 . the beaver ( cont 'd ) this be what we have be look for . the vp look at the crude block again . the vp this ? the beaver direct he attention to the monitor . angle on the monitor where we see various schematics for a beaver toy with a toolkit . the beaver it 's a talk beaver woodwork set . you get the basic tool , a block of wood , and a talk beaver to work along side you . the vp look it over . the beaver ( cont 'd ) you should see the kid mate . they go crazy for the stuff . theyre into the video game and cell hone sure , but you give they a ammer , a see and a block of wood , I be tell ou , it come natural . and as for the beaver , I do not want to brag , but there 's not a one of they who would not take I home if they could . the vp | so ... you be talk about a new product line ? for what , Christmas ? the beaver Christmas ? I be talk about right now . today . this morning . the vp but that 's impossible . you say yourself , the only way we can get the new Jack and Stephanie line ready be by - the beaver forget Jack and Stephanie . this be it , right here . the vp but sir - the beaver action Jack and princess Stephanie can only hope to take we where we have be . this have the potential to open up a whole new world of opportunity . I be as sure of it as I have ever be of anything . 52 . the vp look at the beaver , then back at the screen . the vp I guess there could be a ancillary market in more tool . maybe precut lumber piece . sort of like Lego kit , but make of wood and you work they into shape on you own . walter look excited . the beaver muss the vp 's hair . the beaver exactly ! now you be talk ! the vp but this would mean ... I mean , if we could even get one ready , this be all we would have for the expo . the beaver this be all we will need . int . conference room - day the beaver be at the head of the table sit behind he little desk , but this time it 's the vp who do the talk . he point to a clean up version of the beaver kit schematic and a chart . the vp replicating the beaver as a core item along with endless project kit would seem to have great appeal and take a conservative view of the Lego model 's number , we be talk about a exponential return . the staff look around . they be intrigue , but unsure . the vp ( cont'd it 's risky , no doubt , and if we come up short with the beaver we go to_ the expo empty hand , which , in all_likelihood , would result in 'a failure to remain solvent . no one like this . the beaver speak up . the beaver Friends , this be we future . do we want to continue do the thing that have previously result in we minor success and hope that they be enough to survive , or do we break with ' the past and embrace something new , something different , something better . ( more ) 53 . the beaver ( cont 'd ) the question be not whether or not this can work , the question be whether or not we be bold enough to take it on . everyone look around , think , consider , decide . a long beat , then ... quick cut : printer spew copy of the beaver schematics . monitor show diagram of the toolbox be manipulate . worker measure the beaver himself to get dimension . the beaver nod toward the vp . the vp nod back and then look around as people hustle about . he look proud . int . library - day porter be sit across from a panic stricken hector . porter what the fuck do I always say hector ? read it before you turn it in . it be about you own family for God 's sake . hector I just figure since it be personal there could not be no test question on it . it 's you fault . if it have not be so good it win that award , would not be no big ea porter you own dad turn you in ? hector my grandma , she be so proud , she be talk to I about all this stuff you write , stuff about she and my grandad , back in the war , and then all of a sudden she could just tell I do not know nothing about what she be say . and she just start cry . so my dad , he call the principa say he do not want I to get the’ scholarship . want it to go to someone who really respects they family history . porter look , hector , this be you problem , you understand . my name stay out of it . 54 . hector man , they be already talk about expulsion if I do not tell they where it come from . porter tell they you buy it off the internet . hector it 's a personal essay about my family . you can not just get that on the internet . porter consider this for a second . porter okay . I x11 make a dummy website . Paper write for hire . you give they the web address , tell they you send you money in , get you paper back , that 's all you know . they can look all they want , it will not come back to I . hector I do not know man . I feel like shit as it be . if you have see my grandma - porter look ! I be sorry you do not read we own essay , ut give I I up be not go to change tha trust you and you break the rule , so I be count on you to do the right thing here . porter see norah come in . porter ( cont 'd ) I gotta go . i’1ll send you the fake site address by tomorrow . okay ? porter stand to leave . hector do not say anything . porter ( cont 'd ) okay ? hector yeah . okay . porter move quickly over to norah . she smile as he near . porter hey . norah hey. 55 . porter be you coach upset ? norah he just tell I not to miss anymore workout . he think you be a bad influence . porter I tell you you do not have to give I a ride . norah do not worry about it . I want to . porter so ... um , be you busy tonight ? norah be you about to ask I out ? porter I be not sure . my plan be to get a feel for the situation . if it seem like you be not into it , I be just go to say that I have work up a beginning for the speech and that we should g together and make sure you sef ink I be on the right track . norah and if it seem like I be into it ? porter actually , just kind of discount that possibi ity . I think I be go to casually ask you if you want to do something withou make it sound like I would be up all night plan something elaborate . norah have you be plan something elaborate ? porter I have like map and stuff . she smile . norah you can pick I up at 7 . I have to be home '' 12 . and I do want to see what you have of the speech . porter ( surprised um..okay . it 's a date . 56 . coyly , as she go ... norah we will see . int . walter 's bathroom / porter 's bathroom - intercut quick cut of walter and porter get ready . they both carefully comb they hair . porter select from several T shirt . walter button a very nice shirt . porter pull on jeans . walter slide into very nice pants . porter check he face in the mirror , smile . porter ( to himself ) please , do not fuck this up . CUT to : int . walter' bathroom walter check the beaver in the mirror , show its big grin . he turn the beaver towards himself . the beaver just let I lead , we ’1ll be fine . int . walter' bedroom walter emerge from the bathroom pull on a sharp suit jacket . the beaver almost ready , love ? reservation be for eight and I still need to slip on my suit . meredith emerge from the sloset in a stun dress . the beaver ( cont 'd ) bloody hell , woman . look at you . she grin , walk toward he . meredith you look pretty good yourself . 57 . the beaver oh , you have not see anything yet . the girl whipped up something special for I . we be talk full on tux , love . just give I a minute to pop it on and we be off . meredith realize that walter be talk about dress the beaver . her face lose some spark . a hesitant beat . as he start for the closet she stop he . meredith walter , come on . I mean , it 's we 20th anniversary . the beaver of course dear . that 's why I think a tux be appropriate . meredith no , I mean , maybe this would be a good time to try . you_know , ringing the other walter back . the beaver oh , dear , I do not think that 's a good idea . the doctor say very - meredith turn serious . meredith I do not want to celebrate 20 year of marriage with a puppet . I be sorry , I have be very patient , very supportive . be it so much to ask that you give I one night ? walter consider this . he sigh . the beaver compromise ? int . classy restaurant - evening walter and meredith step in . we see that he still have the beaver on he hand , but its not dress , and not hold up . when the hostess look up at bam , walter look nervous , unsure . then , with he own voice . walter Black . Party of two . int . porter be car - evening porter be drive as norah read some page . 58 . norah this be amazing . really . my parent be go to flip . beat ) I do not deserve credit for something like this . I be just gonna tell people you write it . porter trust I , as long as I get a diploma and get out of here , the credit be all yours . she look at he . norah you know , if I be leave the west coast for rhode Island I do not think I have be in such a hurry . porter you clearly have not meet my family . it 's gonna be hard enough to make it 10 more week without put my head through a wall . norah what do they ... beat you ? porter yes . with stuff animal and handmade furniture . norah what ? porter nothing . he suddenly pull the car to stop . he back up turn so that the car be leave face the street . he turn off the engine . porter ( cont 'd ) well . here we be . norah look around . it 's not a great part of town . the road be pot-hol , empty , dark . thereé 's a freeway on -ramp in the distance . other than urban decay , not much to see . norah well , look , I appreciate you confidence , but usually if you be go to ' park 's with a girl , you want to find a view with more star and less homeless . he twist the rear view mirror so that she can see behind they . it 's the side of a abandon hospital building . 59 . norah ( cont 'd ) mmmm . still not do it for I . CUT to : ext . porter' car norah beside he , porter open the trunk revealing a nest of various spray and regular paint . porter ( nervous ) ta-da . norah just stare at they blankly . porter ( cont 'd ) the neighborhood really be not as bad as it look . accord to the web there be less that two murder per square mile here last ear . and this place get close for angerous level of asbestos , so it 's not like anyone be go to bother we . she 's still just look at he . he pull out some of the paint . porter ( cont 'd ) the guy in the store be a little suspicious so I have to get some color that do not seem , like , vandalism related . can you do graffiti in Robin 's Egg ? a long beat . finally ... norah porter , this be sweet and all , but , really , I tell you , I be not really into any of this , it be just a stupid thing I do to get attention . porter sure . i_know . it just seem like you really have talent . I hate to see you give it up just because - porter suddenly realize there 's no good way to finish that sentence . norah ( almost dare he to finish ) just because ? 60 . porter because , you get in trouble once . norah so this be you elaborate plan ? to take I out to vandalize a building that 's empty because it cause cancer ? porter it sound less romantic when you say it that way . norah and what do you think we would paint ? norah porter 4ever ? porter I do not know . what be you start to paint on you brother 's floor ? norah 's face go cold . a beat , and then she walk away , get in the car , close the door . porter stand there a moment hold can of spray paint . int . porter be car - continuous porter slowly open and then get into the driver 's side . they sit in silence for a moment . norah you know , I do not need you to like , fix I , okay ? porter I be not try , I swear . I just , I want to do something you would remember . norah I think you have rather I forget this . porter look , I know I be not exactly yo you t e , so I figure that my be shot be to just try to be really different . norah porter , you best shot be to be yourself porter now , see , that just show that you do not really know I . 61 . norah I mean , it be a nice think , I ess , but it 's ... too much . you now ? just stop try so hard . you be already in . porter look up , then over at she . a beat as he digest this . porter I be ? she nod , then start to lean in ever so slightly . he hesitates . be this what it seem like ? norah ( read he mind ) yes . this be where you kiss I . he nod slightly , move in , kiss she . they wrap they arm around one another . he begin to rub she back . as he do , he right hand drift up towards she hair , and then , slowly , unconsciously , he begin to spin a lock of it around he index finger . suddenly , he eye pop wide open and he jerk away as if he 's be shocked . norah ( cont 'd ) what ? what ? porter that thing . that thing I just do . norah what do you do ? porter with you hair ! he angrily hit himself in the head a few time . as he oes ... porter ( cont 'd ) that 's new . that 's a new one . norah porter ? porter , you be kinda freaking I out . porter put he head in he hand . porter that 's 58 . norah what be you talk about ? he look like he want to explain , but can not find the word . 62 . norah be totally lose . her face say she 's decide this be all a big mistake . she 's about to say so when she phone ring . she look at it , pick it up . norah ( cont 'd ) ( bright ) hey mom . disgust with himself , porter get out of the car , walk away . norah make a motion like ' where be you go 's but he 's go . she stay on the phone . norah ( cont 'd ) no , we be still study . just get back to the library . um , okay . I guess . actually , we might ack early . yeah . we do not have as much to go over as I think . okay . yeah , I x11 call you . Love you . bye . norah hang up . she sigh . she take a long beat decide what she want to do next . ext . porter be car - continuous norah open she door get out . when she turn she see porter stand by the side of the building . in Robin 's Egg he 's write : for a awkward time call porter black she can not help but smile . she walk toward he . they both stare at the wall . norah I know you be new at this , but you usually want to avoid use you full name . a beat . porter I be sorry . norah what be that back there ? porter shake he head . he look at the rubber band on he wrist . toy with it . porter how may little way do you think two thing can be alike before you have to start worry about the big one ? she have no idea what to say to this . he turn to she . 63 . porter ( cont'd this be like , the worst first date ever , be not it ? norah yes . she take the spray can out of he hand . norah ( cont 'd ) so far . she walk up and start to paint out he name . norah ( cont 'd ) we be go to cover this up , and then you " be go to buy I something to eat in part of town where no one be murder this week and then I 'il get back to you . deal ? porter be about to answer when suddenly a spotlight hit they . they turn to see a police car idling in the street . a long beat , then ... the police car flip on its red and blue light . int . classy restaurant walter and meredith be eat . it 's silent . awkward . walter keep the beaver in he lap . he look nervous . the waiter step over . waiter how be everything ? walter look at meredith . he nod . meredith excellent . thanks . ( beat ) you know , now might be a good time for the ... waiter yes mar ’am . the waiter depart . meredith smile at walter . silence . meredith I be listen to the radio . apparently it 's suppose to_be really hot this weekend . well , not really hot , but hot . above average . 64 . walter nod . they have be reduce to talk about the weather . meredith ( cont 'd ) how 's work ? be you make the schedule ? walter it 's good . ( beat ) busy . now meredith nod . walter 's face say he 's try . he do not look depressed . more deer in the headlight . silence . the waiter return and place a wrap gift on the table . meredith thank you . she push it across to walter . meredith ( cont 'd ) go ahead . he reach out to unwrap it , use he free hand and the beaver . Inside be a memory box , similar to the first one we see , but significantly more ornate . walter it 's very nice . thank you . meredith Henry help I . which mean , I buy the wood and Henry make it . ( beat look ' inside . he open the box . it 's full of old photo . angle on the photo . they be all shot walter and meredith in young , happier time . meredith ( cont 'd ) I be took through some thing . I just think ... it 's important to remind ourselves , you know , how it be . how it should be . he flip through . Shots of they smile , laugh , hold baby . Shots of they in Halloween costume , at Christmas party , on vacation . him with she on he shoulder . as he look , walter start to tear up and cry . for a moment , it 's just a quiet sentimental weep . but it quickly expands into a more hiccupy - breakdown - sob . other diner stare . 65 . meredith ( cont 'd ) walter . walter , it 's okay . hon , look at I . walter . but he 's inconsolable . he just keep stare at the last photo , she on he shoulder , both of they laugh . he 's work up a solid cry now . everyone be stare . suddenly ... he raise the beaver . just the act of do so help he choke back the tear . he let it take over . the beaver be this what you want ? be this progress ? Christ , woman , he 's ffering from dé ression , not amnesia . you think the problem be that he just do not remember this thing ? remember have nothing to do with it . he can remember what it be like to play little league . that do not mean he can go sign up for a team ! the sight of the beaver have the other diner really lock in . meredith be mortify . the beaver ( cont 'd ) he can not go back . do not you see that ? this be all in the past , and dredge it up ... we all know " where this lead . we know where walter oes . you want the rest of you ife to be like tonight ? that 's walter . that 's the best he can do . he 's not go back to that . suddenly she do not care who 's watch . meredith what do that mean ? her cell phone be ringing on the table . the beaver it mean we have turn over a new leaf . we have get a fresh start . we - she 's not plan to answer , but when she see the name , she pick up immediately . meredith porter ? CUT to : 66 . int . police station porter and norah sit in chair against a wall . she 's crying . he try to console she . she jerk away . new angle reveal norah 's mom and dad march up to they . they stare down at norah norah 's dad I do not even know what to say . I would hope we be past this sort of thing . he do not sound upset , but numb . but , for norah , this be worse . a long beat . porter Sir , this be a big misunderstanding . it be completely my — norah' dad let 's go . norah get / bpr walk away with they . porter keep watch , hope she will at least look back , but she do not . porter norah . norah , I be sorry . norah 's mom give he a glare , but norah never turn . as norah 's family near the front , walter and meredith come in . porter can not hear , but he see walter raise the beaver and start talk to the sergeant at the front . norah 's dad overhear this . he stop , ask a question . then the beaver and norah 's father get into a conversation with walter point in porter 's direction . norah 's father look at walter like he 's crazy . he start to walk away . norah and porter 's eye finally meet . her look be not sympathetic . it 's like she do not even know he . and then she 's go . porter drop he head , begin to pound it against the cinder block wall . as he go in 's for another shot ... match CUT to : int . porter' bedroom porter pound he head into he own wall . 67 . ext . porter' bedroom we hear the thud as the stucco break away . porter 's actually break out . through a tiny hole , we can actually see in . suddenly he eye appear in the hole , look out . push in on the hole as he eye disappear and then he head come back for another blow , cause more stuccos to break loose and the hole to widen ever so slightly . another blow and then suddenly he head disappear follow by the faint sound of he collapse , unconscious . we hold on the hole , look into the room from outside . fade to black . int . suburban - afternoon meredith wait outside the school . Henry open he door leap in . but when the back door open meredith stop the other kid cold . meredith sorry guy . not today . not this week . they stop mid entry , back out , close the door , she look at Henry . he do not seem to have notice any of it . int . garage Henry be work . meredith open the door . a moment as she consider thing . meredith that 's enough for today . henry but , mom , I just get start . meredith no more . he think about protest , but give up . he put he stuff down , walk inside . the way he move , quiet , uncare , he 's instantly back to be the old Henry . meredith look distraught . int . kitchen meredith be on the phone . 68 . meredith Dr. macy ? it 's meredith Black . int . school hallway - day porter be at he locker . hector walk up . hector look man , we have to talk . porter see norah come . she 's back in she cheer outfit . porter you get the website , right ? hector yeah , man , but you do not understand . my grandma , she 's all - porter close he locker , start toward norah . __. porter just stick to the story , you will be fine . he take off . hector throw he hand up in frustration . porter catch up to norah . porter ( cont 'd ) hey . norah ( cold ) hey . porter reach into he bag . porter I , uh , finish the speech . a draft anyway . I can always make change . she stop , take it . no : ( flat ) thank you . I be sure it 's great . she look at he as if she 's not sure why he 's still there . norah ( cont 'd ) I do not actually have any cash on I , but if you can wait until tomorrow ... he look insulted , confuse . 69 . porter look , norah , I be so sorry . I do not know if he tell you but I call and explain everything to you father and - she look around . look at porter . norah yes . that 's fine . do not worry about it . porter so , we be okay . norah ( still flat ) we be fine . orter well , maybe we could - norah look , we be just on very different path , okay ? in a couple month we will be on opposite side of the country anyway , so let 's just stop now while it 's easy . porter that actually sound harder than just , you know , see what appen . norah no , porter , you know what be hard ? see my parent face like that . go back to that house . bring all that stuff back up , and for what ? porter norah , listen - norah I have to go . she see some other squad girl and join up with they , blend in , disappear . int . kitchen walter enter from the garage . meredith be wait at the table . his original card be the only thing in front of she . the beaver hello , Love . meredith do not say anything . she just stare at he . 70 . the beaver ( cont 'd ) what 's the trouble ? she look at the card . meredith I talk to Dr. macy , walter . the beaver oh ? meredith walter , he say you have not be there in almost a year . the beaver well ... that 's ... I - she pick up the card . / meredith : what be this ? what be you do ? walter say nothing . meredith ( cont 'd ) Dr. macy say you ’‘re sick , walter . very sick . he say that this sound like some kind of mania . he say - — the beaver Dr. macy , Dr. macy . who give a damn what Dr. macy say ? why do not we go down to the office and see what they sa meredith ? let 's see if they think 's we be sick , yeah ? or let 's see if they think maybe walter be better than he 's ever be . let 's ask Henry what he think . let 's ask Henry if he feel better about himself when I be around , if he 's make any new friend , if he 's happier since I show up . ask yourself , meredith . ask yourself if you can remember how thing be . see if you can remember the person you throw out of here and then tell we why your so worried about get he back . meredith so what be you say , walter , you just want to live like this orever ? walk around with a beaver puppet on you hand ? the beaver what would be so wrong with that ? I would say it 's be a pretty smash success so far . 71 . meredith be stunne . she just shake she head . meredith walter , you need help . 1 hel have tp Eve bod : help , help , help . everybo want he to gee help '' see the ex ert . read the book . take the pill . well , walter finally help himself . you understand ? that 's what I be here for . he do not need anyone else . meredith walter , listen to yourself ! this be insane ! you be talk about a fuck puppet ! the beaver no ou be talk about a puppet . we be talk about a success ! she look at he , heartbroken . meredith who be ' we 's walter ? off he look ... int . bathroom walter splashes water on he face with he free hand . he stand up and look himself in the mirror . slowly , he raise he leave hand until he and the beaver be both stare into the mirror . the beaver I know it 's hard , mate , but you can not let yourself get mix up . you have do what you need to . you have put the past behind you . you be move on , and we be do goot she 's the one who 's get to et go . and if she can not then ... you have get to let she go . walter look troubled by this suggestion . the beaver ( cont 'd ) I know , I know , but trust I , it 's for the best . what we talk about , blow it up , start fresh , a clean slate , well this be what it take . anything less and we be back on the road to that hotel room . be that what you want ? walter shake he head . 72 . the beaver ( cont 'd ) you be free , mate . you have break out . all you have to do now be keep move . keep move and never look back . if it 's mean to be , they 's 11l follow . but that 's up to they . it 's out of we hand . walter stare at the beaver for a long beat . finally , he make the slight of nod . int . walter' bedroom walter step in . meredith be sit on the bed . she look up . the beaver understand that we love you more than anything . but you be the one who need help . this notion of what use to be , it poison everything , and until you realize that and let it go , it 's just go to continue to make you miserable . we have put it behind we and we be not look back . we hope you can do the same . but make no mistake . I be not go anywhere . meredith stare at he . silence . she get up y slowly walk over , look into walter 's eye . she kiss he on the cheek . CUT to : int . live room walter sit stoically , the beaver raise beside he . CUT to : int . walter' bedroom meredith pack clothes into a suitcase . when she move the suitcase she see the memory box . she look at it for a moment . then she drop it in the trash . CUT to : int . porter' bedroom porter sweep book into a box . he pause over the notebook label journal of similarity we see in the beginning . new angle show the list now number in the low 60' . 73 . he toss the notebook into the box . as he 's about to go , he stop , go to he wall . he yank down the poster he use to cover he hole . he put it in the trash , leave the hole expose . CUT to : int . garage Henry be load piece of wood into the back of the suburban when he mother come out with bag . she look at he . he look at she . she can not bear to tell he no . porter come out , toss he thing in . without a word he get in the passenger seat , put on he belt . he 's ready . as meredith and Henry be finish up walter step into the garage . he stand by the door . Henry rush over to he . henry why be not you come with we ? the beaver another time , mate . another time . henry but I want to stay with you . walter and meredith exchange glance . this word clearly break she heart . the beaver you go with you mum , we will get it all sort , yeah ? you will see , everything 's will be good again real soon . meredith Henry . it 's time to go . he turn and walk to the car , the same distant , emotionless walk he 's show we before . meredith get in . Henry climb in . she start the car . then , just as she 's about to back out , Henry leap out , run to walter . he throw himself around he , tear streaking down he face . henry I love you , dad . this hit walter someplace deep . he 's move to the verge of tear himself . he have to swallow hard to get word out , and when he do , the accent be shaky . still , it 's the beaver who do the talk . 74 . the beaver I love you too , mate . I love you too . finally , Henry release he . the beaver reach down , muss Henry 's hair . Henry turn , run back to the car . once he 's in , meredith put it in gear . she pause a second , she and walter share a final glance . her expression say she can not believe he 's really just watch they go . it 's a plead glance . but then , like that , it harden . he want she to let go of the past , that 's exactly what she 's about to do . she turn around , watch the driveway as she back out . the suburban hit the street , turn , and it 's go . as soon as it clear frame , the garage door start to come down . walter watch it until it noisily close . then , silence . CUT to : int . kitchen walter look at the dining room table , empty except for he original card . CUT to : int . henry 's room walter stand look at all the project , both finish and abandon . everything be make of wood . there be coffee table stack three high . rocking chair . the very beginning of what might have become a boat hull . he pick up a small item near the wall . it 's a beaver figure , like the one walter rough out and take to work , but much more polished , refine . CUT to : int . walter' bedroom walter stare at the memory box in the trash , the picture spilling out . he can see the top of the one with meredith on he shoulder . CUT to : 75 . int . porter' bedroom walter stare at the hole in the wall . ext . porter' bedroom from outside , we look through the hole and see walter stare back at we . as we start to pull back he walk closer until it look like he ’1ll lean down and put he face to the hole . instead , he reach porter 's bed and simply fall onto it . as he disappear from frame we be leave look into porter 's empty room until the camera pull back and the hole become just a pinprick of light in the wall . and then the light go out . fade to black . ext . big BOX store a reporter be on mic , a small queue of people in line to enter the store behind she . reporter Christmas in ... May ? that 's what some retailer be call it with Mr. beaver woodchopper kit sell out in number that remind many of the tickle I elmo phenomenon . davyco , the company behind Mr. beaver say they be do all they can to keep pace with demand , but admit there have be shortage . interestingly , you may recall that davyco , which have earlier success with 90' fad action Jack and princess Stephanie , lose its founder and ceo davy conyer ina highly publicize restaurant choke incident while in the company of a pay escort and since then the company have be in steep decline , hover on the verge of bankruptcy earlier this year . but thanks to Mr. beaver , it look like that will not be happen anytime soon . int . walter' office - evening walter flip off the tv as the report end . he turn to the vp who 's sit across from he hold a snifter of brandy . 76 . they voice indicate that they be a bit on the tipsy side . the vp it 's like a hundred million dollar ad campaign for free . they both laugh . the vp take a sip of he brandy . we see that walter also have a snifter . it have two straw . he put one to he lip , one to the beaver , and drink . the vp shift in he seat . the vp ( cont 'd ) speak of , we have be get a lot of media request for you . we have be decline obviously , but if we set up a big conference call we could milk the ser a little without really expose too much . the beaver Conference call ? do not be ridiculous , mate . who 's the biggest request we have have ? the vp . I do not know . all the morning show . CNN . cnbc . the beaver today show then . set it up . the vp Sir , the today show be ... on television . the beaver why be you act like we have get something to hide , mate ? the case be just the opposite . we have get a story , not just about the rebirth of a company , but of a man . that 's a powerful tale and we should be look to tell it wherever they x11 listen . the vp it 's just hard to predict how people be go to ... react . the beaver how do you react ? the vp well , I be pretty shocked at first . 77 . the beaver of course you be . but I have convinced you it 's for the best , have I not ? and the rest of the gtatt ? how many people have we os the vp none . the beaver so what make you think I can not convince they ? the vp think this over . the V ! it would certainly be a story . the beaver damn right . and who better to tell it ? the vp nod . he 's come around on this . a beat . the vp I have to tell you , in the beginning , I think a lot of we think this be the beginning of the end . they laugh . the vp ( cont 'd ) I do not know how you do it , but - he raise he glass . walter reciprocate . clink . the vp ( cont 'd ) I be damn glad you do , and frankly , proud to have be part of it . they both take a drink . a quiet stillness settles . they regard one another for a moment . then ... the beaver I be go to tell you something . something I have not tell anyone else . but it 's something that I think you be ready to hear . the vp look honore to be entrust . the vp okay . the beaver the truth be ... I be not a puppet . the vp smile , wait for the punch line . the beaver ( cont 'd ) I be afraid I be quite serious , mate . I be as real as you or walter . the vp be struggle , still hope this be a joke . he feel obligate to say something . the vp I ... do not understand . the beaver well , dmagine siamese twin , but instead of be cut apart , we have be put back together . you see ? we be a part of a system , something that 's fully integrate , share . he 's part of I and I be literally a part of he . we make one another whole . and now that that 's happen , now that we have be join , we could not be separate if we want to . the vp have give up wait for the other shoe . he just look uncomfortable . the vp I see . the beaver I understand , believe I , it 's hard to swallow . neither of we have the slight clue how it happen . it would appear that when I breathe life into he , he breathe life into I . I suppose I just want you to know it 's not a act , it 's not a gimmick , it 's not a stunt . I be real , alive , fuse . and that 's not go to change . it 's not go to be undone . the vp nod . the vp okay . a long beat . the beaver you do not believe I . the vp it 's not that , sir , it 's just very ... strange . I be sure you believe - the beaver pull I off . 79 . the vp Excuse I ? the beaver come up here and pull I off of walter 's hand . the vp that 's really not necessary , sir . if you say - the beaver come up here and pull I off he goddamn hand . the vp sit stunne for a moment . finally , he put down he snifter , move to the desk . he 's strike by the size of walter 's bulg leave forearm . he look at walter for a beat , then put he hand on the beaver . he make the faintest 's of tug motion . the beaver ( cont 'd ) oh come on . pull . the vp sigh . this time he pull a little harder . the beaver do not budge . the beaver ( cont 'd ) come on dammit ! stop be a pussy ! pull ! now this be get on the vp 's nerve . this time he yank . still nothing . the beaver ( cont 'd ) that 's the way . come on ! suddenly , the vp want to prove to walter that he 's delusional . he really get into it . he lean back , he grunt . nothing . he change he grip , put a foot on the desk to brace himself . he strain . the vp ( as_he pull ) Jesus . what do you , glue this thing ? the beaver ( calm ) not a glue on Earth that can do this , mate . that 's what I have be tell you . the vp manage to pull walter a few inch out of he chair , but the beaver do not move at all . 80 . now he 's frustrated , maybe a little creepe out . he begin to grab the beaver every which way as he struggle to pull it off like a dog with a sock in its mouth . the beaver ( cont 'd ) hey ! hey , not my nose , dammit ! let go of my arm you asshole ! finally , when he 's apply all he effort , something let go and the 'v p fly backward across the offi¢e and into the wall where he collapse . he look at he hand . nothing but a couple tiny tuft of you . he look across the office . there 's walter and the beaver , as connect as ever . he have not move it a fraction . the vp have no idea what to think . he 's simply dumbfounded . walter get up from behind the desk , walk over to he . he extend he right hand , help the ve up . a awkward silence when the three of they be face to face . the beaver ( cont 'd ) you okay to drive ? the vp ( beat ) yes sir . the beaver good . the vp nod . he turn to go . the beaver foona id ) D ) do not forget mate . today show . set it up . the vp hesitates . he nod again . and he 's go . when he 's alone , walter and the beaver slowly turn , face each other . off they stare down . int . school cafeteria - lunch porter slide next to norah as she 's select food . porter hey . we need to talk . norah now 's not a good time . 81 . porter yeah , well , I have call , texted , im have , and it never seem to be a good time . norah maybe you should take that as a hint . as she walk away towards the register ... she stop . she head porter I read a article about you brother . turn . wait . porter ( cont 'd ) he really be a amazing guy . norah that 's what you want to tell I ? porter you say you have be head to Stanford forever . you_never say that 's where he be plan on go too . norah so we be go to the same school . Big deal . porter please . the same school . the same class . the same club . if they would let you on the football team you have have identical transcript . for the register again . he follow . porter ( cont 'd ) look , I understand that you feel a certain ... responsibility , for what happen . but it 's not you job to replace he . as she 's pay ... norah you do not have a fuck clue what you be talk about . porter all I be say be if you do not want to see I , you do not want to talk to I , that 's fine . but do it because that 's really what you want to do , not because you think it 's what you be suppose to do . 82 . norah where do you get this idea that I be not do what I want ? porter oh come on . one day you be this rebel painter and then you brother die and suddenly you be make a beeline for valedictorian and Stanford ? norah it 's call grow up . you should try it . she take she food , walk away . he fall right into step . porter it 's call denial , norah . you_ guy keep he room hermetically seal while you build a carbon copy right next door . you feel guilty so you drop you own life and try to take over he . and as _long as you never step out of the footprint , everyone get to go on pretend it never happen . but you meet somebody and you threaten to live you own life , even for a second , and you freak out . I be sorry about what happen . I do not know how many more way I can say that , but I be not you problem , norah . you problem be that you have no idea who you really be , and you do not seem the least bit interested in find out . you can take all he class , and give he speech , and go get he degree if you want , but sooner or later you and you parent be gonna have to face the act that none of that be go to bring you brother back . she stop suddenl turn and slap he . hard . drop she tray and put he on t é ground , hard . the whole room look up . people stand , crowd in . some ohhs . they be all wait . she look down at he . she 's teary eye , but she voice be pure anger . norah you want to hear from the real I ? fuck off . she walk away and be immediately embrace by the squad . porter just sit there until people lose interest , move on . he snap the rubber band on he wrist . 83. int . today show studio angle on the vp stand by a monitor watch the back and forth between matt lauer and the beaver . the vp look like he 's nervous enough to gnaw off a finger . new angle matt lauer and so what be they reaction the first time you show up for work like this ? the beaver well , I be sure they think I be crazy . and justifiably so . show Matt and walter on the actual set . the beaver ( cont 'd ) would not you ? matt lauer but that 's not how you see yourself ? the beaver not at all . mozart be say to occasionally feel oblige to meow like a cat , but he seem to get on all right . walter 's approach be unconventional because conventional approach prove worthless . what 's important be not how someone look or speak , but what result from they action and word . I think the overwhelming success of what be recently a fail company say all it need to about walter 's judgement . matt lauer and this all begin as a way of deal with depression ? the beaver sometimes , Matt , we reach a point where in order to go on , we have to wipe the slate clean . put the problem , failure , and fear of the past behind we and begin again from scratch . matt lauer well , I think the obvious question be , why would you choose this particular way to attack that problem ? 84 . the beaver because sometimes the thing that 's hold you back be the very idea of who you be . we begin we life believe that anything be possible and then slowly we let the wall close in until all we can see be this very narrow range of possibility . we say thing like ‘oh I be not the kind of person who could do this or that , who could look this way or that way , who could say this thing or that . 's we start to see who we be as a box that we be trap inside , and however we try to escape ; resolution , therapy , drug , class , it simply reel we back in . and I believe the only way to truly break out be to get rid of that box all together . if think and act and be a certain way , a certain ' person 's , have result in unhappiness , why would you keep do it ? take you future into you hand and start over be not crazy . crazy be be miserable and still do yehe same thing day after day . walter have make a mess of he life , and until he freed himself from he failure , he be cut off from the potential for the wonderful thing you see happen to he now . I have suggest to you that there be many '' other out there be crushe under the weight of the box they have put themselves in . and whether that best ple pick up a puppet or not be eside the point . what 's important be that they find a way to start over from a point where they really and truly believe that anything be possible . because it 's be my experience that if you can do yehat , what follow will only confirm the notion . Matt think on this for a moment . he seem surprised , new angle show the vp watch , stunne . matt lauer ( on monitor ) well , I want thank you for join we this morning . the vp can not believe they have pull it off . he look elate . begin montage : 85 . int . today show studio - moment later walter stand and shake hand with Matt lauer . the beaver ( v.o. ) this be a picture of walter Black . a hopelessly depressed individual . CUT to : ext . today show studio - moment later walter and the vp step out and be immediately mobbed by the crowd . the beaver ( v.o. ) who become a beaver . quick cut : walter and the beaver on good Morning America . the beaver ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) who become a phenomenon . walter and the beaver on cnbc . the beaver ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) it turn out that in fact , there be a lot people out there . people look for answer , for help , for change . walter and the beaver on larry king . the beaver ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and they be desperate enough to listen - walter and the beaver on a daytime talk show . the audience clap wildly . the beaver ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) - even if it 's a puppet do the talk . int . toy store a shelf label mr . beaver woodchopper kit have a sign read sold out . the beaver ( v.o. ) retailer find that not only be they constantly out of Mr. beaver 's woodchopper kit - 86 . a rack of stuff puppet be be pick over by a crowd of people . the beaver ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) but that there 's a sudden , seemingly insatiable , interest in plush stuff puppet . ext . STREET - day we see several people walk down the street , briefcase in one hand , beaver puppet on the other . int . bus - day we see various people with various puppet . a alligator . a pig. a bear . there 's a older woman with a octopus . the beaver ( v.o. ) andrme with the ability to make a fresh start people suddenly find themselves able to do all sort of thing they have previously think impossible . quick cut : a woman stand across a desk from a man . she 's yell at he with the aid of a elephant puppet on she leave hand . the beaver ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) some find the courage to finally tell off they boss . a man be across a table from he girlfriend . he 's talk to she with a Dog puppet . the beaver ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) other get the strength to leave troubled relationship . the girlfriend respond by raise she own puppet to speak . int . principal' office we see a elderly mexican woman and pull back to reveal hector . we pull back further to reveal that hector be wear a kangaroo puppet . the beaver ( v.0 . ) and some even start they new life by confess to the crime they would commit in they old one . pull back further to reveal the principal . as hector finish he look to the elderly woman . she nod approvingly . 87 . the principal gets_a look of sinister satisfaction . he turn toward the far wall . reveal porter , sit in a chair , sell down the river by a puppet . int . bookstore coffee shop meredith 's group of woman be meeting . meredith see a man read the paper . angle on the paper . a headline read : eccentric ceo ink book deal . the beaver ( v.o . so while walter be signing a deal to write exactly the kind of book he have once throw away . meredith look away and find herself stare at the bag under ann 's chair . she freeze . angle on the bag to reveal a small plush puppet stick out . ann see meredith look and slyly scoot the bag further under she chair . int . school hallway porter stand in front of he locker with a trash can . he pull everything into it . the beaver ( v.o. ) porter be tell that he not only will not walk at he own graduation , norah walk by . she stop as if she want to say something , but decide she can not . she move on . int . ann 's kitchen angle on a table where a single open envelope and a one page letter be sit . the beaver ( v.o . but that Brown apparently take academic fraud quite seriously . angle on the floor where porter lie as if he 's be shot . ext . newstand - day walter and the beaver be on the cover of several magazine . 88 . other feature only the beaver . int . radio station - day walter and the beaver sit across from terri gross . the beaver talk and move expressively , but walter himself look bored . the beaver ( v.o. ) and then one day , walter start to tire of himself all over again . int . tv studio walter be give a local interview . his head be on the table , as if sleep , only the beaver be upright . the beaver slap he on the head . walter sit up . int . conference room walter 's staff be around the table . at the head , the beaver talk away , but walter be nowhere to be see . angle on walter under the table . he 's bleary eye , surround by toy beaver from the woodchopper kit . int . walter' bedroom - morning walter lay in bed . the beaver tug at he hair . the beaver come on you miserable wanker ! get the fuck up ! int . talk show set - day walter and the beaver be on stage with a host , take question from the audience . angle on a monitor as a woman ask a question . the caption read : want her mother to stop running her life . angle on the beaver . walter 's not even in the shot . the beaver ( v.o. ) he 's the tail on a dog , ignore and irrelevant , unless he happen to knock something over . the beaver dispense advice . the audience be rapt . 89 . int . dressing room walter and the beaver glare at one another in one of that mirror surround by light bulb . neither say a word . they just stare one another down . int . walter' bedroom walter walk in and drop several big bag of luggage . exhausted , he collapse on the bed without change clothes . end montage : int . walter' bedroom - late night walter wake , still in the same clothes . he look over at the beaver who be on the pillow next to he , eye cover with the eye mask . walter carefully turn to he night stand and with he free hand he grab he cell phone . he scroll to meredith , dial . he put the phone to he ear , wait . then ... meredith ( filter , groggy ) hello . a long beat . _. walter gybisper ) meredith . it 's I . meredith walter ? what 's go on ? walter I ... I do not - suddenly , walter 's leave hand rise off the pillow , the beaver 's head jerk around , startle . _the beaver what 's go on ? what 's - the beaver shake the eye mask off , look at walter on the phone . the beaver ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? who be you talk to ? meredith walter ? walter , talk to I . 90 . the beaver hang up . hang up right now . the beaver and walter look at one another . meredith walter please - walter I have to go . he hang up . a long silence . then ... walter smashes himself in the face with the beaver . a moment as walter stare , shocked , at the beaver . the beaver what the hell be you think ? instead of answer , walter suddenly grab the beaver and whack it against he night stand . a brawl be on . if this play with any humor at the start it very quickly disappear . this be not liar liar . walter be truly self destructive and the damage he do be real . the beaver hoist a lamp , smashes it over walter . blood trickle down he forehead . walter put the beaver against the door jam , slam the door on he repeatedly . he / they scream . they tumble into the dresser , knock it over . walter punch the beaver into the wall head first , leave small hole in the drywall . the beaver pick up the phone and clobber walter across the face with it . walter be reeling . walter fall backward into the wall . picture fall . the beaver grab walter by the throat , press he against the wall , choke he . walter struggle , turn red . he 's literally , successfully , deny himself oxygen . the vein pop out . the eye roll . he slump and release he own throat , crumble into a pile , unconscious . CUT to : int . walter' bedroom —- moment later walter wake , gasping slightly . 91 . the blood have begin to dry in line run down he face . his eye be badly swollen and darken . he raise the beaver . one of its eye be smashed . lot of fur be miss . one arm be tear slightly . a moment . the beaver bloody hell , mate . look at we . walter do not say anything . the beaver ( cont 'd ) have not I deliver exactly what we talk about ? walter nod . the beaver ( cont 'd ) I know it 's hard , but you have to trust I . we have do the right thing at every turn . we have come so far , mate . there be so many good thing ahead . now be not the time to start look over you shoulder , yeah ? walter think about it . walter I miss they . the beaver you think I do not ? but they want you to go back to something that 's oisonous , destructive . open that oor again , even a crack , you will end up right where you start . I know you do not want that , no matter how much you miss they . and I be not go to let it happen . walter nod . the beaver ( cont 'd ) we be a team , walter . the only one we can really count on be each other . I tell you it be go to be hard , yeah ? but look at what we have do . and we be just get start . ( beat ) what 's important be that you know I be always go to be here for you . today , tomorrow , forever . forever , yeah ? walter look at the beaver . he nod , wipe he face . a deep breath . 92 . walter I do not think I can sleep anymore . maybe we should work on something for a while . the beaver sure mate . sure . int . garage walter and the beaver work at the bench . sawing . sanding . hammering . gluing . something be take shape . a box , but it 's longer and skinnier than the memory box we have see before . they work on a lid , they round the edge . it 's incredibly elaborate , impressive , artful . they step back , regard the work . CUT to : int . garage - moment later walter have open the garage door . he 's rest on the concrete face out where the sun be just beginning to rise . angle on walter and the beaver , quietly , reverently stare at the dawn . over he shoulder we can see the workbench and the finish box , lid up . after a moment , the beaver turn back toward the workbench , then look at walter . the bench . walter . something sink in . the beaver walter ? walter do not look away from the sunrise . the beaver ( cont 'd ) walter . do not . nothing . the beaver ( cont 'd ) walter , you have to listen to I . you will be lose . walter get up . he turn and head back inside . the beaver ( cont 'd ) you think you will get they back ? it do not work that way . there be no go back . 93 . walter press the button . the garage door start to come down , block out the sun . the beaver ( cont 'd ) it_wo not even be like before . it will be worse walter . much worse . walter walk over to the box . he hold the beaver over it . it 's a perfect fit . they have make a little coffin . the beaver ( cont 'd ) you be go to end up alone , walter . all alone . do not do it . do not . walter stare at the beaver for a long beat . it seem like he might be convinced . then ... walter I be sorry . suddeniy he flip on the table saw . he put he leave arm on the table and grab the see handle with he right . the beaver walter !!! he pull the see forward . CUT to : ext . garage - continuous we stare at the innocuous look garage door , just like the other on the street , as we hear the beaver 's scream and the sound of the saw digging in . then ... silence . a man walk by with he dog , oblivious . fade to black . over black we hear the beep beep beep of a large truck back up . ext . landfill - day reveal a garbage truck back up to a garbage pile . it lift its rear , dump its load . as the garbage cascade out we see that among the usual bag and detritus there be dozen of discard puppet . 94 , int . bookstore a shelf with copy of the reset button by walter and the beaver be mark 90 % off . int . toy store the shelf with the Mr. beaver woodchopper kit be now fully stock , ignore . int . television studio the vp appear on cnbc . the vp absolutely , Mr. beaver provide we with_a much need revenue boost , but I think in my tenure it 's go to be time for we to return focus to the product and brand _that get we go and make we great int . live room - day angle on the television where the same daytime talk show host who earlier have walter on be address she audience . daytime talk show host ( on tv ) while we standby the message we be try to communicate , it 's clear that the messenger be not well and I want to make clear that we do not endorse any of the tactic he may have discuss here or elsewhere . if anyone feel like the might hurt themselves please can . - angle on the couch , revealing porter sprawle , barely conscious . he change the channel . meredith walk in . she stand in front of the tv . turn it off . he do not seem to notice . meredith come on . get up . he do not budge . meredith ( cont 'd ) you do not have to go in if do not want to , but I be not eave you here to sleep all day . 95 . she walk over , start to physically pull he up . he remain imp . porter Mom . she drop he . he go horizontal again . she look exasperate . meredith porter , please . a long beat . he slowly get to he foot . he raise he arm as if to say , happy ? meredith ( cont 'd ) good . get some shoe on . porter I be up okay ? but I be not go . she look at he . consider this . Henry come in , excited . henry be we go ? a beat . she decide porter be a lose cause . meredith yeah . Henry take off toward the garage . meredith look at porter one more time . meredith ( cont 'd ) do something . go outside . take a walk . see that girl . steal _a car . I do not care . just get out of the house , okay ? he nod . she head for the garage . porter stand still as we hear the suburban rumble away . then he head for the stair . int . porter' bedroom porter walk in . he head straight for he bed , fall into it , pull a pillow over he head . int . psych hospital walter , wear hospital issue white , be seat across from doctor bank . they be work with a prosthetic hand . walter raise it , look at it . he seem pleased . the doctor seem pleased . 96 . int . psych hospital - later walter be in group , surround by other patient in white , each with vary grip on reality . doctor bank be at the center of the semi-circle . walter raise he prosthetic to talk . before he 's call on a nurse enter . nurse walter ? family 's here . walter beam . int . psych hospital - cafeteria walter sit across the table from meredith and Henry . Henry pass across a gift bag . walter look at it , surprised . he open it up . he pull out a small hand - carve replica of a brain . henry Mom say yours get break . walter laugh . walter thank you very much . this will come in handy . a beat . henry so , be you crazy ? meredith begin to protest , but walter 's up to it . walter maybe . but we be work on it . henry do that mean you can come home ? he and meredith share a glance . walter we're ... work on it . a beat . meredith they ... say you be do well . walter eat , sleep , talk , do not hurt yourself . not the toughest gig . 97 . despite the circumstance walter seem relatively upbeat , together . walter ( cont 'd ) how 's porter ? meredith roll she eye . meredith he will not do anything . I be try to et he to take community college or a year , but he will not even talk about it . he just lay there . walter nod , consider this deeply . meredith ( cont 'd ) he 's get to do something . we can not go a year like this . walter sound like he be too busy to come along . she suddenly find herself stare at the prosthetic hand . . meredith he 's just ... he 'il come around . walter nod . a long silence . walter begin to run he hand over the contour of the brain . they all find themselves stare at it . int . psych hospital - later Henry and walter hug goodbye . meredith and walter follow suit . he 's escort through a door , wave goodbye . as meredith and Henry walk away a Doctor fall into step . doctor bank Mrs. Black ? I be Doctor bank . we speak on the phone ? she nod , but do not stop walk . doctor bank ( cont 'd ) well , as I say , we be very pleased with walter 's progress . he 's on medication , but we have get the dosing at & low level and he 's respond very favorably . no sign of delirium or suicidal ideation . and he 's be very active in group and with the other patient . frankly , he 's well like . meredith nod , but she 's still walk . if anything , she 's walk faster . 98 . doctor bank ( cont 'd ) as I say on the phone , I think that with some supervision and regular therapy there 's no reason - they reach the door . meredith cut he off , pull out she key . she hand they to Henry . meredith Henry . here . go wait in the car . in 1ll just be another minute . Henry look at she , take the key , walk out . meredith turn back to the doctor . doctor bank as I be say , I be comfortable release he to you care if - meredith Doctor , I be ... I do not think we be ready for that . the doctor nod , take this in . doctor bank I understand . when you be ready , I think it would be beneficial for he to have he family around he . she think it over . meredith how long will you keep he ? doctor bank well , it would be several month before we could sign he out under he own supervision , but - meredith that 's fine . we will work on figure out what to do with he after that . a beat as he grasp the situation . he hand she some papers . doctor bank in case you change you mind . she take the papers , put they in she purse . she head out . int . psych hospital walter be seat on a couch with other patient face a tv , but walter 's eye be on the window . 99 . angle on the window where he can see meredith get into the suburban . she back up , drive on . angle on walter as he raise he prosthetic hand , regards it . fade to black . over black a doorbell ring . int . foyer meredith open the door to reveal norah . they look at one another . CUT to : int . hallway meredith knock on porter 's door . no response . she try the handle . it 's lock . meredith porter ? porter be you up ? you friend be here . norah . a long beat . then suddenly the sound of he radio blaring . meredith turn to norah . norah smile . she understand . int . porter' bedroom - continuous porter sit on he bed , stare at the door . he 's clearly conflict , but he do not move . int . hallway - continuous meredith and norah be walk away when suddenly the music stop . norah and meredith pause , look back . porter 's door open . he stick he head out . a long beat as norah and porter look at one another . then , without a word , she turn and head back towards he room . meredith watch , satisfied , then head downstairs . 100 . int . porter' bedroom porter sit on he bed . norah sit across . there 's a bit of a breeze outside , and even though the poster be once again over the hole in the wall , it rattle occasionally as the wind come through the small open to the outside . they can not seem to decide who should start . finally ... porter so how be graduation ? norah honestly ? I have say the fact that you be not allow to be there work out in you favor . he just nod . norah ( cont 'd ) I want you to know , I do not end up use you speech . at the last minute I get this idea that it be more important for the word to be mine than to be good . a beat . then quietly ... porter well ... you still owe I 150 buck . she smile , the first break in the ice . norah you be right , you know ? about no one really P. pay attention . when I finally decide that I have to write the thing myself I think I suddenly have this great insight that be go to knock everyone 's sock off . it be all about how every time you breathe you get two atom that be breathe by every person who 's ever live . julius caesar , James Dean , Queen Elizabeth . you have hear that right ? he nod . norah ( cont 'd ) so anyway , that mean that two of the atom in everyone 's breath also come from my brother . and even though he be go , he be still this tiny part of we all . ( more ) a beat . 101 . norah ( cont 'd ) and what he have want we to remember be not that he name be on two atom in every breath , but that every breath be we chance to put we own signature on a trillion little piece of the future . porter not bad . norah yeah ? well , let I give you some advice , should you ever find yourself give a speech to a thousand eighteen year old die to oo party - Dead people and atom ? a! pro y not the topic you want to lead with . porter no ? norah I mean , I can not tell you how many time I picture all of that play out , you know ? I on stage , give this amazing speech , everyone in awe , my parent weep , and even my brother , like , sit on some cloud , look down and smile . ( beat ) but it be not like that at all . I mean people clapped , but mostl . because it be over . durban , the third time 's the charm senior , he get the real ovation . porter and you parent ? norah oh , very pappy very proud . we have roughly 4000 photo of the event . porter and you brother ? norah not a cloud in the sky . porter nod . norah ( cont 'd ) I know you think that I have be try to replace he somehow , and I be sure that 's part of it , but the truth be , I do not know he that well when he be alive . ( more ) 102 . norah ( cont 'd ) he be always something I be try to separate myself from , not get closer to . and by the time I realize how stupid that be , he be not around . so I do not become this overachieve valedictorian to bring he back . I do it because every time I do something he would do , every time someone look at I and see a little bit of my brother , it feel like we be get closer . like I be finally get to know he , even though he be go . but the flip side be that after eighteen year I feel like I know my dead brother a lot better than I know myself . and I guess I just want to say ... I be work on it . a beat , then she stand . norah ( cont 'd ) anyway , I should go . we be do some pack . porter ( as he stand ) really die to get to Stanford , U : norah well , no , actually . it 's not that kind 's of pack . I end up defer Stanford for a year . I figure I have take some time , drive around , see if that 's really where I '' suppose to be . or something like that . like I say , I be work on it . porter 's surprised . porter wow . good for you . how be you parent with that ? norah ( beat ) . ; we be all work on it . she start to go and then stop , reach into she purse and pull out some papers . norah ( cont 'd ) oh. I almost forget . I want to give you this . he take the page . porter what be it ? norah it 's you speech . porter oh . well , this be just a print out . I have still get it on my drive . norah I know . I just think ... I mean , I know you whole deal be that you could sound like anyone , but the more I think about it , the more I realize , this be not I ' talk . it 's you . you write it . raqast wonder if you would ever really sit down and read it . 103 . he 's not sure what to say . she look at he , smile . she hesitates , then step over , kiss he . it 's short , but it say what it need to . sweet , she walk out . he look at the page in he hand . the wind rattle the poster on he wall . he take a seat on he bed , unfold the page . as he begin to read ... porter ( v.o. ) faculty , student , family , I be here today because I be suppose to tell you something about tomorrow . I be suppose to remind you that it 's the first day of the rest of you life , and inspire you to seize the infinite array of possibility that_have suddenly become available . I be suppose to tell you that you can_do anything you dare to dream as long a you just listen to you heart and of low you rainbow . but I can not do that . because it 's not true . int . norah' brother 's room we see the wall cover in trophy , award . CUT to : new angle reveal that norah and she parent be pack the thing into box . porter ( v.o. ) the truth be , there eat people out there in big government building and insurance agency whose job be to predict the future . they do not know you or I , do not know a thing about we hope and dream , and frankly they do not care . ( more ) 104 . porter ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) but still they be hunch over they computer , crunching number , and without ever have ask you what you want to be when you grow BP , t hey know not only what kind of b you 11 have , and how much money you 's 1 make , but whether you 's 1ll be marry or have kid , where and how you will live , and even roughly when you will die . CUT to : int . psych hospital we see walter in the ward . he 's play a game with other patient . they laugh . porter ( v.o. ) and when you look at all they statistic , all they data , all they prediction , the future look less like something you get to write than something you simply get to show up for . CUT to : int . psych hospital we see meredith and walter visit together . it 's tender , quiet . they hold hand . porter ( v.o. ) so instead of delude you , instead of offer you cliches and platitude , I tgat go to give it to you straight . most of we will be average . that 's why they call it average , because the majority of we end up there . and accord to the statistic , this be what the future hold for the average person in this class : you will die before you be 85 . CUT to : int . psych hospital meredith stand talk to the doctor at the door again . again she leave alone . porter ( v.o. ) you will be marry , but you 'il also get divorced . you will suffer from at east one mae jredical problem . E 105 . porter ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) you 'il work out of a office , live in a modest home , and never make more than 100 thousand dollar a year . do not really sound that exciting do it ? certainly do not sound like the life they promise in most graduation speech . CUT to : int . garage Henry be happily back at work , surround by lumber if not people porter ( v.o . ) but what if I tell you that the person describe in that scenario be not someone from this class , but Albert Einstein . because while he may have be one of the most famous mind in history , accord to the number , he be as average as they come . life ft down ehe job , house , all right down the dle . so 's how come average be nding the last thing you think of when you hear the name Einstein ? CUT to : int . norah 's room norah be pack she own thing . porter ( v.o . -) it 's because even if 1 the statistic , all the prediction , all the number be true , they do not really tell you anythin about what you life will be tike . what it will be worth . fihate it will mean . the formulas , equation , score , and data , they be just piece of the story . CUT to : ext . norah 's driveway we see she and she parent load she car up with she stuff . porter ( v.o. 1 ? and if you put_them all together , they do not really tell you who you will be because people be more than the sumore jrheir part . porter ( v.o. ) ( cont ) I can not stand here and tell you that anything be possible , because it be not . int . porter' bedroom angle on all he book on genetics . 106 . CUT to : new angle show he pack they up . he rest on a box , look down , toy with the rubber band on he wrist . he eye he Journal of similarities list . porter ( v.o. ) you name be already write in a big book somewhere and certain thing , whether you like they or not , have already be jotted down next to it . and maybe eposs thing can not be change . but what you name will ultimately mean , what it will cause other to think of , to remember , to feel , that be something that 's hot yet write , something that can not be predict . it 's something that only you can control . you don ! ' t_have to believe anythin be possible for tomorrow be the first day of the rest of you life . you pust have to believe hat when all the math be do , there 's still something that can not be account for . that thing be what make you , you . and all you have to do now , be create it . ext . psych hospital - day CUT to : porter sit alone on a bench , nervous . he keep eying the entrance . finally , he get to he foot , head in . int . psych hospital porter and walter sit across from one another . walter look peaceful . silence . porter so ... you be go to be okay ? walter nod , shrug . walter I think so . 107 . porter you think so ? walter smile . walter they 's be just doctor son . they can not see the future . porter but they have a good feel , right ? they feel like you be probably go to be okay . walter it 's not up to they . a long beat . porter work up to ask the question he really want the answer to . porter what about I ? be I go to be okay ? declarative , and without hesitation ... walter you be go to be fine . porter scoff . porter first , grandpa and now you . I mean - again , definitively . walter you be go to be fine . porter 's tone change . he 's not combative . he really want the answer . porter how do you know that ? walter wait until porter look he in the eye . walter because it 's up to you . another long beat . then ... porter reach down , pull the rubber band off he wrist . he put it around he father 's prosthetic . they look at one another . CUT to : 108. int . suburban - day porter get into the back seat , close the door . he 's emotional , unsure what he 's feel . new angle reveal Henry sit beside he , whittling quietly on a piece of wood . finally ... henry be they come ? porter yeah . just have to finish some paperwork . ext . psych hospital the front door open . meredith and walter come out together . walter take a moment to look around , and then out of nowhere Henry come streaking across the grounds , wrap himself around walter 's leg . he hoist the boy onto he shoulder . they walk on . ext . norah' driveway norah 's parent wave goodbye as she drop she load car into gear , pull away . ext . highway - day norah pull onto the road , roll down the window . wind in she hair , she hit the gas . int . porter' bedroom porter 's not here . the room be miss thing , even if we be not sure what they be . what we notice be that on the far wall , where the hole be , be norah 's painting , the one she say she always like . ext . driveway - day porter sit outside , alone . think . wait . watch . very slowly pull back to reveal he 's sit on a fully load backpack . suddenly , a huge smile spread across he face as he spot what he 's look for . 109 . new angle as norah pull up in she load car . she press a button . the trunk open . new angle as porter throw he bag in the trunk . new angle as porter hug he family . — walter ( v.0 . ) this be a picture of walter Black . Henry give porter a wooden compass . he pat he young brother on the head . walter ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) a once hopelessly depressed individual . porter and norah get in the car . walter ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) who have to become a beaver . int . norah 's car porter put the compass in the middle of the dash . the two of they look at one another . they laugh . ext . driveway the car start . the window come down . porter and norah each stick a arm out to wave goodbye as they drive away . walter ( v.o. ) who have to become a phenomenon . angle on the family . they raise they arm , wave goodbye . walter ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) so that ultimately this could just be a picture - angle on walter 's prosthetic wave goodbye , porter 's rubber band around its wrist . walter ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) - of walter Black . fade out .