the hangover written by jon Lucas &amp ; Scott Moore September 30 , 2007 ext . bel AIR BAY club -- pacific palisade , CA -- morning it 's a beautiful spring morning in the palisade . High atop the cliff , look out over the Pacific Ocean , sit the exclusive bel AIR BAY club . worker bustle about the lawn , set up a high - end wedding . a string quartet warm up . a team of florist arrange centerpiece . caterer set the white linen table ... int . bridal suite -- day a simple , classic wedding dress hang on a closet door in this sun-drenched bridal suite . sitting at the makeup table , surround by she bridesmaid , be the beautiful bride , tracy turner , 20' . she 's busy do she makeup . just then , Tracy 's rich , stern father , 50' , blow in . mr. turner any word from Doug ? the way he spit out " Doug " tell we all we need to know about how Mr. Turner feel about he future son-in- law . tracy no , but I be sure he 's -- just then , Tracy 's cellphone ring . she quickly answer it . tracy ( cont 'd ) hello ? intercut with : ext . mojave desert -- morning heat -wave rise off the mojave . stand at a lone , dust - cover payphone in the middle of the desert be vick lennon he 's in he late 20' , tall , rugge -- and currently a mess . his shirt be rip open , he aviator sunglass be bent , he lip be bloody , and he clearly have not sleep in day . vick Tracy , it 's vick . park on the dirt road behind vick be he near-totalled 1967 cadillac deville convertible ; it 's scratch , dent , filthy - - and miss its passenger side door . slouch inside be two other guy , also look like hell . 2 . tracy hey vick ! vick listen , honey ... the bachelor party get a little out of control and , well ... we lose Doug . tracy ( she jaw drop ) what ?! but we be get marry in like four hour ! vick squint at the rise sun . vick yeah , that 's not gonna happen . CUT to : title over black : 40 hour earlier CUT to : ext . the 10 freeway -- day the top down , the who 's " Baba o'riley " blast from the stereo , vick 's pristine cadillac convertible rocket down highway 10 towards nevada . at the wheel be vick , look as sharp as he caddy in a half - open shirt and mint condition aviator . sitting shotgun be the groom , doug billing , late 20' , handsome , barefoot , crunchy -- a all around great guy . behind vick sit alan mervish , late 20' , a anal tax attorney from Connecticut , he izod shirt tuck into he khakis . he 's currently apply sun screen to he forehead . next to Alan be stu pryce , late 20' , former high school linebacker and lovably dimwitted father of two . he drum the back of the frontseat to the music , totally pump , like this be he first time out of the house in year . because it be . stu dude this be already the best weekend ever ! vick stu , relax , we be still on the 10 . 3. stu oh , do I show you picture of my kid ?! doug no , dude , show `em . stu fish picture out of he wallet and eagerly show they to Doug in the front seat . Doug be clearly the core of this group , the glue that hold this childhood friend together . stu haylee be two , and kaitlin be already four ! can you believe it ?! doug ( smile at photo ) how cute ... good for you , man . Doug show the photo to vick ; he nod , impressed . vick the one on the leave be gonna be a hottie . the other one , not so much . stu protectively snatch the photo back , mutter : stu Jesus , dude , that be my child -- alan ( be : sunscreen ) hey , be I rubbed in ? stu glance over and see un -rubbe - in sunscreen all over Alan 's face . stu yeah , you be good . doug hey so Alan , be you and Becky still together ? but before Alan can answer -- vick of course they be , doug. Jesus , Alan 's be dating Becky for 14 year . when they first meet , Alan have brace and soccer hair , and Becky have a function hymen . ( more ) 4. vick ( cont 'd ) ask Alan if he 's still with Becky be like ask the sun if it still rise in the east . the guy try not to laugh ; Alan scowl . doug she still pressure you to get marry ? alan enh , we have move past the pressure stage ... it 's more like aggravate assault stage now ? like at the last wedding we go to , she throw a camera at my head , call I a closet fag , then run out cry . the guy wince , oooo . alan ( cont 'd ) but we talk , and everything 's cool now . stu maybe you could wear a helmet to Doug 's wedding . alan great idea , stu . thanks . doug ( laughing ) so vick , how 's business go ? vick oh , great . yeah , I be work on bring the next big dessert craze to Los Angeles . it 's gonna be huge . doug what be it ? vick bavarian custard . we run the number , and it 's gonna be bigger than for yo . Doug and stu nod , impressed ; only Alan look skeptical . alan be not custard like a trillion calory --? 5 . vick we plan be to open three store in the Valley and then franchise it . share be sell fast , but I can probably squeeze you guy in ... doug yeah , man , count I in . stu I too , man ! I love pudding ! Alan just shake he head , unbelievable . alan be this gonna do better than the hip - hop label you start , vick ? or the topless sushi bar ? or the mobile tattoo parlor --? vick tattoo - to- you be a idea ahead of it 's time , Alan ! and do not come cry to I when there 's a custard cabana on every street corner in America and you do not buy in --! doug ( laughing ) all right , all right , save it for the party ... vick and Alan quiet . stu be still drum the seat . stu dude ! I can not believe I get to party all night , and then , tomorrow ... I get to sleep in ! it 's almost too much ! and fyi , if anyone get really drunk and crap themself , just let I know , I can have you clean up and party again in under three minute . no joke . I be a master of stool removal ... they rocket off into the desert , laughing ... CUT to : title card : " friday , 5:12 pm " 6 . ext . las vega -- magic hour as the last ray of sun fade , the cadillac crest the final hill to reveal las vega in all its illuminate splendor ... ext . las vega blvd . -- sunset the caddy roll down the fame Strip . we be again remind of the absurd scale of Las Vegas . the 5,000 room hotel , the eight lane road , the 60 foot billboard ... ext . mandalay BAY -- night the caddy roll up to the mandalay Bay . the guy hop out , exhilated . vick throw the key to the valet ... int . mandalay BAY -- night the guy enter the glitter casino four men-wide , all smile , all exude vibe . pass women sneak glance . vick slide a drink off a nearby waitress 's tray as they make for the front desk a perfectly press lebanese man wait behind the front desk . vick stride up , smile , sunglass still on . front desk man welcome to the mandalay Bay . vick check in . Lennon comma Victor . the man type into he computer . front desk man yes , we have you down for a one night stay in a economy suite -- vick glance at the man 's nametag ; it read " atashir . " vick hold it right there , atashir . this be my best friend from childhood , Douglas billing . in two day , he be to marry a woman of great beauty and strong tooth , do you understand ? a woman of gigantic bosom who will give he many , many son ... atashir look confuse . Alan look embarrassed . 7. vick ( cont 'd ) my two other childhood friend have travel great distance , across many desert , to be here . this be not a night in a hotel for we , atashir : this be a family reunion . perhaps you too have family situate great distance away , in a foreign country with much sand ? atashir look like , sort of ...? vick reach over the counter and touch he arm , simpatico . vick ( cont 'd ) then I have but one question for you , friend : if they come to town , would you put they in a economy suite ? atashir no , sir . vick well , then . I think one of we need to get back on he little computer and find we a suitable room . atashir frown ... but type away at he computer . atashir all the deluxe room be take . the Dean Martin suite be available , but I would have to ask my -- vick Dean -o will be fine . send up a case of cristal , two bottle of patron , four ahi sandwich , and a crate of skinless mango ... vick turn to the guy : vick ( cont 'd ) you guy want anything ? the guy stammer , too stunne to speak . vick ( cont 'd ) and have Jean - Marie cook up a dozen of that duck skewer I like so well . he know the one . atashir and how would you like to pay ? 8. vick american Express . atashir look up to accept the card . after a beat , vick turn to Alan : vick ( cont 'd ) dude , give he you amex . alan what ? vick do not worry , we will hit you later . Alan stammer . vick ( cont 'd ) dude , come on , I pay for gas . stop be such a Jew . Alan stammer some more -- then angrily pull out he card . CUT to : int . the dean martin suite -- night the guy enter the room , jostling ; stu have Doug in a headlock . then they freeze : the Dean Martin suite be massive , complete with lounge area , two flat screen tvs , full bar and multiple bedroom . the guy just gape . stu this be bigger than my house . vick blow past they , totally unfaze . vick get dress , lady . we be wheel up in ten . stu and Doug race off to find they bedroom , leave Alan stand alone , just stare at the decadent suite . alan I be so not get pay back . int . dean martin suite -- master bedroom -- night vick enter the bedroom , drop he bag , and start change he shirt -- when he cell phone ring . he answer . vick this be vick . 9 . vick listen -- then grow a bit panicked : vick ( cont 'd ) he 's in Vegas ?! you be kid I ! ( wincing ) all right , I will get it . all right . all right --! when stu walk past , vick turn away and cover the phone , try to keep the call confidential : vick ( cont 'd ) I say all right , dude ! how many more time you want I to say all right ?! ( beat ) all right . all right . vick hang up , look uncharacteristically stress ... int . the dean martin suite -- bathroom -- same Doug brushes he tooth while , at the next sink over , Alan select a facial wash from he highly organize toiletry kit and begin wash he face . alan so , you ready for Sunday ? doug yeah . I think I would be nervous , but I be actually just really psyched . Alan nod , impressed . alan Tracy 's dad still hate you ? doug oh yeah . alan any closer to figure out why ? doug enh , I think he want more for he girl . I mean , I be a teacher who make 45 grand a year , and he 's a titan of industry who make 45 grand a day , you know ? I sort of get it ... ( beat , brush tooth ) also , I be bang he daughter . I be not sure you ever get past that . 10 . Alan smile , yeah , there 's that . Doug spit out he paste . doug ( cont 'd ) you get floss ? Alan gesture towards he toiletry kit . Doug pick it up , start look for the floss . then Alan remember something -- but it 's too late . Doug have find the ring BOX inside Alan 's kit , and open it to reveal a huge diamond engagement ring . doug ( cont 'd ) Holy Christ ! Alan quickly reach for the ring -- alan ahhh yeah , I be not go to tell anyone about that -- just then , stu wander in , wear only he colorado state boxer short . his gut be sizable . stu anyone get any nipple lube - -? ( see ring ) Jesus would you look at the size of that thing ?! stu grab the ring from Doug . doug it 's alan' . for Becky . stu Jesus , who make this thing ? diddy ? alan ( clutching for ring ) actually , I - I be try to keep it a secret , so -- just then vick blow in , sing , effeminate : vick Boy Party in the bathrooooom --! ( see ring , snag it ) miner 's cut , 2.6 carat , slight pink tint , street value : 26 , 27k . vick study it in the light . Alan just rub he temple . stu dude , it 's for Becky ! Alan 's finally go to propose ! 11 . vick well gosh -golly , Alan mervish , good for you ! where would you get the ring ? alan oh , it 's a family heirloom . my grandmother smuggle it through the holocaust , actually . I be go to propose to beck this weekend . Doug throw he arm around Alan , happy for he . doug well : now we have two thing to celebrate ! CUT to : title card : " friday , 6:10 pm " ext . mandalay BAY rooftop -- night the guy , dress to the nine , open the steel rooftop door and file out onto the flat tar roof of the mandalay Bay ; vick be carry a bottle of patron and four hotel glass . bring up the rear , Alan slide a wood block between the door and the frame so they be not lock up here . the guy step out onto the dark , windy roof and take in the stun panorama ... the Strip ... the mountain ... the countless star ... it 's breathtaking . stu thish be so great ! I love you guy ! vick check it out , stu 's already waste . vick start refilling everyone 's glass . alan we have only have two shot , man ! doug yeah , what happen , stuey ?! you use to be able to drink we all under the table ! stu dude , I be a dad ! I do not have time to get plaster anymore ! it blow ! ( quickly ) be I a bad dad for say that ? 12 . doug what ? no ! stu because my dad be a bad dad . doug ( patting he shoulder ) that 's true , stuey , but you be different . we have talk about this . stu just stare at the guy , glassy - eye . beat . stu have I show you guy picture of my kid yet --? alan &amp ; doug &amp ; vick yes ! Doug laugh and raise he glass for a toast , heartfelt : doug Little toast : to Tracy , the coolest , kindest , most beautiful woman I have ever meet . I can not believe she let I come this weekend -- much less agree to spend the rest of she life with I . I think both will prove to be massive error of judgement on she part . the guy chuckle , hear-hear . doug ( cont 'd ) and to be here , with my best friend in the world . there 's nowhere else I would rather be . the guy raise they glass , touch . doug ( cont 'd ) that say , let 's not get too stupid tonight , okay ? I be get marry in 36 hour . alan &amp ; stu &amp ; vick no , no . / we will be good . / totally , dude . Doug lower he glass , laugh , completely unconvince . 13 . doug I be serious , dude ! nothing above the neck -- no piercing , no weird haircut , no facial tattoo . I gotta look decent on Sunday . vick Jesus , what do you take we for ? doug vick : you shave Alan 's eyebrow off the night before graduation ! stu oh yeah ! that be hilarious ! and remember when I black out at homecome and you write on my face with permanent marker ?! that be awesome ! what would you write again ? alan &amp ; doug &amp ; vick " respect I ! " they all laugh . stu throw he arm around Doug , nostalgic . stu ahh , good time , man . good time ... vick we will be good tonight , Doug . alan seriously , man , we be you friend . stu yeah , we have totally grow up since then . Doug look at they , highly dubious , then hoist he glass . doug well then ... to a night we will never forget . they clink glass , shoot they shot , and smash CUT to : the next morning shaft of white desert sunlight pour into 14 . the dean martin suite the camera follow a live chicken as it walk through the totalled suite . Furniture be break , the minibar ransacke , and the floor be cover with remnant of the night before : empty beer can , plateful of room service food , a cowboy hat , the gideon Bible , half - eat skinless mango , a bra , a battle axe , etc . snoring on the couch , wear only he jeans and one shoe , the word asshole write in sharpie across he chest , be stu . title card : " saturday , 11:15 am " the chicken strut across the top of the couch , until it reach a plastic coin cup from bellagio block its path . beat . then the chicken peck it off ...onto stu . the cup hit stu in the face , and stale beer splashes all over he . stu spastically jerk awake and flip off the couch , onto a pile of newspaper . pile of newspaper oww ! get off ! get off ! Jesus ! confused , stu clamber off the pile of newspaper -- to find vick sleep underneath , on the floor , fully dress . vick pull himself onto the couch , clearly in pain . vick damn , dude , why be you retarded ? both man be ragingly hungover . a long beat as both of they rub they face , then : vick ( cont 'd ) um , stuey ? stu yo . vick why do you have a mullet ? stu do , in fact , have a mullet haircut . but he 's too hungover to understand . stu what ? 15 . vick you know , business on top , party down the back ? stu still look confuse . this be excruciate for vick . vick ( cont 'd ) you hair , dude . you have a mullet . stu touch he hair . then he stumble into the bathroom . after a beat , we hear he voice : stu ( o.s. ) dude ... I have a mullet . then we hear alan' voice in the bathroom , groggy : alan ( o.s. ) just give I ten more minute , beck ... stu ( o.s. ) whoa , do you sleep in the tub ? beat , then stu poke he head out of the bathroom . stu ( cont 'd ) check it out : Alan sleep in the tub . vick get he up . I be hungry . stu disappear back into the bathroom . we hear the shower turn on . beat . then we hear Alan slowly awaken : alan ( o.s. ) wet. Water . Jesus , what 's --?! there 's a thud as Alan fall out of tub . beat . then stu and a very confuse , very hungover , very wet Alan stumble out of the bathroom . Alan appear to be wear he polo shirt from the night before . only , as we pull back , we see that he shirt be cut off at he chest -- he 's naked from there down . vick Jesus , dude , put away you sack . Alan look down at he hairy nakedness , totally bewilder . 16 . stu yeah , and it might be time for some manscape , bro . you bush look like yanni . Alan look back up again , squinting , hungover . alan what do we do last night ? CUT to : int . hallway -- moment later the guy , now dress , stagger out of they suite moment later . stu walk incredibly bow-legge , like a aging cowboy . stu dude , why be my ass kill I ...? int . elevator -- moment later look like crap , the guy silently descend in the elevator . bing ! the elevator open to expose a nice - looking couple wait to get on . they see the guy and immediately step away from the elevator . man we will ... we will get the next one . the door close . the guy continue to descend . beat . vick we might not smell very good . the guy shake they head , yeah , no . dissolve to : int . mandalay BAY -- breakfast buffet -- day the guy slouch in a booth , shoveling mass of buffet food into they mouth , wash it down with huge mug of coffee . stu this might be the worst hangover anyone have ever have , ever . alan I can not taste anything . 17 . vick please stop talk . if I do not focus on eat I be go to throw up all over myself . the guy nod , right . they keep eat . after a long while : alan hey ... be we miss something ? the guy all slowly look around . then stu point at Alan : stu yes : I leave my hat in the room -- thank you , Alan . they continue eat . Alan look up again , still troubled . alan no . that 's not it ... there 's something else ... vick nod at stu as he stuff food in he mouth . vick you gonna finish that cruller ? stu shake he head , no . vick take it , pack it into he already stuff mouth . then Alan realize : alan doug. guy , where 's Doug ? the guy look around . hunh . stu yeah . he 's not here . vick probably leave he in the room . vick pull out he cell phone , start dial . vick ( cont 'd ) I will call he cell . then a phone ring in stu 's pocket . he answer : stu good morning , this be stu ? vick it 's I , meatdick . 18 . stu ( to Alan , concerned ) it 's vick -- then stu realize . oh . stu ( cont 'd ) this be Doug 's phone . vick nod , ya . he 's already dial another number . alan you call the room ? vick nod , uh-huh . he let it ring , rub he temple . then he hang up . vick no answer . vick go back to eat . Alan frown . alan ummm ... should not we look for he ? check - out be in like ten minute . stu yeah , and we tell Tracy we would have Doug back to LA by five . vick just look at both of they , he mouth full of food : vick I be eab . alan what a asshole . stu , check the pool and the casino , I will check the room and the gym . maybe he 's work out or something ... stu nod , and they slowly slide out of the booth . alan ( cont 'd ) and vick , if you could keep a close eye on the buffet , that would be really helpful . thanks , man . Alan and stu saunter off . vick yell after they , mouth full : vick he's fime ! you're oberweacting ! 19 . vick scowl , and angrily take Alan 's last cruller . CUT to : int . dean martin suite -- moment later Alan weave through the totalled suite , half -awake . alan Doug ...? Doug ...? wake up , man . Alan enter the bedroom where Doug sleep , and stop . it take he a second to realize what 's wrong : the bed be missing there be four indentation on the carpet where it once lay . Alan scratch he head . alan that 's weird ... CUT to : ext . mandalay BAY -- pool -- day stu , walk bow -legge , squinting painfully in the bright sun , try to inspect everyone lie around the huge pool . Doug ? Doug ? several hot women in bikinis sit up , disgust ! stu no , no . it 's cool , I be a dad . it 's totally cool ... CUT to : int . gym -- day Alan stumble through the gym , look for Doug . the place be pack with fit people , work out . Alan mumble to himself : alan I hate you all ... CUT to : int . casino floor -- nickel slot stu wander through the casino , call out , incredibly loud : stu doug ! doug ! two gay men in identical tank top pass by , hold hand . 20 . gay man hey stu. stu hey guy . doug ! doug --! then stu register what just happen . he stop and turn around -- enh ? -- but the gay man be go . before he can comment , however , he see vick and Alan talk to atashir at the reception desk he slowly bow -leg himself over . stu you find Doug ? alan no , I assume you do not either ? stu shake he head , no . then atashir hang up he phone . atashir there be no Doug billing at any of the area hospital , morgue , or police station . the guy frown , start to grow worried . stu maybe he go for a jog ? alan dude . it 's 120 degree outside . stu or shopping ? the guy just look at he like : you be a idiot . alan great . so we have officially lose Doug . his wedding be in what , 22 hour ? vick relax , it 's Doug , he 's probably crash out on someone 's couch right now . all we have to do be retrace we step from last night , and we will find he . 21 . alan okay , so last night ... the guy wince , try to remember . it 's painful to think . vick well , we start on the roof ... alan right , that be like , 6ish ...? vick then ... I think ... we have steak at the Palm ? alan yeah . then ...we play crap at the hard rock ... maybe ? vick that sound right ... stu throw up he arm , already give up . stu okay , honestly ? I do not even remember go to dinner . vick I vaguely recall ... do body shot .... at some point ? be that ... maybe ? alan I be pretty much blank after the hard rock . vick I think we go to the flamingo after that ...? and then , I just remember a lot of blue light ... and the overpower smell of baby oil . alan so that be what , 10ish ? vick give or take . stu be Doug still with we ? vick rub he temple , try to fight through the hangover . 22 . vick yes . yes . Doug be with we . I tackle he ... for some reason . the guy nod , okay , okay . alan okay . so we only have a 13 hour window where we could have lose he . they guy frown . shit . stu put he hand into he pocket , think ... then he feel something . a matchbook . he pull it out . it 's from the flamingo nightclub . stu hey ! look , we be at the flamingo . a long beat of silence ... then the guy hurry to a empty blackjack table and start empty they pocket of the detritus from the night before . they find matchbook , receipt , room key , a valet ticket ... alan ATM receipt from the Rio at 10:37 -- ( read it ) for 600 dollar ?! vick the valet ticket say we return here at 4:57am . stu we drive last night ? the guy wince , jesus ... alan here 's a receipt from sbarro . the meal be comp for some reason -- vick why do we have a matchbook from the Golden pony all male revue ? the guy exchange a look , alarmed . alan someone could have give that to we . 23 . stu ( laugh , nervous ) yeah , totally ! there 's no way we go there ! we be not gay ! hahaha ! they frown , then stare at all the clue line up on the blackjack table . alan I think we should call Tracy . vick absolutely not . alan what if Doug call she ? she might know where he be . stu shift uncomfortably , tenderly adjust he ass . stu yeah , I be with Alan on this one . vick of course you be with Alan , you be both gutless coward . but we be not call Tracy . you never call the bride from the bachelor party . ever . if my ball be on fire and Tracy be sit next door with a tall glass of water , I still would not call she . it 's a rule . alan but should not we at least tell she we be gonna be get home late ? vick she have a watch , she will figure it out . alan I think I be beginning to see why you be always single . vick and I think I be beginning to see why you be always a douche -- stu ( clutching he ass ) guy , wait . I need you help -- oh my God -- like right now . come on . 24 . alan Jesus , what be it ? CUT to : int . bathroom -- moment later vick and Alan unhappily stand in the lavish , gold - ensconse men' room , watch stu painfully undo he jeans . vick I can not believe we be do this . stu you do not have to look up my butt , just at it . something be terribly , terribly wrong ... stu 's jeans fall to the ground -- and everyone freeze . he 's wear a snug fluorescent pink g-string with " I roger " write vertically down the front . in glitter . alan sweet mother of mercy ... vick who 's Roger ? stu I - i- I do not know ?! what do you think it mean ?! vick what do I think it mean ? well , Stuart , you ass be all tear up and you be wear thong underwear declare you love for another dude -- I do not think we need the CSI team for this one ! you get ream last night , man ! stu cover he mouth , horrify ! alan I be sure there 's a perfectly logical explanation for this ... stu really ?! what ?! Alan try to think of one . 25 . alan yeah , maybe there be not . vick look , I be sure Roger be a very nice , considerate young man - - stu oh my God , guy : what if I be gay ?! vick come on , stu , you be nowhere near cool enough . stu ( gasp , realize ) I do watch Dancing with the star with the kid ! alan oh god , that do not mean you be gay . vick but sort of ... it do ? stu grow increasingly frantic . stu and once , I catch myself gaze at a topless photo of David beckham ! alan so what , he 's a great - look dude -- stu and then I have that weird feeling for vick that time in middle school , remember ?! everyone stop . vick most of all . vick um , what ? stu yeah , that weekend we be all camp -- I tell you this . vick yeah , no you do not . stu I do not ? 26 . vick I think I would remember , dude . alan yeah , I think we would all remember . stu yeah . I have weird feeling for you that weekend . like really hot , really gay feeling . but then they go away . vick be just look at he , stunne . alan wait -- I be there that weekend . do you have gay feeling for I ? vick unbelievable . alan what ?! I be a good-look kid ! vick please , you be so not he type ! stu wait , what ? just then , a father and he young son enter the men' room and see stu stand there , pants down , in he G string ... vick look , stu , one homosexual experience do not mean you be permanently gay , okay ? a lot of guy test the water . ... the father and son wheel right back around and exit . alan all right , we be scare the child . let 's go . the guy head for the door . stu quickly pull up he pants . stu wait -- so have either of you test the water ? vick no ! we be not gay ! 27 . stu look highly confuse as he follow they out onto the casino floor the guy power through the crowded casino , towards the exit . stu try to keep up , genuinely concerned . stu how be I go to tell my wife ? vick quickly , and from a great distance . Alan 's hand accidentally hit a brass railing and clink ... stu Jesus , what kind of father be I ? Alan 's hand clink against the railing again , and this time it register . Alan look down -- and stop cold . alan oh my God . stu ( really scared ) you think Erin will try to take the kid --? alan oh...my ... God . vick ( turn , annoyed ) what now ? Alan hold up the source of he clinking : on he ring finger be a huge , tacky , silver wedding ring with a unicorn on it . stu ( not get it ) cool ring . also , my dad be gonna have a field day with this . vick , however , recognize the implication of the ring , and start back towards Alan . vick oh my God ... oh my God ... stu what 's the big - -? ( finally realize ) oh! oh ! oh ! 28 . Alan steady himself against a slot machine , and shakily take off the massive unicorn ring . stu ( cont 'd ) maybe it 's not a wedding ring ? alan ( read inscription ) " to my Noble husband , Alan . " the guy eye bulge , oh shit ! stu this be worse than my underwear ! vick take the ring and read the rest of the inscription : vick " now &amp ; forever wedding Chapel . " they guy exchange a look . vick ( cont 'd ) well , at least it 's a lead . beat . then Alan turn and throws up all over the slot machine . nearby octogenarian slot player look over , disgust -- but continue play they nickel . CUT to : ext . mandalay BAY -- valet stand -- day the three guy exit the hotel look like crap . vick hand he ticket to the valet . Alan chew mint gum . vick so , we go to the wedding chapel , we find out what we do with Doug , we recover he , and we be back in LA before sundown . easy as stu 's ass . no one laugh . tense silence as they wait for the car . stu check it out , some idiot throw he bed out the window last night . stu point over at a huge stone griffin in front of the hotel with a entire bed impale upon its ear . alan that be we , dude . 29 . stu really ? alan yeah , there 's no bed in Doug 's room . stu ( frowning ) oh. well , I be sure we have a good reason for do it . ( beat ) you think they will charge we for --? alan yeah , stu , I really do . vick guy , relax . everything 's gonna be cool ... just then the valet drive up in vick destroyed cadillac the exterior be scratch and filthy , like it 's be off - roading . the hubcap be go , as be the front passenger side door . a wisp of steam trail up from under the hood . the guy just stand there , agape . stu you okay , vick ? vick I be not emotionally prepare to talk about it just yet , Stuart , but thank you . vick don he sunglass and head for he destroy car ... dissolve to : the guy rolling down the strip in they ridiculous car . Cars full of family , cute girl , even nun , point and stare . we guy just face forward , each quietly suffer in they own personal Hell . alan seriously : what be I gonna tell Becky ? for 14 year she 's be begging I to get marry ... 30 . vick well , now you do . just not to she . Alan glower at the city go by ... then he sit up -- alan wait , be that homeless guy wear Doug 's shirt ? the guy turn to see a homeless guy weaving down the sidewalk in Doug 's distinctive orange shirt from the night before . once they pass , the guy exchange a look . stu naaah . vick yeah , that be a different shirt . Alan do not look so sure . they drive in silence . then : vick ( cont 'd ) Left turn . stu , sit shotgun , brace against the empty doorframe so as not to fall out of the car as they turn leave ... ext . now &amp ; forever wedding chapel -- day sitting in a East Vegas strip mall , sandwich between a laundromat and a pawn shop , be the pink now &amp ; forever wedding Chapel . the cadillac park in the lot out front . int . now &amp ; forever wedding chapel -- day everything in the small , tacky wedding chapel be white plastic . White plastic plant , white plastic cross , white plastic chair . the guy enter . alan what if they do not remember we --? voice behind they aaaayyyyy ! the guy turn to find the hirsute owner of the chapel , steve gianopolus , 40' , in a tight white suit , he arm spread wide . Steve be all Vegas , by way of Long Island . steve how be you , you dumb bastard ?! 31 . he warmly hug the guy . they have zero memory of he , and it show as they hug back weakly , unfamiliar ... steve ( cont 'd ) carla , get you fat ass out here ! alan and the boy be here ! ( to the guy ) you here to pick up you wedding photo ?! Alan start to decline , when -- vick do the pope wear a funny hat ?! let 's do this thing ! Steve cackle and guide they over to a table ; Alan scowl . steve and where be chastity today ? they all sit on white plastic chair . alan w- who 's ... chastity ? steve ( laughing ) you wife , man - -! aww , you be just break my ball ! Alan look ill . laugh , Steve retrieve a folder and start lay out a series of wedding photo on the table . vick eagerly peruse they , enjoy this . vick uh , it be such a lovely ceremony , be not it ? steve Hand to God , I have never see two people more in love ! vick sadly , I believe you ... the guy look at the photo of Alan 's wedding from the night before . they be typical wedding shot , only the guy be all wear medieval costume , sword , bow , tight , even armor . they look incredibly happy -- and incredibly drunk . the next photo be of Alan and he busty blonde bride . she 's have a blast in a white medieval gown and tiara . 32 . vick ( cont 'd ) hello , chastity ... Alan just close he eye , oh God . alan I be never ... ever ... drink again . stu Jesus , she be stack . vick stu , please , show some class . that 's Alan 's wife you be talk about . stu ( to Alan , guilty ) sorry . she look really nice . but Alan be too busy gape at the next photo , of he and chastity atop a unicorn in the chapel . ( it be , of course , a rent pony with a lame horn strapped to its head . ) alan we get a unicorn ?! steve oh , yeah , you get the entire double camelot Package . Alan just rub he temple , oh no . alan a - and how much do that cost ? steve 7 thousand dollar . Alan close he eye . stu and vick exchange a look , no way ! steve ( cont 'd ) yeah , you do not want to get it , either , but vick insisted . beat . then Alan pounce across the table at vick ! alan I be gonna kill you ! vick ( fend he off ) you can not put a pricetag on love , Alan ! ow ! you just can not ! 33. stu hop up and start pull Alan off of vick . voice behind they stop fighting immediately ! the guy straighten like schoolboy as Steve 's wife carla , 40' , enter . she 's wear a toga , smoking a menthol , and dolly in several large cardboard box . then she grin : carla ahhh ! I be just busting you nut ! she lower the dolly and hurry over for hug . carla ( cont 'd ) good to see you , you stupid mook ! stu and Alan force smile , no idea who this woman be . vick , on the other hand , step forward and hug she tightly . vick it 's good to be see , carla . it 's good to be see . carla I bring the rest of you package . carla begin unload thing from the cardboard box . carla ( cont 'd ) first : two dozen commuter mug ... she unpack 24 commuter mug with Alan and chastity 's photo emblazon on they . Alan wince , oh god . stu grab one : stu no way ! awesome ! steve a hundred dvd of the ceremony ... she lay out the stack of dvd . vick nod at Alan : vick for you and chastity to watch on you anniversary ... Alan just clenches he jaw , I fuck hate you . carla the velvet wall hang ... she pull out a six foot air-brush velvet wall hanging of Alan and chastity riding the unicorn together in outer space . 34 . vick and it look like real velvet , Alan , so no machine wash , okay ? carla and the big finish : vick and stu do a drumroll on the table , excited ... then carla pull out a four foot bronze shield with a bas - relief of Alan and chastity making out on it . Alan just close he eye . stu holy crap ! vick dude , you have a shield ! stu I want a shield ! vick I too ! hey , can stu and I get a shield ? alan I do not suppose you have any sort of return policy , do you ? steve um ... if you know another couple who look exactly like you guy , and who want two dozen commuter mug , a wall hang , and a shield ... sure . Alan scowl . then he cellphone ring . he angrily answer it without look at the caller id . alan what . we hear someone yelling at he . Alan 's eye bulge . alan ( cont 'd ) oh , hey Becky ! hi ! he step away to take the call . vick explain to carla : vick that 's he girlfriend of 14 year . I be sure this will only take a minute ... 35 . vick and stu go back to look at the wedding photo as Alan try to talk to he furious girlfriend . intercut with : becky in she Laura Ashley bedroom , angrily pack up she suitcase . she 's beautiful and preppy in pearl and a sweater set . becky can you tell I why all the goddamn credit card be max out ?! alan no ! i- I have no idea --! then vick call over from the white plastic table , piss : vick hey alan , how come I wasn't you best man , dude ! stu yeah , what the hell , I either ! why'd you pick doug ?! Alan wave at they , shut the hell up ! but Becky have hear . becky " you best man ? ! " what 's go on there , Alan ?! alan nothing ! baby , nothing , the guy be just be dick ! vick hey alan , you want all you wallet - size wedding photo , or can I bogart a few ?! Alan furiously flip they off , shut up ! becky I really do not appreciate be mock right now , Alan , especially about wedding - related issue . you know how hard this weekend be go to be for I . alan I know , baby ! I know -- 36 . becky so you will call the credit card company and straighten this out ? alan yes . I will . I promise . becky okay . okay ... ( beat , calming ) look , sorry I be so tense ... I will see you soon , okay ? Love you . but Alan be just stare at the bronze shield of he make out with he blonde bombshell wife ... becky ( cont 'd ) Alan ? hello ? I say I love you ?! alan yes , no , I love you too ! Becky hang up , roll she eye , unbelievable . stay with alan as he close he cellphone . exhales . stu hey , how 's Becky do , man ?! vick yeah , do she ask about we ?! off of Alan 's hate - fill glare , we CUT to : steve and the guy schlepping all of the wedding crap through the strip mall parking lot , back to they car . Alan sullenly carry the giant bronze shield . stu look on the bright side , Alan . vick find a great clue . vick turn out Doug be in all the wedding photo , which mean -- if the time stamp be right -- we have he in we possession until 11 pm . 37 . stu that 's another hour of last night that we can account for . be not that great ? alan ( bitterly sarcastic ) amazing . vick hey , Steve , you do not happen to know where we be head when we leave here last night , do you ? steve well , the double camelot Package come with a five course wedding feast , so I assume you go there . stu great -- where be the feast ? steve sbarro , over in the fremont mall . CUT to : alan ( v.o. ) I pay 7 grand for sbarro ?! int . vick car -- moment later the beatup caddy be pack with wedding crap . vick be busy try to reverse the overload car out of the parking spot . stu 's in the backseat with the huge shield , while Alan seethes up front . vick you negativity be like a little black cloud over we car , Alan . you have get to let go of this . alan let go of what , exactly , vick ?! the fact that I marry a complete stranger last night ? or that my girlfriend 's about to leave I ? or that I be break ? which one ?! vick you be break ? I think you be load -- 38 . alan I know you think it 's like terminally uncool to be in a commit relationship , vick , but I actually love Becky , okay ? ( sincere ) i- I honestly do not know what I would do without she ... I really do not ... Alan look off , lose , sick . vick stop the car short . vick Alan . honey . have you consider , even for a second , that maybe the thing we do when we be drunk be what we secretly want to do ? alan ( drip with sarcasm ) yeah , no , you be absolutely right , vick , I have always secretly want to marry a bottle blonde with big fake melon tit name chastity ! stu I be not mad atcha , dude ... vick or , after 14 year , maybe you do not have the ball to leave Becky , and this be you way of get she to leave you . alan I be go to propose to she this weekend , you jackass ! vick all the more reason to freak out . Alan open he mouth to respond , but nothing come out . vick nod , chew on that , and continue slowly reversing the car . vick ( cont 'd ) I love you , Alan mervish , I do , but you have always have a major pole up you ass . maybe last night be you inner cool person try to get out - alan I swear to God , vick , if you say one more word to I , I will destroy you . 39 . stu guy , come on , let 's not use we angry word -- smash ! a baseball bat shatter the windshield ! the guy all jump ! vick slam on the brake ! vick what the --?! they look up to see two massive samoan men in loud Hawaiian shirt , kalolo fanalua and kikiolani , 30' , stand on either side of the car . and they look piss . kalolo fanalua get out of the car , vick . stu and Alan recoil in terror . stu who be this guy ?! vick stu , please . ( to kalolo fanalua ) I think there 's be some sort of mistake , mister ...? kalolo fanalua I be Mr. shut the Hell up and get the Hell outta the car , and this be my associate , Mr. smash you in the teeth if you say another Word . vick ( beat , to Alan ) that so be not they real name . alan vick , do not be a dick --! vick Alan ? relax . this man be not go to hurt we . they be from Hawaii . smash ! smash ! smash ! kikiolani start viciously smash the car ! kalolo fanalua we be from guam , bitch ! now get outta the car ! 40 . vick okay , okay ! cool it with the bat ! Jesus , why be everyone try to kill my car ...? vick undoe he seatbelt and reach for he door handle . kikiolani lower he bat -- and vick throw the door open , right into he nut ! the huge samoan stagger back , owww , and vick slam he door shut and floors it out of there in reverse ! the caddy sideswipe a car , hop the curb , and land on the street ! they squeal away , the huge bronze shield fly out of the backseat as they do ! it clatter on the pavement ... ext . east vega STREET -- continuous vick drive like the wind , try to see around the huge spiderweb in the windshield . Alan and stu be freaking out . alan why would you do that ?! vick ( incredulous ) really ? stu maybe they just want to talk ! vick I honestly do not know how you two be still alive . alan do you think we steal something from they last night ?! stu oh my god I be such a bad dad ! alan ( produce cellphone ) I be call the police . this be get way out of control -- vick no ! no cop ! alan " no cop ? ! " who be you , fitty cent ?! 41 . stu yeah , vick , what 's go on ? vick nothing ! I just think we should focus on find Doug and not get distract by every little thing ! alan every little thing ?! we be just assault by the yakuza ! vick oh please , that guy be from guam . get a grip . alan they know you name , vick ! which mean they probably know who stu and I be , too ! stu if anything ever happen to my family , vick ... vick Fine . let 's just go back to the hotel -- Doug be probably back from wherever he spend the night , we will get he , we will straighten out whatever we do to that angry samoan , then we will get the hell back to LA , okay ? Left turn . vick angrily take a harder - than - necessary leave turn . Alan hang on tight , almost fly out of the car . CUT to : title card : " saturday , 2:26 pm " int . dean martin suite -- day the boy hurry into they room , stress . vick Doug ? Doug ? Alan quickly check the room phone . alan no message . 42 . stu come on , let 's toss the place . Alan start wading through the crap in the live room , while vick and stu head off to check the bedroom ... int . bedroom stu brushes aside beer bottle and room service dish , look for anything relevant . he spot a legal contract on the ground . pick it up . stu hey , check it out , vick ! I invest 30 grand in you custard store last night ! vick call from the other bedroom . vick ( o.s. ) smart move , man . stu open the closet door -- and freeze . stu hey , you wanna come in here a sec ?! vick enter a moment later to find stu stare into the closet . vick follow he gaze and see a sexy woman snore away on the closet floor , she blonde hair obscure she face . vick whoa . stu you think she 's what that guamian dude want ? vick no . I think she 's Alan 's wife . stu cover he mouth , oh shit ! vick produce the wallet - size photo from Alan 's wedding , compare they , and nod . vick ( cont 'd ) Alan ? wanna step in here , buddy ? a second later Alan enter , what 's up ? vick ( cont 'd ) Alan , chastity . chastity , Alan . Alan look down , see chastity snoring on the closet floor , she body all contort , and freeze . oh my God . 43. alan what ... what be I suppose to do ? stu wake she up , man ! alan why I ?! vick because she 's you spouse , dude ! scowl , Alan slowly crouch down . then , a little scared , he nudge she . nothing . he nudge she harder . vick ( cont 'd ) pinch she tit . it always work . Alan shake she a bit harder and -- brrapppp -- the girl let out a massive burp and awaken , coughing . Alan jump back up , terrify . the woman , chastity , look around , disorient . chastity dang , do I sleep in the closet again ...? then she notice the guy stare down at she . she smile , recognize they : chastity ( cont 'd ) oh hey , guy ! what 's up ? she shakily climb to she foot to expose a skimpy skirt , a snug tube top , and mascara smear all over she face . the guy have no idea what to say . she kiss Alan on the cheek , very intimate -- like , well , a husband and wife . chastity ( cont 'd ) Morning , honey ... she exit into the live room , pick she wedgie . beat . Alan be speechless . stu she seem really cool . vick yeah , I really like she , man . 44 . int . dean martin suite -- live room chastity gather she belonging -- jacket , purse , G string -- from around the totalled live room . the guy file in . vick so , um , do you take Alan 's name ? stu yeah , be you chastity mervish now --? alan listen to I . just ... do we , or do we not , have sex last night ? Alan brace , please say no , please say no ... vick brace , please say yes , please say yes ... chastity well ...ya ? Alan slump , he life over . vick pump he fist , yes ! chastity ( cont 'd ) but we wait till we be marry . Alan groans . vick what a responsible , upstand young Jew . they do not make `em like that anymore , be I right ? chastity smile , sweet , as she strap on she 6 inch heel . chastity I know -- he even want to use a rubber . Alan break into a coughing fit . alan wait - - we do not use a condom ?! chastity it 's cool , I sponge . Alan lean against a wall , dizzy . alan can someone ... please open a window ? 45 . stu turn and try to open a window . no luck . stu they do not open . chastity so you guy do not remember any of last night ? vick yeah , not so much . chastity hey , be there before , right ? ( grab she sizable bra ) suck , though . the wedding be really fun . I be bum you do not remember it , Alan . she smile , a little sadden . stu whisper to Alan : stu dude , I think you wife 's mad at you . vick you do not happen to remember what time we meet you last night , do you ? chastity sure , we meet at the bar at like 10:00 ? then we get marry on my smoke break , which be like 11:00 ? vick it 's the all - american love story , be not it ? what happen next ? chastity well , I have to go back to work . but when I get off at 5:30 , I meet up with you guy back here . vick and be Doug with we then ? chastity no . vick interesting ... do you have any idea where we go after the wedding ? 46 . chastity no , but I bet some of my work friend do . you be party with they pretty hard . stu work friend ? smash CUT to : stripper dozen of `em , dance , grind , shimmy on pole . int . crazy horse gentlemen' club -- day chastity lead the guy through Vegas 's most notorious Strip Club , the crazy horse . it 's bacchanalia writ large , complete with throbbing music , flash strobe light , and six stage of spin flesh . the place be mobbed with patron . Alan follow after chastity , horrify . alan you work here ? behind he , vick slap five with stu , psyched . chastity yeah -- and this be the pole where we first meet ! she stop at a pole , around which a brunette stripper currently spin . Alan look ill . chastity ( cont 'd ) it 's always be my lucky pole ... alan look , I do not know how to tell you this , but -- chastity hey platinum , check it out ! she hold up she hand , show off alan' grandmother' ring to the stripper currently upside - down on the pole . platinum the stripper get it , girl ! chastity come on , let 's go meet my bridesmaid ! 47 . she hurry off , but Alan can not move . stu dude . vick I know . alan the holocaust , man . Alan just stare into space . vick take he by the shoulder . vick look , we can get you grandmother 's ring back . we just gotta go about it in the right way . alan I have besmirch my people . stu do not be so hard on yourself , dude -- just then chastity run back over with two blonde stripper . chastity this be my bridesmaid , anastasia and Starr ! starr hey , boy ! good to see you again ! anastasia mazel tov--! alan please ... do not . just then a spotlight find chastity and Alan , and the sleazy ponytailed dj up in the booth come over the p.a. system : strip club d.j. okay , guy ! let' give a crazy horse shout - out to our happy new couple , chastity and alannnn ! the entire club cheer ! chastity hold up she wedding ring and dance around , woo hoo ! Alan wave meekly . thanks . stripper d.j. in honor of there MARRIAGE , we 're do two -for -one lapdance ! two song for twenty buck ! 48 . the dj put on nine inch Nails ' " I want to fuck you like a Animal " and the club get hopping again . chastity oh my God , he 's play we song ! ( giddy , to Alan ) this song be play when we meet , remember ?! you keep slide twenty into my thong and say " I will always love you . I will always love you . " Alan close he eye . alan twenties ? chastity yeah , it be so sweet ... alan look , I do not know how to say this , but my friend and I be very drunk last night . we would never come to a place like this -- he glance over at vick and stu -- but they be go . alan ( cont 'd ) guy ? CUT to : vick and stu toasting shot of jagermeister and down they . pull back to see that they be sit in the champagne room get lapdance from starr and anastasia . the Champagne room be a dark , plush private suite in the back of the crazy horse where stripper ply they craft ; the room be half full . vick watch Starr lean over and make out with anastasia . vick you be the best bridesmaid ever . stu ( huge boob in he face ) dude : I might not be gay . then Alan hurry in with chastity ; he look piss . 49 . alan what the hell be you do ?! vick two-for-one , man . alan we do not have time for this ! we gotta find Doug ! vick what do you think we be do ? alan what ? vick we be get into the mindset of last night , to see if it spark any memory . ( to he stripper ) now : be this exactly how you be dance for I last night , Starr ? she nod . vick nod , pensive , scientific . vick ( cont 'd ) yeah , still no memory . keep go -- and put you back into it . alan you be so goddamn selfish , vick . you really be . stu , let 's go . vick no. stu , sit and enjoy you dance . stu look between they , tear . alan dude : Doug be miss ! we have less than 18 hour till he wedding ! we do not have time for this ! vick I be try to save you life here , Alan mervish . alan vick --! 50 . vick I be not kid , man ! life be one long series of emergency , and if you do not learn to stop and have a little fun along the way , you be gonna grow into a joyless old prick like you dad . I be sorry to bring moshe mervish into it , but it have to be say . now yes , we have 18 hour to find Doug -- which mean we can afford to spend ten minute celebrate the special talent of this gift young body -artist . so sit down , have a jager shot , and smell the goddamn rose for once in you miserable life . chastity , honey ? when you be ready ? chastity push Alan onto the red leather banquette and start dance for he . he try to squirm away : alan no , look -- I be like totally against this , morally and politically . plus Becky specifically ask I not to -- smash CUT to : alan sitting on the banquette , looking awestruck as chastity work a wildly erotic lapdance on he . she crawl onto he lap , she whip he with she long hair , she put she tongue in he ear . next to he , no longer get lapdance , vick and stu just sit , stare at chastity , entrance . stu I think I know why he marry she . vick because if he have not , I would have . they continue watch on in silence . stu be it weird that we be sit this close watch ? vick not for I . more watch in silence . 51 . stu I really should not be here . I have daughter . then both of they head angle the same way . vick not that can do that . stu how can she do that without dislocate she hip ? vick because she 's be touch by God . they continue stare , amaze . just then , the door be kick open and kikiolani and kalolo fanalua burst into the Champagne room , peer through the darkness , look for we guy . vick and stu see they immediately . vick ( cont 'd ) shit . they both hop up . Alan remain sit , however , hypnotize by chastity . vick grab he . vick ( cont 'd ) Alan , come on , man , we gotta go ! alan whoa , whoa , I be smell the rose -- vick literally yank Alan up from the banquette . vick come on , man ! we get company ! finally , the guamian spot the guy and lumber for they ! vick ( cont 'd ) chastity , honey , be there a back way out of here ?! think fast , chastity grab she clothes and dart over to a darken , unlabel FIRE door . chastity come on ! the guy race after she ... 52 . int . crazy horse -- back hallway chastity and the guy sprint through the bright , crowded back hallway of the crazy horse , weaving through stripper , cocktail waitress , and barback . behind they , the two massive samoan try to follow , but be slowed by all the foot traffic . stripper scream as they be bowl over by the obese islander . int . crazy horse -- MAIN stage a spotlight hold on a close curtain cover the main stage . some sort of techno limp bizkit song be play . stripper d.j. ( o.s. ) annnd on stage one , put you hand together for ... double staxxx ! all the patron turn they attention to stage one -- then stu blow through the curtain , out of breath . beat . the patron look at stu , confuse . stu look at they , equally so . the patron start to booo , just as vick , chastity , and Alan blow through the curtain after stu . chastity come on ! chastity , in six inch leucite heel , sprint down the main runway , leap over the patron sit at the end , and hit the floor run ! stu do she just do that in heel ?! vick I be really start to like this girl . the guy all follow suit , sprinting down the runway and leaping over the patron ! then the guamian blow through the curtain , panting , very upset . they lumber down the stage -- and the patron at the end of the runway clear the hell out of the way . chastity and the guy race through the strip club upsetting cocktail , hopping onto stage and then off again , leaping over chair , spin around stripper pole , and , finally , sprinting out the front door ! 53. the massive guamian give chase , leave a wide trail of destruction behind they , like two elephant trample through a forest . just as they be blow out of the door , however , they 're clotheslined by two chair be swing into they chest ! smash ! they both stumble backwards , and then four roid - up strip club security guard pounce on they , wrestle they to the ground . crazy horse security guard ( to walkie talkie ) viper one , this be Rolling Thunder , we have subdued the target , over . ext . crazy horse -- day chastity and the guy hurry around the corner from the crazy horse , laugh , exhilated from the chase . stu do you see they trample that tiny japanese businessman ?! I think they kill like four of they ! everyone laugh . vick put he arm around Alan . vick come on , Alan : tell I that be not just a little fun ... alan that be ... a little fun . vick smile -- just as a las vega police car hop the curb , light flash , and cut they off ! two mustachioe cop get out and hurry for they , point , intense . las vega policeman Victor Lennon ?! Alan mervish ?! Stuart pryce ?! stu ( scare ) y- yes ?! las vega policeman you be come with we . CUT to : 54 . int . las vega police station -- interrogation room -- day the two lvpd cop , officer merriweather and officer bladen , 40' , pace about this bare interrogation room , while vick , Alan and stu sit behind the cold metal table . vick look tense , but in control . stu and Alan be sweat , terrify . they have clearly be here a while . officer merriweather where be you last night at 3 be ? vick no idea . officer bladen okay , how about at 2 be ? vick ditto . Officer bladen slam the table with he fist . officer merriweather you think this be cute , son ?! you think this be a game ?! alan whatever we do , we be so sorry ! stu honestly , man , I will confess to anything you want ! vick stu : stop talk . Alan : sit up straight . Officer merriweather , I have tell you twelve time now : we have no memory of last night . now either charge we with a crime , or let we go . merriweather scowl and nod at bladen , who step over to a television and turn it on . merriweather , meanwhile , pull out a photograph of a slick asian man in a red suit , slide it onto the table . officer merriweather what do you know about Jimmy lang ? vick flinch ever-so-slightly , clearly know something . stu and Alan just look at the photograph , confuse . 55 . alan nothing ? stu who be he ? officer merriweather Jimmy lang run the infamous shiang - xi crime organization , and be want in seven state for money launder , drug smuggle , racketeer and murder . alan oh my god -- stu do we kill someone last night --?! vick we have no idea who this man be . officer merriweather be that right ? vick yeah , that 's right . on the television , grainy surveillance camera footage of a birthday party start play . in the video , jimmy lang sit in a upscale restaurant , in front of a birthday cake , as a table full of hip asian guy serenade he with " happy birthday to you . " when the guy sit next to Jimmy lean forward to help he blow out the candle on he cake , however , we see that it 's vick , alan , stu , doug , and some black guy , all very drunk ! vick &amp ; alan &amp ; stu &amp ; doug ( on tape ) happy birthday dear jimmmmy , happy birthday tooo yoooou ! everyone applaud . vick drunkenly hug Jimmy lang . vick ( on tape ) I love you , Jimmy lang ! merriweather freeze frame on vick kissing the top of Jimmy lang 's shave head . in the interrogation room , vick , stu and Alan sit , freeze . silence . 56 . stu we be in a lot of trouble , be not we . alan officer , I swear , we have no memory of that ever occur -- officer bladen okay . maybe a night in jail will jostle something loose . stu oh no , sir , please do not ! alan we have a very important wedding --! vick I know Jimmy lang . everyone stop , look at vick . alan you do ?! vick Jimmy and I try to raise capital for girl -nasium , a 24 hour fitness center and day spa for tween - age girl , but it never get off the ground . it be a entirely legitimate enterprise -- I have no idea he be a criminal . we must have bump into he last night , and he must have invite we to join he birthday celebration . no crime in that , be there , officer ? merriweather get in vick 's face , intense . officer merriweather you actually expect I to believe that dung ? vick ( unblinking ) yes , Officer merriweather . I do . officer merriweather if I find out you be lie to I , son , I will take all of you down , be that clear ? 57 . officer bladen you boy would not last three hour in prison . vick stu might . stu shake he head , unbelievable . vick ( cont 'd ) now : be you gonna charge we with something , or be we free to go ? the cop look at each other , scowling . beat . officer bladen get outta here . stu and Alan quickly hop to they foot and make for the door . alan oh , thank you , officer ! stu it be really nice meeting you --! officer merriweather if you know what 's good for you , you will get the hell out of Vegas . CUT to : ext . las vega police station -- night Day have turn to night . vick , stu , and Alan descend the step of the police station . the mood be grim . alan do you have to be such a dick ?! vick we get out , do not we ? alan yeah , four hour later ! if we would just cooperate with they -- vick if we would cooperate with they , we would be in jail right now , Alan . they reach the curb , and stu start try to hail a cab . desperation be set in . 58 . alan what be we gonna do now ? we have get zero lead on where Doug be ! stu why have not he call ? it 's 8:30 . the guy shake they head , I do not know . stu ( cont 'd ) do you think he 's okay --? vick stu , do not . Doug be fine . stu I mean , we be hang out with mobster last night , man ! they kill people for look at `em weird --! vick stu : Doug be fine . stu or what if we like drive Doug out to the desert and leave he , just as like a funny prank --?! vick stu! enough ! alan ( muttering ) I know I should not have come ... vick what do you just say ? alan I say I know I should not have come this weekend , vick ! vick ( get heat ) be that right ? alan yeah , that 's right . I only come because Doug insisted . vick step towards Alan , heat . 59 . vick why do think you be so much better than we , dude ?! alan I do not -- I just think I be better than you , vick ! and trust I , it 's not that hard ! you have not change one bit since high school ! Jesus , you be 28 year old and you still talk back to cop ?! really ?! vick you be out of you depth , Alan -- alan and you be still the one get we in trouble ! only then it be hide you weed in we locker , and now you have get we party with want felon ! it 's not cute anymore , man ! we be too old for this ! vick scowl ; this be actually hit home ... alan ( cont 'd ) and all you stupid get-rich-quick scheme ?! girl-nasium ?! custard ?! in Los Angeles ?! be you joke ?! stu okay , let 's all take a breath -- alan when 's the last time you have a real job , man ?! when 's the last time you have a girlfriend ?! Hell , when 's the last time you pick up the check ?! vick what 's so great about any of that thing ?! alan that " thing , " vick , be what grow man do ! vick swallow , furious . stu look , we be all tired and hungry -- 60 . vick none of we ever like you , Alan ! we only hang out with you because Doug make we ! Alan recoil , whoa , stung . this be clearly news to he . alan stu ...? be that true ? stu gesture , uncomfortable , enh , who 's to say ? Alan nod , I see , he face redden . vick why would anyone like you , dude ? have you ever think about that ? you be uptight , you be judgemental , you be cheap , and yet somehow you think you be sweeter than everyone else ! well look around , man : no one want to be you ! I would rather be stu than you ! stu wait , what --? too late : Alan charge vick and tackle he onto the lawn ! they roll on the ground , try to punch each other , but it end up be a mess of half - chop , pull hair , and hand in each other 's face ... alan I have ... always ... hate you ... vick you punch like ... you sister ... stu run over and jump in , try to break they apart . stu hey , no ! time out ! we all need a time out --! thunk ! stu be accidentally kick in the face and go down . Alan and vick continue roll on the lawn , try to beat the crap out of each other . they could be kid again . then , just when it start get way too intense , a car horn sound and all three of they look up to see vick beat -up cadillac park on the curb , chastity at the wheel . 61 . chastity that might not be like , the smartest place to fight ? vick and Alan look over at the huge las vega police department sign right next to they . they frown ... CUT to : ext . the coyote cantina -- night vick 's car sit park in front of a country bar . int . the coyote cantina -- night the guy sit at a booth , they hair a mess , they face bruise , they clothing rip , ravenously chow down on taco . stu 's mouth be full of food : stu good call on happy hour , chastity . this taco kick ass . chastity yeah , I always come here when I get out of jail . the guy exchange a quick look . alan hey -- how would you start vick 's car ? chastity oh , my daddy teach I how to hotwire almost anything . vick that 's funny , because Alan 's daddy teach he tax law . chastity smile , a little confuse . Alan be quick to retort : alan and vick 's daddy teach he how to get really drunk at he kid 's soccer game and then piss himself . vick it 's a disease , dude --! stu guy , come on ! for Doug ? 62 . Alan and vick angrily continue eat they taco . then stu 's phone ring . he pull it out , read the caller id . stu ( cont 'd ) " number block . " vince alan do not answer it . answer it . alan what if it 's Doug ? vick what if it 's Tracy ?! stu ( tear , answer phone ) good evening , this be stu ! intercut with : int . venice bungalow -- night it 's Tracy . she 's sit in she live room , on the phone . her stern father sit nearby , as do other family member . tracy stu , it 's Tracy ! his eye bulg , stu cover the phone and hiss : stu it 's Tracy ! vick glare at Alan . Alan look away , shit . stu ( cont 'd ) why be she call I ?! vick because she know you be the most easily trick . alan we have tell she we lose Doug . vick no we do not ! tell she nothing , stu ! stu turn back to the phone , rattle . stu hey , trace ! w- what 's go on ? 63. tracy oh , nothing , just here with my family ... stu wow , that sound amazing ! tracy yeah ...? hey , you would not happen to know where Doug be , would you ? he say he would be home by 5 for this dinner , and now it 's almost 9:00 . I try he cell , but he do not answer ... stu ummmm ........ hang on . ( cover the mouthpiece ) she want to know where Doug be ! vick I be work on it ! buy we some time ! alan no , just tell she the truth ! honesty be always the best policy ! vick what be you , retarded ?! honesty be never the best policy ! especially not with bride ! stu ( lamely , to phone ) um , what would you say ? tracy ( frowning ) I ask if you know where Doug be . stu yeah , um , hang on . ( to guy ) she still want to know ! vick okay : tell she Alan get really drunk last night and fall down , and the doctor say not to move he for a few hour , but that we will be back in time for the wedding . 64 . alan why do I have to be the one that fall over drunk ?! vick it 's a fictitious canard , Alan , get over yourself ! stu : tell she ! stu ( to phone ) listen , Tracy , Alan fall on a doctor -- vick fell over drunk . stu h- he be drunk . and the doctor -- a different doctor , not the one he fall on -- he say we could not move he until the wedding -- vick for a few hour ! we will be home before the wedding ! stu but we be go to have the wedding at you home -- Tracy just look really confuse . exasperate , vick rip the phone away from stu . vick Tracy ?! vick ! how be ya , hon ? tracy ( now very concerned ) vick , what be go on ? vick nothing ! stu be a moron . listen , Alan hurt he back last night , so we be gonna be laid up here for a bit , but I promise we will have Doug home in time for the wedding , okay ? tracy oh God , be Alan all right ? 65 . vick yes , luckily he have a steel rod surgically implant up he ass at birth , so the doctor anticipate a complete and swift recovery . Alan flip he the bird . tracy can I talk to Doug ? vick what ? no ! no , you can not actually , Doug ... Doug be out . tracy where be he ? vick where be he ? he 's aaaat ... the pharmacy . yeah , pick up Alan 's medication . listen , trace , I be lose you , but we will see you tomorrow , okay ? bye , sweetie - -! vick hang up and nod confidently . vick ( cont 'd ) she buy it . CUT to : int . venice bungalow -- night back in she bungalow , Tracy hang up the phone , frown . tracy they have do something stupid . her stern father be stand there , frown . mr. turner no surprise there . tracy dad -- mr. turner I be just say , what kind of man stand up he fiance the night before they wedding ? 66 . tracy dad , I do not want to hear it . I trust Doug absolutely . Mr. Turner back off . Tracy , however , look a bit rattle ... CUT back to : int . the coyote cantina -- night the guy get up from the booth and head for the door , grim . alan perfect . we just tell Tracy we would have Doug home in 13 hour , and we still have no idea where he be ... they pass a doorman on they way out , who 's stand with a stamp and a UV light reader . doorman handstamp for re-entry ? handstamp for re-entry ? everyone wave , no thanks -- except for stu , who shrug , why not , and stop , hold out he hand . vick maybe we should go back to the hotel and -- stu oh my God , guy ! look ! stu hold he hand under the UV light -- it 's cover in stamp from all the club they have be to the night before ! stu yank up he sleeve to reveal he entire forearm glow , completely cover with stamp ! the guy hurry back and slide they forearm under the UV light , too : they all have the same stamp ! they eye alight : alan it 's like a map of last night ! the guy look at each other , hope return to they face ! CUT to : title card : " saturday , 9:10 pm " 67 . ext . las vega / int . vick car -- night the guy rocket down the Strip , weaving in and out of traffic ! all the stamp on stu 's arm be now label in regular ink . music blare , and the mood be high . stu where do you want to start ?! vick at the top ! we hit every club we go to till someone remember what we do with Doug ! alan Nice clue , stuey ! I can not believe we be actually gonna pull this off ! stu grin over at the car next to they . then he stop . stu hey : be that guy wear Doug 's hat ?! the guy look over to see that the driver of the next car over be , in fact , wear the distinctive fedora - style hat Doug be wear last night . the guy turn off the Strip . vick naaah , could not be . alan lot of people have hat like that . stu nod , yeah , I guess ... tight on : stu' hand the first bar write on it be " ghostbar . " match CUT to : int . ghostbar -- night chastity and the guy blow in , each with a photo of Doug ( in medieval armor ) from Alan 's wedding . as they move into the club , every single waiter , bartender , and busboy see they and throw open they arm , heyyyy , remember they ! they flash the picture of Doug to anyone who will look -- waiter , maitre d' , thug , bachelorette , fetishist , biker , swinger , bride and groom -- but all of they shake they head , we have no idea where Doug be ... 68 . int . vick car -- night stu cross off " ghostbar " from he arm ... int . body english nightclub -- night the guy and chastity enter and disperse . again , everyone recognize they and hug they like return heroes -- and again , no one remember where they be take Doug ... int . vick car -- night stu cross off another stamp from he arm ... ext . pure nightclub -- night the bouncer recognize the guy from the night before and unclip the rope , let they in past the immense line ... int . tao nightclub -- night the bouncer recognize the guy from the night before and unclip the rope , let they in past the immense line ... int . ice nightclub -- night the bouncer recognize the guy from the night before and unclip the rope , let they in past the immense line ... int . vick car -- night the guy race through a shadier , more industrial area of town , they hope dimming ... stu all right , this be the last place we go , " chap . " vick roll to a stop in front of ... chap nightclub it take a moment for the guy to realize that everyone in line be male , buff , and wear erotic cowboy gear . stu you sure we come here ...? then they look up at the marquee . it read " chap : home of the golden pony all male revue . " alan the Golden pony . that 's we . 69 . stu maybe I will just wait in the car -- but vick be already shove stu out of the car . int . chap nightclub -- night the guy walk into the massive nightclub and stop . it 's get a kitschy barn theme , and host 200 topless dude in cowboy hat and short - short grind on each other . vick you think we would have remember this ... stu yeah , I do not think we come here ... alan then why be you underwear nail to the wall ? the guy turn to see numerous pair of men' underwear nail to the wall nearby . a sign above it read " chap wall of fame . " we recognize stu 's colorado state boxer . stu that could be anybody 's . thousands of people go to Colorado State -- alan ( look more closely ) oh my God , be they autograph ? vick ( reading ) " stu pryce , 9/30/08 . I chap ! " stu ( realize , stunne ) I be so gay ... just then , a buff waiter in assless chap blow by , smile . waiter hey , guy ! Roger be backstage ! the guy look at each other , eye wide . stu r-roger ? 70 . int . chap -- dance floor the guy move through the throng of undulate , sweaty man , uncomfortable . Alan take chastity 's hand tightly . alan stay very close to I . she smile and dance through the crowd . int . chap -- backstage area they reach a huge male bouncer guard the backstage area . he see the guy and unclip the velvet rope , kissing each of they on the cheek as they pass . bouncer how be haylee and kaitlin ? stu ( totally disturb ) oh. g-good , thanks ...? int . backstage area -- dressing room door the guy reach the dress room door and stop . they inhale . vick we be go to love you either way , stu ... stu nod , focuss , nervous , like before a big game . alan some of my best friend be gay . stu be that true ? alan not ... not really ? I live in Connecticut , man , we do not even have black people yet . stu nod , right . then , after steeling himself , he enter ... int . chap -- dressing room the dress room be pack with muscular , tan , buck - naked man , walk around , rub baby oil on themselves , don chap and codpiece , get ready for the next show . 71 . chastity and the guy move through the mob of beefcake , stay ridiculously close together . vick stop at one dancer , try not to look down at he junk : vick Excuse I , friend , can you tell I where Roger be ? beefcake cowboy oh , hey , vick ! Roger 's over there . he point to a really hot , really naked guy with a funky mullet , stretch out in front of he mirror . the guy shuffle over to he . vick try to be supportive with stu : vick he 's cute ... I guess ...? stu shrug , yeah , I guess ...? as they draw close , Roger see they , and smile . roger oh ! hey guy ! he hug all of they . the guy make sure to keep they ass arched back to avoid genital contact . roger ( cont 'd ) I be surprised you be even walk yet , stu . stu ( inhale sharply ) oh my god . vick listen , man , we do not really remember what happen last night , can you fill we in ? roger really ? no memory ? stu shake he head , wide - eye , scared ... roger ( cont 'd ) well , I must say , stu , I be a little hurt . stu do we ... you know ... do anything ? roger well , duh ? yeah ? 72 . the guy all freeze . a beat . then vick pat stu 's shoulder , supportive . stu be I ... the boy or the girl ? roger oh , honey , you be everything . stu whimper . vick and Alan exchange a look , holy shit ! roger ( cont 'd ) but you be nothing like vick . vick wait -- what ?! roger I know , I be sort of over group stuff too , but Alan insisted . now it 's Alan 's turn to look stunne . vick you insisted ?! why would you insist ?! alan I do not know ! I do not know why I insisted ! roger actually , after the anger go away , it be really quite tender . the guy look at each other , nauseous . stu I be really not sure we can be friend anymore ... finally , chastity start laughing . chastity guy : he 's kid . Roger break into a smile and slap five with chastity . the guy all exhale , incredibly relieved . vick not cool , Roger . not cool . alan so what do happen last night ? 73. roger oh , well , you guy come in near the end of we last set , like 2ish . Doug pretty much drag you in . alan really ? Doug do ? roger oh no , my Doug , not you Doug . Black guy , shave head ? the guy look at each other , confuse . roger ( cont 'd ) he 's a cake designer , he say he meet you guy at some sort of birthday party at the Rio ? vick ( snap he finger ) the guy from the Jimmy lang surveillance video . the guy nod , right . roger anyway , for the big finale of we show , we always bring someone on stage , and , well , stu , you volunteer pretty aggressively . ( to nearby dancer ) hey Dallas , do we have the video of last night 's show ? stu no ! that 's cool , I do not need to see it -- vick we must see that video . dallas it 's in the machine . Roger nod and press play on a little vcr / tv combo sit in front of he mirror . on the tv a very brokeback , chippendale 's - style male revue start play . stu gasp . Roger fast forward . 74 . roger you be pretty mellow at first , stu , but once we get you into the chap , you really come alive - - oh , here it be . on the tv we see stu , wear only he " I roger " g-string and assless chap , grind on stage with the Golden pony dancer . he be way fatter , paler , and hairier than the grease young stud . the guy look away , oooo . stu I be a dad , I - I do not get to the gym as much as I would like ... roger you even teach we the pony , which we would never even hear of before ... on the tv stu get on all four on the stage , and eagerly gesture for the dancer to take turn " riding " he . stu 's face drop . roger ( cont 'd ) and then , of course , the pice de resistance : the ride of the valkyry . on the video stu clutches onto Roger from behind as they ride a lavender mechanical bull together . the crowd go wild . stu annnnd that would explain the searing ass pain . roger after the show , we split a couple pitcher of flirtinis , you have we stylist cut you hair like mine , and then you split . vick and what time be all this ? roger 4:30 in the morning ? 4:45 ? alan and we Doug be with we ? 75 . roger yeah , he have pass out by then , but you carry he out . it be all very Officer and a gentleman . the guy look at each other , confuse . alan wait , so we leave with Doug at 4:45 , we get back to the hotel at 5:00 , and Doug be go by 5:30 when chastity meet back up with we ? stu that do not make any sense . vick do we lose he along the way ? stu he be pass out , how far could he have go --? just then , vick 's cellphone ring . the caller id read " mandalay BAY . " he answer : vick hello ? intercut with : int . mandalay BAY -- night atashir be on the phone at the reception desk . atashir Mr. Lennon ? vick atashir , many greeting to you . atashir I think you might like to know that one of we maid just find you friend , Douglas , pass out in you room . vick 's jaw drop . vick what ?! be you sure it 's he ?! 76 . atashir I see he with my own eye . he be unconscious but breathe nicely . vick oh thank you , atashir ! you be a man of great honor ! a thousand blessing upon you ancestor ! vick slam he phone shut , overjoy . vick ( cont 'd ) Doug be in the room ! a may just find he ! he 's pass out , but he 's okay ! stu they be sure it 's he ?! vick atashir swear it be ! the guy all laugh , a massive weight lift . stu oh thank God he 's okay ... alan after all this ?! he 's in the room ?! they keep laugh and hug each other , heartfelt . vick even hug Roger . vick I do not even care ! hug I , you big shiny homosexual ! ext . chap -- night chastity and the guy bound out of chap , jubilant . stu be carry a box of two dozen videotape . alan that be cool of Roger to give you all the tape of you performance . stu I know , if I actually be gay , I would totally date Roger first . what a gentle soul . they get into vick 's clunker . 77 . vick how we do on time ? alan ( look at watch ) 2:22 . vick we will be in LA by dawn . ( fire up engine ) I tell you bitch this would all work out ... they drive off into the night , grin all around . ext . the strip / int . vick car -- night vick drive , stu sit shotgun . Alan sit in the back with chastity . the cool night air wash over they . they look happily exhaust . alan this have officially be the craziest weekend of my life . ( to chastity ) thanks for all you help . you be awesome . chastity anything for my hubby . Alan 's smile flicker slightly . chastity ( cont 'd ) I be kid , Alan . I know last night be not , you know , real ... she look out at Vegas as it fly by . alan I be sorry about all this , chastity . chastity Jennifer . alan beg pardon ? chastity my name be Jennifer . Jennifer elly . Alan hesitates ; suddenly she seem a lot more ... human . 78 . alan okay , well , I be sorry , Jennifer . chastity oh , do not be . last night be not the first flaky decision I have ever make in my life . I mean , I be a stripper . Alan try not to laugh . she smile , a twinge sadly . alan where you from ? chastity LA . tarzana . alan oh yeah ? chastity yeah . I work here on the weekend . alan you fly out every week ? chastity yeah . I would move , but my kid be in a great school . alan kid ? vick ( aside , to stu ) they always have kid . chastity I have a little girl , Sarah . she 's ... well , she 's everything . chastity proudly show Alan a photo from she purse of a cute little toddler . Alan smile . chastity ( cont 'd ) what about you ? alan no kid . same girlfriend for 14 year . Becky . Alan show she a photo of Becky on he cellphone . 79 . chastity wow , she 's stun . stu turn around , unable to keep quiet any longer : stu we like you way better . alan stu ! chastity try to stymie she laugh . alan ( cont 'd ) Becky be great . stu Becky collect teapot . vick yeah , she 's a total canwego . chastity a what ? vick you know , she 's the girl at the party who 's always like " can we go ? can we go ? " chastity laugh . Alan do too , shaking he head . alan she have low blood sugar . stu she have low fun sugar . alan Jesus , guy ! this be the girl I be go to marry ! ( beat , consider ) if , you know ... she forgive I for cheating on she ... vick wait : you be go to tell she ? alan of course I be go to tell she ! I could never keep something like that from she . 80 . vick dude , she still have not forgiven I for scratch she queensryche CD in sixth grade -- she 's neeeeever gonna forgive you for marrying a stripper in Vegas . alan well , then that 's just the price I be go to have to pay . Alan look off , stoic . chastity pat he hand , proud . chastity good for you . she smile at Alan , impressed , pull she hair from she face . Alan look at she anew ... it 's a sweet moment ... vick she 's gonna cut you dick off , dude . CUT to : ext . mandalay BAY -- night lamborghini 's , Ferrari 's and hummer limo clog the valet stand . vick roll up in he clunker . the guy hop out . vick ( to the valet ) keep `er close , paco . we will be right back . int . mandalay BAY -- hallway -- night chastity and the guy hurry down the hallway to they suite . vick unlock they door and push inside . vick Doug ! wake up , man ! int . dean martin suite -- night instead of find Doug , however , they find kalolo fanalua , sit on they couch , piss . he 's get a huge white cast on he right arm , courtesy of the strip club bouncer . kalolo fanalua aloha , asshole . the guy freeze . 81 . stu uh-oh . the door slam behind they , and they whip around to see kikiolani stand in front of the door , block they exit . he have a identical cast on he right arm . stu ( cont 'd ) not good . just then , a toilet flush and a immensely large man in a red suit exit the bathroom , drying he hand . we recognize he from he police photo as crime boss jimmy lang , 50' . jimmy lang oh , hello . good to see you again . vick where be Doug ? alan listen , Mr. lang , whatever we do last night , we be incredibly sorry - jimmy lang this you rich friend you be tell I about , vick ? Alan and stu glance at vick , confuse . jimmy lang ( cont 'd ) oh , you have not tell they yet ? really , that 's low . even for you . alan what 's go on , vick ? vick stammer , try to find the word ... jimmy lang six month ago , you friend vick borrow some money from I at what can only be describe as a very unfavorable interest rate . when the loan come due , he fail to pay I back , but he promise I that he could get the money from you guy this weekend . Alan and stu look at vick , shocked and hurt . alan Jesus , vick ... 82. stu how could you do this to we , man ? we be you best friend ... vick look away , ashamed . vick they be gonna hurt I , man ... jimmy lang well , vick , it look like you and you friend have some issue to discuss . in the meantime ... he draw a huge , red-plate .357 magnum . jimmy lang ( cont 'd ) I need my goddamn money . the guy jump back , whoa ! vick hold up he hand : vick I can get it ! I can ! I just -- jimmy lang I have hear that before , vick , include last night , when you so rudely skip out on my birthday party . that 's why I have take some collateral to ensure you payment . his name be Doug . the guy all look sick . vick you have Doug ? stu oh my God ... jimmy lang if you want you friend to live , meet I at mile marker 26 off highway 12 at dawn , and bring the money . be we clear ? vick yes ! yes . Jimmy nod and head for the door . the samoan follow he . alan m-m- Mr. lang ? 83. jimmy lang yes , Mr. mervish ? alan h- how much do vick owe ? CUT to : alan ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) 200 thousand dollar ?! int . the dean martin suite -- moment later Alan and stu pace about the suite , beyond stress . vick stand , look out the window . chastity get they all water . alan how the hell could you blow that kind of money ?! stu be it for the custard store ? alan Jesus , stu , wake up ! there be no custard store ! vick be just try to rip we off to pay back Jimmy lang ! stu be that true , vick ? vick just stare out at the city , not deny it . stu ( cont 'd ) be any of you deal ... real ? vick ( guilty ) some . stu drop onto the couch , deeply disillusion ... stu dude , I manage a applebee 's , that money mean something to I ... vick spin around , furious : vick do you really think I want my life to turn out like this , stu ?! do you really think I do not know that I be a massive loser ?! ( more ) 84 . vick ( cont 'd ) Jesus , you guy get out of high school and you just know what to do , you go to college and get good job and find cool wife and make beautiful child -- what do I have to show for the last decade of my life ?! nothing ! vick swat a lamp off a nearby end - table -- it smashes against the wall ! the guy freeze . tense silence . vick grow emotional . vick ( cont 'd ) Jesus , I be almost 30 , and the only thing I really have ... the only thing I really have be you guy . stu come on , vick -- vick no , man , it 's true ! I put on a good show , but my life be so goddamn hollow and vapid and lonely , it scare I , man . i- I do not know how much longer I can keep this scam go . and now I have go and ruin the one good thing I have ... tear threaten in he eye . he wipe at they , angry . vick ( cont 'd ) just ... please do not give up on I , okay ? i- I do not know what I would do without you guy . I really do not ... Alan and stu exchange a look . they have never see brash , cocky vick this vulnerable before . stu can not help but give in . stu come on , man , we have be bro 's since third grade , it 's gonna take a lot more than money to ruin we friendship . vick look down , deeply touch ... stu ( cont 'd ) what I do not understand be why you do not just ask I for the money . I would have give you every last cent I have , man ... 85 . tear trail down vick 's cheek . he cross and give stu a hug . stu hug back , emotional . stu ( cont 'd ) I love you , man . vick Love you too , bro . Love you too . they hug tight . for a while . stu also , I bang you sister sophomore year . vick pull away . vick what ?! stu sorry . just seem like a good time to tell you . vick stammer at stu , speechless . stu ( cont 'd ) she have just break up with that guy from Central , we be play " I never " at Tim donahee 's pool , one thing lead to another -- vick no! no. that 's ... that 's plenty . vick desperately try to clear the image from he mind . Alan just frown at he watch , stress . alan look , I be glad we be all share , but we have get three hour to come up with 200 grand , or else ... the guy nod , frown , back on point . alan ( cont 'd ) I would offer to take a loan out , but it 's 3 o'clock in the morning , I be pretty sure my bank be close . stu I think I can get a 20 grand cash advance on my credit card ... 86 . alan so that just leave 180 grand ... the guy frown at each other . chastity well , it be Vegas ... the guy ' eyebrow all rise , you think ...? smash CUT to : alan throwing down blackjack at a blackjack table the guy erupt in cheer around he , yaaa ! the dealer slide over a large pile of chip . CUT to : chastity throwing crap at a crap table again the guy erupt ! Alan hug chastity . they pile of chip grow ... CUT to : stu yelling " bingo " at a bingo table the guy jump up , slapping ten , yelling ! stu point at a table full of old lady nearby : in you face ! CUT to : alan , stu , vick and chastity sitting at a pai gow table look lose . then they take they large stack of chip and quietly leave . no one know how to play pai gow poker . CUT to : vick jumping up from a war table have just win ! chastity and the guy aggressively hug he . stu drink from he glass , hand shaking , wire . stu time check ! vick ( look at watch ) 12 minute . stu chip check ! 87 . Alan quickly count the chip ... stu ( cont 'd ) faster ! come on chip check ! vick dude , how many Red bull have you have ? stu I stop count at six ! I can hear my heart beat in my head ! Alan finish count the chip -- and frown . alan just over 100 grand . the guy wince , damn . vick there 's only one thing leave to do . they all exchange a know look ... smash CUT to : $ 100,000 worth of chip be place on black at a roulette table . the guy sweat , tense . stu be insane . stu you sure we do not want red ?! what if the ball land on red --! vick shut up , stu . roulette croupier betting be close . the croupier drop the ball into the wheel . it bounce , hop , spin ... vick cross himself . stu look away . stu I can not watch ! my heart 's gonna explode ! can you heart even explode ?! because I think my heart be gonna explode ! I can not watch ! the ball land . Dead silence . 88. stu ( cont 'd ) it 's red , be not it ?! I know it ! tell I it 's not red ! alan it 's not red ... stu turn , ecstatic -- alan ( cont 'd ) it 's green . the ball have stop on green , double zero . stu clutches he chest , like he 's have a seizure . vick inhale , grim . Alan slowly drop to he knee . chastity close she eye . they huge pile of chip be rake off the table ... CUT to : ext . mandalay BAY -- parking circle -- pre-dawn the guy pack they bag into vick 's beat - up caddy . the mood be as dark as the pre-dawn sky . when the car be load , chastity take Alan 's hand , gentle . chastity would you like I to come with ? alan no ... it might get a little dangerous . I would not want ... he trail off . chastity nod . chastity I be so sorry ... about everything . alan thanks for all you help . awkward silence . the cold desert wind blow . chastity there 's no sense ... in exchange number or anything ... right ? alan yeah , probably not ... Alan look genuinely sad . 89 . chastity well ... I will always remember you as a great first husband , then . they both smile weakly . chastity ( cont 'd ) you can just send the divorce papers to the crazy horse or whatever ... Alan nod , okay . another awkward pause . chastity ( cont 'd ) thanks for remind I that there be still some really good guy out there , Alan . I do not ... I do not get to meet too many of they . she smile a bit sadly , kiss he on the cheek , and walk off . tight on Alan 's grandmother 's ring still on she finger . Alan do not remember the ring , however ; he 's too busy watch she walk out of he life , and feel a real sense of loss ... then vick fire up the car next to he . vick we gotta go , man . Alan nod , yeah , and get in the car ... int . vick car -- pre-dawn vick 's car race down a dark , abandon desert highway . the guy look tired , stress , and most of all , scared . alan yep , just drive out to the middle of desert to meet some mobster , what could possibly go wrong ...? the guy all frown . stu so what 's we plan ? alan I think we should tell Mr. lang that we could not get the money , but that , if he 's amenable , we could create a payment calendar -- 90 . vick we be gonna give Jimmy a dummy bag of money , grab Doug , and make a run for it . alan yes , good ! what a airtight plan --! vick Jimmy lang do not do payment calendar , Alan ! trust I : this be we only shot of get Doug back ! Left turn ! vick skid onto highway 12 -- a barely label dirt road . thing be quickly go from bad to worse ... dissolve to : the first ray of dawn streaking across Venice Beach . title card : " sunday , 6:04 am " int . venice bungalow -- morning Tracy exit she bedroom in she jammy , look like she barely sleep . her father be up , and make breakfast . tracy any word from Doug ? mr. turner nope . ( beat ) I know you do not want to hear it , trace , but you deserve better . Tracy frown , overwhelm with stress . tracy I be sure everything 's fine . they be all smart , capable adult ... CUT to : vick delicately laying cash inside he duffel bag on top of he dirty clothing , fruitlessly try to create the appearance of a bag full of money . he 's use some $ 20 bill , but also some $ 5's and $ 1's . 91 . vick this all the cash we get ? the guy frown at they empty wallet , yeah . we be int . vick car / ext . mojave desert -- dawn the caddy be park next to mile marker 26 in the middle of the windy desert . the Las Vegas skyline be just barely visible in the distance . vick very delicately zip up he duffel bag so as not to disturb the bill , and place it on he lap . alan this be the dumbest plan ever . vick Alan I need you positive please . stu here they come . they all look up to see a white yukon approach on the far horizon , kick up a trail of dust . the guy tense up . vick Stuart ? stu yeah ? vick there 's a emergency bottle of tequila in my glove box . get it out please . stu open the glovebox , pull out a bottle of patron . he open it , take a swig , then pass it to vick , who take a pull and pass it to Alan , who also drink . they all watch the white yukon draw ever closer . alan I can not believe this be how we be go to die ... the yukon pull up about ten yard away . no one move . the yukon 's door open ... the cadillac 's door open ... tight on the Jimmy lang 's red boot as it hit the road ... 92 . tight on vick 's leather shoe , then Alan 's sailing topsider , then stu 's flip -flop , as they all hit the dusty road ... the two party stand by they respective car , face off . somewhere in the desert , a rattlesnake rattle . jimmy lang let 's see the money ! vick gently hold up he duffel bag . vick let 's see doug! Jimmy lang nod to kalolo , who open the back door of the yukon and pull out a guy with he hand tie behind he back and a plastic ralph's bag over he head ; he struggle a bit . the guy look a bit alarmed . alan Jesus , what would they do to he ? vick pull off the Ralph 's bag ! Jimmy yank the bag off of the guy 's head to reveal it's not doug it 's some black dude . vick , stu , and Alan look confuse . vick who the hell be that ?! jimmy lang ( annoyed ) this be Doug ! he push the guy forward . alan oh my God : it 's the other Doug ! Roger 's friend , the cake designer ! black doug ( to Jimmy lang ) I tell you , man , I be Doug howland ! I barely even know this guy ! vick yeah , you get the wrong Doug , man ! 93. Jimmy lang and the thug look exasperate . jimmy lang you sure ?! vick yeah , man , we Doug be white ! jimmy lang but you be party with this guy at my birthday thing ! vick I do not know what to tell you , bro , this be not the Doug we request ! jimmy lang well . I apologize for the mix-up ... ( draw he huge gun ) but I be still gonna need my money . vick and the guy start backtrack towards they car . alan oh my God oh my God oh my God ... jimmy lang do not move , vick . vick freeze , duffel in hand , as stu and Alan slink from view . Jimmy reach vick , gun calmly train at he head . jimmy lang ( cont 'd ) now please . give I my money . all eye on vick , anxiously clutching the bag in he hand ... sweat bead on he brow ... jimmy lang ( cont 'd ) do not be stupid , son . you -- then vick throw a hard leave hook , slamming Jimmy square in he massive stomach ! and nothing happens Jimmy be build like a tank . vick freeze , oh shit . then Jimmy pistol - whip vick -- he lip explode with blood and he fall to the ground . vick Christ that hurt ! 94 . then Jimmy pick up the duffel bag . heft it . feel wrong . he go to open the zipper when he hear : stu aaaaaaahhhhhhh ! Jimmy look up to see stu insanely charge he like the linebacker he once be ! Jimmy raise he gun , but stu tackle jimmy to the ground first ! the gun fly free and they wrestle for it ! Dust fly ! back by the yukon the two guamian fumble for they gun -- but it 's difficult with huge cast on they shoot hand ! on black doug he see what 's go down , and , he hand tie behind he back , take off sprinting towards Vegas ! by the caddilac Alan look around , what should I do ?! what should I do ?! then he spot the key in the ignition of the car . he hop in and fire up the engine ! just then the two guamian OPEN FIRE bullet pound into the cadillac ! Alan duck down , terrify , and floor the gas ! alan I be be shot at ! I be be shot at ! up ahead Jimmy lang throw stu off of he and recover he gun , panting . he cock it , aim it at stu on the ground . jimmy lang I really do not want to kill anyone today -- then wham ! Alan drive the car into Jimmy lang at 25 mph ! the obese mobster be pitch off he foot , and land a good ten yard away , in a heap of dust ! the guy freeze , shocked . 95 . the guamian freeze , shocked . alan oh my god , be he okay ?! vick who care ! go go ! Alan floor the car while stu and vick sprint and dive in ! the caddy peel the hell out of there , kick up rock and dust ! the guamian FIRE after they ! bullet impact all all over car take out the tail - light , the windshield , the headrest . the guy duck down till they be sufficiently far away . then they sit up , amaze , out of breath . stu I can not believe you just save my life ! vick I can not believe you just drive my car into Jimmy lang ! Alan drive , he eye as big as saucer . stu he 's gonna be really upset ! alan yeah , I be just think that ! back on jimmy lang the huge mobster lie face - down on the desert floor . his two henchmen waddle up , highly concerned . kikiolani boss , boss , you okay ?! Jimmy sputter into the dirt , furious . jimmy lang find vick ... and kill he . int . vick car -- dawn the guy race down the dusty highway in traumatize silence . alan now can we call Tracy ? 96 . vick frown and blot he split lip with he sleeve . vick yeah . it 's probably time . CUT to : ext . mojave desert -- lone payphone -- dawn the guy pull up at a lone , dusty payphone in the middle of the desert . they all look at the phone . alan who want to make the call ? beat . then vick reach for he nose , odd man out . stu and Alan immediately reach for they nose , too . it 's close . stu that be you ! alan what ?! no ! I beat you by a mile ! stu vick , who win ?! vick ( frowning ) actually ... I should do it . this weekend be mostly my fault . I need to man up. Alan look shocked -- and impressed -- by vick 's newfound sense of responsibility . alan well , I will be damned ... vick grab the bottle of patron , take a long swig . beat . vick I still can not believe stu bang my sister . vick hand the bottle to Alan , get out , and make for the pay phone ... CUT to : int . bel AIR BAY club -- bridal suite -- day Tracy be put on she makeup in the bridal suite . her stern dad blow in . 97 . mr. turner any word from Doug ? the way he spit out " Doug " tell we all we need to know about how Mr. Turner feel about he future son-in- law . tracy no , but I be sure he 's -- just then , Tracy 's cell phone ring . she quickly answer it . tracy ( cont 'd ) hello ? intercut with : vick in the desert , on the pay phone , look through he bust aviator into the rise sun . vick Tracy , it 's vick . tracy hey vick ! vick listen , honey ... the bachelor party get a little out of control and , well ... we lose doug. tracy ( she jaw drop ) what ?! but we be get marry in like four hour ! vick yeah , that 's not gonna happen ... back in the car Alan start to take a pull of patron -- when he freeze , realize something ! back to vick on the phone with Tracy , be genuinely contrite . vick look , I be really sorry , trace . this be all my fault -- 98 . suddenly , Alan fly out of nowhere and snatch the receiver out of vick 's hand ! vick ( cont 'd ) what the --?! Alan get on the phone with Tracy , he heart racing . alan Tracy , it 's Alan ! hey , vick be just joke around ! we have get Doug right here ! vick look like : what ?! tracy ( horrified ) what kind of joke be that ?! alan I know , vick be such a prick ! we will see you at the wedding ! bye ! Alan hang up and race back to the car . vick follow . vick what be you do ? alan I know where Doug be ! CUT to : int . bridal suite -- day Tracy stand in she bridal suite . then she just break down sobbing . her father hurry over , concerned ... CUT back to : ext . mojave desert -- day Alan floor the car back onto the 15 towards Vegas , amp ! alan remember when we see Doug 's bed impale on the griffin thing ?! stu yeah , we throw it out the window . alan no : the window do not open , remember ?! 99 . vick so how do --? ( realizing ) oh my God . stu I do not get it . alan and that 's why we have be see Doug 's clothes all over Vegas ! he be try to signal someone ! vick I do not believe it ... stu i- I still do not get it -- alan and it totally jive with the timeline , right ?! we bring Doug back to the hotel at 5:00 , he be pass out ... vick it 's so obvious ! stu not ...to I ... so much ? vick how would you figure it out ?! alan the patron , man ! it remind I of we first drink of the night ! vick honestly , dude , you be a genius . stu can someone please tell I where doug be ?! vick he 's on the roof ! stu look confuse , the roof ? 100 . alan after Doug pass out , we must have take he up there in he bed as a prank , so he would wake up on the roof or whatever ? then we forget he . vick and all day he 's be throw he crap off the roof , try to signal someone to get he down ! stu you think he 's still up there ?! alan only one way to find out ... smash CUT to : ext . mandalay BAY -- day the guy peel up to the valet and sprint out of the car . int . mandalay BAY -- lobby -- day the guy race through the lobby at top speed . ext . mandalay BAY -- rooftop -- day the guy burst out of the steel door , onto the massive black tar roof . it 's empty . alan doug ?! doug ?! vick where be you , man ?! but Doug be nowhere to be see . the guy start to despair ... then ... step out from behind a air-condition vent , naked except for tighty - whity , he entire body bright pink from sunburn ... be doug ! and he look furious . the guy run to he , overjoy ! alan doug ! stu oh my god , I be so glad you be okay ! 101 . before they can hug he , though , Doug hold up he hand , and whisper , nasty , parched : doug do not ...even ... talk to I . the guy stop short . vick okay , no , that 's cool ! stu yeah , you have every right to be upset ! we validate you anger ! CUT to : title card : " sunday , 7:05 am " ext . mandalay BAY / int . vick car -- morning the guy gingerly rush Doug , now in a mandalay Bay bathrobe and clutching a arm-full of bottle water , through the hotel lobby . Alan be argue into he cellphone . as they pass atashir at he desk , vick yell over : vick why would you do it , sweet atashir ?! why do you betray we ?! atashir because they pay I . and also because you be kind of racist . vick Fair enough ! see you next time , you beautiful juda ! they blow out of the hotel ... ext . mandalay BAY -- valet -- continuous ... where they beatup caddy be wait . Alan slam he cellphone shut , frown . alan no flight to LA with empty seat ! stu well , we can not drive ! it 's 350 mile to LA and the wedding start at 10 , which be in -- ( more ) 102 . stu ( cont 'd ) ( look at watch ) -- three hour ! beat . then vick , stu and Alan exchange a look ... a smile slowly creep across they face . smash CUT to : the totalled cadillac rocketing down I - 15 vick be at the wheel , lean on the horn , keep the three - door caddy at 110 mile per hour . when traffic get thick , he do not hesitate to drive in the shoulder . in the backseat , Doug chug bottled water , still simmer . vick look , Doug , I think I speak for everyone in the car when I say I be really sorry about lock you on the roof of the hotel . stu you gotta admit , it 's a pretty funny prank ... I mean , up until the part when we forget all about you . Doug just stare out at the desert in stony silence . stu ( cont 'd ) he 's still not talk to we . alan totally understandable , man . whenever you be ready ... CUT to : title card : " sunday , 9:15 am " ext . bel AIR BAY club -- day worker bustle about the grand lawn of the bel Air Bay Club , put the last touch on the outdoor wedding site . it 's beautiful : the royal palm , the expansive view of the Pacific , the white chair in perfect row , the altar adorn in rose . a harpist begin to warm up as well - heele guest filter in , find they seat ... 103 . int . bel AIR BAY club -- bridal suite -- day Tracy check she watch as a hairstylist work on she hair . then she check she watch again ... CUT to : title card : " sunday , 9:47 am " ext . interstate 10 -- day a gary tuxedo van speed up alongside the caddy as they fly down the 10 freeway . a very nervous teenager open the van 's slide door and , wind whipping he face , throw a huge package over to Alan , who stand and catch it ! vick nod at the van driver and shout over the wind : vick I owe you , neeco ! the driver give vick a thumb up , and head off . Alan rip open the package -- inside be four tuxedos . the guy start take off they tatter clothes ... CUT to : ext . bel AIR BAY club -- day all the seat at the wedding be fill . everyone be there . except the groomsman . or the Groom . the harpist still play , though she 's start to look a little piss . int . bridal suite -- day look beautiful in she wedding gown , Tracy gaze out of the window at the perfect wedding arrange below ... then she notice guest whisper , be something wrong ? where 's the groom ? she turn away , try to hold it together ... CUT to : title card : " sunday , 10:03 am " int . vick car / ext . the 10 freeway -- day the guy , now in they tux , rocket down the freeway , primp . Alan brushes he tooth , Doug try to comb he hair , stu floss , and vick shave with a electric razor as he weave in and out of traffic ... CUT to : 104 . title card : " sunday , 10:19 am " int . bridal suite -- day Tracy pace in the bridal suite . then Mr. Turner enter . mr. turner I be sorry , honey , but I think you need to seriously consider that Doug might not be come ... Tracy stop short , speechless . mr. turner ( cont 'd ) some man just be not cut out for this kind of commitment . I be so sorry that this be how you have to find out -- just then , we hear a car squealing up outside ... int . bel AIR BAY club the bridesmaid sit around the posh lobby , wait , anxious . just then , the door blow open and vick , alan , stu , and doug stride inside ! they tux be wrinkle , they hair be a mess , and the groom be bright pink -- but they be here . vick sorry , mapquest take we a crazy route . we ready to do this thing ? the bridesmaid sit up , stunne . CUT to : tracy and her father walk down the aisle , arm -in - arm , as mozart play . Tracy look tentative . her father frown , not at all happy ... in the audience everyone smile , ahhs , and snap photo ... at the altar the groomsman smile as well . vick whisper to Doug : vick she look beautiful , man . 105 . Doug still do not speak to he . vick ( cont 'd ) that 's cool . I get it . tracy reach the altar , then turn to she dad . his face be a mess of emotion . they hug . tracy I love you , daddy . mr. turner I love you too , pumpkin . Tracy 's dad shoot Doug a nasty look before take he seat in the first row . then Tracy approach Doug at the altar , and whisper to he , angry , hurt : tracy where be you ? and why be you pink ? doug it 's a long story . all I can say be I be so sorry . and I promise , for as long as we be marry , I will never ever put you through something like this again . ( desperate , plead ) can ... can you forgive I ? Tracy study he face , search ... all the guest wait with bate breath ... the groomsman wince , come on come on come on ... then , unable to be mad at Doug , Tracy smile and kiss he . he kiss she back . the guest all sigh in relief . the groomsman exhale , whew . vick and Alan covertly knock fist . the Minister clear he throat . minister we , um , we traditionally wait till the end for the kiss ...? but Doug and Tracy just keep on kissing ... match dissolve to : 106 . doug and tracy still kissing at the reception . the entire wedding party be applaud . champagne be uncorked and the wedding band kick in . we be now down on the lawn , where white table and a dance floor have be set up . stand in the back of the reception vick , stu , and Alan aggressively applaud and whistle for the bride and the groom . vick we do it , fella . we pull it off . alan I never have a doubt . they laugh . Alan smile , more relaxed than we have ever see he . they sip champagne and watch Doug and Tracy enjoy they first dance on the dance floor . stu you think Doug 's ever go to talk to we again ? vick give he time . alan yeah . like a decade or two -- then stu see someone approach over Alan 's shoulder . stu uh-oh . the guy all look over to see becky Alan 's girlfriend of 14 year , bear down on they , irate . vick hey beck --! becky shut up , vick ! Alan , where the hell have you be ?! I have be call and call ! what , you do not answer you phone anymore ?! 107 . Alan shrink down , back to be the chastise boyfriend . alan I - I be so sorry , I can explain -- then there 's a woman' voice behind they . woman' voice Alan ? they all turn to see chastity stand behind they in a very sexy , very elegant dress , she hair back . she clean up nicely . Alan swallow , whoa . vick this just get complicated ... alan Jennifer ? chastity smile that he call she by she real name . chastity i- I know I be not invite , but I just have to return this ... she hand Alan he grandmother' holocaust ring . Becky watch on , stunne . becky okay : who the hell be this chick , and why the hell do she have you grandmother 's wedding ring ?! Alan look back and forth between Becky and chastity ... it 's the moment of truth . the fork in life 's road ... becky ( cont 'd ) talk , you moron ! Jesus , you be just like you mother ! talk ! who 's the ho wear my ring ?! and in that moment , it all become so clear . Alan turn : alan she 's my wife . Becky 's jaw drop . chastity smile slightly . stu and vick grin , oh shit ! 108 . alan ( cont 'd ) we do not make each other happy anymore , beck . and we can keep not make each other happy for another 14 year -- hell , maybe even another 50 year -- but let 's not . let 's find people who make we heart race . let 's be excited and fun and alive again ... Alan look at Becky , sincere , honest . beat . becky be you fuck kid I ? Alan shake he head , sadly , no . alan I be sorry , beck . I really be . ( to chastity ) can I buy you a free drink ? chastity smile , take he arm , and they walk off together towards the bar . chastity we be not ... actually ... still marry , be we ? alan let 's start with dinner , and see where it go ...? chastity ( smile warmly ) I would like that . back on becky she finally recover enough to speak : becky Alan ! Alan Steven mervish , get back here this second ! ( but Alan keep walk ) do not you walk away from I , you stupid little clown ! I own you ! get back here immediately ! but Alan just keep walk away with chastity . vick and stu wave he on , go dude ! go! then Becky turn on they . beat . they both scatter , terrify . 109 . stay with stu as he hurry off through the crowd . after a moment , he hear : voice daddy ?! stu turn to see he two angelic daughter in sundress racing through the crowd towards he ! they leap into he arm , so excited to see he ! he scoops they both up . stu oh , I miss you guy so much ! haylee we miss you too , daddy ! kaitlin you be the best dad ever ! beat . and then stu just start bawling . tear everywhere . his lovely wife erin appear , harry , a diaper bag over she shoulder , and see he cry . she roll she eye . erin Jesus , be you still drunk ? stu shake he head , no , and keep sobbing as he pull she into a big family hug ... int . bel AIR BAY club -- men' bathroom -- later vick , a cocktail in hand , he tie undone , head into the men' room and approach a urinal . then kikiolani and kalolo fanalua walk in behind he , still in they huge arm cast , still very piss . vick inhale , scared . vick okay , okay , I will go with you . just ... do not ruin the wedding . then jimmy lang enter the bathroom on red crutch . jimmy lang I really do not want it to end like this , vick . vick nod , resign , and start towards he . then Jimmy extend he hand for vick to shake . 110 . jimmy lang ( cont 'd ) good luck . vick ( totally throw ) um , what ...? jimmy lang you friend Alan just pay you marker . take out a second mortgage on he house . the full 200 grand , plus medical expense , which I think be a classy touch . vick look blow away . jimmy lang ( cont 'd ) without we friend , we be nothing , vick . remember that . the three injure mobster exit . vick remain stand there , overwhelm , he life literally save ... dissolve to : vick , stu , and alan stand on the cliff overlook the Pacific , drink in hand , as the wedding reception rage on behind they . vick I will pay you back , you know . alan damn straight you will ! they all laugh . voice behind they okay , so what the hell happen this weekend ? the guy turn to see Doug approach , smile . they grin as he fall in with they , look out at the calm blue ocean . vick well , Alan marry a stripper , stu go gay , and I learn a very important life lesson from a obese hoodlum . stu we will tell you the whole story when you get back from you honeymoon . 111 . alan we really be sorry , man . Doug nod , I know . vick raise he cocktail . vick to Doug and Tracy . stu to Doug and Tracy . alan to Doug and Tracy . doug to I and Tracy -- and to be here , with my three former best friend in the world ... the guy laugh . doug ( cont 'd ) there 's nowhere else I would rather be right now . they nod , heartfelt , hear-hear . doug ( cont 'd ) that say , let 's not get too stupid tonight , okay ? I be go on my honeymoon in 24 hour ... the guy all nod reassuringly . the guy no , no . / we will be good . / totally , dude . the guy exchange a sly smile , clink glass , then CUT to black . the end