chapter one - early history 1 int . kennedy airport , pan am terminal - night super : autumn , 1987 a line of passengers about to board a Pan be flight to London . jack campbell , 22 , head full of long unkempt hair , Tom selleck mustache , the hopeful look of youth in he eye ... sit next to ... kate reynold , 21 , pretty , dorothy hamill haircut ... rub the tear from she swollen red eye ... kate I get you a few necessity ... kate hand Jack a new copy of vonnegute '' catus cradle . '' kate ( cont’d ) you copy be a mess ... Jack accept the book but heus unable to take he eye off kate . she hand he a cassette . kate ( cont’d ) every one of this song will remind you of I in a slightly different way ... jack all in one tape ? kate I also put side two of London Calling on there ... kate lean over and kiss he passionately on the lip . kate ( cont’d ) that be not officially the goodbye kiss . it be just a interim kiss ... he look at she , he eye welling up . he pull she close , kissing she deeply . then ... announcer ( o.s. ) this will be the final board call for Pan be flight 4 to London , heathrow . Jack take kateus hand , get up , turn sadly to the gate . kate you have you ticket ? Jack pull out a blue pan am ticket envelope . kate nod . they embrace and kiss again . as they separate . jack I ’m not even gonna say it , kate . maybe it’ll be like I never leave ... Jack take one lastlook at she , then head for the gate . kate stand there , watch he go . then ... ...a moment of intuition . something be n’t right . she look at Jack , about to disappear into the jetway , try to decide ... kate wait . Jack turn . kate approach he . kate ( cont’d ) I have a bad feel about this . jack about the plane ? what do you think it 's gonna crash ? do n’t say that ... kate ( shaking she head ) I know we’ve talk about this a thousand time and we both agree that go to London be the right thing to do . but in my heart ... this feel wrong . she look at the gate ... the last few passenger be board , then back into jack eye . kate ( cont’d ) do n’t go , Jack ... jack you mean do n’t go at all ? what about my internship ? kate believe I I know what a incredible opportunity this be for you ... jack for we , kate . kate right , for we . but ... I ’m afraid that if you get on that plane ... jack what ? kate look at he , plead with she eye , but she can n’t say ... kate ( tear ) go. I ’m sorry , you should just go ... jack ( think , then ... ) no , you’re right . what be we do ? kate we be be responsible . go. get on the plane . his eye narrow as he measure she determination ... kate ( cont 'd ) ( a smile ) get the hell outta my sight . you bother I . a laugh from Jack . kate give he a calm smile and a nod - it 's not entirely convincing but it 's enough for Jack . jack ( resolute ) okay , I be go ... he take she in he arm one last time and hug she tight . Jack look toward the gate , the line disappear ... kate grasp he shirt tightly . kate I can not seem to let go of you ... jack you hear I complain about that ? a sober look in Jack 's eye . jack ( cont 'd ) look , we be at the airport and no one ever think clearly at the airport so we should just trust the decision we already make . you have be accept to one of the best law school in the country , I have get this internship at Barclay 's Bank . we have a great plan , honey ... kate nod , then , with resolve ... kate you want to do something great , Jack ? let 's flush the plan ... start we life right now , today ... I do not know what that life 's gonna look like but I do know it have both of we in it . and I choose we ... Jack be jolted by she word . kate ( cont 'd ) the plan do not make we great , Jack . what we have together , that 's what make we great . her word sink in ... a long moment of decision ... he look toward the gate , only one person leave in line ... back to kate ... implore he with she eye . finally ... he kiss she deeply on the lip ... jack I love you , kate ... ...a smile from kate ...relief ... then ... jack ( cont 'd ) ( take she face in he hand ) ... and a year in London 's not gonna change that . a hundred year could not change that ... Jack give she one final kiss then walk pensively to the gate , hand the attendant he ticket , not able to look back . kate watch he go , tear stream down she face , as the gate door close behind he . she wait , almost willing it to open again ... wait ...waiting ... but it do not ... dissolve to : 1a ext . manhattan - establishing - day the skate rink at Central Park ... Christmas tree at rockefeller Center ... the view down fifth Avenue with Christmas decoration ... Park Avenue . 2 ext . manhattan - early morning we close in on a spectacular pre-war doorman building ... 3 int . jack apartment - continuous a huge space with gleam hardwood floor , ornate molding , and a great view of the Hudson and Jersey behind it ... the place look like a museum display ... everything be of the high quality and meticulously maintain . a wall of photo - Jack and Clinton , Jack with Patrick ewing , Jack between Alan Greenspan and Henry kravis . and a " Willie may " baseball bat encase in glass ... 4 int . jack bedroom - continuous ... impeccably decorate and obsessively neat . Close in on the bed where jack campbell , now 35 , san mustache and long hair , open he eye . a flash of bright morning light from the window . Jack shield he eye , turn he head toward the bathroom where he see ... a woman' back ... drape in a towel ... a incredible back , neither flabby nor overly tone , beautifully curve ... Jack focus on it a moment . as the woman turn to he ... paula . beautiful , late 20 , a toothbrush in she mouth ... paula ( hold up toothbrush ) I hope you do not mind . there be like ten new one in the cabinet . a playful smile from Paula . jack it 's not what you think . I take mentadent public ... Paula smile , move over to a chair and grab a little black dress hang neatly over it . paula do you really mean what you say about Tuscany ? jack of course I do . paula last night be great ... jack you be a amazing lover . you should be give motivational seminar . paula thanks . you be not bad yourself ... Jack grab he Frank Mueller watch from the night stand , put it on he wrist . he look at Paula as she slip the dress on . jack I want to see you again . paula I would like that , too . jack tonight . she turn to he . paula it 's Christmas Eve , Jack . jack so we will get egg nog . Paula laugh . paula ( put on she shoe ) I have to go to my parent ' house out in Jersey . would you like to come ? jack Jersey ? you know what the traffic 's gonna be like ? paula I be take the train ... Paula approach Jack , lean over he , she long hair dangle on he chest . paula ( cont 'd ) do not you have anywhere to go ? jack I have get plenty of place to go . he stay there , confident , sexy , wait for a answer ... paula ( a sexy laugh , then ... ) maybe I can try and sneak away some time tomorrow morning ... ( kissing he on the lip ) okay ? jack ( coy ) if it 's something you feel strongly about . Paula walk to the door , then turn back to Jack . paula it be nice meeting you , Jack ... chapter two - MAIN title 4a int . jack apartment - morning Jack saunter over to a yamaha Grand disclavier in the live room . he put a disk into the piano and ... ... the key come alive with the music of bach . Jack hit a switch and suddenly the entire apartment be envelop in music ... 4b int . jack build , corridor - same time Paula , wait for the elevator , hear the music emanate from jack apartment ... a intrigue glance back at the apartment door as the elevator arrive ... 5 int . jack bathroom - morning back '' Passion accord to St. matthew” be blaring through the speaker , the music be swell to full orchestra ... jack at the mirror in this incredibly neat marble - tile bathroom , shave with a silver - plate hammacher schlemmer razor , humming with the orchestra ... 6 int . jack closet - morning ... the size of a small house , a long row of Zegna suit , shoe tree stack with italian shoe , tailore shirt everywhere . jack still humming to the music as he dress in front of a mirror . 7 int . elevator - morning Jack , wear a elegant camelus hair overcoat and carry a leather briefcase , a '' master of the universe” smile on he face , now humming the bach piece from memory ... the door open at 6 . Jack self - consciously stop sing as elizabeth peterson , 60 , wear a mink coat , get on the elevator carry a yappy little dog . jack ( a charming smile ) Mrs. Peterson . mrs . peterson hello Jack . you do n’t have to stop sing on my account ... jack it 's because I ’m shy , Betty . so , when be you go to leave that old corpse Mr. Peterson and run away with I ? mrs . peterson you know you could never satisfy I the way he do ... the door open to the lobby . Mrs. Peterson walk out ahead . 8 int . jack build , lobby - morning tony the doorman hold the door open for Jack and Mrs. Peterson ... tony the doorman merry Christmas , Mr. Campbell . jack how’d you do this year , tony ? tony the doorman about four grand . and a bottle of twenty five year old scotch from Mrs. Johnson in 9d . I ’m put it all in commercial paper like you say . jack just until the Deutsche Mark turn ... Jack exit the building ... 9 omitted 9a ext . central park - morning jack Ferrari racing through the park ... 10 ext . lassiter build - morning a modern Wall Street building . the sign above the glass door read , '' p.k. lassiter and associate , investment House . '' the Ferrari screech to a halt . Jack get out , head into the building ... 10a int . lassiter build - continuous ... Jack throw he key to a nearby security guard with a smile on he way to the elevator ... chapter three - jack the businessman dissolve to : 11 int . lassiter build , conference room - day the Manhattan skyline shine through the window of this beautiful conference room . six executive be seat at a huge oak table litter with coffee cup and lunch waste . at the end of the table , alan mintz , 30 , bald , sit with a faraway look in he eye , three empty diet Coke can in front of he . mintz be poke at a shiny gold cherub dangle from a small , plastic Christmas tree , sit in the middle of the table . Jack be address the group from the front of the room , stand in front of a computer with a huge flat screen monitor , cover with stock chart and table ... jack ... if medtech 's share sink any lower than ... ( casually execute a keystroke ) ... forty three , we be in trouble with the stock valuation . so for god 's sake watch what you say to you institutional customer ... Jack notice Alan mintz play with the cherub . jack ( cont 'd ) ... we still have almost a full day of trading before zero hour and I do not want any trouble ... ( distract by mintz ) ... penny for you thought , Alan ... Alan look up . alan sorry , Jack . I tell Dee and the kid I would be home by dinner . you know , it be Christmas Eve and all . jack be that tonight ? a laugh from the group . Jack approach Alan . jack ( cont 'd ) you think I like be here on Christmas Eve , Alan ? alan I do not know . maybe ... another laugh . even Jack let out a good - nature chuckle . jack okay , maybe I do have a touch of tunnel vision this holiday season . but in two day we be go to announce one of the large merger in U.S. corporate history . thirty billion dollar ... ( bask in the glory ) when this kind of deal turn up you get on and you ride it `till it 's over . you do not ask it for a vacation ... a chuckle from the group ... the esprit de corps seem to energize Jack . jack ( cont 'd ) ( to the group ) December 26th . after that there will be so much money float around here it will be like Christmas every day ... ( smile ) December 26th , people . if you would like to celebrate that day , you all have my bless ... enthusiastic nod and word of agreement from the suit around the table ... alan you be right , Jack . sorry ... Jack approach Alan . jack I do not want you to be sorry , Alan , I want you to be excited . I want my gift to be the first one you open this year . you know why ? alan why Jack ? jack because my gift come with ten zeroe at the end ... a murmur of excitement in the room , even Alan crack a smile . Jack put a hand on Alan 's shoulder . jack ( cont 'd ) good man ... 12 int . lassiter build corridor - night the conference room door open and the six energized suit emerge , each meet by a assistant hand they message . Jack be the last one out . he 's meet in stride by adelle , 5as , carry a filofax and a pile of phone message . adelle only eight thirty ? what 's the matter , have some last minute shopping to do ? Jack pop a peppermint lifesaver in he mouth as adelle hand he he message . jack you too ? this holiday 's about give , adelle . and I be give everything I have get to this deal , so in a way , I be more christmassy than anyone ... ( hold out the candy ) lifesaver ? adelle ( ignore the candy ) you be a ray of sunshine , Jack . they approach a office , the word , " Jack Campbell - President " stencile on the glass ... 13 int . jack outer office - continuous ... continue past adelle 's desk , Jack look at he message , and into Jack 's office ... 14 int . jack office - continuous a cavernous office , you could land a helicopter in it - high tech fixture , full bar , leather sofa , $ 3,000 stairmaster ... Jack walk to a enormous , bare mahogany desk , and sit down in a high tech ergonomic leather chair . adelle oh , and oxxford call ... jack ooh , my suit be ready ... he get to the last message , see the name on it , and reel back . jack ( cont 'd ) kate reynold ... adelle her assistant say you could call she at home after eight . Jack stare at the message like he 's look at a ghost . jack her assistant ? adelle yeah Jack , she assistant ... jack ( lose in the message ) kate reynold be my girlfriend in college . I almost marry she ... adelle ( a hearty laugh ) you ? married ? jack ( snap out of it ) almost marry . and almost a junior broker at e.f. hutton ... adelle Excuse I ? jack she do not want I to go to London . we be stand at the airport say goodbye and she ask I to stay . adelle so you leave she ? just like that ? jack God , no . I think about it for practically the entire flight ... adelle stop Jack , I be get all weepy . jack I take the road less travel , adelle . adelle and look where it 's lead you ... ( pick up the phone ) I be gonna get she on the phone ... Jack pause , focus on the message , he mind drift back ... adelle begin dial the number . finally , Jack reach out and hang up the phone . jack no ... adelle no ?! you almost marry this woman . be not you even curious what she want ? jack she 's probably just have a fit of nostalgia . you know , lonely Christmas Eve , call the one that get away , that kind of thing . adelle roll she eye at he . jack ( cont 'd ) I be tell you , it 's ancient history ... Jack look up as peter lassiter , 60 , founder and chairman of p.k. lassiter and associate , saunter into the room . lassiter eight forty - five on Christmas Eve and Jack Campbell be still at he desk . there 's a hallmark moment for you ... lassiter head to the bar like he 's do it a million time . jack Peter . I do not see you rush home to trim the tree . lassiter ( pour himself a scotch ) that 's because I be a heartless bastard who only care about money . jack and God love you for it . lassiter drop down in a soft leather chair opposite Jack . lassiter ( sip the scotch ) I just get a call from Terry Haight . Bob Thomas be nervous ... jack that will happen when you be about to spend thirty billion dollar on some aspirin ... lassiter someone 's gonna have to nurse he through this . jack why be you stare at my breast , Peter ? lassiter I need you , tiger .. jack where be he ? lassiter aspen . Jack pause for a beat . jack ( to adelle ) call aunt irma . tell she I will not be able to make it tomorrow ... adelle roll she eye at he ... lassiter you be a credit to capitalism , Jack . Jack glance at adelle , then look back at lassiter . jack hey Peter , lemme ask you a question . a old girlfriend call you out of the blue on Christmas Eve ... lassiter you suddenly have trouble get date ? jack not by a long shot . lassiter then leave it in the past . Old flame be like old tax return . you keep `em in the file cabinet for three year and then you cut `em loose . Jack shoot adelle a satisfied smile , crumpling up kate 's message and toss a perfect hook into a n.y. knick hoop . jack ( to adelle ) I will leave from the office tomorrow afternoon . call the group . schedule a emergency strategy session for noon . adelle that will be a nice little holiday treat . 15 ext . lassiter build - night a single light remain on in the building . 16 int . jack office - same time Jack be alone in the office work on he computer , check spreadsheet on a large flat screen monitor . Jack lean back in he chair rub he eye . he check he watch . it 's past eleven . he get up , go to the window , see the city in all its Christmas glory , then he see it ... ... the message from kate , crumpled in the trashcan ... then turn back to the window , gaze out at the night ... 17 int . lassiter build - night Jack come out of the elevator , walk past the lobby desk where frank , a security guard , sit watch the monitor . frank Mr. Campbell . why do not you call down , I would have have Joe get you ride . Jack look outside the front door to the snowy , quiet street . jack I be think I might walk tonight , Frank . frank Nice night for it . I will have Louis send you car home . a nod from Jack . frank ( cont 'd ) merry Christmas to you , sir ... jack thanks . to you too ... Jack put on a pair of soft leather glove and head out into the crisp night air ... 18 ext . lassiter build - continous Jack emerge from the building , walk across the large plaza , past the fountain ... snow begin to fall ... 19 ext . manhattan STREET - a little later Jack 's walk down the nearly empty street , snow fall down on he , a bounce in he step , look at the window of the close shop along the way . he get to the end of the block spot the Wong Brothers ' 24 hour deli across the street ... he head toward it ... 20 int . wong brother ' deli - second later Jack walk into the brightly light deli ... SAM wong , 20 , be with he 80 - year - old grandfather behind the counter . there 's a nerdy college kid at the salad bar , a drunken department store santa at the liquor display , a woman with a baby in a aisle and ... ...a black man , 30 , with a dollar sign and the name " cash " tattooe on he arm , stand in front of the coffee machine ... cash oh yeah ... yeah , yee - ah ! she 's a certified winner ... paper - thin but good as gold ... Jack notice Cash talk to himself , seemingly crazy . Jack approach Sam Wong at the counter . jack Egg nog ? SAM wong ( point ) dairy case . five dollar . cash ( in the b.g. , to Sam Wong ) y'all do the lotto here ...? ` Cause I get I a winner ... I know , I know , lotto keep the black man down ... but not I ... Jack grab a carton of egg nog , then notice Cash hand Sam Wong he ticket . Jack head back toward the counter ... cash ( cont 'd ) ...06 ...14...18...48 ... right there . four number ... that 's two hundred and thirty eight dollar ... ( a smile ) merry Christmas and shit ... SAM wong ( barely look at ticket ) ticket bad . you draw in line with pencil . cash what be you talkin ' about ? SAM wong ( throw the ticket back ) you draw line with pencil ! I know about this ! the woman with the baby look over ... the college kid look up , nervous ... the drunken Santa , bottle of bourbon in hand , start to walk by Jack ... Jack instinctively put a arm out , hold the Santa back ... cash what !? look at the ticket ...! SAM wong get out , I call 911 . the Santa look at Jack , confuse . cash you be lookin ' at I , you be not even lookin ' at the ticket ! the woman with the baby put a loaf of bread back on the shelf , start nervously inching toward the door . SAM wong you leave now . take ticket somewhere else . ( call out ) next customer in line ...! cash you first generation , xenophobic , money - theistic , hot pastrami sandwich make ... SAM wong ( scream ) get out ! just watch ... Cash shove the ticket in Sam Wong 's face ... cash look at the goddamn ticket !! a moment of decision for Jack . then ... jack ( carefully ) let I see that ticket . Cash turn to Jack . cash ( menace ) be I talkin ' to you ?! Jack look at the woman , the college kid , the Santa , then ... jack maybe I will buy it from you . now Cash walk over to Jack ... cash guy in $ 2,000 suit get ass kick tryin ' to be a hero . Film at eleven ... ( then ... turn to the coffee machine ) what ?! oh no , not another lookie-loo . you know how big a job this be ? the patron exchange nervous glance ... Jack watch , confuse . cash ( cont 'd ) you be double bookin ' I ! you be gonna get double bill ! shit ! Cash throw a bottle of perrier against the wall , it shatter . the woman reel back in terror with the baby ... jack hey , c'mon ... in a flash , Cash whip a .38 from the back of he pants , aim it at Jack 's face . the woman scream , cover she baby . cash ( in Jack 's face ) do you want to die ? Jack stare at Cash , try he best to keep he cool ... cash ( cont 'd ) do you wanna die ?! jack no . cash ( a smile ) yes you do ... jack look , I be talk about a business deal here . I buy the ticket for two hundred , take it to a store where the guy behind the counter ... ( glaring at Sam Wong ) ... do not have a death wish ( back to Cash ) ... I just make myself a quick thirty eight dollar . Cash get closer ... jack ( cont 'd ) like I say , it 's a business deal ... cash damn , you be the real thing ... Cash narrow he eye ... then , a smile as he put the gun back into he pants ... cash ( cont 'd ) c'mon , Jack , let 's get outta here ... ( to Sam Wong ) you be lookin ' at I , papa , you shoulda be lookin ' at the ticket . that ticket be legit , B. you be fake ... Cash start out of the deli . Jack follow ... 21 ext . manhattan STREET - minute later Jack and Cash walk down the street ... Jack , hold he carton of egg nog under he arm , count out two hundred dollar ... jack how would you know my name be Jack ? cash I call all you white guy " Jack . " Jack nod ... cash ( cont 'd ) you know you seem pretty relaxed for a guy who just have a gun pull on he . jack there 's no way I be gonna die in that deli ... ( off Cash 's look ) let 's just say I have be on a lucky streak lately . cash ( a big laugh ) a lucky streak , huh ? Jack hand he the money . cash ( cont 'd ) sound pretty sure of yourself , do not you ? Jack nod . cash ( cont 'd ) so you be tell I , you have get a gun to you head and you do not think for one second , what if this , what if that , maybe I should not do this , I shoulda do that . jack I do not do that . that 's just not for I ... Cash look at he , then smile . cash okay , Jack . Nice do business with you ... Cash be about to take off ... jack hey ... Cash turn around . jack ( cont 'd ) what do you want to carry that gun around for , anyway ? you be just gonna do something you will regret ... cash you want to talk about regret , you be talk to the wrong person . Jack casually take the egg nog out of the bag , open the carton ... jack I be just say that you seem like a smart guy . at a certain point you be gonna do something , and then there 's no turn back ... cash yeah , in most case that would be true . Jack take a sip of the egg nog . jack I mean there must be program out there , opportunity ... cash ( a deep laugh ) wait a minute , wait a minute ... you be tryin ' to save I ? a look from Jack ... cash ( cont 'd ) oh man , you be serious ... ( out to the street ) this man think I need to be save ! jack everyone need something . Cash look at Jack ... cash yeah ? what do you need ? jack I ? cash you just say everyone need something . jack I have get everything I need . cash wow . it must be great be you . you get it all . Cash look at Jack . he smile and shake he head . jack look , I be not say you would be able to do it without some hard work ... cash ( a hearty laugh ) you still think this be about I , do not you ? jack sure it 's about you . but it 's about society , too . cash oh man , I be gonna enjoy this one ... just remember , Jack , you do this . you bring this on yourself ... and with that , Cash turn and leave Jack alone on the street with he egg nog ... 22 int . jack apartment - late night Jack walk in and throw he key on a table . he take off he glove and overcoat , glance at the mail , then head into the bedroom . through the large window we see snow fall ... 23 int . jack bedroom - late night Jack , flat on he back in bed , fast asleep ... chapter four - a different life dissolve to : 24 int . campbell house , master bedroom - morning Close in on jack face , bath in morning light ... he open he eye ... feel something strange ... Jack look down ... there 's a womand head rest on he chest . a look of confusion cross he face ... try to remember ... do he meet a woman last night ...? he turn he head to find a large mutt sit faithfully beside the bed , wag he tail ... ... do she have a dog ? he look down at the woman again , craning he neck to get a look at she face . and then he see she ... ... kate reynold ... ...now 34 and even more beautiful , a look of utter contentment on she radiant face , sleep soundly ... his head dart around the room - it 's cramped and live in , clothes and toy be strewn about , family photo on the dresser , Laura Ashley curtain , a tiny poster bed and a charming little bay window . he instinctively reach for he franck Mueller watch on the night stand , but it 's not there . it 's a timex indiglo and it read , '' 7:57 a.m...” Jack look back at kate ... he rub he eye ... maybe it 's a dream ... but nothing change . then , kate stir ... kate mmmm ... ten more minute , Jack ... it 's Christmas ... Jack jump as he hear kate talk for the first time ... suddenly , the door burst open ... a six year old girl , annie , in a little nightgown , walk into the room carry a 18 month old boy , josh , singing at the top of she lung ... annie jingle bell , Santa 's mell , rudolph laid a egg ... la la la , la - la la la , la la la la la ... Annie place josh on the bed and then jump up herself . she gesture to the dog , patting the bed . annie ( cont’d ) you too , luce ... the dog faithfully jump on the tiny bed , join everybody else and leave very little room . Annie start jump . annie ( cont’d ) rise ...and ... shine ...! kate ( stir ) you’re jump , sweetheart ... Jack look at this activity like a man at he own funeral . annie Mom , do n’t you think we need to open the present ? kate ( groggy ) mommy need five more minute in la la land . that could be she present ... josh crawl directly up to jack stomach , climb on . annie c’mon , dad . get up ! she say '' dad . '' that 's it . Jack move the baby gingerly over , then get out of bed , stumbling over a baseball bat lie next to it . he pick up the bat ... the same Willie may autograph bat that be encase in glass in he n.y. apartment . frightened , Jack drop the bad , look down at himself for the first time ... heus naked ... ...a mortify look on he face as he see the kid on the bed ... ...he quickly grab a pair of sweat pants and a yellow cardigan off the chair and throw they on ... kate , still half asleep , reach out she hand . kate Jack ...? Jack turn by instinct . kate grab he , draw he near . a look of fear on he face as kate open she eye ... Eye contact ... jack certain heus about to hear she scream ... kate ( cont’d ) ( still groggy ) strong coffee , okay ? she let he go as Jack back out the door ... 25 int . campbell house live room - second later a garishly decorate Christmas tree sit in the middle of this messy and disorganize live room , a bevy of gift underneath and four red stocking over the fireplace . Jack dart to the top of the step ... kate ( o.s. ) ( call from the bedroom ) use a entire can if you have to ! he look back at the bedroom , then at the stair ... quickly head down the creaky step , still in shock . he grab a overcoat from a hook by the front door ... about to step out when he look down and realize ... ...he’s barefoot . he glance at a pair of rubber over - boot sit by the door , slip they on , just about to leave when ... he hear the sound of a key turning in the door lock ... Jack look at the door , not quite sure what to do ... the door open ... into the house , arm laden with wrap gift , walk big ed and lorraine reynold ( both 60 ) , kateus parent . Big edus wear a ten gallon hat and a suede overcoat . lorraine have a cigarette dangle from she mouth . jack ( draw on a memory ) ed? lorraine ? Big Ed hug Jack as best he can with a armful of gift . big ed Jack you ol’ bird dog . merry Christmas to ya’ ... lorraine plant a big fat kiss on jack cheek . lorraine talk to he , Jack . please . one day a year away from the ponderosa . I do n’t think that 's too much to ask . big ed I hear that . this be who I be , woman ! ( a wink to Jack ) tell she , Jack ! you’re the only one who get I , for godus sake ! Jack , still hold the door open , plotting he escape . lorraine I need some egg nog ... big ed '' course you do . Hell , it 's almost 8 a.m. ( shouting upstairs ) where be my two l’il pardner ? Annie ! josh ! giddy up , bid edus here ! jack Excuse I . Jack dash out the door . lorraine where be you go , Jack ? ( to Big Ed ) where 's he go ? big ed damned if I know ... they start to remove they coat , when ... the door fly back open ... jack where 's my car ?! where 's my Ferrari !? big ed what the hell be you talk about ? ( to lorraine ) what 's he talk about ? jack look , can I just borrow you car ?! I promise it’ll be return ! big ed the caddy ? why do n’t you take you own damn car ! lorraine oh just let he borrow you precious cadillac , for godus sake . Jack spot a set of key hang on a hook . big ed he’s get a perfectly good mini-van sit out there in the driveway ! Jack grab the key off the hook ... dart back outside ... 26 ext . campbell house - continuous Jack emerge from this charming , suburban two -story house , some tasteful Christmas light decorate a tree in the center of the snow - cover lawn ... he race to a blue dodge mini-van sit in the driveway , a '' my Ferrari be in the shop” sticker on the rear bumper . he climb into the mini-van and peel out of the driveway ... 27 int . mini - van - second later Jack see a sign , '' George Washington Bridge - 3 miles” ... 28 int . mini - van - minute later Jack drive over the bridge . a sigh of relief as he pass under a sign for '' Manhattan . '' 29 ext . manhattan STREET - early morning the mini-van pull up near jack apartment building . Jack , still wear pajamas under the coat , leap out , run toward the grand entrance where tony stand sternly in front . jack tony , thank god ... Jack start to walk past but tony block the way . tony the doorman sorry , pal . entrance be for resident and guest only ... jack what be you talk about ? it 's I , Jack Campbell . penthouse c. I put you into commercial paper ! tony the doorman ( not move ) uh-huh ... just then , Mrs. Peterson walk to the door with she little dog . tony open the door for she ... jack Elizabeth Peterson ! the little dog start barking ferociously at Jack . mrs . peterson ( to tony be : Jack , annoyed ) who be this man ? tony shrug he shoulder . jack you know I , Betty . you do . Jack Campbell . we’re on the co - op board together . we fight side by side for garbage disposal . every morning we exchange quasi-sexual witty banter . think ... she look at Jack with a raise eyebrow , the dog still yapping . tony the doorman ( to Mrs. Peterson ) should I call the cop ? I ’m gonna call the cop ... Jack plead to she with he eye . mrs . peterson ( raise a hand to tony ) no ... jack ( a sigh of relief ) thank you , Betty . I know if I can just sleep this off , I ’ll be fine ... mrs . peterson and sleep you shall . noblesse oblige be not dead . not yet anyway ... come , letus get you some help . surely there must be a shelter somewhere in this city . jack a shelter ?! I ’m the richest guy in the building ... I ’ve get twice the square footage you have ! Mrs. Peterson shake she head at he , a look of pity on she face . frustrate , Jack turn and run back to the mini-van ... CUT to : 30 ext . lassiter build - minute later Jack pull up across the street and get out of the van . running across the empty plaza toward the building entrance ... 31 int . lassiter build , lobby - continuous Jack burst through the door , approach the lobby desk where frank the security guard sit . Frank spot Jack and block he way . frank whoa , whoa , whoa ... hold it right there ... jack Frank . where 's Alan mintz ? be he here yet ? frank Mr. mintz ? ( a know chuckle ) I do n’t think so ... building 's close pal . you’ll have to come back tomorrow . jack look , I do n’t know what 's go on here but I be senior vice President of this company . frank I do n’t care who you be . it 's Christmas and like I tell you the building be close . jack maybe you’re not hearing I . I be Jack Campbell ... ( approach the building directory ) right here . Jack Campbell , President ... and then he see it ...” alan mintz - president , '' list plain as day on the building director ... Jack look at Frank , then back to the building directory ... a pity look from Frank ... Jack stand there , in shock ... chapter five - what' happening ? 32 ext . lassiter build , plaza - moment later ... it 's desolate ... Jack walk through the plaza like a zombie , he face register nothing . he cross the street , move toward the mini-van ... oblivious ... when ... screech ... a Ferrari 456m stop within inch of jack torso ... a voice from the car ... voice ( o.s. ) hey ! watch where you’re walk ! Jack turn ... see the driver low in the seat ... can n’t quite make out the face ... voice you almost dent my two hundred thousand dollar car ! Jack ... still stunne ... look at the car , very familiar ... the voice of the driver , also familiar ... voice ( cont’d ) that 's right ! my new cark worth more than you shitty house ! a look of realization on jack face ... voice ( cont’d ) I feel like I really do win the lottery ! ... itus Cash , and heus in jack car ... Jack move over to the passenger window in shock ... a smile from Cash ... cash miss I , Jack ? jack that 's my car ! you steal my car ! cash it 's a callable asset seize in accordance with the acquisition by - law of you alt - fate contract ... jack what ?! cash basically , it 's my car now . get in . Cash reach over and open the door . Jack hesitates ... cash ( cont’d ) look , I do n’t make the rule , Jack . this be how it work . get in . Cash give he a reassure look . Jack get in ... 33 int . ferrari - continuous Jack close the door ... Cash joyfully drive off in a burst of acceleration ... Jack practically end up in the back seat ... cash might wanna fasten you seat belt , Jack ... jack ( recover ) what the hell be happen to I ?! jack freaking out and Cash be enjoy every minute of it . Cash hand Jack a paper bag . Jack start breathe into the bag . cash this kinda thing make a lotta guy throw up . see it happen . so if you get the urge , do it out the window . ( with a taunting laugh ) I do n’t want you marring this exquisite leather interior ... Cash look over at Jack ... heus really lose it , sobbing into the bag ... almost hyperventilate ... Cash smile ... cash ( cont’d ) look , I do n’t know what you’re get so work up about , you do this ... you bring this on yourself . jack bring what on myself ?! I do n’t do anything ! cash no? c’mon , Jack ... i’ve get everything I need , I do n’t have regret , that 's just not for I ... sound familiar ? jack you mean because you think I be cocky I ’m now on a permanent acid trip ?!! Cash get a laugh out of jack overreaction ... cash everyone else in that store be a statue , they see they life pass in front of they eye , but not you . you’re make a business deal ... jack ( enraged ) give I my goddamn life back ! cash you ? what about I ? I ’m work hard for you here , Jack . on Christmas too ! now you do a good thing last night , intervene that way . I be move ... jack ( interrupt ) please . just tell I what 's happen to I . in plain English . none of that mumbo jumbo ... Cash turn to Jack . cash it 's a glimpse , jacko . jack I glimpse ? a glimpse of what !? what glimpse ?! glimpse ! cash look , eventually , everybody get one ... some of ‘em take a couple second ... ( look at Jack ) ... some of ‘em take a lot longer ... jack I ask you a direct question ! a glimpse of what ?! a look from Cash . cash figure it out . you get plenty of time . jack how much time ?! cash as long as it take to figure it out . which , in you case , could be considerable . jack look , I just want my life back . now what 's it gonna take ? you wanna talk turkey ? letus talk turkey ! how much money ...? Cash look at Jack , relishing the moment . he flash Jack a smile . cash do I look like I need you money . it do n’t work like that and I can n’t tell you why . jack why not ? cash because you get to figure it out for yourself . ( beat ) be you listen to I ? jack figure it out ? figure what out ?! Cash just stare at he ... jack ( cont’d ) that 's it ? that 's all I get ?! a glare ?! cash look Jack , in my experience the best way people deal with this be to just relax and breathe through it ... let it come to you . Jack face Cash , simmer ... with frustration . jack look , I do n’t have time for this right now . I ’m in the middle of a deal ... cash oh you’re work on a new deal now ... do I mention that ? jack you know what ? I ’ve have it with you . I ’ve have it with all of this shit ... screech ... Cash slam on the brake ... practically send Jack through the windshield . Jack recover , look up ... the car be park right next to the mini-van . Cash pull out a small plastic bag , hold it out to Jack ... cash here ... Jack look inside the bag , pull out a barbie bicycle bell . he look at it curiously . jack what 's this , a signal ? will you come whenever I ring it ? cash do I look like I live in a bottle ? Cash reach across Jack and open the door . jack ( lose ) but what do I do ? cash look Jack I ’m late . i’d love to help you out some more but I gotta go handle my business ... ( gesture to the mini-van ) happy trail . Jack look out to the lonely street outside , then back to Cash . jack hey , you do this to I , you can n’t just leave I like this . Cash look at Jack , the desperation on he face . cash Fine . you want to know everything , I ’ll tell you everything . but not here . letus get some air ... jack still a little unsure ... he see Cash open the driver side door ... jack ( relieved ) thanks , man ... Jack get out of the car ... and before he can even turn around , cash’s door slam shut and the car take off in a blast of horsepower ... Jack stand there gaze down the street , listen to the sound of the Ferrari shifting gear , disappear ... the wind whip up ... shiver , Jack look toward the lassiter Building , then to the plastic bag in he hand , and finally to the mini-van . 34 ext . suburban STREET - late morning the blue mini-van snake through the curve street of the neighborhood , almost all the house decorate for Christmas . 35 int . mini - van - same time jack try to find the house , a map unfold on the steering wheel and the cark registration in he hand ... he spot arnie bender , late 30 , carry a empty science kit box to the trash . his wife , jeannie , also late 30 , be get in a Ford Taurus wagon , a bowl of fruit in hand ... Jack pull up to the curb near arnie , roll down the window . jack Excuse I . do you know where merrison Street be ? arnie look up and see Jack in the van . arnie ( turn to he wife ) jeannie ! I find Jack ! 36 int . bender house , den - a little later Jack follow arnie into the de of this garishly decorate suburban home , arnieq arm around he shoulder . arnie you look terrible ... Jack take in the decor '' it 's a male leisure time fantasy '' old pinball machine , wide screen tv , dart board , and kitschy '' 5as style bamboo bar ... arnie ( cont’d ) Truth be I expect you . kate call before and ask if I know where you be . arnie notice jack fascination with the room ... arnie ( cont’d ) I know , I move the barca-lounger into the corner . it 's throwin' everybody off . what do you think ? jack ( with a nod ) great room ... a satisfied smile from arnie , jack approval mean something to he . arnie you and I , buddy . we know how to live ... arnie shepherd Jack onto a bar stool and pour a drink out of a bamboo bottle holder . arnie ( cont’d ) so Jack , you okay ? Jack do n’t respond , he eye draw to a softball team photo on the bar ... Jack and arnie kissing a huge trophy with the caption , '' plainfield , n.j. softball League champ , 1994 .” arnie ( cont’d ) I mean you leave the house on Christmas morning , you do n’t tell anyone where you’re go ... Jack look over from the photo to arnie ... jack we’re friend , be n’t we ? arnie maybe I do n’t say it enough but you move in next door to I ... arnie make a fist and gesture to he heart . Jack nod . arnie ( cont’d ) talk to I ... a moment of decision for Jack as arnie stand there , open eye , ready to listen . jack I ’m have kind of a bad day . arnie ( nodd ) I read somewhere that the suicide rate double during the holiday ... a raise eyebrow from Jack . arnie ( cont’d ) ( to himself ) what be I say ? you do n’t need to hear that ... ( back to Jack ) all I mean be a lot of people have a hard time deal with all the force reverie , that 's all . be that you ? jack be it ...? arnie trouble at work ? jack I do n’t think so . arnie it 's not kate , be it ? Jack pause at the mention of kate . arnieq eye widen ... arnie ( cont’d ) ( proudly ) you see , it 's like we’re in each otherus head ... jack kateus my wife ... Jack look at arnie as if heus seek confirmation . arnie ( a playful smile ) just keep say it , Jack , like a mantra . arnie come out from behind the bar , take Jack by the arm . arnie ( cont’d ) c’mon , I better walk ya home . she 's mad enough as it be , right ...? 37 ext . arnieq yard - second later arnie walk Jack through he backyard ... arnie look , you fit the profile exactly . thirties , house , kid , financial responsibility . you start think ... this be n’t the life I dreamt about . where 's the romance , where 's the joie de vivre ? suddenly , every lingerie ad in the Newark Star ledger represent a life you can n’t have ... jack ( think , then ... ) it 's just two kid , right ? a chuckle from arnie . arnie you make a choice , Jack , a promise to you wife . maybe sometimes it seem like you give up the world , but look what you get ... they arrive at ... the backyard of the Campbell house ... cluttere with a swing set , a dog run with chew up lawn , and a wooden sun deck in the process of be build ... arnie ( cont’d ) four bedroom , two and a half bath , and a partially finish basement ... Jack trip over a wayward big wheel . arnie ( cont’d ) ( shaking he head ) kid ... arnie lead Jack toward the house . arnie ( cont’d ) okay look , you probably do n’t want to hear this right now but remember what you tell I last summer when I almost have that thing with arnie jr.ss speech therapist . a blank stare from Jack as they arrive at the slide glass door ... arnie face Jack squarely , grab he shoulder and look he in the eye . arnie ( cont’d ) do n’t screw up the best thing in you life just because you’re a little unsure about who you be . okay ? arnie give Jack a comforting smie ... arnie ( cont’d ) God , it feel so good to finally give something back to you ... arnie turn Jack toward the door and slide it open . arnie ( cont’d ) I ’m gonna hug you now ... arnie give Jack a gentle hug ... then give he a little push toward the door ... 38 int . campbell house , den - continuous Jack step inside . he turn back to the door but arnieq go . then , kate enter the room , hold a portable phone ... kate ( into phone ) hold on a second ... she cup the receiver . Jack look at she , sheus dress now , nothing fancy but she look great . jack you cut you hair ... a curious look from kate . kate ten year ago ... kate just stand there look at Jack , give away nothing . kate ( cont’d ) be you okay ? jack yeah ... fine . she give he a resolute nod , then ... kate ( into phone ) never mind , he just walk in ... Jack grimace as she resolutely hang up the phone then stare he down angrily . kate ( cont’d ) do you have any idea what you put we through today ?! you walk out of here at 7:30 in the morning , do n’t tell I where you’re go , or even that you’re go , and I do n’t see you ‘til hour later . I have state trooper look for you ! I call hospital ... ( point at the phone ) ... I be just on the phone with the morgue for godus sake ! Jack watch she vent , the frustration on he face building . kate ( cont’d ) what kind of man leave he family on Christmas morning without a word about where heus go ? jack almost to a break po int . kate ( cont’d ) what kind of man do that !? jack ( jump in ) I do n’t know ! please stop yell at I ! she look at he curiously . kate where be you ? jack I be in the city . kate the city ? New York City ? why ? jack because that 's where I live . kate Jack ... do n’t even start ... jack look , you do n’t understand . I wake up here ... and this be very strange ... this be not my house ... a raise eyebrow from kate . Jack move around the room ... jack ( cont’d ) ( point upstairs ) I ’m not '' dad ...”. kate , you’re not my wife ... kate look he over , assess , then ... kate you know what , Jack ? it 's not funny this time . I ’m really angry . she stare he down , expect a answer . but he have no answer . kate ( cont’d ) ( loudly ) Jack ! Jack take the bell out of the plastic bag that Cash give he , hold it up in front of she and start ringing it furiously . then ... Annie ride into the room on she new bike . annie ( be : bell ) what 's that ? Jack watch as she pedal over , reach into he hand and take the bicycle bell ... annie ( cont’d ) ( examine the bell ) I like this ... ( jump up and give hima peck on the cheek ) ... thanks , dad ! Annie ride excitedly out of the room on she bike . leave Jack and kate alone again ... kate you miss the whole thing , Jack . the pancake , the present ... you spend six hour put that bike together and you do n’t even get to see the look on annied face when she open it ... Jack see the disappointment on she face ... kate ( cont’d ) you miss Christmas , Jack . Jack look down , almost ashamed ... he relent , give in to the moment ... jack i’m ... I ’m sorry . kate look at he . he seem sincere enough ... kate look , we do n’t have time for this right now , we’ll talk about it later . now get dress ... ( point to he outfit ) you’re not wear that to the thompsons’ party . I do n’t care how hilarious you think it be ... jack Party ? oh no , I can n’t go to a party ... kate you look forward to this party all year . what 's with you today ? jack trust I on this kate . I really do n’t think go to a party be the right move for I at the present time . kate look at he a moment , then shake she head . kate Fine . do whatever you want . she pick up the phone , start dial ... jack what be you do ? kate telling my mother she do n’t have to stay with the kid . jack why not ? kate because you’ll be here . kate just look at he . jack I ’ll be ready in ten minute . he walk past she ... toward a hallway door , kate watch he ... he open the door ... itus a closet . jack ( cont’d ) Christ ... ( turn around ) where the hell be the bathroom ? kate funny , Jack . I ’m laugh on the inside . 39 int . bathroom - minute later the light come on ... Jack walk in , look in the mirror , determine to collect himself ... but something 's not right ... he glance around ... the bathroom be small and it 's cluttere with kateus razor , loofah , skin creams ... ... none of this stuff be he ... ...he look in the mirror again , he face revealing a forlorn sense of displacement ... ...he stare at himself until ... he start to lose it ... anger , confusion ... sadness ... finally , he begin break down ... after a moment , he turn on the water , rinsing he face ... 40 int . campbell house , bedroom closet - minute later Jack at the closet door , look at a row of hagar slack , docker sport coat and imitation leather shoe ... he reach in and touch the fabric on one of the sport coat . jack this be just ... ( search for the word ) ... this be sub-par ... Annie appear at the bedroom door , watch Jack at the closet . he turn ... see Annie watch he ... a look exchange ... then , Annie run away ... Jack turn back to the closet and mournfully take a pair of the slack ... 41 ext . thompson house - night Jack and kate , a casserole dish in she hand , walk up the path to this tacky but large house , its outside decorate with the most garish display of Christmas decoration this side of pasaic . kate ring the doorbell ... evelyn thompson , 30 , wear a dress that 's a bit too tight and a bit too low cut , open the door ... evelyn kate ! Jack ! ( turn around , to guest ) everybody , Jack and kate be here ! Jack look right past she ...to the house fill with 50 guest . a loud whoop from the guest ... Jack have the look of a condemn man on he face as he follow kate inside ... 41a int . thompson house - continuous as kate head into the live room , Evelyn take jack arm ... evelyn ( suggestively ) like the dress ...? jack ( glance at it ) it 's lovely ... evelyn ( a satisfied smile ) I think I see you notice it at the kids’ recital . Jack shoot she a confuse look ... then walk in , try to catch up with kate ... 42 int . thompson house - a little later the party be in full swing , Christmas music in the b.g. , guest talk , laugh , drink egg nog ... jack eye dart around the room ... itus large , neater than he and kateus house but still very live in ... the Thompson kide run in and out of the room , play with new toy ... nobody be wear or eat anything import from Europe , but everyone’s have a good time ... ... everyone except for Jack , stand with arnie and the guy , have he ear chew off by nick carelli , a walk advertisement for levi’s cotton docker ... nick do you see Van horn last night ? this kidq gonna single - handedly save basketball in the state of New Jersey ... jack the net ? you’re kid , right ...? Nick look at he in disbelief . jack ( cont’d ) ( recover ) well ... they’re certainly due . bill kramer , a huge pile of fry chicken wing on he plate , tug at jack shirt . bill kramer so tomorrowus the big day , Jackie ... jack okay ... why ? bill kramer triple bypass . I ’m go under the knife . I tell you , do n’t I ? jack triple bypass ? ( point to he plate ) you really think you should be eat all that ? bill kramer why not ? I figure I ’m go in for a clean tomorrow , I might as well load up on the fry stuff tonight ... arnie good think , Bill . have another drink . ( whisper to Jack ) he’ll be lucky if he life through the night ... Nick reach into he pocket and pull out a packet of dutch Masters cigar . he show they to Jack , Jack nod politely . Nick eagerly hand he one ... Nick light jack cigar , then he own ... enjoy that first puff ... smile at Jack ... Jack dutifully take a puff of the cigar ... nod back at Nick ... but it 's a effort ... Evelyn Thompson approach , a tray of mushroom puff in hand ... evelyn ( hold out a puff to Jack ) finger food ...? jack I do n’t think so , thank you ... evelyn ( suggestively ) c’mon , as soon as I put they down , you’re gonna grab a couple ... you always do ... kate see Evelyn and Jack from she position on the other side of the room ... kate watch as ... Evelyn hold the puff up to jack mouth , slowly put it near he lip ... evelyn ( cont’d ) let I . they’ll melt in you mouth ... he instinctively open he mouth as Evelyn push the treat inside ... evelyn ( cont’d ) good ? on jack face ... if freezer burn be a facial expression , this would be it ... jack ( force a smile ) they’re great ! thank you ! ... Evelyn lick she finger suggestively then hand Jack the entire tray with a sexy smile ... a raise eyebrow from kate , still watch ... evelyn mushroom puff aren’t the only thing I do well ... jack well do whatever it be you do well , and just ... just do it . Excuse I ... Evelyn nod as Jack walk toward the staircase ... kate follow Jack with she eye as he climb the stair ... 43 int . thompson house , den - night Jack be sit on the arm of a couch fill with guest '' coat , talk on a football shape telephone ... the tray of mushroom puff on the table ... jack ( loudly , into phone ) ... what do you mean he will n’t come to the phone ?! ( stand , indignant ) do you realize how much money I ’ve make for that sonuvabitch in the last eight year ?! click . a dial tone . Jack slam the phone down ... jack ( cont’d ) damnit ! he slam the phone again ... and again ... and again ... kate ( o.s. ) Jack ...? Jack turn , see kate stand in the doorway , watch he take he frustration out on the phone , concern on she face . kate be you sure you’re okay ...? a force smile from Jack . jack yes , I ’m fine . it 's just this god awful football phone ! who have a phone like this anyway ?! kate ( doubtful ) uh huh ... kate notice the tray of mushroom puff on the table . kate ( cont’d ) you must really love evelynss mushroom puff , huh ? ( with a wink ) you know they’re not real ... she turn and leave ... Jack look at she , confuse ... 44 int . thompson house , live room - a little later Jack come down the stair , a lose look in he eye . he look across the room and see ... kate , with a group of guest , look great in she jeans and white blouse , the center of attention . Jack pass through the guest , people wave to he , slapping he on the back as he approach kate ... he catch kateus eye ... she give he a subtle smile . kate ( to guest ) ... then she ask I to put this sweater on . what choice do I have , right ? Jack watch as kate charm the crowd ... kate ( cont’d ) but as I ’m slip it on I notice sheus misspel the word qlawyer .” ( laugh ) I have to go through the entire day wear a hand embroider sweater that say , '' non -profit layer do it for free .” the guest laugh again . even Jack find himself laugh , until ... jack ( to kate , off -hand ) so you’re a lawyer ...? a chuckle from the group . kateus confuse . jack ( cont’d ) a non-profit lawyer ... people be start to laugh . kate ( a little embarrassed ) Jack ... jack pro bono . you do n’t get pay at all . nobody make a dime . well , bravo ... blank stare from everyone , include kate ... CUT to : 45 int . campbell house , foyer - late night kate and Jack walk in the front door ... the dog greet they happily , jump up on Jack , a weary look on he face . kate I better go wake my mother ... kate grab a leash off a hook and hand it to Jack . kate ( cont’d ) here you go ... jack you’re kid I ... kate she 's you dog , Jack . jack no , sheus not . kate Fine , sheus the kidq dog . letus go wake josh , see if he want to walk she . jack but it 's twenty degree outside ... kate ( sympathetic ) you’re have a bad day , I ’ll go with you ... actually , there 's no way in hell you’re gettinu I back out there ... Jack look at the dogus face . Lucy could n’t be more excited . finally , Jack shake he head and take the leash . kate ( cont’d ) ( head up the stair ) make sure you reward she verbally when she do a number two ... CUT to : 46 ext . suburban STREET - late night the sound of cricket . Jack , wear a down jacket , be be drag down the street by Lucy , he breath condense in the cold winter air . the dog sniff at a hydrant and a couple of garbage can , but be n’t do she business . jack figure it out ... I ’m 's crewe ... do n’t have to be a genius to figure that out ... the dog stop , sniff at a manicure lawn ... jack ( cont’d ) ( to Lucy ) it 's as good a place as any ... but the dog keep move , pull Jack with she . jack ( cont’d ) ... but obviously not up to you high standard ... ( to himself ) okay ...he say you’re work on a new deal now ... fine , you ’ve do a thousand deal , what 's the first thing you do ? lucy sniff around someoned Christmas display but jack too wrap up in he think process to notice . jack ( cont’d ) triage . it 's you signature . you survey the damage , find out everything you can , you probe , leave nothing to chance . I ’m just gonna have to go detective . how do you get mentadent ? you learn everything there be to know about toothpaste and then you pounce ... Jack narrow he eye , think about that deal ... jack ( cont’d ) that 's we play here ... resolute , Jack turn to the dog . jack ( cont’d ) if you could take a dump some time in this century , then we could go home where it 's warm ... Jack look around at the unfamiliar house ... jack ( cont’d ) that be if I can even remember how to get home ... ( to Lucy ) you remember , do n’t you girl ? but the dog ignore he , drag Jack along ... 47 int . campbell house bedroom - late night kate be in bed , fast asleep . Jack walk into the room , he face still red from the cold outside . he look over at kate , sleep happily . he take off he shirt and khakis , lay they neatly on the chair . he look over at the pair of flannel pajamas fold on the dresser . he shake he head , resign , then don the pajamas and climb into bed ... chapter six - be a parent 48 int . campbell house bedroom - morning Morning light stream into the room . the clock read , '' 7:14 .” Jack open he eye '' a burst of light hit they from the window ... like the morning light in he Manhattan loft ... he reach across the bed ... itus empty ... a smile of hope from Jack as he put he head back on the pillow ... maybe it be only a day ... then ... the sound of a baby crying from the next room ... a pain look on jack face as he realize heus still in Jersey . now the baby be wailing ... Jack lie still a moment , hope it’ll stop ... it doesn’t . then , he hear the sound of the shower turn on in the bathroom . he get out of bed and walk to the bathroom ... 49 int . bathroom - continuous the shower be run , a tape player be blasting '' Beast of burden . '' kate be in the shower singing loudly with the song ... jack hello ? no answer ... jack ( cont’d ) ( louder , over music ) hello ! kate ( sing ) ... my foot be hurtin’ ... jack ( yell ) hey ! finally , the music be turn down and kate pull the shower curtain open ... Jack see she naked body ... raise a eyebrow ... that 's something heus miss ... then ... jack ( cont’d ) uh... that baby cry ... kate ( unimpress ) and ...? ...her expression make Jack turn he gaze from she naked body . kate ( cont’d ) do n’t give I that look , Jack , tuesday you day and you know it . and try to get josh to day care on time , okay ? he miss the macaroni painting last week ... she close the curtain and turn the radio back up . CUT to : 50 int . joshus room - morning annied watch from a baby- size laz-e - Boy lounger as ... Jack , in a robe , stand in front of a change table , josh lay happily on he back , play with a set of plastic key . Jack take a fresh huggies diaper and put it next to the baby . he survey josh , scratch he chin and rub he hand like Indiana Jones . josh playfully grab at jack nose . he look over to Annie . she 's still stare at he like heus a martian . he look at the instruction on the box of huggies . jack pull tape ... Jack search the diaper for the tabs of tape , then gingerly pull they apart , release the diaper from the baby bottom , and see what 's inside . jack ( cont’d ) Holy mother of god ! Jack hold the diaper out away from he , search for a place to put it . Annie point to a diaper genie by the dresser . Jack throw the diaper in , then quickly replace the lid . Annie point to the container of baby wipe . jack ( cont’d ) you must be kid ... Annie stare at he a beat . then ... annie you’re not really we dad , be you ? Jack turn to she . she 's look back at he with complete earnestness . they stare at each other another moment . then ... jack no , I ’m not . a look of curiosity from Annie . jack ( cont’d ) I work on Wall Street , you know with the big building ...? no response from Annie ... jack ( cont’d ) I live in a apartment house with a doorman , I can buy just about anything I want ... Annie nod at Jack , still suspicious . jack ( cont’d ) this be n’t my real life . it 's just a glimpse ... annie where 's my real dad ? jack I do n’t know ... a concerned look on annied face , jack petrify that sheus about to cry . jack ( cont’d ) but do n’t worry , he love you and I ’m sure he’ll be back very soon ... ( to himself ) ... very , very soon ... Annie approach Jack , climb up on a little chair and tug firmly at he hair . annie they do a pretty good job . jack who do ? annie the alien ... in the mother ship . you look just like he . jack uhh ... thanks ... slightly better look though , right ? annied now stone face , try to decide about Jack . jack ( cont’d ) you’re not go to start cry , be you ? because I ’m not really sure I could deal with that right now . she think about it for a moment . annie do you like kid ? jack on a case by case basis ... annie you know how to make chocolate milk ? jack I think I could figure it out . annie you promise not to kidnap I and my brother and implant stuff in we brain ? jack sure . beat . then ...a smile from Annie . annie welcome to earth . 51 int . mini - van - morning jack drive , Annie buckle in the front seat ... josh , in the baby seat , look like he be dress by monkey '' he shirt button be off by one , and they’re clearly suppose to be in the back . annie stop here ... Jack stop the van outside the playland Day Care Center . annie ( cont’d ) this be day care . it 's where baby go when they parent be at work . jack check ... he get out of the van ... 52 ext . mini - van - continuous ...he pull josh out and walk quickly toward the building , hold the baby away from he body . he get to the door and hold josh out to the day care lady . she stare at josh’s outfit ... jack do I get a receipt or something ...? the woman look at Jack like heus crazy . 53 ext . ymca - a few minute later the mini-van pull up to the drop -off point at this suburban New Jersey y. Annie open the door . annie I have winter camp until four , then ballet until five thirty . jack five thirty . okay . annie try not to be late because kid do n’t like to be the last one pick up . jack get it . good tip . annie bye ... chapter seven - a tire salesman Jack watch she as she run toward the building . then ... jack ( call out window ) hey ! Annie ! Annie turn back toward he . jack ( cont’d ) where do I go now ? annie Big edus . jack Big edus ? Big edus tire ? ( suspicious ) why ...? annie that 's where you work . a beat . then ... jack you mean I sell tire ... she shrug she shoulder and walk off . jack ( cont’d ) that 's what I do . I ’m a tire salesman ... CUT to : 54 int . mini - van - a little later jack drive down a busy commercial street when he spot something a hundred yard down the road ... jack good Lord ... ...a huge , three - story - tall plastic likeness of Big Ed reynold , ten gallon hat , lassoing a tire ... 55 ext . big edus tire - moment later Jack approach Big edus from the parking lot ... slowly , take it all in ... it 's like a pep boy with a Texas theme . a big retail store for tire and auto part , and a repair bay for everything from alignment to brake job ... Jack walk to the tire bay where hector , 40s , a guatemalan mechanic in grease - stain coverall , stand with tommy the salesman . tommy hey Jack , you happen to know the stock number on that new michelin x1' ? jack uh... lemme get back to you on that one ... ( look at he name tag ) Tommy ... hector ( to Tommy ) Thomas , why you bother Jack about that . look it up yourself ... ( to Jack ) okay Jack , we talk later ... Jack nod amiably then continue into the store ... 56 int . big edus tire - continuous Jack walk in ... look around ... the store be teeming with activity , a post-holiday sale in progress ... Big Ed , in he signature ten gallon hat , see Jack from behind the counter ... big ed Jack my boy ! you be look mighty worse for the wear ... hey , guess who I play bridge with two night ago ...? Jack stare blankly at Big Ed ... big ed ( cont’d ) Hell , you’ll never guess . one Sydney Potter . that 's Sydney Potter , Chief executive Officer of buyrite Transport . only the third large truck company in the state . I even let the sonuvabitch win , which be n’t easy because the guy be bashed in the head by teamster so many time he braind like porridge . anyhoo , heus look for a new part supplier ... we can handle that kind of volume , right ? Jack consider this briefly . jack I ’m gonna have to get back to you on that ... Ed . Big Ed make a gun gesture with he forefinger , winking at Jack , then turn back to the activity at the counter as ... Jack spot kenny , a very young sale associate , walk by . he reach out and tap Kenny on the shoulder . jack ( cont’d ) do I have a private office somewhere in the building ? kenny uh...sure Jack ... ( nervously point ) right back there ... jack thank you . Jack walk into the office with he name on the door ... 57 int . jack office - continuous there 's no stairmaster here , no leather sofa or bar ... itus small , cramped and cluttere , the wall litter with tire inventory and price list ... Jack take a slow , sad lap around the office . he make it to the small wooden desk at the far end of the room and sit down behind it ... on the desk be photo of Jack , kate and the kid , a plastic michelin man model , a tire - theme day calendar and a small plastic figurine of a bowler , the word , '' bowler do it in a alley '' emboss on its base ... he survey the desktop briefly , then open the top drawer , find a personal checkbook and look inside ... he see the bottom line and wince , then put it back ... Jack pick up the '' bowler do it in a alley '' figurine and give it a good look ... jack bowler do it in a alley ?... non profit lawyer do it for free ... what be it with this people ? do n’t they realize this refer to sex ? he replace the figurine then open the bottom drawer where he spot a bottle of glenfiddich . he lift it out ... jack ( cont’d ) at least you splurge on some decent scotch ... he take a paper cup and pour himself a shot . he drink it down in one gulp and then crumple up the cup , throw it toward the netus basketball hoop / garbage can near the door . he miss ... he look more closely at the photograph ... most be family photo , a happy Jack with kate , with Annie at the pony ride , at josh’s birth ... in every one of they , Jack be smile ... jack ( cont’d ) ( to Jack in the photo ) what be you smile about ...? he turn he head ... spot a small plaque on the wall behind he . it read , '' Jack Campbell - e.f. hutton # 1 junior sale associate , 1988 . '' Jack raise a eyebrow ... jack ( cont’d ) number one ... not bad . he grab it off the wall and look at it more carefully ... jack ( cont’d ) 1988 ...? I be in London in 1988 ... jack jarre into reality ... jack ( cont’d ) ( to Jack in the photo ) you never go to London ... ( pick up the photo ) ... you never get on that plane ... he stay there a moment ... in shock . then ... the p.a. system come to life ... estelle ( over p.a. ) Jack to mag wheel ... Jack , you’re need in mag wheel , customer wait ! CUT to : 58 int . big edus tire , MAIN floor - minute later Kenny lead Jack toward the '' mag wheel '' section . jack ... I be the number one junior sale associate at e.f. hutton in 1988 . do you know that ? kenny no , I didn’t ... that 's great . jack that 's the kind of thing you can really build on ... kenny uh huh ... jack I mean sale have always be a feeder for m and a , always ... they approach '' mag wheel '' where tommy , a slick sale associate , stand with a customer look at the display ... kenny here we be , mag wheel ... ( a little concerned ) hey Jack , be you sure you’re okay ? jack well , I ’m just a little confuse right now about why I work here ... Kenny look at he nervously . kenny uh ... I just start here last Tuesday . Jack nod compassionately . Kenny take off leave Jack alone with he thought as Tommy approach with the customer . tommy ( to the customer ) so you’re all set on the skip shift eliminator and the brembo rotor . jack we point man on alloy wheel ... jack ( turn to Tommy ) do you know why do I work here ...? tommy because you’re the best damn tire guy in the state of New Jersey ... ( proudly , to the customer ) Jack teach I everything I know about the business ... the customer nod , impressed . jack I teach you the business ? another nod to the customer . tommy and heus a crack -up . jack everything I teach you . I want to hear it all , right now . Tommy 's confuse . customer hey , I ’m ready to buy here ... jack ( to the customer ) what do you want ? customer I want some alloy wheel . Jack grab one of the alloy rim off the shelf , hold it out to the customer . jack here . this be great . you’ll need four . the customer take the wheel from Jack , look at it confuse ... customer but I do n’t like this ... jack hey , you hear the guy , I ’m the best damn tire guy in the state of New Jersey . ( turn to Tommy ) everything . tommy okay ... ( hesitate ) rule number one , the customer be always right ... a satisfied smirk from the customer . 59 int . big edus tire , jack office - late afternoon Jack be behind he desk , he tie loosen , on the phone ... jack ( into phone ) ... I have no idea what we inventory level be , that 's why I ’m ask you ... a knock at the door ... jack ( cont’d ) look , just send we what you send we last month , okay ...? and keep do that until further notice ... he hang up the phone as the door open . Big Ed stick he head in ... big ed get a minute , Jack ? jack I ’ve get all the time in the world ... Big Ed walk in , follow by sydney potter , 60 , a tough look man ... big ed Jack , meet Sydney Potter , buyrite Transport , one of jersey top businessman ... Potter extend a hand , Jack rise from he chair , try to place the name . then ... jack ... and a helluva bridge player . edus tell I a lot about you ... they shake hand . Potter nod he head at Jack , immediately impressed . Big Ed be beam . potter ( in a heavy Jersey accent ) lucky in card , lucky in business , lucky in love . my cup runneth over ... ( to Big Ed ) he 's a nice look boy ... big ed my daughterus no slouch either ... a smile from Potter , then a serious look . potter letus cut to the chase , Jack . Big Ed tell I you’re the grease that make the wheel turn around here . I need a new part supplier for my fleet . you seem to have the part . that we know . what we do n’t know be why the hell I should buy they from you . Potter stare Jack down . but jack not about to be intimidate by he . he pause , match potterus stare . then ... jack I have no idea ... a surprised look from Potter . a anxious laugh from Big Ed . big ed ( nervous ) c’mon Jack ... jack ( to Potter ) I mean it . from what I can tell , we’re a mom and pop operation , we’re already over - extend in sale , and any price advantage we could offer would easily be match by a larger supplier ... Jack continue to stare down Potter . jack ( cont’d ) so like I say , I do n’t have any idea why you should buy you part from we ... the stare match continue . Big edus get more nervous . potterus the first to blink . potter okay , you get my attention ... jack except for rule number one ... Jack smile . jack ( cont’d ) the customer be always right . a cliché ? sure . the difference be , we mean it . we’re small , we need we customer . we can n’t afford to disappoint they , ever . yeah , you could go to some leviathan supplier , probably save a few penny on the price of oil filter , but with we you get more than a supplier , you get a bridge partner ... a smile from Potter . Jack give Ed a wink . Ed watch , thrilled ... jack ( cont’d ) you want to bid heart , we’re right there with you . you feel the need to redouble , you’re not go to get any argument from we ... Potter nod at Jack . Jack move in for the kill . jack ( cont’d ) the big guy may have the high card , but you know as well as I do , Sydney , high card do n’t always take the trick . Potter pause a minute , then ... potter ( to Big Ed , be : Jack ) I like he ... Big Ed smile , let out a relieved sigh . big ed ( a wink to Jack ) that 's my boy ... ( a arm around Potter ) c’mon , lemme show you the rest of the ranch ... Big Ed and Potter exit the office ... big ed ( cont’d ) ( turn back to Jack ) Nice shootin’ , Jack ... ... leave Jack there with a satisfied smile on he face . 60 int . campbell house bedroom - night Jack be in bed watch cnbc ... on the tv a young woman reporter at the anchork desk ... cnbc reporter ( on t.v. ) ... advancer lead decliner by a nine to four ratio and the close tick be a mildly bullish plus seventy six . much of the marketus action today be fuel by the latest round of merger mania to hit Wall Street ... the Global Health system and medtech logo appear on a graphic in the corner of the screen ... cnbc reporter ( cont’d , on t.v. ) ... when Global Health system and medtech pharmaceutical announce they intention to join force in a massive one hundred and twenty two billion dollar stock swap deal . though neither side express significant regulatory concern at the announcement press conference , it be believe that both the fda and the ftc will be closely scrutinize the marriage , the large ever in the health care industry . when ask about possible anti - competitive implication , Global Chairman Bob Thomas refer reporter to p.k. lassiter and company President Alan mintz , the original architect behind the deal ... Jack stare in shock as the image change to a super confident look mintz shaking Bob thomas’ hand at the press conference . cnbc reporter ( cont’d , on t.v. ) ironically , mintz first meet Thomas at a lamaze class ... jack a lamaze class ...!? cnbc reporter ( on t.v. ) ... while coach they pregnant wife , mintz and T homa strike up a dialogue about the need for consolidation in the rapidly grow health care industry and two month later , the deal with medtech be bear ... jack what ?! that 's my deal ? cnbc reporter ( on t.v. ) in other business news , U.S. Labor Department official announce today that two hundred and seventy - five thousand new job be create last month , twenty - five thousand less than economist be predict , lead to a mild rally in the bond market before midday . but as the trading session draw to a close , the profit taker step in and the long bond close at ninety seven even , up only two tick , the yield inching down to six point zero seven percent ... kate come into the room from the hallway wear only jack nyu sweatshirt ... kate the kid be asleep ... she go over to the window and draw the blind . Jack look up at she , nod , then go back to the tv . kate ( cont’d ) Jack . I say the kid be asleep ... jack ( distract ) well that 's just great ... that little monkey can be a real handful ... kate shut off the tv . jack ( cont’d ) hey ! I be watch that ! kate I think we have a deal about you watch cnbc in bed . jack I ’m work on a new deal now ... kate throw a kate bush '' the sensual World '' into the CD player . kate Fine , but not tonight ... she climb onto the bed , a seductive look on she face . jack wait a second . you want I , do n’t you ? kate that be the general idea , yes ... kate start kissing he ... but jack a little uncomfortable with the sudden intimacy ... he pull back , a little nervous . jack should n’t we grab some dinner first ? maybe a bottle of wine ...? kate it 's ten thirty , Jack . by eleven you’re gonna be sprawle out on the bed snore you head off . we do n’t have time for wining and dining . jack whatever you say ... honey . she start kissing he again ... but this time he just go with it , and as she hand run through he hair heus bring back to a different time and place ... Jack momentarily pull back and look at she ... itus like the first time heus really look at she in eleven year ... jack ( cont’d ) God ... you’re beautiful ... she smile at he , almost uncomfortable with the compliment ... kate thanks , Jack ... jack no , I ’m serious ... you’re really stun ... kate this be good stuff , Jack , keep it come ... jack I mean back in college , you be a very pretty girl , there 's no question about that . but this ... ( lose in she ) ... you’ve really grow into a beautiful woman ... Jack stare at she , entrance ... kate pull back , reacting to the intensity in he stare ... kate how can you do that ? jack ( nervous ) do what ? kate look at I like you have n’t see I every day for the last twelve year ... Jack freeze . there 's love in she eye but it 's not mean for he ... she kiss he ... kate ( cont’d ) do n’t move . she get up off the bed and head for the bathroom ... he look around ... not sure what to do ... finally ... he turn onto he side and close he eye ... kate emerge from the bathroom , she see Jack on the bed , hear he breathe heavy with sleep ... at once charme and disappointed , kate sigh . she turn off the CD player and head into bed . she pull the cover up over Jack , shutting off the light ... she put a arm around he , kissing he sweetly on the neck ... kate ( cont’d ) ‘night , honey ... Close in on jack face ... turn away from kate ... he open he eye ... look down at she arm ... loneliness on he face ... chapter EIGHT - the menus department dissolve to : 61 ext . mall - day it 's mid-January and all sign of the Christmas season be go except for the snow on the ground in the busy parking lot . 62 int . macyus , menus dept . - day kate , push josh in the stroller and hold annied hand , pass through the menus dept. , Jack lag behind , a bevy of shopping bag in hand and a beleaguere look on he face . kate ( back to Jack ) we’re almost do here ... annie Mary jane , Mom . you promise . kate that 's right . okay , letus make a quick stop at the kid '' shoe department , pick up my watch from the battery place , then I ’ll run into the linen store ... a unhappy look on jack face . jack why do n’t we just go to all the store ?! kate look back at Jack . jack ( cont’d ) every single store in this godforsake shopping mall . we can go to they all . kate give he a look . then ... kate you know what , Jack ?! I ’ll go with the kid . why do n’t you just hang out here in the menus department ... okay ? Jack glance at the menus dept. , sigh and give kate a nod . she take off with the kid ... and then he see it ... ... the Zegna section . he’s draw to the neat row of beautiful suit like a moth to the light ... he approach the rack , pull out a dark green suit , gently touch the soft wool . salesman ( o.s. ) it 's perfect for you frame ... Jack turn and see a salesman stand behind he . salesman would you like to try it on ? CUT to : 63 int . macyus menus dept . - a little later Jack , at a mirror wear the Zegna suit . it be perfect for he frame . the color be spectacular , the line be dazzle . Jack look in the mirror , shutting everything else out ... it 's like heus see he old self ... kate ( o.s. ) you look amazing in that suit ... Jack snap out of he trance . he see kate stand behind he , Annie and josh happily play a few foot away . kate I mean ...wow ...off the chart great . jack it 's a unbelievable thing . wearing this suit actually make I feel like a better person . ( take one final look ) I ’m gonna buy it ... kate raise a eyebrow , then look at the price tag . kate $ 2,400 ?! be you out of you mind ? jack ( point to annied new Mary jane ) she get that shoe ... kate that shoe be twenty five dollar . c’mon , take it off . we’ll go to the food court and get one of that funnel cake you like . Jack look at she ... itus a moment of decision . jack no . kate look at Jack , a little surprised . kate no ? jack do you have any idea what my life be like ? kate Excuse I ? jack I wake up in the morning cover in dog saliva ... I drop the kid off , spend eight hour sell tire retail ... retail , kate . kate just stand here , aghast ... jack ( cont’d ) I pick up the kid , walk the dog , which by the way , carry the add bonus of carting away she monstrous crap ... I play with the kid , take out the garbage , get six hour of sleep if I ’m lucky , and then it start all over again ... and why be it that I always have to drive everyone everywhere ? I spend practically my entire day in that slow as hell mini-van listen to raffi tape and try to figure out how the cup holder work ... I ’m sick of it . kate really . jack what 's in it for I ? where be my Mary jane ? kate stare at he , shaking she head ... kate it 's sad to hear you life be such a disappointment to you , Jack . jack I can n’t believe it 's not a disappointment to you ! ( let it all out ) Jesus , kate , I could’ve be a thousand time the man I become . how could you do this to I ? how could you let I give up on my dream like this ?! kate stare at he in disbelief . then ... kate who be you ? kateus word pierce Jack ... he have to avert he eye . jack ( lowering he voice ) look , I ’m sorry . I ’m sorry I be such a saint before and I ’m such a prick now . maybe I ’m just not the same guy I be when we get marry ... kate maybe you’re not . the Jack Campbell I marry would n’t need a $ 2400 suit to make himself feel better about he life , but if that 's what it 's gonna take , then buy it . just buy the goddamn suit ... we can take the money out of the kids’ college fund . they stare at each other for a moment ... a stand -off ... jack forget it ... ( take off the jacket ) we’ll get a funnel cake . it ’ll be the highlight of my week ... 64 ext . new jersey road - night the blue mini-van make its way down this road ... 65 int . mini - van - night there 's a icy silence in the car ... Jack be behind the wheel , kate next to he look out the window , anger on she face ... chapter nine - reminiscing Jack check the rear-view mirror , see Annie and josh in the back , both asleep ... jack ( to kate ) listen , I ’m sorry about that back in the store . I really do n’t want to fight with you ... kate just keep look out the window . jack ( cont’d ) but you must sometimes wonder how we end up here . I mean back in college , do you see we ... ( look around ) ...here ...? she turn to he . kate I ’ll give you this , life have throw we a few surprise ... a glimmer in jack eye ... jack it really have , have n’t it ? so if you have to ... what would you say be the biggest surprise ? she glance at the kid sleep in the back . kate well ... Annie for one . jack surprise . we’re pregnant ... ( a laugh ) yeah ... that must’ve be ... I mean that be very unexpected . but what be you gonna do , right ? kate I think it work out okay , do n’t you ? jack sure . I really like Annie . kate good , Jack . maybe we’ll keep she . jack no , I love Annie . we have a lot of good time , do n’t we ? kate we be young ... ( a nostalgic smile ) remember that little place on Charles Street we use to go to ? jack Charles Street ? in the Village ? when we be live in greenwich Village ...? ( off she nod ) great time . why’d we ever leave ? kate you can n’t really raise a kid in a apartment in the Village ... Jack nod , start to piece it together . kate ( cont’d ) the trek out to the hospital every day do n’t help either ... ( look at he ) you be great . survive the heart attack be one thing ... jack you have a heart attack ? kate ( a laugh ) Jack , stop that . I be still mad at you ... ( a sigh ) ... who know what would’ve happen if you have n’t step in at the store . jack that 's why I work for Big Ed ? a look from kate . jack ( cont’d ) ( recover ) I mean , that 's why I work for Big Ed ... Jack look out at the road a moment , piece it all together in he mind . jack ( cont’d ) ( almost to himself ) so we have a baby , Big Ed have a heart attack , we b ought that house , and I ’ve be work for he ever since ... sayonara , Wall Street . kate look at he a little strangely . jack ( cont’d ) ( turn to she ) we life in a nutshell ... kate if you want to look at it that way ... jack how would you look at it ? she glance again at the kid in the back seat , then at Jack . kate a great success story ... a smile from Jack . he admire she outlook even if he can n’t bring himself to share it . dissolve to : 66 int . bowling alley - evening a crowded suburban New Jersey bowl alley ... Jack stand at a lane hold a bowl ball , the nickname '' the hammer” emblazon over he bowl shirt pocket ... he approach the line and throw the ball down the lane ... it 's ugly ... the ball carom off the hardwood into the gutter . jack damn ... arnie ( o.s. , from behind ) Jesus , Jack , this be a league match , for godus sake ! Jack turn . arnie and the bowling team be in the scorekeep area watch Jack make a mockery of the sport . Jack scowl . arnie ( cont’d ) where 's you follow through ? where 's you stance ? jack hey , I ’m do the best I can ... ( under he breath ) i’d like to see you hit a squash ball after seventeen beer ... arnie you’re right . why be I so competitive !? compensation , I guess . look , just focus , Jack . you can still pick up the spare ... Jack retrieve he ball , set up , genuinely concentrate ... jack ( quietly , to himself ) you be Jack Campbell . you’re better than this sport . you shot the rapid at kenai . you run with the bull at Pamplona . you jump out of a plane over the mojave Desert , for christ sake . you can do this ... Jack put everything he have into the throw , heaving the ball down the lane with as much grace and power as he can muster ... hit the six pin and take out four other . jack ( cont’d ) ( scream , excited ) yeah !! he turn , a fist pump ... but the guy could care less ... arnie ( to teammate ) okay , Pete , you’re up . 67 int . bowling alley - late Jack walk out of the menus room , head toward the lounge . he see a familiar face walk toward he ... a woman in a sexy little bowl outfit , carry a bowl ball to a far lane . evelyn hi Jack ... a moment of confusion as he try to place the face . then ... jack Evelyn , right ? evelyn very funny . I see you out there on lane five . what do you have the flu or something ? jack something like that . evelyn ( with a wink ) need a nurse ? jack you’re a nurse ? Evelyn laugh . evelyn if that 's what you want ... she brushes past Jack , continue to she lane ... Jack follow she with he eye a moment , then ... jack wait a second ... she turn . jack ( cont’d ) be we ...? evelyn be we what , Jack ? jack be there something go on between we ? evelynss surprised at jack directness . she stand there a beat , then walk back toward he . evelyn be we finally be honest ? jack it would help I if we be . evelyn okay , you’re right , we’ve be dance around this for year ... Evelyn look a little flush ... she briefly fan she face . evelyn ( cont’d ) God , my heart be racing . here go ... ( a smile ) when I get dress for a party and I know you’re go to be there ... well , letus just say I do n’t go strapless because my husband like it ... a intrigue smile from Jack . evelyn ( cont’d ) I ’ve get six set of snow tire pile up in my garage and I will n’t even drive in the snow ... and we kid just happen to be in the same ballet class every year ? she pick a piece of lint off he shirt . evelyn ( cont’d ) so , if you’re ask I whether i’d like it to be more , the answer be yes ... a look of surprise from Jack . evelyn ( cont’d ) ... and kate would never have to know . Jack consider this for a moment . jack do I have you number ? a wide smile from Evelyn . evelyn steve’s out of town with the kid this week . why do n’t you just stop by ... she turn , leave Jack stand there , watch she sashay back to she lane . 68 int . bowling alley , lounge - second later Jack walk into the lounge , a little daze . he head over to arnie who' have a beer at the bar . arnie ( look at Jack ) hey Jack , you’re all flush . I guess that seventy - one take a lot outta you . jack ( sit down ) I just see Evelyn Thompson . arnie she be relentless . jack she want to have a affair with I . arnie she say that ? jack pretty much . arnie oh yeah ... ( shaking he head ) what be it about you ? jack ( push over a napkin ) so could you write down she exact address ? arnie whoa ... whoa ... wait a second , Jack . you’re not actually gonna cheat on kate ? jack it would n’t really be cheating ... ( off arnieq doubtful look ) it 's complicated . arnie look , maybe I ’m not as good a consigliere as you be but you have to trust I on this one . a little flirtation harmless but you’re play with fire here . the Fidelity Bank and trust be a tough creditor . you make a deposit somewhere else , they close you account forever . jack I ’m tell you , that rule do n’t apply to I , arn . arnie ( a chuckle ) screw the rule . I ’m talk about the choice . Jack look at he curiously . arnie ( cont’d ) c’mon , Evelyn thompsonk get no class . she do n’t marry Dr. Steve , the womand live in a trailer . jack hey , be that really necessary ? arnie all I ’m say it there be n’t a guy in Union County who would n’t give he leave nut to be marry to kate ... arnie take one last swig of he beer and get up ... arnie ( cont’d ) I ’ll see ya later , Jack ... he leave Jack alone , think ... chapter ten - cake war 69 int . campbell house - night Jack walk into the house carry he bowl bag . he dump the bag in the coat closet and walk into the kitchen where ... kate be at the counter , she back to he , poring over some legal document . kate ( not look up ) how be the game , honey ? jack ( open the fridge ) Long , boring , and generally pretty sad . arnie seem to enjoy it ... ( peer inside ) hey , where 's that chocolate cake ...? kate turn around , revealing a huge hunk of chocolate cake on a plate in front of she , a bite ready to go into she mouth . kate ( with a smile ) you mean this chocolate cake ? jack that 's my piece . I be save it because I get nauseate from that store buy chicken . kate take the bite , a little piece of icing stick to the side of she mouth . kate it 's good ... Jack approach the counter . jack gimme that cake . she take another bite . kate no way . he make a grab for the plate but she hold it out where he can n’t reach it . jack c’mon . kate sorry , Jack . it 's too important to I . they stare each other down a moment . then ... he try to swipe the plate . kate jump out of she chair , run out of the kitchen with the cake , laugh ... Jack take off after she ... chase she through the house ... just about the catch up to she when ... she dart up the stair , still laugh ... he follow she ... jack I want that cake ! ... reach up ... grab she shirt ... pull she down playfully on top of he ... kate ( laugh ) you want the cake !? jack ( out of breath ) I want it ... she look at he , then take the whole piece in she hand and smoosh it right in he mouth ... beat . then , Jack start laugh ... jack ( cont’d ) thank you ... kate it 's good , right ? he take a big clump of it and smoosh it in she mouth . they stay there a moment , lie on the stair , feed each other cake , laugh . Jack lean back on the stair . he look at kateus face , practically cover in cake , smile , and realize ... ...he have n’t laugh like this in thirteen year . then ... jack be the kid asleep ? a sexy smile from kate ... they start kissing passionately right there on the step ... itus heating up ... kate ( catch up in the moment ) say it , Jack ... jack what ...? kate c’mon , you know what I like to hear ... jack ( in the throes of passion ) yeah , baby , I know what you like to hear ... kate ( kissing he ) then say it ... just say it to I ...! jack ( sweep up in the moment ) oh yeah , you’re a bad girl , baby ... you make I so hot ... I ’m gonna take you to that special place ... kate pull away . kate what ...? Jack look up at she , he can practically see the passion drain from she face ... jack not it ...? kate Nice , Jack . you’re sweeping I off my foot . jack what ? you make I hot ... she get up and head up the step , disappear into the bedroom ... Jack shake he head , frustrated . then , he feel something lick at he hand ... he look down and see Lucy stand next to he , wag she tail , look up at Jack with a '' I ’ve gotta go” look on she face . Jack heave a sigh , then ... jack ( cont’d ) c’mon , Lucy , maybe one of we can get a little relief tonight ... he lead the dog toward the front door ... 70 ext . suburban STREET - minute later Jack be walk Lucy . he pass a house that look familiar to he . then he see it ... ... the name '' thompson '' etched on the mailbox ... it 's the Thompson house , now san the garish Christmas decoration , a drying Christmas tree tie up on the curb , ready to be pick up as garbage ... Jack stop , pull the dog back , look up at the house ... he see a light on in the upstairs bedroom ... the faint outline of a woman read by the window ... evelyn thompson ... Jack look around , see the street be empty , then nudge the dog , lead she up the path to the house . he get to the front door ... move he hand up to the doorbell ... but it 's a tentative move ... he keep it there a moment , perch at the button ... but for some reason he can n’t bring himself to push it ... he look down the street , toward he own house , then to the window upstairs . finally , he turn ... jack ( pull the leash ) c’mon , girl , letus go home ... 71 int . campbell house foyer - minute later the front door open and Jack walk in with Lucy on a leash , he face red from the cold outside . he give the dog a pat on the rump , then take off he coat , hang it and the leash on a hook by the door ... he walk through the quiet house , into the live room , rub he hand together to warm they up . chapter eleven '' home movie he go over to a glass bar stand and pour himself a scotch , take a sip , let the alcohol warm he ... he stroll through the room , look at some of the family photo frame and hang on the wall , focus on he own face in the picture , study the expression ... he move to a pile of video tape sit on a shelf , mark with title like , '' trip to yosemite , '' 96 " and '' josh’s 1st birthday . '' he run he finger along the tape , stop at one mark , '' Jack sing . '' his eye linger there a moment ... he put he drink down and pop the tape in the vcr ... on tv : it 's a party for kateus birthday throw at the kramers’ house ... same crowd of people as the Christmas party , cheesy '' happy birthday '' decoration . the image jerk up and down , surveying the crowd ... Bill Kramer at the piano , play some light cocktail music ... kate talk with a group of friend ... arnie ( o.s. ) Jesus , Bill , this thing be a antique . do n’t you even have image stabilization ? Bill stop play and look up at arnie . bill kramer four hundred buck at best buy , arn . then ... Jack come into frame , a confident smile on he face . jack and everyone know image stabilization be for the weak ... Jack be jarre by the image of himself on the video ... Jack on tv ...he smile as kate walk into frame , easily put a arm around Jack ... arnie so Jack , it 's you wife' birthday , get anything to say to she ? jack ( to kate ) it 's you birthday ? today ? what 's you name ? where be you bear ? kate Jack . jack wait a minute . you’re my wife ? she slap he playfully on the arm ... jack ( cont’d ) I do have one thing I wanna say ... kate look at he expectantly . then ... jack ( cont”d ) ( sing to she ) oh that finger in my hair , that sly come hither stare , strip my conscience bare , it 's witchcraft ... Jack do n’t have the great voice in the world but heus not the least bit self - conscious ... and kate seem to like it , there 's a twinkle in she eye ... some of the guest focus they attention on Jack and kate . Jack wince , embarrassed , as he watch himself sing ... jack ( cont’d ) ... and I ’ve get no defense for it , that heat be too intense for it , what good would common sense for it do ... Bill Kramer still at the piano , chime in with the basic chord for '' witchcract , '' sounding it out as he go along ... jack ( cont’d ) ...‘ Cause it 's witchcraft , wick witchcraft ... and although I know it 's strictly taboo ... when you rouse the need in I , my heart say yes indeed in I , proceed with what you’re leadin’ I to ... the camera catch the reaction of guest in the crowd ... the woman , smile on they face , wrap up in the romance of the moment . envy on the menus face as they watch Jack serenade he wife ... a musical interlude from Bill as Jack take off he jacket ... some hoot and hollers from the crowd ... arnie capture the image of kate whistling at she husband ... arnie follow with the camera as Jack stroll in front of the gather guest ... jack ( cont’d ) it 's such a ancient pitch , but one that I ’d never switch , there ain’t no nicer witch than you ... Jack watch himself move gracefully . but it 's no longer embarrassment on he face , it 's fascination ... back in the video , the camera catch Evelyn Thompson watch longingly as Jack move back toward kate ... Evelyn can n’t take it anymore , she abruptly turn and walk toward the kitchen ... Jack raise a eyebrow ... in the video ... Jack approach kate , she could n’t have a more delighted look on she face . he pick up the verse ... jack ( cont’d ) '' Cause it 's witchcraft , that koo koo witchcraft ... and although I know it 's strictly taboo ... the camera pan across the crowd , even the man be get into it , focus on Jack as he sing lovingly , unashame , to he wife ... Nick careli mouth the word along with Jack , almost as if heus study he , revering he ... Jack watch the tv , see Nick do this ... maybe he underestimate he alter ego ... on the video ... Jack stare into kateus eye ... jack ( cont’d ) ... when you rouse the need in I , my heart say yes indeed to I , proceed with what you’re leadin’ I to ... Jack and kate exchange a sexy smile ... jack ( cont’d ) it 's such a ancient pitch , but one that I ’d never switch ... Jack kiss she on the lip ... hoot and hollers from the crowd . jack ( cont’d ) '' Cause there 's no nicer witch than you ... kate brushes a hand across jack face ... smash cut to Jack watch this ... see the connection , the heat between they ... covete it ... back to the video ... the music building ... the crowd completely in the palm of jack hand ... jack ( cont’d ) ... than you ... the camera close in on Jack and kate as the music build to a crescendo ... jack ( cont’d ) ... than you ... a little musical flourish from Bill as the crowd break out into huge cheer and applause ... Jack , watch this other version of himself in the video , the center of attention , larger than life , focus on kate ... back on video ... jack ( cont’d ) ( speak quietly to kate ) happy birthday sweetheart ... I love you . kate lean over , give Jack a deep kiss ... oohs and ahhs from the crowd ... but Jack and kate be in they own little world ... Jack continue to watch himself on the video , he smile fade , become a look of realization ... then loss ... a tear at the corner of he eye ... the SOUND fade in jack head as the action in the video continue ... he 's leave stand there ... silent , still ... dissolve to : 72 int . campbell master bedroom - early morning Lucy lick jack face . Jack push the dog away ...as ... the alarm ring . kate push the button to stop it . kate ( groggy ) time to get up , honey ... Jack oblige without question , get out of bed , put on a robe and slipper and exite , still practically half - asleep . 73 int . kitchen - second later Jack walk into the kitchen . he turn on the Mr. coffee , get a bottle from the fridge , throw it in the microwave , remove it , and head upstairs . 74 int . joshus room - continuous ... into josh’s room . josh be wide awake , stand up in he crib , like a prisoner in a cell . Jack give he the bottle , pat he head perfunctorily , and then walk out of the room ... chapter twelve - happy anniversary 75 int . bedroom - continuous ... and back into the bedroom to find kate , sit on the bed , a wrap present in front of she and a wide smile on she face . Jack stop , raise a eyebrow at the gift . he look behind , as if to ask whether it 's for he , then back to kate . kate happy anniversary , honey ... terror on jack face . kate ( cont’d ) ( push the gift forward ) before you do whatever crazy stunt you’ve get plan I want you to open mine ... Jack muster up a smile , then approach the gift . jack maybe I should wait ... kate no , open it ... he hesitates , then begin unwrap the package , revealing ... ...a suit , similar in color and style to the Zegna suit ... kate ( cont’d ) I find it at a outlet store . I know it 's a knock -off , but I think it’ll look great on you ... jack ( examine the label ) Zeena ... Jack be overcome with emotion ... yes , it 's a zeena , but this be probably the nicest thing anyoney ever do for he ... jack ( cont’d ) ( tear up ) you really be incredible ... kate enjoy it , sweetheart ... Jack look at kateus expectant face , suddenly remember how truly screw he be . jack you’re probably expect something from I ... he 's sweat bullet ... watch as kate get a quizzical look on she face ... jack ( cont’d ) here 's the thing . I really have n’t plan on give you you ...uh... anniversary gift until tonight . ( a uncomfortable smile ) you know , anniversary 's good all day ... kate what be you talk about ? you never wait all day . you can barely wait until it 's light out . jack I know that , but ... beat . kate look at he like sheus look into he soul . kate you forget . Jack stand there , silent . kate ( cont’d ) you actually forget we anniversary . jack I ’ll fix it . i’ll go out right now and get you something . i’ll make it right . that do n’t help . kate ( hold back the tear ) Jesus , Jack ... be this where we be now ? be this we marriage ? suddenly I ’m the wife who have to drop hint two week before she anniversary so she husband do n’t fuck it up ? Jack see a tear run down she face ... a pang of guilt on he ... jack please do n’t cry ... kate wipe the tear away but they just keep come . kate ( shaking she head , cry ) I do n’t want to be that , Jack ... Jack approach she , hold out a hand but kate push it away , get up and walk toward the bathroom ... Jack be leave stand alone , hold kateus gift ... CUT to : 76 int . front porch - minute later Jack emerge from the house , step out onto the porch for some air ... he shake he head , a mixture of frustration and self - pity on he face . he notice annied bike lean against the side of the porch , and the bell that Cash give he sit on its handle bar . he take a step toward it , and give the bell a gentle ring ... he look around , as if heus expect someone to appear ... but there 's no one . he ring the bell again , louder this time , really try to attract someoned attention . jack c’mon...c’mon ... nothing . finally , he lift the bike up in the air , ringing the bell with everything heus get ... jack ( cont’d ) ( shouting to the sky ) c’mon , goddamnit , how be I suppose to know the date of they anniversary !? I never marry she ! pull back ... Annie in the doorway ... look at he . annie ( slowly ) put the bicycle back on the ground ... Jack turn and see she , gently lowering the bicycle . 77 int . campbell house kitchen - morning Jack be mixing a glass of chocolate milk . Annie , arm fold , be wait expectantly . he finish , slide the glass to she . she take a long sip , put the glass down , a chocolate milk mustache on she lip . annie not bad ... I shoulda warn you . dad always do something really special for they anniversary . jack like what ? annie one year he have a solar system name after she ... jack do n’t you think that 's a little gimmicky ? annie Mom like it . Jack raise a eyebrow . jack maybe there 's a jewelry store back at the mall . I could get she a pair of earring or something . annie that 's good but ... you do forget the anniversary . jack right . that 's a major oversight ... ( think aloud ) so if I ’m kate ... I can n’t really afford the finer thing , my husband career be a crush disappointment to I , I ’m trap in suburbia ... then ... jack ( cont’d ) do he ever take she to the City ? Annie smile , impressed . annie you’re really gettinu the hang of this . suddenly , a look of confidence come over jack face . for the first time , he seem like a man in control . 78 int . bedroom - late afternoon Annie be sit on the bed watch she mother get dress . kate , wear a silky slip , walk out of she closet carry two dress on hanger , a red one and a sexy little black one . kate hold out the two dress to Annie . kate which do you think ? Annie think about it for a moment , take it very seriously ... annie the black one ... kate nod . she 's about to put it on when she look at Annie ... kate fighting’s a part of it , Annie . you know that , right ? annie I ’m not worried , Mom . he 's still learn we way ... kate look at she with a raise eyebrow , then nod . it 's true . she put down the dress and hold out a hand to Annie . kate c’mere . kate lead she to the makeup table , then open a lipstick ... annie ( excited ) really ? kate nod then apply some red lipstick to annied lip . kate now go like this ... kate rub she lip together , show Annie how to do it . Annie mimic she Mom , then kate look at she '' annied beam . kate ( cont’d ) you’re gonna break a lot of heart , you know . a smile from Annie ... pull back to reveal ... Jack stand at the door , watch ... appreciate the kind of mother kate be ... 79 omitted 80 ext . loire - night a small , elegant french restaurant hide on a tree - line lower Manhattan street . 81 int . loire - same time Jack be wear the suit kate give he . it 's not a Zegna , but he look pretty damn good . he lead kate toward the cloak room at this intimate restaurant ... he help she off with she coat . kateus wear the sexy little black dress and we can immediately see its effectiveness ... jack you look beautiful ... a charme smile from kate as she hand Jack she coat . Jack hand the coat over to the coat check girl ... jack ( cont’d ) ( instinctively ) thanks , Catherine ... Jack fake a sneeze , try to cover up ... kate give he a pat on the back ... kate you okay ? he take kate by the arm ... jack Fine ... he lead she to the main room . she look out at the room , elegant table , french country decor , a pianist play Cole porter ... kate ( quietly to Jack ) Jack ... can we afford all this ? jack what 's the difference ? I ’m take my baby out for we anniversary , damn the cost ... kate how do you even know about this place ? jack catch for a moment . then ... jack arnie ... ( insistent ) arnie . he’ll throw you a curve ball once in a while , that 's for sure ... Jack put he arm around she and kiss she on the cheek ... 82 int . loire - a little later Jack and kate sit at a secluded table , a waiter stand next to they . jack not even look at the menu . jack we’ll have the tureen of quail breast with shiitake mushroom to start , then the veal medallion in raspberry truffle sauce and the sea scallop with pureed artichoke heart ... sea scallop , North of the Caspian ... kate look at Jack , a mixture of confusion and awe on she face . waiter very good , sir . and may I say that be all excellent selection . jack you may ... ( peruse the wine list ) also , we’ll have a bottle of lafite , 1982 . kate reach over and pull down the wine list , read it upside down . kate it 's five hundred and fifty dollar , Jack ! a wince from Jack ... for a moment there it be almost perfect . jack just a glass of red wine for each of we ... the waiter nod , then walk toward the kitchen ... kate you be so not off the hook yet , slick . jack but I ’m gettinu close , right ? a noncommittal nod from kate . then Jack notice she look over at the pianist , draw in by the music . jack ( cont’d ) you want to dance ? a puzzle look from kate . there 's nobody else dance . there be n’t even much room to dance ... kate I do n’t think there 's dance here , Jack . Jack get up and hold out a hand . jack sure there be ... kate look around again , then she smile . kate rise , take he hand . Jack take she in he arm , sway slowly in the limited amount of space , confident and self - assure . the pianist look up , smile , appreciate they role in this romantic moment . kate move with Jack , follow he lead comfortably . they look good together ... in sync with each other ... people be watch they ... some of the man be impressed , other be scoffing , but the woman be clearly charme ... kate ( whisper to Jack ) pretty good for a tire salesman from Jersey ... Jack flash she he most charming smile . jack I have my moment ... they continue to dance , in a world of they own ... 83 int . loire - late Jack and kate at the table enjoy a gourmet meal . Jack hold out a fork with a piece of veal for kate . she take a bite . kate mmmm ... ( spearing a scallop ) ...here , try one of this ... Jack take a scallop from kateus fork . jack ( savore the scallop ) God I miss that taste ... kate laugh . jack ( cont’d ) why be you laugh ? kate shoot he a look of curiosity . Jack look back at she , see the trust in she face ... he put down he fork . jack ( cont’d ) I need to tell you something . kate okay ... jack I think it may help we but there 's a slight chance it could make thing worse . she hear the seriousness in he voice . kate now I ’m worried ... just say it . whatever it be we’ll deal with it . jack be you sure ? she nod . Jack search he mind for the right word . then ... jack ( cont’d ) I feel like I ’m live someone elseus life ... Jack look to she , expect the worst . but she just nod reassuringly . he continue ... jack ( cont’d ) I use to be so sure about everything , you know ? I know exactly who I be and what I want . then one morning I wake up and suddenly it be all different ... kate worse , you mean ... jack no. well , maybe a few thing . but mostly just different ... Jack let out a small smile . now heus the one who' reassure kate . jack ( cont’d ) I never use to be like this , kate . I have it all figure out . no doubt , no regret . kate and now ...? jack now ... I do n’t ... he look at she , stare into she eye , almost desperate for understanding . kate I neither . a raise eyebrow from Jack . kate ( cont’d ) I think it 's good to be a little unsure about who you be . it 's very human . jack but you always seem so certain . kate c’mon , Jack , you think there aren’t morning when I wake up and wonder what the hell I ’m do in New Jersey ... jack that 's a big one for I , too . kate my office be a dump , I answer my own phone ... and you ’ve see my pay check . jack you pay check be a disgrace to pay check . kate I mean yes , I help people that need it ... jack I guess ... some of they be probably fake . kate ( a laugh , then ... ) God , sometimes I think it would be so nice not to have to stretch ground beef or maybe drive a car with a CD player ... he smile , right there with she . kate ( cont’d ) imagine have a life where everything be easy ... where you ask for thing and people just bring they to you ... jack it 's wonderful ... kate laugh , nodd . a pause , then ... kate I think about it , too , Jack . I do . I think about the kind of person i’d be if I have n’t marry you ... it 's as if sheus inside he head . they stay like this for a moment , look into each other . jack and ...? she stop a moment , consider . then ... kate and I realize I ’ve just erase the thing in my life I ’m most sure about . you , the kid ... Jack nod . jack good thing ... kate what be you sure about ? Jack look into kateus eye . jack I ’m sure that right now there 's nowhere i’d rather be than here with you ... kate smile at Jack , a loving , secure smile . it 's be a while . CUT to : 84 ext . pension - night the mini-van park outside a small brownstone right on the square . it 's like something out of a Henry James novel ... charming , meticulously maintain , elegant ... 85 int . pension , suite - a little later the door open and Jack , carry kate in he arm , enter ... Jack put kate down and she take in the room , antique furniture ... itus like walk into another world ... kate this be so beautiful ... Jack smile as he open a champagne bottle sit on a silver ice bucket ... kate ( cont’d ) you know champagne make I do crazy thing . jack ( pour ) I ’ll just full yours up to the top . ( hand she a glass ) happy anniversary , sweetheart . kate smile , clinking she glass with jack . kate I do n’t know how you do it , hoss , but you pull it off . jack I ’m out of the doghouse ? kate Way out ... kate saunter into the bedroom , look at the king - size poster bed , feel the down quilt . Jack follow she ... kate ( cont’d ) ( turn to he ) you may even get lucky tonight ... kate kiss he ... when they lip separate , we can see the powerful effect it have on he . Jack look deep into she eye , stroking she hair , lose in she . jack you’re so ... beautiful ... kate I already tell you you be gonna get lucky , Jack ... they kiss again , a long soulful kiss . then ... Jack pull back , a look of realization on he face ... jack my god , all this time ... I never stop loving you ... kate ( a wide smile ) that 's all I want to hear ... she kiss he , they body intertwined ... hand caress ... more and more passionate ... then reach behind she to the light . the room go dark ... dissolve to : 86 int . pension , suite - morning Morning sun stream onto Jack and kate in bed ... kate , in jack arm , she head on he chest , a content smile on she face ... jack eye open ... adjust to the light . he look over at kate . there 's something different in he eye ... something deeper . Jack smile ... a broad , '' I ’m in love kind of smile . kate stir , gently stroking jack chest . kate mmmm ... Jack ... kate lift she head , turn to face Jack . kate ( cont’d ) I feel like I should give you money ... Jack laugh . kate ( cont’d ) I mean , my god , Jack you be always good but this ... this be ... like a porno movie . kate lay she head back on jack chest , look at Washington Square through the window . kate ( cont’d ) I could stay here forever ... jack I do n’t think i’d fight you on that one ... kate lift she head and look at he expectantly . they kiss . 87 ext . new jersey STREET - night the mini-van pass a sign that read , '' welcome to teaneck . '' 88 int . campbell house , various - morning Annie walk through the downstairs of the house , practice she violin ... itus a noise border on music , but not quite ... she walk into the kitchen where ... Jack stand at the counter in he robe , read the Newark Star ledger and drink a cup of coffee . he lower the paper , watch Annie with a smile as she stroll through the room play she violin badly ... he go back to he paper . 89 int . jack closet - minute later Jack , still sing , don he docker and short - sleeve oxford ... 89a ext . campbell house - morning the front door of the Campbell House ... Jack emerge in he work clothes , put he coat on , a bagel in he mouth ... he disappear from frame , the screen door close slowly behind he ... in a moment ... kate appear at the door , a cup of coffee in she hand ... she follow Jack with she eye as he head to the car . then ...a smile from kate ... in a moment ... Jack return to frame and head straight into kateus arm ... ...a passionate kiss as she lean against the door post ... kate have a good day ... a smile from Jack as she pat he on the ass and send he on he way ... 90 ext . big edus - afternoon Jack , point to a stack of radial , be stand with a man ( 40s ) wear a pale blue leisure suit and a pair of high top nike Air jordan . jack for the money , they’re hand down the best radial we carry ... man ( think , then ... ) okay , I ’ll take they ... jack you will n’t regret it ... ( shouting to Tommy ) Tommy ! set Mr. conlin up with four b.f. goodrich g- Force t/a’s ... ( look the man over ) ... and give he ten percent off for have the best costume ... just then , a black roll royce silver seraph pull into the lot , its front leave tire riding on the rim ... estelle ( o.s. ) ( over p.a. system ) Jack , kate on line two ! Jack pick up two ! Jack turn toward the door , but then look curiously back at the roll ... something familiar about it ... then ... Peter lassiter get out of the car ... kenny ( walk out to Jack ) kateus on two , jack. ( on see the roll ) Nice ride ... jack ( stare at lassiter ) if you’re into that kind of conspicuous consumption ... kenny you want I to handle he ? I think I ’m ready ... estelle ( o.s. ) ( over p.a. system ) Jack ! kate still hold on line two ... jack sure ... be careful , he look like a tough negotiator ... Jack walk inside ... 91 int . big edus tire - continuous ... but heus still focus on lassiter through the window , can n’t take he eye off he ... he get to the phone ... see the light for line two blink ... he look back outside , see Kenny approach lassiter ... ... back to the blink phone light ... he pick up the phone ... but can n’t bring himself to hit the blink light . then ... jack ( to estelle , into intercom ) tell kate I ’ll call she back ... intercut with estelle in her office estelle ( into intercom ) it sound pretty important . jack ( into intercom ) I ’m with a customer . i’ll call she back . he take he hand away from the phone and walk back outside the store ... chapter thirteen - peter lassiter 92 ext . big edus tire - continuous ... towards Kenny and lassiter . lassiter ( to Kenny ) I seem to have have some kind of blow out ... Jack approach , tapping Kenny on the shoulder . jack why do n’t you let I take this one , Kenny ? kenny okay , chief . Kenny nod then head back inside ... jack Peter lassiter ... lassiter ( surprised ) do I know you ? jack not exactly . I ’ve see you on cnbc . ( with a smile ) you look taller in real life ... CUT to : 93 int . big edus tire , jack office - late Jack lean back in he chair , behind the desk of he cluttere , cramped office . jack ... truth be , mintz be so busy timing he wife' breathe he do n’t see that medtech need Global more than the other way around . ten day , two week top , they would’ve approach you with a offer , and i’d bet anything it would’ve be thirty billion , not twenty nine ... ( a know smile ) Problem be , Peter , you have a pussycat run the show . what you need be a rottweiler . lassiter , sit on the little chair across from Jack , a intrigue look on he face ... lassiter ( nodd ) well , I ’m impressed . a smile from Jack . lassiter ( cont’d ) I really be ... Jack savor the moment , until ... lassiter ( cont’d ) so , about my car ... he 's jarre back to reality , a little crestfallen ... jack sure . we’re go to have to special order that tire . it ’ll be ready in about two day . lassiter nod , then take a business card out of he wallet . lassiter this have my office address on it ... ( think , then ... ) why do n’t you drop it off yourself ? a smile from Jack . CUT to : 94 int . campbell house , jack bedroom - late night kate , sound asleep in bed ... Pan across to Jack , he eye wide open , lose in think ... 95 int . big edus , jack office - day Jack wear he Zeena suit , sit behind he desk , distract , as he listen to hector , 40s , the guatemalen mechanic . hector ... I say to she , margarita , we already have four kid , why do we need more ? Jack be shaking he leg anxiously under the desk as he eye the door ... hector ( cont’d ) but she say she want a even number . I say four be a even number ! but she say she want six . Jack check he watch ... hector ( cont’d ) I tell she , margarita , I just get my green card , I like to sit back and rest a little bit ... jack ( interrupt ) hector ... do I usually listen to you personal problem ? hector sure , Jack , all the time ... Jack nod , then ... jack look , I have some business that I have to take care of in the city so I ’m leave early ... ( get up ) my advice to you ... follow you dream . CUT to : 96 ext . lassiter build - afternoon Jack pull up to the building in lassiterus roll ... he get out of the car , walk to the building , feel good , confident , stop to gaze up at the skyscraper ... he breathes in deeply , then head inside ... 96a int . lassiter build - continuous Jack enter , instinctively toss the car key to the security guard ... the guard look at he like heus crazy ... 97 int . lassiter build corridor - minute later Jack and lassiter walk together ... lassiter ... we’re really more of a boutique operation , as you can see ... jack but you’re not interested in boutique dollar ... ( a smile ) I get it ... they walk into ... 98 int . alan minthus outer office - continuous past the assistant desk ... minthus assistant ( see lassiter ) he’s expect you , Mr. lassiter ... lassiter do n’t even slow down ... 99 int . alan minthus office - continuous it 's jack old office but you would n’t know it from the decor ... lot of country pine , a fabric sofa , and a play pen where the bar use to be . Jack enter , immediately strike by the difference ... lassiter ( to mintz ) Alan , this be Jack Campbell ... the one I be tell you about ... mintz , a confident look on he face , get up from the desk and go to shake jack hand . alan Jack , of course . they shake hand . jack ( appropriately deferential ) Mr. mintz . alan please , call I Alan . we try to cultivate a casual atmosphere around here ... jack ( be : play pen ) I can see that , Alan . a chuckle from mintz . alan you have kid , Jack ? jack ( hesitate , then ... ) uh... actually , yes . two ... good one . another laugh from mintz . alan that 's great ... ( gesture to the sofa ) why do n’t you have a seat ? Jack nod , sit down on the plush sofa , mintz and lassiter take the chair . alan ( cont’d ) so , Peter mention that you be a avid cnbc watcher but do n’t say whether you have any actual Wall Street experience ? jack a little take aback by the question , not realize he be walk into a interview ... he cross he leg , try to get comfortable . jack I be a sale associate , at e.f. hutton . alan a broker ? really . and now you’re in the tire business ? jack that 's right . and auto supply ... alan uh huh . the retail end , I understand . Jack nod ... jack uh ...we actually get about sixty percent of we business from automotive service . alan mind if I ask what kind of sale you do last year ? ballpark ... jack we do one point seven million in total revenue ... alan uh huh ... one point seven . and what do you project for this year ? Jack pause , analyze the situation ... the patronize question , the smirk on mintzus face ... alan ( cont’d ) any thought at all on that ? as Jack stare into they face , he realize the extent of he handicap ... alan ( cont’d ) Jack ? he stop , take a moment , look at mintz and lassiter then ...a confident smile . jack well , Alan , I think we’re gonna have a banner year . sale be up almost twenty percent in the first quarter and we just land a major truck company account . alan really . so you’re project what , a tad over two million ? a gleam in jack eye . jack that 's right . and that would make we number one in we market ... ( get up ) you mind if I stand ? a raise eyebrow from mintz . mintz and lassiter follow Jack with they eye as he cross the room to the desk , pour himself a glass of water ... jack ( cont’d ) look , I know we paltry little two million in sale be about what you spend on office supplies in a year . and I know some regional truck company account be nothing compare to a sixty billion dollar merger ... alan I ’m not try to knock the tire business , Jack . jack ( a confident chuckle ) it 's okay , Alan . I get it . I ’m in you shoe , I ’m think exactly the same thing ... but here’s the thing . Business be business . Wall Street , Main Street , it 's all just a bunch of people get up in the morning , try to figure out how the hell they’re gonna send they kid to college . it 's just people ... jack confidence be throw mintz off , but lassiter appear intrigue ... jack ( cont’d ) and I know people . alan I ’m sure you do ... lassiter ( intervene ) letus let the man have he say ... mintz cover he embarrassment with a smile ... jack ( to mintz ) take you , for instance ... alan ( defensive ) what about I ? jack you drink about sixteen diet coke a day . you’re a excellent father , but you feel guilty about the time you spend away from home . you drink bourbon , but you offer you client scotch ... Jack look around the office then back to mintz . jack ( cont’d ) and you wife decorate this office ... a laugh from lassiter as mintz sit there stewing , a catch look on he face . lassiter he certainly have you number , Alan . jack ( turn to lassiter ) you’re a little tougher , Peter . a raise eyebrow from lassiter , but heus game ... jack ( cont’d ) for one thing , you like expensive thing . lassiter ( smile proudly ) that 's easy . you ’ve see my car . jack ( a chuckle ) okay ... you smoke hoyo de monterrey . you’re a scotch man , single malt , not because it 's trendy but because you’ve be do it for forty year , and you stay with what work . you have two great love in you life , you horse and this company . you wept openly the day the Dow hit ten thousand ... lassiterus impressed . jack ( cont’d ) and you’re a man who pride himself on find talent in unusual place ... lassiter oh ? and how would you know that ? Jack smile . jack because I ’m here . on lassiter ... nodd he head . mintz , a plaster - on smile . jack ( cont’d ) I ’m prepare to do anything it take to get this job . start anywhere you need I to start . i’ll park car if I to ... ( into lassiterus eye ) the biggest part of judge character be know yourself . and I know this , I can do this job . give I a chance , Peter , I will n’t let you down . lassiter return jack gaze with equal intensity . in a moment , he turn to mintz . lassiter ( to mintz ) Alan , why do n’t you show Jack around a bit ... alan i’d love to . CUT to : 100 int . lassiter build corridor - minute later Jack and Alan walk side by side down the hallway ... employees pass they by , greeting mintz , mintz wave back ... alan ( point ) ... that 's we war room . we do seven major deal last year , three of they hostile . jack ( not particularly impressed ) Seven . really . they turn a corner , come into a desert section of the corridor . mintz stop , turn to Jack . Jack return mintzus gaze with a quizzical look . alan letus cut the shit , huh Campbell ? what , do you go through he wallet or something ? jack a little take aback . alan ( cont’d ) no matter . that circus act back there may have dazzle lassiter momentarily but it do n’t do shit forme . even if you get this job , which I highly doubt , let I warn you , lassiter lose interest in he pet project very quickly . I ’m in the big office because I ’ve prove myself to he year after year and nobody be go to come in here and start turn the old manus head . especially not some tire salesman from New Jersey . so you watch yourself and stay away from lassiter , and maybe , just maybe , I ’ll keep you on after he get tired of you . do we understand each other ? Jack stand there , stare at mintz , silent , expressionless . alan ( cont’d ) do we ?! then , a broad smile from Jack . jack God , you really be different , be n’t you ... ( nodd ) I mean ...wow ... I be impressed . now it 's mintzus turn to look quizzical . jack ( cont’d ) good for you . why should n’t you protect what 's yours . alan I do n’t think you’re hearing I . jack oh , I ’m hearing you , Alan . that 's not the problem . the problem be that what you think be yours , be really mine . and I do n’t care how low on the totem pole I start , I will get it back ... ( poke he in the chest ) so do yourself a favor and do n’t get too attach to that view because sometime soon , maybe very soon , you and you french country antique , you chintz sofa , and you little play pen be gonna be move out of that office . Jack smile at Alan one more time , then turn ... jack ( cont’d ) oh , and by the way , you try sell tire for a live . I promise you , you'd starve . Jack head down the corridor , whistling a happy tune , leave mintz stand there , bewilder . chapter fourteen - a perfect life ? CUT to : 101 int . corporate apartment - day a double door open and Jack lead kate into this huge duplex . kate look around , take the place in . jack welcome to xanadu ... the place be incredible ... marble floor , architectural line , high tech fixture , elegant modern furniture ... it 's strike but not at all homey like the Jersey house . jack ( cont’d ) pretty incredible , be n’t it ? kate it 's like a museum . Jack nod . kate ( cont’d ) ( turn to Jack ) so what 's the big surprise ? you do n’t rent this place for the weekend , do you ? jack think bigger . kate for the week ? Jack chuckle . jack this place be a perk , kate . kate a perk for what ? jack a company call p.k. lassiter and associate investment House use it to attract new executive ... kateus confuse . jack ( cont’d ) you’re talk to they new vice President of merger and acquisition . kate what be you talk about , Jack ? jack I ’m go into arbitrage , honey . turn out I have a knack for it . i’ll be make two hundred grand a year plus a hefty bonus and that 's just to start . and , we can live in this apartment practically rent free for as long as we want . Jack measure she reaction . it 's not good ... jack ( cont’d ) we can finally afford to move back into the city . in style . kate just look at he , in shock . then ... kate be you out of you mind ? jack I do n’t think so . this be go to be a better life for all of we , honey . we’ll put Annie and josh in private school ... kate Annie go to a great school . jack I ’m talk about the best school in the country here , kate ... kate Jack , what could you possibly be think ? what about my job ? jack this be New York City , it 's like the needy people capital of the world . that Jersey client of yours aren’t a tenth as pathetic as the one you could get here ... kate ( cut he off ) I can n’t believe you want to move back into the city . I think the reason we leave be because we do n’t want to raise the kid here ? jack no , this be the center of the universe . if I be live in Roman time , I would live in Rome , where else ? today , America be the Roman Empire and New York be Rome itself . John Lennon . kate ( cut he off ) Jack . jack start to struggle ... jack look , I ’m detect a kind of funky tension here ... we do n’t have to live in this apartment . I do n’t need this ... i’ll commute ... i’ll drive to work ... jack back on he heel ... see he dream pick apart ... kate in traffic ? it 's over a hour each way ? that 's almost three hour a day . when be you go to see the kid ? he 's frustrated ... he pause a moment to gather himself . then ... jack kate . you’re not understanding I . I ’m talk about a great life . a perfect life . everything we picture when we be young . the whole package . you say it yourself , life have throw we surprise , and so we make sacrifice . but now I can finally get we back on track ... a sad chuckle from kate . jack ( cont’d ) I can do that . I want to do that . for all of we . I need to do that as a man ... ( implore she ) think about it . no more lousy restaurant , no more clipping coupon , no more shoveling snow ... kate then get a goddamn snow blower ! jack take aback by the intensity of she tone . kate ( cont’d ) do n’t get a new career without even tell I . do n’t take Annie out of a school she love . do n’t move we out of a house we’ve become a family in ... kate stand there , wounded ... kate ( cont’d ) ( quietly ) do n’t do that ... jack look , you’re make this into something itus not . this be n’t a referendum on we life , kate . it 's a step forward ... ( appeal to she ) do n’t you see ? I ’m talk about we finally have a life other people envy . silence . kate look he in the eye '' a deep , pierce look ... kate they already do envy we , Jack ... kate pick up she bag and walk out of the apartment . 102 omitted 103 int . annieq room - night Annie be in a nightgown , practice she violin . Jack walk in . it 's all he can do to hold back cring at the miss note . Annie finish the piece , lowering the bow . jack very nice . what be it ? annie Mary have a Little Lamb . jack ah. a classic ... Annie start playing again as Jack look at the dresser . she have 20 or so family photo line up and down its side ... Jack study they ... in every one jack face be totally content . Jack study they , look at he own face . Annie lower the bow , watch he ... Jack turn to she . jack ( cont’d ) please do n’t stop ... she smile , then start playing again . he turn back to the picture ... 104 int . campbell house , den - late Jack ... stand in front of the desk , nursing a drink . he look at lassiterus business card , sit on the surface of the desk ... he gaze around the room ... he eye come to rest on a bookshelf ... a book ... he move toward it ... look at its spine ... itus a tatter copy of vonnegute '' catus cradle . '' he pull it off the shelf , there 's something inside ... a bookmark ... ...a pan am ticket jacket sleeve ... ...inside ... a board pass ...” from : London / heathrow , to : New York / JFK , 10/4/87.” he look at it ... something 's not right ... jack from London to New York ...? ( look up ) I come back ... then ...a noise ... Jack turn and see kate walk into the doorway , stand there ... she see Jack hold the Pan be ticket sleeve . kate we finest moment , right ... a quizzical look from Jack . kate ( cont’d ) when you get on that plane I be sure it be over . I leave the airport afraid i’d never see you again . and then you show up the very next day ... ( a wistful smile ) that be a good surprise ... she continue into the room , lean against a bookshelf . kate ( cont’d ) I think about you on that plane , about what must have be go through you mind ... you sit there imagine we life together , we life apart ... I think about the decision you make ... Jack watch she as she let out a small sigh . kate ( cont’d ) maybe I be be naive but I believe we’d grow old together in this house . that we’d spend holiday here , have g randchild visit we here . I have this image of we all grey and wrinkly , I work in the garden , you repaint the deck ... kate smile gently as she picture this . kate ( cont’d ) thing change , right ? people change ... ( pause ) if you need this , Jack , I mean really need this , I will take this child from a life they love , and take myself from the only home we’ve ever share , and move wherever you need to go . i’ll do that because I love you ... the word be like a warm embrace for Jack ... kate ( cont’d ) I love you , Jack . and that 's more important to I than we address ... kate smile lovingly at Jack ... she walk over to he , kiss he gently on the forehead . kate ( cont’d ) I choose we . she turn and head out of the room , leave he there , the board pass still in hand , stare lovingly at she as she go ... 105 int . campbell house master bedroom - late night Jack walk into the room ... the light be off , kate already in bed sleep . he undress for bed , unable to take he eye off kate . finally , he lift the cover and climb into bed next to she , move closer to she , put a arm around she , draw she in ... in she sleep , kate nestle in jack embrace . he savor the feel , then close he eye as ... they lay there ... side by side ... together ... a single person . dissolve to : 106 int . campbell house master bedroom - morning the morning light stream into the room . kate open she eye . jack not in bed . a look of curiosity . then , she hear laughter from outside . she go over to the window ... open the blind ... revealing ... Jack in the backyard , laughing with joy , play in the snow with Annie and josh . kate watch ... a satisfied smile sweeping across she face ... 107 ext . campbell house backyard - same time ... Jack reach out and snag Annie ... she cackle in delight ... the three of they fall over onto the soft white snow ... the laughter from the kid be uncontrollable , jack joy be just as palpable ... finally , Annie stop laugh and grab Jack around the neck , hugging he tight . annie ( whisper in jack ear ) I know you'd come back ... dissolve to : 108 int . garage - night Jack walk over to a utility shelf , fishing around until he find a bag of rock salt ... he grab it , see it 's empty ... and then he hear it ... the sound of a bicycle bell ringing , echoing through the room . a shudder pass through he body ... he turn and see Annie at the open garage door , sit on she bike , ringing the bell . it 's a eerie moment for Jack ... jack what be you do ? annie ( a curious look ) ringing my bell ... on jack anxious face ... 109 omitted chapter fifteen '' saying goodbye 110 int . convenience store - night on Jack ... crouch down in a aisle of this local convenience store ... check out the bag of rock salt ... he look at the price tag on one of the bag ... jack four ninety nine ?! it 's just salt for godus sake ... on the entrance to the store ... the door open , a young girl , 17 , enter , a average suburban teenager ... she glance at a fashion magazine , pick up a package of gum ... from the Pov of the cashier , we see the girl approach the counter ... on Jack , crouch down in the aisle . he grab a bag of salt from the shelf , when ... cash ( o.s. ) that’ll be sixty five cent , little angel ... Jack register the voice ... he rise slowly , look over to the front counter ... where he see ... Cash , dress in a typical chain convenience store uniform , ringing up the teenager ... a excited smile from Jack at the sight of Cash ... jack you ...! then ... the color drain from jack face ... jack ( cont’d ) what be you do here ... Jack move toward Cash at the counter ... jack ( cont’d ) you’re not send I back ... the girl eye Jack curiously , then remove a dollar bill from she pocket and slide it across the counter to Cash ... cash Jack , it 's good to see you ... Cash reach into the register , take out change for ten dollar ... he hand the girl $ 9.35 ... cash ( cont’d ) ( to the girl ) thank you darlin’ ... the girl look at the money , realize that Cash have give she the wrong change ... cash ( cont’d ) ( back to Jack , see the rock salt ) what do you get there , rock salt ? look at you , all domestic and shit ... you really figure some thing out , huh ? the girl look at Cash talk to Jack ... jack I ’m not go back ... the girl hesitates ... Cash turn to she ... cash ( to the girl ) everything okay ...? she look at he , a moment of decision , then ... teenage girl yeah ... fine . jack ( raise he voice ) hey ! do you hear I ...?! Cash ignore Jack , watch the girl as she head to the door , hesitates a moment , then walk out ... a look of disappointment on cash’s face as he reach into he pocket , pull out a little notebook ... Cash look at Jack . cash ( make a note in he book ) that be a character issue ... ( shaking he head ) ... and for nine dollar ? that 's just sad ... jack hey , I ’m talk to you ! I be not go back , do you understand ...?! Cash look at he , compassion on he face . jack ( cont’d ) you can n’t do this . you can n’t keep come in and out of peopleus life , mess thing up ... cash c’mon , Jack ... Jack throw six buck on the counter ... jack I ’ve get kid , I ’m go home ... cash you know what the word glimpse mean , J ? it 's by nature a impermanent thing . Jack walk determinedly toward the exit . he stop and turn at the door ... jack ( point at Cash ) I ’m stay . Cash follow he with he eye , a proud look on cash’s face as Jack leave ... 111 int . campbell house , joshus room - late night Jack walk to josh . he 's sleep soundly . Jack gently kiss josh on the head , careful not to wake he . 112 int . campbell house , annieq room - late night Jack be stand over Annie , kissing she on the cheek . annie ( stir , groggy ) be it morning yet ? jack no , honey . go back to sleep . she close she eye as Jack stand there for a moment look at she , sadness all over he face . jack ( cont’d ) take care of yourself , Annie . I ’m go back to the mother ship ... finally , he turn to go ... 113 int . campbell house master bedroom - late night the clock read , '' 11:17 . '' kate be already in bed as Jack walk in . kate ( look up from she book ) hey ... Jack approach she , sit on the bed ... jack this last week , kate , I know that I ’ve do some ... some unusual thing . kate nod . kate it 's be interesting , that 's for sure . jack but I ’ve do some good thing too , haven’t I ? kate you’ve be Jack Campbell . and that 's always a good thing ... she kiss he on the cheek . he take she arm in he hand and look she in the eye . jack I need you to remember I , kate . how I be right now , right this very moment . I need you to put that image in you heart and keep it with you , no matter what happen . kate be you okay , Jack ? jack please , just promise I you’ll do that . you have to promise , kate . because if you do n’t , then it 's like it never happen and I do n’t think I could live with that . sheus a bit confuse but she could n’t be more in love with he . kate I promise , Jack ... jack promise I again ... kate I promise . come to bed , honey . Jack stand up , head toward the door . jack soon ... 114 ext . suburban STREET - late night snow begin to fall ... Jack with Lucy on a leash , walk side by side , he mind elsewhere ... Lucy lead he around a corner ... to a large open field ... Lucy stop . she look back at Jack , then out to the open field . Jack remove the leash . the dog bound happily out into the field , look for just the right spot . Jack put he hand in he coat pocket ... pull out a half - eat roll of peppermint lifesaver , put one in he mouth ... he look up at the sky , snow gently fall onto he face . it 's cold , but it 's beautiful ... peaceful and still ... the air clean and crisp ... he breathes in the fresh air , the lifesaver dissolve in he mouth , watch the dog ... 115 int . campbell house master bedroom - late night the room be dark ... Jack enter , see kate sleep soundly in bed . he sit down in a chair and watch kate asleep , a sad look in he eye ... as he continue to watch she , to listen to she , he own eyelid appear to grow heavy ... he try to fight the sleep ... open he eye ... focus on she ... but it 's no use ... finally , he close he eye ... fall into a deep sleep ... chapter sixteen '' the old life dissolve to : 116 int . jack apartment , bedroom - morning a phone ringing Jack , flat on he back in bed ... Light stream onto he face ...he stir ... the phone still ringing ... Jack reach over to kateus side ... there 's no one there . pull back to reveal ... he old Manhattan apartment ... he old dressy clothes strewn on the floor ... Jack , sleep still in he eye , reach over ... heus not wear any pajamas ... pick up the phone ... jack ( groggy , daze ) yeah ... okay , send she up ... he drop the phone ... turn back over ... let 's he eye stay close for another moment ... then ... his eye open ... he look around ... see he shirtless torso ... then he old apartment ... tailore clothes on the floor . jack ( cont’d ) ( sadly ) damnit . Jack look at the clock , '' 9:23 a.m . '' he get out of bed , throw on pants and a pair of shoe , and leave the room ... 117 int . jack apartment , live room - continuous ... Jack walk to the door just as ... the doorbell ring . he stop , then cautiously open the door , see ... paula , wear a long overcoat and a wide smile on she face . paula wait for I by the door , huh ? Jack look at she . jack Paula ... Paula open she coat '' the only thing she have on underneath be a sexy little teddy . jack ( cont’d ) ( momentarily distract ) that 's totally see through ... paula ( smile ) merry Christmas ... jack ( confuse ) Christmas ? it can n’t be Christmas ... Jack stare at she , totally confuse ... paula ( lasciviously ) it 's whatever you want it to be , Jack ... Jack grab a leather jacket then walk right by a shocked Paula and head out the door , practically run down the corridor . paula ( cont’d ) Jack ?... Jack ! CUT to : 118 ext . GEORGE WASHINGTON bridge - morning jack Ferrari speed down the bridge , toward Jersey ... 119 ext . campbell house - morning jack Ferrari pull up in the driveway and he hop out . he race to the front door , pounding on it ... a man in a Van heusen shirt and hagar slack answer . Jack stare at he in shock . man can I help you ? jack be kate here ? do kate live here ?! man kate ? no , there 's no one here name kate . be that good enough for you ? Jack start rapping he head against the door post , much to the shock of the guy stand there . jack damn...damn...damn ... man hey , be you okay ? jack no ... I ’m not ... man be there anything I can do for you ? Jack shake he head mournfully . man ( cont’d ) hey , my wife' in the kitchen . you get a cigarette ? jack I ’m sorry , no ... Jack walk off , beleaguere ... 120 ext . arnieq house - minute later jack car drive by as arnie carry a bicycle box out to the garbage . the car screech to a halt in front of the driveway . arnie ( shouting at Jack ) hey , you can n’t park that thing here . jack ( out the window ) it 's I , Jack ... arnie I do n’t care if you’re Tim Allen with you fancy car and all you tool , you still can n’t park here . jack tell I you recognize I , arnie . please ... arnie how’d you know my name ? jack we bowl together . we’re bowler ... we win a championship ... we’re winner . arnie I never win anything in bowl . arnie peer at Jack through the window . arnie ( cont’d ) wait a second ... ( think ) Jack ... Jack ... jack yes ... Jack Campbell ... arnie of course . Jack Campbell . I go to high school with you ... you play baseball , right ? ( at the Ferrari ) you’re do well ... jack ( remember ) yes , that 's it ... yes , we go to high school together . arnie you never really talk to I . I want to talk to you , man ... jack yeah ... I guess I just want you to know , we could’ve be really good friend ... 120a int . ferrari - day Jack drive ...a cell phone ring . a curious look on jack face , it 's be a while since heus hear that sound . jack ( answer phone ) hello ? adelle ( o.s. ) hey Santa , where be you ? everybody 's here . jack adelle ? adelle ( o.s. ) you be suppose to be here half a hour ago ... the emergency strategy session ? you trip to aspen ? they’re all panicked here ... silence from Jack ... adelle ( cont’d , o.s. ) Jack ...? be you go through the tunnel ? finally , Jack shake he head , defeat . jack I ’ll be there in twenty minute ... CUT to : 121 int . lassiter build , conference room - noon time it 's a beehive of activity ... jack team , anxiously go over report and flow chart , work the phone , drink coffee ... Jack enter , still reeling from he experience , take a moment to observe the action ... mintz spot he ... alan ( into phone ) thank god , jack here . i’ll call you right back ... he hang up the phone as all eye in the room turn to Jack , immediately fixate on how dishevel he look . alan ( cont’d ) ( approach ) Jack , be you okay ? jack ( in a daze ) what 's go on here ? alan it 's not good . Bob Thomas have secretly be talk to a european drug company . we’re not sure which one , juliad on it right now . Word be they’re willing to let he buy a minority stake and keep run the entire company . the Global people be up in arm . they say we should’ve be prepare for this . we’re in trouble here , Jack ... Jack look at Alan for a minute . jack you know something , Alan . there 's a much more assertive person somewhere inside of you ... Alan look at he , confuse . alan Excuse I ? jack but I think I like you better this way ... alan be this another one of that Sun tzu '' Art of war” trick ? a sad laugh from Jack . jack no . alan so what be we gonna do , Jack ? Jack wallow for another moment in he own sadness ... alan ( cont’d ) Jack ...? Jack snap out of it , turn to Alan and the rest of the group ... jack I ’ll tell you exactly what we’re go to do . you’re go to do whatever you have to do to find out which european company heus be talk to . then I ’m go to clean myself up , fly to aspen , and drink egg nog with Bob Thomas . his wife and kid will be play in the background while I spend Christmas day convincing he that the european company be the devil and Global be the answer to he prayer , after all ... ( grow wistful ) then I ’m go to spend four hour ski . alone . on Christmas day . completely and utterly alone . I ’m go to do that because that be my life , that be what 's real , and there be nothing I can do to change that ... Jack leave the office to the shocked stare of he team . 122 ext . broadway - day jack limo make its way downtown . 123 int . limo - same time Jack in the back seat of the limo , sadly look out the window , watch the building pass by ... he turn away , look at the phone ... haltingly pick it up ... jack ( dial 411 ) for Manhattan ... kate reynold ... I need a address too ... Jack jot something down on a business card . then he hang up the phone , think a moment , look out the window , then turn to the driver ... jack ( cont’d ) make a right here ... driver but the airport the other way ... jack we’re not go to the airport ... CUT to : 123a ext . kateus build - day jack limo pull up outside this house on Washington mews ... Jack get out ... 124 int . east side apartment build , hallway - afternoon Jack stand outside a apartment door . he hear the clash '' London Calling '' blaring from inside . he ring the bell ... the volume of the music get lower ... kateus assistant , lori , 20 , open the door ... Jack exchange a curious look with she . lori be you from the shipping company ? jack I ’m Jack Campbell ... I ’m a old ... friend of kateus . I just call . the woman look at he , then walk back inside ... lori ( o.s. ) kate ! some guy here ! beat . Jack wait anxiously at the door . then ... kate ( o.s ) ( to lori ) do you call the airline like I ask ?! jack eye come alive as kate appear wear jeans and a white blouse ... except for she hair , she look the same . jack kate ... kate Jack ... God , it 's be so long ... you look ... she search for a kind word , but he look terrible . jack you look great . kate it 's good to see you ... she look at he another moment , then turn ... kate ( cont’d ) ( yell inside ) lori ! where 's that box ?! kate walk inside , Jack follow she in sheepishly . 125 int . kateus apartment - continuous ... Jack accidentally knock into a stack of box , send a glass candy dish crashing to the floor , shatter it ... jack ( bend down ) I be sorry ... kate do n’t worry about it , Jack ... Jack look up at ... a beehive of activity '' lori on the phone , box stack everywhere , two mover pack up ... jack what 's go on ? kate ( search around ) I ’m move to Paris ... it be right here ... ( to lori ) it 's a box mark '' Jack . '' I put it in the stack for the salvation Army ... jack Paris ? lori ( to kate , with attitude ) do you want I to look for the box or call the airline ? kate hey , kind of under a little pressure here . lori hey , kind of give up Christmas day for my ex-boss here . Jack watch this back and forth . kate you do n’t seem to mind offer to help I on Christmas day when you be unwrap that prada bag I give you . lori maybe it 's by the wardrobe box ... kate head over to some tall wardrobe box . jack you’re move ... kate uh huh . to Paris . my firm have a office there and I ’m go to be head it up . jack ( stunne ) to Paris . Paris , France . kate ( search the box ) that 's the one ... jack so you’re not at a non - profit firm ? kate ( a chuckle ) not with what they pay I ... jack you’re not marry , be you ? kate no , Jack , I never get marry . you ? jack not exactly ... ( look around ) can we just take a minute here ? maybe get a cup of coffee or something ...? lori ( yell ) I ’ll go for a cup of coffee ! kate yes ! a relieved smile from Jack ... kate ( cont’d ) I find it ! lori congratulation . the La guardia flight’s cancel but I get you out of Kennedy on United at nine . be I good or what ? jack smile disappear as kate hand he a seal box mark , '' Jack '' ... kate here you go . it 's just some old thing of yours ... Jack stand here , look at the box , then at kate ... jack do you ever think about we , kate ? about what might have happen ...? a bemuse laugh from kate . then she see heus not laugh ... kate you’re serious ... a nod from Jack ... kate ( cont’d ) I ’ll tell you what , Jack , if you’re ever in Paris , look I up . maybe we’ll go for that cup of coffee . one of the mover pass by Jack carry a box ... Jack look at kate , flush with the realization that this be n’t the same woman he know thirteen year ago , or leave yesterday . jack sure. Goodbye , kate . he leave ... CUT to : 126 int . jack apartment - evening a scratchy Zeppelin album , the song '' all of my Love , '' fill the room . Jack , a fifth of bushmill’s by he side , go through the box kate give he . he remove a wear leather jacket , feel the soft material , then a '' mondale for president” button , which Jack smile upon see , a couple Neil Young concert ticket stub ... he put the leather jacket on , then stick the mondale button on the lapel . he dig back into the box , find ... a messy , dog -ear copy of '' catus cradle” ... not the one kate give he at the airport , the one she replace ... Jack look at it for a moment ... lose in he sadness ... then ... he look over at the clock , it read , '' 8:29 .” chapter seventeen '' one last try CUT to : 127 ext . van wyck expressway - night Jack in he Ferrari , racing down the highway at 120 mph ... he look at the clock , it read , '' 8:46 . '' he open up the throttle ... 128 ext . kennedy airport , UNITED terminal - minute later snow be fall as jack car race up to the terminal then stop . he jump out . a airport security guard see he ... airport security guard hey , you can n’t leave that there ! Jack run into the terminal , ignore the guard ... 129 int . UNITED terminal - second later Jack look at the board . the nine o’clock to Paris - Gate 8a . Jack sprint toward the gate ... 130 int . UNITED terminal , gate area - second later ... and get there just as the flight be board . Jack look through the crowd , spot kate near the front of the line , about to hand she ticket to the gate attendant . he push through the throng of people , draw some annoyed stare , finally make he way over to kate . jack ( call out ) kate ! kate turn and see Jack , a look of puzzlement on she face . jack ( cont’d ) you can n’t go ! kate Jesus , Jack ... jack do n’t get on that plane ! kate Jack . jack please . letus just go have a cup of coffee . that 's all I ’m ask for . I ’m sure there 's another flight to Paris tonight . kate what do you want from I ? you want I to tell you everything that happen be okay ? Jack just stand there , unsure ... kate ( cont’d ) well it be . yes , I be heartbroken ... but I get over it . I move on . people change , Jack . I change . I do n’t know why you suddenly feel the need to revisit that time in we life but I assure you , it 's over ... kate turn she back to Jack , leave he stand there ... he watch she walk to the podium , realize sheus right ... he see kate reach the podium ... hand she ticket to the attendant ... finally , a look of determination cross he face ... jack ( at kate ) we have a house in Jersey ! kate turn to he with a look that could kill . kate do n’t do this , Jack ... but he continue ... jack we have two kid , Annie and josh ... ... kate look at he , half - mortify , half - interested ... jack ( cont’d ) ... annied not much of a violin player but she try really hard . she 's a little precocious but that 's only because she say what 's on she mind . and when she smile ... Jack shake he head , remember , fight back the tear ... jack ( cont’d ) and josh ...he have you eye . he do n’t say much but we know heus smart ... ( lose in the memory ) ... heus always get he eye open , always watch we ... sometimes you can look at he and just know that heus learn something new ... it 's like witness a miracle ... kateus expression have sifted from annoyance to curiosity . jack ( cont’d ) ... the house be a mess , but it 's ours ... ( chuckle ) ... well , after a hundred twenty two more payment it will be ... Jack begin walk slowly toward kate ... the world of the airport go on around he , Jack not caring ... jack ( cont’d ) and you ... you’re a non - profit lawyer . that 's right , completely non-profit . but that do n’t seem to bother you ... kate raise a eyebrow . it 's something sheus think about . jack ( cont’d ) and we’re in love . after thirteen year of marriage we’re still unbelievably in love ... ( with a chuckle ) you will n’t even let I touch you until I ’ve say it ... Jack get closer and closer ... kate 's spellbound now ... imagine the picture jack painting ... jack ( cont’d ) ... I sing to you ... not all the time but definitely on special occasion ... Jack walk into a piece of carry - on luggage sit by a row of passenger ... jack ( cont’d ) ( off hand , to passenger ) Excuse I ... ( to kate ) we make a lot of sacrifice , deal with we share of surprise , but we stay together ... jack nearly there ... jack ( cont’d ) you see , you’re a better person than I be ... not in this life , and kate know it ... jack ( cont’d ) ... and it make I a better person to be around you ... kate be perfectly still , jack word echoing in she ear . jack ( cont’d ) maybe it be all a dream . maybe I go to bed one lonely night in December and imagine it all . but I swear , nothing ever feel more real to I ... he 's right in front of she . she can n’t take she eye off he . jack ( cont’d ) and if you get on that plane right now , it’ll disappear forever . silence . Jack and kate in they own little world ... airport business go on around they ... jack ( cont’d ) I know we can both go on with we life . and we’d both be fine . but I ’ve see what we can be like together ... and I choose we ... jack word resonate in she ear . he gently touch a hand to she arm ... jack ( cont’d ) please , kate , one cup of coffee . you can always go to Paris . just please , not tonight ... she stand there , freeze , stare into jack eye , search for the answer . kate okay , Jack ... dissolve to : 131 int . airport - late night Jack and kate , frame in the window of a nearly empty airport coffee shop ... through the window , we see snow fall outside . from a distance we see they ... talking and laughing over a cup of coffee ... fade out .