the cutting edge by tony gilroy 3.15.90 a white screen just a pale , milk white . a moment . and then music : haydn 's '' toy symphony " -- a scratch , vintage recording . two payr of skate glide into frame . and now we realize , the white be ice . start credit and pull back to find u two six - year -old child -- a boy and girl . Hand in hand . he wear a dinner jacket and glova . she be pure confection , white chiffon and lace . they be at once proud and nervous . they bagin to skate . there be nothing around they . no point of reference . just the two of they , the music , and the ice . they be in : a world of they own . perfect . tentative . pure . the joy ' of beginning . for this next minute and a half they be the most innocent , lovely creature in the world . end credit and dissolve to : ext , EST . shot olympic village -~ day flag crack in the wind . crowd choke the street . ww ~- -- cuut to : int . calgary dormitory room ~~ same time douglas dorsey be 22 , a young man in the dead - bang prime of life . poug be tough , solid and gocd - lock in a coarse , unkempt way . he be a athlete -- a great one ~- and he know it . he be also , at this very moment , in a complete frenzy , pull on sock , pants , and shirt like a wild man -- doug it 's one o'clock in the gaddamn afternoon ! qne o‘clock ! what the hell happen to the goddamn alarm ? across the room ~- in bed , a girl peer sleepily from a chaos of sheet . girl ( a german accent ) you say nein . doug yes ! nine ! girl yahi nein ! you say nein alarm . be mistake ? doug snag a large equipment bag -- hurdle effortlessly over a half - dozen pair of cross - country skis -- blit for the door -- girl -- sher dich zum teufel ! forget about it . doug be go . cuut to : int . a skating rink -- same time a practice facility beside the saddledome . official and coach watch payr figure skater , man and woman , in warm - up suit whipping around the ice . katherine moseley skate alone , pick up speed , round the far end of the ice . kate be 19 . she be petite , but with the strength of a thoroughbre . she be gorgeous , but it be a defiant beauty . kate heave int the grasp cf she partner , brian neuman , a lanky , gay man of 21 . they join hand , accelerate , and begin to weave past several other payr . — on the sideline rick tuttle , kate 's coach , a tan , square - jaw man cf forty , stare coldly as he skater pass . kate and brian expression tightening , as they accelerate . something be bother kate . she josty she hand , try quickly to adjust brian 's grip as they head for center ice . kate ( whisper urgently ) Left hand under ! -- Left ! they grapple — they grip still uncertain as brian start the lift she from the ice , and then -- kate -- stop ! brian hesitates -~ kate slip from he hand ~- off balance -- fall -- just recover -- landing awkwardly -- stumbling across the ice and nearly into the board . tuttle ( from the sideline ) thirty million people just call the rest of they family in from the kitchen to watch the replay . kate wheel around , furious . tuttle stare , disgust . tuttle what do you think this be , kate , junior pair , 1981 ? kate I ? you be stand there , you just see what happen , and you be blame I ? other coach and skater turn . brian , in the bg , stare over . tuttle , in no mood for backtalk , wag a reproving finger , beckone she toward hin . CUT to : int . dormitory stairwell -- day doug hurtle down the stair , take they three at a time , fly blindly past other athlete arrive and depart from they event . doug charge through when -- woman' voice -- xou ! doug stop , turn -- a young , dark , attractive , italian girl , dress in a high - fashion snowsuit , stand on the landing . she step forward , glaring . this be a angry woman . italian girl ( thick italian accent ) where you be ? -~ where you be last night ? where you be while I be wait ? doug hesitates , afraid to turn he back on this woman . italian girl you know how long I be wait ? doug ( ease away ) Tina , please , I -- italian girl -- Tina ? ( she 's ready to kill ) . my name be gina ! cuT to : int . practice rink sideline -- day kate and tuttle face to face in a quiet , tense conversation : kate Rick , I be tell you , he can not do it . tuttle I be say this for the last time : you start fight for you landing and let I worry about Brian . kate I be out there try to launch a triple toe loop off a grip that 's like a wet sponge ! tuttle the move stay in . kate he 's give I nothing to work with ! tuttle you be the one who 's not commit ! ' kate I '' the one who take the fall ! tuttle you can not fall if you do not get you butt in the air ! CUT to : ext . olympic village -- day 's doug sprinting down the street -- turn a corner -- into the path of -- . a oncoming passenger van -- screech to a stop -- inch from flatten doug -- he stand there , stunne as -- doug 's Pov =~ the van the swedish women 's bobsled team -- four smiling blond fight for a open window -- swedish girl ( as one ) -- doogie ! CUT to : int . practice rink runway -- day kate throw she skate into a bag . jack moseley , she father . a prosperous man of 50 in a business suit , stand there . kate I be just ask you to talk to hin , dad ! just get he to listen . WD if kate 's look for sympathy , she 's pick the wrong guy . jack honey , we have be through all this before -- Rick know what 's best . kate stand , muscle up she skate bag , start away . jack where do you think you be go ? kate ( as she go ) I will be in my cell . cut to ext . the saddledome back entrance -~- day the swedish van skid to a stop . the girl wave as doug dive out , racing for the building , pull credential as he go . a calgary police officer stand guard . doug . ( breathlessly ) ' Doug Dorsey ... U.S. hockey team ... cop ( check he tag ) Hell , son , they be just about to start -- doug blow past the cop -- through the door and -- . CUT to : int . the bowel of the saddledome a empty passageway . doug be lose . sweating . cursing . charge blindly ahead . from above , the muffled roar of the crowd . if he could claw he way up to the ice he have do it . CUT to : A. different passageway kate stride ahead -- round a corner and -- shack ! -- right into doug -- a head - on collision and it 's no contest -- kate send fly on she ass --. doug ( barely stop ) -- do this go up to the ice ? kate stare at he , incredulous . " the STAR spangled banner " begin to play in the distance . doug is_this the way to the ice ? ( @ 'o ) kate ( still sit there ) why you barbarian jerk -- be that all you have to say ? screw this , doug be already several step away and move . kate where be you raise , in a barnyard ? doug stop mid-stride . this kind of shit demand at least a moment of he time . doug honey , where I be from we stand for the National anthen . now he 's go . cuut to : int . saddledome network booth two announcers , bud and gordon , talk to the camera : bud if you be just join we from the Men 's downhill , you be in for a big surprise . the hungarian hockey team be suppose to be a easy first round mark for the U.S . gordon we be in the third period and hungary be up by a goal ... CUT to : the penalty BOX -- live action doug , flushed and focus , be impatiently count down the final second of he incarceration . five ...four ... three ... gordon ( over ) here come Dorsey out of the penalty box . the power play be over . doug explode onto the ice -- as a whistle blows . bud ( over ) -- and that 's 1ll be icing . a pause in the action . the referee grab the puck . bud ( over ) Doug Dorsey , of course , the phenom from mahorn , Minnesota . oo ) gordon ( qver ) just a super story , Bud . here 's a junior from the University of Minnesota we ’1ll definitely be see in the nhl before the year be out . substituon be be make . the U.S. coach motion for doug who wave he off . he 's stay on the ice . bud ( over ) incredible young athlete . handles the puck well . see everything -- gordon and what a skater -- as graceful as anyone you will ever see on the ice . the hungarian coach pace behind the player bench . he stop , lean down and whisper something to a huge , hulk goon . the goon smile toothlessly and jump out onto the ice . bud ( over ) this be a very intense , competitive young man . gordon ( over ) he learn to control that temper and he could be one of the true great of the game . on the ice -- doug cluster with the other player for a face -off . the goon nudge in beside he . doug jostle back -- they 's re start to get rough as -- the referee drop the puck -= - and they be off -- the puck trail to the far side of the ice -- action there , as doug circle , wait for a breakaway -- the puck skitter behind the U.S. net -- a pass to -- doug who take it on the move and -- two hungarian forward charge as doug drop he shoulder -- fake a pass -- do a amazing fuli-turn spin that send the two hungarian forward crash into each other . bud ( qver ) there go Dorsey ! -- what a move ! doug , all alone , fly across center ice as a hungarian defenseman rush to cut the angle -- doug stop cold -- the defenseman fall past he , into the board -- doug take off -- blit for the goal -- no the hungarian goalie brace as -- one of the hungarian forward lunge -~- he stick fly free and into doug 's skate and -- doug begin to fall -- off balance -- go down -- still manage somehow to shoot and -- the puck lift -=- just above the goalie 's glove and -- doug into the board -- hard -- the crowd cheering and -- out of nowhere -- the goon lumber at full speed ~-- this be a man with a mission and -- doug , start to he foot when -- wham ! -- the goon , stick hold high -- plough into he -- a wick , crush blow and -- finally to -~ doug 's helmet skitter across the ice , past other player and referees , in whose horrify expression , we measure the seriousness of the blow . cuT to : ext . calgary -- night light dance over busy street outside the saddledone . cuut to : int . the saddledome pack house . figure skate competition . Aaron Copeland 's " rodeo " blast through the house . on the ice -~- kate and brian in the midst of they program . come out of a death spiral and stride together the length of the ice -- arm movement , filler stuff , catch they breath as they race toward they finale -- . skate -cam close -up we be really tight here -- just the two of they , smile plaster on they face , sweat bleed through make - up -- the elegance of the sport reveal as the hard work it really be . music peaking -- faster and -- kate ( under she breath ) . pick it up ! -- pick it up ! brian 's expression tightening -- kate 's hand search for a better grip but there 's not time -- they 're into the lift -- brian clenches -- kate be up -- brian falter -- too late -- she 's launch -- into the air -- spin -- around and around but -- trouble -- she 's underrotated -- off balance -- @ come down -- she toe snag -- and brian watch in horror -- kate be fall as the music crash its final crescendo and she go sprawling across the ice -- CUT to : network feed == full frame brian alone at center ice . kate , on she ass , yard away . the crowd silent , as she rise slowly . two announcers -- dick and peggy -- solemnly break in over the picture : . dick ( qver ) oh dear ... peggy ( over ) ... such a difficult move ... dick - ( over ) +.- just a heartbreaking moment , and to have it happen here ... kate stand to sympathetic applause . she look ashen . peggy ( over ) it take so much extraordinary work , and time and effort to get this far and to have it end like this ... brian rush to kate 's side , reach for she hand . she yank it away and start skate off the ice , leave he behind . dick ( over ) . kate moseley -- my God , this just be not do -- she 's ... she 's leave the ice ... back to : live action -=- the runway choked with people -- the crowd parting -- all eye on -- kate flee the ice -- stride as fast as she can on skate guard , through the crowd and -- tuttle in the bg , disgust watch she go , as brian skate in alone from the ice and -- jack , off to one side , shaking he head , make no move to comfort he daughter as she pass and -- kate still come -- face everywhere -- and we 're tracking with her -- hand -held tension as she stare straight ahead , a stoic mask of a expression freeze on she face barely disguise the pain and fear and humiliation in she eye -- the crowd , the moment , the camera , nothing but a blur as she plough ahead and -- 10 into the corridor == kate still come -- other skater turn as she pass -- and we 're in real tight here as she start to run and she expression begin to fall apart -- tear welling as she flee and -- dissolve to : ext . chicago 's mt . sinai eye and ear -~- day EST . shot -- doctor , patient , nurse hustling in and out . CUT to : int . hospital room -- day a private room . Dead flower and stack of magazine evidence a long stay . doug , in jeans and T-shirt , stand at the mirror examine a shave scar above he right ear . he take a deep breath , steel himself , and exit the room . CUT to : int . doctor ‘s office -- day . doug sit nervously as he doctor flip through a chart on he desk . the doctor look up , find a smile . doctor I hear you have make quite a impression on we nursing staff : a moment . doug say nothing , far too tense for small talk . the doctor shift , summon he best professional resolve . doctor I wish I have better news . it could be worse . luckily , we get in fast enough to limit some of the damage . the doctor glance at the chart . doctor for the record , you have lose close to eighteen degree of peripheral vision in you right eye . ( he hesitates ) in most case , something like this would be a inconvenience , but for a hockey player , well -- doug 's so how long before it come back ? doctor different state have different drive regulation . here in Illinois , you car would have to be equipe with a full - view mirror -- doug ~~ how long before it come back ? ° doctor Doug , I be sorry , but you have get a blindside . it 's a permanent condition . pouc so there 's a operation , right ? doctor I be afraid not . doug there be a operation ! it 's just you hate to mention it because it 's so outrageously overpriced . doctor it 's not a question of money . doug it 's dangerous , right ? you open the brain -- some micro~laser thing -- you mess around , who know what could happen -- 'ot . : doctor : Doug , I have specialize in opthalmic surgery for for over thirty year -- _ doug okay ! so you do not do it here ! but somebody do it -- someplace , there 's a clinic , you have get to go to Mexico City and they inject shark piss up you nose and you have get to sit absolutely still for eight month and there 's a two percent survival rate and you hate to even mention it because it 's the kind of quack medicine you have spend you life fight , but right now , because you see just how absolutely desperate I be you be gonna break you solemn oath and tell I , right ? ( plead ) ! doctor I be very sorry , Doug ... doug sag . blink back tear . just sit there . . dissolve 7c : ne i2 ext . the duluth lock -- minnesota -- autumn -- day Gray sky . cold air . frigid spray blow off Lake Superior . doug , workclothes cover with grease , winch down a miter gate . superimpose : - two_ year later doug stand and stare grimly out over the canal as a barge pass in the bg . CUT to : ext . a roadside bar -- mahorn minnesota -- day a cinderblock gin mill in the middle of nowhere . a few car park out front . a rusted double - wide trailer sit out back . a tin sign advertise : " dorsey 's penalty BOX -- tap and grill " a pitte ' 68 chevy pull up . doug get out , head for the door , as he ride pull away . CUT to : int . dorsey 's tap and grill -- day a warm bar in a cold place . hockey stuff everywhere : poster , stick , pennant up all over . a couple drunk hunch over shot at the end of the rail . walter dorsey , Doug 's older brother , a big , beefy guy in he thirty stand behind the bar , lose in a newspaper . - " poug 's voice any mail ? walt look up to see doug head he way . walt hey ... you be early . doug ( arrive at the bar ) ate in the car . any mail ? walt nignore the question ) propane stop by . I have he leave three tank for the trailer . doug something come , do not it ? ( Walt hesitates ) you open it , right ? -- how many time do I have to tell you -- 13 walt -- hesh open it . ( down the bar ) tell he , hesh ! doug turn , angrily . hesh , a skinny , old drunk hunch down . doug it 's bad enough my brother think he can go through my goddamn -- walt -- hey , doug. ( Doug turn ) we be all just hope for good news . doug ( instantly deflate ) read it . walt dougie , come on ... . doug read it , walter . walt reluctantly pull the letter from he pocket , read : walt " we regret to inform you that at this time , we hockey program be not offer try-out to unrecruit player . " doug take the blow . look around . walt you want a beer ? have a beer . doug no. I /11 catch you later . ( start away ) sorry , hesh . silence . Long face listen , as.doug slam out the door . cuT to : ext . a pond -- twilight a pick -up hockey game in progress . doug the oldest player by far . this kide may be young , but they be good . doug move the puck up the ice , look like a giant out there -- blow past everyone -- slow to shoot when -- pee wee -- the smallest kid on the ice -- slip in on he blindside -- stripping the puck off doug 's stick -- doug turn -- too late -- bee wee stoke away with the puck . doug leave stand there , look whipped . CUT to : int . a indoor training rink -- night dome roof . regulation ice . State of the art . Dramatic contrast to the pond . a brahm concerto fill the space . on the ice -- kate and a new partner skate -- a arabesque -- into a side - by-side sit spin -- kate look perfect , she new partner , however , lose he edge and fall -- kate ( stop cold ) oh come on ...! the music stop . partner stare over like a beat dog . partner sorry , kate , I will get it . ( to someone off ice ) can we try it again ? anton pamchenko -- kate 's current coach , start out onto the ice . anton be a man who have come a long way through difficult time . a quiet reserve . eye always probing . a abrasive exterior bely a warm , know soul . ' anton ( a thick Russian accent ) we be in one piece ? '' kate ' this guy be take we nowhere . anton katya , please ... partner I can not concentrate like this ! ( plead ) every move -- every day -- she 's turn I into a nervous wreck ! kate , unmove , be already on she way off the ice . kate I have get laundry that can skate better than that . CUT to : int . the dome -- night off the ice -- anton and jack moseley in conversation . in the bg , kate on the ice . skate alone . work hard . anton you should have be make she singles skater . jack you be sure it 's too late ? anton shoot he a look that say it 's much too late . jack so where do we go from here ? anton two year , eight partner . this one be too small . that one too big . too loud . too much sweat . not enough sweat -- jack so dig a little deeper . anton we hit bottom rock , Mr. moseley . let I tell you how be : I go to rink . I see skater . if I like -- if I see even spark of hope , I talk . of course , skater say to I finally , " who be partner ? " ( he shake he head ) . reputation be like plague . { Jack stiffen ) : please ... she be tremendous skater . everyone be say this . Petite . powerful . but then always be come the big " B " ... ( a american accent ) '' whatta bitch . " jack ( bristle ) what about spindler ? kate say you speak to he , that he be on the fence . anton I spare feeling . spindler say before he skate with she he wear garlic from neck and sleep with cross . jack ( stone cold ) there 's a month leave on you contract . find someone who can cut it or get off the payroll . CUT to : 16 int . anton 's bedroom -- night spartan . the room of a refugee . a photograph of anton as a much young man on skate . a silent tv play in the bg . _ anton ( over ) +.- but difficulty be in past . be mature young woman now -- ' the camera find anton -= - on the phone , a week - long growth of beard evidence some busy day . as he listen to what be apparently unpleasant news , he reach down to pour himselé a shot of vodka from a bottle on the nightstand . anton ( into the phone ) .«.- of course ... yes , I understand , thank you , anyway . he hang up . downs the shot . he glance at the tv , before pick up the remote control and clicking the volume up -- insert -- the tv -- a hockey game in progress anton watch -- expressionless for a moment . and then he eye come alive . he lean in . think . > CUT to : ext . doug 's pond -- night cheap floodlight strung from makeshift plywood post cas a uneven glare on a small section of the ice . steel druss be space every few yard -- a obstacle course . doug , hockey stick in hand , speed across the ice -- in the amidst of a grueling kamikaze drill -- slalome in and out of tne barrel -- backward -- forward -- a amazing display of skate ability . pour sweat , heaving for breath , he st=srps . he wipe he brow , then suddenly turn , hearing something -- anton at the edge of the pond applaud . he stop . anton : Ice be safe ? sign have warning . doug so do not skate . anton shrug , start walk out . anton . you skate very strong . beautiful line . much power . Weight transfer be perfection . ( he smile ) I see many tape . doug , wind , watch he approach suspiciously . ae doug look , pal , if you be a reporter , you be a little late . the story 's be do . anton I be wonder if you be this strong in upper body ? doug what be you , some kind of twinkie ? anton , I be coach . doug you be kid ... ( a instant , total transformation ) look , hey , I be sorry -- be you the guy from b.u .? -= you be , right ? the swedish guy , right ? ( before he can answer ) ww . ! ( stand tall ) Upper body ? -- I be a rock . I be in the best shape of my life -- I be bench three -hundre . Weight training , roadwork , speed drill -- ( shifting gear ) ~- hey , I know I have a rep -- I mean , who be we fool right ? the girl , the party , the goof off -- it be a problem , no question -- anton -- I be not hockey coach . doug huh ...? anton open a gym bag hang off he shoulder , begin fishing out something that we can ’t see . anton you wear size eleven , yes ? doug what the hell be this ? anton maybe nothing . you try . doug ( look down ) that be figure skate , pal . 23 on that -- a sudden huge snapping SOUND -- doug look down . between he legs -- a jag faultline -- the ice have crack . CUT to : ext . a highway exit sign -- day greenwich connecticut pull back to find -- a stretch limousine turn off . '' CUT to : ext . the limousine -- day ease up a country lane . - stop at a large iron gate , border by a daunt , high stone wall . the gate swing open and the limo pull up a wind estate driveway . inside the limo doug , lose in the expanse of this huge backseat lounge , stare out the window at the incredible pass scenery . doug Holy shit ... up ahead , a sprawling , two -story , tudor stone cottage . driver ( veddy british ) that sir , be the pool house . doug sit back . blown away . the moseley estate be world class . the limo pass -- tennis court , olympic pool , a fifteen car garage and finally around a circular driveway , stop in front of -- a huge stone mansion . doug exit the limo , look around , dumbfounded . on the mansion step -- anton stare down , watch doug 's reaction . . curt to : ext . wooded pathway -- day anton and doug walk along when doug suddenly stop -- doug you gotta be kid ... uf ahead -- a dome private indoor rink . cuT to : int . the dome -- day anton and doug enter . a tchaikovsky symphony blaring . on the ice -- kate , in white tight and skirt , skate alone to the music . she make no sign of recognition , but know full - well she 's be watch . twirl and preen -- she 's put on a real show . doug take a good look . he smile . he like what he see . anton move to the sound system -- kill the music . anton come ... anton and doug head down the runway and start walk toward center ice . the closer they get , the bigger doug 's smile . kate turn , feign surprise -- and then she expression sour . kate that 's not spindler ! ' anton shrug . guilty as charge . kate where the hell be spindler ? you say -- anton -- you say spindler . this be Dorsey . Douglas Dorsey . : she examine doug as if he be a insect . kate Dorsey ? never head of hin . * anton Douglas be beautiful skater . ' kate step back , a look of mount horror form -- kate you be ... you be that hockey player . doug 's smile fade . . anton be try-out . doug Nice to - meet you . he offer he hand . she stare at it with epic distaste . 20 anton I say , be try-out . reluctantly , kate move to shake -- one touch and -- kate ( recoil instantly ) -- ny God ! doug - what ? -- my hand ? kate what do you do , soak they in battery acid ? doug look , I be sorry ... I guess they be a little rough , but hey ... ( he try a smile ) I have never have any complaint - before . kate ( stone cold ) I be terribly impressed . ( turn on anton} what be this , the final stage of ukranian alcohol psychosis ? doug ( to Anton ) wait a minute -- who 's check out who here ? kate ( wheeling on Doug ) I do not know how many slapshot you have take to the brain , but this be you audition , and let I assure you , it 's over . they be off and run . anton can only stare back and forth . doug yo ! -- snow White , put a clamp on it . I be here scoping you out . I tell this guy from minute - one that the idea of strapping on pink skate and throw some teeny ~ bopper rink - rat around the ice be not my idea of a happen experience ! kate ( to Anton ) get he out of my building . ( e® doug ( to Anton ) temperamental ? lemme tell you , I get another word for it . kate ( to Anton ) be that what you tell he ? doug what -- like it 's a secret ? kate who the hell do you think you be ? doug I know exactly who I be -- I ' mar guy who come a long way for lunch . kate well , do not let I keep you from the trough . doug ( to Anton ) sorry , buddy , I would not wish this on a snake . I be outta here . doug start away . kate head the opposite direction -- kate and doug kate about to anton enough !!! stop in they track . anton , introduction be over ! conversation be over ! ( to kate ) attitude be over ! ( to Doug ) insecurity be over ! ( to they both ) mouth close ! ear open ! speak -- anton ( cut she off ) be end of line ! pair mean two ! you have no partner , you be skate nowhere ! all bridge be burn . name be mud . yes , be crazy choice . but only crazy choice be be leave ! kate stare at he , shocked , chasten . 22 doug look , man -- . anton ( cut he off ) and what be for you ? back to siberia ? skate on pond be big excitement ? hockey for you be over . kaput . who else but I be be so insane to take chance on you ? doug look small all of a sudden . silence . anton good . we skate . CUT to : black skate across the ice to ... white skate . pull back to reveal -- doug , wear a Chicago blackhawks T-shirt and hockey sweat , stand behind kate . both of they stone - face . anton , on skate , circle doug , inspect . anton chest high ... as he direct , they respond and adjust . anton more ... arm to side , loose ... they rang , but there be life -- now , leave hand around she waist . doug hesitates . kate brace . anton slide in -- pull doug 's hand into position . this be suddenly very intimate . anton katya , shoulder relax ... relax . kate , tooth clench , let she shoulder fall . anton place doug 's right hand in hers . she flinch . anton skate back a few yard , admire the two of then . ' anton goed . line be beautiful . ( as he circle ) I be count a beat . on four you will push off . katya , you will lead . slowly -- a large eight . Douglas you will push leave with she leave -- right with right . she will show the way . all will be smooth and easy ... ( a slow rythmn ) one two one -- one two two -- one two three -- one two four < = ( continue as - ~) they 're off -- a jerky , false start -- but doug hang in and -- stroke -- and stroke and -- around the ice -- and kate 's not help he any , but she do not have to because he 's pick this up fast ~- and by the time they make the second turn he 's start to synch -- anton . good ! -- head up ! -- Long stroke ! skate cam close up doug and kate as they glide . she know what she 's do . '' he have to concentrate . Close quarter . . kate what do you do , shower once a week ? doug - that a invitation ? kate accelerate . doug almost slip . anton ( call over ) enough ! Center ice , please . first position . they stop . skate back beside anton , who quickly arrange they as they be in the beginning -- doug behind kate . * anton katya , lock arm please . kate comply , elbow angle at she side . anton Douglas , please to pick she up . doug look at he . - he 's serious . doug put he hand beneath kate 's elbow and lift she effortlessly . anton enough . we be finish . kate I tell you this be ridiculous . ( still up there ) will you please put I down ! doug let go -= kate drop like a stone , flat on she ass . doug guess that move need some work . kate you_psychopath ! 24 doug push off , skate for the runway . doug it 's be a gas work with you . good luck with the next victim . anton we start tomorrow morning at eight . doug and kate ( simultaneously ) what ? cuut to : ext . mansion ground -- a cottage -- evening a two -story outbuild down the lawn from the mansion . two apartment , one on either floor . CUT to : int . the top floor apartment ~-- same time pleasant . comfortably furnish . currently vacant . doug look around . anton behind hin . anton free room and board . expense . Allowance . we be work seven day a week without break . you eat , breathe , and sleep pair skate . doug . look , it be great get out of town , but I yot work tomorrow . anton . you train with I , I promise you be make wonderful live on skate the rest of you life . - doug let 's not screw around . I can not do this and you know it . anton I do not play game . be too late . doug you know what I do when I see figure skate ? it 's a three choice situation : either I leave the rink , change the channel , or laugh my ass off . anton open a closet beside a television and vcr , inside be hundred of skating video . anton then you will have much to amuse you . CUT to : ext . mansion ground -= night a corporate helicopter heave into frame , touch down on a landing pad . jack moseley , business suit , briefcase in hand , exit the chopper and jog toward the mansion . . CUT to : int . the mansion front hallway -- night jack hand he coat to a old butler as kate rip into he . kate -~- I would like to know how much you have to do with this ! jack honey , the bottom line be : can he skate ? kate you know he be come and you never say a word ! jack ( dismiss the butler ) thank you , Martin . kate and jack stand there a moment as the butler depart . jack ( all business now ) if you be tell I this guy can not skate , if you be say that Anton 's go round the bend and that you be sure -- absolutely sure -- this be a waste of time , then that 's one thing . but if you be quit on I , kate , if this be you way of tell I you have lose you stomach for it , then we better sit down and talk . kate stand there , look lose . very much undecided . jack good . you have I worried there . jack brushes a strand of hair from she shoulder . jack / I will take a look at hin . 26 int . mansion study ~- night the room be oak - panell , but it 's hard to notice because every square inch be cover with trophies , medal , and photo of kate skating since she be four . jack sit behind he desk . doug , across from he , be slouched in a armchair . jack let I tell you how I run my business : I hire the very best people I can get my hand on and I leave they alone until they disappoint I or I can find somebody better . you have hear of the Moscow Central Army Sports Club ? ( Doug nod ) Anton be they pride and joy . when it come to skate I do not think there 's anybody who know more . so I trust he . I have to . he say you be something special . he tell I he can work around you eye problen . . ( beat ) what do you think ? . doug I think you must be in pretty sad shape to come after I . jack sit back . off balance and not use to it . doug so who else be in on this ? jack what do you mean by that ? doug when you be do , do I have to go talk to mom and the rest of the family ? jack ( flatly ) kate be a only child . her mother die when she be six . jack let he hang there a moment . doug sorry . it 's be a long day . jack you stay with we and you will have a lot of long day . ne a beat . jack measure doug . jack point to jack I understand you and I have one thing in common . doug what 's that ? jack I do not like to lose either . a empty glass display case on he desk . jack you see this ? -- there 's a Olympic gold medal belong in there . we be winner in this house . we have always be winner . kate be a winner . ( he eye linger on the empty case ) and this damn thing ... this be we veminder of what happen when you hitch you wagon to a dud . ( he look up ) see , Doug , pair skate , more than anything else , be about trust . you trust that I be gonna throw you high enough in the air , and I trust that when you come down , you be not gonna put a blade in my back . I can never skate any better than you let I . doug stare back , stone - face . a cipher . jack now Brian Newman could skate . and unlike you , he be not a reclamation project . but you could not trust he . he be not what I have call a pressure player . when the whip come down , Brian fold and kate end up look like a fool . jack lift a stack of papers on he desk for doug to see . jack ball the jack this be scout report . male skater . thirty - five wash -out . ( pull the one on top ) wagner ... no stamina . paper in he hand -- toss it across he desk toward a garbage can -- miss . 23 jack ( take the next ) myersohn ... no rhythm . jack crumple this one -= - toss it -- miss again . jack ( in quick succesion ) leone ... parne ... hudler ... ( he miss all three , focus on Doug ) be you a pressure player , Doug ? or be everyone waste they time ? without a word , doug , lean forward , take the next page on the stack , crush it quickly in he hand and flip it effortlessly toward the garbage can -- the paper arc far across the room -- bing ! Dead perfect . jack lucky shot . doug I say I make it again . ( he grin ) double or nothing my allowance . jack smile , push the stack toward he . jack 7 you be on . . CUT to : int . door outside the study kate at the keyhole -- a baffling silence . suddenly , the door fly OPEN -- jack and doug exit the study , all smile . jack ( put a arm over Doug 's shoulder ) great to have you aboard , son ! ( look up ) kate , there you be ... kate stare in horror at this tableau of fraternity . doug great meeting you , Jack ... ( he glance at kate , smile broadly ) »-- and I x11 catch you act tomorrow . cuT to : 29 int . the butler 's bedroom Dark . proper . martin , the eldery butler , read in bed , hear something -- look up over bifocal . martin well ... kate , wear a nightgown , step into the room , close the door furtively behind she . silence . she stand there . martin it 's be a while , have not it ? kate nod . something needy in she expression . / martin that bad ? ( she nod again ) I be a old man , kate . ( she shrug ) we will be very tired in the morning . kate I will not tell if you will not . martin cut the thinnest of smile . kate brighten . wipe to : martin 's room -- two hour later kate and martin sprawle on a couch , chastely bundle in nightclothes and blanket -= watch tv -~- popcorn , cookie , potato chip , strewn everywhere . kate be weep . martin , huddle in robe and nightcap , look pretty choke - up himself . across the room -- on tv -- a videotape run the final , tear-stain moment of " Dark Victory . " dissolve to : int . ( the dome -- early morning doug at center ice , stare straight ahead . anton , carry a dozen plastic cone , stand with kate off to one side . as this scene play , anton , testing the perimeter of doug 's visual problem , move kate around the ice . anton we start here -- you be see she ? doug nope . anton drop a cone , pull kate forward to the next position . doug ( call over ) if you be so good , why do not you just skate solo ? ( silence , he turn - - ) '' anton eye forward ! ( Doug turn back ) you be see here ? doug shake he head no . anton drop a cone . they move on . doug it 's a reasonable question . anton tell he . __ kate ( grudgingly ) I would not . do the compulsory . doug you mean , that figure eight and stuff ? would not or could not ? kate I detest the entire procedure . anton ( stop ) compulsory require patience . ( kate shoot he a look ) what about here ?: doug get it . anton drop two cone , check the angle . kate break free . . kate talk about hire the handicapped . doug hey , if we be gonna work together , you might try and be polite . kate you be not go to be here long ~ enough to make it worth the effort . doug do not think I / 11 be able to put up with you shit ? kate ( as she pass ) I do not think you can skate . doug there 's only two thing I do really well and skate 's one of they . kate grunting around the ice with a stick in you hand be not skate . doug honey , when it come to hockey , you have not , get a clue . ( beat ) be not you go to ask I what the second thing be ? kate God , you really be a neanderthal . doug sorry to disappoint you , but I be from Minnesota . kate stare over , incredulous . doug smile -- he 's joke . doug what do you do for fun ? Polish you knife collection ? kate I be sure there 's nothing I do that you have find exciting . I do not open beer bottle with my toe . I do not sit around and count what 's leave of my tooth . I do not even enjoy watch a good tractor- pull . it 's a very limited existence , but I have get use to it . doug life of the party , huh ? ( he start to stretch ) place must be crawl with guy . kate ( bite at this ) for you information , I do have a boyfriend . doug there 's a rough gig . what do you do , keep he chain in the basement ? kate hale , at the moment , be work in my father 's London office . he 's a mba . Harvard ? maybe you have hear of it , they have a hockey team . doug must be a very sharp guy . ( she look at hin , suspicious ) I 'il bet . you look all right from a couple thousand mile away . cuUT to : int . the dome -- later Center ice . anton face doug and kate . anton in hockey , everything be low . Center of gravity be low . Weight transfer be low . shoulder be low . kate , you forget intelligence . anton ( shoot she a look ) here , for we , everything be line . , everything be grace . for pair skate , be one thing mean entire game : man and woman together make flower . you , Douglas , be sten . man be support , strength , fiber . katya be petal . she be beauty , radiance , delicacy . be flower , you understand ? ( language drift ) tsvyeetoch ’niy . doug so what 's Russian for poison ivy ? . cuut to : int . doug 's bedroom -- before dawn anton enter the dark room , hit the light . doug , dead _ asleep pull the blanket over he head and -- cue music -- we training theme -- we be into a montage . wipe to : int . the dome -- morning kate , lace up , watch anton work doug on the ice . wipe to : 32 ne 33 ext . forest trail -- dawn doug and anton run through the wood . the camera pull ahead -- kate , way out front , look fresh . wipe to : int . weight room -- night state-of - the-art . doug toil at a nautilus machine , glance between rep at -- kate , across the room , every hair in place , as she muscle a row machine . . wipe to : int . training room -- day a padded floor . kate in mid-air , hang by a leather harness as anton demonstrate a lift for doug . wipe to : int . anton 's apartment -- night the mirror image of doug 's upstairs studio . anton eat . doug , head down on the table , be dead asleep . wipe to : int . the dome -- day Center ice . kate stahding stoically . doug stare at anton . doug you want my hand where ? anton point . kate brace . doug exhales , shake he head , and slip he hand gingerly between kate 's leg . wipe to : int . the dome a quick series of fall -- change of clothing evidence that this be happen over a period of week . kate fall ... doug slip ... kate trip up doug ... doug trip over kate ... kate and doug collide ... wipe to : int . the dome doug pull off a worn -out , beaten skate and hand it to anton for he inspection . anton shake he head . wipe to : tight close - up a stream of SPARKS pour from a grinding wheel as a skate blade , be sharpen , strain against the stone . 34 pull back to reveal int . a custom skate and bootworks -- day kate and anton stand back as a old craftsman work the wheel . this place be clearly a landmark -- a century 's worth of dust and grime coat the entire cluttere space . doug , off to one side , stare at the wall -- cover with hundred of yellowing , autograph photograph of skater who have journey here over the year . bouug . ( read the name ) lutz ... axel ... sal - chow ... he look up to see anton watch hin . doug you mean this move be name after actual people ? before anton can answer , the craftsman , turn sharply -- craftsman it 's sal-kow . ulrich salchow . ( eye boring on Doug ) the world do not start last week , young man . doug swallow . the craftsman shake he head ' with disgust , turn back to the wheel . anton gesture for kate and doug to leave -- . anton why do not I meet you across the street ? CUT to : int . new york restaurant ~- day . kate and doug seat in this elegant little bistro , silently examine menus . a waiter side to the table . waiter you be wait for a third party ? kate yes , but we ’1ll go ahead . doug waiter I will have -- madam -- kate stare at doug , then turn to the waiter . '' kate I have like the aparagus and the calamari salad . four wedge of lemon . no dress . no oil . the waiter scribbles , turn to doug -- doug be there a burger on here ? ( kate groan ) . you have a problem ? kate . no . you have the problen . the waiter stand - by uncomfortably . doug ( to the waiter ) blind date . ( stare at kate as he order ) I would like a cheeseburger , a well - do , friendly , all - american , missionary - position , cheeseburger please . waiter I be afraid , sir , that we do not have any ground beef in the house this afternoon . kate ( to the’ waiter ) food frighten he . he talk tough but he 's actually a very timid young man . doug glare . the waiter look back and forth nervously . doug just bring I what she 's have . waiter the calamari , sir ? doug sure . - just make mine well do . waiter well do be not really - kate I have love to see you expression , but it 's not worth waste the meal . you just order squid salad . doug ( challenge now ) you think I will not eat squid ? kate I do not think you can spell squid . doug ( to the waiter ) bring it on . waiter yes sir . anything to drink ? '' doug I will have a draft beer . whatever go best with squid . and bring my date here a glass of diet cyanide . CUT to : int . the dome -~ day montage theme again == anton at a video camera , filming -- doug and kate as they skate . this. be get more complex , doug . lift she on the move -- he hand all over she body , turn -- landing she awkwardly and -- wipe to : int . . anton 's apartment -- day doug at the table , stare as martin set a huge thanksgiv.73 feast before he . anton enter from the kitchen , place a iced bottle of vodka and three shot glass on the table . doug what have we here ? anton we break training today . ( to the butler as he pour the shot ) you be join we , Martin ? martin look up , interested . doug a little surprised . anton ( expansive ) of course you be . Thanksgiving be most special holiday for I . doug Thanksgiving ? in Russia ? anton no , I defect on Thanksgiving . Paris , November 27 , 1974 . 37 anton hand they shot . raise he glass . anton let we drink to pilgrim . the three man touch glass and drink . wipe to : ext . the mansion ground ~- sunset doug and anton stare out over Long Island sound , pass a bottle of champagne , as the sun drop over the horizon . anton ».+- Z be very imaginative thinker . Big idea . dream like cowboy western . America , I be sure , will be fall at my foot like drunk on sidewalk . ( laugh at the memory ) here I be ! -- I be coach nine european champion . I be coach seven World champion . four gold Olympic . I be burt lancaster ! ( a wistful pause ) so I come . I wait . where be cadillac ? where be red carpet ? Big idea need much feed . soon be no more burt lancaster in mirror . doug reach in he pocket , pull a large turkey drumstick , take a bite and hand it to anton . ~ doug ¢’non , you be tell I nobody be interested ? '' anton . I speak no English . I have no money . american coaches , powerful coaches , be not help . I drink too much ... ( drift into Russian ) ... beda no prikhodit odna . doug what 's that mean ? anton bad shit never come alone . ( a bite of turkey ) so I drive cab . I write letter . I master language of English . ( he grin ) I come here . 33 doug what 's he pay you to coach she ? anton flash a cagey smile . it 's too good to talk about . _ doug so what do you do with it all ? anton I have daughter . in leningrad . I send dollar through hungary . doug she 's a skater ? anton no . my daughter be nurse . doug nod . . a pause . anton watch he , suddenly serious . anton you wonder how I leave family behind , yes ? doug it 's none of my business . anton be very @ifficult time for I . selfish time . much unpopularity for I in Russia . much unhappiness . be no excuse . be explanation . ( he 's choke up ) I be sorry ... Thanksgiving , my heart be close to the skin . doug nod , take back the drumstick . they stare out over the water as the montage theme come up and <- cut to : int . the dome -- day in the bg , a janitor drive a zamboni around the ice . kate and doug be seat on the sideline . she 's read . he 's impatiently taping up a hockey stick . kate look over . kate if you be so bored , why do not you read ? doug what ? you mean a book ? kate that be a traditionally accept format , yes . doug grunt . continue with the stick . kate do not you ever read ? doug like what ? kate I do not know , tv guide ? doug hey , look , I can read . kate so what 's the last book you read ? ( he shrug ) you be in college . doug the last thing I read in college be the letter cancelling my scholarship when I could not play anymore . kate you must have have to read a book in high school . doug I be a hockey player . I have be . a hockey player since I be nine . the only thing a hockey player have to be able to read be the penalty clock . kate and they graduate you ? doug graduate I ? they revere I . I be a God . kate what a tragic commentary on we time . : doug State championship , my last game , grow man wept like child . two hundred people carry I on they shoulder around the ice until the Minnesota State Police come to break it up . the zamboni head off the ice . 3g kate so what be you plan on do when you gladiate day be over ? doug you can bet you tight I never think I have be work in a freakshow like this . anton ( enter behind they ) Children ! on the ice please . kate stand , pull she skate guard , turn to doug . kate , I be surprised you do not just chuck it all and start you own think tank . doug you ‘’re pretty sure I do not know what that mean , be not you ? kate smile . skate away . doug stand there , hat she . doug ( under he breath ) bitch . . kate ( she hear he ) boob . . cut to : ext . mansion -- day snow on the ground . Christmas light on evergreen . CUT to : ' int . kate 's locker room -- day kate , half -dress , be startle by a knock at the door -- kate -- you want to hang on please ! doug come through the door . kate grab frantically for a towel -- barely cover up as -- kate -- what the hell do you think you be -- do I say come in ? doug , hold a crudely wrapped package in he hand , stand he ground , enjoy kate 's discomfort as she quickly knot the towel above she chest . kate o- get out ! out this second ! doug smile , eye all over she . doug kate , I handle the stuff all the time , it 's not that big a mystery . kate stand there stiffly . something challenge in she expression . a moment as she recover she poise . doug merry Christmas . ' ( offer the package ) think fast . he toss the package -- she catch it , almost lose she towel . she stare at he , and then open she locker , pui :s out a designer - wrapped BOX . kate ( hurl it at he ) happy holiday . doug snag it before it take off he head . kate start to open hers , doug watch . : doug pretty tough , shopping for the girl who have everything . kate ( look down ) oh ... doug actually , I do not have much time to shop . kate hold a wear , vintage chicago blackhawks jersey at arm 's length . kate a old shirt ... doug irt ? -- Bobby Hull wear that ! Bobby Hull for chrissake -- I have have that shirt for fifteen year ! ( kate stare ) forget it -- you do not want it , I / 1l take it back . kate no , no -- I like it . realiy . kate find a smile . doug cool . kate so open yours . doug start on he gift -- pull off the ribbon and then he expression sour -- a book . .- doug «.- " great expectation ? " kate ( smile ) it be that or " curious George Plays hockey . " I take a chance . CUT to : ext . mansion -- night doug , dress : in a ill-fitting , brown polyester suit and black tie , stand with anton at the front door . the door swing open -- : the full rush of a large party . jack mosely stand there smile in a tuxedo . jack happy New Year ! C ’mon in ! cuut to : int . the mansion doug and anton enter a big party , in the grand , upper crust tradition . prosperous men and women , in tuxedo and evening gowns . butler and waiter circle with champagne and trays of food . a dance band play from the ballroom . doug stare around , amaze . this be exactly how the other half life . and then he gaze settles on -- the marble staircase kate gather with a group of people . she be resplendent ; . devastating in a tight , .drop -dead , strapless .gown . we know she look good , but we have never see she like this . a tall , sandy - haire , tuxedoed man in he late twenty , put he arm around she waist , as the group break into laughter . doug stand there , gape . a pass butler proffer a tray of champagne glass . doug grab one , drain it fast . CUT to : int . mansion bathroom party sound ( os ) . doug at the mirror . pull at he hair . brush he cheap suit . tugging he tie . no improvement . he 's never feel more like a hick in he life . CUT to : 42 43 int . jack 's study / trophy room party sound ( os ) . doug alone , in a corner , stare at a collection of photograph distance slightly from the rest . insert the photo -- Black and white , with a texture and atmosphere that date they from the fifty . feature in each picture be a young woman skater , kate 's mother , in various pose on the ice : Dancing -- alone -- surrounded by a Ice capade - type chorus line . she be beautiful , glamorous ; the glow of a powerfully unique personality shine through . doug step away from this shrine , start for the door , when -- kate ( enter ) ~~ hale ? ( see Doug ) oh ... doug I be just look -- kate be not this door close ? doug sort of , but ... kate move aside ; she want he out . doug pass into -- the hallway as kate close the door tightly behind they . kate it 's not a museun . doug , about to apologize , realize kate be stare at he outfit . doug ( self-conscious ) Black tie , I think -- kate yes , you tie jis black . doug stiffen , vulnerable , ready for she to lay he out . , kate ( soften ) do not worry about it . doug Anton should have tell I . 44 kate it 's not that big a deal . a waiter pass with champagne . doug grab two glass , desperate to change the subject . doug I be gonna tell you , that book you give I , it 's something else . kate ( with a smile ) really ? be you use it as a door stop or a coaster ? doug ( hand she a glass ) . very funny . . kate I do not drink . dou . ' | it 's only champagne . kate I have never have a drink in my life . doug i e . you be kid , right ? ( she stare back , definitely not kid ) what be it , the calory ? kate ( bristle ) consider you knowledge of self contrel be about as extensive as you wardrobe , I have hardly expect you to understand . doug c’mon kate , everybody 's get to cut loose sometime . it 's New year Eve for chrissake -- one glass ... kate as thrill as this moment may be for you , it 's hardly what I would describe as transformational . the man we see with kate on the stair step into frame . no , man . kate , there you be .... you the man lean in -- suddenly aware of doug 's presence . kate hale , this be Doug . Doug Dorsey , hale forrestal . hale be instantly focus . a quick patrician smile . hale well , finally ... the secret weapon . I have hear so much about you . hale offer he hand , doug stick with the two glass , nod . hale May I ? ( pluck one ) this call for a toast . doug chafe under hale 's inspection . doug let 's drink to the little people . hale blink as doug drain he glass . kate watch they . hale I understand you be at the University of Minnesota . doug for a while . hale I play a little hockey myself . for fun . : doug ( flatly ) yeah ? let I know sometime , we 'il slap it around . kate if you two will excuse I , naked male insecurity really leave I cold . kate walk . hale and doug leave stare after she . hale , recover he swagger , turn back to doug . doug so , dude , back for long ? a pause . hale regards doug unpleasantly . ' / aay oo hale just several day . we / have be very busy in the London office . but then I gather you have be on quite a schedule as well . douc jack. like to get he money 's worth . hale I understand you have be give kate a rough time of it . doug you know kate . hale yes , I do . for quite a while . and I do not like to see she upset . doug I be you , I have invest in blindfold . before hale can find he tongue , doug be walk away . CUT to : the party -~- later the ballroom . : the band really play . on the dance floor , anton tear it up with a very spry dowager . CUT to : the party -- later kate stand near a buffet table with several socialite . as they banter , kate 's eye drift across the room -~ she expression souring as she watch -- doug -- across the room -- stand with two 18-year-old debutante . we can not hear what he 's say from this far away , but whatever it be , the debs be loving it ; giggle and flirt like crazy . CUT to : the party -- later the crowd gather in the ballroom . the bandleader count down the final second of 1991 -- bandleader ...ten ...nine ... ( the crowd join in ) +..- eight ...seven ... in the back of the room -- doug alone in the doorway . a the crowd -+.six ...five ... a few yard away -- kate reach down to manuever hale 's hand off she ass . . the crowd ...four ...three ...two ...one ... happy new year ! !!! horn -~- confetti -- " auld lang syne " == couple embrace -- doug be grab by one of the debutante for a big kiss , and then he 's pass to the second debutante , another kiss , and then he 's hand over to a older woman and -- several yard off <= kate pull from hale 's embrace into the arm of a older man and then pass to another man and the . music 's go and couple all over the room be do the same thing and kate be surrender to the moment when suddenly -- doug and kate thrust into each other 's arm , instinctively move toward a kiss -- when suddenly they freeze . a dead stop . kate recoil . doug stiffen . and then , pretend it never happen , they turn away into the crowd . CUT to : the buffet room -~ minute later music echoing from the ballroom . doug enter , grab a bottle of champagne from a ice bucket and keep on go . CUT to : int . kate 's bedroom -- later Dark . kate 's gown crumpled in a mess on the floor . hale 's tuxedo fold carefully over a chair . in bed ' -- hale asleep and snore . kate , beside he , be wide awake , look tense and unsatisfy . she stand , pull a sheet around she , move across the room to the window . she listen , then throws the window OPEN and stare out . the faint SOUND of rock and roll play from somewhere . . CUT to : int . the dome -- night pounding rock and roll echoes through the build . doug , alone , on the ice . hockey stick in hand . dozen of puck litter around the ice . a private moment of total free-form mania . doug skate , blit -- fire puck against the wall like a man possese ; like a man who have no choice but to burn off he reckless energy before it kill he . 48 dissolve to : ext . the mansion -- early morning anton stand at the front door , talk with kate . kate what do you mean , we be take the weekend off ? anton just till Monday . be three day . he work very hard . we make much progress . ( she 's wait for detail ) steam be need to be blow off . you know ... outside contact .... kate when you say outside contact what exactly be we talk about ? anton katya , please , be not boy . be man . Young vigorous man . ( he try a smile ) too much ... solitude be not good . . e@ kate ue we work seven day a week . we work Thanksgiving . we work Christmas . I have the flu , and we work . I have a boyfriend in London , and we work . I show up every day of the week and skate a remedial pair clinic so you can play Dr. frankenstein with this goon ! I show up ready to work every day for nineteen week and now you give he two day off so he can go ' whore around New York ? . anton : be not entirely correct . ( kate stare ) he go to Boston . - as the door slam shut in he face . dissolve to : white screen two payr of skate -- both in mid-air , slice into frame . super-slow motion as they turn , glisten above the ice . . touch down , the slow motion accelerate -- music fade vo. in -- the camera begins to pull away -- superimpose : nine month later kate and doug in the dome -- skate the hell out of a real routine . ' they have get very good -- arabesque into a double toe loop throw -- kate in the air -- landing in doug 's arm -- and into the big finish as the music peak -- a side - by-side blur spin at center ice as the number end . off the ice -=- jack , anton , hale , martin , several maids and housekeeper all applaud . kate and doug -- rise from they finish position . the nuclear winter of they past relationship have warm over time into a grudge respect . kate you be still rush the lutz . doug maybe you just ought to go with it . ( kate look over , Doug smile ) do what I do -- just close you eye and commit . kate be about to rebut , as jack and anton bound onto the :-:e jack just tremendous ! tremendous ! hale , in loafer , slip and slide awkwardly toward thes hale honey , you be terrific ! they all turn as hale fall on he ass onto the ice . CUT to : int . a fancy greenwich restaurant -- night the camera circle the table -- jack , anton , hale , kate a waiter stand - by and finally to -- doug transformed -- at least partially : a well - tailore «..° tanned and fit . Long hair pull back stylishly . hardiy the oafish rube we remember from New Year 's Eve party . doug I 'il have the terrine of seafood , follow by the steak au poivre , and I have like that rare please . the waiter nod , back away . jack lean into the table jack let 's get down to business . it 's Labor Day weekend , where do we stand ? anton first be to get Douglas eligible . doug what 's that go to be like ? anton for you be like test pilot take driver 's exam . jack and then into the sectionals ? anton we skip sectionals . they turn -- this be news -- anton pull a book from he bag , place it on the table . anton . usfsa rule number eight-hund and twenty - three ... ( he open the book begin to read - - ) " former World team pair member compete with eligible partner may receive , upon application to the executive Council , a bye into the National championship . " doug straight to the national ? jack I love it . kate you be kid . anton rule be rule . who expect former champion to skate with unknown . ( he close the book ) January five . New Orleans . jack and then the Olympic in February . ( he grin ) I smell gold ... the table brim with confidence . only anton dissent . anton hope perhaps must be scale back . doug what be you talk about ? anton figure skate be not like hockey . team scoring most goal do not always win . this be yery small world . people will not be rush to welcome we . ( look around ) I be outsider . Douglas be freak . katya ... well ... ( he let this go ) let 's just say we be have three strike against we . to be win place on team we will have to be best by very much . jack so we will be the best . hale ( raise he glass ) to success . , doug Hell , we can do better than that . ( hale stop - - ) I say we kick some butt . + jack that 's the ticket ! -- let 's drink to kick butt . they clink glass and sip -- kate drink soda . hale I have another announcement to make . ( he look at kate ) . Jack 's see fit to transfer I back to the home office in New York , and kate and I ... ( he hesitates ) «.ewell , we be go to be marry this winter , kate ( correct he ) I tell you -- the spring . after competition . hale spring , winter , whatever . 52 jack and anton break huge grin . hale , beam , put he arm around kate 's shoulder , close -up -- doug -- as this news register . he 's stunne , and more than that , he 's stunne that he 's stunne . we hold on he for this next : jack ( over ) oh Katie ... it 's about time ! I be wonder how long I have have to wait ! anton ( over ) this become quite the night , katya , please , my kiss . doug rally , summon a hearty smile . doug congratulation . that 's great . hale ( over ) show they the ring , kate . jack ( over ) my God ... now that 's a piece of ice . still on doug -- as the conversation drift away away and -- curt to : int . a public rink brightly light and practically desert . on the ice , a ten-year- old girl skate to the final chorus of " tomorrow . " she almost fall , recover , and it 's over . off the ice -- three test judge sit at a desk mark : usfsa testing . the judge check off they score and nod approvingly at the girl , who nervously exit the ice . woman judge ( call around the rink ) male senior pair test . skater twelve and thirteen , please . in the runway kate and doug wear plain , elegant warm - up suit , emerge . anton in the shadow behind then . on the sideline the judge and a SMALL group of young skater , parent , and coach gather behind they , react with amazement : '' group -- mommy , that 's kate moseley ! ~- it 's kate moseley ! -- could not be ... -- my God , it be ... kate and doug skate to center ice , as the group fall silent . woman judge ( very surprised ) kate , well ... Nice to see you back . kate it 's nice to be here . male judge whenever you be ready . a beat . and then music -- something simple and orchestral -- begin to play -- and kate and doug begin to skate . the judge look blow away . the group of skater and parent watch in awe . this be something special and they know it . cuut to : int . doug 's apartment -- night the place be a mess , but a mess with a new slant -- book litter all over -- skating tape stack by the vcr . doug be sprawle on the couch , read . a knock at the door . * doug who be it ? kate ( 0.s. ) ( through the door ) it 's I . kate . doug react , this be very unusual . he jump off the couch , glance around the room , gaug the epic proportion of the mess , but before he can jump into action -- kate , dress to go out , push she way in . doug kate ... she stand there a moment , look around curiously , as if this be the first time she have be here . kate I come to say have a good trip . you be leave in the morning . doug yeah . kate I bring the tape . last practice . uo i she lay the tape on the table , eye move around the roon . kate I have not be up here in a long time . not since Brian . doug watch she as she give the place a real inspecticn . doug it 's a little different . kate Brian have mirror up all over . doug . yeah , I take ‘em down . ~ {off balance ) it 's kind of a mess , I be not -- kate ( surprised ) book ... doug ) gotta pass the time , right ? kate stop at a playboy centerfold pin to the wall . kate I guess when you be not read ... {still snooping she stop at --) insert -- a dozen framed photo of the 1988 . olympic hockey team -- feature prominently on the wall . kate ( stare at the collection ) ahhh ... the Wall of shame . doug laugh if you want . I look at it , it keep I go .. kate be that what keep you go ? doug everybody 's get something behind then . vw uw kate glance back . doug it 's not like I be the only one who 's get memory on the wall . kate digest this . turn back to the picture . doug laugh . she stare as doug Bet you can not pick out the best look guy on the team . kate the one with the mask . doug what keep you go , kate ? ( she turn ) do you really like to skate ? if ' she would never consider this question before . doug it 's just , sometimes -- well a lot of the time , actually , it do not seem like you be get off on the stuff -- I mean , you be great . you work like crazy . you skate the shit out of everything , but -- hale ( 0s ) ( call from below ) kate ? -- you come ? kate ( call down ) be right there ! ( back to Doug ) I have be skate for a very long time . people expect I to skate well . it 's what I do , it 's -- doug that 's not what I mean . kate ( she laugh ) what be this ? -- I stop up to say have a nice weekend and you be go to start give I training tip ? doug I only ask if you like to skate . ue ov kate everybody can not just " close they eye , " and throw themselves off the cliff . doug open or close , do not make any difference , just as long as you jump . a pause , before -- hale ( 0s ) honey , we be run late ! kate ( answer sharply ) I ’1ll get there when I get there ! she turn back to doug , shaking she head . a beat . doug go out ? kate just a movie . they stand there a moment , kate linger . kate you might want to check out the tape , you release into that twist axel look a little hesitant . ( ribbing he ) would not want to look uptight out there , would we ? doug catch she eye , they stand there for a moment , but it 's enough of a moment to scare she . she start to back away -- ' kate well ... see you Monday , I guess . doug you be gonna miss I ... kate smile , eye sparkling for just a instant . kate I will struggle through . and she 's go . doug stand there a moment . he move to ' the window , pull the shade , stare down . doug 's Pov -- through the window as kate and hale get into a chauffeure car and pull away . vu cuT to : ext . dorsey 's penalty BOX -~ night the parking lot be jamme . music blasting from inside . CUT to : close up ~- a huge banner " welcome home Doug " pull back to reveal -- the bar . the place be rock . this be clearly the place to be in mahorn , Minnesota tonight . no sign of doug or walter however . blondie , 25 , cute , in a ripe , blowzy way , wear a halter top that do little to hide she ample charm , move through the crowd , balance a pitcher of beer and two glass -- girl ( over the music ) ? ( head shake no , she move on ) — _ — i ? ( mikey shrug , she 's get piss ) where be that sonofabitch ? CUT to : ext . the back entrance -- same time doug and walter outside , alone , stand amidst empty keg and garbage . the trailer in the bg . walter ( incredulous ) -- eigure skate ? be you kid I , or what ? -- figure skate ? doug cringe , motion for walter to be quiet -- walter do not shush I ! ~- Jesus Christ , dougie , I just spend the last eleven month tell everybody and they brother that you be off in the goddamn merchant Marines ! doug I just do not know how to tell you . walter stare at he as if he be a total stranger . walter ... figure skate . Jesus ... doug you know how we always talk about the new bar , the place in town -- I be serious , this time next year , you could be pick out chandelier -- walter -- gimme a break already ! forget about the new goddamn bar . I have . doug walter , I swear -- I could go all the way . walter all the way to where ? I mean , come on Doug -- you be a hockey player for cry out loud . if you be lucky -- if you be yery lucky -- this time next year , you will be inside a snoopy costume , skate in the frigging Ice capade . doug I be tell you , I be good . walter this be figure skate . you be : @ go a year . how good could you be ? . doug you know I better than that ! I be tell you I be good and you better believe I . and you better believe I be not work fifteen hour a day every day of the week to win some consolation prize . Christ , Walt , do you know what a Olympic gold medal be worth ? -- we be talk everything from wheaty box to snow tire ! walter what about the girl ? she as crazy as you . be ? doug in she own way . walter look at he little brother . shrug . smile . walter ( gesture the bar ) let I break it to ’em slowly . / on that -- the back door open -- blondie stand there beam a big lascivious grin at doug . or of blondie you can run , but you can not hide . doug swallow . he have like to do both . CUT to : ext . new york -- day EST . shot -- seventh avenue . the garment district . CUT to : int . a fashion showroom -- same time two mannequin -- dress in a match pair of wildly - cu : sequine skate outfit . doug , anton , kate and a clothins designer , a woman of 40 , stare at this creation -- doug hey , if this be a joke , I be ready to laugh ... the designer pale . kate stare at he . anton brace . doug look , if anybody here think I be get inside one of that thing they better guess again . kate marcia and I , quite honestly , we think it would look good on you . - designer something sheer and well ... nadmire doug 's physique ) you do not want to hide you light under a basket . doug oh great . so now we be hawk my ass out there ? designer deo you know how long we have work on this ? doug do I care ? kate Marsha design for all the top pair . she 's always do my outfit . 60 doug ( sarcastically ) oh well , that change everything . CUT to : close - up -- a stereo rack system two CD player side by side -- we hear ( qver ) a chaotic mix of music : a lush symphony of romantic string compete with the hard crunching beat of some serious rock and roll . the camera track along the two sets of headphone wire -- widening to reveal -- kate 's bedroom -- the mansion large and luxurious . a pink , feminine , almost saccarine decor . everything in it 's place , except for the floor that be cover with CD -- hundred of they scattered everywhere . finally to -- kate and doug both wear headphone , sprawle on the floor , listen . it look as though this have be a long session , doug be grimly suck on a beer . kate , turn away , do not look happy about what she 's listen to either . kate rip off she headphone -- the rock and roll disappear instantly from the track . kate ( turn to Doug ) you have get to be kid . he can not hear she . kate lean to the stereo , shut the power . the classical music stop -- silence . doug ( pull off he phone ) -- what ? kate I say : you have get to be kid . doug you do not like it ? -- that 's one of ny favorite tune . kate ( reprising he earlier costume complaint ) " on , well , that change everything . " doug come on ... you get off on it and you be afraid to tell I . kate stand . she stare as . kate dream on . but what about the chopin ? I should never have interrupt you , you look mesmerize . doug I be fall asleep . start gather she CD in a huff . doug kate , look , ten thousand other skater be gonna be cue up the same boring crap . kate chopin , for you information , be hardly easy - listen . doug c'mon , it 's like the costume , I mean , let 's break a little ground . let 's kick a little ass . . kate I keep tell you -- judge do not like to be shocked . they do not even like music with vocal . you throw on a pair of jeans and try skate to this stuff and the only ass in line to be kick will be ours ! doug you really think we can win any other way ? because I think Anton 's right -- I think we be a freakshow . I think we have gotta blow they away because they be never gonna let we brown - nose we way into a medal . kate you want to win , you play it straight . doug ( with a smile ) do not work for you before . doug pull one last CD from he pocket . kate what 's that ? doug ( move for the stereo ) I be save this for last . 62 kate I think I have have enough . let 's just call it a night . doug pop in the CD , punch it up . a drum beat fill the room -- it 's loud --'a synth bass thump in -- kat : Doug ! . doug ( offer he beer ) have a sip . we be gonna dance . kate we be not . doug put down the beer and kick away the other CD as the music come alive . there 's a lot of music in this film , but this be the song -- we hit single , and whatever else it may be it 's definitely contemporary , urgent , and sexually romantic . as the music build , doug reach for kate 's hand . she pull away . doug decide to go it alone -- doug ( move through it ) okay ... into the layback ...one , two three , four ... and out -- a little serpentine bullshit across the ice and then double axel twist lift ... and whoaa ... look good , check she out ... what a arch ... and this guy 's not too shabby either , let she down soocco easy -- the camera feature -- kate , start to smile , sway slightly to the music , as doug '' skate " around the room . she 's can not help get catch up in he enthusiastic vision . doug -- round the far turn , pick up a little speed here -- she 's smile , she know this be happen -- this guy be not just good , he 's incredible -- outside edge , and she pick and -- gimme a break , nobody nail a camel spin like this -- talk about poetry in motion -- suddenly the music stop -- doug catch in mid-move -- hale , stand there , in robe and pajamas , half asleep . hale guy , it 's midnight . I have get a six - thirty appointment . 63 kate ' we be just wrapping up . hale stare at kate as doug grab he coat and beer . doug {to kate as he go ) think about it . CUT to int . the dome -- day kate alone on the ice , practice a spin . she come out of it and something catch she eye -- she stare . off the ice -- rick tuttle stand there watch she . tuttle you be still drop you shoulder on the exit . _ kate , shocked , skate closer for a better look . tuttle we have a exhibition up in hartford . I be arive past . ( look around ) . they remember I at the gate . kate what be you do here ? tuttle I think you have retire . kate I change my mind . tuttle I hear . you know what I think be the saddest thing about sport : people who stay too long at the party . ( he smile ) you be a great champion , kate . we have a nice run . maybe it end badly , but I blame myself for that . kate what be you do here , Rick ? tuttle I be say I have like to see you go out a champion . kate that 's the plan . 64 tuttle if you have want to skate that badly , why do not you come to I ? I know we make some mistake but -- kate ? you spend ten year tie I into knot ! tuttle you be always difficult . kate be that how you tell it , Rick ? because I remember it differently . I remember a nine - year - old girl who be willing to do anything to keep people happy . and for Rick tuttle , my God ... ( she laugh ) I skate through fire for you . I turn myself inside out try to please you , and it be never , ever enough , be it ? tuttle I be sorry you feel that way . you mean a lot to this sport . you still do . ( he pause , shrug ) I have just hate to see you humiliate . kate stand there , defiance instantly replace by doupt . - kate humiliate ? tuttle ( sense blood ) come on , kate , this guy , a hockey player ... : ( he smile ) I mean , let 's face it , trust partner have never be you strong suit . kate take a deep breath , willing herself calm . kate just so you know , before you get the hell out of my building -- this guy , this hockey player , be the best skater I have ever be on the ice with . he 's go to make you cry he 's so good . on ui tuttle say nothing . a moment . kate you know you way out . tuttle nod , turn , and walk back and out the way he come . kate stand there , flushed . she skate to the runway , lift a bottle of water to she lip and stop cold -- there 's doug -- slouched in the shadow . he 's hear the whole thing . he stand , start slowly for the ice . kate ' ( she mean it ) you let I down , I swear to God , I will knock out what 's leave of you tooth . doug ( as he near ) do not sweat it , kate . ( point to he ring finger ) do I one favor , willya ? take off the rock while we work . it 's cut the hell out of my hand . she can only stare as he pull he guard and hit the ice . CUT to : int . mansion entertainment room -- night kate and hale eat dinner , as she study a videotape of practice . a pause before -- hale I look at that apartment today . kate ( rewind the tape ) I keep tell he he 's get to get more extension on that lutz . hale do you hear I ? ( kate turn ) the place in New York . East seventy sixth . I go with the broker . kate you. go without I ? hale it 's not go to stay on the market forever . hale lean closer , take she hand . hale : why do not you take off tomorrow ? come in , we will have lunch , we can look at it together . kate tomorrow ? it 's just that ... hale shake he head , look down -- pale -- hale kate ... the ring -- where 's the ring ? kate ( fumble ) I , I take it off -- for practice -- it 's in my bag , my skate bag ... hale nod , swallow he displeasure . ' kate try to smile . in the bg , the practice tape finish rewind and start to play again . . cuT to : int . the mansion library -- night transform into competition headquarters . video and computer equipment strewn all over . doug , anton , and a computer technician move aside , ushere kate to the seat directly in front of the monitor . anton ( to the technician ) please to show she ... insert -- the monitor -- full frame -- a sport imaging program -- the technician tap on the keyboard -- and the screen come alive ~- green pixel silhouettes of kate and doug begin move across the ice -- and then explosion as kate 's silhouette leave the ice in slow-motion high into the air -- around ... and around ... and around and into the arm of doug 's silhouette -- kate sit back from the computer . stare at they all . doug I think we have call it a pamchenko , but Anton 's not into it , so it 's a slingshot triple . anton Key be centrifigal explosion of body from outside pick -- be very exciting , yes ? cut edge of man and machine ? NY 67 kate look pale . she stare at they . they be not kid . kate ( betrayed ) . this be what you have be do ? ( the man stare ) no one do a three and half ! nobody even think about it ! doug that 's the whole point . kate , this could be unreal -- you outside edge , my strength -~- kate -- and I be the one who fall ! doug .. I will be right there . kate ! ( to Anton ) my God , the national be two week away ! anton ( a sly smile ) maybe be not for national . '' kate maybe be not for I ! . cuT to : int . the private rink -~- day music playing through the dome . anton choreograph , skate beside kate and doug , urging they on , as they practice a balletic move in the progran . wipe to : the ice -- different day music again . kate and doug skate . anton trail then , bark out correction as they go . there 's a impatience to this -- time be run out . CUT to : int . doug 's bedroom -- night a suitcase on the bed . doug , alone , pack . he fold in a pair of pants . stop . move to the window . stands there . doug's Pov -- the mansion in the distance . a light shine from kate 's bedroom . CUT to : NY int . kate 's bedroom -- same time four suitcase on the bed . kate at she window . kate 's Pov -- Doug 's cottage in the distance . CUT to : ext . colorado spring -- night EST . shot -- a building . snow fall . light on inside . UNITED states figure skating association headquarters CUT to : int . a office -- same time start on -- a desk nameplate : =: vv : director usfsa as we hear : voice ( over ) ... unorthodox be not the word ! it 's a outrage ! a affront to every - hardwork amateur skater in this organization ! gerald thuman , 50 , distinguished , stare across he desk at rick tuttle . two other skating official look on . , thuman but , Rick .... kate 's a former olympian , the rule may not be -= tuttle . -- when the Jack moseley 's of this world be able to bring in Russian , mercenary coaches , put skater on , and twist the language of gur bylaw to sneak a team into national competition , then I say maybe the system need some look into ! official # 1 , a bearded man glance at tuttle before -- official # 1 Rick may have a point here , Gerald . thuman look nervously around the table . cuT to : ext . the mansion -- day a limousine be park out front . kate , doug , and hale be stand by the front door , bag stack all around thea . kate where 's the make - up case ? 69 hale be n’/t it here ? o kate no , hale -- it 's not here ! hale I ... I do not know -- kate Fine ! 1/11 do everything myself ! she storm back into the house . hale stare after she . doug watch all this with a air of detach amusement . hale she 's very tense . ( Doug nod ) it 's understandable . the pressure be enormous . ( Doug nod again ) her drive for perfection , it 's something I have come to admire . ( he hesitates , measure Doug before - - ) you seem to have master a sort of , I do not know , a technique for @ handle she , I wonder if ... . ' ( this be difficult ) «- . it 's just that , if this be a business situation , for example , and I know that my dividend be shrink and my asset be , let 's say , undervalue , and my market strategy be crater despite my best effort , I have probably think about bring on a consultant of some kind . you know , shake up my think . New perspective . doug I have suggest a more aggressive , take - charge approach . hale you mean , stand up to she ? doug I have try make it to my knee first , but that 's the right idea . kate ( 0s ) hale ! I be in no mood to search '' this house ! hale maybe I should start small and -- kate ( 0s ) hale ? 2 doug small may not cut it . hale timing be so important . doug yeah , timing 's a bitch . kate ( 0s ) hale ! !!! hale come ! hale shoot doug a sheepish look as he rush inside . ccut to : _ ext . superdome -- new orlean -=- day a banner read : U.S. national skating championship CUT to : int . superdome hallway -- day kate and anton walk a corridor . the arena be open for practice . skater , coach , official milling around , as kate and anton arrive at the usfsa reception desk . a woman behind the desk , look up , see they and pale . woman ( very nervous ) kate moseley ? kate yes . woman do not ? -- have not ? -- have not you be to the hotel ? . anton we come straight here . down the hall doug stop at the runway , stare into the arena . thirty thousand empty seat . doug swallow . the enormity of the situation dawn on he as he look out onto the ice he 'il be skate on . he turn to see -- o kate , as mad as we have ever see she , storming back up the hall toward he . doug what 's go on ? ( no answer ) kate , what 's the matter ? kate they will not let we skate ! CUT to : int . a HOTEL conference room -- night jack and six new york lawyer be seat across from thuman , tuttle , and several usfsa official . the mood be tense . thuman : ..- Rick 's raise some serious v4 allegation about Dorsey 's amateur status . I know you have fly you people down , Jack , but I be doubtful we can clarify this in the next ten hour . ' the head lawyer be about speak , when jack wave he off -- jack there be not a skater . in this hotel who do not have a blind trust , club sponsor , or -- tuttle -- that 's absurd ! jack since Mr. tuttle seem incredulous , I think we owe he the courtesy of enlightenment , and to make it easy , I suggest we start by explore the unique " scholarship " arrangement he skater receive at the University where he so nobly act as a tenure professor of ... ( draw a blank ) what be it exactly , Rick that you be a professor of ? tuttle this be outrageous ! jack my feeling exactly . thuman -- gentlemen , please ! jack let 's cut to the cherry , Gerald . you cheat my kid out of they chance to skate and I 'il bury you butt so deep in legal compost it 's 1ll take a fuck millenium to dig you way out . be that clear enough ? CUT to : int . superdome -- day no crowd . on the ice , four payr , in warm up , practice . coach , judge , and other skater cluster in group . . tuttle be huddle with he two skater : brian newman , kate 's old partner , and lorie paulsen , young , dark , and very cute . anton ( over ) Ice be good ? tuttle stiffen , turn , he eye narrowing on -- anton smile , as kate and doug pass through the runway . CUT to : int . superdome -- later practice . kate and doug on the ice . she 's lead he slowly . skater all around they . doug look tentative . kate nervous ? - doug I ? -- be you kid ? a pair skate past -- doug , have trouble see , pick they up almost too late . kate pull he back . kate do not worry , it 's a head game . two . skater come speed past -- doug flinch . kate yumez and weaver . they cry on command . another pair -- twins -~- almost identical , come twirling by ; huge idiotic smile plaster across they face . kate the weiderman twin . do not get too close , you will go into sugar shock . a third pair stop with a flourish nearby . / 73 kate spindler and nyman . he 's good , but she have one more doughnut and he ’1ll never get she off the ice . spindler , the male partner , look over . spindler ( very gay ) well , kate , surprise surprise ... kate hello , Gary . spindler ( eyeing Doug ) no wonder you have be keep he to yourself . doug stare , very uncomfortable . spindler wink before nyman , he hefty female partner pull he away . doug Jesus ... kate you 'il get use to it . doug look unsure . they pick up the pace a little , still just get loose . doug 's eye draw away toward -- brian and lorie paulsen on the ice , nearby . brian lift she and out into a finish move . , : doug ( qver ) who 's that ? kate bristle , nudging he away . kate Brian Newman , my old partner . doug ( still look ) and paulsen , right ? -- lorie paulsen . kate look at he , surprised . doug smile . doug hey , just try to keep up . CUT to : int . men 's locker room a tight space . a dozen male skater change , shower . spindler and brian in the midst of a catty conversation : '' '' 1 a spindler I say , honey , if you think this be a workout , you have get 'a lot to learn . brian he can be such a Queen . doug , stripped to he underwear , stand nearby listen , tear through he locker as fast as he can . spindler give I a set of eyelash like that and I have get away with murder too . doug , in he haste , pull too hard and the content of h:s locker come suddenly spilling out onto the floor . brian and spindler turn . doug , look very uncomfortable , grab he jeans , and then stand to see they both eyeing n:5 . doug what ? ( spindler and Brian exchange a coy glance ) what be you look at ? . spindler : relax , honey . no one 's gonna steal you sock . doug , undone , turn away , yanking on he jeans . CUT to : int . arena entrance -- day anton seat , make note , look up to see doug rush c!!. anton Douglas ! ( Doug stop , Anton walk over ) katya be ready ? doug I be go ahead . anton ( sense trouble ) something be wrong ? doug look , I 'il see you back at the hotel , okay ? anton competition be so frightening ? ue doug hey , it 's not the skate . ( Anton wait ) look , man , I have get a reputation to preserve . I have gotta live with myself . ( he shake he head ) I should have know this be gonna be the story . anton what story ? what be problem ? doug I have be in a lot of locker room in my life and I have never , I mean , never , see anything like that . ( a beat ) half that guy be wear make - up for chissake ! anton stare . the message come through loud and clear . anton be this a problem ? doug is.this a problem ? you think I want everyone go around say I be some kind of faggot ? doug be angry . anton 's eye narrow . _ doug I should have know this would happen ! you should have know . Christ , you have be in this racket for year , how the hell can you stand it ? anton be simple . I be faggot . doug stare , ashen . anton 's expression unyield . anton be true . Anton be homosexual . doug «-- but you daughter ? anton she be not gay . doug that 's not what I mean ! and what about Judy ? Judy who 's call all the time ? 76 . anton a friend . her brother and I be once lover . doug C ’mon -=- you be marry ! you have kid ! -- ( back away ) oh man ... we have be share that house for over a year ! you ... you should have tell I -- I have every right to know ! anton why ? you be gay too ? doug no! anton then where be problem ? doug you could be try to convert I ! anton be you try to be sleep with with every woman you meet ? ( a beat ) . be bad question . not everyone be so hungry . doug stand there , rock . anton 's expression darken . . : anton I be sorry for disappointment . we catch up later . you will excuse I . anton turn sharply and stride away . CUT to : int . doug 's HOTEL room -- day doug , alone in bed , stare at the ceiling . fitful , think . finally , he stand . cuT to : int . HOTEL hallway " poug head away from he room , round a corner to -~ a elevator bank -- lorie paulsen stand there . she look ever . just the two of they . she smile . very friendly . lorie go down ? doug you talk I into it . ( he pause ) so , what would you think of the ice ? lorie cold , flat and hard -- just like always . she smile , watch he . doug a little off stride , as the empty elevator open . he hold the door . lorie ( as she step in ) just make small talk , or be you one of this monomaniacal skate-junky ? she 's get he attention . doug shake he head , follow she into the elevator as the door close wipe to : the elevator door open . Inside , doug and lorie laugh so hard they fail to notice they have arrive at the lobby . doug look up -- kate and hale stand there . kate venomously note the scene . lorie slip past , flash a smile at kate . lorie ( to Doug ) see you around , : doug yeah . lorie disappear into the lobby . hale hold the door . kate ( icily ) I think you be napping . doug I could not sleep . kate Anton go for the draw . doug I / 11 wait down here . hale usher kate onto the elevator . she glare at doug as the door close '. cuT to : int . kate 's HOTEL room -= day kate tear furiously around the room . hale watch . kate flirt around with that little slut ! my God , he have the self control of a rabbit ! hale kate , c’mon , it 's no big deal . kate ? have you lose you mind ? { hale wince ) God know what he 's tell that little little tramp ! hale come closer , begin massage she shoulder . kate so tense - up that he overture do not register at first . kate I bet Brian put she up to it ! hale work he arm around she more amorously . kate he 's a animal ! two minute with that tart and he 's in heat ! ( note hale 's advance ) what be you do ? hale take you mind off it . kate ( pull away ) 2 hale '' kate -- kate ( wildly ) -- he 's suppose to be in he room ! he 's suppose to be sleep ! -- hale -> kate -- kate ( right over he ) -- he 's suppose to be alone and rest and instead he 's downstairs , or God know where , grop around with the biggest slut on the circuit ! 73 vy you be nut ! hale -- kate ! ( she stop ) it 's a hotel for cry out loud ! they be two people get off a elevator ! it 's hardly what I have call a crisis . she 's go too far . and she know it . hale stare at she , look for something and not find it . hale this do not have anything to do with skate , do it ? kate what do you mean ? hale you be fall for he . kate what ? hale you be . ( as if it just hit he ) you be fall for he . kate that 's crazy . * hale how far have it go ? kate hale be I ? -~ how far have it go ? kate you see how we act together . hale I ' sure do . kate we have never get along ! we be always fight ! hale foreplay . 30 int . HOTEL lobby -- day doug sit read a newspaper . he look up to see -- ) hale huffing through the lobby , carry he suitcase . this be aman in a hurry . he 's leave . for good . CUT to : ext . new orlean hilton -- night a limousine park out front . inside the limo anton and doug wait in silence . tense silence , until : doug apologize be like one of the worst thing I do . I guess I never really pick it up . anton turn . doug , tight , hesitates . doug . what happen before ... back at the dome ... I want to tell you I be sorry . I make a ass of myself . anton . e@ as apology go , that be acceptable . doug ' I do not want to get too good at it . anton life be not so simple , eh ? pdoug I guess not . a pause -- the moment break as the door open and kate barrel into the car . anton and doug stare at she , look for sign of breakage . kate ( definitively ) I do not want to talk about it . the limo pull out . kate , sense anton 's eye still on she , wheel around , note he concerned expression -- kate you want to worry about something ? worry about ramjet the rookie here ! nt anton glance over at doug . bi anton you be okay ? doug Fine . no problem . never better . CUT to : ext . superdome -- night the parking lot jamme . crowd pour into the building . CUT to : int . espn sport booth two announcers -- jojo and . scott -- talk to the cameras . jojo so here we be , Scott , night number four of the national , the start of the pair competition . scotrt the country 's twelve best couple be in the building tonight and ... ( continue as we --) CUT to : int . men 's locker room ~-- same time skater suite up silently . doug off in the corner as -- scott ( qver ) «..only two of this couple be go to make the U.S. National team and go on to the Olympic . CUT to : int . _ lady 's locker room -- same time and if you think the man 's dress room be tense ... jojo ( qver ) tonight we be see the short program , that be , the two and a half minute routine of require move ... kate at the mirror , eye wander in the reflection to find ~- lorie paulsen at a mirror across the room smile back . : jojo ( qver ) this skater have draw for position and the pair with the high score after tonight will be seed for tomorrow night 's long progran . CUT to : a2 int . the superdome the place pack . music playing -- rachmaninoff -- as one of the twelve payr skate they short program . just a moment of this -- they turn , and a camel sit spin and -- wipe to : a glenn miller classic -- another pair -- into a lift and turn and they falter and she fall and -- wipe to : a sousa MARCH playing -- spindler and nyman skate -- not bad , but he 's struggle a little to lift she and -- in the runway kate and doug dress in simple , elegant , flatter costume . they be on next . doug stand very stiffly . his eye look unfocus . kate watch he . kate you look nervous . ( no response ) you look really ' nervous . doug , stonenface , say nothing . kate move closer . kate how nervous be you ? ( Doug can not talk ) ? a moment , and then suddenly -- doug dash off -- sprinting several yard down the runway -- he stop -- lean under a scaffold of bleacher get sick , as the sousa MARCH crash to it 's rouse conclusion and the crowd cheer . kate be aghast . she look around . several skating monitor be stare at 's doug as he walk back gingerly . kate what _is wrong with you ? doug ( weakly ) I always get tight before a game . kate stare .at he . he 's hyperventilate . doug let 's put it this way , when I play hockey I use to have two helmet , the one I have use during the game and the one I have use before . kate why_has not this come up before ? doug bad choice of word . in the bg , spindler and nyman come fly off the ice . kate ( incredulous ) . I do not believe this ! ( Doug cringe as - - ) " oh , I be fine . " " never better . " " no problem . " '' do not sweat it . " doug look woozy again . kate be desperate . more people stand around begin to take notice . she grab hin . kate look at I ! look in my eye . ( she slap he ) smile ! doug try a shaky smile . kate grab he ear , practically pull it off -- doug howl -- kate : concentrate on my forehead ! ( yanking he ear ) look at I ! -- smile ! -- bigger ! breathe. ~ ( she punch he ) breathe ! ( he do , kate recoil - -) ugh ! -- just do not breathe on I . in the bg , the crowd react to the spindler - nyman score . doug look , it go away -- the worst I ever be , I go out and score six goal in the first two period . announcer ( qver ) ( booming through the building ) katherine moseley and doug dorsey . kate what be you say , as soon as we get . out there you be gonna be fine ? doug it always just take I about ten minute to relax . 33 kate we program be two and half minute ! doug force a smile . take she hand . doug so eight minute after we be do I will be fine . wipe to : CENTER ice kate and doug first position . music swell -=- something explosive and bold -- and they begin to skate . and we have never really see they in action , and we be not go to «atch much of this , but what we do see be impressive before -- the camera swing to find -- anton -- watch from the sideline nervously . the judge -- scoring , face impossible to read . jack -- in the stand , beam . they must be do good . CUT to : int . espn sport booth . jojo and scott wrapping up the night . scott what a night for skate ! jojo and the headline in New Orleans tonight be kate mosely return to the national with a new partner , ex-hockey player Doug Dorsey . scotr _I /11 admit it , jojo , when I hear about this couple I think they have to be kid , but Doug Dorsey -- wow ! I guess you have have to say he 's the bo Jackson of the skate world . there 's a lot of shocked people in this town tonight . oe . CUT to : int . HOTEL corridor -- night . doug , anton and kate exite the elevator , skate bag over they shoulder . they 're laughing , bask in the moment of victory , wander up the hallway as we hear over : jojo ( over ) Brian neuman and lorie paulsen , no surprise there , take the number one spot . John and jody weiderman skate a very safe but proficient number two and kate mosely and Doug Dorsey come out of nowhere to grab the three spot . amid " goodnight , " anton break off -- he room in the next wing . kate and doug continue on , still laugh as : scott ( over ) but three into to two will not go , and two couple be all the U.S. will be send to the Olympic this year . jojo ( over ) tomorrow afternoon 's long program should be very exciting . v.o. fade out -- kate slow as they near she room . ' kate .. if they be give french fries instead of trophy , then you have see she air it out . doug laugh . kate stop at she door . kate see you tomorrow ? ; * pouc I might be free . kate shake she head , find she key . doug back away . doug hey , kate ... ( she turn ) thanks for get I through it . kate blink . doug turn , walk away . she watch he go . dissolve to : ext . the HOTEL entrance -- morning group of skater , coach and family gather outside wait for-transportation . doug stand alone to one side . voice good morning . he turn -- lorie paulsen behind he . doug smile . 36 doug hey . lorie what , be you do tonight ? doug I have not think about it . lorie why do not we meet after . ( she smile ) we can compare bruise . on that , lorie turn and walk away . doug watch she go . CUT to : close - up -- superdome scoreboard lap dissolve a series of score <= one to the next on the board , indicate the first three group have skate . CUT to : int . arena ice the last four payr warming up on the ice . the weiderman twins . spindler and nyman . finally to -- kate and doug -- take it easy as brian and lorie come whipping past . kate turn , eye boring a hole through lorie , as a loud buzzer echoe through the building . . announcer CUT to : int . the superdome angle the ice -- nothing for a moment -- just music , the final chorus of something good and ballsy -- and then suddenly kate and doug heave into frame -- and now we 're right with they -- the camera sweeping along , no one 's ever shot ice skate like this before -- hand in hand , they speed across the ice -- the music peaking -- a arabesque -- look real good -- into a lasso lift throw -- swoop to a blister stop -- the routine be over -- the crowd explode and -- . CUT to : the runway kate , doug , and anton stare at the scoreboard as -- announcer ( over ) 5.7 , 5.7 , 5.9 , 5.9 , 5.8 , 5.7 , 5.7 , 5.8. kate stiffen . doug squint . anton look displease . 87 CUT to : int . espn booth -- same time jojo and scott broadcasting . jojo it 's hard to explain sometimes to people outside the sport , but scoring can really reflect more than what 's happen out on the ice . scott the judge have they favorite , and this evening I be not sure if kate and Doug fall into that category . jojo " I think that be a super program , but with the top two seed pair still to skate , it look like kate and Doug be head for third place . CUT to : int . hallway outside the lockeroom doug and kate alone . he 's raging -- storming around the hallway , absolutely furious . kate look ready to ery . doug -- this be horseshit ! what kind of crap be they try to pull ? -- we skate we ass off out there ! kate bite she lip , watch he rail around the hallway . doug ( wildly ) : i ! -- I mean , be I crazy or do we just nail that goddamn program to the wall ? he 's scare she , she 's never see he like this . several passersby glance over nervously . kate Doug , please ... it 's not over yet . doug ( turn on she ) bullshit ! -- we could have raise the roof off this building and they would not have place we ! 83 ' the ice -- later brian and lorie skate to bizet 's carmen . they look good . a big move -- they be really sell it and -- a wipe to : the scoreboard . flash number -- 5.9 , 5.9 , 6.0 , 5.8 , 5.9 , 5.9 , 5.8. wipe to : the ice -- later polka music fill the arena -- and here come the weiderman twins , replete with leiderhosen and surreal smile . Fancy toe - work across the ice -- and then he lift she and they turn and -- she fall -- bad -- real bad -- the crowd gasp -- cur to : int . hallway outside the locker room kate brush at tear . doug silently steaming , as the SOUND of the crowd 's gasp overwhelm the polka music . kate look up to see -- anton sprinting from the runway , rush toward they -- kate Doug ... doug ( turn ) what ? anton we gid it ! other skater and coach look : on as anton pull kate and doug into a ecstatic embrace . kate transformed instantly , bounce around -- doug howling -- kate yelling -- as they celebrate , a skating official move toward they . official Excuse I ? -- Excuse I ? ( they turn , all smile ) we need to see the skater alone . cuT to : int . a backstage arena bathroom a sign reading -- usfsa drug testing program hang from the wall . kate , hold a empty plastic cup , stare balefully at a woman official . woman you will have to give I something . kate I guess I be just sort of work up . the woman move to a cooler . open it . kate look in . woman I have Coke , sprite , gatorade ... kate be that a beer in there ? the woman pull a budweiser , hand it over . kate pop the top , brace , and take a sip . she smile . she like it . : CUT to : CENTER ice Award ceremony . triumphant music boom through the arena as the top three pair wave to the crowd . brian and lorie stand on the top step . kate and doug right below in second . the weiderman twins , look grim , in third . doug look stunne . kate be beam , blow kiss to the house . the crowd roaring . she turn for a different angle , and lose she foot -- almost slip off the platform . doug ( catch she ) you all right ? kate I be wonderful ! ( she 's tipsy ) and you be wonderful too ! . doug can not believe what he 's just hear . CUT to : int . arena PRESS room -- later thirty reporter crowded in this tight space . kate and doug beside brian and lorie at a table answer question . reporter # 1 Doug , what 's the difference between this and hockey ? doug the woman . the reporter roar . kate sneak a sip from another beer . . reporter # 2 kate , what 's it like skate with this guy ? 90 _ kate Doug ? Doug be the best . he 's just the best ! . doug look over . she 's not tipsy , she 's drunk . Beyond she , lorie be watch , measure doug 's reaction . CUT to : int . hallway outside the dressing room a crush of people : well - wisher , reporter , skater , coach , etc . Flowers everywhere . jack and anton splipping through the crowd , pass rick tuttle give a interview . jack stop , tap the reporter on the shoulder . he turn -- tuttle ( weakly ) Jack , Anton , congratulation . jack ( to the reporter ) this shark ever try to deke I again , I will give you a ' story you 'a kill for . tuttle pale . jack and anton press on . CUT to : the far end of the hallway -~- same time away from the crowd , kate and doug alone in street clothes . _ doug we can not just run out . kate of course we can ! come on ... doug , unsure , glance back up the hallway to see lorie and brian surround by a crowd of well wisher . kate ( grab he hand ) it 's we night . we can do whatever we want ! doug ( confuse ) what 's go on here ? I mean -- kate -- I think you be the one who want to cut loose ... ( she smile ) you be come with I and that 's all there be to it . xy 91 : CUT to : ext . new orlean -- night light shimmer in the moonlight . music up -- we be go into a montage here , a series of quick shot . -- a cab stop in the heart of the french Quarter . kate jump out , ready to party . doug struggle to catch up . -- a club on bourbon ST . pack and hopping . kate at the crowded bar , wave wildly for the bartender . doug stand behind she , look off-stride . -- club # 2 . wilder still . a zydeco band on stage , patron dancing and drinking . kate and doug at a table . she finish the final sip of some tropical concoction . doug nursing a beer . kate look up , flag a pass waitress . the waitress signal for another round . doug try to wave she off , but too late . ~-- club # 3 . this place be really rock . a blue band on stage . the crowd go nut . doug watch kate with disbelief -- she 's get she hair down , sweater off , chugge on yet another cocktail . suddenly , she turn , take he hand and before he know what 's happen she 's lead he out onto the crowded dance floor . she 's a wild woman . doug can not resist any longer -- they be dance . dissolve . to : int . HOTEL elevator bank end music and montage . the elevator door swing OPEN to reveal -- kate wrap around doug in a empassion embrace . at least it 's passionate from she standpoint , doug yuit away -- catch he breath . '' doug we be here . kate look up . . she 's bomb . doug lead she out . CUT to : the door to kate 's HOTEL room -- moment later doug turn the key , open the door , and stand aside . doug go on . kate , lean on he , look up , focus . kate be not you join I ? doug kate ... 92 kate ( sing -song blither ) ... of course you be , you be , you be ... she take he hand , stumbling forward , pull he into -- her HOTEL room doug extract he hand . kate turn clumsily . kate be not you go to ask I the dance ? doug I do not think so . kate : oh , Doug ... Douglas , silly thing , please , please do not talk about think . that 's what I love about the way I feel right now . I feel — like even if I try I could not think and I have be think so much for so long and it 's sooococoe tiring ... ( she giggle ) ... the world be spin and spin and spin and I could not care less ... doug stand there . kate begin to unbutton she blouse . kate . -+-i / m look at you and I be see how you must have be as a little boy ... ( eye weaving ) .-. hockey shirt hang out . bandaid on you knee ... her finger fumble with the button . she 's really go . kate do you ever play with magnet when you be little ? -- of course you do , everyone do . you know how you have turn they one way and they have push away ? you have run they around the table , push then , and then all you have to do be just flip they over and suddenly ... ( she smile ) ... do not you see , that 's why everything 's be so awful ... ( the last button ) ..- we just need a little flip . 93 doug not tonight , kate . not like this . she stand there . her expression darken . kate not like what ? not like I ? doug that 's not it . kate , you be bomb . kate ( try to focus ) what be you talk about ? doug you ought to sit down . drink a lot of water . try and get some -- kate ( explode ) oh God , just what I need -- somebody else tell I what to do ! ( she step back , nearly fall ) in case . you miss it , I be throw myself at you ! ( pull she blouse around she ) I be stand here tear off ny clothes and you be give I a rundown of drink do 's and do not 's ! - doug I think maybe I know a little bit more about it than you . kate I get enough coach on the ice ! doug stiffen . he stand there , lose for a moment . kate get out . doug you have get this all wrong . kate do I ever ! ( bitterly ) Excuse my surprise , but really ... how disappoint -- God 's gift to reckless abandon reveal as nothing but a prude in wolf 's clothing ! '' doug what the hell do that mean ? kate it mean I be sick to death of you hormone - rattling sermon about the rapture of free-spirite behavior ! she 's woosy , barely able to get this out and stay stand . doug color , stiffly try to contain he anger . doug you be a lousy drunk . kate and you be a lousy date . doug it do not have to be like this . kate I say : get out . doug turn , walk quickly back through the door -- and he 's go . kate drop onto the bed . CUT to : int . doug 's HOTEL room -- later four empty mini - bar bottle of vodka be line up in a row . doug , shirt off , sit in the half darkness , stare out tne window . he 's drink , put on the buzz he refrain {rss all night . he 's move past the stage of try to make sense of the past twenty - four hour , now just drink to put himself to sleep . a knock at the door . doug come to . . he shake he head , cross the room . doug ( open the door ) kate , I really -- lorie paulsen stand there , dress to kill , hold severa : bouquet of flower . she peek inside . lorie you alone ? . ( Doug stand there , . speechless ) you like rose ? doug make no move to take they . lorie slide in past nia . shutting the door behind she . lorie that 's one thing about skate , the fuck flower can drive you crazy . ; doug lorie , listen ... she slink into the room , look it over . lorie 's I wait for you . I guess we get we wire cross . doug yeah . I guess . lorie ( look for a place for the rose ) must be nice for kate , skate with a man who do not keep a vase around . lorie turn . she look incredible . lorie I watch you program . you have get a great sit spin . ( she smile ) I think maybe we could trade secret . dissolve to : ext . new orlean hilton -- dawn the sun just crest the horizon . curt to : int . kate 's HOTEL room ~~ ' dawn kate asleep on the bed , fully clothed , just as we leave she . she rustle . her eye blink open painfully . and then , the sledgehammer throb of she first , epic , hangover . she groan . and then she expression dissolves from pain to panic , as the previous night 's event begin to leak back in . int . HOTEL hallway -- dawn CUT to : kate stand weakly before at a HOTEL room door . she steady herself , battle the pound agony of she hangover . make a half - heart effort to pull herself together , worry she hair , rub she eye , try she injure best to look she presentable . she summon a smile , and knock on the door . a pause . and then the door open . lorie paulsen , hold only a pillow over she naked body , stand in the doorway . kate I ... I must have the wrong roon . lorie yes . I have say so . kate start to back away . lorie stand there , when -- doug 's voice ( groggily , from inside ) what the hell 's go on ? kate freeze . lorie ( to kate ) a little early for practice , be not it ? doug , in the bg , pull a sheet around he , come for the door -- no idea what 's happen -- move sleepily behind lorie -- and then he jaw drop -- he eye meet kate 's . she turn -- bolt down the hallway -- doug oh shit ... doug push past lorie , rush out into the hall , nearly collide with several HOTEL guest exite the next roon . doug -- kate ! wait a minute ...! kate , come on , just -- kate ( wheeling on he ) -- you pig ! you complete , total , unreedemable pig ! ( he stop cold ) how ? -- how could you ? my God , to think I be come to apologize and and all the while you be in there with she ! doug kate , that 's not -- kate . -- do not ! do not even try ! do not you dare say one more word ! ( Doug stand there ) my God , just look at you make I sick ! she turn away . the HOTEL guest look on , shocked . several other door pop open -=- more curious face . doug ( suddenly ) wait one fuck minute ! 96 97 doug charge after she , the sheet flap round he as he grab for she -- kate yank herself free -- kate -- get you hand off I ! kate stride for she door . doug struggle after . doug maybe I miss something along the way , but I do not remember make promise to you about anything . kate ( pure disgust ) -- my God ... doug jump between she and she room . more guest peer out from doorway up and down the hallway . doug one question -- one -- be you , or be you not , engage to be marry until the day before yesterday ? kate " / that be hardly the point ! doug maybe you have rather replay the moment you bounce I out of you room . kate Count you blessing -- she might not have wait much longer . doug that 's not how it happen . kate ' you can spare I the detail ! doug Fine ! -- then let I just hit the highlight : for fifteen month you act like I be a cross between a train dog and you worst nightmare . and then -- in the space of three hour -- I be suppose to be fall at you foot , thanking ny lucky star because you have just get drunk enough to decide I be worthy of you attention . well , excuse I , I be really fuck sorry , but I can not downshift that fast ! : 98 kate pull she key . stare at he grimly . . kate . get out of my way . doug move aside . kate jam she key into the lock . doug that 's all you have to say ? kate no . no , I have one more thing to add : from now on , from this minute until we finally , mercifully , go we separate way , we relationship be strictly business . kate plough into she room . the door slam shut . doug stand there , turn to see a dozen HOTEL guest stare at hin . pouG : what the hell be you look at ? dissolve to : int . the dome -- day kate and doug take off they skate . anton hold a stack of papers . the vibe be deadly . past hostile . they direct all comment to anton : . kate . tell he he snap my hand back on . that salchow one more time it 's ~ go to take a week to count the pick mark up he back . doug tell she , she do not put a little high test into that twist - lift it 's gonna take a month to soak the black and blue outta she landing gear . anton ignore this . pull a bench in front of then . place something on the bench for they inspection . anton deffel and frick . german . insert -- A. photograph -- the first of a series -- we all intercut picture as need with anton 's commentary and kate and doug 's reaction . anton height . power . a triple outside salchow . much injury . oo anton turn the next picture . anton hastings and mulgrew . canadian National champion . Big energy . but sloppy . ( the next ) dubois and gercel . french . triple toe loop . lutz twist . ( the next ) neuman and paulsen ... ( pointedly ) +..we know they work . ( the .next ) greka and turgeyev. Russian . gold medal Calgary . two time world champion . and then three picture in a row . kate , bored until now -- kate shift . : kate who the hell be that ? anton izuto and tenaki . kate never hear of they . anton will be crush news to they I be sure . last night they win nhk championship . one hand lasso lift into double axel throw . forward outside death spiral . triple salchow . triple axel twist . doug whoaa ... kate izuto and tenaki ? anton japanese government enjoy surprise too . they be who we must beat . ( he measure they ) for gold , we must have slingshot triple . we start again tomorrow . doug start put he skate back on . kate what be you do ? 99 doug ( to Anton ) tell she , I have get another hour leave in I . if she 's up to it . CUT to : the ice -- different day kate and doug , both wear pad and helmet , work on the slingshot triple -- kate speed for the launch -- doug turn -- mis-step -- they both fall -- wipe to : the ice -- different day try it again -- kate in the air -- turn -- descend -- fall past doug 's wait arm -- landing on the ice -- wipe to : the ice -- different day and again -- pick up speed -- round the turn -- into he arm -- just miss -- kate landing hard -- anton ( bark from the sideline ) we ! be not power play , Douglas ! and katya , what be bullshit with free leg , eh ? when I say to swing wide , be I speak to myself ? kate and doug glower from the ice . temper tight . : anton Center ice -- again ! jack enter to join anton on the sideline as kate and doug trudge back to center ice in the bg . the two man lean there a moment , watch kate and doug wrangle into position , and then anton turn to jack : anton I need to know , what do we skate for , Jack ? Medal or gold ? jack you mean this new triple ? you be ask I ? anton nod . a beat . jack think a moment . jack : let 's put it like this : in thirt year , can you remember how many second place you win ? 101 anton ( eye on the ice ) I just want to make sure . CUT to : the ice -- different day a close angle -- doug and kate , no pad this time , fly across the ice -- very fast -- hand in hand -- now turn -- into doug 's arm and he lift and she 's up and -- super slo motion as -- kate explode : into the air -- the slingshot triple -- around -- and around -- and she 's lose it -- come down -- too fast -- off balance -- grimace -- and she hit the ice hard -- skid away -- motionless and -- flash CUT : int . kate 's bedroom -=- night silence -- kate bolt upright in bed . it be a dream . CUT to : int . the mansion study -- night kate , in robe and slipper , stare at the empty trophy case . voice kate ? kate start , turn . jack be stand there . kate I come down . I be look at the picture of mother . jack she would have be so proud of you . kate really ? you think she have look at I , at what I be -- you think she have be proud ? kate stare at he . ' jack suddenly uncomfortable . jack you better get back to bed . kate I can not sleep . jack you 'il be better off upstairs . kate it 's funny how you or someone else always know where I 'il be better off . 102 jack what be we talk about , kate ? kate I guess I be just take a moment to marvel at the determination of the people around I . it 's really quite something . everyone have such clear , urgent idea of where and when and how I should be . it 's almost dazzle to be at the center _ of so many intersect agendas . jack you must be very tired . kate stare down at the empty trophy case on Jack 's desk . kate I mean , look at this thing . just sit here , wait ... ( turn to Jack ) what if it just stay empty ? what if there 's nothing to ever put in there ? jack it 's late . we be both tense . ( gently ) if you do not want to go to bed it 's fine by I . no. kate no , I be -go up ... ( she start away ) +-. this little victory can be so exhaust . jack stand there , mouth open , as she leave . cut to : int . doug 's apartment -- night a clock read 3:45 . insert -- the tv -- stride across the good reason -- it 's doug slouched before the tv -- kate and brian skate in competition , ice , and if this look familiar there 's the broadcast of they Calgary disaster . dick ( qver ) here come the triple toe loop ... kate into brian 's arm -- he 's liftng -- too fast -- ' he falter -- too late -- she 's launch -- into the air -- spin -- around and around but -- trouble -- she 's off 203 balance -- come down -- brian watch in horror -- kate fall to the ice as the music crash its final crescendo -- dick ( over ) oh dear ... doug sit there , watch , wonder , as the commentary continue ( qver ) and we -- dissolve to : ext . a mountain chateau -- day . a sprawling estate . snow - cap alps. superimpose : 1292 winter olympics albertville FRANCE CUT to : int . the chateau entryway kate , doug , anton and jack stand there , look around as several maids and valet bring in they luggage . cuT to : ext . albertville -- day various quick shot -- establish the chaos , magnitude and excitement of the Winter Olympic in full swing : skier jumping ... a luge flying down the track ... biathlete racing ... CUT to : int . the albertville arena a gorgeous , new facility . skater , coach , judge and reporter scattered around the ice , watch doug and kate and half a dozen INTERNATIONAL payr practice on the ice -- CUT to : the ice -- later kate and doug out practice with three other payr . kate come out of a turn nearly crash into -- lorie paulsen , skate in with brian out of nowhere . . brian we miss you at the open ceremony . lorie ( to kate ) trouble in paradise ? doug ( wheeling on lorie ) get the fuck away from my partner . head turn . lorie stiffen . brian pull she away . kate ( shocked ) you do not have to do that . doug better late than never . a beat . kate unsure what this mean , about to ask , when something draw she attention off the ice . they both turn -- in the runway -- two yqung asian skater move with a large entourage of handlers and security people toward the ice . doug izuto and tenaki ... izuto and tenaki laugh with they coach , real loose . kate God , they look so young . doug they 'il age a little when they see we slingshot triple . kate - we be not do it . doug turn back . this be news . the buzzer sound . . doug what do you mean ? kate I be take it off the progran . it 's too dangerous . without another word , she skate away . CUT to : int . chateau dine room -- night a baronial table look empty with just kate , doug , anton and jack spread around it . raised voice echo through the chateau 's gothic hallway -- a heat argument in progress : doug -- I have just like to know why I bust my nut for five week on a move she never have any intention of try ! anton -- Douglas -- kate -- will you please remind he the number of possible point reduction we be talk about here ! doug oh bullshit ! -- you do not want to win ! you just want to get through this without dusting you precious ass ! jack whe the hell do you think you be talk to ? doug stuff it , Jack ! this be between we ! jack sit there , stunne . doug turn back to kate . doug bronze , silver , honorable goddamn mention -- it do not really make a aifference to you at all , do it ? you be a rich girl -- so what if you come up a little short , right ? anton . Douglas -- stop ! silence . doug stand , stare at she across the table . doug just so you know : I be work without anet here . lose gracefully do shit for I ! kate , staggered , sit back , say nothing . jack it 's up to she . she do not want to do it -- it 's out ! doug turn to anton . no help here . doug walk . CUT to : ext . albertville -- day Sun glisten on the mountain . olympic music swell and continue as . we -- cur to : a series of tight close - ups skate be lace up , cover be pull tight : purple skate -- GREEN skate -- pink skate -- white -- red -- 106 finally to -- black skate -- doug lace up in the menus locker room . CUT to : the ladie 's locker room buzz with tension . kate do everything she can not to look over at lorie . . CUT to : int . albertville arena a pack house . synthesized pop -rock blaring . the crowd watch hasting and mulgrew conclude they short program . in the runway -- doug and kate wait to go on next . doug , in familar , pre-skate pallor , finger he tunic . kate ( note he shirt ) you forget a button . doug no , I want it like that . in the bg , hasting and mulgrew come off the ice . , _ kate it look like shit . doug kate , please ... lighten up . kate ( instigate ) it 's mean to be buttone . doug it pull at my neck . kate then you should have mention it three week ago . a french olympic official lean in , ushere they forward -- official prenez la piste ... the crowd react to the previous score as kate and doug pull off skate - guard , start down the runway and -- onto the ice 107 skate cam close - up -- as they take several wide warm - up. turn . two big smile , freeze in place , . belie whisper . barb through clench tooth that only we can hear : kate I be ask you for the last time . ( Doug ignore she ) button the goddamn button . doug get over it . kate you be a immature asshole of the lowest order . that 's it . doug snap . his grip tightening at she waist . doug ( still smile ) if it be forty below and that button mean the difference between a long , satisfy life and a horrible death by hypothermia , I still would not give you the fuck satisfaction . the buzzer goe off =~ it 's showtime . . CUT to : network feed -- full frame music playing as kate and doug move through the final pass _of ' they short program -- skate well but mechanically -- the anger , the distance between 's they be visible -- into a double split lutz twist lift -- kate in the air -- and down and doug hover over she at center ice as the music crash it 's finish . they stand , bow stiffly to the applause , before skate for the runway . peggy and dick -- the two network announcers , break in . dick technically superior program , Peggy , but do you feel , as I do , that there be something miss ? ' peggy absolutely , Dick . they deliver all the short program require move but it seem cold -- more like we be watch two individual athlete than a fluid pair . they just do not look like they be have fun out there . dick and here come the score -- 108 CUT to : a network interview area just off the runway . dorothy hamill hold a microphone to kate and doug as they tensely watch the score above , we see they on the network graphic . announcer ( over ) L ' nombre des point technicale : 5.9 , 5.8 , 5.8 , 5.7 , 5.9 , 5.8 , 5.7 , 5.8. ( a beat} l’nombre des point artistique : 5.6 , 5.7 , 5.8 , 5.6 , 5.7 , 5.6 , 5.6 , 5.7. stiff smile harden . dorothy lean in with the mike . dorothy kate , it look like you two be have trouble connect out there . ( she wait , kate be silent ) do you feel like you energy might have be a little down ? a awkward moment . kate can not find she tongue . dorothy ( still probing kate ) be the altitude a problem ? kate hesitates , too tight to talk . doug jump in -- pous / the ice be lousy . we be off we game . well be back tomorrow -- okay ? dorothy , throw , stare over as doug pull kate out of frame . cut to : the ice -~ later a - prokofiev classic booming through the house . izuto and tenaki skate -- a little clinical , but look real good , two young phenom tear through they program . - CUT to : int . arena backstage corridor kate , in street clothes , stand there lifelessly . anton , furious , stare over as doug , carry he skate bag , look very sour , stride toward then . anton ( disgust ) what a long way to be come for such garbage skate . 109 doug ( in no mood ) look , I 'il see you later . i. gotta walk it off . anton no. absolutely no . we go back . doug I say , I be go for a walk . anton step forward , just about to really get into it when -- kate let he go ! ( they turn ) if he 's smart , he will walk all the way back to Minnesota and forget this ever happen ! ( she look wild ) he do not screw up out there . he come to skate ~- just like he always do -- to skate and win and try to make something out of all this crap . ( tear welling ) it 's my fault . me. I be the one who screw it up . anton ( move for she ) katya , please ... kate stop ! do not - you dare try and baby I . I be the one whd 's . responsible and I deserve to feel exactly as lousy as I do right now ! ( stare at Doug ) I be sorry . I be very , very sorry . and now , before she start to sob , she turn -- run as fast as she can away down the hall . anton follow -- anton katya ! -- katya , wait ! doug , staggered , stand there , watch they disappear , digest what 's just occure . finally , he take a deep breath , muscle he skate bag over he shoulder , turn , and start walk in the opposite direction -- CUT to : ext . albertville olympic village -- night doug wander alone through the crowd . 119 CUT to : int . a practice rink -- night the U.S. hockey team scrimmaging in this otherwise empty facility . doug linger in the shadow , watch . voice ( 0s ) can I help you ? doug turn . a assistant coach stand there . asst . coach if you be not part of the program , I ’m.gonna have to ask you to leave . doug nod . walk off . CUT to : ext . the chateau terrace -- night kate stand alone , stare out at the mountain . anton come out through the door . cross to she . put a coat over she shoulder . they stand there . kate ( almost to herself ) we come around that far turn and we be pick up speed and we be go so fast and I keep tell myself I should be concentrate on my free leg and my grip , but all I can think about be how much I do not trust he . and then , the moment I be in the air , all I can think about be how much I do not trust myself . 's anton ( gently ) katya , slingshot be out . be do . we will skate New Orleans program . and 's it will be wonderful . . kate say nothing . they stare out into the distance . anton I have decide this be the most beautiful mountain I have ever see . kate I be retire after tomorrow . for real . anton be not unexpected news . liz kate he will find another partner . he 's good enough . anton he will find no one like you . no matter what he do . kate ponder this . a long pause . kate think he ’1ll be back tonight ? anton he all make it . ( she glance over , ' Anton smile ) I trust hin . kate nod . pull the coat more tightly around she . : CUT to : int . olympic restaurant -- night doug , alone , wolf down the last of he dinner . alone in the crowd . he look up to see a couple at the next table , - lock in a passionate kiss . he drain he beer . stands . CUT to : int . the chateau -- night doug enter . he drop he bag . the house be dark , quiet . he listen . and then wearily start to climb the stair . CUT to : int . kate 's chateau bedroom -- night kate , she Chicago blackhawks jersey bundle around she , sit awake in bed . CUT to : ' int . ' doug 's chateau bedroom -- night doug can not sleep either . in a chair , stare out the window . dissolve to : doug 's bedroom -- morning sudden sunlight as anton pull the curtain . doug asleep in the chair , rustle , eye open slowly : : doug «.- oh man ... what time be it ? anton ' noon . TI let you sleep . doug ( spring up ) noon ? -- Jesus , Anton , they be start at one ! anton you miss the draw . we skate last . we have time . doug where 's kate ? -- how be she ? . anton she 's fine . she and Jack leave early . ( all business ) you wash up . we go together . - CUT to : int . the albertville arena -- later stand room only crowd . tension you can taste . the voice of peggy and dick break over the picture : dick ( qver ) here they be , the final four pair be warming up .* on the ice -- lorie - brian , turgeyev -greka , izuto - tenaki . peggy ( over ) . we have see some lovely skate so far this afternoon , but I think it 's pretty safe to say that we medalist be all out on the ice right now . finally to -- kate and doug skate through a lift section , practice silently . skate on eggshell . dick ( qver ) yes , this be the cream . and in the next half hour , we will be watch ' one of this pair rise to the top . the buzzer sound -- the skater wrap up the practice . CUT to : the ice -- later shostakovitch booming . turgeyev and greka on the ice -- dick ( over ) ...a little sloppy on that arabesque ... and here come the double axel ... greka leave the ice -- turgeyev lift she -- she arch , turgeyev 's arm falter just slightly and -- 113 '' CUT to : the corridor just off the runway -- same time doug breathe . kate stretch . nobody talk , as the shostakovitch crescendo to a close . the crowd applauding . CUT to : int . network trailer -- later fifteen tv monitor go -- all various angle of brian and lorie skate to '' anything goe " as a tv crew of EIGHT people , cramme into this tight . space , work and chatter -- director ( call shot ) okay ... camera three -- get a little wider , Eddie -- wider ! ( continue as - - ) on the monitor -- brian and lorie skate some fancy toe-work , side - by-side , and into a death spiral -- peggy ( over ) beautiful extension , but they be not go for the forward inside here . the difficulty factor on this be low . dick ( qver ) it 's a safe program , but they be execute very nicely ... cuut to : the runway -- same time olympic official and tv crews choke the sightline as brian and - lorie move through the end of they program . rick tuttle nervous , totally focus on he skater . anton , kate and doug at the rear of the runway peer out . kate and anton watch the skate as " anything goe * blare to its conclusion and the crowd roar its approval . CUT to : the network feed -- full frame brian and lorie stand with tuttle and dorothy hamill in the interview area as they score flash on the screen : announcer ( over ) l’nombre de point technical : 5.8 , 5.7 , 5.8 , 5.7 , 5.7 , 5.8 , 5.7 , 5.8. ( beat ) l’nombre de point artistique : 5.9 , 5.9 , 5.8 , 5.9 , 6.0 , 5.8 , 5.9 , 5.8 . o Big smile . tuttle hug he skater . peggy ( qver ) - great score ! neuman and paulsen , look well position for a medal . dick ( qver ) yes Peggy , but I be not sure it will be gold . they might have play it just a little safe . still to skate be izuto and tenaki and kate moseley and Doug Dorsey . CUT to : the runway kate and doug stand quietly with anton as the open note of " peer gynt " begin in the bg .. . anton ( hypnotically ) a flame ... the fire , the purity of flame be burn away imperfection . all mistake . all difficulty . ail effort . everything be burn away except ice and skate . everything fall away except perfection . ( he pause ) . I go now . I find a seat . I watch the famous japanese . come ... ( he pull they into he embrace ) you be my champion . I be proud . ( he pull back ) enjoy . -kate and doug watch as anton walk off through the runway . CUT to : network feed -- full frame izuto and tenaki capture by the tv cameras . skate great : a double axel throw , she land perfectly -- dick ( qver ) -- Lovely ! -- and here 's the layback ».ea little clinical but right on the money ... eo CUT to : the runway -- same time kate and doug stretch beside the network interview area . in the bg , izuto and tenaki spin at CENTER ice , as the music crash to a close . the crowd roar its approval . kate look up to see doug stare at she -- 115 doug you okay ? kate nod tightly . kate you ? doug I guess . they hesitate . a silent moment . neither of they quite able to find the word . as suddenly -- izuto and tenaki -~ five yard away -- come sweeping off the ice , into the arm of they entourage . hug and kiss and lot of japanese congratulation and network production people try to get the couple over to dorothy hamill in the interview booth . and judge by the activity and reaction , this event be over . kate freeze , watch all this . she turn to find -- doug still stare at she , the rest of the world lose for hin . doug I can not stand this anymore . kate . Doug , we have to skate ... doug this will not wait four and half minute . ( in a rush ) kate , look , maybe I be a jerk . maybe I be not ready . maybe I be afraid . I do not know . I just have this terrible feel that after today I be not gonna see you again and ... I do not care about the skate , I just . don / to want it to end for we . kate stare . both of they terrify by what 's just be say . kate doug...no ... we be not right for each other -- we be not . doug yes we be ! I be right for you . I know it . I fee ) it . kate ( weakly ) it would never work . 116 doug it already have ! -- we have just be so goddamn wrap up in the rest of this stuff that we could not see it . kate it 's too complicated . doug there 's nothing complicated about it . ( he step closer ) kate , I never meet anybody like you before . it take I a long time to get use to it but now ... ( he smile ) who else be gonna put up with you shit ? kate , reeling , as the crowd around they come alive -- the french announcer begins reading the score ( qver ) -- kate and doug stand there -- suddenly aware of the situation . kate ( turn back ) we be do the triple . doug what ? kate you hear I . '' pous no . no way . a hover olympic official lean in -- official you may take the ice please . kate ( ignore this ) I think you want to win . I know you do . I be the one who put we in this hole , and I say it 's the triple . doug kate , look , forget about it . we be do the double , I be not have you fall . announcer ( over ) moseley and dorsey . a french official step forward , push they toward the ice . o 117 . french official s’il vous plais -- allez y... doug ( turn on he ) Lay off a minute , willy a ! the official step back , shocked . other in the runway begin to take notice as kate start for the ice -- doug -- look at I ! ( grab she back ) the last thing I want to do be start run you life . kate so we be agree . triple . doug no ! -- it 's not worth it . you do not have to do this for I . kate ( with a smile ) I have fall before . it 's not the end of the world -- announcer -- moseley and dorsey -- doug -- kate , listen , please -- another french official rush into the fray . official # 3 -- vous avez trente second -- second -- pour monter ' sur la glace ! doug ( to official # 3 ) -- shut the hell up for a minute ! it 's get chaotic -- kate look around , face everywhere -~- network people -- official -- skater -- coach -- doug kate -- announcer ( over ) -- patineur ! s’il vous plais ! before doug can say another word , kate take he hand , pull he down the runway , kick off she skate guard . 118 official # 1 Fifteen second ! two olympic official drop to they knee , whipping off doug 's guard as he stagger forward in kate 's grip and -- onto the ice kate and doug instinctively manufacturing smile as they glide toward they open position , whisper as they go -- doug double . kate triple . they stop at CENTER ice . stiffly srike they open pose . doug double . the crowd goe quiet . doug and kate , side - by-side . kate what difference do it make ? doug : the difference be I love you . she turn -- total , utter , heart -stopp shock . and then she smile --- a big , confident smile . '' kate then how could we possibly miss ? " doug can not argue , because the music start pounding and if it sound familiar , that 's because this be the song and -- they 're off and we have see competition skate before , but never nore than thirty second , and never , never , anything like this -- around the ice -- killian position -- accelerate into a wick camel spin -- and out , and they look terrific and -- CUT to : network feed toe work across the ice -- perfect -- power -- intensity -- focus -- elegance -- and they be smile for real -- complete eye-contact -- lose in themselves as -- dick ( qver ) wow ! what a difference a day make . this be hot ! back to : live action doug lower kate into a death spiral -- she pony - tail just brush the ice -- around and around and then , as if she be weightless , he 's lift -- pull she to he as if he very life depend on it and -- CUT to : anton mouth open , not believe what he 's see and -- CUT to : the ice doug ease kate off she skate -- above he -- a platter lift -- she arch in the air -- doug turn and -- CUT to : dorsey 's penalty BOX -=- minnesota the place be pack . all eye on the big screen above the bar . thunderstruck silence -- walter move with the music , a big , dumb smile on he face and -- CUT to : martin 's room -- mansion <- connecticut martin huddle on he couch , amid popcorn and cookie , watch tv . grinning from ear to ear . CUT to : the ice . kate and doug side - by-side mirror movement -~ everything instinctive -- music build -- stare at each other -- devour each other with they eye and -- cuut to : the judge look on in amazement and -- CUT to : tuttle stand with lorie and brian , he can not help himself , he break a smile -- this be something truly special -- CUT to : the ice a double lutz wash into a serpentine cross step and -- cuT to : qu jack in the stand , not yet dare to believe he eye and -- CUT to : network feed -- full frame cameras sweeping to keep up as kate and doug whip through a cross chasse , round the end of the rink and -- peggy ( over ) _ there 's steam come off the ice ! dick ( qver ) here come the double ... cuT to : skate cam close - up kate and doug , round the rink -- about to break -- kate ( under she breath ) triple ! triple ! -~ and they separate -- pick up speed -- into doug 's arm -- and she 's up and explode into -- slo - motion -- -- kate in the air -- soar -- around .... and around .... and around ... and landing like a feather ! -- perfectly into doug 's wait arm and -- CUT to : the crowd blow away . witness history and they know it . CUT to : the network camera trailer Dead silence . the director and everyone else just stare at the monitor . CUT to : izuto and tenaki into it , move to the beat as the music crank -- out of the bridge -~ into the final chorus and -- cuT to : the ice kate and doug on some other plane of existence -- hand in hand -- lose in each other 's eye -- a moment -- and then she 's rise into a one~hand lasso lift -- and forget about any more cutaway , this be all kate and doug -- she 's up . and they be move -- doug 's arm like a steel rod , no hesitation , 122 and the music peak and he push and kate be up -- and turn -- and come down -- and down -- and at the last possible second , doug sweep in to catch she and it 's all perfect -- the final push toward center ice -- accelerate -- faster -- music climaxing and finally -- a side -by - side blur spin at center ice -- right in the judge 's face -- like two crazy top drilling down and down and they fall into each other 's arm as the music end and -- - the crowd -- on its foot -- thirty thousand people go nut and -- jack scream and carry on like a teenage girl and -- tuttle , lorie , and brian <- cheer right along and -- izuto and tenaki --. shaking they head and -- the judge -- hearing the crowd and -- anton -- smile , exhaust , wiping away tear and -- the ice -- litter with flower , and they be still come , bouquet raining down from everywhere and -- finally to -- kate and doug -~ completely oblivious to everything , all over each other , lock in a passionate , all - consume , never - let - you - go kiss that just go on and on and ... music up and -- dissolve to : the trophy case . except now it 's be enlarge and it 's no longer empty -- two gold medal side by side and -- roll credit -- music blasting -- continuing as we -- dissolve to : ice a reprise of the open scene . the two , lovely , innocent , six - year -old child we watch skate so touchingly before . except now they be not skate , they be fighting -- argue , cry , finger point -- a furious clash of will that only grow more heat , as we -- fade out the end