the company of wolve unauthorize transcript of the film by Neil Jordan and Angela Carter ext . wood -- day High angle crane shot of a old well , crumble , surround by dead tree and brown leave . crane down to ground level as a large german shepherd run around from behind the well and nose at something hide in the long dry grass at the base of the old well . closeup of a victorian china boy doll lie in the grass , the dog 's nose nuzzling at it . the dog run off leave . brow of hill : dog race up towards camera and run past . bare ground and a blast tree ; camera track leave as the dog run through shot and off leave . a rotting fall tree ; the dog leap over it into camera and run past , dislodge a large toad which fall out of shot . a stream run between low bank ; the dog leap from right bank to leave and out of shot , startling a large raven into the air . bare tree ; tilt down to show a roadway and a silver be speed towards camera . track shot ( as if from car ) follow the dog as it race through the tree beside the road ; slow zoom in on dog . the roadway ; in extreme foreground a large rat scurries away off leave as the be approach . ext . house -- day the rear of a large three - - story country house , cream - - coloured and resplendent in a expanse of green lawn and tree . alice , a adolescent girl in a long white dress run away from camera towards the house and up the back stair . the front of the house see through open , ornate wringht -- iron gate ; the silver BMW come into shot at leave and wheel away down the drive towards the house . the dog race into shot in close pursuit . the dog dash along the drive . low angle ( as if from the dog 's pov ) of the car turn in the drive . the dog run after it . rapid track in on the rear of the car as it pull to a stop in front of the house . the front entrance as alice emerge and run down the front step ; track back to include the car as the passenger door open and moteer emerge , wear a smart grey suit , and kiss alice . alice : hello , mummy ! mother : hello , darling . alice : any present for I ? mother : a surprise . alice : what ? mother : you know ! alice : no I do not - what ? they move to the back of the car , where father have open the hatchback trunk and be unload bag of grocery . mother pull out a small pot palm wrap in brown paper and hand it to alice . mother : where be she ? do she miss tea again ? alice as she take the plant ; we notice that she have a small silver crucifix on a chain around she neck . alice : she say she have tummy -- ache . . . father and mother continue to unload the car . alice : ( os ) . . . so she 's sulk in she room . father it 's she age . alice : she 's a pest ! mother : so be you once ! now go and wake she . int . house -- day medium shot through the half -- open front door onto the driveway , the car partially visible , as the dog lope through the door past camera into the house . ext . house -- day alice walk from car carry the pot palm and a plastic carrybag ; track with she as she run up the front step . int . house -- day High angle through banister down to the main floor as the panting dog run up the stair past camera . alice run into front room past a large dark victorian sideboard , put the plant down onto a table beside a large divan , drop the carrybag onto the divan and run up stair at leave . int . rosaleen' room -- day a shelf full of victorian toy and bric --a-- brac ; at screen right be a pierrot doll with hang leg in puffed white pantaloon , the leg swinging gently . tick of clock audible . int . hall -- day alice rush up stair past camera . alice : pest , pest ! int . rosaleen' room close shot of a porcelain grand mother doll with wire -- frame spectacle and a ruffle bonnet , move slightly in what seem to be a light breeze . tick clock . ext . house father and mother carry plastic bag of grocery from the car towards the house . mother : I want you to have a word with she . father : well , I have - I have try . . . I have be upstairs to see she . . . mother : yes , but not - father : she always tell I I do not understand she . mother : oh , that 's ridiculous . father : well , she 's right . int . house the landing as dog run up stair past old wooden furniture , a large house plant on a small table , and go off leave . low angle up another flight of stair as the alice run in at right , up the stair and off leave . Dog round corner at top of stair and run towards camera down a corridor ; camera track back in front of dog . Old , peel radiator . reverse low angle shot ( as if dog 's pov ) : camera track quickly along the corridor , which have a old fade carpet and large , dark oil portrait propped up on the floor against the wall on either side . Dog stop outside rosaleen 's room and sniff at the door . alice run along the downstairs corridor away from camera , past the old furniture and the house plant , and mount the stair . the dog be sit outside the door as the alice reach the top of the stair in bg . and run towards the camera . she reach the door and push irritably at the dog . she shove at the dog impatiently . alice : go away ! she knock sharply at the door . int . rosaleen' room a white dress hang on the back of the door ; grandmother doll visible at the leave of the door . alice ( off ) : they want you downstairs ! you have to come out sometime - you can not sulk in there forever ! open the door ! open it ! you have be at my lipstick too , have not you ! pest ! during this the camera track in and pan slowly leave to show the grandmother doll on a shelf beside the door ; then a antique dresser with a oval mirror , in which we see rosaleen reflect asleep on she bed ; a clock , a disarranged box of kleenex , then the bed itself with rosaleen fully dress atop it , curl asleep . int . hallway alice at the door . alice : what make you so different anyway ! Buck teeth ! come on out - int . rosaleen' room rosaleen toss in she sleep . we see that she have on bright red lipstick and rouge , and be wear a white blouse with red and purple heart on it . beside she lie a round hand mirror and a lurid teenage magazine . int . hallway alice : pest ! it 's not because I want you , either - int . rosaleen' room profile cs of rosaleen asleep . alice : ( off ) . . . it 's because mummy want you ! int . hallway alice : pest , pest . . . int . rosaleen' room rosaleen toss in she sleep . alice : ( off ) . . . pest ! camera track in and around the bed right to leave . a wind begin to blow tissue and papers across the bed around the toss rosaleen . the bright afternoon sunlight on the right side of the room fade and be replace by cold blue moonlight from the window os leave . Music . close shot of the grandmother doll in the blue light . shot of a soft cloth sailor doll lean against the window , curtain billow in the wind and blue moonlight . camera tracking back leave to right as the wind blow harder across rosaleen . close shot of the toy shelf ; camera pan to the leave past a teddy bear to a harlequin doll , its head tick back and forth , past a porcelain cat head to the sailor doll against the window ; camera move to window and onto a dream landscape of dark forest and distant mountain . in the distance a wolf howl . dissolve to : ext . forest - night dream forest in thick mist . alice run in at right , freeze in she track momentarily as we hear another wolf howl in the distance . she run leave , camera pan to follow she as she run out of shot leave . alice run in at right and towards camera , which track back sharply to show the gate from the driveway hang open , ruin and rusted . alice run through they towards camera and off leave . alice run through shot and off leave ; camera pan to leave to reveal a life size sailor doll stand against a rock face . it jerk to life and turn around to camera . close shot of the cloth face of the doll as it turn round and run jerkily off leave after she . int . rosaleen' room rosaleen toss uneasily in she sleep . ext . forest the white dress hang from a tree in misty background . alice run in right ; camera pan to a life size teddy bear stand against a tree . the alice halt and approach the bear , stroking it as if for reassurance . the bear jerk to life and try to grab she . she scream and push it away , run off right . int . rosaleen' room rosaleen toss . the sailor doll against the moonlit window . ext . forest the life size sailor doll lumber forward . alice back into shot from the leave , collide with the doll , scream and run out of shot . the doll collapse limply onto the ground , inert . close shot of the life size teddy bear lift its head . alice scream offscreen . close shot alice , horrify , as she turn to run . a large doll 's house , with light show through its lower window ( it be markedly similar to the house see earlier ) . alice enter shot from leave , stare at the doll 's house , move forward to swing open a panel which reveal the room inside . close shot of the interior : we see a mouse stand upright inside a miniature canopy bed , its snout poke out through the canopy . extreme close shot of the mouse . close shot of alice grimace in disgust . alice 's hand pick up a piece of miniature furniture and hurl it at the mouse . the mouse flinch away . alice run off right . mouse look into camera . int . rosaleen' room close shot grandmother doll as before . rosaleen toss on the bed , camera tracking around bed to leave . ext . forest alice run through mist towards camera , which pan leave to reveal a large grandfather clock shroud in cobweb . alice stop as the clock strike once sluggishly and its hand spin erratically . close shot of the clock 's base as the door open and mouse spill out onto the ground . close shot of alice grimace in disgust . alice run off leave . int . rosaleen' room extreme closeup of the harlequin doll 's head tick back and forth . ext . forest alice run in right and camera pan to show large pipe -- like structure ( a blast of organ music on soundtrack ) ; at right a bird sit atop one of the pipe look at alice , who pause and then flee off leave . int . rosaleen' room extreme close shot of a black and white photograph of rosaleen and the dog , propped up on the night table beside the bed , the shadow of the billow window curtain move across it . extreme close shot of the porcelain cat head , with the head of the harlequin doll tick into shot at extreme right . ext . forest alice run past huge mushroom towards camera and off screen leave . alice run past a large owl at leave ; pan to follow she . close shot as the owl whir into flight . the mushroom in the mist ; at centre screen the owl fly off right as alice run into shot in bg and run towards camera . alice run leave , camera pan with she ; she freeze as the pan disclose a pack of wolf stand motionless atop boulder . close shot alice scream in terror . the wolf watch she , motionless . alice stand , wolf behind she . they leap down from the rock as one and she flee off right . close shot of the wolf leaping down from the rock . link cut to close shot of same . alice flee past huge mushroom ; she stop to look back . wolf racing past a large tree . alice run off . the wolf pack in pursuit . slow motion shot of alice run towards camera , the wolf overtake she from behind , some run round leave to cut she off . alice run , wolf closer behind . alice reach a rock face block the path , whirl round and scream . wolf howling , they eye glow red . close shot of alice helpless at the rock face . wolf rush forward . alice as she spin round , scream , to stare at the rock face . close shot on rock face ( as if alice 's pov ) to show a dark gap in the rock , red eye glow within . close shot alice scream , she hand at she throat . extreme closeup of the glow red eye . extreme closeup of alice scream . Wolf pack rush up the path . close shot of the wolf leaping out from the gap in the rock face . close shot of alice scream in despair and sink onto the ground . the wolf pack rush closer . High angle as alice throw she arm up and sink to the ground ; the wolf pack rush into shot in f.g. , hide she from view . fade out fade in : int . rosaleen' room rosaleen turn over on the bed , smile . close shot of the window look out onto the dream nightscape ; camera track in past the window frame . ext . forest -- day dissolve from nightscape to daylight forest scene , autumnal colour . camera track in and pan right to disclose a distant church spire . ext . churchyard -- day low angle shot of the church , its bell toll a knell ; to the right in f.g . a crane stand on the paved bridge , turn its head to camera . High angle close shot of alice with she eye close , a garland of white flower on she brow , dark mark on she throat . close shot of rosaleen , a white kerchief on she head , stare down . the bell toll . mother , wear a straw bonnet trim with white , come into shot at leave , stooping down . alice be reveal laid out in a rough wooden coffin , she arm cross over she breast . mother kiss alice 's forehead , look at she sadly , then reach down to remove the crucifix and chain from around alice 's neck . camera pan up with mother as she stand to put it around rosaleen 's neck . we see granny at right of shot , other mourner behind . mother : say goodbye to you sister now , so you will never forget she . rosaleen look uncertainly at mother , stoops down to kiss alice 's forehead , glance again at mother , look down miserably . resume on alice , as a coffin lid slide up into shot to hide she face . rosaleen as she step back in shock . a crow caw o.s. mother cross in front of rosaleen and out at right . mother walk past church wall to join a group of mourner on the other side of the grave , include father and old priest . father put he arm around she . rosaleen and granny . granny reach out and pull rosaleen to she . granny : stay with I , child . she reach into she bag and pull out a large gingerbread man . granny : chew on this . it will keep you mind off thing . rosaleen take the cookie and nibble it tentatively . grave digger move into f.g. and stoop down out of show as priest begin to read the service . old priest man that be bear of woman hath but a short time to live and be full of misery . . . High angle on the coffin as they lift it and remove the board support it over the open grave , then lower it slowly . camera pull back to show the sparse village congregation gather around the grave . shot of a red-- haire boy beside he mother . he lift he head and smile at rosaleen . granny and rosaleen . rosaleen take the gingerbread man out of she mouth and stick out she tongue . the boy put out he tongue at she in response . his mother cuff he smartly . rosaleen turn she head away . grave digger begin to spade earth into the grave . old priest we therefore commit she body to the ground . . . close shot of a spade digging up moist earth . close shot of the coffin in the grave as a clod of earth strike it and startles a large toad sit atop the coffin . another shovelful of earth be lift . another clod strike the coffin and the toad hop away out of shot . ext . village - sundown a horsedrawn cart come over the brow of a hill , father and another peasant lead the horse . in the cart sit granny and rosaleen on the leave , mother isolate on the right . granny : you poor sister - all alone in the wood , and nobody there to save she ! cart with the church spire visible in the distance . granny : poor little lamb ! rosaleen : why could not she save herself ? cms rosaleen and granny . granny : you do not know this thing , you be only a child ! father and peasant pass in front of the camera , black out the screen momentarily . Dark screen which be disclose as dark tree trunk as camera pan leave to disclose the village in ls , well in the centre . crane down as cart come around well and pull to a stop . father put down a crate for the woman to step down onto ; he reach in to help granny out . link cut to mcs as he lift granny down , then rosaleen . she cling to he . rosaleen : daddy . . . father : there , there , pet . granny : ( offscreen ) shall I take she home . . . cu granny . granny : . . . with I tonight ? her mother 's in no fit state to look after she . resume previous shot as granny 's hand come into shot at right to take rosaleen 's arm . granny : ( offscreen ) come , pet . rosaleen pull free and move to the leave , camera pan with she to mother . rosaleen : I want to stay with mummy . father : mummy 's not well . just for tonight . resume previous shot .. granny : come , child , come with I . she move off leave . father put he hand on mother 's shoulder , lead she away gently . ext . wood - evening granny and rosaleen appear in the distance walk along the path . Dark music . granny : it 's a long way through the wood , but safe by daylight . safe if you keep to the path . . . ( music drown out she word ) granny stop and go to a small shrub , pick something . granny : there 's lot more of this in the wood , if you know where to look ! rosaleen : ( look off right ) berries ! she dart away . shot past a bush of berry in f.g. to rosaleen and granny in b.g. rosaleen pick a berry and pop it into she mouth . granny fly forward , grab rosaleen and drag she back . granny : do not . . . close medium shot as she pull rosaleen up from screen leave . granny : . . . stray from the path , girl ! do you not hear what I tell you ? once you stray from the path you be lose entirely ! ( she lead rosaleen down the path ) the wild beast know no mercy . they wait for we in the wood , in the shadow , and once you put a foot wrong - close two shot rosaleen and granny , who dart she head forward . granny : - they pounce ! rosaleen start . granny smile , pat she cheek . granny : there . . . closeup rosaleen , alarmed . granny : ( offscreen ) . . . there , my precious . long shot : granny lead rosaleen along the path . granny : do not take on so . it 's something you have to learn , otherwise you will end up like you poor dear sister ! medium long shot follow they past a huge tree ; camera pan right to disclose granny 's cottage in b.g. rosaleen run ahead towards it . link cut to medium shot as she run through a gate in the low stone wall around the cottage . Bird song . ext . cottage in the yard be a small apple tree . rosaleen bend down and pick up a fall apple from under the tree . rosaleen : granny , can I have one ? granny : I can not see why not . rosaleen bite into the apple , grimace and spit it out . close shot of the apple in she hand . a large worm wriggle inside the bite mark . granny : ( chuckle ) you have get a lot to learn , child . she take the apple and toss it away . granny : never stray from the path , never eat a windfall apple . . . she pick another apple from the tree and give it to rosaleen . granny : . . . and never trust a man whose eyebrow meet ! she stroke rosaleen 's cheek and go into the cottage . rosaleen bite hungrily into the apple and follow she . ext . granny' cottage - night a white owl in a tree . the cottage , chimney smoking , under a luminous full moon . int . granny' cottage - night a cheery fire burn . rosaleen be sit on the floor beside granny in she chair . granny be roll up a ball of bright red wool . granny : the best winter wool , pet , woven across the valley - so good , so soft I think I would knit a shawl for you sister . but now , you know what I will do ? rosaleen : what , gran ? granny : I will make one for you ! a very special shawl for a very special lady . she rub the wool against rosaleen 's cheek . rosaleen : Soft as a kitten . granny smile down at she , she spectacle light by the fire ; then she expression harden . granny : there 's something I should tell you . rosaleen : ( startle ) yes ? granny : but maybe you`re too young . rosaleen : tell I , gran ! granny : too young to understand . rosaleen : oh , go on , gran , tell I ! granny : maybe no child be ever too young . ( pause ) a wolf may be more than he seem . he may come in many disguise . rosaleen : what 's that ? granny : the wolf that eat you sister be hairy on the outside . but when she die she go straight to Heaven . the worst kind of wolf be hairy on the inside , and when they bite you , they drag you with they to Hell ! rosaleen : what do you mean , hairy on the inside ? like a furry coat ? granny : hush now , foolish child , and listen . once upon a time there be a woman in the village , and she marry a travel man . . . dissolve to : ext . forest - day jubilant fiddle music . villager dance down the path , all garland with flower , surround the happy bride and GROOM . he sweep she into he arm and carry she over the threshold of a isolate cottage . int . bride's cottage - night the bride and GROOM stand in they night dress before a open window which admit bright moonlight . the bride still have she garland in she hair . GROOM : ( turn from the window ) they have all go now . bride : it 's a shame you people miss the wedding . GROOM : ( cryptically ) maybe it be and maybe it be not . she turn and go to the bed , turn back the cover . close shot as the cover turn back , revealing a tiny hedgehog in the middle of the bed . she laugh and scoops it up to show he . bride : my brother`s idea of a joke ! the GROOM stare at she . bride : why be you stare like that ? GROOM : because I have never see anything like you before . bride : do not they have girl where you come from ? GROOM : not like you . she slowly remove the garland of flower from she hair and put it aside tenderly . in the shadow the GROOM remove he nightshirt . bride : come out of the shadow . let I see you , my love . he walk forward slowly , the candlelight glow on he bare chest . bride : be all travel man as handsome as you ? GROOM : so you think I be handsome ? bride : the first thing I notice about you - be the way you eyebrow meet . GROOM : do that spoil I then ? bride : come to I and I will tell you . he bend to kiss she . there be a screech and he yelp in pain . the hedgehog on the floor under he foot . he seize it and go to the door to throw it out into the yard . the open door reveal the full moon . Music . the GROOM stop to stare at the moon , lean weakly against the door jamb . bride : my dear ? GROOM : ( thickly ) I must . . . just go into the yard . . . for a moment . . . bride : why ever for ? he turn he head towards she ; he pupil be bright red . GROOM : call of nature . he go out , shutting the door behind he . she smile uncertainly , get into bed and snuggle down against the pillow to wait for he . int . granny' cottage - night granny : so she wait . . . and she wait . . . int . bride's cottage - night granny ( vo ) : . . . and she wait again . the bride sit up and get out of bed . bride : ( to herself , uncertainly ) surely he` be go a long time ? she walk toward the door . a wolf howl outside . she freeze in terror , then force herself towards the window . ext . bride's cottage - night several wolf in the yard under the blue full moon ; one atop the low stone wall bark in answer to distant howling . int . bride's cottage - night she recoil in horror . bride : no ! it can not be ! ext . wood - dawn villager armed with rifle search through ground mist , move through the tree towards camera . man : he upped and run , that`s all . it be in he blood . be not he a travel man ? close shot : bride 's hand lift a dead leaf from the ground to reveal a deep wolf print in the wet earth below . bride bent over at edge of pond . in the pond wade another villager probing the bottom with a long stick . he shake he head . she look up right , jump to she foot . villager approach down the path at right . bride : anything ? man : not a hair nor a hide of he . nor a footprint . she push he in the chest angrily , run back to point to the edge of the pond . bride : what 's that , might I ask ? I tell you I hear a wolf last night ! they come and take he while he be make water , when a man . . . she sink to she knee . close shot as she lower she head . bride : . . . be at he most defenseless . ( look up in tear ) murderer ! they be murderer ! villager look on as she lower she head and sob . at screen right a white duck preens itself unconcernedly . granny ( vo ) : ( over ) but she be a young thing . . . int . granny' cottage - night granny wind the red wool , rosaleen listen intently . granny : . . . and cheerful of temperament , and she find another husband - not too shy . . . int . bride's cottage - night close shot of a porcelain chamber pot under the bed . granny ( vo ) : . . . to piss in a pot ! Pan up to stool on which stand a alarm clock , chime delicately . the bride 's hand reach out from under the eiderdow to turn it off , then retract under the eiderdow , she laughter mingling with that of she ( unseen ) husband . rosaleen ( vo ) : and they live happily ever after ! int . granny' cottage - night cms as before . granny : ( sharply ) indeed they do not ! int . cottage - evening the bride , older now , in a cluttere kitchen interior with three small child , all tearful . granny ( v0 ) first time pass , happily enough . the bride wipe one baby 's face , put it down . bride : what a mess ! ( baby wail ) oh , do not start ! she pick up another baby and dandle it while she peel potato angrily . the first baby wail . bride : shut up ! here . she give the baby a bit of peel potato . granny ( vo ) time pass , and she give he child . and that be a bad time for wolf , that year , oh yes ! not a sheep or a cow be safe . but for herself all go right as a trivet - until . . . dissolve to : ext . cottage - night granny ( vo ) . . . one winter 's night . . . camera pan and track through dark tree to show the light window of the cottage . wolf howl in the distance . a rag figure with long matte hair limp out of the darkness towards the cottage . he rub he hand over a dirty window pane ; in the clear space we see the bride within feed she child at the table . he limp around the side of the cottage . int . cottage - night the bride feed fresh wood into the fire . a heavy knock on the door . she get up andpen the door to reveal the wait figure . her astonished face . the dishevel GROOM walk in slowly . she stare at he . bride : my god. . . he glare at the child , sit heavily at the table . GROOM : I be starve . one of the child burst into alarmed tear . she quickly scoops it away from the table . bride : do you want something to eat ? GROOM : do not you hear I the first time ! she ladle out a bowl of soup . he pull he hair away from he face , lean forward and spoon it up . baby cry loudly . GROOM : where do this three spring from ? bride : out of my belly ! GROOM : ( snarling ) you child - but not my child ! Whore ! adulteress ! she back away from he . GROOM : you hope I would never come back ! he overturn the table . bride : I think the wolf have take you ! GROOM : better a wolf than a whore ! if I be wolf once more , I would teach this whore a lesson ! he tear he shirt open . she throw a ladle full of soup in he face . he scream and cover he face with he hand . she stare at he . he rip away the skin from he face . she stare , transfix with horror . he rip the skin from he face and neck with a skeletal hand . the hand claw at she ; she beat it off and back away behind a post . the hand peel he face entirely away , revealing a bloody grin skull . she cower . the hand rip he hair off ; the naked bloody skull turn . it howl . she scream . the skull elongate into a wolf 's skull . she run to the child and hug they to she . the wolf skull howl ; the skeletal hand claw at the air . she clutches the child around she , scream . the body erupt into a bloody wolf 's frame . the head snarl at she . the bloody wolf move towards she . the door open and she second husband come in . she scream to he . he turn . his hand seize a axe lean against the wall . the wolf , now cover with fur , turn on he . he swing the axe . slow motion : the wolf 's severe head fly off . slow motion : it soar through the air . slow motion : it strike the far wall and tumble down . slow motion : it land in a bucket of milk and submerges . the GROOM 's original hand some head resurface and float on the milk , its eye close . the bride straighten and walk across the room to stare down at the bucket . the second husband watch she darkly . she kneel down beside the bucket . her hand touch the float head gently . bride ( wonder ) he look just the same . . . she look up at she second husband . bride . . . as the day I marry he ! the second husband stride forward . he slap she across the face . she gasp , look down . the head float in the milk . int . granny' cottage - night rosaleen listen , see past granny 's hand as they wind the red wool . rosaleen : I would never let a man strike I . granny : oh , they be nice as pie until they have have they way with you . but once the bloom be go , oh , the beast come out . rosaleen : when the wolf , though - when the real wolf . . . low angle closeup of granny see past rosaleen . rosaleen : - when the real wolf mate , do the dog beat the bitch afterward ? granny : animal ! all wild animal ! her face change . granny : well , that 's enough . . . closeup of she hand put the ball of red wool down on a table . granny : . . . wool for tonight . closeup of granny , smile . granny : bedtime . closeup of rosaleen . closeup of granny : she remove she glass , rub she eye with she leave hand , she silver wedding ring prominent . she fold up she glass . closeup of she hand put the glass down beside the wool . granny : what about a kiss for granny ? rosaleen look away . granny : don`t I deserve a kiss for my story ? rosaleen get up . medium profile two shot : she kiss the old woman 's cheek dutifully . granny : the best of all girl ! she get up and take the candle from the table . closeup of the candle next to a metal ornament : a squat toad with a erect cobra rear above it . granny walk to camera with candle , which go out of focus . dissolve to : ext . granny' cottage - night the full moon see through tree . cricket hum . the white owl take flight from a tree . int . granny' cottage - night closeup of the toad ornament shine in the moonlight . rosaleen and granny in bed side by side , granny in she nightcap ( as grandmother doll see earlier ) , the candle burn on the night table beside the bed . closeup : the ermine lift it head . medium shot pan along the table to the toad ornament . closeup : the ermine swivel its head , hiss softly . medium shot pan around the bed . Music . granny snore softly . rosaleen sit up . we hear a wolf howl in the distance . medium shot tracking in on the window and strange victorian paraphernalia on the table . Music . closeup rosaleen as she glance at granny uneasily , settles down again . ext . wood - day rosaleen and granny walk along the path , granny talk indistinctly . a toad crouch on a rock and watch they pass . high angle shot down on they as they round a bend in the path . granny : of course you will n`t stay a young girl much longer . you mummy and daddy will need all the help they can get . just grow wise , learn all that you can , now that you sister be go . they pass under a tree . granny 's ermine lift its head and howl . a snake coiled around a low branch of the tree . rosaleen and granny walk on unawares . ext . village - day the village child be play blind man 's bluff . the boy , blindfolded , stagger forward and grab hold of rosaleen . boy ( pull off blindfold , react ) cor ! granny grab he by the ear . granny : caught you , you snotty - nose ragamuffin ! boy I catch rosaleen ! granny : oh no , nobody catch my little princess ! she boot he smartly in the rear . granny : come along , my child . the child rush off giggle wildly . ext . village - night light in window gleam through the dark . int . house - night rosaleen 's mother ladle out soup sadly . mother : there 's too much food now there 's just the three of we . father : do not grieve . least say soonest mend . dissolve to : ext . village - day rosaleen go out to the well carry a bucket . dove fly out of the well , startling she . she fill she bucket . boy : rosaleen ! shall we play now ? rosaleen : play what ? boy : a game ! rosaleen : I know a good game . Close you eye . now , come to I . the boy blunder forward . rosaleen : now . closer , closer . come on . closer . there ! boy now what ? she empty the bucket of water over he . he splutter . rosaleen : olly olly , can`t catch I ! she run off . dissolve to : int . rosaleen' bedroom the harlequin doll 's head bob back and forth . rosaleen asleep in the bed , wind blow around she . track in on the window , curtain billow in the wind , and on the dream landscape beyond it . int . house - night mother get up from the hearth , look out the window . father come into shot and kiss the nape of she neck . she turn to embrace he . rosaleen in bed , moth circle she candle . she sit up . closeup of the candle and the circle moth . rosaleen react to a offscreen noise . mother and father in bed , fall back content against they pillow after make love . rosaleen sit back against she pillow , uneasy . int . house - morning mother poke the fire . rosaleen sit up in bed behind she . rosaleen : ( uncertainly ) mummy . . . mother : yes , pet ? rosaleen : do he hurt you ? mother : ( calmly ) do who hurt I ? rosaleen : do daddy hurt you . . . when he . . . mother : ( firmly ) no , not at all . rosaleen : it sound like . . . mother : like what ? rosaleen : like the beast granny talk about . mother : you pay too much attention to you granny . she sit on the bed beside rosaleen . mother : she know a lot , but she do not know everything . and if there 's a beast in man , it meet its match in woman too . understand I ? get up and fetch I some water . ext . village - morning rosaleen take down sheet that have be hang to dry . boy : rosaleen ! rosaleen : yes ? boy : I have bring you a little present . rosaleen : what kind of present ? he pull a bunch of wild flower out of he shirt and hold it out to she . boy : I think maybe you`d take a walk with I in the wood , on Sunday after the service . just a little walk , rosaleen . rosaleen : why should I ? boy I think maybe you would want to . rosaleen : I would have to ask . she turn away . he call after she . boy tell you mother I will be with you . and we will not stray from the path ! int . churchyard - day rosaleen and granny sit beside tombstone under a tree ; granny be knitting the red shawl . granny they be the best of all rose . . . pick from the grave of a princess . they come off my best rise tree ! rosaleen : why can not mommy grow rose like that ? granny : ( sniff ) it 's a question of a green thumb , she lack that . no hand at pastry , either ! the old priest walk by carry a ladder , which he place beside the tree . granny good morning , Father ! old priest good morning ! granny ( to rosaleen ) : they say that priest ' bastard often turn into wolf as they grow older ! rosaleen : ( alarmed ) what do you mean ? granny if the child be bear on Christmas Day . if he 's bear foot first he will be the one , if he 's bear foot first and he eyebrow meet in the middle ! oh yes . . . very bad ! one day he will meet the Devil in the wood . . . rosaleen look up at she . dissolve to : ext . wood - night mist . a thin boy creep through the tree , look cautiously to leave and right . he move into close shot , and we see that he eyebrow meet . he Pov : mist in the tress and two point of yellow light that move forward . the boy , uneasy . the light approach and be reveal as the headlight of a white limousine . it glide to a silent halt in front of the astonished boy . Inside the chauffeur wear a white uniform and cap , with long blonde hair . she turn to look out at the boy ( it be rosaleen in a platinum wig ) . she get out . Inside the car sit the prince of darkness contemplate a small skull . she open the door ; the prince look out . he gesture to the boy to come closer . he reach down and produce a small jar . he hold it out to the boy . the chauffeur smile to herself as the boy take it . prince now use it wisely ! the boy open the jar and peer inside . prince ( smile ) waste not , want not ! he gesture and the chauffeur close the door . the boy back away . the prince return to contemplate the skull as the car glide away . the boy unlace the top of he jerkin . he watch the car move away into the mist . he put a finger into the jar and smear unguent onto he chest . the car move off into the distance . closeup of the boy 's thin naked chest ; pan up to he face . the car be go . boy look down . close shot of he chest : dark hair sprout . he look up . mist where the car disappear . Hair sprout thickly on he chest . his foot : vine erupt from the earth and coil around he boot . the boy 's face : he look down . his chest , now matte with dark hair . vine wrap around he leg . the climb up he body . he scream . boy no! no ! his face distort with terror . int . rosaleen' bedroom he be see in the dresser mirror , scream . rosaleen sit up in bed , turn to look at the boy in the mirror . int . churchyard rosaleen : that 's a horrid story ! I do not like it at all . granny : it 's not a story , child , but God 's own truth . so if you should spy on a naked man in the wood , run as if the Devil himself be after you ! the old priest come out of the rectory carry heavy pruning shear . he take off he hat and plop it over the top of the tombstone next to granny and climb up the ladder against the tree . rosaleen : ( whisper ) the Devil 's one thing , but a priest make baby be another ! I do not think we priest would have it in he . granny : ( loudly ) you can not trust anyone , least of all a priest ! he 's not call father for nothing ! and do not bother to whisper - he 's deaf as a post ! up in the tree the old priest chop at a branch . granny hold out the red shawl . granny there - be not that lovely ? all we need be a nice border and fringe . see how soft it feel ! she hold it out to rosaleen who try it on delightedly . rosaleen : Soft as snow ! granny ; Red as a berry ! rosaleen : Red as blood . the old priest chop another branch . it land on granny 's bonnet . rosaleen laugh . granny Old fool , want to brain I ! what 's he up to in the tree , the old monkey ! father ! the old priest go on pruning branch . granny father , be you climb up to Heaven and chopping the rung of the ladder after you ? watch what you be do ! can you hear I ? old priest do not make so much clamour in the garden of God 's house , you irreverent old woman ! I hear every word ! granny ( indignantly ) well , what a silly game ! old priest someone 's get to do it ! someone 's get to cut away the old wood . even evergreen need pruning ! he chop another branch . it fall as granny lead rosaleen away . dissolve to : ext . house - night rosaleen at the window inside look at a moth catch in a spider web and the enormous spider on the next windowpane . int . house - night rosaleen lift she hand to touch the spider gingerly . father come in hold wood , pause to look at she . he go past mother busy at the stove , put the wood down on the hearth , pick up the boy 's bouquet from the mantel and sniff at it theatrically , then bite off one of the flower and chew it . mother : daddy , leave she be ! rosaleen jump up from the window seat and take the bouquet from he . rosaleen : he only ask I to walk with he . what 's wrong with that ? mother : all the same , I do not know . it 's not as if == father : ah , where 's the harm in it , he 's we neighbour 's son , she 's know he since she be a baby . she still be a baby . mother : so be we Alice once . father : she will be go soon enough , she 's so pretty . what be it they say - it 's not lose a daughter , it 's gain a son ? rosaleen : stop teasing I , he only ask I to walk with he ! father : well , one thing lead to another . mother cross hold a jug and flick water from it into father 's face . dissolve to : ext . wood - morning long shot as before tracking over the treetop to the distant church spire . Church bell peal . int . church - morning sunlight blaze through the window . the old priest in he surplice walk to the pulpit , hum to himself , mount it to face the congregation . the congregation , a couple of dozen villager , rosaleen in the centre beside she parent . old priest isaiah , chapter eleven , verse six to eight . " the wolf also shall dwell with the lamb , and the leopard shall lie down with the kid , and the calf and the young lion and fatling together , and the little child shall lead they . and the cow and the bear shall feed they young one together . and the lion shall eat straw with the ox , and the suckling child shall play on the whole of the ass , and the wean child shall put he hand on the cockatrice 's de . they shall not hurt nor destroy in all my holy mountain , for the earth shall be full of the knowledge of the Lord , as the water cover the sea .รถ under this : the boy beside he father . he turn to look behind he at rosaleen . rosaleen look up at he , grin crookedly . granny start up out of a doze , look around she . the boy turn back ; he father grin down at he proudly . rosaleen "s father look across at she , lean over to whisper to mother . priest in the lectern . granny asleep . priest smile . rosaleen glance up at the ceiling . her Pov : spider cluster in a web on the underside of a lamp . one fall . rosaleen look down . a spider fall onto she open prayer book . more fall . her hand calmly brushes they away . priest see over the head of the congregation . ext . church - day the boy and rosaleen walk away together . rosaleen wear she red shawl . villager on the church step watch they go . boy' father : ( proudly ) that 's my boy ! rosaleen' parent come out of the church , granny and the old priest behind they . granny do not stray from the path ! ext . wood - day rosaleen and the boy walk past a charcoal burner feed he fire along the path to the wood . boy : when do you have to be back , rosaleen ? rosaleen : ( curtly ) soon. boy : why be you so crabby today ? I think you want to come ! rosaleen : so what if I do ? boy : well , you should . . . rosaleen : what should I ? the boy shyly run he hand up she shawl , stroke she cheek . boy well , you know . . . rosaleen : I do not know . look ! she point to a white dove in a tree , run towards it . the boy follow determinedly . boy pretty , but not as pretty as you ! he kiss she cheek . she push he away . boy be not that nice ? rosaleen : no. she run off down the path . he puff out he cheek in exasperation , follow she . rosaleen push through undergrowth at the side of the path . the boy run along the path , stop as he see rosaleen stand motionless against a tree . he go to she . boy : what 's wrong , rosaleen ? do not you like I ? rosaleen : oh no , I like you . I like you well enough . boy : well why will not you kiss I ? ( she look down ) you be afraid , be not you ? rosaleen : I be not afraid ! boy : well ? she lean forward and kiss he on the mouth . he respond eagerly . she pull away . boy that be not very good . give I another ! rosaleen : ( push he away ) have to catch I first ! she run off . he pursue but trip and fall flat on he face . rosaleen crouch down in the underbrush . boy rosaleen ! rosaleen run through the mist . boy : ( os ) rosaleen ! she look back . a rainbow appear across the path behind she . she run on . the boy search more desperately . boy : rosaleen ! rosaleen run off the path right ; camera focus on the snake dangle from a tree branch . extreme high angle shot from atop a dead tree down onto rosaleen run into shot below . she look up at the tree . rosaleen at the tree base look up . she look around , smile , look up again . she begin to climb . closeup of the snake coiled around the branch . rosaleen climb . she reach the upper part of the tree . the boy run along the path . boy : rosaleen ! rosaleen ! where be you ? camera crane up to show the hem of rosaleen 's red cloak above he in the tree . he run unawares off down the path . rosaleen climb higher . ecstatic music as she reach the top of the tree , where there be a large bird 's nest . she look up happily . we hear a bird cry off . Long shot of rosaleen atop the tree , a bird fly off into the distance . close shot of the inside of the nest , which contain white feather , four grey egg and a hand mirror . rosaleen lean forward . her hand take the mirror . she look at herself in it . High angle shot of she leg dangle over space . her hand open a small jar , which contain rouge . she rub some onto she index finger . she rub it onto she lip . closeup of the nest and she hand hold the mirror , she face reflect in it . beside the mirror the egg one by one crack and open , revealing tiny homunculi inside . rosaleen reach forward . her hand take one of the glisten little figure . ext . path the boy run desperately along the path . he stop in horror . boy : oh Jesus ! a calf stand next to a dead heifer , its throat tear and bloody . the boy run off shouting . boy : Wolf ! Wolf ! mist rise about the dead heifer and its desolate calf . closeup of a wolf , its eye blaze , its muzzle bloody . rosaleen walk along the path , contemplate the little figurine in she cup hand . closeup of the wolf look down ( as if at she ) . int . barn the boy run in shouting . boy : Wolf ! Wolf ! he trip and fall amidst the pig . his father react . boy : ( exhaust ) Wolf . . . ! rosaleen 's father rush forward . father : where 's my daughter ? what have you do with my daughter ? he haul the boy to he foot as other villager crowd around they . mother : where 's rosaleen ? boy : she run away from I ! boy' father : get you hand off he ! mother : rosaleen ! boy' father : do not you hit my boy ! father : you son leave my only daughter to the mercy of the wolf ! boy' father : a daughter 's one thing , a heifer 's another ! they fight . rosaleen 's mother grab a bucket of water . mother : I will cool you off ! she dash the water over they . they separate sheepishly , revealing rosaleen stand in the b.g. mother react . mother : my darling ! where have you be ? and in such a state ! rosaleen : ( quietly ) look , mummy . she raise she cup hand . closeup of the little homunculi . mother smile tenderly at she . closeup of the figurine , a tiny tear drip from one eye . ext . wood - night camera pan across dark tree to show the light of the village far below . int . house - night father click he rifle shut , get up . rosaleen help he into a heavy dark cloak . mother : take care , will not you ? and take this . she hold up a crucifix on a chain . he knock it aside with the barrel of he rifle . father : no . this be all this beast understand . kill they before they kill you . he go out . Thunder . mother hug rosaleen . ext . wood - night heavy autumn mist . the villager walk in single file carry flame torch . old villager keep close ! there be once a village so plague by the beat they draw one up in the bucket of the well ! father : hush you antique gossip unless you want the wolf to hear it ! the boy trudge behind he father , clutching a white duck . int house - night mother be bathing rosaleen before the fire . mother : you be such a big girl now , be not you ? come on , hold still ! there you be , big girl ! just be careful of that boy if they take you in the wood again . rosaleen : ( scornfully ) what boy ? clown be what the village boy be ! mother : you granny spoil you - make you think you be something special . that red shawl ! ext . wood - night the villager be digging a pit and lopping down branch to conceal it . old villager : if you think the wolf be big now you should have see they when I be a lad ! monster they be - that 's the truth ! veritable monster . Big as a man - bigger ! the boy clutches the duck fearfully . int . house - night rosaleen wrap in a sheet drying herself by the fire . rosaleen : when will daddy have do with the kill ? mother : when the beast be dead , and not until the beast be dead . we will not live quiet until then . rosaleen get up , hold the sheet around she , and walk to look out of the window . her Pov : the full moon outside . a villager walk past huddle against the cold . wind blow . rosaleen : be winter soon . mother : hard winter . a hard winter bring out the wolf . thank God we be safe indoors ! ext . wood - night the boy hold the duck . the pit be complete and cover with branch . father : we must hide in the tree ! boy' father : boy ! quickly ! the boy run forward and put the duck atop the branch conceal the pit . father : douse the light ! into the tree ! quietly ! they disperse . the boy' father clasp the boy to he behind a tree . the duck flap its wing . int . cottage - night mother and rosaleen in two -shot . rosaleen : granny say wolf may not always be what they seem . mother : how can a wolf be worse than it already be ? rosaleen : not worse , but different . maybe it be not the wolf 's fault , mummy . maybe . . . mother : maybe what ? rosaleen : maybe once upon a time . . . mother : be you go to tell I a story ? rosaleen : maybe I am. ( smile ) once upon a time . . . there be a woman in the valley . mother : um. rosaleen : and the son of the big house do she a terrible wrong . mother : oh. . . rosaleen : so she come to he wedding , to put wrong to right . dissolve to : int . tent - day a lavishly appoint pink tent . a servant enter carry a bottle of wine in a silver ice bucket , follow by another servant . a string trio play in the background . guest be assemble along lengthy table place perpendicular to the main table where the bride and GROOM sit together . the servant pour wine for the GROOM . the guest eat and drink greedily and noisily . drunken guest ( overhear ) : my dear , she be a beautiful thing . no one would have suspect a thing . the GROOM lean over to whisper in the bride 's ear . a servant enter bear a cushion on which rest a sword . the bride and GROOM rise together , the GROOM take the sword and they turn , the bride put she hand atop he on the sword , and ceremonially cut into the bottom layer of a massive tiere pink wedding cake . General laughter . guest : ( with he mouth full ) lady and gentleman , a toast ! to the bride and groom ! guest : to the bride and groom ! drunken guest : come on , lad , kiss the girl ! GROOM : ( laugh ) with pleasure ! he whisper in she ear . GROOM a taste of what 's to come ! they kiss . General exclamation . a old woman eat a chicken leg greedily . another woman feed she lap dog . the prolong kiss end as the bride pull away decorously . guest well do , sir ! very good ! the drunken guest drink from he wine glass . the string trio resume play . ext . house - day Music hear distantly . crow caw as a peasant woman emerge from the tree and walk slowly towards camera . the house and the tent beside it . peacock call as she walk calmly into the tent . int . tent - day the tent entrance see from behind the bride and GROOM . GROOM you every happiness , my dear . the woman come into the tent . the GROOM see she and freeze in shock . he slowly lower he glass . the bride see he expression and turn . camera track in on they startle expression . the woman walk towards they , then along the table . she turn into profile : she be heavily pregnant . she look at the assemble guest with hostile curiosity . a ornate mirror come into shot behind she on the tent wall . the guest whisper excitedly . the musician play on . the woman take a apple from the table and bite into it . the GROOM 's face as she approach he . she spit the bite of apple out at he . guest gasp as the GROOM recoil . Music stop . the woman stand with the mirror behind she . woman : so - I be not good enough for you . I be , once . . . closeup of the appal bride . woman : once upon a time . . . the old woman still chew the chicken leg , she mouth the only sound in the still tent . woman : do not you remember ? closeup GROOM . woman do not you ? the bride turn to look at the GROOM , then look back at the woman . the old woman go on eat . the woman stand in front of the mirror , in which we can see the bride and GROOM reflect with other guest . woman : the wolf in the forest be more decent ! closeup GROOM . the music resume . closeup woman in front of the mirror . its surface warp and bend . the woman spin round to stare into the mirror . the mirror crack and splinter . we hear scream . she smile coldly . in the distort mirror we see the GROOM and bride fall back into they chair . the woman laugh harshly . closeup of a hand cover with hair grasp a wine glass and crush it . the woman laugh . closeup of a man 's boot under the table as they split open and claw paw emerge . closeup woman turn , she eye blaze . in the distort mirror we see the GROOM writhe . another pair of shoe split open to reveal claw . the woman laugh . the hairy hand bleed from the fragment of the wine glass . more shoe split open . the old woman stare , fang protrude from she open mouth . the woman look right and leave . closeup of a hairy hand rise to paw at a hairy bodice . the old woman look down in horror . the hand rip open the bodice to reveal hairy breast . the woman laugh . the old woman " S fange face in the distort mirror . the woman stare proudly . a guest transformed entirely into a wolf in fine clothes leap down from the table , a astonished servant stare . hairy leg pump and kick off shoe . jaunty music . the woman laugh . foot kick . the woman look leave , eye blaze . the drunken guest , now completely transformed , rip he wig off . the woman laugh . the wolf gulp from its wine glass . the woman lean over backwards laugh . the table , all the guest now wolf . the musician play on unperturb . track along the table of wolf in fine clothes . the woman laugh . a servant repress a smile . the women stare at the wolf . the wolf leap down , scatter cutlery and glass . a huge vase of flower crash down onto the table . a servant stand impassive as wolf leap about he . a candelabra smashes down onto the table between two wolf . another vase of flower topple from its stand , narrowly miss the servant beside it . wolf leap down past a statue of cupid hold a bunch of grape . the distort mirror reflect wolf leaping down . the wedding cake collapse . the servant stand behind the table as it collapse under the weight of the wolf . the pack of wolf rush out of the entrance to the tent , servant on either side look at each other in amazement . ext . tent - day the pack of wolf rush past a astonished peacock and vanish into the tree . int . tent - day more wolf rush out past servant . the distort mirror reflect the fall table and the servant stand behind it . the woman turn from the mirror , smile and bow she head with exaggerated politeness . in the mirror we see the servant all bow to she as one . she make a exaggerated curtsey and sweep out of the shot ; in the mirror we see the servant help themselves to wine . dissolve to : int . house - night rosaleen and mother . mother : ( astonished ) where do you hear a story like that ? rosaleen : it 's not a story , but God 's honest truth ! granny tell I . mother react . rosaleen : and after that , the woman make the wolf come to sing to she and the baby at night . make they come and serenade she . mother : ( laugh ) but what pleasure could there be in that ? listen to a lot of wolf ! do not we have to do it all the time ? rosaleen : the pleasure would come . . . ext . wood - night the woman rock a cradle suspend from a tree branch . rosaleen : ( vo ) . . . from know the power that she have . Music . wolf be hear howling in the distance . track back as the woman laugh triumphantly . closeup of the baby in the cradle , the woman 's hand fondle it . stormy cloud see through bare tree branch . wolf howl . the woman stand over the cradle , croon to it . ext . wood - night leave fall in autumnal mist . villager crouch din the tree , wait . the duck quack . Thunder . a huge wolf lope along the path . boy daddy - ! the smith clap he hand over the boy 's mouth . the wolf approach . the duck on the path , the wolf in b.g. a villager level he rifle . the wolf sniff the air , its eye glow . closeup of the duck quacking nervously . the wolf crouch . zoom in on the duck . low angle slow motion shot of the wolf spring . the wolf crash down into the conceal pit . the duck fly off in terror . the smith release the boy and rush forward . the villager lower he rifle and run forward . villager hold flame torch crowd around the pit . they fire they gun into it repeatedly , smoking rise . flash shot of the wolf 's head look up . the villager fire relentlessly . the boy peer down into the pit from between he father 's leg , flatten as he father fire he pistol down into the pit . the boy look up as the fire cease . gunsmoke rise silently from the pit . the villager bring they torch closer . int . house - night father enter and throw he rifle down into the corner . mother rush to close the door after he . mother : ( cross herself ) praise be to God ! father sit heavily at the table and hold up something wrap in a cloth . father : when I cut it off the carcass for a trophy it be the forepaw . . . the forepaw of the biggest wolf I ever see . mother back away and go to rosaleen . mother : the wolf that kill we Alice ? father : aye , may be . he put the bundle on the table . mother and rosaleen stare at it . father : when I cut it with the knife it be a forepaw , I swear , of a grizzle giant wolf . . . and then before my very eye . . . he unwrap the bundle . mother gasp and clutches rosaleen . it be a severe man 's hand , with a large ring on one finger . rosaleen : whose be it , daddy ? be it someone you know ? father : what do I know whose hand it be ! all I know be what I see . mother : get it out ! rosaleen : be it a man or a wolf you kill ? father : when I kill it it be a wolf , and it turn into a man . see be believe . rosaleen : be it ? what about - touch ? she move calmly to the table and reach out to the severe hand . mother seize she and drag she away . mother : get it out ! father : whatever it be , now it 's dead meat ! mother turn she face away . rosaleen : do we bury it or burn it , daddy ? father stare at she , leap up and fling the hand into the fire . close shot of it burn . they all stare at it . rosaleen move forward , bend down to look at it . closeup of the hand burn in the fireplace . closeup of rosaleen stare at it . closeup of the hand burn . int . rosaleen' bedroom rosaleen asleep , tear stream down she face , blur she makeup . a tear fall and hit the floor , splash into hundred of tiny droplet . musical chord . the sailor doll against the blow window curtain . another tear splash , and another . musical chord . harlequin doll , motionless . Three more tear splash to the floor . musical chord . rosaleen asleep , toss restlessly . ext . village - winter morning snow on the ground . the smith work the bellow of he forge . the smith take a glow horseshoe out of the forge with long tong and carry it right to the anvil , where the boy stand wait to steady it with another set of tong . smith hammer at the horseshoe while we see rosaleen emerge from the cottage in b.g. , wear a apron ; the boy look up and see she . she bend down to throw grain to the geese , then go back inside . the boy use he tong to dip the horseshoe into a bucket of water ; steam hiss up . he hold up the horseshoe and examine it critically , look o.s. after rosaleen and smile . int . cottage ms of mother and rosaleen , rosaleen now wear she red wool shawl ; mother be pack a basket of food . mother : you be besotted with that old lady , and she old wife ' tale . maybe you should not go . rosaleen : daddy kill the great wolf . I will be safe in the forest now , mummy . mother : mind you do not stray - and take something to protect yourself with . rosaleen pick up a long sharp carve knife . rosaleen : how about a knife ? mother : you be not afraid of anything , be you ? you be a fearless child , I will say that . I suppose you granny will ask you to stay the night . you always be she favorite . rosaleen : of course I will stay the night if she ask I - it would be rude not to . she be my grandmother , and she may not have a kind word for you , but she 's always be good to I . she 's all alone out there , mummy . mother take down a black stoppere bottle . mother : maybe you be right and maybe you be not . ( put bottle into basket ) give she that from I . and do not stray now , rosaleen ! I trust you . you will not be lucky twice . mother open the door and rosaleen go out , carry the basket . ext . village - day the boy stand by the smithy whittling at a stick with he pocket knife . he duck out of sight as rosaleen emerge from she house in b.g. , and dodge round behind the smith to see where she be head . he take a few last cut at he stick , then hurry after she , dodging past man push heavy cart . rosaleen walk along the snowy path , past a large white rabbit . she walk past man push heavy mine cart fill with ore . the boy run after she . boy rosaleen ! she stop and turn as he run up . boy where be you go ? rosaleen : to see my granny . boy : it 's a long way through the wood ! let I come with you - you would be safe with I ! rosaleen : ( scornfully ) go into the wood with you ? after what happen last time ? boy ( brandish he knife ) I will protect you ! rosaleen smile and produce she own , larger knife . rosaleen : no . I have get this to protect I . she brushes past he and run off . , he try to follow but he path be block by man push cart . ext . wood - day rosaleen push on . camera linger momentarily on the snake in b.g. closeup of a large toad atop a snow - cover rock . rosaleen crouch down beside it . the toad leap away abruptly . rosaleen look up in alarm , reach for she knife , stand up warily . she back up , spin around . her Pov : a bird fly off through the wood . rosaleen back up in the other direction - directly into the huntsman stand smile behind she . she whirl round in fright . he doff he hat to she with exaggerated courtesy , speak with a distinct Continental accent . huntsman : miss ? rosaleen : where do you spring from ? huntsman : do I scare you ? I be sorry . rosaleen : at least you have you clothes on . huntsman , be you ? lose you horse ? huntsman : lose my horse and lose my companion , young lady . rosaleen : and lose you way too . huntsman : I do believe I just find it . she back away . huntsman : I say , do you think you could spare I a drink out of that ? rosaleen : it 's for my granny . huntsman : I know the very place up the way for a picnic ! he take the basket from she , offer she he arm , and lead the way . closeup of the toad on the snow . ext . clearing - day the huntsman and rosaleen sit in the shelter of a few large tree , where the snow be not so deep . huntsman : I have the most remarkable object in my pocket . that mean I never lose my way in the wood . rosaleen : in you pocket , you say ? huntsman : this object go everywhere with I - that be , whenever I wear my trousers . rosaleen hand he a crisp cake . he bite into it hungrily . huntsman : umm. ( hold it out to she ) go on , bite it . she lean forward ; he retract he hand put the cake into he mouth , extend it to she . she nibble tentatively from the protrude end and then back quickly away . he smile , uncork the bottle , swig from it . rosaleen : do not you know how strong that stuff be ? a man in we village keep a still - he 's the reddest nose you ever see . he tell lie , too . like you . I do not believe there be such a thing . the huntsman spring to he foot . huntsman : see be believe . he take something out from he trousers pocket , kneel down beside rosaleen and hold it out to she . she look . he open it : a pocket compass . huntsman : the little needle always point north , no matter where I go , so I always know exactly where I be . rosaleen take the compass and examine it . rosaleen : I do not believe it , even though I see it . huntsman : it be this compass that bring I safe through the wood . rosaleen : but you lose you way in the wood . huntsman : ( caress she hair ) but I find you . be you sorry ? rosaleen : I be not sorry . they be clown , the village boy . huntsman : well , then . rosaleen : but do not you know you should never leave the path ? huntsman : I just get onto the path . I be perfectly safe before . rosaleen : be not you afraid of the wolf ? huntsman : why should I be frighten of wolf ? rosaleen : you must know the worse wolf be hairy on the inside . he leap to he foot in indignation . huntsman : Old wife ' tale ! peasant superstition ! what , a bright young girl - pretty , intelligent girl like you believe in werewolve ! rosaleen : but my granny say that - huntsman : for believe in old wife ' tale , you deserve . . . to be punish ! he seize rosaleen and kiss she , roll she onto the ground . she laugh . huntsman : I will show you I be not afraid of the wolf , rosaleen . I will make a bet with you . I will bet you anything you like that I get to you granny 's house before you do . rosaleen : how ? huntsman : I will use my compass to help I cross the country while you trudge along the dreary path ! rosaleen : Bet I you compass . huntsman : Bet I you heart 's desire . rosaleen : and if I lose ? huntsman : you can give I . . . a kiss ! they sit up . huntsman : here - take my hat as a token of good will . wear it , until we meet again . he put it on she head , get up and go without another word . rosaleen look at herself in she hand mirror , the hat perch jauntily atop she head . she get up and hurry along the path . closeup of the hand mirror abandon in the snow , with a large raven stand beside it . dissolve to : ext . granny' cottage - night snow fall . Owls hoot . the huntsman move rapidly and surely through the wood . he approach the cottage , go through the gate . he pause , put he hand to the game dangle from he belt , put a finger to he mouth - leave a smear of blood on he lip . drop of blood fall onto the snow at he foot . he move on towards the cottage , he eye aflame . int . granny' cottage - night granny sit doze over the Bible in she rock chair before the fire . a heavy knock on the door . granny ( rouse ) who be it ? huntsman : ( os ; falsetto ) only you granddaughter . granny lift up the latch and walk in . closeup of granny : we see the door reflect in she eyeglass as the door open and the huntsman enter . granny God save we ! her ermine lift its head and hiss ; the huntsman whirl round in surprise . granny stagger to she foot , hold she Bible in front of she like a shield . granny get you back to Hell from which you come ! huntsman : I do not come from Hell . I come from the forest . granny what have you do with my granddaughter ? huntsman : nothing she do not want ! she hurl the Bible at he . he duck . it fall open against the far wall . she grab he gun and knock he onto the floor with it . he howl in pain and fright . she look down at he . he turn he head , extend a impossibly long tongue . she recoil in horror . she turn and seize the poker out of the fire , swinging it at he with all she strength as he bound to he foot . he grab the red-hot end of the poker and scream in pain . he drop it , extend he smoking palm . he turn and aim a blow at she . the blow knock she head off . the severe head fly through the air ( slow motion ) . he stare at it . slow motion : granny 's head strike the wall and shatter into china fragment and float grey hair . ext . granny' cottage - night rosaleen approach through the fall snow . int . granny' cottage extreme closeup of the huntsman 's yellow eye as he rock back and forth in granny 's chair by the fire . ext . granny' cottage rosaleen approach the gate . int . granny' cottage the huntsman rock in the chair . extreme closeup of he yellow eye as he rock slower and slower . . . ext . granny' cottage rosaleen look up at the sky . a wolf howl in the distance . she pov : a full moon . the huntsman 's eye dissolves in over the moon . more wolf howl . int . granny' cottage extreme closeup of the huntsman 's eye as the rock chair slow and come to a stop . ext . granny' cottage rosaleen look up at the moon ; she look down at she foot . she pov : the blood on the snow . she move on hurriedly towards the cottage . int . granny' cottage the door see past the huntsman in the chair . a knock . huntsman : ( falsetto ) who 's there ? rosaleen : ( os ) only you granddaughter . huntsman : ( falsetto ) lift up the latch and walk in . rosaleen enter and stare at the huntsman . rosaleen : so . you get here before I just as you say you would . huntsman : I do . rosaleen : where 's my granny ? huntsman : go out to the woodpile , to fetch more log . rosaleen : a real gentleman would never let a old lady go out , not on a night like this . huntsman : she will not be long . rosaleen go to the window and pull back the curtain . rosaleen : she 's not there . she turn and look at he , then dart for the door , but he leap up into she path . she back away from he . her heel come down onto granny 's glass , smash they . she look down at they , then across at the fireplace . she pov : grey hair burn in the grate . rosaleen : be that all you leave of she ? you kind can not stomach hair , can you - even if the worst wolf be hairy on the inside ! huntsman : what do you know about my kind ? rosaleen : ( grop behind she ) my granny tell I plenty ! her hand find the knife in the basket behind she . she brandish it , and he leap forward to seize it . huntsman : be you very much afraid ? rosaleen : it would not do I much good to be afraid , would it ? he force she down onto she knee on the floor . rosaleen : what big eye you have ! huntsman : all the better to see you with . rosaleen : they say see be believe , but I would never swear to it . huntsman : you must be wet through . why do not you take off you shawl ? she shudder . he gently unty it , pull she to she foot and remove the shawl . rosaleen : what should I do with it ? huntsman : into the fire with it - you will not need it again . she kneel down and put it into the fire . rosaleen : you kind can not stomach clothes either . closeup of the red shawl burn . wolf howl outside . she look up . rosaleen : who 's come to sing we carol then ? huntsman : only my companion , darling . I love the company of wolf . look out of the window and you will see they . he sink back grin into the rock chair . rosaleen go back to the window and look out . rosaleen : poor creature . it 's freezing cold out there , no wonder they howl so . ext . granny' cottage she pov : wolf on the stone wall outside , they eye glow . int . granny' cottage huntsman : be you sorry for they ? rosaleen : yes . and for you too ! she seize he rifle from where it be lean against the wall and level it at he . he leap to he foot . huntsman : you be a bold fearless girl , be not you ? and now you must give I back my gun , my dear . he move towards she . she shake she head and fire . a ornament on the shelf shatter into fragment . he fall to the floor , howling in fear . he look up at she . rosaleen : be you we kind , or they kind ? huntsman : not one kind or the other . both . rosaleen : then where do you live ? in we world , or in theirs ? huntsman : I come and go between they . my home be nowhere . rosaleen : be you only a man when you dress that way - like granny say ? he look down , unbutton he shirt and pull it off , spread he bare arm . rosaleen : my , what big arm you have . huntsman : the better to hug you with . he rise and approach she slowly . rosaleen : well . . . perhaps . . . you do win you bet , do not you - you gentleman , you fine gentleman . they say the Prince of darkness be a gentleman . they be right . a fine gentleman . huntsman : ( smile ) gentlemen always keep they promise . do lady keep they promise ? indeed I win my bet . so now , you owe I . . . rosaleen : I remember . huntsman : . . . a kiss . will you be honourable and pay I , or not ? he slowly take she face into he hand and kiss she . she suddenly push he away ; he stumble to the floor . rosaleen : Jesus , what big tooth you have ! huntsman : all the better to eat you with . rosaleen seize the rifle and fire at he . he clutches he shoulder and fall howling to the floor . he rock back and forth , howling . his back heave . his long tongue emerge . Hair sprout along he heaving back . rosaleen back away . he scream . his face split open and a wolf 's head emerge from within . his back split to let the wolf 's body emerge . ext . granny' cottage the full moon in the sky . the wolf on the wall howling . int . granny' cottage pan up from the fire to rosaleen 's face where she stand against the wall . rosaleen : I be sorry . we hear the sound of the wolf whining . rosaleen : I never know a wolf could cry . she move to the grey wolf sit on the hearth and hug it . ext . granny' cottage the wolf leap down from the wall and disperse into the night . int . cottage rosaleen cradle the wolf tenderly . rosaleen : leave you , be they ? you will be all alone . I will tell you a story of a wounded wolf . . . dissolve to : ext . village - night track in on the well . wind blow . pigeon erupt into the shot . rosaleen ( vo ) once upon a time . . . the well mechanism , cog turn . rosaleen ( vo ) . . . when the village be asleep . . . the edge of the well : a wolf appear over the lip , its eye glow in the dark . it lift its muzzle exploratorily , look into the camera . rosaleen ( vo ) . . . a she -wolf come , from the world below to the world above . a cottage window , which light up as someone inside approach the window hold a candle . the wolf on the well lift its head in response to a distant howling , and howl back . it lower its head and jump down out of shot . Wolf move away from the well uncertainly . it look about . it trot away from the village towards the bridge . rosaleen ( vo ) she mean no harm . . . the wolf on the bridge , the church spire visible in b.g. rosaleen ( vo ) . . . to anyone , but someone mean harm to she . Cottage door open ; pan down to reveal a man hold a rifle . he fire . closeup as the bullet strike the wolf 's leg . it wheel around , yelping with pain . it flee over the bridge towards the church , whining . ext . wood - night the she-wolf limp through the underbrush , panting in pain . rosaleen ( vo ) so she run . . . and she run . . . ext . churchyard - night rosaleen ( vo ) . . . and she run again . . . the wolf limp up the stone step lead to the rectory . the wolf hesitates , she eye glow . closeup of light shine out from beneath the door . the wolf lower she head and whimper . she limp further up the step to the door . she wheel and run back down as the door open and the old priest emerge . he look out into the misty churchyard . old priest who 's there ? who 's there ? the wolf look out from behind a tombstone . the old priest come down the step slowly ; camera pan right to reveal the wolf girl crouching down where the wolf be previously . she be naked , she body hide by she long black hair , hold out she arm in supplication . the old priest recoil in alarm . old priest this be holy ground ! the wolf girl hold out she arm . the old priest extend he arm . they hand meet . old priest can you speak ? he kneel down beside she . her face be streak with tear . old priest be you God 's work , or the Devil 's ? ( she look away ) oh , what do I care whose work you be . . . he take she wounded arm and wrap a cloth around it . old priest . . . you poor , speechless creature ? he smile reassuringly at she as he wrap the bandage tightly . he put one hand to she wet cheek . old priest it will heal . . . in time . he hold she , stroking she hair gently . camera pan away amongst the tombstone . rosaleen : ( vo ) and the wound do heal . . . the wolf girl 's tear-stain face . rosaleen ( vo ) . . . for she be just a girl after all . . . insert : closeup of a white rise in full bloom . rosaleen ( vo ) . . . who have stray from the path in the forest . . . slowly the rise open and turn deep red . closeup of the wolf girl weep . rosaleen ( vo ) . . . and remember what she would find there . insert : the rise turn completely red as it open fully . ext . wood - night the wolf girl move slowly through the underbrush . the village with the church spire in b.g. rosaleen ( vo ) so back through the forest she run and run . . . the wolf girl creep across the bridge , she long hair hide she naked form . she move across the bridge . she approach the well . rosaleen ( vo ) . . . to the well , and the village , from whence she come . . . she approach the well cautiously , then climb up onto the lip . she slowly lower herself down into the well . rosaleen ( vo ) she creep inside , to the world below . . . close shot of the wolf girl 's spread hand disappear over the lip of the well . dissolve to : int . granny' cottage - night rosaleen on the hearth petting the docile wolf . rosaleen : and that 's all I will tell you , because that 's all I know . the wolf lick she hand and face . ext . granny' cottage - night the full moon in the winter sky . ext . wood - morning the boy lead the armed villager along the path towards granny 's cottage . boy : rosaleen ! rosaleen ! mother and father lead the way to the cottage . slow motion : the front window shatter as the wolf leap through it . mother turn to watch it escape , glance back at father , go to the front door . she push it open , to reveal a silver wolf wait calmly within . mother walk forward slowly . the wolf look up at she . mother stare . around the wolf 's neck hang rosaleen 's rosary , the silver cross dangle between the wolf 's front paw . father rush in and aim he rifle . mother : ( scream ) no ! she knock the rifle up as father fire . the blast blow a hole in the cottage roof . the wolf turn and leap through the shattered window . mother and father watch it go . ext . granny' cottage the wolf bound over the low stone wall towards the wood . the villager react . mother lean out of the shattered window , scream . mother : no ! do not shoot ! boy : ( desperately ) rosaleen ! ext . wood - day the two wolf run together through the wood . they leap over the doll 's house in the path . they leap over the life size sailor doll lie face down on the path . they leap over the life size teddy bear , knock its head off . int . rosaleen' room camera track around rosaleen lie curl asleep on the bed , cradling the hand mirror . ext . wood the entire pack of wolf rush up the path . int . house the wolf rush through dusty corridor full of discard furniture and victoriana . closeup of a old oil portrait in a heavy frame ; in slow motion a wolf burst through the painting and into the room . more wolf follow through the picture frame . they rush up a staircase towards the attic . they rush down the corridor and mill outside rosaleen 's room . int . rosaleen' room rosaleen sit up in alarm . int . corridor the wolf outside she door . int . rosaleen' room rosaleen clutches the cover up around she . she look towards the window , panting with fear . the window , its sill laden with old toy and book ; in slow motion a single wolf crash through the glass pane into the room . rosaleen scream . close shot of she scream in terror . the wolf come through the window in slow motion . toy and fragment of glass cascade in slow motion onto the floor and shatter . rosaleen ( vo ) : Little girl , this seem to say : never stop upon you way ; never trust a stranger friend no one know how it will end . as you be pretty , so be wise wolf may lurk in every guise now , as then , 'tis simple truth : sweetest tongue hide sharpest tooth . music and credit ( function ( i , 's , of , g , be , a , m ) { i [ ' googleanalyticsobject '] =r ; i [ be ] = i [ be ]||function ( ) { ( i [ be ].q= i [ be ].q| | [ ] ) .push ( argument ) } , i [ r].l=1*new date ( ) ; a=s.createElement ( of ) , m=s.getelementsbytagname ( of ) [ 0 ] ;a.async=1;a.src=g;m.parentnode.insertbefore ( a , m ) } ) ( window , document , ' script ' , '//www.google-analytics.com/analytics.js','ga'); ga ( 'create ' , ' ua-67290913 - 1 ' , ' auto ' ) ; ga ( ' send ' , ' pageview ' ) ;