the queen written by Peter Morgan 1. archive television footage it 's Election Day 1997 . up and down the country , the people of britain , people of all shape and size and denomination , black and white , young and old , be go to the poll . everyone , that be , except the people that live in ... ext . buckingham palace - day the most instantly recognisable Palace in the world . the Royal Standard , ( the flag of heraldic lion and symbolic harp - string that signal the monarch 's presence ) , flutter on the roof . int . buckingham palace - chinese room day we be in a state room at Buckingham Palace . a tv play in the corner .. commentary ..here 's tony Blair , just 43 year old , arrive at the polling station of he constituency in sedgefield .. " queen elizabeth ii , wear formal robe of the garter , be pose for a official portrait by a elderly black portrait artist , ( representative , one assume , of one of the many charity of which she be patron ) .. elizabeth have you vote yet , Mr Crawford ? artist ( proudly dabbing palette ) yes , ma'am . I be there when they open . first in line . Seven o'clock . commentary if he win , he will be the youngest Prime Minister in almost two hundred year .. " he straighten .. artist and I do not mind tell you , it be not for Mr Blair . elizabeth not a moderniser , then ? artist certainly not . we be in danger of lose too much that 's good about this country as it be . tv commentary " the only question that still remain : how big will he landslide be ? and how extensive , how sweeping will the modernisation programme be that he usher in ? " elizabeth hmm . the queen watch as he paint .. elizabeth I rather envy you be able to vote . ( a beat ) not the actual tick of the box , although , I suppose , it would be nice to experience that once . ( a beat ) but the sheer joy of be partial . artist yes .. the artist squint as he scrutinise the canvass .. artist one forget that as sovereign , you be not entitle to vote . elizabeth no . artist still , you will not catch I feel sorry for you . you might not be allow to vote , ma'am .. ( a beat ) but it be you government . elizabeth yes . the queen raise she eyebrow .. elizabeth I suppose that be some consolation . fade to black : 3. int . buckingham palace - queen' bedroom - day the queen 's face . fast asleep . it 's shortly before 8.00 be . daylight filter through the curtain . as do something else .. the stir sound of bagpipe .. ext . buckingham palace - inner courtyard - day the inner courtyard of Buckingham Palace . in a ritual unchange since Queen Victoria , a uniform piper , wear a kilt of ancient hunting Stuart tartan , march under she majesty 's window , play the bagpipe . t's she morning alarm call , and it 's the way she wake up wherever she be - anywhere in the world . int . buckingham palace - queen' bedroom - day darkness . a soft knock at the door . ( the strain of bagpipe can still be hear from below ) . her majesty 's dresser stick she head round the corner , with a call tray of Earl grey tea and the newspaper . maid g'morn , ma'am . the dresser put the tea and newspaper on a bedside table . dresser shall I draw the curtain ? the queen 's sleepy voice answer ..` please ' . the dresser go to the window . elizabeth ( o.s ) do you stay up ? dresser yes , ma'am . elizabeth ( o.s ) and ? be it as expect ..? the queen 's hand reach for spectacle , then for the newspaper . she put on she glass . resser yes , ma'am . Mr Blair , by a landslide . the queen 's expression change .. 4. elizabeth I see . she lift the newspaper up . the front page come into sharp focus . full frame : the beam smile of tony blair , the new Prime Minister . the queen stare back . they eye meet - as it be . headline tell we .. " it's blair ! " , " landslide victory for blair " . int . buckingham palace - breakfast room - day the queen sit at breakfast . reading the newspaper . dog under the table . a knock on the door , and robin janvrin , ( 40' ) , she deputy private Secretary , pop around .. janvrin the Prime Minister be on he way , ma'am . elizabeth to be , Robin . ( correct , terse ) Prime Minister to be . the queen frostily flick a page , without look up .. elizabeth ( cont would ) he have not ask my permission yet . int . buckingham palace - corridor - day the queen and janvrin walk through a corridor of the Palace . it have the air of a grand hotel . chintz . flock . Long , gild mirror . portrait on the wall .. elizabeth he 's a hard one to read , be not he ? janvrin yes . on the one hand he background be quite establishment . Father a Conservative . a public school education at fettes , where he be tutore by the same man as the Prince of Wale . elizabeth well , we will try not to hold that against he . 5 . janvrin on the other , he manifesto promise the most radical modernisation and shake - up of the constitution in three hundred year . elizabeth oh . be he go to `modernise ' we , do you think ? janvrin I would not put it past he . he 's marry to a woman with know anti- monarchist sympathy - you may remember she curtsey the first time you meet . it could best be describe as `shallow ' . elizabeth I do not measure the depth of a curtsey , Robin . I leave that to my sister . janvrin and I speak to the cabinet Secretary who say he be expect the atmosphere at down Street to be very informal . everyone on first name term . ( a beat ) at the Prime Minister 's insistence . elizabeth what ? as in ` call I tony ? ' janvrin yes . the queen 's face pucker in distaste .. elizabeth oh . I be not sure I like the sound of that . ( a beat ) have we send he a protocol sheet ? ext . mall - day archive footage : as tony blair 's motorcade drive down the mall . ext . buckingham palace - day the motorcade sweep into the grand , inner quadrangle of Buckingham Palace , and stop at the King 's door . 6 . int . car - day Three secret service bodyguard leap out and open the car door . tony look out at the palace .. tony funny , I be actually rather nervous . herie hy ? you have meet she often enough before . tony I know . but never one to one . and never as Prime Minister . cherie remember , you be a man that 's just be elect by the whole country . T tony yes . but she 's still , y'know .. tony look up at the vast palace in front of he .. tony the Queen . int . buckingham palace - corridor / staircase - day a uniform equerry lead tony and cherie through corridor , and up a grand staircase .. equerry when we reach the audience room , I will knock . we will not wait to be call , we will go straight inside . stand by the door , we bow . from the neck . I will introduce you . the Queen will extend she hand , you go to she , bow again , then shake she hand . tony shoot he cuff , ` right ' , clear he throat . querry ( cont would ) couple of other thing . it 's ` ma'am ' as in ham , not ma'am as in farm . tony yes .. equerry and when you be in the presence , at no point must you show you back . 7. tony the ` presence ' ? equerry yes , Sir . that 's what it 's call , when you be in she majesty 's company . tony turn , shoot a look at cherie , who stick she finger down she throat . tony smile back .. the equerry reach a grand door , and knock gently . without wait for a reply , he enter .. cherie be leave in the corridor . alone . she stare at a livery footman . he stare back . no life behind he eye . cherie take a seat on a chair . eye widen to herself . int . buckingham palace - audience room - day tony and the equerry enter , and gently bow they head . the equerry then straighten , and announce .. equerry Mr Blair , you majesty . the queen extend she hand . tony walk forward , and shake it . the equerry leave . the door be then close . elizabeth ongratulation . tony thank you , ma'am . elizabeth you child must be very proud . tony I hope so . elizabeth you have three , have not you ? tony that 's right . elizabeth how lovely . such a bless . Children . the queen and tony take they seat .. elizabeth so.. have we show you how to start a nuclear war yet ? 8. tony ( throw ) no . elizabeth first thing we do , I believe . a beat ) then we take you passport and spend the rest of the time send you around the world . tony you obviously know my job better than I do . elizabeth well , you be my tenth Prime Minister , Mr Blair . I would like to think there be not too many surprise leave . my first be Winston churchill . he sit in you chair , in frock coat and top hat , and be kind enough to give a shy T young girl like I quite a education . tony I can imagine . elizabeth ith time , one have hopefully add experience to that education , and a little wisdom - better enable we to execute we constitutional responsibility . ( a point addition ) to advise , guide and warn the government of the day . tony advice which I look forward to receive . elizabeth ell , we will save that for we weekly meeting . a beat ) now , if there 's nothing else , I believe we have some business to attend to .. tony stare , then click .. tony of course .. he fall , rather extravagantly , on bend knee . the supplicant position of deference ... 9 . tony you majesty , the country have speak ... and I come now to ask you permiss .. E elizabeth ( interject ) no , no , no . it 's usual for I to ask the question . tony wince . wish the ground would swallow he up . elizabeth Mr Blair , the people have elect you to be they leader . and so the duty fall on I , as you sovereign , to ask you to become Prime Minister , and form a government in my name . tony stare . lose for word . then .. elizabeth generally , this be where you say `ye . ' tony ` yes ' . the queen extend she hand , which tony kiss . she withdraw it again - quite sharply , then discreetly presses a buzzer by she chair indicate the ceremony be over . the equerry open a door , and cherie be invite inside . elizabeth ( cont would ) how nice to see you again , Mrs Blair . herie curtsey awkwardly , reluctantly , shallowly .. elizabeth ( cont would ) you must be very proud . herie yes . elizabeth and exhaust , I imagine . where will you be spend the summer ? cherie France . elizabeth how lovely . tony ou will be in balmoral , I expect . 10 . elizabeth yes , I can hardly wait . wonderful place . the queen indicate a portrait of queen victoria .. elizabeth my great , great grandmother say of it - " in balmoral all seem to breathe freedom and peace and to make one forget the world and its sad turmoil . " t that moment , the door open , and janvrin enter , and whisper urgently in the queen 's ear . the queen 's face change as she listen . elizabeth ( cont would ) really ..? her expression change . she frostily turn to the blair .. elizabeth ( cont would ) I be afraid we be go to have to leave it there . with that the queen shake tony 's hand . tony and cherie awkwardly back out of the royal presence , leave the queen and janvrin . elizabeth not too short , be it ? I give he fifteen minute . ( a beat ) one do not want to be rude . int . buckingham palace - corridor - day tony and cherie walk down a corridor . cherie whisper under she breath .. cherie ( mimic queen 's manner ) " thank you so much for come . now bugger off . " tony I know . what be all that about ? cherie diana . apparently she 's get a new boyfriend . 11 . archive television news footage of princess diana walk hand in hand with a dark - haire man in he late thirty .. CNN newsreader dodi Al - fay be the son of egyptian millionaire Mohammed Al - fay , a man whom the English establishment have repeatedly deny a british passport .. television news footage diana and dodi kissing and canoodle on board the yacht ` jonikal ' .. german newsreader the princess and Mr fay be hugging and kissing in full view of the world 's press yesterday .. elevision news footage diana and dodi on the yacht on they last holiday together .. french newsreader .. the couple then leave for Paris . at one point , the princess tell gather reporter to watch out . her next move would really surprise they ... CUT to : ext . ritz HOTEL - night paparazzi be assemble outside the hotel . a few spectator too . caption : " ritz HOTEL , paris . 31 august , 1997 " . various news reporter be also broadcasting ... rench reporter ( in french ) .. the princess of Wale and dodi fay return to Paris earlier today .. erman reporter .. where they visit a local jewellery shop where unconfirm report suggest Mr fay have be look at engagement ring .. 12 . int . ritz HOTEL - night cctv footage : the unmistakable blonde hair of the princess of wale as she enter the ritz Hotel through revolve door . axt . ritz HOTEL - night german reporter continue .. german reporter ( in german ) ... they have now be inside the hotel for more than two hour . we believe they have be dining in a suite on the fifth floor .. presently a ripple of activity : doormen furtively speak into walkie-talky . grow anticipation in the crowd .. a american reporter turn to he camera .. american reporter we have just be tell the princess be about to come out of the hotel .. paparazzi jostle roughly for position , and raise they camera as the door open , and a black mercede slide into position . int . ritz HOTEL - same time elsewhere in the hotel .. the real diana , she bodyguard , dodi faye , and henri paul leave the public part of the hotel , and walk down a flight of stair .. ext . ritz HOTEL - front entrance - night pandemonium break out as bodyguard emerge from the hotel . engine roar into life of the decoy black mercede . Doors slam . the crowd surge . a explosion of flashlight . tyre burn . the squeal of rubber as the mercede pull off . swarm of paparazzi give chase , kick -start they motorcycle , speak into cell - phone to they colleague .. 13 . int . ritz HOTEL - same time the real royal party , meanwhile , walk briskly through a underground corridor which lead to the back door of the hotel .. ext . ritz HOTEL - back exit - same time paparazzi who be wait at the back exit , speak to they colleague on they cell phone , and be about to jump on they motorcycle to join they in the chase , when suddenly .. henri paul , princess diana , she bodyguard and dodi faye emerge from a door , and climb into a wait mercede . henri paul turn to the paparazzi .. paul ( in french , we see sub - title ) do not bother follow . you will not catch we . the engine start with a roar . the paparazzi double -take , and frantically shout into they phone to they colleague . ` wait ! they have come out at the back . ' ext / int . mercede limousine - night the mercede pull up at a traffic light . all around they : the glare of paparazzi motorcycle and camera flashbulb around the car . the paparazzi call out in french and italian . they thump the window . it 's terrifying . a explosion of flash light . pop flashbulb . the traffic light turn amber . dodi bark at the driver .. the driver , a short squat man in glass , ( we do not see he face ) , slam he foot down . ext . expressway - night the car roar ahead , then speed down into a tunnel , follow by the paparazzi motorcycle . fade to black : ext . balmoral castle - night the Scottish highlands . to establish . 14 . the silhouette of a magnificent ten year old stag stand on a rock , and roar into the night . int . craigowen lodge - night ` rrrrrrrinnnnggg ' , the phone ring .. a silhouette fumble for a light switch , and hit the light . we immediately recognise the face . it 's janvrin , the Queen 's deputy private Secretary . janvrin ( into phone ) Robin janvrin . he listen , then he expression change . anvrin ( cont would ) what ? he check the clock on the bedside table , waking rapidly now . deadly serious .. anvrin ( cont would ) right . I see . janvrin hang up . then urgently dial a number on the telephone .. int . craigowen lodge - night janvrin ( cont would ) I be go to need to speak to she majesty . right away . ext . balmoral estate - night till pull on clothes , janvrin rush on foot towards the big house in the distance . light go on all over the darken castle . not . balmoral - staircase . night anvrin and a middle - age dresser , ( half -asleep and still rearranging she uniform ) , walk urgently up the stair towards the second floor corridor where the queen 's bedroom be locate . they pass a page on the way down .. janvrin tell Sir guy I would like everyone in . as soon as possible . the page nod . depart . 15 . int . queen' bedchamber - night a knock on the door . the door open , and the dresser 's voice gently call out .. dresser ma'am ? he queen stir in she bed .. dresser Mr janvrin be here to see you .. elizabeth oh .. the queen turn on the light . the duke of edinburgh flinch in irritation , scrunching he eye as they be blind .. prince philip what the ..? int . balmoral - corridor - night he queen emerge from she bedroom wear a old - fashioned dress - gown , and clutching a hottie , ( a velour - cover cosimax hot water bottle ) , to find robin janvrin wait .. janvrin good evening , ma'am . I be sorry to disturb .. he clear he throat .. janvrin I have just have a call from we embassy in Paris . it 's ... the princess of Wale . prince philip appear in the doorway . irritable . prince philip why ? what 's she do now ? int . myrobella - trimdon - tony's bedroom - night " rrrrrinng " , the phone ring . we be in tony blair 's constituency house in trimdon , near Durham in northern England . click ' , tony , in T-shirt , turn on the light . his face be crease with sleep . he blink .. 16 . tony what ? how badly ? the figure of cherie stir in the bed . groan . tony listen to the voice at the other end .. tony I see . who be we speak to there ? tony right. shell - shocked ) keep I post . tony hang up . cherie turn .. tony it 's diana . she 's be in a car accident . in Paris . cherie be it serious ? tony apparently dodi fay be dead . cherie what ? cherie 's face . visibly shocked . tony have switch on the tv in the bedroom . newsreader let 's just re-cap on what 's happen . int . balmoral - sitting room - night he queen be sit with the duke of edinburgh . prince philip what be she do in Paris ? elizabeth ou know what she 's like . the queen flick channel , peer over she glass , try to catch the latest news on the television .. at that moment charle enter the room . his face ravage with concern . it 's the first time the queen have see he since news of the crisis .. 17 . elizabeth it 's quite awful ... ( want to console charle but find it easier to say .. ) what be you go to do about the boy ? a awkward moment . stifled .. charle let they sleep until we know more . elizabeth yes that 's sensible . charle I should go to Paris . I tell my people to start organise a jet . elizabeth what ? a private one ? harle yes . elizabeth be not that precisely the sort of extravagance they attack we for ? charle ell , how else be I go to get to Paris at this time of night ? the airport at Aberdeen will be close . presently , a voice from behind .. queen mother you can use the Royal Flight . they keep one of the plane on permanent stand - by. deadpan ) in case I kick the bucket . elizabeth out of the question . it 's not a matter of State . harle what be you talk about ? elizabeth diana be no longer a hrh , nor a member of the Royal family . this be a private matter . 18. charle she 's mother to you grandchild . the queen mother sit on the sofa next to prince philip .. queen mother that 's the latest ? prince philip I do not know . I can not hear .. ( indicate television ) everyone 's shouting ! charle stare in disbelief . exit the room .. int . balmoral - janvrine office - night television play in the corner .. television .. behind I , be the tunnel of the pont de l' alma , which you reach by the expressway along the seine . it be along here that the mercede carry the princess .. anvrin 's secretary hand over the phone .. secretary the ambassador , in Paris . janvrin good evening , Sir . janvrin listen to what the person be say at the other end . his expression change .. janvrin right. ashen - face ) I see . not . balmoral - 1st floor corridor - night a ashen - face janvrin walk along the corridor , reach the room where the royal family be watch television . e clear he throat , knock on the door .. int . balmoral - large sitting - room - night janvrin enter . 19 . janvrin I have just speak to we ambassador in Paris , ma'am . will head turn to face he .. janvrin ( cont would ) I be afraid it 's not good news . int . balmoral - charles' study - same time ( ayrshire ) prince charle 's face : he let out a strangle cry , as he hear the news .. charle no ! charle roar in pain and disbelief . his knuckle whiten .. charle no , no , no , no ..! in the doorway : stephen lamport , who have deliver the news , can hardly bear to watch .. int . balmoral - large sitting - room - night on tv : struggle in vain to hold onto he composure , a british newsreader relay the news , visibly in shock .. newsreader we have just have confirmation , that ( diana , princess of Wale .. voice crack ) ..has die in Paris . elizabeth , prince philip and the queen mother all stare . a tableau of shock . CNN anchor break the news to a worldwide audience .. CNN anchor " I be afraid we have some bad news to report .. " int . myrobella - night the CNN anchor continue on tv . no anchor " diana , princess of Wale , be dead . " tony blair be watch on tv , sit downstairs , have throw on some clothes . he speak on the phone .. 20 . tony what have I get on this week ? int . downing STREET - same time alastair campbell , Press Secretary to tony blair , be dress and already in down Street . also watch television . ( we intercut between the two location as necessary ) . alastair you be write you maiden Conference speech as Prime Minister . tony well , let 's cancel everything else . this be go to be massive . a beat ) I would better make a statement in the morning . alastair you will be pleased to know I have already start come up with idea . n campbell 's knee , a pad of paper . we pick out the word , " people 's princess . " T tony God , she 's only be dead a hour ! alastair would you prefer I do not do my job ? int . balmoral - children' corridor - night he queen 's face in close - up . her eye flicker as she watch something intently . e reverse angle to see : a half - open door . silhouettes inside . the sound of male voice . whisper . speak softly . it 's the moment the boy be be tell . we make out the silhouettes hugging . the sound of tear . Soft voice . charle repeatedly kissing he son . you camera stay on the queen 's face . a distant flicker of pain at the unrestrained intimacy and affection between they . presently , the door open , and a red-ey prince charle emerge . C 21 . charle they be go to go back to sleep . ( clear he throat , speak with difficulty ) well , try anyway . the queen go up to charle and stiffly , poignantly , try to touch he . but cannot . be unable . she withdraw she hand . charle ( read the message ) my private Secretary 's office have find a travel agency open in New York that will sell I a flight to Paris with a hour 's stop over in Manchester . charle contain himself with difficulty .. charle perhaps now you might consider whether it 's still a extravagance to bring back the mother of the future King of England in one of we plane ? elizabeth ( after a long pause ) all right . harle 's eye burn . he turn , and walk out . the queen be leave alone . she stare for a moment , then leave , pass a footman . elizabeth ( to footman ) I do not want the boy to see the news and get upset . first thing tomorrow morning , I want the radio take out of they bedroom , and the television take out of the nursery . the footman bow .. int . balmoral castle - queen' bedchamber - very early dawn the queen sit in bed , write she diary , in a bedchamber where the decor be unchange in a hundred year .. o utside , the sound of bird -song . the first ray of light . the duke of edinburgh stick he head around the corner . he look at the queen .. prince philip well , well , well . 22. elizabeth ye -es . prince philip be you all right ? a silence . prince philip ( cont would ) you sister call about a hour ago . from Tuscany . elizabeth hope you tell she to come back ? cut the holiday short ? prince philip I do . elizabeth raise she eyebrow .. elizabeth a not imagine she be pleased . prince philip that 's put it mildly . elizabeth what do she say ? philip smile to himself recalling margaret 's word .. prince philip something about diana manage to be even more annoying dead than alive . the queen look up .. elizabeth just make sure the boy never hear you talk like that . prince philip of course . philip produce a bottle of pill from he dress - gown pocket , and shake they .. prince philip ( cont would ) something to help you go down ? elizabeth no . I be go to do my diary a little longer . prince philip Fine . I will sleep next door . 23. philip touch she on the shoulder . but she do not reciprocate . he go . the queen appear to continue write , but we camera slowly turn to reveal she pen be not move . nor write . she 's stare in think . axt . myrobella - day victorian , red-brick house . in the driveway , the incongruous mix of a grey renault espace people - carrier and two police vehicle . in the modest garden : two armed police officer be play football with three young child .. int . trimdon - blair kitchen - day Inside the plain , unfashionably decorate house .. the tv play in the corner of the kitchen . cherie blair , visibly upset , watch tv while cooking breakfast . tony be not wear he newcastle shirt . tony be read out he statement which be write on a pad of paper , fill with crossing - out .. tony " .. that 's how she will remain . in we mind , we heart , forever . " ( look up ) ok , get it . int . downing STREET - same time . alastair campbell be in down Street , sit in a office , foot on a desk , stare at the tv .. alastair where will you do it ? tony I think at church . on the way in . on tv : break news : diana 's brother , earl spencer , make a statement from the gate outside he house in South Africa .. S pencer ( on tv ) ... this be not a time for recrimination , however I would say that I always believe that the press would kill she in the end . ( more ) 24 . spencer ( cont would ) but even I could not imagine that they would take such a direct hand in she death as seem to be the case . it would appear that every proprietor and editor of every publication that have pay for intrusive and exploitative photograph of she have blood on he hand today ... alastair not the press , mate . you have get the wrong villain . a aide appear in the doorway , catch tony 's eye , and indicate she watch .. tony I have get to go . alastair you about to speak to the Queen ? tony yes . alastair shoot a mischievous look .. alastair ask she if she grease the brake . tony now , now .. tony hang up , cross to the study , make sure the door be shut so he will not be disturb . we notice he shirt have no . 10 on the back , under the name , `blair ' . not . balmoral - dine room - day he queen , prince philip and the queen mother sit in silence at the table , eat breakfast , stoically listen to radio coverage , soberly flick through newspaper .. the queen be the only one who be fully dress , ( the other in bathrobe ) , and she wear black . she be read " the Sunday Times " . all around they the queen 's ( elderly ) maids perform the choreography of service as the radio coverage continue . one maid pour tea . another bring fresh toast . also present be the rather smarter valet and maid belong to the prince of wale , and he separate household . they have a separate , ( and more stylish ) , uniform of they own . T hey set charle 's place and he breakfast , ( nut , grain , healthy food ) . T 25 . a flamboyant napkin be fold into a elaborate fleur- du-lis , ( traditional symbol of the prince of wale ) . the queen turn to Charles 's valet .. a knock on the door , janvrin enter , and bow in respect to the queen .. janvrin I be sorry to disturb , ma'am , but I have the Prime Minister , for you . from he constituency . queen mother ( privately roll eye , without look up from newspaper ) lucky you . elizabeth thank you , Robin . I will take it next door . T he queen get to she foot and walk out into .. int . balmoral - first floor corridor - day the first - floor corridor . staff flatten themselves against the wall , averting they eye as .. the queen unexpectedly come out of the dining - room , walk along the corridor , and disappear into .. int . balmoral - queen' study - day the queen 's study . High ceiling , portrait , stag 's antler on the wall . the queen pick up the phone .. elizabeth ( cont would ) good morning , Prime Minister . int . trimdon - blair be study - day the contrast in surroundings could hardly be great . tony sit in a cramped room , surround by toy , in track suit , in a work - class house .. tony good morning , you majesty . May I say right away how very sorry I be - and that the thought and prayer of my family be with you at this terrible time and with the two prince in particular . 26 . elizabeth thank you . herie appear in the doorway . tony be it you intention to make some kind of appearance . or statement ? elizabeth certainly not . int . balmoral - queen' study - day the queen 's face , bristle at the suggestion . ( we intercut as necessary ) .. elizabeth no member of the Royal family will speak publicly about this . it be a private matter and we would all appreciate it if it could be respected as such . tony I see . tony straighten , take aback .. tony I do not suppose anyone have have time to think about the funeral yet ? elizabeth we have speak to the Spencer family , and it 's they wish .. ( a beat ) .. they express wish , that it should be a private funeral . with a memorial service to follow in a month , or so . tony right . tony shoot a look at cherie .. elizabeth give that diana be no longer a member of the Royal family we have no choice but to respect they wish . tony I see . tony shoot a look at cherie .. 27 . tony you do not feel that in view of she high profile and popularity .. ( choose he word carefully ) ... it might be a idea to pay tribute to she life and achievement ? ( a beat ) or even just to she as a mother ? the queen 's face freeze over . elizabeth as I say . that 's the spencer ' wish . tony ( cont would ) and the public , ma'am ? the british people ? tony hesitates .. tony you do not think a private funeral would be deny they a chance .. elizabeth hance to what ..? tony to share in the grief ? the queen 's face : do she hear right ? elizabeth it 's a family funeral , Mr. Blair . not a fairground attraction . ( a beat ) I think the princess have already pay a high enough price for exposure to the press , do not you ? prince philip enter , dress and ready for church . he indicate he watch .. elizabeth ( cont would ) now , if there be nothing else I must get on . the child have to be look after . tony of course . ` click ' , the queen hang up . tony stare at the receiver . tony ( cont would ) good bye , you majesty . 28 . he put down the phone ... tony her instinct be to do nothing . say nothing . and give she a private funeral . cherie be you surprised ? she hate she gut . tony well , I think it 's a mistake . tony 's face become dark .. tony they screw up she life . let 's hope they do not screw up she death . int . SALOON / hall - balmoral - day veryone be get ready to go to church . the queen and queen mother be put on they hat . prince philip , in full highland regalia and black tie , help both lady into they long coat ... elizabeth the chaplain call . want to know whether he should make any change to the service or make special mention of diana . prince philip what do you say ? elizabeth I tell he he should not change a thing . ueen mother q uite right . elizabeth I think the less fuss one make , or draw attention to it , the better . she lower she voice , as the prince approach from the saloon with charle ) for the boy . queen mother yes . elizabeth and we should probably arrange some company for they . some young people . 29 . prince philip I will take they for a long walk this afternoon . up craggy head . elizabeth good . they would like that . rince philip open the door .. elizabeth ( cont would ) but no gun . it 's Sunday . they walk off to the wait car .. int . downing STREET - same time Offices busy for sunday . bustle aide and secretary . the engine room of government . a aide stick he head round a door , and call down the corridor to ... aide Alastair ? he 's on .. campbell turn , and excuse himself from he conversation , walk back down the corridor .. int . office - day alastair enter a press vmonitor ' room , where several television be play . one or two aide be busy work .. on tv : tony , wear a dark suit , and tie , take he position in front of the statue of the virgin Mary , in front of the camera . ext . trimdon church - day tony step closer to the microphone , then .. tony e be today a nation in a state of shock , in mourn , in grief that be so deeply painful to we . people everywhere , not just here in Britain , keep faith with princess diana .. int . balmoral castle - day janvrin watch the broadcast on television , surround by several member of staff - maids , cook , valet , footmen , all craning they neck , watch the television in the private Secretary 's room .. 30 . we camera stay on janvrin 's face , as tony 's speech continue .. tony ( on tv ) they like she , they love she , they regard she as one of the people . she be the people 's princess , and that be how she will stay , how she will remain in we heart and memory forever .. " J anvrin 's eye roll privately .. janvrin a bit over the top , do not you think ? janvrin turn , fully expect everyone to agree .. but instead all the staff member behind he have tear roll down they cheek .. ext . hospital - paris - day Archive footage . charle 's motorcade pull up outside the hospital in Paris . Doors open . prince charle get out .. int . hospital - corridor - paris - day shoot through the half - open door : we watch as the prince of wale disappear into the room . in the far corner , a open coffin . harle be visibly distress . we hear the priest 's voice as he begin to pray .. priest Notre pere qui es aux cieux , que ton nom soit sanctifie , que ton regne vienne , que to volonte soit faite , S you la terre comme au ciel .. in the corridor : hospital official quietly close the door in respect . television news footage president bill clinton , fight emotion , speak from the White House lawn .. 31 . clinton ( on tv ) I will always be glad I know the princess , and hope everyone will support she two fine son and help they have the life and the future she would want .. president nelson mandela - speak from cape town .. mandela ( on tv ) I have the honour of host she a few month ago when she visit we country , and I be tremendously impressed by she .. the sound of a newsreader 's voice .. newsreader ( v.o . ) in city all around the world , shrine have be create , in a spontaneous , worldwide outpour of grief . mage of new yorker lay flower outside the british embassy , australian do the same in Sydney , pakistanis in Karachi .. not . car - day tony blair be in a car on he way back down to London . the phone ring . he be travel with a aide , who answer the phone , listen , then hand it to tony .. ide Lord airlie . a tony shoot a look , ` who ? ' the aide cover the phone .. ide the Lord Chamberlain . in charge of the funeral . you be meeting he at the airport . tony nod . take the phone . tony Lord airlie . int . car - same time a rather formidable , handsome , aristocratic man with a military bear , be drive in a car , speak into a mobile phone .. 32 . airlie ( brisk , military ) Prime Minister . I be responsible for organise all royal ceremonial event ... ( a beat ) and there 's simply no precedent for the funeral of a ex-hrh . int . car - same time tony privately roll he eye at the ridiculous upper-class pronunciation .. tony then perhaps we should plan for any contingency . ord airlie yes . I have arrange a meeting tomorrow morning at 10.00 at Buckingham Palace . official from all three palace , representative from the Spencer family , the emergency service . a beat ) would you send some of you people ? tony absolutely . of course . they hang up . tony ( mimick ) ` preeecedent ? ' tony roll he eye . tony where do they find this people ? ext . raf northolt - day prince charle come down the step of he plane . he walk towards the line of official , among they tony blair who stand next to lord airlie . tony and prince charle shake hand .. tony I be so sorry , Sir . and if there 's anything I or my government can do ... charle appear distract . mile away .. 33. charle they stand up as we drive past ... in cafe ... in restaurant . remove they hat . this be Paris . one of the busy city in the world ... and you could hear a pin drop ... tony I imagine it will be the same here . charle yes ... I imagine it will . harle look at tony .. charle the Palace would still prefer to see it as a private funeral . what be you feeling on that ? tony I ... ( a diplomatic smile ) I think that would present we with difficulty . C harle so do I . my mother .. ( correct himself ) ... the Queen , come from a generation not best equip to ... ( tailing off ) ... she grow up in the war ... ( a beat ) I think what we need , what the country need be to be lead by someone .. " of today " . if you follow ? ( a beat ) balmoral be .. ( he gesture , `another world ' ) tony I think I understand . charle and tony shake hand , then the prince move on ... meanwhile , in the background , diana 's coffin be take from the aeroplane by pall - bearer and load into a hearse . he coffin be drape in the royal standard .... int . balmoral - large sitting - room - night the queen , prince philip and the queen mother watch television . it 's the evening news .. 34 . on tv : prince charle be greet by president chirac on the step of the hospital . elizabeth have we hear from the spencer again ? have they make up they mind when the funeral will be ? queen mother not I . no one tell I anything . newsreader ( v.o. ) the Prince of Wale spend half a hour at the hospital . at 5.06 , the party leave with diana 's coffin . . prince philip n we walk today , one of the ghilly say he would see a large stag up at craghie head . a beat ) he reckone fourteen point . queen mother what ? really ? we have not have one that big on this estate in year . prince philip no. quite . on tv : charle 's plane arrive back in England . ewsreader ( v.o. ) diana 's coffin arrive back in London , at raf northolt , two hour later .. the queen watch intently as charle be greet on the runway by tony blair , and the two man talk . a flicker of suspicion on the queen 's face .. prince philip nyway , I think it might be a good distraction . for the boy . elizabeth what ? stalk ? the queen look up .. elizabeth ( cont would ) be not it a bit soon ? prince philip I think anything that get they outside be a good idea . 35 . newsreader ( v.o. ) arlier today , the Prime Minister make a statement from he constituency .. on tv : tony make he speech outside the church in trimdon . we close on the queen 's face as she hear .. tony ( on tv ) " they like she . they love she . they regard she as one of the people . she be the people 's princess , and that be how she will remain in we heart forever .. " the queen watch in disbelief . her knuckle whiten . elizabeth I be sorry , I can not bear it . get to she foot ) I be go to bed . the queen walk out . ext . buckingham palace - day the follow morning . a bare flagpole . no flag fly . but the flower leave by mourner outside the palace gate be grow . not . buckingham palace - meeting room - day a large ceremonial room . elaborate chinoiserie . ming vase . Inside , some thirty or forty official , many uniform , sit around a table . among they : the chief constable of the metropolitan police , the head of the FIRE service and ambulance service , military officer , representative from the three palace , kensington Palace , ( diana 's court ) , St James 's Palace , ( charle 's court ) and Buckingham Palace , ( the queen 's court ) , representative from the Intelligence and Police Protection service , expert in protocol , and finally , representative from the spencer family and down Street , ( among they alastair campbell ) . L ord airlie , ( whom we meet at raf northolt ) , check the time . it 's ten o'clock . he rap on a table , call the meeting to order .. lord airlie right . it 's ten o'clock . let 's make a start . thank you all for come at such notice . I think we all agree this be a extraordinarily sensitive occasion which present we with tremendous challenge logistically ... ( more ) 36 . lord airlie ( cont would ) ( a beat ) ...constitutionally .. ( a beat ) ..practically ... ( a beat ) ...diplomatically .. ( a beat ) ... procedurally ... alastair privately roll he eye .. alastair oh , Christ .. ext . downing STREET - day 10 , down Street . a car pull up . alastair campbell get out . visibly in a bad mood . int . downing STREET - day tony blair be in he office , surround by he aide , work in shirtsleeve . tony " .. after eighteen year of opposition , of frustration and despair , I be proud , privileged , to stand before you as the new Prime Minister ... " ide Labour Prime Minister .. tony " I want to set a ambitious course to modernise this country . to breathe new life into we institution . to make privilege something for the many , not the few . so that we become nothing less than a beacon to the world ... " ` thump ' , the door open , alastair campbell enter , clutching the day 's newspaper .. a lastair bloody hell ! you think the royal be nutter ! you should meet they flunkey ! two and a half -hour on whether she should be carry in a hearse or a gun-carriage . ( tap head , " nut " ) anyway , rave in the press . alastair dump the papers on the desk .. 37 . alastair this lot call you " the Nation 's mourner in Chief " , this lot say you be " the only person who have correctly judge the mood of the country " . even the " mail " .. ( disdainfully hold the paper between finger and thumb ) ..was impressed . alastair drop the papers on tony 's desk . lastair " people 's princess " , mate . you owe I . lastair go . tony watch , then jump up , open the door . his aide call after he , cover the phone .. aide Gordon for you . tony tell he to hang on . int . downing STREET - corridor - day tony follow alastair out , call after he .. tony ( cont would ) so it 's decide ? it 's go to be a public funeral . lastair yes . on Saturday . a whopper . the Abbey . the work . tony good . have anyone tell the Queen yet ? lastair dunno . no doubt some flunkey will be despatch . grovel on all four . tony smile imagine the prospect , go back into he office . int . balmoral castle - large sitting - room - day ` knock ' , a knock on the door , and robin janvrin enter carry a large file . he bow first to the queen .. janvrin good morning , ma'am . 38 . ..then to the queen mother .. J anvrin .. ma 'am . the queen look up .. elizabeth what can we do for you , Robin ? janvrin brace himself . this be not go to be easy ... janvrin ma'am , there be a meeting at the Palace this morning . elizabeth about the funeral arrangement , yes . janvrin the Lord Chamberlain fax over this plan for you to consider . janvrin put a large file on she desk .. janvrin there be now general agreement , ma'am , that a public funeral would be more appropriate . elizabeth I see . he queen perceptibly bristle .. elizabeth no what form will it take ? janvrin at the moment , they be suggest .. ( clear throat ) and of course this be early day .. janvrin brace himself . shoot a nervous look at the queen mother .. janvrin ( cont would ) ... base it on tay Bridge . the queen mother look up . horrify . queen mother tay Bridge ..? elizabeth what ..? 39 . a stunne silence .. queen mother b- but that 's the code name for my funeral ? J anvrin ndeed , ma'am . ( a beat ) but it would be for practical reason only . janvrin be die . anvrin it 's the only one which have be .. ( tread delicately ) ..`rehearsed ' . the only one that could be put together .. in time . the queen mother need to sit down .. queen mother but I supervise that plan myself . janvrin indeed , and the Lord Chamberlain be at pain to stress the spirit of the occasion will be quite different . a beat ) for example , in place of four hundred soldier march behind the coffin , the suggestion be that four hundred representative from the princess 's various charity march behind the coffin . elizabeth I see .. the queen mother 's eye widen .. janvrin and that instead of foreign head of State and Crown head of Europe , the guest would include a sprinkle of actor of stage and screen , fashion designer and other .. ( clear throat ) ... celebrity .. queen mother celebrity ..? elizabeth oh . 40 . the queen look ashen . the queen mother be pour herself a drink .. elizabeth ( cont would ) wa..was there anything else ? janvrin of , ma'am . janvrin bow , and leave . then stop , remember .. janvrin oh , yes . one other thing . the Police commissioner be keen that you consider the idea of a condolence book . ( a beat ) it would give the grow crowd something to do . make marshall they easier . elizabeth ( distract ) yes , of course .. anvrin reach the door .. janvrin oh , and the flower . he queen look up .. elizabeth W hat flower ? janvrin ( cont would ) the flower that have be leave outside Buckingham palace . currently they be block the path through the main gate , and will make thing difficult for the change of the Guard . elizabeth Fine . then move they away . anvrin flinch slightly in anticipation .. janvrin actually , the Lord Chamberlain be wonder whether we should not leave the flower , and send the Guards through the North Gate . the queen look throw .. 41 . elizabeth ye-e . of course . chasten ) quite right . int . tony's office - day ` rrrrinng ' , the phone ring . tony be sit at he desk with one aide . a knock on the door . another aide enter .. aide tephen lamport on one . tony look up . irritate at be disturb .. tony who ? aide the Prince of Wale 's private secretary . in balmoral . cover phone ) he say it be urgent . tony roll he eye , then pick up the phone . tony ood afternoon . lamport ( v.o. ) good afternoon , Prime Minister . S int . balmoral - charles' study - day tephen lamport , private Secretary to the Prince of Wale , sit at a desk . charle be also present , listen .. lamport the Prince of Wale want I to thank you again for you kind word yesterday . tony not at all . amport he feel you and he ... be modern man ... of similar mind ... ( a beat ) ... who could work well together at this difficult time . tony shoot a quizzical look .. 42 . tony well , please thank he highness , and assure he that he can count on my full support . at all time . ( a beat ) be that it ? lamport yes . tony hang up . he turn to he aide .. tony ( cont would ) bizarre . why be Charles do this ? aide what ? tony creep up to I like this . he do it at the airport when he ask I to `deal ' with he mother . aide # 2 ecause he know that if the Queen continue to get it wrong over diana , it will not be long before the royal become public enemy no 1 . ( a beat ) terrify of be shot , apparently . tony who , Charles ? aide his people have already be onto we ask for extra protection . ide # 2 he probably think if he 's see to be on we side , the Queen will be the one leave in the fire line , not he . tony what ? so it 's ok for he mother to take the bullet , not he ? shake head ) what a family . ext . balmoral castle - courtyard - day the queen , in tatty old Barbour , head -scarf , Wellington boot , load corgis and picnic hamper into the back of a old land Rover . 43. she climb into a old , muddy Jeep , and start the oily , smoky diesel engine . as she begin to drive out , she turn a corner , and pass charle who be climb into he much smarter , luxury , leather - upholster jeep .. charle wait ! where be they ? elizabeth up at craigghead . charle I will come with you . charle climb in . the queen notice how extravagantly dress he be . a kilt and tailore hunt jacket .. charle ( cont would ) want I to drive ? elizabeth certainly not . harle shudder at the rough interior of the car , the mud - spatter window , the hard , uncomfortable ride .. charle I think you be go to get a new E one of this ? elizabeth what for ? it 's perfectly all right . the engine splutter as she change gear . the car lurch forward . int / ext . jeep - balmoral estate - day he queen drive hard through wood , dust kick up in the old land Rover 's wake . it 's a bone-shake ride . harle stare out of the window , lose in think .. charle I be think last night what diana might have do have it be I that die in the tunnel in Paris . the queen privately roll she eye .. charle she would certainly have take the boy to Paris . I rather regret not do that now . 44 . elizabeth what ? and expose they to the media ? it would have be a dreadful thing to do . they be much better off here . charle look , whatever else you may have think of diana - she be a wonderful mother . a beat ) she adore that boy . and never let they forget it . a beat ) always warm . he queen 's hand tighten on the steering wheel .. charle and physical . a beat ) never afraid to show she feeling . elizabeth especially whenever a photographer be in sight . charle yes , she may have encourage all that , but still .. charle look out of the window . his eye mist over .. charle ( cont would ) that be always the extraordinary thing about she . her weakness and transgression only seem to make the public love she more . yet ours only make they hate we . why be that ? charle look up .. charle ( cont would ) why do they hate we so much ? the queen mutter under she breath ... elizabeth not `us ' , dear . charle ( not have hear ) what ? the queen salute game-keeper who remove they hat as the queen roar past . 45 . charle yesterday , when we drive the coffin back into London , there be a noise . a bang . I do not mind tell you I think it be a gun . charle 's hand wring in anxiety .. charle ( cont would ) I think someone have take a shot at I . he queen hit the brake , and pull up . visibly irritate by she son 's weakness . she open the door , and step out .. E elizabeth why do not you go on without I ? I be go to walk back .. charle be you sure ? elizabeth yes . it look like rain .. ( the dog jump out ) and I be not in the mood for stalking anyway . charle know better than to contradict he mother . he get into the drive seat , put on the safety belt , and drive off . the land Rover disappear in a cloud of dust . the queen straighten , then notice she shoe - lace be undone . the dog bark excitedly . elizabeth wait ! my shoe - lace be undone . you do not want I to trip and hurt myself , do you ? a beat ) you would not get any proper walk then . the queen blissfully chatter away to the dog . so much easier than people ... elizabeth right . done . now who know the way home ? he dog yap excitedly , immediately scamper off in the direction of the castle .. elizabeth you clever thing ! 46 . ext . scottish highland - day harle 's land Rover drive up into the hill , into spectacular landscape . a mile or two ahead , above the tree - line , philip , the two prince and stalker carry gun , crawl on they belly in pursuit of they quarry .. a hundred year ahead of they , the stag , unaware of the danger , imperiously , graze on the grass .. dissolve to : int . balmoral castle - queen' bedchamber - night the queen , granite - face , still smart from she row with charle , be in she bedroom . a nightcap martini be on she bedside table . she be write she diary . philip emerge from the bathroom , appear in the doorway .. elizabeth I speak to Charles this afternoon . flicker of coldness behind she eye .. elizabeth who be good enough to share with I he view on motherhood . prince philip what do he say ? a tv play in the corner . diana , starve thin , panda-ey , the infamous Martin bashir ` panorama ' interview .. elizabeth how wonderful diana be . rince philip that 's change he tune . elizabeth what a natural . iana ( on tv ) .. I think .. they see I as a threat of some kind .. prince philip see what 's on television , then grimace .. prince philip ( pucker face ) oh , for God 's sake .. 47 . elizabeth maybe he 's get a point . maybe we be partly to blame . philip go over to the television .. prince philip I can not watch this . elizabeth no , wait . leave it . philip stare at the screen .. diana ( on tv ) " every strong woman in history have have to walk down a similar path .. " elizabeth we encourage the match . and sign off on it . both of we . a beat ) you be very enthusiastic , remember . rince philip she be a nice girl . then . diana ( on tv ) " and I think it 's this strength that cause the confusion and the fear . " prince philip shake he head .. prince philip and I be sure he would give the other one up . or , at least make sure he wife tow the line . ( a gesture ) be not that what everyone do ? a flicker behind the queen 's eye . elizabeth be it ? her knuckle momentarily whiten . unaware , philip stare at the television .. diana ( on tv ) " why be she strong ? where be she get it from ? where be she go to take it ? how be she go to use it ? " he roll he eye in disbelief .. 48 . prince philip ( cont would ) I can not bear it any more . if you be watch , I will sleep in here . early start tomorrow .. ( kiss she on the forehead ) see you in the morning . philip go , leave the queen stare . still sting from he remark about adultery . zap ' , she angrily hit the remote . the picture go black . int . downing STREET - blair be home - night tony blair and cherie at home , watch television . it 's 10 o'clock . the kide be in bed , but they toy be still strewn around the sit - room . tony be tidy they up into box .. on screen : british historian david starkey be lambast charle . tony and cherie sit on the sofa , watch television , eat pasta on they knee . starkey defend the queen . part of a older generation . she know no better . cherie ( cont would ) how much of all this could be the first stirring of .. tony W hat ? herie .. I do not know ... something more interesting . maybe this time people have finally see they for what they be . tony which be ? cherie a bunch of freeloading , emotionally retarded ... nutter . tony ( roll eye ) that 's just absurd . cherie why ? they exist in a ludicrous cocoon of privilege and wealth . they do not pay tax . tony yes , they do . 49 . cherie the Queen alone cost we what ? thirty , forty million a year .. tony reach the door , and turn .. tony to you , too . look ... if you want to have a serious conversation about this .. cherie I do .. tony ..about the constitution .. cherie e do not have one .. tony ... or about way in which we as a government could begin to phase out hereditary privilege , then fine . herie ( indicate plate ) if you be go , take the dish .. tony come back to take the dirty plate .. tony but spare I the whole .. " off with they head " thing . cherie why ? tony because it insult you intelligence . cherie " the case for reform be simple and obvious . it be in principle wrong and absurd that people should wield power on the basis of birth , not merit or election . " ( a beat ) you word , not mine . tony be momentarily throw .. tony well , maybe now I have grow up . a beat ) it 's unimaginable this country be a republic . certainly in she lifetime . 50 . cherie why ? tony because ... no would would wear it . ( can not help laugh at the idea ) no one want it . ( gesture ) it 's just ... daft . tony head for the door .. herie it 's not a mother thing , be it ? tony turn .. cherie think about it . if she be still alive , would not hazel be exactly the same age ? whenever you talk about you mother , you mention she stoicism . her frugality . her sense of duty . the fact she be bring up in the way . well c'mon ..? ( a beat ) who do that sound like ? tony smile . tony I be go to do the wash - up . F ade to black int . downing STREET - corridor - day alastair and tony walk through the labyrinthine corridor and busy office .. alastair all right , the good news be that the Palace have agree to video screen in the Royal Parks . tony and the bad news ? alastair crash barrier . tony what about they ? 51 . alastair hey're now predict more than two million people will descend on London , and there be not enough barrier to line the route . so we have go cap in hand to the french for theirs . and there 's something else I think you should see . alastair lead tony into .. int . downing STREET - monitoring room - day T tony follow alastair into a office where a television play in the corner . several young aide and intern be watch , recording , make note . shirtsleeve , foot on desk . informal . alastair can we run that piece again ? you be go to love this . a intern put in a video , hit the `play ' button . on screen : several member of the public complain about the royal . tony watch for a moment , then .. tony look , I know all this .. alastair there ! not member of the public complain about the flag .. tony do not tell I . there be not a flag fly at half mast above Buckingham Palace . tony roll he eye to himself . tony God . will someone save this people from themselves .. ( irritate ) F ine . I will call balmoral ... tony turn away , walk towards the door . alastair ` Planet Zog ' ? tony because as Prime Minister of this country , I have really get nothing better to do .. 52 . tony walk out .. ext . balmoral estate - day the royal family be gather for a bar- be- cue lunch . at a distance , the boy , be in the river , be teach fishing by a ghillie .. prince philip stand by a barbecue , struggle to get the fire to light . the queen mother be in another corner .. a land rover pull up . the queen get out with she dog . she notice philip 's struggle with the bar-be-cue .. elizabeth that fire- lighter no good ? carry tupperware box ) I bring some stew just in case . I think it 's lamb . we could always have that cold .. prince philip no , we will be all right . he queen throw some food to she dog , but make several hand gesture forbid they to eat . the dog salivate , and whimper , but dutifully show they forbearance . stare at the food . the queen , meanwhile , start set place at the table with plate , knife and fork .. elizabeth Robin have a call from the Prime Minister . who express he concern . hilip turn , a exasperate look .. prince philip about what ? elizabeth the flag above Buckingham Palace . he think it should be fly at half - mast . the dog continue to p whimper hungrily . rince philip then I hope Robin tell he there isn 't a flag above Buckingham Palace ... ( angrily jab coal with a long , sharp fork ) ...only the Royal Standard , which fly for one reason only . ( more ) 53 . prince philip ( cont would ) to denote the presence of the monarch . since you be here , the flag pole be bare . which be as it should be . harle clear he throat .. charle be not it possible .. that to some people ... the Royal Standard be just .. ..a flag ? and that the flap pole be bare send out the wrong signal . the queen turn . a wither look .. elizabeth that 's not the point . rince philip the point be it 's more than four hundred year old . it have never be lower for anyone .. queen mother you grandfather do not get that flag at half - mast when he die and if you mother be to die tomorrow , she would not get it either . charle yes ... but sometimes ... in a situation like this .. one have to be flexible .. all head turn . and stare at charle . charle ( shrug ) it be just a flag . elizabeth " what about the Union Jack ? " , be Mr. Blair 's next suggestion . ueen mother ( roll eye ) oh , for heaven 's sake . prince philip the next thing he will be suggest you change you name to hilda and mine to hector ? ( angry gesture ) who do he think he 's talk to ? you be the sovereign . the head of State . you do not get dictate to . a beat ) you have concede the idea of a public funeral . you have open up the park . that 's enough . 54 . the queen indicate to philip to keep he voice down , to avoid upsetting the boy , who be still fishing .. prince philip ( cont would ) you wait . in forty - eight hour it be all have calm down . elizabeth like that condolence book . prince philip quite right . ( a defiant snort ) when we start with one , everyone predict they would grow and grow . but we have hear nothing more about that , see ? charle clear he throat .. charle apparently there be now fifteen . elizabeth what ..? charle and people be queuing through the night . philip stare . the queen 's expression change . I not . balmoral castle - charles' quarter - day charle cross the saloon to he study , talk to he private Secretary . harle in one sense its comforting . a beat ) for the first time my parent can see what it 's be like for I all this year , be up against she popularity . ( a beat ) but they be still make the mistake of think the diana they know from live and deal with she , will eventually be the one see by the public . but it 's not . the two dianas , theirs and ours , bear no relation to one another at all . charle look at lamport .. 55 . charle ( cont would ) they just adore she . would have love nothing more than for she to be queen. a beat ) someone compassionate . with a heart . gift in tragically short supply around here . harle look at lamport .. charle I have be think be the flag fly at half mast over my house at highgrove ? lamport yes , sir. charle make sure we get a picture of that in the papers , would you ? if my mother want to make a mess of this , that 's she business . a beat ) I will not let she drag I down , too . int . blair' bedroom - night the blair be in bed work , watch tv . on tv : tracey ullman speak enthusiastically in favour of young , dynamic C tony Blair in London . tony and cherie watch .. herie see ? it be not just I . tony what ? cherie people really do want change . and want you to give it to they . tony and do what ? cut off they head ? herie apparently , one in six people now support the idea of get rid of the monarchy . tony ( irritate gesture ) that 's just the papers spoil for a fight . 56 . cherie but still , imagine this country without they ? with a nice elect head of State ? a beat ) that would be some legacy . if the revolution be to happen on you watch . lair stare . visibly unsettle . int . queen' bedroom - night the queen sit at she desk , write she diary . her pen scratch across the paper .. resently the pen stop . she stare for a moment , she face a picture of sadness .. fade to black : ext . balmoral - day the shoot party with william , harry , and several gilly and stalker drive off in various jeep . int . balmoral castle - private secretary's office - day janvrin stand at the window , look out as the car leave .. anvrin that 's the stalking party off ? e take a deep breath .. janvrin right , we would better have a look at this papers . S ecretary " show we there 's a heart in the House of Windsor , " say the Sun .. be secretary pass a copy over to janvrin .. secretary it prove , the royal be not like we " , the Mirror . " time to change the Old Guard at Buckingham Palace " . Express . janvrin ( heart sink ) God .. 57 . the secretary read from " the independent " .. secretary " one can not help wonder who 's advice they be take for it 's clearly the wrong advice ... " janvrin right ... the secretary put down the independent , open on a page mark .. " the windsor still don't understand US . " janvrin 's face look haunt .. janvrin ( cont would ) well , I will try not to take that personally . int . downing STREET - tony's study - late afternoon tony sit on he sofa . the three speech - write aide stand / sit in front of he . tony read from the speech .. tony " people have be yearn for a change in this country . " good . " the result be a quiet revolution now take place . led by the real moderniser . the british people .. " T tony tail off .. tony ` Revolution ' ? not you , too ? tail off ) who write this ? one aide put up he hand . tony where do it come from ? aide where do it come from ? ide 2 just look at the papers . talk to people on the street . ide something 's happen out there . tony 's expression change . he get to he foot . walk out , mutter under he breath .. 58 . tony Revolution . the aide look at one another .. int . downing STREET - corridor - late afternoon tony put he head around he secretary 's door .. tony ( cont would ) get I balmoral , will you ? a beat ) I will take it in my office . int . downing STREET - tony's office - late afternoon tony walk back into he office . his face be deadly serious . tony right . you lot . out . tony stand by the door . holding it open . the aide stare at one another .. aide what about the speech ? tony later . the aide file out . int . balmoral castle - queen be study - late afternoon the queen and janvrin be work in one corner , go through she red box . in another corner , prince philip sit watch the television .. a tea-tray sit in front of he . scone . tea-cakes . he queen and janvrin be finish off . janvrin stand , ( never sit in she presence ) .. J anvrin .. and finally , ma'am , a dso medal . a corporal , in kosovo.. you may have read about it in the papers .. pull two civilian from a bus after a bomb blast . the queen sign the certificate of honour . prince philip call out , indicate the tea .. 59 . prince philip hurry up , dear . get cold . elizabeth ( cont would ) be that it ? janvrin yes , ma'am . just the letter of condolence to the widow of the ambassador to Brazil . the queen sign . janvrin bow and leave . elizabeth good . the queen walk over to join prince philip for tea by the television , when janvrin turn , ( we notice he secretary stand in the doorway ) .. janvrin ma'am , apparently the Prime Minister be on the phone for you . rince philip ( snap ) tell he to call back . the queen hesitates , then .. ever dutiful .. elizabeth no , I would better take it . prince philip roll he eye . janvrin nod to he secretary , who rush off to transfer the call . he queen walk over to she desk again . pick up the phone . elizabeth Prime Minister ? int . downing STREET - late afternoon tony sit up on he sofa in he office .. tony good afternoon , you majesty . I be sorry to disturb . I be just wonder .. not . balmoral - queen' study - continuous prince philip indicate she should put tony on speaker - phone . the queen oblige . tony 's voice come out .. 60 . tony ... whether you would see any of today 's papers ? the queen look at she desk . most of the newspaper be strewn out in front of she .. elizabeth we have manage to look at one or two , yes . tony in which case , my next question would be - whether you feel some kind of response might be necessary ? elizabeth ( cont would ) no . I believe a few over - eager editor be do they best to sell newspaper .. and it would be a mistake to dance to they tune . tony under normal circumstance I would agree , but ..p rince philip ( under he breath ) here we go ! the bloody flag again ..! elizabeth indicate for philip to be quiet .. tony ..my adviser have be take the temperature among people on the street - and the information I be get be that the mood .. ( choose word carefully ) ... be quite delicate . prince philip ( under he breath ) of course . that 's where all the ruddy camera be . elizabeth gesture again for philip to ` ssssshhh ' .. elizabeth so what would you suggest , Prime Minister ? some kind of statement ? tony no , ma'am . I believe the moment for statement have pass . tony take a deep breath .. 61 . tony I would suggest fly the flag at half - mast above Buckingham Palace ... prince philip almost have a apoplexy .. prince philip see ! tony and come down to London at the earliest opportunity . philip stare in disbelief .. " what ? " tony it would be a great comfort to you people and would help they with they grief . elizabeth there grief ? he queen exchange a look with philip .. elizabeth if you be suggest that I drop everything and come down to London before I attend to two boy that have just lose they mother .. you be mistaken . rince philip absurd .. E elizabeth I doubt there be many who know the british more than I do , Mr. Blair , nor who have great faith in they wisdom and judgement . and it be my belief that they will soon reject this `mood ' which have be stir up by the press ... in favour of a period of restrain grief , and sober , private mourn . a beat ) that 's the way we do thing in this country . quietly . with dignity . ( a beat ) it 's what the rest of the world have always admire we for . tony well , if that 's you decision , ma'am , of course the government will support it . ( more ) 62 . tony ( cont would ) ( a beat ) let 's keep in touch . elizabeth yes. could hardly be less enthusiastic ) let 's . the queen hang up . look over at philip .. prince philip bloody fool . he indicate the tea .. prince philip now you tea 's go cold . int . blair' office - continuous T tony hang up the phone . he be lose in think . his secretary stick she head around the door .. secretary Robin janvrin on one . a beat ) he must have be listen in . tony pick up the phone . tony Mr janvrin ? int . private secretary's office - balmoral - same time janvrin speak on the telephone to tony blair . janvrin Prime Minister , I understand how `difficult ' she behaviour must seem to you ..how `unhelpful '.. but try to see it from she perspective .. ( search for right word ) she 's be bring up to believe its God 's will that she be who she be . tony I think we should leave God out of it . it 's just not helpful . janvrin she will not have see anything like this since the abdication . a beat ) ( more ) 63 . janvrin ( cont would ) and I cannot emphasise enough what affect that have on she . unexpectedly become King as good as kill she father . tony all right - but first we have to deal with this terrible headline . I will see what I can do with the Press . janvrin I be most grateful , Prime Minister . tony but I can not promise anything . it 's not I they want to see . tony hang up , think , then .. int corridor downing STREET tony come out of he office and walk down the corridor to where the secretary be . tony ask alistair to come and see I will you . the Secretary nod and pick up the phone . tony no cancel whatever I be do tonight . he turn and go back to he office . ext . balmoral castle - day the queen drive out in she land Rover . and into the countryside .. ext . highland - day the land Rover shake and judder . the queen bob up and down . estate worker remove they hat as she drive past .. ext . highland - day the road have become rougher and narrower . the queen drive with surprising confidence and ability . the queen reach a fork . she drive on , take the right fork . 64 . ext . river dee - day the queen reach the River Dee , then slow down . she stop and stare . ahead of she be a difficult , quite perilous crossing . he queen compose herself , visibly intimidate . a deep breath , then .. she drive into the fast-move river . ext . river dee - day the land Rover 's engine roar . the jeep rock alarmingly side to side as it slowly cross the river . one big rock after another . the queen skilfully negotiate the challenge , and be beginning to enjoy the experience .. but ahead be one rock she have not see .. ` crreeak ' , the land Rover 's undercarriage hit the rock . the ugly sound of tear metal . he queen instinctively brake , then sense that be the wrong thing to do , slam she foot down on the accelerator . the engine roar in protest , and .. ` snap ' . a ominous mechanical sound . elizabeth oh .. the queen 's eye widen . know that sound be serious . elizabeth oh , you be stupid . she try to start the car again , but to no avail . no matter what she do , the land Rover be stick .. the queen look into the glove box . Inside be a mobile telephone . he queen punch in a number .. elizabeth ( into phone ) hello ? could you put I through to the ghilly ' office ? listen ) h ello , Thomas ? I be afraid I have do something very foolish . I think I have break the prop-shaft . cross the river . 65 . int . ghillies office - day the head ghillie listen , he expression change in alarm , then .. head ghillie be you sure , ma'am ? elizabeth yes , perfectly . the front one , not the rear . I have lose the four- wheel drive . you forget I work as a mechanic in the war . head ghillie and be you all right ? int . land rover - same time the land Rover creak as it rock on the stone .. elizabeth yes , perfectly , thank you . I be so sorry to waste you time .. head ghilie we will come out straightaway . elizabeth oh , will you ? you be kind . thank you . a beat ) I will wait by the car . the queen hang up . put the phone away , then open the land Rover 's door . ext . highland - river dee - day the queen gingerly climb out of the land Rover , and walk across the stone to the river bank , get she shoe wet . ext . river bank - day the queen sit on a stone by the strand land Rover . she sit in silence .. othing but the sound of run water , wind in the tree , and birdsong . ah , that 's good . he queen close she eye . all around she , silence except for the sound of the great outdoors . 66 . privacy at last . the first moment of silence in what feel like month . the queen breathes deeply . it 's all be a bit much . of time to think . not shock after another . veryone shouting . will far too dramatic . ome to think of it , this be the first time she 's be able to .. suddenly , almost imperceptibly , we notice she shoulder be shaking . not dramatically , but enough to suggest what be happen . the queen - away from the world - be cry . W e only see she back . presently , she reach into she jacket pocket , produce a handkerchief , and dab she eye . gradually , she compose herself . that 's better . of not want to make a fuss . he gilly will be here soon . the queen take a deep breath . that 's better . resently the sound of rustling leave , and the unmistakable sense that she be be watch . strange .. the queen turn to have a look , then almost drop the cup .. stand in front of she , no more than twenty yard , be the stag . the queen freeze , hardly dare breathe . it be enormous . his antler be bigger and more dramatic than she could have imagine . his fur be thick . his blaze across he nose be distinctive . he be vast , almost the size of a horse . no stare at she . the queen stare back . elizabeth oh , you be a beauty . it be unprecedented - almost supernatural . no stag ever willingly come this close to human . he queen look into he dark , brown eye . a unmistakable connection between they .. 67 . it 's a magical moment . all around they the whistling of wind , the sound of tree bend . then , ever so faintly , in the distance .. the hum of approach engine . it 's the gilly come to look for the queen . sense this .. elizabeth ( cont would ) ( indicate the stag should go ) go. go on . you would better go .. the stag remain roote to the spot .. elizabeth ( cont would ) ( clap hand ) go. shoo . go on . the engine get closer and closer . the stag take a last look at the queen , then briefly incline he head , turn , and walk off . of sooner have he disappear into the wood , than .. several land rover appear , drive across the river , and gilly and equerrys jump out , hold tow-rope , wave in greeting and call out , concerned for the queen 's safety .. the queen take a last look in the direction of the stag , to make sure he have go , and smile to herself . e 's vanish . it 's as if he be never there . int . downing STREET - blair be flat - afternoon tony be put on a fresh shirt and tie , stand in front of a a mirror . cherie enter .. cherie I have just be tell there be news crew outside wait for you to come and " speak to the people . " tony yes . herie what 's that about ? tony I tell the Queen 's private secretary I would do what I could to help with the press . 68 . cherie why ? do not you think she deserve it ? sitting up there on she 40000 acre . tony I know ... but allow she to hang herself might not be in we best interest either . tony exit , then stop at the door .. tony besides , I think there 's something ... ugly about the way everyone 's start to bully she . herie watch tony go . int . balmoral castle - queen' bedchamber - night T he queen be in bed , watch television . stare . N screen : television footage of tony blair , shaking hand with ` the people ' , defend the queen , help mourner with they grief .. V presenter .. earlier tonight the Prime Minister go out and plead with people to understand the royal ' behaviour .. prince philip appear in the doorway ... elizabeth how be the boy ? prince philip not so good tonight . a lot of slamm door . ( a beat ) I think they see the papers . the queen 's eye close . pain .. elizabeth oh , no .. on screen : television footage of family sleep in park . kensington Palace be a sea of flower and tribute . the mall be line with sing , hugging , weep mourner of all age and nationality , hold candle .. prince philip I will take they out early again tomorrow morning . 69 . the queen stare with total lack of comprehension at the vox pop which the television interviewer be do .. tv interviewer ( on tv ) where have you come from ? mourner 1 ( on tv ) Hamburg . tv interviewer ( on tv ) Hamburg , Germany ? ourner 1 ( on tv ) well , I just have to be here . she be such a wonderful woman .. p rince philip what ? mourner 2 ( on tv ) she be a angel .. prince philip ... and a hysteric . mourner 3 ( on tv ) of compassionate , and caring .. prince philip oh , please .. philip indicate the television .. prince philip ( cont would ) sleep in the street and pull out they hair for someone they never know ? he shoot a quizzical look .. prince philip and they think we be mad ? philip turn to the queen .. prince philip ( cont would ) have you see the latest funeral guest list ? elizabeth no . prince philip I suggest you keep it that way . a chorus line of soap star and homosexual . ( a beat ) ( more ) 70 . prince philip ( cont would ) apparently elton John be go to be sing . the queen 's eye close . it 's agony . prince philip that will be a first for westminster Abbey . the queen stare distractedly at the television .. prince philip condolence book be now be sign in we embassy in every major city in the world . a beat ) and in London alone the number have reach forty . fter a beat .. prince philip stare at the crowd of mourner on the television ) this remind I of one of that film . a few of we in a fort. horde of Zulus outside . p silence . the television coverage continue .. rince philip so it 's vital you hold firm . stick to you gun . you wait . they will come to they sense soon . a beat ) they have to . philip climb into bed beside the queen .. prince philip c'mon , move over , cabbage . the queen stare at the tv . stare at a modern Britain , a modern world she no longer understand . ext . highland - night a bright , full moon . the unmistakable silhouette of the stag walk slowly across the blue - white orb - until he reach a river .. there , he stop , and bellow imperiously into the night . ade to black : 71 . int . downing STREET - bedroom - day the follow morning . 6.30 be . tony watch from he bed . the pastel - coloured set of `good morning tv ' . the host , a man and woman in they forty , sit on a sofa . the man turn to the camera .. T elevision presenter it 's six o'clock . time for a look at the morning 's newspaper . Jenny .. we CUT to : a smile woman in she thirty , who sit at a coffee table which be cover in newspaper .. jenny good morning . well if you think yesterday 's headline for the royal could not get any worse - think again . int . balmoral castle - queen' bedrooom - day the queen sit in bed , read the newspaper . her expression be ashen . she stare at the headline . from outside she window , the sound of bagpipe as the piper sergeant stoically play in a heavy Scottish downpour .. a distant rumble of thunder . int . downing STREET - tony's office - day 8.00 tony blair be with alastair campbell and a team of aide be in a meeting room with the newspaper in front of they .. alastair ( take another paper ) T he Sun - " where be we Queen ? where be she flag ? " take another paper ) the Express , " show we you care " , with a picture of a grumpy queen. ( take another paper ) the mail - " let the flag fly at half - mast " , and inside , " the Queen should be here to show she respects . " alastair raise he eyebrow . lastair blimey ! but the flip-side be ... " Blair more popular than churchill shock . " 72 . alastair expect tony to be pleased , but instead he appear concerned .. tony do any of they pick up on we statement of support ? alastair just one . campbell show blair the front page of `the guardian ' where " blair defend stoical royals.. " be a minor headline .. lastair ( cont would ) statement of support do not sell papers . tony 's expression change . frustrate . he think , then .. tony right .. tony get to he foot , and walk out . alastair watch ext . balmoral castle - day ( cluny ) the queen walk out for she walk with she corgis . she have she head - scarf and old raincoat on . dog bark excitedly .. she be about to set off , when janvrin appear , breathlessly .. anvrin the Prime Minister for you , ma'am . the queen look pain at the think .. janvrin I be afraid he 's rather insist . elizabeth all right . I will take it here . a beat ) in the kitchen . int . balmoral - kitchen - day frantic kitchen staff disperse in all direction as the queen come into the kitchen , dog bark .. cook and maids doff they cap , bow in respect , then run into hide , as the telephone extension ring .. the queen pick it up .. 73. elizabeth ood morning , Prime Minister . the queen gesture to she dog . they promptly fall silent . int . downing STREET - same time tony sit in he chair .. T tony good morning , ma'am . tony hesitates , then choose he word carefully .. tony ( cont would ) you have see today 's headline ? int . balmoral castle - kitchen - same time cook and footmen rush in a chair for the queen , and bring a cup of tea . the queen sit down .. the dog duly follow suit . and sit . elizabeth yes , I have . tony then I be sure you will agree . the situation have become quite critical . tony take a breath . know this will not be easy . tony ( cont 'd ) ma'am , a poll that 's to be publish in tomorrow 's paper suggest 70 % of people believe you action have damage the monarchy and one in four be now in favour of abolish the monarchy altogether . ilence . tony as you Prime Minister , I believe it 's my constitutional responsibility to advise the follow .. tony brace himself . know the impact he word will have .. int . balmoral castle - kitchen - day the queen hang up . she appear profoundly shake . she turn to janvrin .. 74 . elizabeth be Queen Elizabeth up yet ? int . balmoral castle - staircase - day he queen walk up a staircase to she mother 's quarter .. int . balmoral castle - corridor - day the queen walk along a corridor . she reach a door . knock . then , rather touchingly , call out .. elizabeth mummy ? int . balmoral - queen mother' bedroom - day he queen sit on the unmade bed , as the queen mother finish get dress , ( attend by dresser ) .. elizabeth one - lower the flag to half - mast above Buckingham Palace and all other Royal residence . two - leave balmoral , and fly down to London at the earliest opportunity . Three - pay respects in person at diana 's coffin . and four - make a statement via live television to my people and the world . the queen stare . elizabeth ( cont would ) Swift prosecution of this matter , he feel , might , just might avert disaster . E xt . balmoral ground - day he queen and queen mother walk through the grounds : stout , resolute , waterproof , rain . a glorious Scottish summer . distant rumble of thunder ... queen mother bviously you be go to have to talk to the Lord Chamberlain about all this . elizabeth I have . ueen mother and to Robert fellow . 75 . elizabeth to he too . ueen mother and ..? elizabeth ( cont would ) it seem they both agree with he . a silence . queen mother I see . he queen stare . then .. elizabeth something 's happen . there 's be a change ... a shift of value .. the queen look up .. elizabeth ( cont would ) when you no longer understand you people , be not it time to hand over to the next generation ? queen mother certainly not ! remember the oath you take elizabeth " I declare that my whole life , whether it be long or short , shall be devote to you service . " queen mother you whole life . that 's a commitment to God as well as you people . elizabeth but if my action be damaging the crown ? queen mother damage they ? my dear , you be the great asset this institution have . one of the great it have ever have . the problem will come when you leave , but that 's not for you to worry about - and certainly not today . he Queen roll she eye .. elizabeth mummy .. 76 . then drift off , into she own thought elizabeth it 's just no one seem to value tradition or constancy any more . ( a beat ) it 's all about show . about wear you heart on you sleeve . queen mother and you be not like that . never have be . no ... you must show strength . re - assert you authority . you sit on the most powerful throne in Europe . head of a unbroken line that go back more than a thousand year . how many of you predecessor do you imagine would have drop everything and go down to London because people hold candle want help with they grief ? the queen mother 's tirade continue , but the queen be not listen . she know she have a decision to make . ueen mother and as for Mr Blair and he cheshire cat grin ... ext . balmoral ground - late afternoon the stalking Party be wrapping up after a day on the moor , some two dozen people , stalker , member of the Royal family , gamekeeper etc . load up the land rover ready to return to balmoral Castle . mobile phone ring . the head ghillie appear hold the phone . ghillie Mr janvrin for you sir . Prince Philip take the phone ... a little surprised . prince philip yes Robin ....? Philip listen prince philip what ? it 's madness ! the whole thing ! bloody madness ! thunderous , Philip hang up . prince philip it seem we be go back to London ! 77 . philip climb angrily into the land Rover , slamm the door . people 's eye widen . int . queen be study - balmoral - late afternoon the queen 's face in close - up . charle peer round the door .. he stare . then , after a beat ... charle I have just be tell . you have decide to go back to London . T he queen 's face . avoid eye contact . charle I just want to say - I admire ... ( strangle , try to find the right word ) I think it 's the right decision . silence . charle stare .. charle let 's hope we have not leave it too late . the queen ignore he . charle go . ext . balmoral gate - dusk n explosion of flashlight : the motor-winder and flashbulb of the world 's media whir and pop through the gate of balmoral Castle . it 's a eerie , venal image . a unmistakable echo of diana 's world , and she last moment in Paris . the queen , charle , philip , and the two prince try not to show they hostility , and gingerly inspect the flower laid at the gate of balmoral .. the queen 's face be grim set . lip purse . visibly uneasy with the cameras audibly whirring all around she . charle hold he son 's hand , and try to concentrate on the flower and wreathes and tribute . rince william stare at the cameras . hostile , uncomprehend look . the beginning of a lifelong animosity . suddenly .. ` bang ' a pass motorbike 's exhaust backfire . charle jolt in shock , and flinch privately . 78 . clearly , he fear have not lessen . he 's expect the bullet at any moment .. not . downing STREET - blair family flat - same time in the kitchen : cherie be feed the kid supper at the kitchen table . the cheery chaos of family life . everyone talk at once . laughter . teasing . through a open door , we can see tony in the sit - room work . shirt -sleeve , tie loosen .. int . blair flat - sitting room - same time tony sit with he foot up , do he box , signing papers , and half watch television at the same time . on screen : the queen and the royal do they photo-call . the voice of the news reader at Channel four .. news reader ( on t.v. ) we be just get some picture now from balmoral . this be rather historic shot . clearly the Queen have respond to criticism that the Royal family be not engage .. T tony look up . breathes a sigh of relief .. tony ( to himself ) thank God for that . from the kitchen : cherie 's voice .. cherie ( cont would ) it 's fish -finger . want any ? tony be right there . tony finish signing the papers . turn off the tv . walk into the kitchen . we hear cherie 's voice as the door close .. cherie I be afraid they be a bit burn . fade to black ext . balmoral - day the piper sergeant walk around the castle perimeter play the bag-pipe . 79 . int queen bedroom - day the Queen be be dress in black by she dresser . her face apparently inscrutable . but the difficulty of the situation be clear . int . balmoral castle - bedroom - various - day the queen come downstairs to the first landing where bag be be bring out of the room by maids and valet p rince philip where be the boy ? have they already leave ? elizabeth yes . they leave for London after breakfast . with Charles . hilip shake he head .. prince philip it 's not right , you know elizabeth yes , but further discussion be no longer helpful either . the queen head downstairs . philip follow ... prince philip oh , well . I suppose it give the ghilly time to find a new stag for the boy now theirs have be shot . elizabeth what ? the queen momentarily stiffen .. prince philip have not you hear ? it wander onto one of the neighbour estate where it be shot by one of the commercial guest . elizabeth really ..? the blood have drain from she face .. elizabeth ( cont would ) which estate ? 80 . ext . balmoral - courtyard - day the queen , pull a old Barbour over she black dress , emerge into a courtyard where the royal car be be load with bag for the trip . she climb into a landrover , start the engine . security men stare quizzically at one another , then leap into life and dash to they own car to follow they drive out of the balmoral estate . int . downing STREET - blair office - day tony sit at he desk work on he speech . a knock on the door . alastair campbell enter .. campbell here 's you box . there 's some ( important policy unit stuff on top . a beat ) and you have see the papers ? tony ( snap , irritate ) I be the Prime Minister . of course I have see the papers . alastair indicate the newspaper laid out on the table .. ' the Times ' : ` palace bend the knee to blair " ' the Sun ' : " queen cave in on palace flag " . ` the Express ' : " downing STREET step in to save queen " . ` the Mirror ' : " a quiet word from tony blair and the nation get its wish " . lastair ( in comic voice ) " you maj ? come down to London . " " who say so ? " " tony Blair . " lastair reach the door - see tony . then .. alastair " Mr. Father of the Nation . " alastair go . tony watch . lose patience . 81 . ext . neighbouring castle - courtyard - day the queen 's land Rover , plus a protection vehicle , pull up in a courtyard at braemar Castle . the driver jump out . go to open the door for she .. work stalker and ghillies stop in they track , and double-take . face appear at window . stable -hand , visitors and estate staff stop and stare .. we over hear whisper , ` bloody hell ! ' ` it 's she ! ' presently , the head ghillie appear in a doorway , deferentially straighten he hair , and clothes . he walk towards the queen . head gillie Morning , ma'am . be it he lordship you have come to see ? h e reach into he pocket for he cell - phone .. elizabeth no , no .. please do not disturb he . I have come on another matter . I hope you do not mind .. ext . neighbouring estate - day the queen and head gillie walk towards a circular cool room . the head gillie open the door .. int . neighbouring estate - refrigerated room - day a large cool room , where the shot animal be wash , disembowelle and cut up . hanging in the centre of the room , he innard remove , blood drain onto the floor , be the stag . a gamekeeper , in overall , be work on the carcass , when the door open , and the queen walk in . he gamekeeper straighten . stop what he 's do .. head gillie there he be .. the queen gasp in shock . notice the gamekeeper be about to begin the process of sever the stag 's head . the head gillie , mistake she reaction for admiration , smile .. 82. head gillie ( cont would ) yes , he 's a beauty , be not he ? a Imperial , ma'am . fourteen pointer . ut the queen have not hear . she indicate a nasty wound .. elizabeth e be wounded . head gillie yes . we get we guest in very close , have he line - up perfect , and still .. shrug apologetically ) ..an investment banker , ma'am . from London . the queen stretch she hand out , almost touch the wound .. head gillie ( cont would ) I be afraid the stalker have to follow he for mile - to finish he off . elizabeth voice crack ) let 's hope he do not suffer too much . unseen by other , the queen 's knuckle whiten .. elizabeth ( cont would ) please pass my congratulation to you guest . head gillie I will , ma'am . he clear she throat , then go .. head gillie ( remove hat ) God bless you . the queen go . dignify on the outside , but die a thousand death underneath . match CUT to : int . aeroplane - royal flight - day the queen 's face . she stare out of the window , die a thousand death inside , on she way to raf northolt in London . she be aboard the private jet belong to the Queen 's Flight , sit opposite she be the queen mother n the table in between they be all the morning 's newspaper with they humiliate headline . 83. a shadow pass across she . the sound of a clear throat . the queen look up . it 's robin janvrin . she snap out of it . E elizabeth yes , Robin .. she put on she glass . composure return . professional again . janvrin I have do a draft of you television address . elizabeth thank you . anvrin put it down . he notice all the newspaper . elizabeth ( cont would ) be there anything else ? janvrin open he mouth , want to say something to comfort she .. but realise it would be inappropriate . janvrin no , ma'am . landing in fifteen minute . ext . mall - day - archive the car carry the queen and prince philip sweep into the mall . not . downing STREET - alastair office - day alastair sit at he desk . a tv play the footage of the queen 's car drive through the mall .. a secretary walk in .. secretary I have get a copy of the Queen 's speech . she pass it over to alastair .. secretary shall I give tony a copy ? lastair let I have a look at it first . alastair start read it .. 84 . int . car - same time - archive / reconstituted archive the queen and philip stare out of the car . for the first time , they get a idea of the actual size and scale of the crowd .. prince philip ( jaw drop ) good God .. the queen stare in fear and disbelief at the people lining the mall . in place , the crowd be stand twenty deep . he face be reflect in the car window . be they hostile ? be they people she understand ? camera flashlight pop . not . downing STREET - alastair office - same time alastair make a change to the Queen 's speech . we close on the text as he write , insert ... " ..speak as a grandmother " .. in the background , on tv : we see the queen 's car pull up . the door open , the queen get out .. unaware she word be be edit by she government . T ext . buckingham palace - day - live he queen step out into the crowd .. int . downing STREET - monitoring room - day tony and several aide be watch the television . on screen : the queen and philip be look at bouquet laid at the gate of the palace , read message and inscription .. candle be burn . incense stick . there be picture of diana , and mini-shrine . poem have be write . tony watch intently . behind he , the door open and alastair enter .. alastair they send a copy of the Queen 's speech . alistair hold it between finger and thumb .. 85 . alastair ( cont 'd ) you might want to scrape the frost off it first . alastair pass it to tony .. alastair I make a couple of change . so it sound like it come from a human be . alastair turn , walk towards the door .. alastair oh , and one bit of good news . the old boot 's finally agree to pay respects at diana 's coffin . tony spin round , eye flash in anger .. tony you know when you get it wrong , you really get it wrong . a beat ) that woman have give she whole life in service to she people - fifty year do a job she never want - a job she watch kill she father . she 's execute it with dignity , honour and , as far as I can tell , without a single blemish - and now we line up bay for she blood - why ? because she 's struggle to lead the world in mourn for a woman who throw everything she offer back in she face , and who seem , in the last few year , to be commit twenty - four seven to destroy everything she hold dear . tony storm off . ext . buckingham palace - day the queen continue to read the hand - write message for diana , " we love you . " " Rest with the angel , diana " . " you touch we with you love . " no also some which be downright hostile . " you be too good for they . " " they have you blood on they hand . " he queen stare , visibly shocked , then .. behind she , a small girl approach , hold a bouquet of flower . she stop , in front of the queen .. 86 . elizabeth oh..hello . he little girl try to curtsey .. elizabeth ( cont would ) would you like I to place they for you ? little girl no . elizabeth oh . little girl they be for you . elizabeth ( visibly shocked ) for I ..? the queen be throw . suddenly look utterly lose . vulnerable , almost childlike . her eye be puffy and swollen , as though she be fight tear .. C rowd of mourner watch intently . the queen take the flower , then turn and walk away , visibly shake .. int . buckingham palace - chinese room - day a television crew be rigging light in the chinese room in Buckingham Palace . janvrin enter and cross the room . cameras be be fix to tripod .. the queen sit in a corner go through she speech . anvrin you majesty , there 's a last minute addition from down Street . they be suggest add `..and as a grandmother ..' here . elizabeth right . the queen make a note on the text .. elizabeth ( cont would ) " so what I say to you now , as you Queen and as a grandmother , I say from my heart . " janvrin you think you can say it ? 87 . elizabeth do I have a choice ? the queen turn as SOUND recorder fix a clip-mike to she dress . irector we be ready for you , you majesty .. the queen get up . director just to confirm this be go out live . elizabeth right director and you will be at the front of the six o'clock news on all the channel elizabeth I see . the queen be lead over to where the director have place a chair and table in front of the camera and light .. floor manager ( call out ) ten second , everyone .. the queen sit at she desk . final touch from hair and make - up . the mall be clearly visible . the queen hold the speech in front of she .. director ( cont would ) five , four .. we close on the queen 's face , and .. elizabeth since last Saturday 's dreadful news we have see , throughout Britain and the world , a overwhelming expression of sadness at diana 's death .. watching from the wing : prince philip and prince charle watch . philip clenches he jaw muscle in irritation . I not . chinese room - same time he queen continue .. 88. elizabeth we have all be try in we different way to cope . the initial shock be often succeed by a mixture of other feeling . disbelief , incomprehension , anger and concern for that who remain . int . downing STREET - same time tony and cherie blair watch from they apartment .. elizabeth ( on tv ) we have all feel this emotion in this last few day . so what I say to you now , as you Queen and as a grandmother , I say from my heart ... tony flinch in sympathy as she say the line . cherie notice this , then .. cherie " heart " ? what " heart " . she do not mean a word of this . tony that 's not the point . what she 's do be extraordinary . ( point to the tv ) that 's how you survive . cherie turn , and stare .. cherie listen to you ! a week ago you be the great moderniser , make speech about the " people 's princess " , now you have go weak at the knee . tony bristle with irritation .. cherie I do not know why I be surprised . in the end , all Labour Prime minister go ga - ga for she maj . elizabeth ( on tv ) I hope that tomorrow we can all , wherever we be , join in express we grief at diana 's loss , and gratitude for she all - too - short life . 89 . int . buckingham palace - chinese room - same time the queen draw to a close . her face be inscrutable . the director prepare he crew to wind up .. elizabeth ( cont would ) May that who die rest in peace and may we , each and every one of we .. close - up of the queen : elizabeth ( cont would ) .. thank God for someone who make many , many people happy . the queen hold she expression for the camera . then .. director ( call out ) and we be out ..! the queen 's face relax . as do everyone in the room . a huge , collective breathe out . D irector ( cont would ) thank you , you majesty . but the queen do not acknowledge he . she remove she clip - mike , and hand it to the director .. .. then walk over to a wait prince philip , who protectively extend a arm . the queen and prince philip leave the room . people be leave stare awkwardly at one another .. over this : we fade in the sound of a haunt , elegiac hymn .. int . westminster abbey - day a soloist sing " libera I , domine " from verdi 's requiem , in westminster Abbey as : guest , ( include tom cruise , ton hank , nicole kidman and steven spielberg ) , arrive with swollen , red eye , for the funeral . uciano pavarotti also attend - along with sting , trudi styler , bill and hilary clinton , elton JOHN , mohammed al - faye , cliff richard , queen noor ... tony and cherie blair take they position at the front of the church . the first couple of great Britain . 90 . ext . street of london - day diana 's coffin be drive away . shower by flower all the way to she final rest place at althorp . T he entire distraught , tearful nation it seem , have come out onto the street to pay they final respects . slow fade to black : caption : ` two month later ' not . downing STREET - blair be flat - evening the face of tony blair stare back from a bathroom mirror . cherie be proudly tie he tie . check he appearance . we be in the family apartment above 11 , down Street . cherie put the finish touch to he appearance .. we notice she appearance have become even more stylish . go be she spiky hair . and the rough edge . every inch the first Lady . they have both come a long way in a short time . cherie so ? off to see you girlfriend ? tony now , now .. cherie I hope she show you some respect this time . it 's quite a debt of gratitude she owe you . cherie straighten he tie .. cherie Mr " saviour of the monarchy . " tony doubt she will see it that way . xt . buckingham palace - courtyard - evening tony 's motorcade sweep into Buckingham Palace . Doors be open by he protection officer . tony step out to be greet by the wait janvrin .. tony Robin . good to see you . 91 . janvrin Prime Minister . tony ( he most win smile ) tony , please .. janvrin allow himself a private smile .. int . buckingham palace - corridor - evening tony blair and the equerry walk along the corridor , and reach the door . tony shoot he cuff . clear he throat . the equerry knock . int . audience room - evening tony and the equerry enter . both bow from the neck .. equerry the Prime Minister , ma'am . tony walk forward and meet the queen , who , like janvrin , barely smile , do not make eye contact , shake he hand , and indicate a seat .. elizabeth do sit down . tony thank you . tony sit , and stare at the queen . her face be inscrutable . T tony it 's good to see you again . after quite a summer .. the queen 's face . stiffen . tony ( cont would ) I be refer to you visit to India and Pakistan , where you comment about end historic disagreement go down very well . ilence . tony ( cont would ) and the commonwealth head of government meeting . I speak to the Prime Minister of malawi , who be say how much he appreciate you tough stance on Nigeria . 92 . silence . tony I mean to tell you at the time but you be be monopolise rather . ilence . tony I imagine that occasion be quite difficult . twenty - four head of government each clamour for a private audience .. silence . tony take a deep breath , then .. tony also , we have not have a chance to speak since that week . and I want to offer my apology .. the queen look up .. elizabeth whatever for ? tony in case you would feel vmanhandle ' or vmanage ' in any way . elizabeth not at all . beat . elizabeth I do not think I shall ever understand what happen this summer . tony the circumstance be exceptional , ma'am . and in the end , you show great personal strength , courage , and humility . E elizabeth ou be confusing humility with humiliation . tony that 's not true . elizabeth you do not hear what they be say in the mall that Friday . 93. tony I still believe History will show it be a good week for you . elizabeth and a even better one for you , Mr Blair . tony but there be fifty - two week in a year , ma'am . and two and a half thousand in a half century . the queen look up . thrown by he compliment .. tony and when people come to assess you legacy , no one will remember that few day . elizabeth really ? elizabeth you do not feel that what respect or affection people might once have have for .. she want to say ` I ' , but instead say .. elizabeth .. this institution have be diminish ? tony not at all . pause .. elizabeth I gather some of you close advisor be less fulsome in they support .. tony one or two . but as a leader one have ... a different perspective . a beat ) I could never have add my voice to the chorus . elizabeth you be very kind . the queen look at tony , raise a eyebrow .. 94 . elizabeth but let 's also not forget the more pragmatic reason . tony which be ? elizabeth that without I there to distract everyone , it would suddenly become embarrassingly clear how much uncheck power the british Prime Minister actually have . tony look up .. elizabeth if fifty year of do my job have teach I anything , it be that the people do yours generally prefer I with all my fault to some kind of meddle President .. ( a beat ) just look at the french . the queen open she handbag , and take out she read glass .. E elizabeth ( cont would ) I suppose we would better get on with the business in hand .. the queen look out of the window . notice how the sun be set .. elizabeth ( cont would ) I do love this time of day . shall we walk while there 's still some sunshine leave ? I do hope you be a walker . tony I be . elizabeth good . the clock go back next week , then it will be dark by five . tony and the queen get to they foot . elizabeth ( cont would ) I always think this meeting stand a better chance of succeed if the Prime Minister be a walker . footmen open the door as tony and the queen go out of the audience room , and into .. 95 . int . corridor - buckingham palace - day blair and the queen turn a corner , and emerge into a corridor from the audience room ... elizabeth as a matter of fact , it 's how I think best . on my foot . I have never be one for sit around endlessly . a good walk and fresh air sort everything out .. unexpectedly , she stop . and suddenly we realize she 's be hold something back .. elizabeth one in four , you say ? want to get rid of I ? T tony for about half a hour . but then you come down to London and all that go away . elizabeth I have never be hate like that before . tony no . and that must have be difficult . elizabeth it be . very . they begin walk again .. elizabeth ever since diana people want glamour and tear .. the grand performance .. and I be not very good at that . I prefer to keep my feeling to myself . foolishly I believe that 's what people want from they Queen . not to make a fuss nor wear one 's heart on one 's sleeve , duty first ... self second . the queen stop .. elizabeth it 's how I be bring up . it 's all I have ever know tony one forget . you be so young when you become Queen . 96 . the queen drift off .. elizabeth I be . a girl . then pull herself back .. elizabeth but I can see the world have change . and one must ' modernise ' . tony well , perhaps that 's where I can help . elizabeth ( with a twinkle as they set off ) do not get ahead of yourself Prime - minister , I think you will find that I be suppose to be advise you ! int . buckingham palace - grand staircase - day the corridor outside . as the queen pass janvrin , he surreptitiously look at he watch , and raise he eyebrow . the queen smile .. int . buckingham palace - garden - day footmen open double - door which lead out into the garden . the queen and the prime minister walk out .. elizabeth so ... what might we expect in you first parliament ? tony clear he throat , then .. tony well , ma'am , top of the list be education reform . we want to radically reduce classroom size ... we camera slowly pull back over the garden , until the queen and tony be two dot in the distance ... time have move on . Sand have cover the footprint . the momentary hiccup that be ` diana ' already long forget .. fade to black :