written by Jason fuch this script be the confidential and proprietary property of Warner bros . picture and no portion of it may be perform , distribute , reproduce , use , quote or publish without prior write permission . berlanti production draft warner bros . 10.9.13 4000 warner Blvd '' 2013 burbank , CA 91522 warner bros . out of the blackness slowly emerge -- the incandescent twinkle of star in the night sky . maybe we eye be play trick on we , but for a second it almost seem that one Star flare brighter than all the other -- the second star to the right . suddenly -- kvwoosh ! the image splashes away as a woman 's boot stomp through it and we realize we be look at the sky reflect in a puddle of water . we rapidly tilt up to see : mary ( 20 ) in a long , hood raincoat , sprinting away from we into -- ext . central london ( 1926 ) - night rain fall . the London skyline loom large on the horizon . we track the woman as she race through the eerily quiet city , we do not know who she be , we do not know what she 's sun from , but one thing be clear -- she 's run for she ife . c/ U -- on a sign that read : kensington garden . we woman race past it . after a beat -- a second figure , drape in shadow , quickly follow . int . kensington garden - moment later wide on -- a bridge overlook a lake . in the starlight , we see the woman in silhouette as she race full speed across . push in on the woman -- as she begin to slow , come to a stop in the middle of the bridge . we get a_ good look at she face for the first time -- fiercely beautiful with pierce blue eye . breathlessly , she check she watch , then eye Big Ben in the distance as its massive arm tick to -- man ( 0.s. ) Midnight . a man ( 35 ) , ruggedly handsome , approach . man ( cont 'd ) they do say you would be prompt . Mr. dobkin ? dobkins ( nod ) we should move quickly , miss Mar we do not have time . you do have it - - do not you ? fuch 10.9.13 2. Mary nod and begin to open she coat , snap by snap . dobkin 's eye widen as if she 's about to unveil the Ho y grail when -- gunman ( 0.s . ) don 't ! they both turn to see -- a beard gunman ( 25 ) with a revolver raised . in a flash , dobkins have pulled a flintlock pistol . mary rapidly pulls'a gun of her own . we be in a mexican stand - off on the bridge as the two man begin to circle around Mary . gunman ( cont ’d ) do not give it to he , Mary ! mary who be you ?! gunman I be dobkin ! Mary level she gun at the first man . dobkins 1 do not believe he ! he 's lie ! Mary size the situation up . one wrong move , they be all dead . she level she gun at the second man . mary what I carry will change everything ! you know that ! swear to I you be who you say you be ! dobkins 2 I swear it , miss ! I swear it . she level the gun back at dobkin 1 . dobkins 1 he 's a liar , Mary ! I be dobkin ! Mary can not read which one be lie . she alternate she aim between man as they circle . dobkins 1 ( cont ’d ) I swear on my mother 's life ! mary what do you say ? dobkins 1 I say I swear on my mother 's life ! she eye dobkin 2 then -- swing the gun back toward dobkins 1 and -- bam ! -- pull the trigger , sending he over the edge into the lake . sfx -- a baby beginning to cry . fuch 10.9.13 3. Mary join the real dobkin , begin to unsnap she raincoat . dobkins how do you know it be I ? mary because where we come from ... she open she jacket to reveal : a cry newborn boy with piercing blue eye securely fastened into a wraparound sling . mary ( cont ’d ) no one have a mother . ( then ) let 's go . ext . central london - moment later Mary and dobkin hurry down the street . mary he know where to find I -- how ? dobkins spy everywhere , miss Mary . this be dark time . they want you boy . ( then , point ) this way . ext . church - night c/u -- a sign read : kensington church & home for boy . Mary and dobkin arrive at the step of the church . dobkin ring the doorbell . dobkins he will be safe here , miss . you have my word . Mary take off the sling , wrapping the boy in she raincoat . she set she baby down gently at the foot of the church door . she slip a note in the coat pocket , then take off she necklace , drape it around the boy 's neck . we hear the noise of people awaken by the doorbell . dobkins ( cont 'd ) we have to leave now , Mary ! come ! on mary agonized face -- as she gently kiss the boy 's forehead , tear roll down she cheek . mary I love you , my son . I love you -- on the boy -- as Mary whisper : fuch 10.9.13 4 . mary ( cont 'd ) ( 0.s. ) my Peter . we push in on the face of peter and then in on he mother 's necklace rest on he chest , from which we now see hang -- a SMALL , but iconic wooden pan pipe . the music swell , drown out the baby 's cry as everything but the pipe fade to black . angle on the pipe as_it rotate vertically and then tilt out toward we , horizontally , to reveal that from this perspective the series of wooden tube spell out , we title card : pan the letter flare -- not unlike that special star in we first shot -- temporarily blind we until we -- fade in : c/u -- eye close shut . boy ( 0.s . ) peter ! the eye SNAP open to reveal a pair of immediately recognizable blue eye . reveal : int . kensington home for boy - night a orphanage dormitory that feel straight out of dicken . peter ( 14 ) , scrawny , but a heartbreaker even if he do not know it yet , sit up to see he best friend nibs ( 13 ) , visibly malnourishe : stand at the foot of he bed ! nibs C ’mon ! you be go to miss breakfast . Peter nod , kick off the sheet . angle on peter 's necklace -- as he tuck the pan pipe inside he shirt . int . cafeteria - day on a empty BOWL -- as a spoonful of gelatinous , grey slop slap into it . Peter look down at the bowl , disgust . WARWICK keep it move then ! fuch 10.9.13 5 . a rotund orphanage worker , WARWICK ( 35 ) , clad in a apron , glare at Peter . Peter glare back , then move on as we pull wide to see : Peter in line with dozen of other borderline - starve boy as they queue to get they morning cup of gruel . text : London . 14 year later . November 1940 . on a balcony above -- we see the cruel - face father pratchett ( 50 ) , watch over this sorry scene without a hint of empathy . on peter & nibs -- as they walk toward one of a series of long communal table . peter this be barely left-over . how much you want to bet pratchett up there be steal ration ? nibs shh !!! if he hear you - peter shh yourself . he do not scare I . they find they seat - nibs oi , do you hear Nelson and winny both get adopt ? lucky bugger . peter both of they ? when ? nibs do not know . when I wake up , they be go . adopted . peter in the middle of the night ? do not that seem a touch odd to you ? nib shrug . Peter eye pratchett above . int . work floor - day we move down a row of young orphan , all hard at work recover fiber from old shipping 's rope by hand , until we land on Peter and nib . peter if pratchett be steal food , where do you suppose he 's hide it ? nibs his office ? I guess that have be the place . you reckon ? fuch 10.9.13 6 . nib see Peter 's face , realize what 's up . nibs ( cont ’d ) Peter , no ! I know that look ! int . chimney - day Peter and nib , cover in soot , sweep the chimney . nibs even assume pratchett be hide the ration in he office , what be we suppose to do about it ? ; peter ; we wait for a opportunity . then we make we move . Peter smile when -- Warwick poke he head into the chimney . WARWICK less talk , I need one of you up on the roof , clean the shutter ! Peter look to nib . peter do you mind ? you know how I be with height . nib nod , but before he leave , Peter grab he arm . peter ( cont 'd ) be ready . int . cafeteria - dinner time Peter & nib sit with the other orphan eat slop when we hear -- the clatter of a bowl hit the floor . on one painfully skinny orphan -- who look down to he spilt bowl on the floor , then look up terrify as Father pratchett storm toward he . skinny orphan it be a accident , I swear it ! father pratchett we give you this food while child starve in the street and you spill it on the floor like so much rubbish ! the kid be so nervous he tremble . on peter -- angere by what he 's see . fuch 10.9.13 7. skinny orphan please ! I be so hungry . sfx -- the clatter of another BOWL hit the floor . pratchett 's head shoot up to see : a spilt bowl_on the floor at the foot of a defiant look Peter . the whole room gasp . peter it look like I 'il be need more , as well , Father . as pratchett approach , nib take a deep breath and -- nibs Lord help I ... ( then ) oops . -- knock he bowl to the floor , too , spilling he gruel . father pratchett what devil have possess you heathen ?! another orphan , follow Peter 's lead , '' spill '' he dinner , to the floor , follow by another ... and another ... and another . pratchett spin around , now engulf by a sea of spilt bowl . peter ( pound on the table ) more...more ...more !.... more ! soon the entire room be spilling bowl and chant with he . Peter grin ear to ear , have the time of he life , as pratchett chase he in between the table , but can not catch up , slip-slide on the spilt slop as the kid keep chant . Warwick step in front of Peter , ready to grab he - but Peter simply slide on the slick floor in between Warwick 's splay leg , emerge just as -- sfx -- a AIR -raid siren wail in the not so distance . the party stop . everyone look frighten and begin to file out the front door . WARWICK you hear the siren ! not a drill ! everybody let 's go ! go ! on nibs -- as he begin to follow the other . Peter grab he . peter opportunity knock . fuch 10.9.13 8. ext . kensington home for boy - moment later c/u -- the headline of the Daily Express read : '' Battle of Britain ; Royal airforce patrol the Skies '' . we pull out from the newspaper box to reveal : the orphan be be evacuate to a underground bomb shelter down the street . pratchett count the orphan as they file out . father pratchett keep it move ! 47...48 ... forty no - pratchett stop ; roughly grab the skinny orphan by the arm . father pratchett ( cont ’d ) where 's the rest of you bunk ?! skinny orphan I dunno , Father ! honest ! every muscle in pratchett 's face contract into a scowl . father pratchett Peter . int . hallway ( kensington home for boy ) - same time on peter 's determine face -- as he sneak down the hall with nib in tow . nibs ; do not this seem a bit dangerous ? peter what 's the fun of it without a little danger ? besides , pratchett will not be back with everyone until that siren stop and that will not happen for at least another six hour . we hear a rumble from above as nib look out the window to see : a pair of british supermarine spitfire fighter streaking across the night sky . int . pratchett 's office - moment later it 's a live - in office space . the door creak open as Peter and nib step inside . Peter 's eye dart around when - something catch he eye . angle on a bookcase -- Peter approach . fuch 10.9.13 9. peter you ever see pratchett actually read a book ... he blow on the spine and a puff of dust come up . nibs have not touch that in a while , have he ? peter then why 's this one look brand new ? c/u -- a thick spine book that , indeed , have no dust on it . Peter pull the book off the shelf and -- kvoosh ! a secret compartment open at there feet to reveal : crate stamped '' ministry of food '' beneath the union jack . within moment -- they be rifling through one of the crate . nibs it 's enough to feed half of London ! nib immediately start chew on a loaf of bread , ravenous when he 's distract by something and stop , drift toward the window . on peter -- as he take another food ration out of the box and then suddenly he drop the food onto the floor , stare into the crate . Peter hold up a thick stack of english one pound note . reveal : beneath the food , the crate be filled with cash . nibs ( cont 'd ) Peter , you say the siren would last at_least six hour . that no one would be home till then . do you hear that ? a beat and then Peter 's face go white as they both realize simultaneously -- the siren have stop . ; peter ; put it away ! we have to put it all away ! now now now ! frantically - they shove everything back in the compartment . int . hallway ( kensington home ) - second later Peter and nib race down the hall as fast as they can . nibs always six hour , you say ! fuch 10.9.13 10 . peter well , usually it 's six hour ! sometimes it 's faster ! nibs . yeah ?! and tonight ?! peter faster . moment later -- Peter and nib race down the stair . peter ( cont ’d do not worry , we will blend in with the rest of they as they come back in ! pratchett will never even know we be go ! as -- boom ! -- Peter run directly into -- father pratchett oh -- will not he ? int . hallway ( kensington home ) - night nib sit , nervously , outside of pratchett 's office as Warwick watch over he . int . pratchett 's office - continuous pratchett sit behind he desk , opposite Peter . father pratchett trouble have a habit of follow you , do not it , Peter ? peter well , they say everyone have a talent , sir . pratchett smile . father pratchett you know what I think ? I think , you want I to punish you , to tell you , again , the worse you behave , the longer it will take to find you a family for the same reason you sabotage every adoption meeting -- because you do not actually want to leave this place . peter and why would I do that ? pratchett hold up the envelope Peter 's mother leave he . fuch 10.9.13 11. peter ( cont 'd ) how do you get that ?! my mother leave that for I , give it back ! father pratchett we searched you bed , find it under you pillow . ( open the note ) '' dearest Peter . everything I have do , I have do because I love you . one day I will come back for you and this will all make sense . never give up on I -- or on yourself . '' pratchett fold the letter back up , shaking he head . father pra ae ( cont ’d ) every orphan think they be special , Peter . they all have the same childish fantasy they 'il be the one whose mother come back for they . but the question you be just too afraid to ask yourself be . ( he lean in ) why have not she come back for you ? and do you know the answer , Peter ? because you be not different , ou be not special , and she do not eave you because she love you . she tete you because she do not want you . he throws the letter at Peter , who clutch it . father pratchett ( cont 'd ) the sooner you grow up and realize that , the better . pratchett open he drawer and take out - a blood-stain , wooden yard stick . he set it softly on the desk . Peter tense . peter be that how you be go to convince I , then ? you ? little stick ? father pratchett oh , the stick be not for you . Warwick ! Warwick appear at the door and shove nib onto the office floor . he grab Peter , pull he out of the room . father pratchett ( cont ’d ) poor , Peter . forever condemn to hurt the one you love the most . Peter 's eye widen as the door begin to close . fuch 10.9.13 12 . peter no! nib ! we get a split second glimpse of pratchett raise the stick into the air before the door slam shut . on peter -- shouting , as Warwick restrain he . sfx -- the cracking sound of wood connect with skin snap we to -- int . shower ( kensington home ) - morning crack ! on a towel snapping -- as orphan mess around . on peter -- grim face as the water wash over he . int . dormitory ( kensington home ) - later Peter walk through the boy 's dorm . as he do , notice : three empty beds , totally stripped . he look up to see riley ( 15 ) , a waif of a orphan pass by . peter Arnold and the twin -- why be they bed stripped ? riley oh yeah . pratchett tell we this morning . guess they be adopt last night . on peter 's face -- as a chill realization dawns . ext . recess yard ( kensington home ) - day Peter walk with purpose through the rear courtyard . he look around until he eye land - on nibs -- sit alone . Peter stride toward he . peter I know you be angry , you deserve to be -- I be so sorry -- but you need to listen to I right now . nibs I be do listen to you . nib go around he . Peter keep pace . peter Arnold and the twin be go . they be '' adopt '' . they go to bed like the rest of we and in the morning they be go . just like Nelson and winny . ( more ) fuch 10.9.13 13. peter ( cont 'd ) ( then ) no one get adopt at midnight , nib . nibs | what be you say ? peter the money in pratchett 's office . we could not figure out how he get it , right ? what do he have that 's worth anything ? nibs I mean , nothing . all he 's get be -- peter orphans . he 's sell we , nib . nib mind be racing as fast as Peter 's . nibs it could not be ... who have want we ? peter I do not know , but we be get out of here before we be next . nibs what about you mum ? if you leave - peter I be jeave one way or another , but if I be sell to God know who go heaven know where , she ’1ll never find I ! ( determine ) I be get out of this place and then I be go to find she . now be you with I or not ? nib take a deep breath . nibs ; I really do hate you sometimes . int . pratchett 's office - day on pratchett -- watch Peter and nib from he window . he turn away as Warwick enter . pratchett nod to the floor , where we see one of the open food crate ; the money -- visibly -- have be disturb . pratchett they know . fuch 10.9.13 14 . WARWICK shall I advise we friend to make room for two additional guest this evening ? pratchett shake he head . pratchett take the lot of they . ( he eye Peter below ) Goodbye , Peter . int . dormitory ( kensington home ) - night on a pair of feet -- carefully weigh each step , so as not to make a sound . slowly move up to see : Peter as he shoot _a glance over he shoulder . he make sure he be not be follow -- then proceed . second later -- as Peter sneak toward nib 's bed . peter nib . nib ! no response . Peter lean forward , pull the blanket back to reveal : the bed be empty . Peter react when -- voice ( 0.s. ) Peter ! Peter jump spin around to see : nibs sorry ! do not mean to scare you . peter Warwick be asleep . we be all clear . Peter and nib make they way past a series of shutter window as -- we hear a thump . nibs i_thought you say Warwick be sleep . we hear the thump again . peter I do not think that be Warwick . nibs maybe it be -- bam ! bam ! bam ! at that moment the shutter window behind they rapidly slam OPEN one by one -- like dominoe --— spotlight flooding through each , '' close encounters '' style . fuch 10.9.13 15 . peter run ! before they can even comprehend what 's happen around they , Peter and nib make a desperate run for they life as -- vwoosh ! vwoosh ! vwoosh ! kide be be ripped out of there beds , hooded and thrown out the window by stranger in the shadow . peter ( cont 'd ) do not look back ! just do not look -- bam ! a side window slam OPEN and - — nibs peter !!! vwoosh ! out the window goe -- peter nibs !!! Peter put the brake on , pivote to the window , only to see where nib go out - a man stepping in , with a cutlass clenched between he teeth . he take the blade into one hand and smile , revealing a pair of gold teeth . a live , breathing pirate stand before our very eye . Peter back away from the window . he do not see murphy ( big , mean irish dude ) behind he who grab Peter , hood he a -- in a instant -- toss he kick and scream out the window . outside the window -- boom ! Peter land hard on the wooden deck of something . he frantically tear the hood off and he eye widen . pull out to reveal : Peter be lie next to nib on the deck of a 160 - foot , 32 - gun , honest to goodness 18th century , galleon -class pirate ship -- somehow suspended in mid - AIR and docked in the rear courtyard along the top floor of the kensington Home . Peter 's head swivel right to see -- he fellow orphan be LED below deck by the pirate and prepare for the journey back . his head swivel leave to see -- what most closely resembles a coal - fire steam engine attached to the stern of the ship , except it 's belching a sort of phosphorescent gold dust as the boatswain and he mate shovel white rock with amber - colored vein into it . at which point , Peter 's attention be draw up to see -- fuch 10.9.13 16 . the black & white , skull & crossbone flag fluttering up above . on peter & nibs -- lose in the shuffle , they scamper to hide behind a row of barrel . peter ( cont 'd ) you be dream . this be a dream . nibs we can not be have the same dream , Peter ! Peter poke he head over the side of the barrel to see : Murphy secure the below deck hold , trapping the orphan . murphy all in ! on peter & nibs -- at the ledge of the ship . nibs we have to jump ! we have to ! Peter look down at the drop and he face go white . shake he head . peter there 's get to be another way ! on turk ( 40 ) -- anatolian with the arm of a wrestler and the eye of a killer , stand at the wheel of the ship . turk sail up ! everybody hold tight ! angle on the front of the kensington home -- from this vantage point , the ship be totally conceal . all seem calm when -- the ship slowly appear over the roof of the building , it 's sail rapidly rise . turk ( cont 'd ) and away ... Peter and nib prepare to jump back to the roof . turk ( cont ’d ) we ... nib jump first , landing safely . Peter hesitates , just can not bring himself to do it . nibs come on ! he finally steel himself to leap as - the sail reach full mast , catch a gust of winter wind . turk go! fuch 10.9.13 17 . woosh ! and with that the ship shoot straight past US , hurtling upward into the night sky . nibs Peter !!! on nibs -- stand on the roof alone , helpless as he watch Peter and the ship sail away . as the ship fly past we , we catch its name for the first time emblazon on its bow : the jolly roger . on peter -- as he sneak a glimpse over the side to see : London rapidly disappear into miniature beneath he . Peter begin hyperventilate . the first time we have see he truly panic . can not catch he breath . he shut he eye . suddenly -- the barrel he have he back to be lift up , revealing the hide Peter to - murphy what be you do up here ? peter catch a spot of fresh air ? Murphy 's tremendous hand reach out to pounce on Peter when -- sfx -- a familiar AIR - raid siren wail . turk man the gun , all of you ! Murphy turn back to Peter -- only to realize Peter be go . turk ( cont 'd ) ( to Murphy ) I say all of you ! Murphy hesitates , then give up on Peter , race to he post . int . filter room ( raf fighter command ) - same time a female operator ( 25 ) tear off a telegram , racing through a office fill with desk after desk of other woman seat at telegraph . we Operator jog out of the filter room into - int . command operation ( raf fighter command ) - continuous the bustling nerve center of the raf command . we girl race through it to find -- operator corporal , sir ! fuch 10.9.13 18 . a handsome corporal ( 30 ) take the telegram . read it , then -- corporal luftwaffe aircraft inbound ! ext . jolly roger - continuous we race along the port of the ship as cannon after cannon rapidly poke out of the row of gun port . on deck -- we watch crewmen race past a large crate . we push in on the crate until we see a pair of eye follow the action from between the wood panel . inside the crate -- Peter hide , watch the commotion . the pirate hurry port and starboard , until 's a familiar aeronautic rumble draw Peter 's attention aft to see -- a pair of british raf spitfire inbound at 240 - plus mph . turk incoming !!! just as -- bratatatat ! a hail of gunfire hit the deck as a third spitfire strafe the roger from above . the gunfire split the box Peter 's stand in open , suddenly expose he -- again . peter oh , for heaven 's sake . everyone 's too preoccupy to notice , though , as another wave of gunfire hit the deck . Peter duck for cover . turk dive ! dive ! vwoosh ! the roger abruptly nose dive and we 're suddenly in a epic dog fight for the age as the trio of raf fighter chase the roger through the skie of london with peter holding on for dear life . inside the spitfire cockpit - the Pilot speak into he radio . pilot Sir , the aircraft -- int . command operation ( raf fighter command ) - continuous we corporal and a cadre of commander be huddle around the radar station . pilot ( v.o. ) it -- it almost look like a pirate ship . there 's a beat of silence . fuch 10.9.13 19 . corporal come again ? ext . jolly roger - continuous the Roger come shoot through the twin peak of London 's Tower Bridge follow by the spitfire second later , zoom over the Thames , water spraying in they wake . on peter -- as he race starboard , desperately search for any surface low enough to leap out onto . Peter hesitates , can not bring himself to do it when -- the Roger bank hard leave and Peter go -— vwoom ! -- right over the ledge of the ship fall through the air until -- bam ! he grab onto something , leg dangle in mid-air . back on deck -- Turk notice Peter first . turk we lose one ! there ! we see what Turk see : peter with he arm grasped onto one of the massive hand on the clock -face of big BEN . Peter 's Pov : a 300 foot plus sheer drop down to the ground . turk ( cont 'd ) come around ! let 's get he and get the hell out of here ! back on peter -- he arm start to slip . he 's not go to make it . suddenly - he hand slip and we watch helplessly as peter free fall off of big BEN , plummeting downward , about to die when - — bam ! turk catch peter , slamming to the deck with he . turk ( cont 'd ) hold on tight to something ! we be not come back for you twice ! Peter frown , confuse , as Turk race to help he crewmen rotate the mast . Peter 's p.o.v. - the three spitfire be inbound from three different angle , all racing toward the Roger . as the spitfire near , Peter watch , mystify , as the crew rotate and then -- use a crank — — tilt the sail horizontally until they be isg rig at a angle off the port and starboard of the 's ike makeshift sailcloth wing . turk ( cont 'd ) take we up ! let 's get out of here ! fuch 10.9.13 20 . and just as the spitfire be about to converge on the Roger - vwoosh ! the Roger shoot up vertically like a rocket . inside the spitfire cockpit - pilot pull up ! pull up ! on the spitfire as they crisscross one another , just barely avoiding a three - way mid - AIR collision by inches . back on the roger -- the Pirates be secure themselves to the deck with thick rope as the ship rocket upward . pull wide to see : a furious race to the star as the raf fighter pursue the Roger vertically into the sky . the spitfire begin rattling violently as the air pressure and cold begin to tear they apart . from inside the cockpit —- we see the Roger in the Pilot 's cross-hair ; about to fire when suddenly - the engine stall . we watch as the Pilot 's spitfire drop out of the sky and he eject to safety . pilot 2 the altitude ! pull back ! the two spitfire peel off as the Roger continue throttling skyward . Pilot 2 slam he fist into the altimeter . pilot 2 ( cont ’d ) damnit ! on peter -- as he search for anything to hold onto and find a rope . he grab it as - turk hold on !!! the Roger break through the cloud cover and - suddenly we 're in zero - gravity as everything not tied down to the deck , including peter , briefly levitate , weightless . the roger stays suspended there in the night sky , the twinkling star above now indistinguishable from there reflection in the water below so that , for a instant , we appear to be enveloped by they on every side , adrift on a celestial ocean . on peter -- entrance , he reach out to a star so close it feel like he can grasp it . as he do , we angle on the Roger rotate 180 degree , so , that up be down and down be u and just when Peter 's finger be about to make contact with that star- fuch 10.9.13 21 . vwoosh ! gravity kick back in in the reverse direction , the ship plummeting downward into what we think be night sky , Peter 's grip on the taut rope the only thing prevent he from hurtle off the deck into space . wide on the roger -- as it drop like a stone , spinning wildly , the star a blur around it until the ship drop into the cloud and suddenly -— the ship begins to decelerate , the condensed water vapor slowing its fall . on peter -- as he stand , rub he eye , to see the ship engulf in a cloud cover so dense you can not see a foot past the bow . the pirate lead the orphan from below up onto the deck as the Roger emerge out of the cloud to reveal : a island ahead of they unlike anything we have ever see . it 's a tropical dreamland . lush green rainforest everywhere we look . Epic waterfall . in the far distance , a mountain range that 's tora bora meet everest . on peter -- as he and the other orphan stare at this strange , magnificent place in abject wonder . when he hear a buz noise and turn to see : a flock of flying fish , they wing vibrate rapidly like a hummingbird 's , all move in perfect harmony . in a instant -- vwoom ! the flock dive as one . Peter race to the edge of the bow , to see the fish be diving into : a floating lagoon -- literally , a massive floating body of water , suspended in mid - AIR , with all manner of sea - life swimming around inside . the fly fish dive in and emerge with mouthful of smaller fish . pull wide to reveal : the roger descending through a field of identical floating lagoon , dotting the sky above and below they . turk ( cont 'd ) ( behind Peter ) I would not think about diving in . angle on a floating lagoon below -- we see the vague outline of a fly fish as it 's -- chomp ! consumed by a silhouetted creature that 's crocodilian in shape , but dinosaur - like in scale , easily 14 foot and 7 - 8 ton of pure , reptilian predator . turk ( cont 'd ) crocs. fuch 10.9.13 22 . peter ( eye wide this be impossible ... turk nothing 's impossible here . angle on -- a sheer cliff face pockmark by tunnel opening loom over they as the Roger approach . peter where be ' here ’? _. turk ( smile ) Home . the Roger , its sail return to they vertical position , sail into one of the tunnel opening . int . tunnel - continuous it 's pitch black and silent but for the sound of water lap at the tunnel 's side . as the Roger move deeper , though , we eye adjust to see : along the bank of the canal -- a few dozen child , pick axe in hand , chipping away at the tunnel wall , there face illuminated by 18th century style miner' candlestick jabbed into crevice in the stone . the Roger continue on toward a light at_the end of the tunnel . as we reach the light , the tunnel passage open up on one side to reveal below : thousand of young adult of every race , color and creed toil in impossibly massive mining pit that resemble the diamond mine of earth , but on a incomprehensible scale . hundred of ladder protrude out of this epic terrestrial cavity . young slave cover with thick mud , they face barely recognizable as human , scale the ladder with heavy load on they back . at the top of the crater , we see even younger slave sifting through the pile of dirt and rock carry out of the pit . the brutal inhumanity of this work be a terrifying sight . Peter can not believe what he 's see . he swallows hard . on the roger -- as it pass into another tunnel , suddenly - the ship zoom down a incline , the water spraying into we face until it shoot out of the tunnel into -- ext . subeterranean lagoon - continuous the Roger spit out into a massive lagoon fill with dozen of ship just like it ; fuch 10.9.13 23 . galleon upon galleon , fill with wide eye orphan like ours , try to figure out what 's go on and where the hell they be . suddenly -- a shadow slowly move over they . all look up to see -- a ship slowly glide into position over the top of the cavern that make the galleon look like toy boat in a tub ; a 18th , century , 100 - gun , 200 - foot ship of the line . on the ship -- as its bow pass over we we catch the name on its side : queen anne's revenge . on the orphan of every ship -- as the pirate prod they to kneel toward the ship float over they . Peter refuse . peter I do not bow to anyone . turk oh , you will bow to he ... angle on twin gleaming wushu hook sword -- as they be both sheathed in rapid succession . turk ( v.o. ) he 's the pirate all pirate fear . angle on a iconic feathered pirate hat -- as it 's retrieve off a hat stand . turk the original nightmare . c/u -- on the eye of someone evil ... and cun . we do not yet see he face . we do see he immediately recognizable flow crimson coat and the two sword peek out from either side of it as he walk . below on the roger -- Turk push little Peter to he knee . turk ( cont 'd ) the man they call - on the Captain as he turn to reveal the face of -- turk ( cont 'd ) blackbeard . who be you expect ? meet : blackbeard ( 42 , mesmerize feature ) wave to the kneele child below , bask in they force adulation -- they fear . blackbeard hear I , you abandon child of another world ! where you come from , you be the miss . the unwanted . the unlove . but not here . ( more ) fuch 10.9.13 24 . blackbeard ( cont 'd ) here , you join orphan alike from every corner of the globe in a place where you never have to fear ! never have to want ! never have to be alone again ! the way he speak , it 's almost svengali like . we can see the orphan slowly fall under he spell as the revenge drift over they head . blackbeard ( cont 'd ) here we will join together in this mine , hand in hand , as one , digging for the Dust that allow we to travel between you old world and you new one . the dust that will allow we to liberate more of you brother , you sister so never again do they have to suffer as you have suffer ! we shall work , so that they -- like you now - - can be free ! blackbeard smile , warmly -- genuinely . blackbeard ( cont 'd ) welcome . welcome you lose soul , now find to a place we call ... grandly ) neverland ! and slowly , out of fear or hope , maybe both -- who know -- this kid start to cheer . and blackbeard revel in it . on peter -- stone face and more alone than ever . ext . entry gate - dust mine - day we follow a sea of orphan as they be herde through a narrow rocky passway into the mine as fearsome guard watch over they . on peter -- as a pick - axe be thrust into he hand by a guard before he 's shove forward . ext . dust mine - day c/u on a pick axe as -- thwack ! it slam into granite . foreman ( 0.s. ) for that of you just join we ... wide as we track a foreman ( 24 ) , close - cropped hair , a face that might once have be sweet , as he move down a endless row of young orphan —- a tableau of bondage straight out of exodus - as they slam they axe into the rock . fuch 10.9.13 25 . foreman ( cont ’d my name 's Sam , Sam smiegel , and it 's my unfortunate pleasure to wetcome you to the rest of you ife . we finally land on Peter as he strain to lift the axe . SAM it 's pretty simple , really . you all here be digger like I . and what we be look for be this lovely ... the Foreman hold up one of that white rock . SAM ( cont 'd ) pixum . this be what fairy dust be make out of . the bone of long dead fairy . peter fairy be -- they be real ? SAM be . past tense . there be million of they , all over the island until the pirate hunt they into extinction . peter ( still in disbelief ) but you mean actual fairy ? veteran miner hey , new guy ! rack focus to see a few miner over : a veteran miner ( male , late 20 ) , in the garb of a slave , but with the swagger -- not to mention rugge good look -- of han solo . veteran miner ( cont 'd ) you just arrive here on a fly pirate ship . Real should be a very luid concept for you right now . peter I be just curious be all . veteran miner yeah , well , next time you get curious , my advice ? ( smile ) shut up and dig . the miner glare at Peter and go back to work . SAM well , then -- any other question ? Peter shake he head and get to work . dissolve to : fuch 10.9.13 26 . series of shot -- as we watch Peter slaving away in the mine . digging , lifting heavy load as the camp guard watch over he and the other miner . a time lapse tableau of life in the camp . finally land on -- Peter silhouett against the sunset as he dig tirelessly into the night . somehow the sunset look different in neverland . the sun itself seem physically bigger ; the streak of pink and purple in the sky more brilliant . int . miner 's camp - night c/u -- Peter 's hand be wear so raw it 's bloody . Peter , seat at the edge of a cot , tear a piece of fabric off he shirt and wince as he begin to wrap he wound . sfx -- the sound of metal shear against metal . angle on -- a iconic metal hook make spark against the blade of miner 's axe . tilt up to reveal : veteran miner give I yours . the vet be seat in the corner on a stool sharpen he axe . he do not even look up at Peter . veteran miner ( cont ’d ) you axe . give it to I . Peter hesitantly hand it over . veteran miner ( cont ’d ) you hand 's all mess up because you blade be blunt . you keep swinging like that you be go to end up break you wrist . as the miner sharpen Peter 's blade use the hook : peter I be Peter , by the way . the miner just keep sharpen the blade . peter ( cont 'd ) why do they want it so badly ? the lust . veteran miner what have I tell you about ask so many question ? rule number one of stay alive in this mine be keep you head down . you can not trust anyone . blackbeard have informant everywhere inside the camp . rule number two , always listen to I . ( more ) fuch 10.9.13 27 . veteran miner ( cont 'd ) you break either of that , mark my word , this ' will end up be the shortest trip of you life . then the Dust be neverland 's most precious natural resource . with it ? you live forever . never age , never die . basically , the Fountain of youth . that 's the reason they want it . it 's everything to they . they kill for it . we die for it . happy ? he shove the ax back at Peter . peter thanks . veteran miner do not thank I . I do not care about you . I care about we make we quota . if you can not dig , we do not eat . it 's that simple . be we clear ? Peter nod as the vet stand and disappear deeper into the camp . Peter watch he go . int . dust mine - day Peter chop away , get the hang of it when he notice the vet stand a few orphan down . on the vet -- shirtless and chopping like a machine . peter ( 0.s. ) hey . the vet turn to see Peter stand there . go back to chopping . peter ( cont 'd ) I just want to say that if there 's ever anything I could do to repay you - veteran miner you want to make it up to I ? stay away from I . Peter nod and go back to chopping . the vet eye he proximity , annoyed , but just ignore he . then - we hear a young girl 's scream . twenty foot away : a young slave girl ( 16 ) be on the ground as a camp guard ( 30 , body by bane ) loom over she , whipping the ground at she foot , terrifying she . Peter , disturb , start to approach and the vet grab he . fuch 10.9.13 28 . veteran miner ( cont 'd ) do not . get involved be only go to turn bad into worse , trust I , I have see it . thwack ! as the whip crack into the ground next to the girl 's head . on peter -- he jaw clenches . every instinct in he body tell he to do something . on the slave girl 's face -- tear stream as she eye meet Peter 's in the distance . her eye pleading with he . help . Peter have to turn away . the vet nod . veteran miner ( cont 'd ) alright then . maybe you be not as dumb as you -- the vet look back and Peter be go . he turn to see Peter halfway to the slave girl . veteran miner ( cont ’d ) nope -- even dumber . damn it . kid ! on the slave girl -- as she shield she face from the guard when we hear -- peter you be hurt she . the guard turn to see Peter stand behind he ; look at this little waif , confuse . camp guard 1 do you say something ? slave . veteran miner of : namteevgnane ) to he didn Excuse we - — peter I say you be hurt she . the Camp Guard almost laugh . who be this kid ? camp guard 1 well , then , maybe youd like to havea word with the Captain about that ? the both of you . off Peter 's suddenly worried face -- ext . queen anne 's revenge - day thump ! thump thump ! a series of plank poke into position off the ship 's starboard . fuch 10.9.13 29 . below -- the miner see the revenge slowly move into position over they , stop they work and begin to cheer . on the ship -- at the foot of each plank , the pirate position a slave child . we move down the row of kid until we land on -- peter what 's go on ? the pirate behind he just stare back when suddenly the cheer erupt as -- blackbeard hear I ... blackbeard step onto the deck , wave to the cheer crowd . blackbeard ( cont ’d you brave heroes of neverlan his voice echoes loudly in the mine as the cheer rise . blackbeard smile . blackbeard ( cont ’d behold this traitor whose fate I entrust to you noble hand ! on peter & the vet -- as they and the other slave be prodded out onto the plank . Peter look down and immediately look ready to vomit . veteran miner still hate the rule now ? blackbeard stride toward the first plank , at the edge of which stand a young asian teen . blackbeard this one be catch steal from the grain store ! twice ! shall you have mercy ?! ( jeer from the crowd ) or not ?! the crowd cheer and with that -- boom ! the teen be shove off the plank , plummeting to he death . blackbeard ( cont 'd ) the people have speak . blackbeard move on to the next kid . on peter -- he 's third in line . not good . he eye the several hundred - story drop . peter do they ever have mercy ? veteran miner they have good day and bad . fuch 10.9.13 30 . peter how 's today feel ? we hear loud jeer and then the second slave get pushed off he plank , flail as he drop . peter ( cont 'd ) do not answer that . blackbeard move on to Peter . blackbeard here we have a new arrival . in the mine less than .a day and within hour involved in the brutal beat of a young girl ! peter hey ! wait ! a pirate prod Peter , shutting he up . blackbeard I ask -- shall you have mercy ?! ( loud jeer ) or not ?! crowd cheer loudly . veteran miner Nice know you , kid . blackbeard nod . the pirate behind Peter raise he sword . blackbeard the people have speak . and with that - boom ! Peter be pushed off the plank , scream as he plummet . on the vet -- who look away . can not bear to watch it . on the crowd -- enjoy the spectacle . close on peter -- about to meet he maker . he close he eye prepare for impact when -- suddenly we hear a hush fall over the crowd . silence in the mine -- and then a build cacophony of whisper . on peter -- as he slowly open he eye to see : somehow -- some way -- he be suspended in mid AIR as if , for a instant , for one boy , gravity have cease to exist . it 's impossible ... and it 's happen before we very eye . no one know what to make of this sight . the crowd just stare , several thousand pair of eyeball locked on Peter . fuch 10.9.13 31 . veteran miner so much for keep you head down ... on blackbeard -- who watch intrigue . back on peter -- who can not figure out what 's go on and as he stare down at the terrifying drop still beneath he , we see panic set in . his eye flutter and we -- fade to black . fade in : int . captain 's quarter - night on peter -- as he awaken with a start , leaping off the 18th century french rococo sofa he be asléep on . he spin around , take in the lavishly appoint captain 's quarter . as Peter explore the room , he eye trail over the assort treasure on display . a skull of solid platinum , a golden staff , and finally a wall of every sword and blade imaginable . Peter try to pull one off , but the weapon will not budge . he continue make he way to the back of the room , where we find : a panoramic turret window look out over neverland . peter 's p.o.v. - through the window , we see dust mine after dust mine dotting the coast . Beyond the mine _ we see a massive wall spanning hundred of mile , a colossal fortification the like of which we world have never see . and beyond the Wall , interminable wilderness stretch out to the horizon . blackbeard ( 0.s. ) beautiful , be not it ? Peter spin to see -- blackbeard on the other side of the room , remove a jade cigarette holder from between he lip . he slowly make he way to the window as he speak , like a beast carefully stalking he prey . blackbeard ( cont ’d ) I remember the first_time I see this island . it be like a dream you never have to wake up from . he stand next to Peter , take in the view with he . blackbeard ( cont 'd ) you and I have something in common , Peter . I be a orphan , too . orphans like we , we understand each other in a way no one else can . ( then ) ( more ) fuch 10.9.13 32 . blackbeard ( cont 'd ) I remember in my orphanage , in bristol , the nun read we bedtime storey about a lace yitke this . when you be a chill be alone in the world , storey be the only thing you have to hold on to . Peter nod , hesitantly . blackbeard ( cont 'd ) can I tell you a story , Peter ? out there , beyond that Wall , lie a savage people . and this savage , they have a story -- a ancient prophesy from the time before time , when the Fairy kingdom reign -- about a epoch when darkness would descend upon the land . it be foretold that , one day , there would be a boy bear of the love between a fairy prince and a human slave girl . a boy who would be disappear from this world and then , in time , return to vanquish the darkness -- to bring peace to neverland . a boy , it be say . ( eye Peter ) who could fly . Peter 's eye widen . blackbeard smile . peter you think I be that boy ? blackbeard I do not believe in bedtime storey . I do believe we make we own destiny and here , on this island , that 's what I have do . I forge a home for that who have none . that 's a special thing , would not you agree ? peter I guess ... he unsheathes one of he hook sword , back Peter up against the window . blackbeard and special thing , they need to be protect . ( hold the blade to Peter 's neck ) sometimes at great cost . peter I would never do anything to endanger this place , sir . ape ractically nose to nose . he bring the hook blade of Peter 's cheek , gently stroking it . fuch 10.9.13 33 . blackbeard I know that , but the thing be , Peter , you 's be a freak — - and freak can destroy the very thing they love the most , like a brilliant flame burn 's that it mean only to warm . and as with a flame , you can either control it -- or snuff it out of existence altogether . hs scrape Peter 's cheek with the hook , draw a sliver of 00 ! blackbeard ( cont 'd ) what shall we do with you , Peter ? what shall we do ... with you ? int . brig - later the vet sit alone , deep in think . when we hear - the cell door open and then slam shut . he look up to see Peter as he 's thrown into the cell by a guard . on peter -- he dust himself off . veteran miner ( 0.s. ) fly boy . Peter turn to see the vet behind he . veteran miner ( cont ’d ) that be some show you put on up there . peter I think you want I to leave you alone . Peter head to the other end of the cell . the vet follow . veteran miner that be when I think you be just a pain in my ass . peter oh and what be I now ? veteran miner my ticket out of here . peter and exactly why would I help you ? veteran miner do not you get it ? blackbeard can not let you live ! you be a threat . you stay oo die . you ( teele air show , can you do it again ? fuch 10.9.13 34 . peter do not tell I you believe in this prophesy , too ? veteran miner not_ even a little , but I do not really | care how you do what you just do up there , just that you can do it again because if you can ... I can get we out of here . peter and if I can not ? veteran miner then you be as useless as I think you be . Peter consider it -- no other way out . he nod . peter ( false bravado ) I can do it . you see I . just -- what be it , exactly , that you need I for ? veteran miner I be try to save you life , you make it sound like I be try to sell you something ! he eye the Guard outside the cell notice the conflict . veteran miner ( cont ’d ) you know what ? Fine ! he shove Peter hard . veteran miner ( cont ’d ) die in here ! see if I care ! he shove Peter again - harder . Peter shove back . ; peter what be you problem ?! prison guard ( enter the cell ) hey ! keep it down in there ! as the prison Guard approach from behind Peter . veteran miner roblem be I think I tell you eep you head down ! ( look to Peter , ( eyasperate ) I say - keep it - down ! fuch 10.9.13 35 . Peter frown then - get it and duck just in time as - bam ! the vet take a fierce swing at the Guard , smashing into he face , send he down hard , then drop down and retrieve he sword . veteran miner ( cont ’d ) there 's more where he come from . I do not know about you , but I be not wait around to see if he pal be any friendlier . Peter stand . peter if I be go to trust you , I want to at least know you name . veteran miner oh for the love of - fine . hook . the name 's James hook . happy ? now let 's get the hell out of here . int . dust mine - moment later Sam be hard at work , balanced on scaffold , digging when -- hook ( 0.s. ) smee ! Sam -- or as we will now call he -- smee look between he foot and see hook stare up from underneath , he face visible between the board of scaffold . smee I hate when you call I that ... _ _ hook complain later . can you get we to the top of the Wall ? smee up I can get you . down 's the problem . hook smile and pull Peter into smee 's line of sight . hook not today . ext . the wall - day a intricate , hallidie ropeway system ( basically a old fashioned cable car set - up for mine } zoom people and supplies from the mine below to scaffold lining the Wall above . on our heroe -- as they hide around a corner , wait for a group of pirate to bass , then surreptitiously board one of the cable car , rapidly head up . fuch 10.9.13 36 . hook I know listen be not you strong suit , so , try to pay attention . Peter shoot he a look ; hook ignore it . hook ( cont ’d ) on the other side of that wall be a sheer mile long drop into the neverwood -- the only place on this island more dangerous than the camp , which mean the only safe way out of here be on one of that . ( nod to a pass pirate ship , mid-air ) Problem be , they never set sail without a crew of at least a dozen man . two man versus twelve be not my kind of odd . peter ( be : himself ) well , three . Three man . hook ( stare at Peter , then ) like I say -- two . ( move | on ) if we be go to have a chance in hell of go 22 a air - galleon , we be joing to have to steal it when there 's no one onboard . point ) when it 's up there . as they clear another layer of scaffold , break the cloud cover , we see - hook ( cont 'd ) the skyport . a floating port structure resembling the old port royal , hovering high above the mine and far enough from the wall that a leap would be impossible . hook ( cont ’d impossible to reach unless you have get a ship . or you . on peter 's face -- the terror mount . hook ( cont 'd ) we 'il get you to the top of the water silo , that 's the high point on the Wall , right there . we visually id the water silo -- frighteningly high . hook ( cont 'd ) that should give you a straight shot at the nearest ship . ( more ) fuch 10.9.13 37 . hook ( cont 'd ) you_fly onboard , get it to we and we will take it from there . peter you plan be for I to leap from several hundred storey in the air , fly down and , assume at that point I be not yet dead , pirate a pirate ship -- from pirate ? hook nod . peter ( cont 'd ) brilliant . hook if there 's something you be not tell I - peter no ! just - get I up there . hook that 's more like it . when suddenly -- the cable car stop . hook ( cont ’d ) smee , we need to get higher . smee that be not I . with a jerk - the car begin move backward . hook spin around to see : at the far end of the rope line : a detachment of pirate be slowly reeling they back in . they be catch . hook so much for the water tower . you be go to have to do it now ! smee , elp I hold the line , I want to give the kid he best shot ! hook and smee race to the edge of the car , try to stop its reverse motion . peter' p.o.v . —- the nearest AIR - galleon sit docked at the skyport several hundre feet away . peter you want I to jump from here ?! hook get a better idea ?! vwump ! -- the car get drag closer to the pirate as hook and smee strain to hold it in place . fuch 10.9.13 38 . Peter step up to the ledge of the cable car , look down at the drop below -- he face go ashen . hook ( cont 'd ) you wait for a formal invitation ?! what 's the problem ?! Peter turn to hook and smee , look visibly ill . peter I -- I be not good with height ! hook what do you mean you be not good with height ?! you can fly ! peter ( hesitates , then - ) not until yesterday . hook yesterday ?! , yesterday be you first tii vwump ! the cable car pull closer to the pirate . peter hey , this be not my plan ! hook you think maybe you should have bring this to my attention a ditt e earlier ?! you say you could y ! peter Weil , pena ps if you have share you an_ with I before we be ean kilometer in the air -- vwump ! the Pirates almost have they . smee can we argue about this later ? on peter -- look over that ledge , air - galleon crisscross the sky below , he mind racing when - peter the axe ! smee , give it ! smee kick he axe across the floor to Peter , who grab it . hook what be you go to do , throw it at ‘em ? peter not exactly . Peter raise the ax above he head and - fuch 10.9.13 39 . vwam ! he swing the axe down into the taut rope holding the cable car . the thick rope splinter but don ’t split as the car shudder . hook . ( leap to stop he ) be you insane ?! don ’t ! before hook can stop he - vwam ! he swing the axe into the rope again , but this time - kvwoosh ! the rope split and the car drop , swinging like a pendulum toward a AIR - galleon several hundre feet below . on our heroe -- scream the whole way down : hook ( cont 'd ) if we do not die , I be go to kill you ! : peter lean in ! Left ! toward the ship ! they all lean , plummeting down , down , down toward there target until -- a second AIR - galleon cross into there path out of nowhere taking US -- and they -- by surprise as - ( wide ) eye widen oh sh - bam ! they connect with the ship , the pirate crew scatter as the base of the cable car hit with such impact it tear through the deck , its impact knocking the ship off course . we three heroes spill out onto the deck as the air - galleon continue to spin wildly . int . captain 's quarter ( the revenge ) - same time blackbeard stand look at map strewn all over he desk , cigarette holder in hand , opposite Turk . blackbeard and the status of the new fleet ? turk the ship will be ready , sir . the problem be we do not yet have enough pixum to get they all in the air . we be run out as it be , Captain , but unless we find new mine ... the invasion may have to wait . blackbeard it can not wait ! you have read the report . ( more ) fuch 10.9.13 40 . blackbeard ( cont 'd ) they world be already in ash . the great power be tear themselves apart ! there 's never go to be a better time for we to ake what be ours . if you can not find a way , I 'il find someone who can . Turk see something behind blackbeard 's shoulder . turk Sir .. turk 's p.o.v. - through the turret window , we see : our heroe 's AIR - galleon spinning violently toward the water silo until - — bwoosh ! the aft of the ship slice into the silo , pressurized water exploding out . on blackbeard -- as he spin to see it . blackbeard Peter , Peter . how you flame do spread ... ( then ) get I that slave . but , Turk ? Turk stop . blackbeard ( cont 'd ) I want he alive . ext . AIR - galleon - continuous below -- miner stop they work , look skyward , as massive quantitie of water begin to rain down on they follow by the massive silo tower as it collapse , send miner fleeing for cover . back on the ship -- we heroes race to the wheel , spin wildly . hook grab it , try to steady the ship as its port - — side grind into the Wall , SPARKS fly . hook c'mon ! help I turn it ! as hook and smee strain to steer back on course , Peter look back and pale . peter uh -- hook .. hook what now ?! I be try to steer ! hook and smee turn to see : the entire pirate crew close in on they . a dozen man against three . fuch 10.9.13 41 . smee ( look to Peter ) Z hope you fight better than you yee Peter lift he axe -- step toward the pirate , fearless . peter I have rather die free than live as a slave . hook yeah , neither of that option sound so terrific to I . hold on tight , I be gonna try something ... Peter and smee look to each other . what 's he talk about ? they grab hold of the railing behind the wheel as -- hook ( cont 'd ) let 's even the odd . hook spin the wheel violently , flipping the entire AIR - galleon 180 degree laterally -- turning the ship fully upside down , flinging the pirate off , scream , in the process . on the AIR - galleon -- as it fly whip whittaker style , belly up , with peter , hook & smee grasping on for dear life . only now it 's on a direct collision course with the top of the Wall . peter hook ! the Wall ! on hook -- use he foot , kicking the wheel back around . on the ship -- about to connect with the Wall . peter & smee hook ! vwoosh ! as hook keep kicking and - the AIR - galleon spin back over , a split second before crashing , just in time to sail over the top and onto the other side of the wall . on our trio -- as they slam back to the deck . hook smee , get to the engine ! make sure we have enough fuel to make the jump ! Peter , help he ! smee race to the aft of the ship . Peter look to hook . peter the jump ? fuch 10.9.13 42 . ho ! we be get ' che hell off this island unless you have any objection . gol on smee -- load pixum from barrel into the engine . Peter pois he , begin to help when -- something down below catch be eye . peter what be that ... peter 's p.o.v. -- a narrow river run along the base of the Wall , hundred of storey below . along either side of the river , we see : AIR -galleon after AIR - galleon under construction -— hundred of ship visible stretching out to the horizon ; a flying armada be constructed in secret . peter ( cont 'd ) why would blackbeard need so many ship ? before smee can answer -- boom ! boom ! boom ! a volley of cannon -fire exploding all around they , the concussive force sending peter and smee onto there back . Peter sit up to see : the revenge along with four other AIR - ship in hot pursuit . peter ( cont 'd ) hook ! we have company ! hook tell I something I do not know ! boom ! as another shell explode -- and we see : the engine have be destroyed . peter we lose the engine ! hook that I do not know ! on the ship -- as it begin to list downward . hook ( cont 'd ) alright , I be go to try to float she down ! this be go to be bumpy ! as the ship rapidly drop down into the upper canopy of the neverwood , coming apart as it hurtle past leave the size of CITY block -- hook ( cont 'd ) brace for it !!! fuch 10.9.13 43 . the ground racing up rapidly toward US as we - smash to : ext . pirate ship - continuous on turk -- as he watch we hero 's AIR - galleon disappear into the neverwood , send up a plume of smoke and debris . int . captain 's quarter ( the revenge ) - later on blackbeard -- stare at himself in the mirror . he remove the top of a urn in front of he , reach in and pull out a small spoon fill with the dust . on a lit candle -- over which blackbeard hold the spoonful of dust . he bow he head over it , inhale the fume and when he lift he head back up -- he be a man reborn -- wrinkle vanished , skin revitalized , easily ten year younger than a moment ago . turk ( 0.s. ) Captain ... he turn to see -- turk ( cont 'd ) the steal ship take more damage than intend . it go down in the neverwood . we be search for the boy now . blackbeard do not react . he move toward Turk . blackbeard I say , I want he alive . lean in ) I do not say anything about you . Turk 's eye widen as blackbeard pull away to reveal : a dagger plunge into Turk 's stomach . Turk fall to he knee . blackbeard go back to the urn , take another spoonful of the dust and heat it over the flame . on turk -- on the floor , die . blackbeard kneel next to he . blackbeard ( cont 'd ) the next time I ask for something ? he presses the scalding hot spoon against Turk 's open wound . blackbeard ( cont 'd ) give it to I . he take the spoon away to reveal : the wound , now completely heal . fuch 10.9.13 44 , blackbeard ( cont 'd ) find the boy . ext . neverwood - day angle on -- the dense canopy of the forest above we . we hear the twittering sound of unseen wildlife hide within the cyan shadow of the foliage . tilt down , past stun tropical tree that reach higher into the sky than Earth 's tallest skyscraper , to see : Peter , he face bloody , lie alone on the grass among the tower tree . he open he eye with a grimace and sit up . we hear a adorable , inquisitive cooing sound and Peter turn to see - a plant with undulate tendril that reach toward Peter , affectionately . Peter , fascinate , reach out , petting the tendril , which purr appreciatively in response . Peter stand , dusting himself off . as he foot step onto the fern - like grass - — vwoosh ! the blade of grass fly off the ground , like a swarm of butterfly that have be disturb , each individual blade flapping its erstwhile '' wing '' as the flock of grass make its way up into the forest understory . on peter -- take in the majesty of this place when - we hear voice . Peter cautiously head in they direction . as he exit , the plant tendril reach after he , warbling defeatedly . ext . clearing - continuous Peter emerge to find the ruins of the AIR - galleon , half lodge in a tree , half disperse all over the round . hook and smee be pick through the rubble , search for anything salvageable . on smee -- as he find a pocket - knife when - peter hey ! hook and smee turn to see Peter approach . smee pocket the knife . hook throw down a piece of debris , enraged ; storm toward Peter . smee easy ... hook we only way off this island and it 's in piece ! satisfied ? do you know how many year I have spend in that camp ? wait ? Planning ? fuch 10.9.13 45 . peter we have the ship . we can fix it . we can take the part and -- hook it 's not about the ship , Peter ! it 's about the dust ! we do not have any ! then ) I have one chance of get home and it 's over because of you ! hook stop himself . defeat . hook ( cont ’d ) we should get move . the pirate will be look for we . we can not stay here . the deeper into the wood we get , the more dangerous the wildlife . we should make for the coast , regroup there . peter you guy go ahead . Peter walk past they toward the wreckage . hook where be you go ? Peter ignore they . smee and hook exchange a look . inside the wreckage -- Peter dig furiously through the rubble . whatever he 's look for , he can not seem to find it . hook ( cont 'd ) hey. kid , do not you hear I ? quit mess around ! Peter spot the object of he search on the floor ; a dusty piece of roll up parchment . hook ( cont 'd ) what be that ? he kneel , unravel it to reveal : peter it 's a map of the island . I figure every ship have to have one . hook . ; what be you plan to do with that ? peter blackbeard speak about a Native prophesy . a prophesy he think be about I and where I come from . ( more ) fuch 10.9.13 46 . peter ( cont 'd ) if he 's right , it mean my mum be from here , which mean they might know wheré she be . hook they -- you mean the native ? be you insane ?! they have just as soon skin you as help you ! peter maybe , but they be my best chance at find my mother . you can run back to eart ! I be stay here . I be go to find they and then I be go to find she . hook be speechless as Peter walk past he . back in the clearing -- as Peter march past smee , hook follow he out . hook do you have any idea what 's out there ? this be not we world ! you ever look for a monster under you bed at night and there 's nothing there ? want to know why ? ( then because the monster be all here -- in this forest . peter I be not afraid . hook oh , please . grow up ! there 's a difference between be brave and be stupid , kid , and one day not know the difference be go to get you in a whole lot of trouble -- or worse . you hear I ? Peter just keep walk . hook ( cont 'd ) so , that 's it , that 's how this end ? you just walk away ? Peter stop , turn to hook . peter if I have tell you I do not know how to fly . you would have leave I in that rig to rot . I be sorry I lie to you , but let 's not pretend we be friend all of a sudden . Peter spin on he heel and walk off . fuch 10.9.13 47 . hook Fine ! fine ! good luck ! you will not stand a chance out there on you own ! and what 's more ? I do not care ! Peter disappear into the wood . hook look to smee . hook ( cont ’d good riddance , that kid be bad uck anyway . he be go to get we both kitle . smee hook ...he will not last a hour alone out there . hook that 's he problem . not ours . they resume the search for supplies . smee if he be the '' choose one '' , though ... hook there be no choose one , smee ! it 's a fairy tale for kid ! smee but if the native think he be -- I bet they have reward handsomely whosoever find he . ( then ) maybe even in pixum . hook stop . consider that . hook if the native realize he 's just a kid , that he 's a fake -- you know they 's 11 kill he . smee what 's the difference ? without we , out there , he 's dead anyway . besides ... who know ? he do fly . hook take a deep breath ; eye smee with a shake of he head . hook I get a bad feel about this ... ext . neverwood - moment later on peter -- as he move deeper into the lush , tropical yet vaguely alien forest . hook ( 0.s. ) flyboy . fuch 10.9.13 48 . Peter turn to see hook and smee catch up with he . hook four 's D ) we help you find the native on one condition : when_we get there , true or not , you tell they you be what they ’ré ook for . we collect we reward , then we go we separate way . bort Peter 's reluctance ) you do not know this island . we do . you want to find the native , you need we . hook extend he hand . Peter just start walk . peter come on then . would not want you to be late to collect you prize . ext . neverwood - montage peter , hook and smee make they way through the neverwood , a place of staggering natural beauty ... pass beneath luminescent jellyfish willow , tree with translucent , pulsating limb that hang liké swarm of ast fish ... through endless field of almost fluorescent bamb at ding like the key of a xylophone as Peter run he finger across they ... hike up a mossy rock that unexpectedly rise from beneath they , revealing itself to be the shell of a massive neverturtle . it 's a wilderness straight out of the deep recess of we imagination . utterly breathtaking , unlike anything we have ever see . a far cry from the kensington Home and Peter be loving every surreal minute of it . ext . neverwood / valley - dusk on our heroe -- as they make camp in a glen for the night . smee if you do not mind my ask , Peter , what make you so sure she 's out there ? peter just a note , say she would be back for I . something must have happen to she . she mean to_ come bac she would not have just leave I . hook oh yeah ? and why 's that ? peter because you do not give up on family . ( then ) ( more ) fuch 10.9.13 49 . peter ( cont'd do not you guy ever wonder what happen to you mother ? smee I suppose I have be curious to know . hook my mother 's dead . I be eleven when I get the telegram . everyone be silent for a moment . then - peter I be sorry ... hook do not be . she have leave I in that orphanage on my first birthday . the way I see it , I be not waste a any tear miss someone who didn 's miss I . ( then ) and you be only lie to yourself if you think you mom be a different , kid , hate to break it to you , but sometimes family give up on you and part of be a grow - up be accept that . peter do not you talk about my mother ! hook stop ! peter my mother - hook grab Peter , covering he mouth with he hand . hook stop talk ... right ... now . smee freeze as hook eye the tree around they . smee be we be follow ? hook not follow ... hunt - vwmoom ! out of nowhere a 12 foot tall , winged predator that's part cassowary , part velociraptor and all nightmare leap out at they from the bushes squawking psychotically . peter what the bloody hell be that ?! hook neverbird ... fuch 10.9.13 50 . they pivot right to they right to see - a second neverbird striding toward they with a snarl . hook ( cont 'd ) flightless . pack hunter . extremely rare ... they pivot leave to find -- a third neverbird scream in there face , its beak wide OPEN bear a mouthful of razor - sharp teeth . smee apparently not that rare . peter what do we do ?! the neverbird slowly close in on they prey . hook the don 's t see many human . they be probab . more scared of we than we be apt hem . the bird close to Peter poke its head toward Peter 's face , hissing at he . peter somehow I doubt that . hook the most important thing to do be stand you ground and not to - one snap at smee , who bolt , scream hysterically . hook ( cont 'd ) run. the lead neverbird , provoke , rear up , flaring its almost bioluminescent plumage as it emit a ear -splitting roar . peter how about now ? hook run !!! now run !!! the neverbird lunge at Peter and hook and -- the chase be on as our heroe race into the wood , running for there live as the neverbird hunt they relentlessly . at every turn , we can hear the beast a split second behind our heroe , hear there terrifying squawks , the SOUND of branch crushing beneath there serrate talon . on peter -— as he leap through a narrow gap between trunk . the neverbird , right behind he , explode hrough the passway , smashing the tree in its path , enrage : fuch 10.9.13 51 . on hook -- as he scramble for cover , sliding into a massive hollowed log . crouched , he race through it , push through tangles of root when -- crash ! the second neverbird burst its head through , directly in hook 's path , snapping wildly at he . hook fall backward , startle . hook try to get up , as the neverbird pull he head back out of the log , but he hand be trap by the root . hook strain against they when -- sk -rash ! from directly above hook , the neverbird 's talon come back through the log , slashing down at hook 's tra hand as he scream -- he eye reflexively clenching apbeed , then open they to see : his hand 's still there -- the neverbird 's talon be restrain by the root and all he 's do be accidentally slice open the one restrain hook . hook , freed , pull he hand bac leap up and race out of the log 4s the beast split through the root and give chase . back on peter -- as he splashes through a brook , join by smee , when they see hook run toward they . hook ( cont 'd ) guy ! over here ! what hook do not see be the neverbird right behind he . peter hook , behind y- boom ! before Peter can even get the word out , one of the beast be upon he , pulling he down to the ground . within a instant , hook and smee be take down , as well . on peter -- as the neverbird 's gaping beak thrust downward , tooth bare , about to shreed he into piece when -- thunk ! -- a arrow explode through the bird 's head , the tip of the arrowhead stop inches from Peter 's eyeball . Peter , shake , push the dead beast off he to see -- TIGER lily ( 20 ) , a strikingly beautiful Native warrior princess , hold a bow and arrow . without hesitation , like a one woman battalion , she reload , rapidly fire successive arrow into the bird atop hook and smee before she 's join by a five man native war party emerge from the tree around she . on_hook -- as he slowly stand , he eye connect with Tiger lily 's . a immediate physical connection . the moment break as - — — smee I think I know a Native phrase or two . let I handle this . fuch 10.9.13 52 . smee smile politely and say something in a mangle version of they language . the tallest warrior look to Tiger lily and then to the rest of they party as they all , slowly , nod at one another . smee ( cont 'd ) see ? I tell yous I have get this one under contro boy . smee smile , proudly . ext . cliff village - day we be flying over the tree of the neverwood , up into the mountain , through the mist , to reveal -- the hide , Native rebel base carve into the sheer cliff face of the mountain at a elevation of some 8,000 foot . no teepee here ; more like the anasazi ruin at Mesa Verde . this place be formidable and positively breathtaking . as we push in on they hide sanctuary , the SOUND of drum grow louder and we see the villager flocking en masse toward some type of tribal gather . ext . common / cliff village - continuous a open central area at the center of which be a massive FIRE pit around which tribesmen and women conduct a ceremonial dance . we find we heroes - bound to a vertical pole overlook the pit . smee I know another phrase . hook smee , shut up and stop help . on a stone riser -- Tiger lily sit with the tribal royal between she father , the chief ( 50 ) , a strike , proud man , and aiyan 'a ( 70 ) , she grandmother , the village holy woman . peter what be they sing about ? we see a large watermelon - like fruit , about the size of a human head , place on a anvil . smee maybe it 's a feast . thwack ! as a axeman murder the fruit with a tomahawk . peter & hook ( freak ) not a feast . fuch 10.9.13 53. the axeman point to Peter and two tribesman move toward he . smee start shouting stuff in they language . peter say something , smee ! say something ! the tribesman begin to undo Peter 's tie as the axeman sharpen he blade . smee shout like a madman until finally he say something and -- a hush fall over the crowd . peter ( cont 'd ) smee , what do you just say ? then , slowly , the villager begin to chant -- villager pan ! ... pan ! ... pan ! as the drum beat louder , the chant grow stronger . on the tribesmen -- as they leave Peter and instead free hook . hook ( perplex ) smee ! what do you say to they ?! smee well , I invoke the Native rite of challenge whereby we bravest warrior ... ( nod to hook get to fight theirs ... the villager part as we reveal : kiowa ( 25 ) , the fiercest , scariest , warrior you have ever see , wear -- literally -- a necklace of human finger and a wooden spike through he nose . this be not the guy you want to mess with -- and hook be about to . smee ( cont ’d you win . we live . you lose - thwack ! as the axemen split another nevermelon . hook I get the idea . they tear hook away throw he toward kiowa . hook ( cont 'd ) James hook. pleasure . ( be : the nose spike ) you know ou should really have that look at . kiowa just snarl back at hook . hook ( cont 'd ) so , how do we know when to st - fuch 10.9.13 54 . bam ! as kiowa land a roundhouse blow directly into hook 's face , send he to the ground . on peter -- as he realize something . c/u -- as we see the tribesman neglect to fully re-tie he hand . Peter quickly start loosen they . back on -- hook , as_he grimace , spitting out a tooth , look up to see Tiger lily , who he 's land beneath . hook ( cont 'd ) ( nod ) you highness . kiowa grab hook from behind , but hook -- vwam ! surprise kiowa by throw dirt in he face , escape he . Tiger lily look shocked . hook wink at she and she glare back , embarrassed , as -- boom ! kiowa come charging into hook knock he down . all eye be on the fight and no one notice as - Peter slip he hand out of the tie . smee clock it . Peter hold a finger to he lip and quietly undoe smee 's tie . on hook -- as he and kiowa now circle , before charging at one another . it 's brutal hand to hand combat , but somehow , hook -- outsize and out - match -- hold he own . bam ! blow after blow . bam ! hook be stay on he foot , bloody , but like maximus in the colosseum survive on sheer gut 's alone . on peter & smee -- as they furtively sneak around the perimeter of the erstwhile ' ring 's , unnotice . back on the fight -- as the tide turn in hook 's favor , Tiger lily 's breath seem to quicken . she almost seem to be root for he . kiowa notice the connection this time , rage swelling in he eye . hook ( cont 'd ) it 's not what it look li- now , kiowa be a_man possess . he grab hook by the torso spinning he and then slamming he to the ground with a thud . on hook dodging blows as he spin on the ground until -- bam ! one connect with he face . and then another . bam ! and another . bam ! and suddenly , the tide have turn and hook be be pummele out of existence . on peter -- he see hook 's about to die . he do not know what to do , seem tear when -- thwunk ! someone tackle he and he goe down hard , he head hitting the dust as he necklace goe flying . look up to see - a piss off Tiger lily . on kiowa -- he raise he fist ready to land the killer blow . fuch 10.9.13 55 . hook flinch , bloody , brace for the death blow when -- we hear a lone voice cry out . we do not understand it , but everyone stop chanting and turn to see aiyan 's a , _ the holy woman , who repeat it as she point to Peter 's necklace lie on the ground . and as the people of the village see it -- one by one by one they all bow , until we pull wide to reveal : every single member of the tribe , on there knee , prostrate before peter and the necklace . the Chief be the only one stand . he walk toward Peter . chief ( in English ) who be you ? Peter hesitates . hook eye he , nod . peter I be Peter . I be think I be the one you have be wait for . ext . neverwood / clearing - day air-galleon crisscross the sky , search for Peter . crane down to see : a detachment of pirate be inspect the ruin of the airship we heroes crash . they sift through the wreckage . on blackbeard -- as he slowly make he way through the crash site . Turks approach . turk we searched the ship twice over . the only thing they take be a map . blackbeard frown . turk ( cont 'd ) map or no map , the boy 's not get off this island . blackbeard what if he doesn 's t want to get off the island . turk he 's a_ kid , all alone in the wood . what else would he want ? blackbeard what all scared little boy want : he 's try to find he mother . fuch 10.9.13 56 . int . cave - night blackness until - TIGER lily ( 0.s. ) look ... vwoosh ! the flame of a torch illuminate a primitive , but beautiful cave draw . reverse to see : Peter take it all in . aiyan 'a speak in she native language and Tiger lily , hold the torch , translate . TIGER lily ( cont 'd ) it be a time of war ... we see crude drawing of the pirate hunt the native . TIGER lily ( cont 'd ) blackbeard and he man destroy gveryth in pursuit of the lust ... we see blackbeard lead the pirate on a scorched earth march across the neverwood . TIGER lily ( cont 'd ) but then my father make a pact with the geeat Fairy King , unite we people as one against the pirate . we see the native ambushing the pirate in tandem with little white dot that swarm around the bad guy . TIGER lily ( cont 'd ) the fairy could go where we could not . find the pirate 's weakness . help we win the war . we see one white dot sneaking into the dust mine . TIGER lily ( cont 'd ) the King 's favorite son and heir be the bravest among he people . the prince snuck into the pirate 's camp in the dead of night . and when he do , he find something he do not expect . the white light grow more intense . TIGER lily ( cont 'd ) something that would change everything . and we see a draw of a slave girl with a face we have see before . fiercely beautiful . pierce blue eye . fuch 10.9.13 57 . TIGER lily ( cont 'd ) her name be Mary . the prince lead she out of the camp . show she the way out of the darkness . we see the little white light guide Mary to safety through crack in the as-yet-unfinishe TIGER lily ( cont 'd ) the gizl wish to thank she hero , but have nothing more to offer than a kiss . to receive he reward , the prince take human form . we see a magical transformation as the white dot flare and when the light clear we see - a handsome human prince . TIGER lily ( cont 'd ) the prince and the slave girl fall in love . but though fairy can live many thousand of year , in the flesh of man they can live only from one sunrise to the next . and so the prince sacrifice he entire life to spend one single day with the human woman he love . and the product of that love ... aiyan 'a poke Peter in the chest . TIGER lily ( cont 'd ) be you . ( then ) Word of you birth spread quickly . whisper -- rumor -- that the prophesy have be realize . the pirate hunt you mercilessly and so you mother turn to the only one who could protect she baby . to we . peter you -- she know my mother ? TIGER lily we people help you mother to escape , to hide you from blackbeard in another world . and my grandmother make for you a totem , so that when you return , we would know it be you by this this symbol . we see a massive draw of the pipe . peter my necklace ... ( then ) do she know what become of my mother ? where she be ? fuch 10.9.13 TIGER lily she say you mother return to the neverwood and join the rebellion . fought as a great warrior . peter my mother be a warrior ? TIGER lily the bravest warrior we have ever see . the pan. peter the Pan ? be that what they be chant ? TIGER lily the bravest warrior of we tribe we call the Pan . kiowa - Pan , who fight you friend , be the bravest of we tribe now as you mother once be . peter be ? TIGER lilly you mother leave we village . just as you father give he life for she , you mother devote she life to protect he people . the pirate be on the verge of wiping out the last of the fairy . and so the King and all who remain go into hide , until a time when they could reveal themselves once more . they lie deep in the neverwood , still , a hide Fairy Kingdom . you mother remain with they . protect they . to this day . Peter 's eye widen . peter wait , you mean - she 's alive ?! be you sure ? Tiger lily look to aiyan 'a who nod . Peter 's eye brim with tear . he 's overwhelm with motion . peter ( cont 'd ) I have to go to she . you have to take I . I want to leave now , I - TIGER lily patience . peter my mother 's out there right now wonder why she son have not already come for she ! do you understand that ?! fuch 10.9.13 59 . TIGER lily no . it be you who do not understand . the location of the hide Fairy Kingdom be the great secret of my people . the fairy and they energy be the lifeblood of this island . everything here , the plant , the animal feed off they magic as we feed off the land . if the last of the fairy die , the island itself and we people die along with it . the lose Kingdom be the last and only hope for the future of neverland . ( then ) there be a map . Hidden in this tunnel , but I can not reveal it to you until you have prove you be the boy the prophet foretold . off Peter 's face - overwhelm , so close and still so far . ext . cliff village - night as Peter , frustrated , exit the cave with Tiger lily and aiyan 'a . as they walk up a rocky pathway back to the camp - peter I have the pipe . I do not understand what more you need to see ! aiyan 'a shout something and Tiger lily stop Peter . aiyan 'a circle around , stand in front of he , then reach out and place she hand on he face . TIGER lily she say you do not need to prove it to she or to the tribe , she say worry only about prove it to yourself . you do not yet believe . but when you do , so will they . ( then ) she say she can feel the fear inside you , but that you do not need to fear . aiyan 'a take Peter 's hand , hold it tightly ... and smile . TIGER lily ( cont 'd ) that as the prince lead you mother out of darkness , so shail you , he only son , lead we into the light . pull wide to see : Peter stand there with two generation of tribal royalty virtually spotlit by the otherworldly moonlight of neverland 's luminous three moons . fuch 10.9.13 60 . ext . adobe house - night Peter enter to find hook pace , smee seat on a cot . peter well , I be surprised to see you two still here . have not claim you finder 's fee yet ? hook until they vet you , we be not get a thing . I have to cut a eal . as long as we keep feed they intel on the pirate , smee and I can stay here as long as we like . peter brilliant . hook grab Peter as he pass . hook not brilliant . I want out of here ! so , whatever they ask you to do -- do it . because until they buy into you , we be stick here . peter ; do not worry . you will get you pixum . Peter shove hook off he and head to the back of the room . hook flyboy . ( Peter turn ) be you who they think you be ? peter I know that they knew_my mother . the symbol on the wall match m necklace . it would explain why she ieft I , why she have not come back yet — hook they do not pest think you be some half - fairy freak show , kid . they think you be they messiah . that you be here to liberate they . then ) be they right ? peter I do not know . off hook 's worried face . fade up on the pound of drum . fuch 10.9.13 61 . ext . neverwood - day reveal : that be not drum - we be in the middle of a stampede of neverbeast ( wildebeest - like in morphology ; elephantine in scale ) . this thing be big , but man can they can move . angle on a low ridge overlooking the migration -- Tiger lily , kiowa and Peter edge forward carefully . TIGER lily if you be go to lead_us into battle , you must first learn to prove yourself as a warrior . ( then ) watch . kiowa step to the edge of the ridge . wait for it and then - propel himself off the ridge onto the back of a galloping neverbeast . the neverbeast freak out for a second and then , kiowa whisper into its ear , and suddenly -- he's riding the thing . TIGER lily ( cont 'd ) the trick be to feel they motion . everything on this island be interconnected . we , the animal , even the pirate . you can not defend the land unless you recognize you be the land -- and the fand be you . ( then ) now you go . Peter look down at the migration . peter oh , no -- lady first . TIGER lily ( stare back ) go. Peter hesitates before -- boom ! Tiger lily push he off . peter scream as he fall , landing on the back of a bounding neverbeast . Peter hold on for dear life , he hand grasping at the beast 's fur . peter one with the beast ! one with the - his hand clasp onto one of the beast 's horn and -- with a colossal roar , the neverbeast thrashes its neck and hurl peter off as - — vwoom ! TIGER lily scoops he up , tossing he onto the back of her neverbeast . fuch 10.9.13 62. TIGER lily do not touch the horn . peter appreciate | you tell I that ead of time . ext . cliff village / common - day hook stand with Peter and smee seeaning to the Chief , kiowa and Tiger lily . he hold a long stick rawing a map into the dirt . hook blackbeard 's extend the Wall all the way to the shore in this direction ... ( make a line ) but_on the other side , he 's be building a armada . in secret . hundred of ship . like nothing I have ever see . kiowa turn to Tiger lily and the Chief . kiowa even if blackbeard find we , he would not need that many reinforcement . it do not make sense . TIGER lily that many ship ? that be not reinforcement . ( consider , then ) that 's a invasion force . hook a invasion of what ? ext . archery range / cliff village - day thunk ! as a arrow connect crude wooden target . reverse to see : Tiger lily hold the bow . she hand it to Peter . hook , lean against a adobe wall , munch on a neverfruit , watch in the distance . TIGER lily take it . now focus on the target and fire . block everything else out . and focus . Peter nock the arrow and - thunk ! hook duck as the arrow connect with the adobe wall , inch from he head . Tiger lily shake she head . fuch 10.9.13 63 . TIGER lily ( cont ’d ) again . ext . tree pillbox / neverwood - day Tiger lily and hook climb up a massive nevertree en route to a lookout 's post . TIGER lily from the look - out , I want you to show we where you see the air - galleon dock and - a branch crack under she and she fall into hook 's arm as he catch she . hook woah . you alright there ? TIGER lily let go of I ! she practically jump away from he . hook 's visibly insulted by she reaction . hook oh , excuse I . I be sure human contact can be very perzing to royalty like yourself , you highness . she glare at he . TIGER lily I do not have a problem with human contact . hook raise a suggestive eyebrow at that with a twinkle in he eye . Tiger lily open she mouth , offended . about to say something back just as - kiowa join they on the branch . kiowa everything okay ? TIGER lily hook Fine . peachy . kiowa nod . suspicious . you can cut the weird energy with a knife . he keep move and hook and Tiger lily follow . hook after you , princess . moment later - in the pillbox , hook join kiowa and Tiger lily . hook ( cont ’d ) now the shipyard be - fuch 10.9.13 64 . Tiger lily and kiowa be ignore he , look the opposite way . hook turn to see- massive plume of smoke , a forest FIRE raging . TIGER lily blackbeard . he 's burn the forest . look for Peter . they Pov -- as we see the flame growing , the fire nearing . push out over the wood , deeper into the black smoke and we come out the other side to see - ext . skie above the neverwood - day smoke here be so thick , it block out the sun . Air - galleon everywhere , spewing greek FIRE , a crude form of napalm , over the canopy . ext . neverwood - moment later Turk , flanke by a detachment of pirate , lead blackbeard to a tree . turk we find two more like this . blackbeard lean forward to see -- a marking carve into the bark : a arrow point toward the mountain beyond . blackbeard smile . ext . common / cliff village - day we be in the ring where kiowa fight hook . Tiger lily hold a long spear as she and Peter watch kiowa and another warrior go at it . TIGER lily a warrior have to master the way of ts'kali . on the two warrior -- as they do battle . it 's a stun combination of philippine eskrima ( blade fight ) and brazilian capoeira . Tiger lily hand Peter a SMALL dagger . she raise she spear . TIGER lily ( cont 'd ) come at I . Peter look down at the dagger . peter wait -- how come you get a spear ? fuch 10.9.13 65 . before he can even look up - TIGER lily be charging at he with a vicious roar . Peter duck , escape a thrust or two , even blocking a hit with he small dagger before Tiger lily sweep he leg out from beneath he with the spear . on peter -- flat on the ground , Tiger lily 's spear- point to he throat . peter ( cont ’d ) hey ! that be not fair ! TIGER lily you think the pirate fight fair ? Peter stand furious . peter enough ! my mother be out there ! she need I ! you think I can concentrate on this , know that ?! TIGER lily you dishonor you mother by blame she for you failure . peter you want I to lead you ? you want I to fight ?! take I to she ! until then , I will not fight for you or anybody . he stab he dagger into the rock . on TIGER lily -- as she watch he go . kiowa join she . they speak in they native language , the dialogue subtitle : kiowa what if you be wrong about he . what if they be spy ? what if this be a trap to find we base and - ; TIGER lily stop it ! we can trust they . we can trust they . kiowa sigh . kiowa when be you go to tell he everything ? he have to know . TIGER lily not yet . when he 's ready . we see determination in she eye , but also sadness . ext . cliff village - moment later Peter pass hook on he way to they hut . fuch 10.9.13 hook where do you think you be go ? Peter stop , near tear . peter this thing they expect I to do ... I can not do they , hook ! hook what be you talk about ? what happen ? peter they be go to find out . they be go to see I be not they bloody messiah , that I be just - I ! hook hey ! stop ! stop it . listen .... 66 . hook take a deep breath . Peter do not even look at he . hook ( cont 'd ) I do not know what you be . I know that you fly . maybe you get some dust on you , maybe you be half fairy , maybe it be a once ina lifetime miracle ! I do not know . but I know you be different before that . in the mine , when you stand up for that girl ... Peter 's eye lock with hook 's . hook ( cont 'd ) that be a brave thing you do . it be probably what I should have lone . hook shrug . hook ( cont 'd ) do that mean you be the one ? I do not know . I do not know if there be a ' one 's . but I do know that if you be not the guy -- if you be just you ... maybe that 's enough . Peter look move . hook get uncomfortable , immediately shut back down . hook ( cont 'd ) look , kid , you want to find you mom . I want to get my pixum . just hold on a little longer . make ‘em believe and we can get what we come for . go we separate way . alright ? Peter nod . fuch 10.9.13 67 . int . TIGER lily hut - night on TIGER lily 's face -- in bed , but can not sleep , when we hear - thunk . .. thunk ... thunk ... Tiger lily frown , sit up . she push herself off the cot . ext . archery range / cliff village - moment later on peter -- in the dead of night , practice he archery . Tiger lily , watch from a distance , unseen by Peter , smile . hook ( 0.s. ) what be you smile about ? she jump , surprised to see hook behind she . hook ( cont 'd ) sorry , do I make you nervous , princess ? she start to walk away . hook follow she . TIGER lily no . you make I ana 's ihidu . hook excite ? ; TIGER lily no , like when you have a rash , but worse . hook yeah , well , I definitely grow on you . hook smile as he walk with she onto a wood path . hook ( cont 'd ) so , you and kiowa-pan ... be you guy like a thing ? TIGER lily what do this mean -- a ' thing 's ? hook be you two , you know ... ( raise he brow ) human contact ... Tiger lily turn to hook , stop , alone now in the wood . TIGER lily we be promise to one another . fuch 10.9.13 68 . hook Promised , really ? so , how do that work ? TIGER lily he be the bravest of we tribe . I be the chief 's daughter . it be write . hook get it . get it . well , that 's great . good for you gu 's ( beat , then and you tove he ? TIGER lily why would not I ? he 's brave . honest . he fight for he people . he 's not a mercenary hunt for a prize . hook oh - oh , like I ? hook smile , shake he head . TIGER lily you do not care about anything or anyone but yourself , do you ? hook I happen to like myself , princess . without realize it , they be drift closer . TIGER lily kiowa say not to trust you ... hook . I would not trust I , either . he lean in and kiss she . she pull back , surprised - TIGER lily how dare you ?! you think because you want something , you can just ake it ?! hook who say I want you ? he grab she , pulling she in close and kiss she the way you be suppose to be kiss . she melt in he arm before - vwap ! she slap he across the face . TIGER lily no. no ! she storm back off into the wood , leave hook alone . fuch 10.9.13 69 . hook ( call after she ) fine. fine ! it be not such a great kiss anyway ! he kick the dirt in front of he . sigh . hook ( cont 'd ) Tiger lily ! he start to walk in she direction , when suddenly we see she come racing toward he . hook shake he head with a grin - hook ( cont 'd ) they always come run back . TIGER lily go ! go ! hook frown confuse when - vwoom ! a AIR - ship , the revenge , rise from behind her , breaking through the cloud cover into the night sky . TIGER lily ( cont ’d ) we have to warn the other !!! hook how do they find we ?! I do not understand ! hook and Tiger lily race back toward the village as the revenge be join yy a second AIR -galleon ... and then a third ... and then a FOURTH . ext . queen anne 's revenge - continuous Turk , stand on deck , look to blackbeard who nod calmly . / blackbeard begin . ext . archery / range cliff village - continuous on peter -- as he nock another arrow . when -- hook ( 0.s. ) peter !!! Peter turn to see hook and Tiger lily run toward he as - — boom ! boom ! boom ! he duck as a first volley of cannonf Ire rain down on the village and - vwoosh ! one of the air - galleon soar past overhead . fuch 10.9.13 70 . int . kiowa 's hut - continuous kiowa hear the explosion and leap out of bed , grab he longbow and racing out to see - ext . cliff village - continuous a massacre in progress - villager run for they life as explosion rock they sanctuary . on the revenge - Turk march down he line of cannoneer . turk Fire ! boom ! we see the archery range destroy . turk ( cont 'd ) Fire ! boom ! a row of hut destroy . turk ( cont ’d ) FIRE ! ! blackbeard watch over it all -- emotionless . on peter -- as he take cover in a ditch with hook and Tiger lily . they shout over the artillery fire - hook ( worried ) where 's smee ?! peter I do not know ! Tiger lily sneak a look out of the ditch . Tiger lily 's Pov : rope drop from the air - galleon and pirate start to drop down into the village . she duck back down , turn to Peter . TIGER lily they nre come for you . we have to get you out of here . nothing else matter . on kiowa -- racing through the village , call he warrior to battle as he pound he chest . kiowa subtitles ) stand and fight ! stand and fight ! fuch 10.9.13 71 . as the pirate make landfall , the battle intensify . brutal hand - to-hand combat as the village 's warrior make they futile last stand , fight tooth and nail against the pirate 's firepower with they primitive weaponry . back in the ditch -- they all shudder as -- boom ! -- a cannonball explode way too close for comfort . Tiger lily look to Peter - TIGER lily there 's a ppassway out of the village . through the canyon , down to the river . if we go now - we hear the whistle of a income round . hook move , move , move ! hook and Tiger tly leap in one direction , Peter in another as the cannonball ecimate the spot they be just crouch on . artillery pound the area around they and Peter scamper into the foliage . on the revenge -- blackbeard look down on the battlefield , he eye scan relentlessly . turk Sir , we recover we informant . blackbeard turn to see - smee Captain . smee bow . blackbeard nod . smee ( cont ’d ) glad you see my mark , sir . blackbeard we think we have lose you . where 's the boy ? smee I do not know , but you need the chief . him or he daughter . they know something youlre be go to want to find ... something big . on TIGER lily -- as she and hook dodge explosion , racing for they life . TIGER lily you do this ! you bring they here ! bam ! another shell explode behind they . fuch 10.9.13 72 . hook then why be they try to kill I , too , genius ?! before she can answer , see — TIGER lily aba ' ye ! we see she father , the Chief be hurried to safety by a SMALL retinue of guard . he turn to see Tiger lily as - a hail of gunfire interrupt they path , take out he tuard . Tiger lily scream they turn back to see , the revenge ower to the ground , a wall of pirate lead by Turk disembark , gun still smoking . hook and Tiger lily freeze . caught . the wall of pirate part to reveal - ; blackbeard go somewhere ? blackbeard step off the ship . all around they , the pirate be wiping out the last gasp of resistance as blackbeard move closer . blackbeard ( cont 'd ) the princess , I presume ... hook oh , I be actually just_a digger , but I appreciate the compliment . blackbeard smile as -- bam ! Turk punch hook in the back of the head , send he to the ground . Turk be about to hit he again when — — smee leave he alone ! he do not matter . hook look up to see smee with the pirate . hook you ?! why would you do this ?! why would you -- he launch himself at smee . Turk restrain he . smee I be sorry , hook . I be . I have family in that mine . you know what would have happen to they if I do not cooperate . I never think it would come to this . hook God damn you , smee ! before this be over , I be go to kill you ! do you understand I ?! that 's a promise ! fuch 10.9.13 73 . on blackbeard -- as he zeroe in on Tiger lily , take she hand and kiss it . she spit in he face . blackbeard ( tsk tsk ) you highness , where be you manners ? blackbeard smile . nod to the chief . blackbeard ( cont 'd ) do he understand English ? Tiger lily shake she head . blackbeard ( cont 'd ) tell he exactly what I say . blackbeard approach . he pull he revolver and move toward the Chief . Tiger lily translate as he speak . blackbeard ( cont 'd ) a friend tell I you have be keep secret . that all this time while we nve be digging we hand raw for scrap of pixum , that you have be hide something , shall we say , more substantial ? on peter -- watch the scene unfold while hide in the tree . breathe heavy . do not know what to do . on blackbeard -- as he hold the gun up to face the Chief . blackbeard ( cont 'd ) I be go to make this very easy : tell I the location of the hide fairy kingdom and I will let you ive . the Chief respond . TIGER lily he ask what if he do not tell you . blackbeard well ... ( cock the gun ) let 's just hope he do . gun raise to he chest , the Chief pause , he eye lock with blackbeard 's . he finally respond . TIGER lily he- ( choke back tear ) he say death be the great adventure . blackbeard do not react then - fuch 10.9.13 74 . blackbeard bon voyage . bam ! on peter 's face -- as we hear a gunshot and Tiger lily scream . Peter look around panicked when - he hear something behind he . he turn , parting the leave to reveal : a neverbeast graze in the wood behind he . on blackbeard -- as he turn he gun on Tiger lily . blackbeard ( cont 'd ) need I repeat myself ? on peter -- as he step toward the beast , carefully . as he get closer , he see another two neverbeast graze behind it ... and a SMALL herd behind that . and we see in Peter 's desperate eye a idea form ... on TIGER lily -- who stoically shake she head . TIGER lily no . you do not . she close she eye . spread she arm and quietly pray . hook hey ! what be you do ?! tell he ! he 's gonna kill you , tell he ! Tiger pily just keep praying as blackbeard cock the gun ready to fire again when - hook ( cont 'd ) there 's a map ! blackbeard look to hook . hook ( cont 'd ) damn it , just do not shoot she ! she say there be a map in the cave that will lead you to the kingdom . Tiger lily stare dagger at hook . TIGER lily what be you do ?! why would you do this ?! blackbeard ( eye hook ) be this true ? hook I swear ! she tell Peter , Peter tell I . there 's a hide map . search the cave you will find it , alright ? you get you kingdom , just let she go ! Tiger lily be shaking with rage . fuch 10.9.13 75 . TIGER lily how could you ?! traitor ! ( she hit hook ) you 's nve destroy everything ! traitor ! blackbeard 's man separate they as -- we hear a rumbling . turk what be that ? as - boom ! b- boom ! b- boom ! a SMALL herd of neverbeast come storming out of the wood trampling into the village as everyone scramble for cover . hook what the -- ( then , see ) Peter ?! on peter -- hold on for dear life on top of one of the neverbeast while cannon fire explode all around he , devastating the mountain base . peter ( terrify out of he mind one with the beast ... one with the beast ... on hook -- as he turn to see , Tiger lily come at he . TIGER lily why do you do that ?! hook I be sorry for save you life , sweetheart ! I promise it 'il never happen again ! another rumble pull they attention upward to see : the cliff wall above beginning to crumble . hook ( cont 'd ) if they keep fire , this whole place be go to come apart ! we ave to get out of here ! TIGER lily not without Peter ! on hook & TIGER lily -- fight they way to find Peter . as they do - Tiger lily spot kiowa , fight off a ever grow circle of pirate . she stop in she track . as she move to help he , she eye lock with kiowa 's . kiowa asptity ) . no! go ! the only thing that matter be the boy ! fuch 10.9.13 76 . Tiger lily be tear ; she know he do not stand a_ chance without she . if she go to he , Peter might be lose . kiowa ( cont ’d ) I say go ! TIGER lily kiowa - Pan - kiowa go! and with that the pirate close in on kiowa and he disappear under they relentless assault . go . hook come on ! we have to get to Peter ! come on ! Tiger lily , distraught , nod , and they race off . on peter -- riding the beast _as it bound through the yillage until -- bam ! a cannonball hit directly in front of its path and the animal rear up , hurling Peter off . he push himself off the ground to find -- blackbeard hello , Peter . vwam ! Peter spin away as blackbeard 's sword slam into the ground . he leap off the floor , pull he dagger out . the two circle one another , blade draw , as the mountain base begin to crumble under sustained cannon - fire all around they . blackbeard ( cont 'd ) you friend be die , Peter . for you . all this death and you be the reason , you know that . why keep fight ? blackbeard attack , Peter be able to evade . blackbeard ( cont 'd ) oh , yes . to find you mother . that 's why you will not give up , be not it ? you do not care how many die for you , how many suffer , as long as you find she . peter shut up ! you do not know the first thing about I ! blackbeard can I tell you the real tragic irony , Peter ? blackbeard slice he way closer . fuch 10.9.13 77 . blackbeard ( cont 'd ) you will never find she . and do you know why ? blackbeard lunge toward Peter , knock he dagger out of he hand , press Peter to the rocky wall behind he . on blackbeard -- as he raise he sword to Peter 's neck . blackbeard ( cont 'd ) because I kill she . Peter 's face pale . blackbeard ( cont 'd ) because she die at my hand with this very blade ... peter no . no , no , no ... Peter 's eye well up with tear . rage coursing through he vein as blackbeard press the blade harder into he throat . blackbeard just like you be about to . tear stream down Peter 's face . blackbeard shake he head . he raise the sword . blackbeard ( cont 'd ) do not cry . you mother do not . die a hero , Peter . Close you eye -- and think of a happy think . Peter shut he eye and blackbeard bring the blade down as - — vwoom ! hook come barreling into blackbeard like a human missile , taking he down . hook and blackbeard go roll . they both push themselves off the floor , ready to go at it when -- a avalanche of rock come rolling off the cliff wall , separate the two . hook spin back to Peter , now join by Tiger lily . hook Far be it for I to tell the chosen one and she holiness what to do , but we need to move ! now ! on blackbeard -- enraged . as the revenge pass above , shout - — __ blackbeard ; cease fire ! cease fire , damn it !!! on our heroe -- Tiger lily lead the way as the avalanche pursue they downhill . hook sneak a look over he shoulder . fuch 10.9.13 78 . hook we should run faster !!! TIGER lily almost there ! they race deeper into the mountain through a pass as - TIGER lily ( cont ’d ) almost ! the rock be almost upon they as they finally race around a bend to see - a mountain river - pass flowing over the edge of the cliff into a spectacular waterfall -- and they 're racing right toward the drop . peter this be you escape plan ?! TIGER lily unless you have something better - they reach the precipice - TIGER lily ( cont 'd ) jump ! scream they all leap together and disappear into the mist as the debris fly over they head , just miss they . ext . common / cliff village - moment later the village be in ruin ; the pizate be round up the last of the villager into a makeshift pen . on ayain 'a -- she dirt streak face sadden as a Turk push she into the pen . blackbeard Turk ! Turk turn to see he captain stride toward he . blackbeard ( cont 'd ) send two ship to find the boy . save the rest to search the cave . we be go hunt . the revenge lower and drop down a rope ladder for the captain , who take it . turk hunting ? for what ? blackbeard hold onto the ladder as the revenge rise . fuch 10.9.13 79 . blackbeard fairy . ext . riverbank / neverwood - day on our heroe -- shake and soak as they crawl they way to dry land . Tiger lily stand first , racing to Peter who sit , propped against a tree . TIGER lily Peter ! be you hurt ? Peter do not respond , catch he breath . hook , flat on the ground , lift he hand . hook I be fine , thanks for ask ... Tiger lily spin toward hook , charge toward he . TIGER lily how dare you speak to I ! how dare you ?! as hook stand , Tiger lily pound he chest with she ball ist . TIGER lily ( cont ’d ) you tell he about _ the map ! now everything my people have fight to protect will be destroy ! hook do you want to die ?! because that 's what be about to happen ! TIGER lily you do not know you friend be with the pirate ?! you lie ! you know ! hook I say I do not know ! I have no idea he be a informant , okay ?! ( then , notice ) where 's Peter ? int . neverwood - continuous on peter -- the world around he a blur as he walk , aimlessly , still in shock , stumbling through the wilderness . TIGER lily ( 0.s. ) Peter ! her voice be a distant echo . Peter just keep walk . fuch 10.9.13 80. TIGER lily ( cont 'd ) Peter ! Tiger lily grab he arm , jerk Peter to a halt . he thrashes he arm free of she . hook just watch . TIGER lily ( cont 'd ) stop ! Peter shake he head . tear beginning to stream down he face . peter you lie to I ... TIGER lily Peter , I be sorry ! peter {fall throat ) you lie to I ! Peter step toward she . peter ( cont 'd ) be it true ? TIGER lily it 's complicated . ; peter complicate ?! Peter shake he head . peter ( cont 'd ) be my mother alive or be not she ?! that 's all I want to know ! Tiger lily look from hook to Peter . then - TIGER lily blackbeard speak the truth . Peter do not know what to say . peter and you lie to I - why ? so , I would fight with you ? lead you bloody rebellion ?! well , I guess the joke 's on you then , be not it ?! because I be not the one you be look for ! hook Peter - — peter I believe my mother come to you ! okay ? ( more ) fuch 10.9.13 81. peter ( cont 'd ) I believe my father be who you say he be and that I be half fair brilliant , but it do not make I the fulfillment of you prophesy ! whoever it be you think I be , whatever it be you expect I to be -- ( pause , then ) I be not and I can not ! Peter turn and walk past she , back toward the riverbank , leave a shake Tiger lily and hook . hook you should have tell he ... Tiger lily stare at hook with contempt . TIGER lily because of what you do , he mother die for nothing . she walk after Peter , pass hook . TIGER lily ( cont 'd ) just like my father . ext . riverbank / neverwood - continuous angle on -- Mary 's letter to Peter . Peter hold it in he hand as he stand at the river bank then , hopeless , tear the letter up , throw the piece into the river . he stare at the piece of paper wash away when - TIGER lily ograb he ) Care she pull he behind a tree , point upward . a air - galleon pass high above . they wait for it to pass in silence . then - TIGER lily ( cont 'd ) he 's not go to stop took of for you . we have to get you somepla : safe . hook ( emerge from the tree ) I be sorry , oyu see what 's go on out note ? blackbeard 's on war foot . nowhere on this island be safe . Tiger lily hesitates . TIGER lily there be one place on this island even the pirate would not go . Peter look to hook and then back to Tiger lily . fuch 10.9.13 82 . peter where 's that ? ext . river / neverwood - day we be moving rapidly over water . TIGER lily ( 0.s. ) my people call it na ’afi kuguri . in you word : mermaid lagoon . we keep pushing down -river until we find : a makeshift raft float downstream with we three heroes on it . as they make they way downstream , Tiger lily sharpen a spear make from branch with a point rock attach at the end . Peter sit at the edge of the raft , he foot dangle in the water . peter mermaid lagoon ? that 's the one place the pirate will not go ? Tiger lily nod and hand Peter the spear . she start work on another one . peter ( cont 'd ) the pirate be afraid of mermaid ? TIGER lily no . they be afraid of what you have to pass through to get there . hook , fashion he own spear , smile at Peter . hook you be not afraid of a few croc be you , Peter ? hook smile . Peter pull he foot out of the water . int . cave / cliff village - day Turk lead a small pirate search party deeper into the cave . turk it 's get to be here somewhere ! keep look ! on smee -- as he branch off down a side tunnel , hold a torch . we track he down the tunnel , until we see he eye widen and a smile appear as he see something . smee blimey ... moment later -- smee hurriedly lead blackbeard , Turk and a group of pirate back to the spot. fuch 10.9.13 83 . smee ( cont ’d ) Captain , I think -- smee raise he torch to reveal on the wall : the map to the fairy kingdom . smee ( cont ’d ) you be go to be very happy . blackbeard , he face illuminate by smee 's torchlight , lean forward take in the map . blackbeard Mr. Turk -- I want you to load up a air - galleon with as many slave as it can carry and bring they -- ( point to the X on the here . mr then I want you to fill another ship and another and another . as fast as you can . turk any particular kind of slave , sir ? blackbeard digger . give I digger . ext . croc alley / neverwood - night we heroes continue they riverine journey to mermaid lagoon . several make -shift torch be wedge into the flooring of the raft . on peter -- stare out at the wood , he head still somewhere else . hook sit down next to he . hook you okay ? peter do you care ? hook noone ) no. I do not . Peter turn to he . peter when you get the telegram , that you mum have die -- how do you eep go ? fuch 10.9.13 84 . hook I do not know . at a certain age , you get to a place where enough bad stuff e7ebse and enough good stuff do not , you accept you life be not go to be what you imagine it would be . you grow up . and you keep go because ... you have to . angle on the water -- as several rows of fin - like reptilian scale silently break the surface of the river . unseen by we heroes , they snake toward the raft . hook ( cont 'd ) happy ending be for story book , but story book be for kid , Peter . you can not stay a kid forever . even in neverland . Peter consider this when - TIGER lily hayathu ! Peter and hook jump up . peter what do she say ? as they spin to see , behind they -- the gaping jaw of a 8 ton never - croc emerge from the water . Peter and hook stumble backward as the croc dive back down , swim underneath the raft . TIGER lily grab the torch ! they be afraid of the flame ! hook we be go to be alright , kid ! as long it 's only one of they ! peter uh -- hook .. hook trace Peter 's gaze to see -- the telltale scale of another never - croc break the surface , come right at they from the other direction . hook alright , that 's not great . ( then ) get a torch , kid ! what be you stand around for ?! Peter grab a torch , as we three heroes move back - to- back , torch at the ready . a beat . no sign of they . fuch 10.9.13 85 . peter do we scare they off ? vwoom ! one of the croc explode , dolphin like , out of the water flying over the raft . illuminated by there torch , we got our first good look at this thing , which resembles the fame cretaceous -era sarcosuchus ( " super croc '' ) more than anything else . peter ( cont 'd ) Jesus ! ( as it . splashes down ) they can fly ?! hook they can not fly , but they can sure as hell jump ! keep wave that thing ! Higher ! the second croc explode out of the river , soaring over they and splash down . the wave beneath the raft be building . peter they be try to knock we overbo- wham ! a wave tilt up the end of the raft peter 's stand on and - splash ! he goe headfirst into the water , disappearing beneath the surface . hook Peter ! peter ! TIGER lily where would he go !? hook he go down ! I think I see he ! hook kneel down , thrust he arm into the water . hook ( cont 'd ) grab my hand ! take it ! and_then -- we see hook jerk downward and he face pale as he realize something 's get he . he tries to pull he hand back , but can not . hook ( cont 'd ) I need some help ! help ! Tiger lily race over and strain to pull hook out . as she pull he back onto the raft , he pull out with he -- TIGER lily Peter ! we hero , gasp for air . peter it have I ! but it let go ! fuch 10.9.13 86 . hook look up to see the never - croc scale , disappear into the other direction just as -- hook what be they run from ? as - a light illuminate he face , distort from beneath the water . he look down to see , beneath the surface : the bioluminescent outline of the sexiest , most beautiful mermaid ( 20 ) you have ever see . her porcelain skin literally glow as if it be its own light source . on peter -- as he spot another one on he side . peter be this -- TIGER lily mermaids . this be sacred creature . even the crocodile will not harm they . peter they be so ... Peter be completely consume by they beauty . hook nod . hook you can say that again . Tiger lily make a dismissive noise . hook eye she . hook ( cont 'd ) Problem ? Tiger lily ignore he , turn to Peter . TIGER lily they be give we safe passage . peter why 's that ? TIGER lily because mermaid be creature of the mind . they can read we thought ... and they must feel we have something worth protect . Tiger lily eye Peter . Peter just turn away . as we pull wide to see : the raft surround by a pod of mermaid escort they to safety . fuch 10.9.13 87 . ext . mermaid lagoon - night it 's night , but the mermaid swim beneath the surface illuminate the subterranean 1agoon | in_a kaleidoscope of color so bright it could be the middle of the day . on our hero raft -- as it make its way into the lagoon , pass a ship wreck on the shore . TIGER lily they ’11l protect we here for as long as we need they to . as they speak , the raft make landfall , docking at a natural harbor on the perimeter of the lagoon . hook I be go to check out that wreck . see if there 's anything worth salvage . hook hop off raft and head toward the ship , leave Peter alone with Tiger lily . TIGER lily I be sorry I do not tell you what happen to you mother -- but blackbeard do not tell you the whole truth either . peter I do not understand . TIGER lily let I show you . peter show I ? Tiger lily nod . moment later -- Peter and Tiger lily be in the water . TIGER lily because of the mermaid , the water here be charge with they a’shana -- they energy . you can see through my eye . be you ready ? Peter take a deep breath . peter I be ready . TIGER lily hold you breath . and with that , Tiger lily place she hand on Peter 's face , begin to pray and then dunk he into the water like he 's be baptize . fuch 10.9.13 88 . on peter 's face -- he eye close and the minute he 's submerge we be instantly transported to : ext . neverwood - day / flashback vwoosh ! the image land into view like that in dumbledore 's pensieve . we be flying over and through a epic battle between the pirate on the one side and the native and fairy on the other . every so often the image ripple like its project over water . a fierce clash , but it 's clear the pirate be win . TIGER lily ( v.o. ) we fight with we fairy brother , but we could not reverse the tide ... on a_ SMALL , beautiful native girl ( 5 ) - - as she watch the battle , terrify . TIGER lily I see it all . and I watch as you mother do what thirty man coul not . we see Mary , dress as a native warrior , she hair crop} ed short , and a virtual master in the martial art of ts’kali . TIGER lily ( cont 'd ) and it be still not enough . the last of the Fairy Kingdom be on the verge of devastation ... in she eye , we see she know this be the end . TIGER lily ( cont 'd ) and so you mother tell the Fairy King and he people to retreat . to disappear into the wood . that she would hold off blackbeard as long as she could . on mary -- as she and blackbeard go one on one . a epic sword fight between two titan . TIGER lily ( cont ’d ) until .. blackbeard get the advantage and -- we only see glimpsis of what happen next : Mary 's eye widening ... she sword falling ... blackbeard 's face fill with hate ... angle on mary -- lie die as the white light of the fairy intensify around she . fuch 10.9.13 89 . TIGER lily ( cont ’d ) she sacrifice herself to protect the Kingdom . but , in so do , something extraordinary happen ... we see the white light , the fairy , around Mary , rotate around she , faster and faster . until , they flare -- a massive white , explosion of light shoot out from mary , blinding US - and when our vision clear ... ext . mermaid lagoon - night / present Tiger lily pull Peter 's head out of the water . he catch he breath . TIGER lily in death , she find new life . she become a part of the island . her itu-awai , she life force , still , protect the secret of the kingdom . it push away all who seek to destroy it and have keep they hide all this year . she be what have keep they safe . peter I do not understand ... TIGER lily you mother be not really go , Peter . but if what she give she life to protect be destroy , what 's leave of she will be destroy with it . Peter shake he head , wading back onto dry land . peter what if I can not do what she do ? what if I fail ? TIGER lily if you do not try , if you do not fight -- then you have already fail . and blackbeard have already win . as Peter consider this - hook hey ! they turn to see hook approach . hook ( cont 'd ) ( smile ) you be not go to believe what I find . fuch 10.9.13 90 . ext . mermaid lagoon - moment later on hook -- as he lead they toward the shipwreck . hook the hull 's pretty bang BP . look like tooth mark . apparently that croc can jump pretty high , but ... hook make he way to the back of the ship , toward the engine , which he open to reveal - hook ( cont 'd ) get a load of this . the engine be fill with pixum . hook beam . hook ( cont 'd ) if I can fix that hull -- and I can -- it should be enough . TIGER lily enough for what ? hook to get we the hell off this island . Peter turn away . conflict . TIGER lily after everything , you want to run like a coward ? hook I mean , I have not think of it in that exact term , but generally speak ... yes ! hook laugh . Tiger lily do not . Peter just stare at the water . hook ( cont 'd ) good grief , I think you two would be thrilled ! Tiger lily shake she head . TIGER lily . so , that 's it ? you will go home . hook listen , princess , I do not like blackbeard any more than the next miner , but this fight 's over . you base be go . whoever survive the attack be probably in a camp by now . ( then ) I have be in that camp . I be not go back . not for anything . x anyone . fuch 10.9.13 gl . TIGER lily you know as well as I do what blackbeard 's plan ! that ship ? that invasion force ? he 's comin for you world ! and if he get of the hide kingdom , he x11 rave all the dust he need to actually do it . you want to go home ? you will not have a home to go back to if we do not stop he ! hook that 's a guess ! TIGER lily it 's more than a guess ! hook ( shrug ) great , at least I 'il die later ! we fight he now , we be all dead and you know it . Tiger lily keep herself together , but we can see she 's hurt . TIGER lily if you have no reason to stay , then go . hook oh , do not go mushy on I now , you highness ... TIGER lily if you can leave we to die -- hook I do not want you to die ! I want you to come with I ! TIGER lily and if I do not . hook then that 's you decision . not mine . Tiger lily glare at he and walk away , leave Peter alone with hook . hook ( cont 'd ) look like it 's just you and I kid . you name the place and I 's il take you there , just so long as it 's out of here . Peter hesitates . hook ( cont 'd ) what do you say ? fuch 10.9.13 92 . hook extend he hand . Peter take a deep breath . ext . mermaid lagoon - moment later on TIGER lily -- she sit she foot dangle in the water , when she hear something and turn to see - Peter walk toward she . peter let 's get one thing straight : I be not the chosen one . the prophesy be not about I if it be ever real at all and the sooner you get you mind around that fact , the better off we will all be . Tiger lily 's face fall . peter ( cont 'd ) but I be my mother 's son . and if blackbeard be go to destroy everything my parent die for , then I be go to stand against he to the last . just like they do . Peter 's blue eye -- he mother 's eye -- seem to burn more fiercely than we have ever see before . peter ( cont 'd ) any question ? TIGER lily why be we still stand here ? Peter smile . ext . kingdom mine - day aerial shot as we sweep over a dust mine that 's only in its nascent stage . miner be be unload by the shipload and rushed into the dig . a rapid and massive mobilization of manpower that would put the builder of the ancient pyramid to shame . on the ground -- blackbeard march through the camp with Turk and smee in tow . turk we should have two hundred more here by noon , Captain . and another two hundred after that by nightfall . blackbeard keep they come . any sign of the boy ? fuch 10.9.13 93. turk not yet , sir . nothing . smee all due respect , sir , I have spend some time with the boy and I promise you , you have get nothing to worry about . blackbeard and why be that ? smee he 's weak . he 's afraid . and what 's more , none of the people believe in he . not anymore . blackbeard let 's keep it that way . as they enter -- int . blackbeard 's tent - continuous tables be set up with map lain out . it look like a forward military command base . Turk lead blackbeard to the center table . turk Captain , if you look over here , we have some of the plan you have request . blackbeard lean over the table , take it all in . smee , look over he shoulder , eye the map on the table and he eye widen . smee 's Pov : this be not map of neverland . they be map of London . New york. Moscow . Tokyo . smee my god ... blackbeard do we have a problem ? smee no , no not at all , sir . it 's just ... how be you go to pull off something like this ? on this scale ? blackbeard we have eye and ear in they world , Mr. smee . and theirs be a world now in chaos . a great war be be fight by all against all . they world have never be more ripe for the take . fuch 10.9.13 94 . blackbeard turn back to the map . blackbeard ( cont 'd ) the dust of a freshly slaughter fairy be infinitely more powerful than the bone of a long dead one . once we have the pixum to fuel we armada -- there will be nothing that can stop we . ( then ) do you know why they call I a pirate , Mr. smee ? because I do the Crown 's dirty work . I do more damage to the Spanish and french fleet in a decade than the Royal navy have in a century and do not get so much as a thank you . no. instead , I become a liability . I make the world safe for the Crown and_in exchange the Crown make the world safe from man like I . smee if you do not mind my ask , why do yo want to go back ? this place be ike eden . blackbeard shake he head . blackbeard this place be not paradise . it 's a prison . a pixum gild cage . like napoleon on elba , i_ long for home . I yearn for the world I be chase from . my world , Mr. smee . ( smile ) and now , after all this time , when they least expect it , I be go to take it back . ext . hilltop / neverwood - day angle on the kingdom mine -- from a distance . reveal : Peter and Tiger lily surveilling the mine from a nearby hilltop . peter ; he 's practically empty out the camp to find this place ... TIGER lily with that many digger , it 's not go to take he long . peter I will say . Tiger lily turn and begin to walk down the side of the hill . Peter follow . fuch 10.9.13 95 . peter ( cont 'd ) what be you think ? TIGER lily we be outnumber . we be out ! unned . the chance of success be 's peter you really know how to give a good pep talk . TIGER lily if we be go to stop blackbeard , we 's be not go to be able to do it alone . peter well , yes , a army would be quite nice , ut how do you suppose we raise one and get it here in time ? Tiger lily think . TIGER lily maybe blackbeard 's already do that part for we . Peter follow she gaz to see she 's stare at the ship - load of miner be unload into the camp . peter brilliant . ext . kingdom mine - day on a row of miner -- as they file into camp , among they : Peter and Tiger lily . they blend perfectly into the sea of humanity coursing into the mine . TIGER lily we have to find ayain 's a . she can help we gather what 's leave of the tribe . Peter nod . as we hear - skinny orphan ( 0.s. ) Peter ? Peter turn to see the skinny orphan he stand up for back in the kensington Home stare back at he . shock . . skinny orphan ( cont ’d ) it be you ! what be you do here ? Peter hold he finger to he lip and keep walk . the skinny orphan keep pace . fuch 10.9.13 96 . peter when do you get here ? skinny orphan oh , I be on the first shipment in , yesterday morning . wo not tell anyone what we be digging for , but everyone say it 's something big . something different . peter listen , I and my friend , we be look for someone . do you think you could help we ? skinny orphan anything for you , Peter . int . miner 's camp / kingdom mine - day on_ayain 'a -- sit with the older miner sifting through pile of rock . TIGER lily ( 0.s. ) ayain 'a ... the holy woman look up to see Peter and Tiger lily with the skinny orphan in tow . TIGER lily ( cont ’d ) we need you help . she take in Peter , uncertain . ayain 'a ( subtitles ) why have he come ? to follow or to lead ? TIGER lily ( subtitles ) to fight . ayain 'a ( subtitles then I will help he . int . blackbeard's tent - day blackbeard be study he war plan when -- turk Captain . there 's a problem . fuch 10.9.13 97 . int . tunnel / kingdom mine - moment later angle on smee -- he look nervous . sweating profusely . the miner around he , stand in tangibly worried silence . blackbeard ( approach ) what seem to be the issue , Mr. smee ? smee Captain , sir , we have follow the cave map hook tell we about to the letter . and accord to the map , the entrance to the Bin dom shoould be right here , but ... well , see for yourself -- instead of a entryway we see-_a massive impenetrable wall decorate with row after row of illegible hieroglyphic - like carving and strange indentation . blackbeard fascinating . blackbeard touch he hand to the wall . turk , ; we have be try to dig through it , sir , but no luck . blackbeard I do not know what 's on the other side of this wall , but to get to the hide kingdom , I know we have to get through it . the map be clear . be this tunnel wide enough to send in a air - galleon ? turk indeed they be , sir . blackbeard then bring one down here and blast this thing open with the long gun . I want we through to the other side by sun up . if the wall 's not go by then , mark my word , one of you will be . with that , blackbeard turn and exit . turk you hear the captain ! let 's move ! int . miner 's camp / kingdom mine - night a large grouping of capture native , many of they face we fh pe v tan recognize from the cliff Village , have ga ere together . there 's a buzz in the air . all wait for something . fuch 10.9.13 98 . when into the center of the room walk ayain 'a and Tiger lily . everyone fall silent . with that , ayain 'a ( subtitles ) my people , this be we darkest hour . blackbeard be almost upon the hide kingdom and when he find it , all will be lose . desperate time call for desperate measure and so I ask you to listen to this bo believe in he as he mother believe in we . Peter emerge from the crowd to a chilly response . tribesman 1 that boy be the reason we be in here ! tribesman 2 he and he friend reveal we to the pirate ! tribesman 3 we can not trust he ! ayain 'a ( subtitles ) silence ! everyone shut up . Peter have the floor . he look to Tiger lily next to he , who nod , encouragingly . TIGER lily ( whisper in he ear ) make they believe ... peter hi. Tiger lily translate . everyone just stare back . peter ( cont 'd ) I know that some of you blame I for what have happen , but you need to know that be not my fault . smee , a man I think be a friend , betrayed I , but I never betrayed you . do you understand ? people seem unimpress . peter ( cont 'd ) look , to be honest , I do not know what I be do . I be not a warrior . I be certainly not_what you be expect , but ... I be what you get . and I know that if we do not stand up , together , like my mum do , like my dad do , that we will not get another chance . this be it . ( more ) fuch 10.9.13 99 . peter ( cont 'd ) and so , whatever you believe about I or do not ... I be not ask you to fight for I . ( think ) I be ask you to fight with I . because I can not do this alone . but if we stand together , that miner out there will 's stand with we and then , guess what , we have the number ! not they . we ! we be as strong as we choose to be ! everyone chatter quietly among themselves . the speech be have a impact . peter ( cont 'd ) let we choose to be strong ! let we choose to be brave ! it 's what my mother would have ask of you then . it 's what I beg of you now . ayain 'a smile watch the room take this all in . Tiger lily look to Peter , impressed . TIGER lily this be what you call ' pep 's talk ? ( she nod ) you be better at it . Peter smile . Tiger lily turn to she people . TIGER lily ( cont 'd ) so ? I stand with Peter . who else stand with I ? the villager continue to confer when -- man ( 0.s. ) I have a question . all eye turn to see -- kiowa , alive , but badly wounded , limp into the center of the room . Tiger lily react , shocked to see he kiowa you ask we to fight with you . to rise up . to risk we life . but what make you different ? you lie to we before and because of it , we people die . we village be destroy . so I ask you now -- ( lock eye with Peter ) be you the one the prophesy speak of ? Peter hesitates . then - peter no . no , I be not . kiowa raise he hand , rest he case . fuch 10.9.13 100 . kiowa then I will not fight with he . and any man who do be a fool . with that , kiowa exit and slowly , one by the room exit with he until it 's just pe Tiger lily and ayain 'a . one , everyone in ter , alone with the holy woman look up at Peter with great sadness in she eye . she say something to he and then exit . peter what do she say ? TIGER lily she say you still do not believe , so they do not . ( beat ) and that you and I be alone now . ext . kingdom mine - moment later Peter , storm out . Tiger lily follow . TIGER lily where be you go ? peter would my mother have give up ? TIGER lily you be not you mother ! we can see on Peter 's face that comment land harder than Tiger lily mean it to . he stop and face she . peter you last memory of my mother , the one you show I — -- my mother be fight with the fairy , be not she ? TIGER lily yes , so ? peter it be almost like she could speak to they , be not it ? well , if she could do that ... imagine what I could do ? ( then ) if we can get into the kingdom , we might have a chance . I just need someone to show I the way . Tiger lily shake she head . fuch 10.9.13 101 . TIGER lily I can get you to the entrance gate , but -- what if they will not fight with you ? if you can not communicate with they like she could ? peter you mean what if I fail ? well , as someone once tell I , then at least I have try . ( then ) so what do you say ? Tiger lily hesitates -- then nod , yes . int . captain quarter / queen anne's revenge - night blackbeard stare out at the dark neverwood through the porthole window . there 's a knock at the door . Turk enter . turk Captain , we have spot the boy . blackbeard spin around . blackbeard Peter ? where ? turk Sir , you be not go to believe this , but ... he 's in the tunnel . blackbeard take a deep breath , think . blackbeard clear he a path . I do not want he to know he 's be follow . do not let he out of you sight , Turk . turk yes , captain . Turk exit . blackbeard turn back to the window . blackbeard Peter , Peter , Peter ... what be you do ? int . tunnel / kingdom mine - night angle on the glyph - wall -- Peter stare at it . mystify . peter you be sure this be it ? TIGER lily I be positive . it 's suppose to be here . I do not understand . fuch 10.9.13 102. Peter keep look at the wall . peter do the map say anything about how to get through this ? TIGER lily nothing . I would have remember that . Peter frown . then he brow raise . peter this marking ... what language be this ? TIGER lily this write be in fairy . why ? peter because I don 's t know how , but -- I can read it . TIGER lily what do it say ? peter only the Prince who bear the key to the Hidden kin dom , shall pass ... '' just tha over and over and over . TIGER lily well , you be the prince , Peter . peter yeah , but I do not have -- then he realize -- reach for he necklace . peter ( cont 'd ) it could not be . Peter take off he necklace and approach the wall . pie slowly he insert the graduate cylinder of the pan into the indentation on the wall and we hear -- a oud c ck . Peter turn the pipe as if open a lock with a key and -- suddenly the wall begins to disassemble . ancient gear , long dormant , spinning into action . peter ( cont 'd ) that 's why she give I this . she leave I with the key to the kingdom . ( realize ) she know I would come for she . and we watch as -- the wall finally open to reveal : a tunnel entrance beyond . fuch 10.9.13 103 . TIGER lily be you ready ? peter as I ’l1l ever be . he 's about to step forward when we hear - blackbeard bravo , Peter . bravo . they spin to see -- blackbeard , join by Turk , smee and a collection of pirate with gun draw as a air - galleon move into position behind they . blackbeard ( cont 'd ) if only you mother know that you would unlock the hide kingdom for the very man to whom she give she life to keep it safe . Peter and Tiger lily be trap . nowhere to run . blackbeard ( cont 'd ) now , let 's step inside and have a look . shall we ? int . tunnel / kingdom mine - day on the revenge -- as they ly through the tunnel . at the helm , Peter and Tiger lily bey no ostage at gunpoint . blackbeard stand beside Peter . blackbeard you know I be upset I do not kill you_back at the village , but it really g go to show you -- everything happen for a reason . do not it ? Peter do not respond . they keep sailing forward until they reach a open which look out upon -- ext . fairy kingdom - continuous Peter 's Pov : a crystalline world with bottomless canyon , underground river and intricate hive like structure as far as the eye can see . it be a ornate and visually stunning sight that feel equal part kryptonian and insectile . the last vestige of a once great civlization . unlike anything we -- or peter -— — have ever see . blackbeard take we deeper . as they descend into the subterranean kingdom , we notice the crystal seem to react to Peter as he pass . fuch 10.9.13 104 . on peter 's face -- as he take this all in . slowly , from the hive we watch as - singular point of blindingly luminous white light emerge . Tiger lily see Peter watch they , transfix . TIGER lily they be you people . the fairy slowly float out , will - o’- the-wisp -like , as if awaken by Peter 's very presence . a stun sh ht as more and more and more fairy come out of hide . and before you know it , the Kingdom air be dense with this point of light -- a spectral downpour . blackbeard remarkable .. on peter 's face -- as he we hear unintelligible voice . frantic whisper . peter do you hear that ? TIGER lily hear what ? only Peter can hear they . as he 's processing this - blackbeard Mr. Turk , send down the rest of the air -galleon . you_can fire when ready . we have a lot of ground to cover . Turk nod , turn to another crew-mate . ; turk Light ‘em up ! peter what be you do ? blackbeard get what I come for . Peter watch in horror as the crew man a series of nozzle on swivel , each attach to a central pressurized container in the middle of the ship . and within second -- vwoosh ! each nozzle shoot out flame over the crystalline kingdom , slowly set the kingdom aflame . blackbeard ( cont 'd ) Greek Fire . nothing burn hotter . we 's all have all the dust we need in no time . fuch 10.9.13 105 . peter no! no ! you can not do that ! TIGER lily stop ! please ! please ! the pirate restrain Peter and Tiger lily . blackbeard turn to Peter , move slowly toward he while unsheathe he sword . blackbeard before I kill you , I want you to watch you kingdom burn , Peter . he make he way behind Peter . grabbing he by the hair , he press he blade to Peter 's neck . blackbeard ( cont 'd ) I want you to watch everything you mother ever care about crumble . and know that this be all because you fail . he presses he hook sword harder into Peter 's neck . Peter can only watch as the flame build . a place of unimaginable beauty , slowly crack apart under the heat of the roaring fire . the fairy seem helpless , try to avoid the flame , but they have nowhere to go , the air thick with black smoke . on peter 's face -- as that whisper grow louder . he grimace . blackbeard ( cont 'd ) ( realize ) oh , you can hear they , can not you ? you can hear they scream ? peter please ... on TIGER lily - as she struggle against Turk . helpless . he 's too strong . on blackbeard -- smile as multiple air - galleon join the revenge , spew flame over the Fairy Kingdom . he let go of Peter . blackbeard what be it like , Peter , to know that whatever you love be condemn to die ? ( then ) I want you to kneel . Peter do not do it . blackbeard ( cont 'd ) I say -- kneel . fuch 10.9.13 106 . peter ( grit he tooth ) I be a prince like my father . I be a warrior like my mother . I will not bow for you or anyone else ! if you want to kill I , get on with it ! the flame be pick up now . blackbeard raise he sword . blackbeard as you wish . bring the sword hurtle down -- blackbeard ( cont 'd ) die like you mother before you ! when -- boom ! boom ! boom ! everyone spin , turn to see -- one of the AIR - galleon taking a barrage of incoming cannonfire and exploding in mid - AIR in a massive fireball . blackbeard ( cont ’d what the hell just happen ?! as -- vwoosh ! another AIR -galleon explode through the flame , shoot straight at the revenge sending everyone on deck ducking for cover . Peter and Tiger lily run one way , blackbeard run the other . on the second AIR - galleon -- as it bank back toward the revenge , swoop in close enough for Peter and Tiger lily to see : hook miss I ?! Peter and Tiger lily be wide eye as they see hook helming the refurbish air -galleon . bam ! he hit into the revenge 's starboard side , keep pace with it . hook ( cont 'd ) you two wait for a better rescue option or be you come with I ?! Peter and Tiger lily run full steam across the deck . Peter 's closer ; make it first . Tiger lily 's right behind he , but - blackbeard dive ! Turk take blackbeard 's order and nosedive the revenge at the last second before Tiger lily can make the jump . on peter -- as he hit the deck of hook 's ship . fuch 10.9.13 107 . hook this be not nap time , kid ! man a gun ! Peter race to one of the long gun . peter we need to blow a hole in the ceiling ! the fairy be go to burn up down here unless we give they a way out ! hook how do you know that ?! peter they tell I . hook nod . then do a genuine double take . peter ( cont 'd ) do not ask . on the revenge -- blackbeard bark order at Turk . blackbeard I want that ship blow out of the sky ! do you hear I ?! he turn to see Tiger lily hold off four different pirate and immediately engage . blackbeard ( cont 'd ) mind if I cut in ? vwoosh ! he swipe at she , draw blood . Tiger lily smile as blackbeard withdraw he second wushu blade . a worthy competitor . and now we have a epic simultaneous dogfight / sword -fight for the age as TIGER lily and blackbeard go at it on the deck of the revenge as hook's AIR - galleon be relentlessly chase throughout this increasingly expansive kingdom , as the flame begin to tear it apart . on hook -- look back at Peter operate the cannon . hook have oe hit one thing yet ?! hit something ! anything ! peter give I a clear shot , why do not you ?! hook spin the wheel hard , tilting the ship at a angle . hook take it ! fuch 10.9.13 108. bang ! Peter unleash a wave of cannon - fire at the roof of the cavern . ext . kingdom mine - continuous the miner -- include the native -- be go about they business when - the entire ground beneath they begin to rumble . bang ! another rumble . everyone race to clear the floor of the mine as -- piece by piece the mine floor collapse from the CENTER out , revealing the fairy kingdom and the battle below . the miner gather around the edge of the gape earthen hole and begin to watch , transfix by what they be see . int . fairy kingdom - continuous on hook 's AIR - galleon -- we see the hole in the cavern ceiling open up and the fairy begin to filter out . hook there we go ! be that so hard ? Peter ruefully shake he head . as the escape from the pirate continue - — peter so , what happen ? you come back . I think you do not care . hook I lie . Peter smile as — bam ! the revenge have catch up to they and - bam ! Hit into they port-side again . Tiger lily , still battle blackbeard , see the ship proximity and back she way out of the fight onto hook 's ship . now the ship be racing neck - and - neck , figer lily on hook 's ship blackbeard on the revenge . blackbear however , be fight with two sword . he 's beyond good with a blade ; he 's virtuosic . on TIGER lily -- as- wham ! blackbeard knock she blade out of she hand . he 's about to land the killer blow when -- peter no ! Peter leap to Tiger lily 's defense as -- bam ! the revenge slam into hook 's galleon , send Peter and Tiger to the deck of the revenge and leave hook all alone . expose . fuch 10.9.13 109 . on TIGER lily - as the pirate restrain she . Peter scamper for cover , he 's surround , back up against the port-side of the ship , as blackbeard and the pirate close in . on hook 's face -- as he turn back to see Peter 's go and that he 's now a sit duck . on blackbeard -- see the same thing . blackbeard what be you wait for ?! Fire ! FIRE ! FIRE ! and suddenly -- everything seem to slow down . peter no ! hook ! bam ! bam ! bam ! a hail of cannon - FIRE hit hook 's ship . he run as it hit the deck , wood shrapnel flying all around he , but there 's nowhere to go . peter ( cont 'd ) no !!! for a moment - hook 's eye lock with Peter 's . a final farewell and they both know it . blackbeard again ! Fire again ! and with the Fairy Kingdom burn below -- boom ! hook 's ship be finally blown out of the sky . on peter 's torture face -- as he watch hook free fall . on hook -- he close he eye as he tumble downward , accept he fate . on kiowa -- who stand with he tribe , look down on the scene . on TIGER lily -- restrain , but she lock tearful eye with Peter . TIGER lily you have to believe , Peter ! you have to believe ! and as blackbeard close in , Peter take a deep breath ... and leap backward off the lip of the AIR -galleon . and down he goe , pressing he arm to he side , forcing himself to drop faster and faster . on blackbeard -- mystify . blackbeard what be he do ? fuch 10.9.13 110 . on TIGER lily -- silently praying . TIGER lily you must believe , Peter . you have to believe ... and back on peter -- as catch up to hook and grab he , wrapping he in a bear hug . the two of they fall together , like tandem sky diver , except these two don ’t have a chute . peter tell I you believe in the prophesy , hook ! tell I you elieve ! I need to hear it ! hook , wounded , bloody , shake he head as they near the ground . hook I do not ... peter damn it , hook ! Peter 's face fall . hook strain to speak -- hook I believe in you . Peter strain , willing it to happen . willing himself to fly and ...he just can not do it . pull wide : the two of they look so small from this angle . they fall almost graceful enough to make we forget the terror they must be feel . we watch they for a second more , before they both disappear into the flame below . on TIGER lily - devastate . blackbeard smile , turn back to Tiger lily . blackbeard where be we ? when - a miner shout something from above and everyone turn just in time to see - vwoosh ! peter , still holding hook , exploding through the flame , rising like a phoenix out of the ash below -- flying . not floating . not suspended in mid - AIR . flying literally like superman , with such force , such majesty that everyone can only watch in awe . and as he shoot skyward we hear a lone voice cry -- fuch 10.9.13 111 . kiowa ( 0.s. ) Pan ! on kiowa -- point . kiowa ( cont 'd ) Pan ! pan ! pan ! and what be one voice become ten . become a hundred . become a thousand . until everyone in the mine be chant , they voice booming into the Kingdom below , echoing - everyone pan ! pan ! pan ! the guard pirate surround the miner and native look unsure what to do . nothing like this have ever happen before . on TIGER lily -- tear stream down she cheek . on ayain 'a -- in the cheer crowd as she smile . and , finally on peter -- hook look at he . hook this be great . do not drop I . Peter smile and swoops down , deposit the injure hook with ayain 'a . on peter -- as_he soar back into the air , fly over the native , still chant . on kiowa -- who pick up he axe . kiowa what be you wait for ?! stand and fight ! stand and fight ! he take the axe and swing it at the nearest pirate , take he totally by surprise . kiowa ( cont 'd ) stand ! and fight !!! and with that - the rebellion be on . villager fight tooth and nail with only they axe , but with the element of surprise ... soon join by miner who see they opportunity for freedom . and as the rebellion intensifies -- vwoosh ! Peter zoom back down into the Fairy Kingdom . on the revenge -- blackbeard grab Tiger lily . his trump card . blackbeard you be not go anywhere . on peter -- as he fly through | the air , dodging cannonball blast and repeat to himsel fuch 10.9.13 112 . peter one with the beast ... one with the beast .. and_slowly -- we watch as the white light of the fairy coalesce around he as they do he mother . the whisper in he head grow louder , except this time -- Peter do not seem disturb . this time he 's really listen . and so be they . he wave he hand forward and like a wave of solid light the fairy smash into the revenge . boom ! he surprise another air - galleon , distracting the captain enough to crash the AIR - ship into another AIR - galleon crossing its path . Peter and the fairy be single - handedly wiping out the pirate below while the miner rebellion rage up above they . on blackbeard -- as pirate abandon he leave and right , jiterally jump 's ip against the onslaught , he hold Tiger lily at knife point . when -- peter ( cont 'd ) Captain . Peter land on the deck . blackbeard smile . blackbeard have you come to watch another friend die , Peter ? he hold the sword to Tiger lily 's throat . Peter walk toward he . blackbeard ( cont 'd ) you take one step closer and the princess die . peter can I ask you one question ? ( th en ) | who 's '' sailing the ship ? blackbeard turn to see -- the answer be no one and that the ship be head toward a crystal cliff . Tiger lily take advantage of he surprise and -- bam ! -- hit he in the solar plexus , racing toward Peter . blackbeard turn back as Peter levitate off the deck of the ship , hold Tiger lily , a split second before the revenge make contact with the cliff and we see in he eye something we have not see before -- fear -- as he realize there be no way off this thing . peter ( cont 'd ) hey .. on blackbeard 's frighten face - peter ( cont ’d think of a happy though fuch 10.9.13 113 . vwoosh ! Peter fly off the ship as — bwoosh ! the revenge collide with the crystal cliff , ignite the pressurize Greek Fire in a epic , fiery explosion , the debris raining down down into a subterranean river below . on another AIR - ship -- as Turk and smee watch the revenge go down . turk let 's get out of here ! now ! helmsman Sir -- turk this battle 's over . we live to fight another day . take we up . and with that -- Turk and he crew fly the hell out of there . on the floor of the kingdom -- Peter set Tiger lily down as the fairy swirl around he in celebration . Tiger lily smile at Peter and they embrace . as they part - TIGER lily ( see something behind he ) Peter . Peter turn to see the white light coming together one by one by one to form a image . Peter step toward it . woman' voice ( whisper ) Peter ... only he can hear it , as more fairy join together , the image clarify . woman 's voice ( cont ’d ) Peter ... on peter 's face -- as tear come to he eye . peter mum ? reverse to see : mary face , twinkling there in the sky before he very eye , composed of a thousand tiny fairy each vibrate in place . a live spectral portrait of mary , more beautiful than ever . she smile at she son . her voice echoe in he head . mary you find I . Peter can barely keep it together , then , notice -- fuch 10.9.13 114 . peter I have you eye ... mary you have my heart . Mary smile . Peter be overwhelm , shake he head . peter I have imagine this moment my whole life and now -- now I do not even know what to say . I love you , mum . so much . I do not know how you can miss someone you have never imet so much -- every day . mary I can not stay long , my son ... peter no , mum , do not go ! I do all this for you ! without you , I be lose again ! what do I do now ? mary you be not lose . you be home -- on this island with this people . you people . you famil and you must never give up on t ém , as you never give up on I . the image begin to distort . peter mum , I just do not want to lose you , again ! mary you will never lose I . I will always be a part of this place -- and a part of you . I love you my son . ( then ) Peter . my péter ban . and with that the image be go , the fairy fly off ina million different direction . angle on peter 's tear -streaked face -- as , for the first time , he finally let go of the pain ... and smile . ext . kingdom mine - day Peter walk through the mine to a hero 's greeting . on TIGER lily -- as she find kiowa in the crowd . they embrace . TIGER lily I think we have lose you . fuch 10.9.13 115 . kiowa you almost do . ( then , be : Peter ) you be right , though . as usual . TIGER lily ( smile ) can I ask you something ? on hook -- watch Tiger lily speak with kiowa in the distance and then -- he face fall as the two embrace . peter ( approach ) you go to be okay ? he hold up he arm to reveal -- he right hand be gone . peter ( cont 'd ) good Lord ! how do that happen ! hook poke he hand through he shirt - sleeve . hook Nah , I should be fine . thanks to you . Peter smile and be about to move on when - hook ( cont 'd ) hey ! ( quietly ) what I say to you up there ... peter yes ? hook do not tell anybody . hook smile . Peter move on as Tiger lily walk up . hook ( cont 'd ) princess . what can I do for you ? . TIGER lily I just want to thank you for you contribution to my people . hook to you people ? TIGER lily yes . we thank you . we be also wonder whether you have plan to stay on ? hook we be ? or you be ? fuch 10.9.13 116 . TIGER lily why be you always so difficult ? hook because you like I difficult . Tiger lily do not know what to say . TIGER lily so , you will be return to you world then ? hook I will be . unless you people have any objection . TIGER lily none . hook good . TIGER lily good ! ( then ) Excuse I . Tiger lily leave . hook almost go after , then do not . on peter -- thronge by miner . Tiger lily fight she way to get to he and pull he away . TIGER lily ( cont ’d ) I want to speak to you about whether you plan on stay with we . the fight be not over . blackbeard may be dead , but Turk still life . the air-fleet be untouched . there be still so many camp to liberate and - peter Tiger lily -- stop . you fight be my fight . I be not go anywhere . ( think ) on one condition . TIGER lily and what 's that ? peter i_ need to make a quick visit to a old friend . int . kensington home for boy - night nib settles into he bed for the night when we hear a thump . nib ignore it until- thump . there it be again . fuch 10.9.13 117 . nib sit up . thump . and as he look to the shutter window -- it burst open to reveal : nibs Peter ! Peter step into the dormitory as every orphan shoot out of bed , astonished . ter you do not " think I have leave you all alone in here do you ? nib , gobsmack , shake he head no . peter ( cont 'd ) still feel like get out of here ? nib grins from ear to ear . Peter eye a broom in the corner of the room . peter ( cont 'd ) give I that . int . father pratchett 's office - continuous pratchett lie in bed , asleep when -- he eye flash open . we hear the pitter - patter of little foot come from the ceiling above and pratchett leap out of bed . int . stairway ( kensington home ) - continuous pratchett race up to the dormitory door and try to enter - but can not . he pound on the door , but it will not budge . int . kensington home for boy - continuous on the broomstick -- jamme into the door handle , keepin pratchett out , while Peter escort each and every orphan out of the kensington Home and onto -- ext . jolly roger - moment later the roger -- dock at the top floor window . onboard , hook lead a small crew , include Tiger lily , who still look upset . Peter and hook help the orphan board . hook ( be : Tiger ) hey , what 's bugging she ? fuch 10.9.13 118. peter be you mental ? she give up kiowa for you and you be not even go to stay . I have be pretty upset if I be she . would not you ? hook react . int . kensington home for boy - continuous pratchett keep banging on the door until -- bwoosh ! he crash through just in time to see the very last orphan step off the window sill and onto the Roger . pratchett reach the window to see the ship make its way into the night sky . pratchett ( scowl ) Peter . ext . jolly roger - continuous as the Roger begin its ascent , the orphan all settle in for the journey . hook jeez , Pete , you do not tell I it would be this many kid . TIGER lily ( glare at he ) he 's a prince . he get what he want . leave he alone . hook follow she . nib look to Peter . . nibs ' Prince 's ? peter we have a lot of catch up to do . on hook - as he prepare to make the voyage . TIGER , lily what be you do ? hook have a change of heart . get ready for the voyage back , princess . TIGER lily I think you want to go home . hook I be go home . fuch 10.9.13 119 . Tiger lily smile . and as the Roger continue its ascent - ext . girl 's bedroom / london - same time we be at the window sill , where a beautiful girl ( 10 ) , sit in a proper powder - blue nightgown , stroking a adorable newfoundland puppy cradle on she lap . her attention be fully on the puppy until the dog bark , draw she attention upward to see -- the jolly roger silhouetted '' e.t . '' style against the moon . the girl gasp just as - girl 's mother ( 0.s. ) sweetheart , come to bed ! girl but mother -- girl 's mother ( 0.s. ) Wendy moira Angela darling , you come to bed this very instan wendy ( sigh ) come mother ! come on , nana . she exit and the dog follow she out . ext . jolly roger - continuous and as the Roger soar into the heaven , the first mate ( 18 ) approach hook . first mate course head , Captain ? hook do not respond -- do not realize he 's the captain now . first mate ( cont 'd ) uh -- Captain hook ? hook finally realize . Tiger lily roll she eye . hook oh , uh , set a course ... look to Peter . peter second star to_the right . and straight on till morning . and with that - we pull wide and watch as the jolly Roger ascend into the heaven . we stay with it until it bank leave , disappear behind Big Ben before we hear , but do not see , the familiar -- vwoosh ! fuch 10.9.13 120 . -- of the Roger shoot vertically into the heaven , past the star and onto another world before we -- smash to black . end credit . fade back in : ext . ocean floor - day peaceful . undisturbed until -- kvwoosh ! a metal beam with a net attach crash to the floor , send sea life scatter . as the beam begin bottom trawling the ocean floor , in a single shot we trail the chain guide . we up toward the surface , break through the water to find -- ext . AIR - galleon - continuous a air-galleon float , on the deck of which stand -- smee you be sure this be where the wreckage of the revenge would have settle ? turk positive . the ship jerk . helmsman Mr. Turk ! we have find the ship ! turk take it up . and ready the pixum . lot of it . helmsman the pixum ? for who , sir ? Turk eye smee with a glimmer in he eye . turk blackbeard . CUT to black .