the man from u.n.c.l.e. screenplay by guy ritchie and lionel wigram August lst , 2012 1963 . eighteen year after the defeat of the Nazis in World War two . the world be divide between the capitalist West dominate by America and the Communist Eastern bloc rule over by Russia . ext . berlin wall - checkpoint charlie - day the wall stretch in both direction as far as the eye can see . barb wire , armed sentries and guard dog . this be the divide line . napoleon solo cross no -man 's land , past a sign which read ' you be now enter East Germany . 's he 's in he 40' , poise and confident , with a ready smile . he show he passport to a East german frontier guard , address he in perfect german . the Guard gesture for he to open he suitcase . pack at the top be sample of woman 's underwear . solo offer a sample to the Guard , who have a quick look over he shoulder , take a pair of tight and then hurriedly close the case , wave solo through . as solo leave the checkpoint , a train be head towards the border as if to cross it , but as it reach the Berlin Wall , the track suddenly curve so that the train remain in the East , run parallel with the Wall . clearly , a modification make when the Wall be build . ext . east berlin street - day as solo walk along we see that he 's be follow . he 's aware of it too . solo enter a bar . int . bar - day solo order a beer . as he drink , he glance out of the window at the East german secret policeman who be follow he . next to he , a prim-look , middle - age woman finish she coffee , dab she lip with the napkin , and leave . solo unfold the lipstick stain napkin . on it be a address , and a message , ' you have competition . 's solo put the napkin in he pocket and exit . ext . east berlin street - day solo easily lose he tail . he head to the address on the napkin . outside be a car , solo get in . int . car — day the driver , ernst , be a jovial look fellow with a air of gypsy about he . he flash a gold - toothe smile at solo . ernst if I be a rich man , la la la la . solo you be about to be . here 's you scotch . solo fetch a bottle of single malt out of he case . ernst glendronach 33 . how do you find this ? solo you owe I . that be harder to get through than a pair of jeans . ernst the jeans as well ?? you be the messiah . solo produce the jeans . solo and you be greedy , Ernst , but I like you anyway . now here be a address , and we need to move , the Russians be onto my target . Ernst look genuinely excited and start to unbuckle he trousers . solo ( cont 'd ) what be you do Ernst ? ernst I can not wait ... he continue he mission . solo roll he eye . ernst ( cont 'd ) you even get the right size , and I be a little heavier than I use to be . solo I predict that . do you get I a gun ? Ernst pull he coat off the back seat , only to reveal a large machine gun . solo ( cont ’d ) it 's a machine gun , Ernst . I ask for something discreet . ernst I be sorry , but it 's the best I could do . the stasi watch everything . since the Russians take over , it 's almost impossible to make a dishonest live . not like when you be in business . do not you miss the old black - market day ? this hit a nerve with solo . solo what ? the hunger , the cold , the filth ? not really , can we go now ? I be in something of a rush . ext . garage - day Ernst point out a dodgy look automotive repair shop under the arch of the busy railway track . ernst it 's a chop shop , I use this place for year , but since thing have tightened up , there 's not a lot of business here anymore . you want I to wait here ? solo yeah , pick I up on the corner , and Ernst , we need to get the girl over the Wall tonight . ernst it 's all arrange boss . int . garage - day the wall be cover with motor-r-ce poster and photograph of famous driver . solo approach a mechanic who be work under a car , we can just see a pair of foot . solo ( subtitle ) ( in german ) I be look for frau teller . the mechanic roll out from under the car . meet gaby teller , a 28 year - old knockout in a boiler suit . gaby ( in german ) I be a little back up , I will not be able to get to you car until next week . gaby affect a hard edge but she clothing , ruffle hair and the oil - smudge on she cheek only serve to accentuate she vulnerability . solo ( in german ) my name be napoleon solo . I be here about you father frau teller . gaby tense . solo smile reassuringly . solo ( cont ’d ) we need you help . gaby ( in English ) american ? solo nod . gaby ( cont 'd ) I have not see my father since I be ten year old . solo I imagine you be aware of what you father do during the war ? gaby he be the senior scientist in the Nazi rocket program . be there anything else to know ? solo after that , he come to work for the U.S. at Los alamos . five year ago , he disappear without a trace . we have be look for he ever since , but this be the first sign we have have of he . this picture be take a week ago by one of we agent in Egypt . solo show gaby a black - and - white photograph of half a dozen man seat at a conference table . Three be wear high level military uniform . solo point to one man who be stand , gesticulate with he arm as if to make a point . he 's a older professorial type . gaby that 's he ... she can not hide the emotion in she voice . solo it appear you father be in the process of make a deal to sella nuclear bomb to the egyptian . that 's not great news for Israel , which be not good news for the rest of we . nasty business nuclear war . gaby look , I be not proud of what my father have do , but I tell you , I have not see or hear from he in eighteen year . solo we believe he 's work for this man . he point to a man seat next to the Professor . he 's dress in a expensive linen suit but he face be mostly cover by the Professor 's arm . gaby I can not help you . she disappear back under the car . solo pull she back out again . solo but I bet you know someone who can . a old friend , a relative ? gaby think about it , shake she head . gaby I can not ... solo if you will agree to help we , I can have you on the other side of the Wall tonight . gaby you do understand that I could be torture and imprison just for listen to you ? solo I be offer you a new life . freedom from all of that . gaby how do I know you be who you say you be ? how do I know that anything you have tell I be true ? he look she directly in the eye . solo I know this be sudden . I wish there be more time . but that 's how urgent the situation be . I will protect you and I will get you over that wall . I just need you to ... gaby trust you ? solo trust I . and she almost do . almost but ... gaby why ? because you be handsome and have a nice smile ? solo shall I make this easier ? he reveal the machine gun under he jacket . solo ( cont ’d ) you be now my prisoner , you do not have a choice . gaby that do make it easier . solo I have a driver wait for we outside . ext . garage - day solo head out the door and slow abruptly . he notice that Ernst 's car be not quite in the same place , and it 's hard to see Ernst . he 's at a strange angle , solo do not like this , he drop down quickly as a bullet whistle past he ear . he roll back into the shop . int . garage - day gaby ( afraid ) what 's go on ? who just shot at we ? solo I need the key to that thing . gaby what have you do ? solo the Russians be after you father too . it 's we or they . like I say , you do not have a choice . beat , as she mind clearly shift . gaby I be the only person who drive this car . ext . garage - day the shooter move closer to get a better angle on the entrance to the garage . meet ilya kuryakin , Russian , he 's in he early 30 's and radiate a rare combination of physical power and intelligence . however in contrast , he choice of clothing be distinctly odd . he wear a suit , but it 's a conspicuously bold color and he shirt and tie have strike pattern which be completely mismatch . on anyone else , this get - up would look clownish , but kuryakin manage to make it look cool . as he 's crossing the street , gaby 's car roar out . kuryakin snap he gun up to take aim , but instead of turn down the street , gaby drive up on the sidewalk to be shield by the park vehicle . kuryakin lower he gun , calmly walk back to he car , climb in , and roar after they . ext . east berlin street - day gaby 's car screech around the corner , scatter pedestrian . other car be force to swerve out of the way . in the car , gaby be clearly in she element . her confidence return as she focus on drive which she do with extra - ordinary skill . kuryakin follow , relentless . CUT to : int . gaby 's car - day gaby slam on the brake . solo what be you do ? gaby this guy be not go to give up . solo I be aware of that , but what be you do ? she slam the car into reverse and tighten she safety belt . gaby hold on tight . this car be tougher than it look . she hit the gas . CUT to : int . kuryakin 's car - day he round the corner to find gaby look over she shoulder , reversing straight at he at forty mile a hour . kuryakin have no time to dodge . CUT to : ext . east berlin street —- day crash . there be a enormous smash as both car come to a halt . however , gaby 's car be relatively undamage . she tear away . CUT to : int . gaby 's car - day gaby turn to a shake solo . gaby you okay ? solo where do you learn to drive like this ? gaby what 's the point in fix car if you can not drive they ? CUT to : ext . east berlin street —- day kuryakin coolly climb out of the wreckage of he car , and survey all the other car that have stop to look at the incident . he eventually see one at the back , it look fast . he walk up to the driver . driver ( in german ) I see the whole thing , that woman 's a lunatic ! kuryakin wave he gun at he with a gesture that say '' this be my car now '' and the journey continue . CUT to : 10 . int . gaby 's car - day she continue to drive fast , avoid traffic , but eventually she find herself behind a rubbish truck , pick up trash . another car be close behind she , she 's stick . she calmly look around . solo we can not stay here . gaby really ? you be very observant . she glance at a parallel road a block over , search for another way out . suddenly , a car tear down the parallel road . we only see it for a flash , but we know it 's kuryakin . solo and gaby look at each other . gaby ( cont 'd ) he could not have see we ? pause . we hear a screech of tire . solo shall we get out of here ? kuryakin 's car tear back and stop . how could he possibly have see they ? within a second , he be fire shot from he pistol just inch away from they target . gaby do not hang around . again she put the car in reverse , force the car behind she back . this give she enough room to mount the curb , knock the trash collector out of the way . she 's off again . CUT to : int . kuryakin 's car - day kuryakin steer with one hand , and shoot with the other . he 's calmer than a coma . CUT to : int . gaby 's car - day solo shoot back . gaby downshift . gaby that man can drive . can not you shoot better than that ? 11 . solo you concentrate on the road . she make a hard leave into a alley . solo be throw to one side and drop he gun on the floor . CUT to : ext . east berlin street - day kuryakin overshoot . CUT to : int . gaby 's car - day solo pick up he gun . gaby better ? suddenly , she expression change . gaby ( cont 'd ) oh no ! up ahead be a sharp drop as a steep stone pedestrian staircase lead down to the road below . solo look behind they . kuryakin be catch up again . siren be approach behind he . gaby be slow down . solo stay cool . solo we can make it . gaby be shaking she head . solo start to climb into the back seat . gaby what be you do ? solo we need more weight in the back . gaby I can not ... 12 . solo you can . you do not , we be both dead ... trust I ... now put you foot down . gaby look at he , hit the gas , and they be airborne . ext . step - day amazingly , the car land on the step , the back fly up , but it do not flip . instead , it carry on down the step , reach the bottom with a crunch . kuryakin stop he car at the top of the step . he climb out of he car and watch they speed away . int . gaby 's car - day solo breathes a sigh of relief . solo I be impressed . you alright ? gaby that 's a stupid question . solo shall I drive now ? gaby you be okay , pal . just stay where you be . more siren . flash light in the distance . solo in there . he point to a multi-story parking structure . int . parking structure - day gaby park she car . int . car — day solo and gaby sit , tensely listen to the siren go by . gradually , the sound fade into the distance . 13 . gaby still go over the Wall tonight ? solo follow I . he climb out of the car . int . parking structure - day as solo and gaby head for the exit , a car turn into the structure . solo pull gaby down behind a car . as the vehicle pass , they see that it 's kuryakin . solo who be this guy ? he pull she through the back -door . ext . alleyway - day as he and gaby hurry down the alleyway , solo look back to see kuryakin , look down at he from the second floor of the parking structure . solo pull gaby around the corner and break into a run . ext . various east berlin street - day solo and gaby run . and run . and run . ext . train track - dusk surrounded by industrial warehouse . solo and gaby crouch , hide in the shadow of one of the warehouse . they be out of breath and gaby look spend . gaby we have not lose he , have we ? solo put a finger to he lip . a long beat . sure enough , kuryakin appear between the building , come towards they . a distant rumble grow louder . a train trundle along the track move between they and kuryakin . solo come on . 14 . he pull gaby up , and they run towards the train . solo manage to open one of the door and push gaby in . on the other side , kuryakin scan the night as the end of the train pass gradually , revealing the warehouse that be hide behind it . it appear that kuryakin be go to let the train pass . at the last minute , he run to catch up with the final carriage , and jump onboard . int . train - dusk solo have be watch from the window . he pull he head in . gaby do he get on ? solo let 's move . gaby this be you idea of go over the Wall ? he lead she towards the front of the train . as they head along the passageway , the conductor exit a compartment . conductor ( subtitle ) ( in german ) ticket please . he look slightly suspicious at they dishevel state . solo ( subtitle ) two ticket for the Center please . he pay the conductor , who take forever to give they change . as they continue down the passageway , kuryakin appear at the other end . they hurry down the train . finally , they reach the hallway outside the driver 's compartment . they can go no further . solo open the exterior door , but the train be travel too fast to jump off . he look ahead and see the Berlin Wall approach . 15 . solo ( cont ’d ) the train have to slow down to make the turn when it reach the Wall . that 's when we jump . siren and flash light . solo look out again . there be now two cop car drive alongside the train . here come kuryakin . solo duck around the corner , just as a volley of silence machine gun fire thud into the wall next to he head . gaby be crouch down , cover she head , body shaking . kuryakin ( yell down the corridor ) you have no place to go , Mr. solo . give yourself up . there 's no reason for the girl to die . solo ( to himself ) he know my name ???? solo know he 's right unless ... he try the Driver 's door . lock . solo shoot the lock , barge the door open . int . train driver' cabin - dusk solo stick he gun in the driver be face . he 's a big , strong fellow . solo ( subtitle ) ( in german ) faster . driver ( subtitle ) we will not make the turn . the train will crash into ... he gesture to the approach Berlin Wall . solo ( subtitle ) faster . the Driver do not move , but he eye give he away , flick to the accelerator handle . solo ( subtitle ) ( cont 'd ) thank you . 16 . solo jam the accelerator forward . at that moment , the Driver grab for the gun . they grapple as the Wall approach . suddenly , kuryakin be in the cabin , he gun in solo 's face . he squeeze the trigger as ... ext . berlin wall - night the train jump the track and smashes through the Wall . int . cabin - night solo , kuryakin , and the Driver be toss around as the front of the train roll over . ext . berlin wall - west - night there be a massive hole in the Wall . more than half the length of the train have go through it , and be now in the West . the front carriage be on its side . int . west berlin - train wreckage - night solo swim back into consciousness . the Driver lie groan next to he . solo crawl into the passageway . he see the girl , and hear a groan , she 's semi-conscious . solo gaby ?!... can you hear I ? her eye open . solo ( cont ’d ) you be go to be alright . you be safe now . we hear the sound of siren as West german police turn up . kuryakin be stick in the wreckage , and can not free himself easily , he can see he target disappear as he attempt to pull himself out . 17 . int . safe house - night solo watch as a doctor examine gaby . she wince as he touch she bruise rib . solo ( to himself ) welcome to freedom . there 's a knock on the door and sander enter . he 's a effete little man with a air of great cun and intelligence about he . he 's also solo 's boss . sander well do solo . solo stare at he for a long beat . solo why do not we step outside . int . safe house - kitchen - night Sanders put the kettle on . sander well , it appear the Russians be as anxious as we be to find Professor teller . solo I have have enough . sander what be you secret ? ( beat ) you know there 's no one in the history of the Agency with a higher success rate when it come to recruiting and run female asset . you be a bit of a legend . a long pause . solo stare at Sanders . solo you hear what I say . sander you need a break . 18 . solo no , I have have enough . twelve year of play you little game . I be do . sander you seem to be forget something ... you be on thin ice solo , and there be thing , unpleasant thing , lurking under it . solo threaten I with a prison cell have lose its traction Sanders . put I away , it 's better for everyone 's health . sander pull yourself together solo . solo suddenly grab he by the throat and pin he against the wall . solo this will not mean much to you , but she trust I . sander look solo , she 's go to be okay . there 's a beat , solo release he grip . sander ( cont 'd ) I tell you what , let 's meet again tomorrow , we will talk about it sensibly . ext . egyptian barracks - gym - early morning a egyptian officer be run outside the barrack , he look fit and have a expression like he mean it . we become aware of a man run up behind he . this be alexander skorpios , he 's dress to run . alexander Colonel . I hear you be a early bird . the egyptian acknowledge he , but continue run . 19 . colonel I like the sand before the sun beat it . alexander I hope I be not bother you ? colonel not in the least , you and the Professor have do Egypt a great service ... but I think you have leave already , Mr ... '' Smith . '' alexander I be back for the day . a couple of loose end I need to tie up . by way , my name be Alex ... colonel no. please . let 's stick to protocol . alexander oh , I be confident you can be trust Colonel . I be Alexander skorpios . colonel good to meet you , Mr. skorpios . alexander you be quite a legend in the camp , Colonel , winner of the army triathlon six year in a row . ( beat ) do you mind if I train with you today ? I be a amateur athlete myself and this will be my last opportunity , since we business be conclude . colonel you be welcome to , but I warn you , this be not a short work out . alexander two hour every morning . a twelve mile run , follow by a two mile swim , and a cool down in the gym . you routine be famous . i’1l drop out as soon as you pull away . 20 . colonel very good then . CUT to : a hour later . Alexander have clearly impressed the Colonel . colonel ( cont ’d ) you be do very well , Mr. skorpios . alexander I be inspire by my company . ext . egyptian beach - morning we can see the Colonel be a tad concerned by the determination and ability of this man . they have reach the sea . colonel so , the sea . I go round the buoy , then back again . alexander I be ready . ext . egyptian sea - morning a hour later . Alexander be clearly in front and show no sign of fatigue , the Colonel on the other hand be now try to keep up ... ext . egyptian beach —- morning Alexander be wait on the beach ... jogging on the spot . the Colonel pull himself out of the water , he 's desperately try to not look knacker . colonel where do you learn to swim like that ? alexander my father teach I that true physical strength lie not in the body , but in the mind . if you chew bitter for long enough , eventually it turn sweet . the gym ? 21 . int . gym - day Alexander be on the bench with a bar over he ... alexander could you spot I ? Alexander thump out ten rep of a very heavy weight . alexander ( cont 'd ) you turn . colonel that weight be too much . alexander it 's all in you mind , Colonel . CUT to : the Colonel be on the bench , under a weight that he have to struggle with . Alexander stand over he , almost mockingly . alexander ( cont 'd ) push push , that 's the spirit Colonel , now we be get somewhere . let 's see how strong you really be . at which point , Alexander release the weight and the Colonel take the strain . alexander ( cont 'd ) that 's it . now tell I , how long have you be a spy ? the Colonel be about to explode with the weight that 's over he . colonel take the weight off I . I do not know what you be talk about . alexander you be just not try hard enough . who be you work for , the Americans , or the Russians ? the Colonel can not take the weight for much longer . colonel please ...! 22 . alexander tell I what I want to know , and I can help you . colonel the Americans ... and the Russians . alexander thank you Colonel . Alexander reach down and take hold of the bar . colonel how do you know ? alexander you and you government have no idea who you be deal with Colonel . with almost superhuman strength , he raise the bar before he slam it down . ext . west berlin - park - day a beautiful sunny day . solo be walk with Sanders through public garden . sander how 's the girl ? be she go to be helpful ? he walk into a public restroom , gesture that solo should follow . int . park restroom - day Sanders check the cubicle . solo I think so ... sander you 'il have to do better than that . solo there 's a old friend and colleague of she father 's , a rudolph von trulsch , endearingly know as '' uncle rudi . '' live in Greece , work for a big shipping company . ( more ) 23 . solo ( cont 'd ) she 's sure if anybody will be in touch with she father , he 's the man . Sanders be relieving himself . sander rudi von trulsch . I think I have a file on he somewhere . name of the shipping company ? solo triton . sander even more interesting , rumor have it they smuggle Nazi gold to South America after the war . can she be trust ? solo that 's you department now sir , I get you the girl and I get you a name . now I be do . sander no solo , you will be do when I tell you you be do . solo I do not think you understand . I be over it , for about a thousand reason , not least of which , I be lose whatever advantage I have over this people . that lunatic Russian android they put on I yesterday be not like man I have come up against before . he be a relentless olympian . that be the close I have come to termination in the last ten year . it be not I that save I , it be a banana skin here and a rabbit foot there . in other word , luck . you want to send I back to the cell , send I . I x11 go . but I be do here . a man wear a hat enter , shutting Sanders up . solo look over he shoulder as the man raise he head , it 's kuryakin . they both look as surprised as the other about this unlikely meeting . 24 . without another word , they spring into action . they attempt to draw they gun , but there be not enough space to use they . a serious amount of hand - to-hand combat take place , destroy the lavatory . it end with kuryakin put a choke hold around solo 's neck . solo look up for help from Sanders , he do not have much time . his boss calmly wash he hand as he gasp he last breath . solo spot a owl - like man enter the room . this be kuryakin 's boss , oleg . he have the eccentric appearance of a chess grandmaster . he bark a order at kuryakin . oleg let he go ilya . you do not want to kill you partner on the first day . kuryakin 's hold gradually relax , both man look shocked by this information . solo look up at he boss , who throw away the paper towel . sander that 's what I be about to explain solo , but as usual you jump the gun . we be go to meet they in the cafe outside . nature 's need clearly get the better of they agent as he do of you . ext . park - cafe - minute later oleg sip a cup of tea . oleg we do not know yet who be behind this but we both agree , not that Sanders and I have ever talk before ... he and Sanders chuckle . oleg ( cont 'd ) ...- that it 's unacceptable to both we nation to have a third party manufacturing and sell nuclear weapon to the high bidder . Sanders nod . 25 . sander we mutual interest dictate that we should work together . unofficially and off- the-books , of course , if the politician know about this ... solo ( to Sanders ) you be forget something . sander Excuse we for a second . solo come with I . Sanders stand and solo follow . sander ( cont 'd ) I be not ask you to find the President 's miss sticky book , it 's nuclear war we be talk about !... if that 's not enough , and prison be not , then how about secret account number 583937994 ? you retirement policy . a tidy little sum from you noir racketeer day ... that account be now freeze , and I be the only man who can make it thaw , but first , you be go to go to work . solo that man sit there be the enemy ! he kill you top agent in East Berlin not twenty - four hour ago , and spend the majority of yesterday try very hard to kill I ... sander well , you 'il be in safe hand then . you yourself report on how capable he be . there be no choice in this solo . finish the job and then , and only then , be you do . now , we have twenty - four hour to get ready then you head to Greece with the Russian and the girl , as a team . solo , look over to kuryakin . they just stare at each other . intercut between CIA cine room and kgb cine room as follows : 26 . int . CIA cine room - day light off , a Super 8 film fill we in : image of a child soldier get a medal . a young man swim in the Olympic . another image pop up of he fire a gun at a target with deadly accuracy . sander kuryakin 's father be kill by the Nazis at the siege of leningrad . the day he get the news , we boy join the army . he be fourteen . kill so many Germans he be give the nickname '' the leningrad Plague . '' the kgb recruit he after the war and spend year refining he . his one flaw appear to be he temper . but make no mistake , he 's they top agent . CUT to : int . kgb cine room - day oleg click he finger and the light be off , and oleg walk in front of the film project onto a wall . now it 's solo 's turn . oleg ( subtitle ) solo be a sergeant in the Marines during the war . he be award the military Cross for bravery . he be station in Berlin after the war , where he become involved in multiple criminal activity , mostly deal in black - market goods . he speak many language , and he 's highly culture for all the wrong reason . he have a a broad knowledge of art , wine , antique , only in order to know it 's black market value . he be face a fifteen year prison sentence for he crime , but the CIA recognize he talent and offer to withhold he sentence , as long as he work for they . since then , he have be involved in some of they most important and dangerous clandestine operation . he have consistently best we top operative . ( more ) oleg ( subtitle ) ( cont 'd ) he 's not predictable . he 's not a product of the system . kuryakin nod . Sanders pace in front of solo . sander you main mission be to prevent the delivery of the bomb . that be the first priority . however , you have a second obligation . Professor teller 's research represent the next generation of nuclear weapon technology . it 's way ahead of anything we or the Russians have currently , and clearly he 's succeed in put it into practice . that research will be on a disk . we must have that disk and above all else , it must not fall into the hand of the Russians . oleg lie on a sofa while kuryakin pace . oleg ... it be essential that we get it and not the Americans . once you have complete you main mission ... Sanders stop pace . sander you be to use any mean ... oleg get off the sofa . oleg ..- mecessary to secure it . do I make ... Sanders stare at solo . 27 . CUT to : CUT to : CUT to : CUT to : CUT to : 28 . sander ..- myself clear ? CUT to : int . safe house - kitchen - day gaby sit opposite solo , who pass she a cup of tea . she 's look much better . gaby I keep my end of the deal , and I almost die for it . and now you want I to come to Greece ? solo look we do not have much time , and I need access to uncle rudi . if anybody know where you father be , it 's he , and if there 's one person he will tell , it 's you . gaby I can not do this . I do not know this world , you be ask I to be something I be not . solo trust I . all I need you to be be yourself . i’11l guide you through it , this be what I do . look at it as a holiday . you can see the sight , get a tan . and I promise there will be no danger . she 's melting . gaby promise ? solo promise . the chemistry between they be undeniable , but solo 's all business . solo ( cont ’d ) now , you need some clothes . let 's go shopping . 29 . int . clothing store - day a nice mid-range place that sell sensible clothes . solo watch as gaby look at dress . he spot a elegant black dress . solo this one be not bad . he show gaby the dress . she shake she head . gaby Black be for funeral . she turn to look at another dress . a troubled look pass over solo 's face . he 's all too aware that gaby 's wellbeing be again he responsibility . gaby ( cont 'd ) so Russia and America have become friend over this issue have they ? solo well , friend might be a overstatement ... but as coincidence would have it , you do already know the man we have to partner with . gaby know he ? how can I know he ? at which point , solo spot kuryakin . as usual , he 's dress in a outlandishly colorful and mismatch get - up , which he somehow manage to make cool . solo ( to kuryakin ) you be early . kuryakin we be in a hurry . gaby wait just a second . be not that the man ...? solo yes , it be . I tell you , you know he . gaby you have get to be kid . 30 . solo it 's go to be fine . kuryakin smile and take she hand . kuryakin ilya kuryakin . you be quite a driver young lady , I like that ina woman . gaby I feel sick . make it stop . solo that 's perfectly normal , you will get use to the feel . he see the dress . kuryakin do you pick this dress ? look at solo . kuryakin ( cont ’d ) there be no way my woman be wear this dress . gaby what do you mean '' my woman ? '' solo , what do he mean ? solo I think you should leave this department to I , no offense but ... kuryakin my fiancee would never wear this . gaby fiancee ? they ignore she . solo really , now you be a Russian fashion expert ? and that suit be you qualification ? kuryakin so you be a expert on what a Russian architect look like , cowboy ? 31 . gaby I be not do this . she storm out of the shop . solo look sarcastically at ilya . solo good work . kuryakin you job be to prepare she . solo you job be to give I time . ext . STREET - evening it 's a beautiful evening . gaby pace in front of a fountain while solo talk . solo he 's a architect design a new resort for heroes of the Soviet Union by the Black Sea . the Minister have a weakness for classical architecture so he 's be send to Greece to study it . he 's manage to get a visa for he fiancee . gaby ( in horror ) I ?! solo it 's the perfect cover . since uncle rudi life in athen , it 's only natural that you would pay hima visit to tell he the good news , and ask he about you father . gaby now you want I to be a actress ? solo it 's easier than it seem , I ’11l coach you through it . gaby shake she head . gaby this be insane . 32 . solo you can do it gaby , I will admit it 's a challenge , but I know you can handle it . she consider , but again she 's melting . gaby I can not believe I be do this . what will you be do while I be play the Russian bride ? solo I will be play a executive for american oil , on a business trip to check out triton shipping , rudi 's employer . ext . skorpios island - beach - day professor udo teller , gaby 's father , stand alone on the rock , stare out to sea . loom over he on the cliff above be a medieval castle . two man approach he from the direction of the fortress . one be Alexander skorpios . the other be another older gentleman , very well dress , with a mane of thick white hair . there 's a air of dissipation about he . meet rudolph von trulsch aka '' uncle rudi . '' uncle rudi hello udo . the Professor be startle from he reverie . udo rudi . what be you do here ? alexander I ask he to come . Alexander clearly make udo nervous . udo ( to uncle rudi ) what do you want I to say ? I have serve loyally for twenty - five year , have not I ? uncle rudi no one be question you loyalty . 33 . udo it be one thing for the organization to have nuclear capability for the purpose of leverage or deterrent . it 's quite another for we to sell the bomb to other party , who will use it to commit genocide . alexander the order come directly from the reich - Marshall in Buenos Aires . it be not for you to question they . udo ( shouting ) they do not build it ! they be not directly responsible ! alexander it 's too late for second thought Professor . you must finish the job you start ! ( to uncle rudi ) talk to he . he turn and leave . rudi put a calming hand around the Professor 's shoulder . uncle rudi I have some happy news , udo . I have hear from gaby . the blood drain from udo 's face . uncle rudi ( cont ’d ) she 's come to athen , with she new fiancee . imagine we little gabriella get marry . perhaps it 's time for a reunion ? udo look horrify . udo I do not want she involved in this . keep she away rudi . promise I ... int . airplane - day solo walk onto the plane , stop for a second , and see kuryakin and gaby sit together in first class . she have not see solo , but kuryakin have , and take a sip of champagne . 34 . solo take a step in they direction when he be stop by the stewardess . she look at he ticket ... stewardess sorry sir , you seat 's the other way ... kuryakin laugh . gaby what ? kuryakin you must do what I tell you to do , when I tell you to do it ... it could save you life . do you understand ? gaby I understand . kuryakin good , now laugh ... spontaneously , deeply , viscerally ... solo take this in as the stewardess point he towards the economy seat , fill with distinctly un - glamorous people . gaby laugh . solo look back at he new partner , who look over he shoulder before he whisper back in gaby 's ear ... kuryakin ( cont ’d ) good . now , where do we first have dinner ? solo ( to himself ) oh , you be just too funny , be not you , babushka . ext . athens - grand HOTEL - day a magnificent palace of a building in the best part of town . solo exit a cab . a bell - boy hurry over to relieve he of he luggage and escort he inside . int . grand HOTEL - lobby - day ooze luxury and old school grandeur . this be clearly the place where the athenian jet - set meet . 35 . as solo approach the check - in desk , he pass kuryakin and gaby be escort to the elevator . solo wait as the guest ahead of he finish check in . he 's a distinguished look older man . desk clerk enjoy you stay , Mr. waverly . waverly ( English accent ) thank you , my good man . solo smile at the pretty desk clerk . solo holstein . check in . desk clerk welcome to athen , Mr. holstein . int . grand HOTEL - room - day solo sigh as he take in the narrow single bed and the window which look out to the wall of the adjacent building . bell -boy be there anything else I can help you with , Mr. holstein ? solo tip the Bell - Boy who look very pleased with the amount . the Bell - Boy leave , the door shut . solo look at he watch and go to open the door . there be a man stand there with another case , he look surreptitiously down the corridor , and then pass the case to solo . agent you have a appointment with the owner of triton shipping tomorrow morning . detail be in here . he hand solo a envelope and disappear . solo unpack the case . he press a secret latch revealing a false bottom . underneath be he spy gear : a automatic with silencer , a couple of false passport , miniature camera , and a assortment of electronic bugging and tracking device . int . grand HOTEL - suite - night gaby stand on the balcony admire the view of the acropolis . 36 . there 's a knock at the door . kuryakin replace the false bottom in he very similar suitcase , conceal he own spy gear , before let solo in . gaby hand solo a envelope . gaby uncle rudi have invite we for dinner this evening . solo look at the card . kuryakin we ... he point to himself and gaby . solo that 's fortuitous , taverna tony . I have hear it 's the best restaurant in athen . i’1l be close by . kuryakin take the evening off cowboy . we will not need you . solo it be not you I be think of , kalinka . I will be there anyway . a man have to eat and I like a sun - dry octopus . kuryakin finish knotting he tie , and put on he jacket . once again , the clothes should be ridiculous , but kuryakin somehow pull it off . solo ( cont ’d ) do you want I to lend you a tie ? kuryakin just laugh and stand next to gaby . kuryakin how do we look , John Wayne ? solo like a beautiful wave clipper weigh down by a very heavy anchor . kuryakin do not listen to he angel , you look magnificent . 37 . solo no one can accuse you of cowardice , stalin . kuryakin take a ring out of he pocket and slip it on gaby 's engagement finger . kuryakin now ... like we be lover . he take she hand and go to kiss she on the lip . gaby where do you think you be go ? kuryakin practice angel , practice . gaby practice on he . ext . athens - taverna tony restaurant - night a outdoor restaurant on the most fashionable boulevard in athen . the rich and the beautiful populate the street and bar , drink cocktail at the candlelit table , or drive by in they open-topped italian and british sport car . a group of paparazzi be hang out in front , photograph the guest as they come and go . kuryakin and gaby be seat at one of the best table . gaby uncle rudi have be good to I . he pay for private tutor for year in Germany , so he like to play at be my father sometimes . so , understand if he start to grill you . solo be seat at a table near the door . he 's listen to the conversation through a tiny earpiece . he eat he octopus while read a guide book . he have a camera around he neck . he take the occasional snapshot . typical american tourist . a massive mercede pull up . the chauffeur hurry to open the door and out step uncle rudi . solo notice he nod almost imperceptibly to two thug stand on the far side of the road . he snap a shot of rudi and zoom he lens to reach the thugs. 38 . uncle rudi gabriella my darling ! Age be be much kinder to you than it be to I . so rare that a facade so pure , reflect so accurately the goods it contain . he kiss she hand . kuryakin roll he eye . gaby you be do it again uncle , stop with you flattery . uncle rudi nonsense , I report the truth . I never think I have see you out of that country of darkness . the light of freedom treat you well . no disrespect to you young man , or should I call you comrade ? he turn to kuryakin . kuryakin whatever make you happy sir . uncle rudi what will make I happy , be to know that my gabriella will be marrying aman that 's worthy of she . and how long have you two lovebird know each other ? gaby two year uncle . uncle rudi you do not think to mention he . be you ashamed ? kuryakin look confuse . kuryakin why should she be ? uncle rudi I appreciate that the equity of aristocratic blood be waste on a communist , however , even a Russian peasant must recognize the incompatibility of mixing the blood of a race horse with that of a cart horse . 39 . the Russian go quiet as he try to calculate the depth of the insult that have be levell at he . gaby you must forgive rudi , ilya dearest , he 's a terrible snob . and not to be take to seriously . the Russian be speechless , he hand grip the side of he chair . uncle rudi tell I ilya , do they get you to build the Wall before they put you behind it ? you be shape like a power lifter , not a architect ! the Russian force himself to speak . kuryakin I like to jog ... uncle rudi do gabriella ride on you back ? you must jog a great deal to look like that , it 's a wonder you have any time for architecture . and where do you jog to ? or be it the kind of jogging that go nowhere ? please tell I it 's not that , not the '' old dog chase its tail '' routine . we can see the Russian have have enough . kuryakin no , jogging 's the warmup to the '' pull the tongue out of old man who have forget what trouble it can get they into '' routine . pause , this could go either way . solo , who 's hear everything , look horrify . uncle rudi a sense of humor and a muscle corsair 's dare , all wrap up in a tie that can only be wear by a man permanently drunk on courage . I commend you on you choice gaga , a rare find . now let 's order . 40 . rudi give a slight nod , and the Greek band strike up a tune . dissolve to : ext . athens - taverna tony - night kuryakin , gaby , and uncle rudi be on they coffee . gaby uncle , I have be wonder about my father . I have give anything to see he again . you be he great friend , I think perhaps . uncle rudi you father be a fugitive , my dear . a hunt man . he have be very foolish to be anywhere in Europe . gaby but if there be any way to reach he ? his only daughter be get marry after all . rudi shake he head . uncle rudi gabriella , I feel for you as I would for my own child , but I be afraid I can not help you . he stand . uncle rudi ( cont ’d ) and now , it 's get late . I highly recommend that you take the short stroll back to you hotel . the acropolis at night be something not to be miss , especially for a architect . solo watch as they exit . rudi point which way to walk before he be whisk away in the massive mercede . as kuryakin and gaby stroll up the boulevard , the two thug from the beginning of the scene start to follow they . ext . STREET - night kuryakin and gaby turn the corner . 41 . gaby I can not believe you threaten to pull he tongue out . kuryakin I would not have pull it out , just stretch it a little . we use to do it in the early day , it take quite a lot of technique . gaby where do you come from ? kuryakin just kid . gaby no you be not . kuryakin okay , I be not , but that do not matter now . what do be that rudi know exactly where you father be . gaby what make you so sure ? they be interrupt by the sudden arrival of a mope , it 's solo . solo you be be follow . kuryakin I know , two of they . '' Goose -step '' rudi send they . I know what they be do here , but I do not know what you be do here . I tell you I do not need you help . solo oh yes , you do . now give I you gun , before it get we all into trouble . you have clearly get a very short temper ... threaten to pull he tongue out . kuryakin it 's not very short . gaby yes it be . 42 . solo it 's all happen around the next corner . it 's quiet and they have put the street lamp out . remember , you be a architect , take it like a pussy . now give I you gun . I do not have time to argue . kuryakin roll he eye and oblige . gaby I do not understand . kuryakin reluctantly hand the gun over . solo zoom off on the mope . gaby ( cont 'd ) what 's go on ? kuryakin Act scared . gaby I do not need to act . here come the two thug . one push kuryakin against the wall and jab a knife against he throat . kuryakin 's finger twitch , but then he hand relax . the other grab gaby by the arm . thug 1 money ! kuryakin yes , yes ... take whatever you want . we do not want any trouble . thug 1 rifle through kuryakin 's pocket , take he money . the other do the same with gaby 's purse . then he pull the ring off she finger . thug 1 watch . kuryakin please , it be my father 's , it 's not worth anything . thug 1 slap he , hard . thug 1 now ! 43 . kuryakin grit he tooth . it 's take all of he self control not to react as thug 1 rip the watch off he wrist and pause , he look into kuryakin 's eye . thug 1 ( cont 'd ) you woman 's brave than you . he slap he again . kuryakin fake fear ... but he slightly betray himself . he get slap again . gaby you have what you want , now please leave we ! thug 1 nothing to say big man ? slap ... kuryakin not really . thug 1 nothing ? what 's all the muscle for ? another slap , then the two man run off . solo step out of the shadow . solo everyone okay ? kuryakin groan . kuryakin enjoy the show ? solo hand he back he gun . solo good restraint . you father 's watch . Nice touch . kuryakin ( annoyed ) it be not a touch , it be he watch . gaby I still do not understand . what 's go on ? 44 , solo you uncle rudi want to find out if kalinka here really be a architect , and not some short -— tempere lunatic Russian spy . kuryakin I want my watch back . int . grand HOTEL - suite - night gaby be talk on the telephone , watch by solo and kuryakin . gaby right after we leave you , uncle rudi . it be horrible ... they beat poor ilya ... no he will be okay , it 's just the shock , he feel so helpless and weak . she look at kuryakin with a slight smile , he do not return it . gaby ( cont ’d ) yes , the hotel be send a doctor . okay , good - night then . she hang up the phone . gaby ( cont 'd ) he 's invite we to the racetrack tomorrow , to watch he employer 's team practice . solo and I have a appointment to meet the same man tomorrow morning , early , to discuss oil tanker . int . alexander skorpios 's office - night rudi hang up the phone . uncle rudi she will be come to the racetrack tomorrow . 45 . alexander good . she 's exactly what we need to convince she father to finish the job . what do you think about the Russian ? uncle rudi I be not sure . alexander well you need to be . uncle rudi leave it with I . ext . port of athens - day a taxi drop solo off outside , a brand new ultra-modern building at the entrance to one of the pier , triton shipping . ext . triton headquarters —- courtyard - day a secretary lead solo through a beautifully landscape garden fill with classical sculpture . secretary this way , Mr. holstein . solo impressive sculpture . secretary we be proud to be the large private restorer of antiquity in all of Greece . they continue past a convert warehouse with big glass wall , where there be twenty martial art student fight . secretary ( cont ’d ) and this be we spartan box Academy . it be found by Mr. skorpios 's father . legend have it that the three hundred spartan use this same fight style to hold off ten thousand Persians at the battle of thermopylae . solo notice a very attractive young woman among they , she appear to be a skillful fighter . 46 . secretary ( cont ’d ) this way please . they enter a modernist pavilion in the middle of the garden . int . alexander skorpios 's office - day a huge room . Alexander skorpios finish issue order to a underl . solo look at a series of family photograph on the wall . picture of : Alexander and Elena as child ; they mother , a beautiful older woman , and in pride of place , a picture of a big brute of a man , achilles skorpios , stand in front of a fishing boat with he two young child . alexander Mr. holstein ? solo quite a set up you have here , Mr. skorpios . alexander you like we spartan box Academy ? great exercise and so much less boring than run or go to the gym . my father practice it everyday and he live to ninety - eight ! you should try it sometime . solo I be afraid I be not much of a fighter . alexander well , we could always have my sister give you a lesson . solo I be not sure whether to be flatter or offended . alexander please sit down . can I get you a coffee or anything ? solo I be fine . thank you . alexander so , Mr. holstein , I be surprised that we have not meet before . ( more ) 47 . alexander ( cont 'd ) I think I know everyone at Texas oil . solo I be freelance , so to speak Mr. skorpios . my employer be not happy with they current shipper , and they be look to make a change , but they do not necessarily want to advertise they intention by send they own executive . alexander so you be not here to spy on we ? solo well , if I be , I be not about to admit it to you sir . but I be intrigue , why would the owner of a shipping company be worried about spy ? alexander the biggest shipping company in the world , Mr. holstein . we can move four billion ton of oil a year , which I trust will be enough to cover you need . but we aerospace department now represent a quarter of we business . New technology be a very competitive field and we have have issue with industrial spy . regrettably , we have find it necessary to be quite rough on occasion . solo well then , you will be relieved to hear that I be not remotely interested in steal you aerospace secret . you be sculpture on the other hand ... I have not see a praxiteles and a lysippus in the same room since the Christie 's sale of ' 59 . alexander ah , finally a man who have he priority in order . so rare in this business . tell I , what be you up to this afternoon ? I be have a little gather at the racetrack . ( more ) 48 . alexander ( cont 'd ) please , come as my guest , and we can continue we conversation about how we be go to move you oil . ext . racetrack —- skorpios enclosure - day a skorpios car roar past ... a man click he stopwatch shut . kuryakin , gaby , and uncle rudi look on . behind they be a throng of jet - set guest , enjoy the party , and go back and forth to the private bar . uncle rudi what 's the world come to ? a few year ago mugging never happen . I be sorry you get hurt comrade . kuryakin force a grin through gritt tooth . gaby ( rub it in ) he will get over it , he have not spend a lot of time out of Russia . frankly , he need toughing up a bit . uncle rudi ( proudly ) you be always brave . even as a little girl . another young woman approach , the same one solo see training earlier . this be elena skorpios . she 's very chic in a muscular kind of way . elena hello rudi . uncle rudi Elena ! allow I to introduce my god - daughter gaby . gaby , this be Elena skorpios , that 's she brother on the track , and also my employer . elena rudi 's tell I all about you . there 's something slightly menace about she smile . the skorpios car be come around . gaby he drive well . 49 . elena do you know much about racing ? the car come into the pit . Alexander get out , angry . pull off he helmet . yell at he mechanic ... alexander I tell you to put in the bigger carburetor jet and disconnect that stupid rev limiter ! mechanic I do as much as I think safe . alexander you have to improve the performance . mechanic I do not know what else to do sir . we have try all the other option . gaby have the jet be totally clean and recheck for size and flow ? mechanic what ? sorry , who be you ? gaby if I be not mistaken , that engine 's a 1460 c.c. Coventry climax fwb with a five bear camshaft . it use 40 dcoe weber carburetor , which work predictably in cooler condition . with this kind of road head , you have to expand the carb jetting , then you might find what you be look for . the mechanic calculate . mechanic you can not because the expansion will produce too much fuel flow and start to foul the plug . gaby not if you be extremely careful and tweek no more than .20 to .26 mm . it 's easiest to work from small to large until you get the right ratio . 50 . clearly , the mechanic 's mind can not keep up with the math . he look exasperate , but Alexander look electrify . mechanic look lady , I do not know ... alexander try it . the mechanic look lose . gaby politely interrupt the moment . gaby I can do it for you if you like ? she roll up she sleeve . CUT to : ext . racetrack - bar - day solo continue to play the american tourist , camera sling around he neck . he snap picture . Alexander , rudi , Elena , and other in the entourage . look slightly bored , Elena walk past he on the way to the bar . solo consider , then decide to follow she . he pass Mr. waverly , the distinguished English go from the hotel , who be sit at a table have a drink . int . racetrack - bar - day solo get to the bar before Elena arrive . he lean in to the barman and speak in hushed tone . solo there 's a hundred buck in it for you if you tell she whatever she want , I just buy the last of . Elena walk up . elena campari and soda . barman I be afraid the gentleman have buy the last one , madam . as he mix the drink , she look across to solo . he raise he eye brow . 51 . solo I insist you have mine . elena you do not look like a man who drink campari and soda . solo it be my mother 's favorite drink . elena a mother 's boy . solo alas , which lead to I be a late bloomer . elena have you catch up with the other boy ? solo paddle away , but the current be strong . I be Max holstein with Texas oil . elena ah , the big boy . it appear you have more than catch up . solo I be visit you brother and I see you training . my history be a little rusty , but do I recall correctly that in ancient sparta , if a man want to ask a woman out , he have to fight she first ? elena ohh , you be a clever boy ! solo sadly , not a tough one . elena why do not I believe such modesty ? you can always try . my office be next to my brother 's . I will be there all tomorrow . why do not you drop by for a lesson ? CUT to : 52 . ext . racetrack - pit — day gaby , rudi , and the mechanic watch Alexander 's car go round the track . Alexander come tear into the pit . he jump out of the car . he look up at the time . alexander ( to gaby ) who be you ? uncle rudi Alexander , this be my goddaughter gaby . Alexander take gaby 's hand , hold it a little too long . alexander you should come and work for I . I mean it . gaby I live in East Germany . alexander arrangement can be make ... gaby gesture to kuryakin . gaby this be my fiancee , ilya . kuryakin please to meet you . he extend he hand , but Alexander have already turn back to gaby . alexander I believe that each one of we have a destiny and I can help you with yours . gaby you do not know what my destiny be . alexander I know greatness when I see it , and I have the mean to encourage its potential . I can make you great ... now show I what you do to that engine . they walk over to the car , out of kuryakin 's earshot . 53 . gaby you be quite full of yourself , be not you ? alexander I can afford to be . come to lunch tomorrow . he look at kuryakin with disdain . alexander ( cont 'd ) alone . rudi will arrange it . int . grand HOTEL - suite - evening kuryakin pace angrily . kuryakin he 's a Nazi if I ever see one . gaby you need to control you temper . solo I agree . kuryakin give he a look . solo ( cont ’d ) what do you think of he ? gaby I think he 's a athletic , good - look gazillionaire , who 's offer I a job and make advance toward I . ( beat ) I think I quite like he . solo yes , but do you think he 's up to no good ? gaby if you mean by no good , be he plan on steal I away from my fiancee ? the answer be yes . kuryakin well that 's not happen . no way ! 54 . gaby I do not know what you be upset about , you be not even my fiancee . kuryakin as far as he know , I be , and I be for the purpose of this mission . so , like I say , it 's not happen . exasperate . solo I mean by '' no good , '' be he a neo - Nazi involved in the sell of a nuclear weapon to start a war ? not whether or not he be try to jump you bone . gaby I might need a second conversation before he will confess to that ambition . solo I agree . go to lunch tomorrow . alone . rattle that tree . there 's fruit up there somewhere . we just need to find it . kuryakin ( grumpy ) I have be better off on my own . I be go to get a early night . int . grand HOTEL - room - night solo change into some dark clothing , arm himself , and slip out of he room . ext . dock - night a big sign read : triton shipping and aerospace . solo slip past a security guard hut and onto the pier , which appear to be entirely occupy by skorpios . move through the crane and stack of container , solo look around . there be big storage warehouse , a enormous tanker be load up , and at the very end , a bunker - like building which house triton aerospace . 55 . this building have a high fence around it and be heavily guard by uniform security . just inside be a guard tower with a spotlight , whose beam periodically rake the front of the building . solo be stand in the shadow , look for the best point of entry , when suddenly he see another figure , also dress in black , head towards he hide place . solo pull he gun and crouch behind a crate . the figure stop exactly in the spot where solo be conceal . solo peep around the edge of the crate , and see kuryakin also scan the fence of the aerospace building . kuryakin spin , wield a vicious look knife . solo I think you be have a early night ? kuryakin cowboy ? dress in black and hide in shadow . this be what you do when the sun go down ? solo this be my patch , pal . go and find you own warehouse . kuryakin this be my warehouse . you be confuse again . solo look , this be my job . I do not need you lurking about here , set off alarm . kuryakin I do not set off alarm , and I only work on my own . they glare at each other . solo you know what , this be my last mission . all I want be for it to go nice and smooth . so ... you can tag along , just do not get in the way . in and out . no one need to know , and we can forget about it in the morning . 56 . kuryakin you be get out ? solo yup . kuryakin why ? solo none of you business . let 's not pretend we be pal . shall we get on with this ? he run over to the fence . kuryakin follow . solo pull out what look like a ordinary pocket - knife , and open the scissors . kuryakin look dubious as solo start to cut the wire , impressed as the blade slice through like paper . solo ( cont ’d ) super-harden boron sharpen with a parallax laser . kuryakin shrug , he pull out what look like a large pen . solo ( cont 'd ) what 's that ? kuryakin a parallax laser . his cutter work significantly better than solo 's . they peel back enough of the wire to be able to slip through . solo point to a small doorway at one end of the wall . solo the spotlight beam cross that doorway every forty - seven second . there be two lock . one each ? kuryakin nod . he take out a device that look like a screwdriver , with a wire come out of one end , attach to a earpiece . clearly , a super high - tech lock pick . kuryakin go . as the spotlight pass , he sprint to the door . solo be close behind . 57 . kuryakin stick the earpiece in he ear , and insert the pick into the bottom lock . solo calmly take a paperclip out of he pocket , unfold it , and go to work on the top lock . in the meantime , the spotlight have reach the end of the building , and be beginning its journey back . solo make short work of he lock , but kuryakin be have trouble with he . solo struggle ? kuryakin shake he head . the light be get closer . solo ( cont ’d ) need some help ? closer . solo ( cont ’d ) we do not have all night , in fact , about ten second . a couple more try with the pick , then kuryakin give up and kick the door , break the lock . int . triton aerospace - night solo and kuryakin be in a narrow corridor . they hold they breath , listen to know whether the sound of the door have alert anyone . apparently not . solo that be one way to do it . kuryakin shrug . kuryakin we be in , be not we ? solo and we have leave a trail . since we have to work together , we should agree on a approach . and in my experience , ninety - nine percent of the time , the scalpel be more effective than the hammer . 58 . kuryakin I do not need a lesson from you , cowboy . kuryakin be already head down the corridor . they move past various administrative office until they reach a open hallway with wall of glass , which look into a series of laboratory . int . laboratory wing - night solo and kuryakin move through the lab . they be clearly be use to manufacture high - tech electronic component for rocket guidance system and satellite , but no sign of anything to do with nuclear weaponry . solo and kuryakin look at each other . kuryakin there 's nothing here . solo or there 's something we be not see . kuryakin we search and most of the time we find nothing . that be the nature of we business . let 's go . solo let 's take one more pass . the sound of approach footstep . they duck down behind a desk . a guard pass by , on patrol . solo wait until he enter the next room , then start to move . solo can see kuryakin be not move . solo ( cont ’d ) shall we go ? kuryakin that 's the man who steal my watch ... solo this be not the time ... but kuryakin be already go after he . 59 . solo ( cont ’d ) this way , dammit ! it 's like a game of grandmother 's footstep , with kuryakin sneaking up behind the Guard who periodically sense something behind he , and turn , cause kuryakin to hide . finally , kuryakin get within strike distance . solo be shaking be head . get on with it man . but kuryakin go into some strange stance , put both hand behind he back , and whistle , the guard spin . kuryakin slap the man so hard , it 's almost unbelievable . the man be paralyse , and just stand there freeze , while kuryakin check he wrist . solo be quite shocked by this action . solo ( cont ’d ) what have you do to he ? he grab the Guard 's leave wrist . kuryakin it 's know as the '' kgb kiss , '' effective be not it ? take year to master , although he 's stand , he 's completely unconscious . will be for twenty minute , when he wake up , he will not remember what day it be . solo come in for a closer inspection of the unconscious man , in spite of himself , he 's fascinate . kuryakin ( cont 'd ) damn ! it 's not my watch . he look exactly like this man . he push the Guard , he collapse . solo can we go now ? solo turn to leave , and suddenly stop . he have spot a heavy protective suit hang on the wall . solo ( cont ’d ) what be a radiation protection suit do hang in a electronics lab ? he look around the immediate area . nothing . he then flick a lone light switch on the wall , and the floor start move under kuryakin 's foot . 60 . kuryakin step to one side , as a section of floor slide open to reveal a hide staircase . solo tap he temple with the tip of he index finger . solo ( cont 'd ) scalpel . kuryakin if I have not go after my watch ... but solo be already head down the stair . at the bottom be a door that he open . int . nuclear laboratory - night the lab be pretty much empty . there be a few cannister and what look like some disassembled centrifuge equipment , but that 's it . solo take off he watch and press a button . the watch emit a faint click sound . it be a geiger counter . kuryakin eye he own wrist mournfully . the click get louder as solo approach a large steel vault door , set into the wall . in the center be a combination lock . kuryakin offer solo the lock . kuryakin please ... solo you sure ... because if you want to try . kuryakin ( annoyed ) hurry up . solo go to work on the lock . he have the finesse of a expert safecracker and make short work of the lock . he turn the handle and open the door . solo you stick with I kid . the lead -line vault be empty , but the geiger counter click madly . 61 . suddenly , there be a terrible shriek sound . kuryakin immediately go into action , head for the stair . the floor above they be slide shut . kuryakin scramble out and reach back for solo , pull he out just as the gap close . through the glass , several security guard wield machine gun can be see approach . kuryakin pull out he gun . it 's super - cool , high - tech , and huge . kuryakin Hammer . solo eye it jealously before pull out he standard issue automatic , which look puny by comparison . kuryakin eye it with contempt . kuryakin ( cont ’d ) you want to borrow mine ? solo I be alright , pal . kuryakin pull out a second super high - tech pistol . he open fire with both pistol at the same time . single shot . all deadly accurate . solo look for a way out . he tap kuryakin on the shoulder . solo ( cont ’d ) can we get out of here ? he point to the window . kuryakin nod . solo ( cont ’d ) on three ... one , two , three ! he grab a chair and run at the window . kuryakin follow . smash . they be through the window in a hail of glass and bullet . 62 . ext . ocean - night splash . they land in the dark water below , find they bearing , and kick up towards the surface . bullet smack the water around they as Guards fire from the window of the building . there be more man run along the dock . the two agent swim away from the pier , towards a cluster of fishing and pleasure boat that be moor inside the harbor for the night . solo you seem to have a little trouble in the water . do you learn to swim late in life ? kuryakin actually , I win a silver at the Olympic , but hold a gun in each hand do make it more challenging . he raise he hand , revealing the two gun - you be leave think how could he swim at all with they ? in the distance , the sound of a approach engine . a big motorboat with a searchlight on the front . the beam catch kuryakin . he duck underwater . the driver accelerate and in second the boat have reach where kuryakin be swim . the driver cut the motor and the boat float silently . the man scan the water on the starboard side , where they last see kuryakin . the boat have cut the two man off from one another . kuryakin float as still as he can , ducking under whenever the spotlight pass over he . solo tread water on the other side of the boat , watch . he can hear the voice of the Guards , talk to each other in Greek . one of the Guards take something out of a bag . toss it into the water . kaboom ! a grenade . even on the other side of the boat , solo be pummele by the shock - wave . kuryakin be hit full force . he clutches he ear in agony . 63 . the guard toss another grenade in for good measure . kaboom ! kuryakin be rock by another shock - wave . the man on the boat scan the water , they find something with the spotlight beam . the engine start and they move towards it . it 's kuryakin 's shoe . satisfied that they job be do , they move off . and sure enough , kuryakin have black out and be sink . slowly , slowly he drift down towards the ocean floor . then solo be there , grab he under the arm and kick up to the surface . solo come on , come on . he slap kuryakin . twist he nose . nothing . finally , he 's force to give he mouth - to-mouth . kuryakin sputter awake . kuryakin okay ! I be okay ! solo you do not look so okay . we have get to get out of here Mr. Olympic , can you swim ? kuryakin nod . int . grand HOTEL - suite - next day gaby be put the finish touch on she makeup . she wear a beautiful dress and look stun . solo sit at the desk , fiddling with some kind of electronic device . kuryakin be on the phone . he hang up , look at gaby and solo . kuryakin Alexander 's chauffeur be wait for you downstairs . solo shake he head . 64 . solo I do not know about this ... after last night 's debacle , they 'il be suspicious of everyone . he glare at kuryakin . kuryakin I be not the one who set off the alarm , cowboy . solo I have tell you there be no alarm on the vault . obviously they find the door someone have kick in ! gaby be you two really go to do this again ? that shut solo and kuryakin up . gaby ( cont ’d ) we best shot be to continue as if nothing have change . which mean , I need to go and have my lunch with Alexander and accept he job offer . the two man look at each other , they know she 's right . solo I will fit you with a home device just in case . solo show she the device he 's be fiddling with . it look like a metal lighter . solo ( cont ’d ) latest technology . ten mile radius . two day battery . and it 'il light you cigarette . he flick it to demonstrate . solo ( cont ’d ) flick it the other way and it send a distress signal . we ’1ll be there in a matter of minute . he look at kuryakin , expect some reaction . kuryakin just nod . kuryakin impressive . gaby see you later then . solo walk she to the door . solo we will be close by . gaby I know . 65 . she take he hand in hers , squeeze they , then she leave . solo turn to kuryakin . solo I be surprised . kuryakin by what ? solo by the fact that you do not feel the need to trump I with a '' new and improve '' Soviet tracking device . I guess you guy have not have a chance to steal we technology yet . kuryakin smile . kuryakin oh , you mean one of this . he produce something that 's the size of a postage stamp . kuryakin ( cont ’d ) you can hide it anywhere , twenty mile radius , four day battery . a pause as solo take this in . solo and you already plant one on gaby , I suppose . kuryakin I sow one into each of she dress while she be sleep . a bug too . he hold up a second postage stamp-size device . 66 . solo well , be not you Mr. superspy . kuryakin look smug . ext . alexander 's villa - day a magnificent example of mid-century modern architecture build on a massive scale . a chauffeur- drive mercede pull through the gate , past a armed guard patrol with a huge rottweiler on a leash , and up the driveway to the front door . the chauffeur jump out and open the door for gaby . in the fore court , half a dozen of the most stun exotic sport car of the day be park . Ferrari , maserati , aston Martin , Alfa Romeo . gaby be irresistibly draw to they , examine they each , one - by-one . alexander ( 0.s. ) take you pick . he walk over to she . gaby funny . alexander I be serious . come and work for I , and you can choose any one of this you like . he turn . alexander ( cont 'd ) now , I hope you be hungry ... CUT to : ext . hill above villa - day kuryakin and solo be watch through binocular . the villa below stand on its own , surround by woodland . kuryakin have set up he surveillance equipment in the back of a van , and be point a antenna down towards the villa . 67 . the scan device be on , a single dot be pulsing on the screen . solo look okay . kuryakin I tell you . solo since you have everything so nicely in control , you can handle the surveillance . I be go to pay the sister a visit , see what I can find out from she . solo pull he mope out of the back of the van , and leave . kuryakin adjust he equipment , put on a pair of headphone , and adjust some more . gaby ( through the headphone ) h# #@o un*** r##i. it 's too garble to hear properly . kuryakin sling the receiver over he shoulder , grab the antenna , and start down the hill to try to pick up a better signal . CUT to : ext . alexander 's villa - veranda - day uncle rudi be sit at the lunch table . Alexander gallantly pull a chair out for gaby . uncle rudi do he offer you a car ? gaby and there I be feel all special . uncle rudi oh , he do not do it to everyone , but I have a feel he have make a extra effort for you . good afternoon my child . I can not stay long , just here to say hello , and get you start . alexander wine ? 68 . Alexander pour wine for everyone , then raise he glass in a toast . alexander ( cont 'd ) to conversation . CUT to : int . elena' office - day she 's on the phone dress in a gi , she 's look all pouty and rude , clearly in business mode . elena ( on phone ) if you can not buy they out , burn they out . she look up at solo , who have just be bring in by a assistant . solo gesture - should he wait outside ? she shake she head and point to a chair . elena ( cont 'd ) stay where you be . ( on phone ) not you toni. she look at solo provocatively , never take she eye off he , while she carry on with the threat on the phone . elena ( on phone ) ( cont ’d ) I get what I want Toni , it 's up to they which way it happen . painless or painful , it 's happen ... make that eloquent . I want that dock , I be go to have that dock . now either you be go to get it do , or I be , and if it 's go to be I , there really be not much need for you be there ? she gently put the phone down . solo bad time ? elena just another day at the office . I do not think you have have the bit to turn up . 69 . solo do I need bit ? elena bit be a prerequisite . the change room be through there . solo I be hope to keep my clothes on and just be a tourist . elena I think we both know you be more inquisitive than that . solo I be a beginner . elena do not worry , I will go easy on you . int . skorpios gym - day solo be now dress in a gi . he enter a small private room with mat cover the floor . Elena be wait . solo so , this be a family tradition ? elena my father start it . she point to a old black - and - white photograph on the wall of a powerful look Achilles skorpios , stand proudly on the deck of he fishing boat . elena ( cont 'd ) he , as you might have gather , be obsessed with the spartan way . you can trace we family tree back two thousand year . he take it very seriously . my dad do not do weak , and would not let we do it either . solo so I gather . elena ready ? 70 . solo you promise to go easy on I . elena indeed , I promise . dimitri ! a ogre of a man enter . he be wear a gi . elena ( cont 'd ) Max , this be dimitri . solo put two - and - two together . solo I think there 's be a misunderstanding . elena I think you want a lesson ? solo I think it be with you . elena you say you be a beginner . I only teach the advanced class . Elena turn to leave . elena ( cont 'd ) I have love to stay and watch but I be rather busy today . she exit , leave solo to face the ogre . CUT to : ext . alexander 's villa - wood - day kuryakin be almost at the fence of the estate . he duck behind a tree , avoid be see by a second guard walk across the lawn with another rottweiler . he try the headphone again , adjust the antenna . alexander ( through headphone ) do that mean .... CUT to : 71 . ext . alexander 's villa - veranda - day Alexander pour more wine . alexander «+. you will accept my offer ? gaby I will accept you offer , but it must include certain requisite . alexander go on . gaby I want to see my father , and I want to be a part of what he be do . uncle rudi I tell you , she 's one of we . alexander what reason do you have for think that I know anything about you father ? other than what rudi have tell I . gaby the same reason that I know who break into you laboratory last night . alexander this wine agree with you . be you go to tell I something interesting ? gaby my '' fiancee '' be a kgb agent , and he think you be up to no good , Mr. Alexander skorpios , and so do a lot of other people . she take out the device solo give she , and place it on the table . gaby ( cont 'd ) he 's tracking I as we drink . CUT to : 72. ext . alexander 's villa - wood - day ilya listen in horror . CUT to : int . alexander 's villa - veranda - day gaby he 's be team with a CIA agent . you know he as Max holstein , of Texas oil . you should be flatter gentleman , you have manage to do what nobody else could , ally the superpower . alexander why be you tell I this ? gaby please , you know who my father be , and uncle rudi 's be groom I since I be a child . we share the same belief Mr. skorpios . I just think you view may be a little more liberal than mine . Alexander look at rudi . rudi nod , stand , and walk out the room . alexander before we go any further , you need to understand something . rudi have go to fetch he photo album . it 's very important that you look very carefully at the picture in this book . as they say , '' a picture be a thousand word . '' rudi return with the book and present it to Alexander . Alexander open it , and show it to gaby . he study she , look for a reaction . alexander ( cont 'd ) you '' uncle '' rudi be a man of considerable hide talent . rudi shrug modestly . alexander ( cont 'd ) .+- which he have go to great trouble to document . 73 . gaby can not hide she horror as she stare at she godfather . alexander ( cont 'd ) we friend , we treat like family , but we enemy ... be I make myself clear ? there be a pause , then gaby look up and deep into he eye . gaby as a river of gin . just give I a opportunity to demonstrate my loyalty to the cause . Alexander and rudi share a look . alexander ( to rudi ) be not the CIA agent have lunch with my sister right now ? uncle rudi he be . alexander then do not you have a call to make ? rudi leave , Alexander turn to gaby . alexander ( cont 'd ) it seem you father be have some doubt ... CUT to : int . skorpios gym - day dimitri have solo in a choke hold . his face be turn red . he twist and push , and just manage to get out of it . dimitri whacks solo on the side of the head . he go down hard . the ogre lumber over to he and grab he by the scruff of the neck . that 's when solo strike . kick to the ball . one , two punch , and dimitri collapse . solo head out the door and straight for ... 74 . int . elena' office - day she 's on the phone . solo stand before she . elena really ? how interesting . I should not have any trouble handle that . she hang up and smile at solo . solo I think I may be ready for the advanced class after all . elena there 's more to you than meet the eye , Max . she pour some water from a carafe into a glass for solo . he drain it in one . solo shall we get on with it ? CUT to : ext . alexander 's villa - wood - day kuryakin haul he gear through the tree , head up the hill , towards the van . then he hear it , the unmistakable sound of large animal run through the undergrowth . he look back to see two rottweiler bound towards he . he start to run . CUT to : ext . alexander 's villa —- courtyard - day Alexander usher gaby into a wait helicopter which take flight . rudi , in the meantime , get into he mercede , which roar off . CUT to : 75 . ext . alexander 's villa - wood - day kuryakin run . here come the dog . kuryakin stop . he know he can not outrun the they . as they leap at he , he swing the heavy receiver , and catch one of the dog on the side of the head , stun it . the other go for he throat . CUT to : int . skorpios gym - day solo and Elena circle each other . solo 's start to look a bit wobbly . solo I must commend you on you choice of drug . I think I detect a trace of alfonsiamonoitrate in my water . I can only imagine that within the next few minute I will be no good to anyone . elena I do warn you that advanced be a whole new level . solo stumble . elena ( cont 'd ) but I will go easy on you . she slowly reach out and push he gently on the nose . solo collapse . CUT to : ext . alexander 's villa - wood - day kuryakin be still wrestle with the dog . he hear the shout of man approach . he look over to see a guard aim a rifle at he . kuryakin manage to roll over so that the dog take the bullet . it let 's go of he with a yelp . kuryakin manage to scramble the rest of the way up the hill . he jump into the van and screech away . CUT to : 76 . int . skorpios gym basement - torture room - day solo wake up to find himself in what look like a surgery . Elena be go . he be strapped to a gurney and uncle rudi be stand over he . there 's a glass window in one wall , through which solo can see two men stand guard . uncle rudi once upon a time there be a little boy . you would not describe he as a particularly special little boy , he be neither tall or handsome , charismatic or amusing . in fact , he appear to be exceedingly dull . because of this boy 's apparent shortcomings , he be bully mercilessly and relentlessly by the other child . Year merge with miserable year , as life continue to be a live hell . but what the other boy do not understand about they victim , be that he do not see they as enemy . he see they as instrument of learn . a priceless lesson be glean from he tormentor . man have only two master in this world . and they name , Mr. solo , be pain and fear . as the boy grow older , he find he have a extraordinary talent for elicite this god in other . so , on the principle of play to you strength , he decide to make they cultivation he life 's work . fortunately for this boy , history present a unprecedented opportunity , a world war . you may have hear of the Dark angel of ravensberg , the Butcher of belsen , or my favorite , the fifth horseman , Doctor apocalypse . what history have fail to relate be that this be not three individual , but the tireless work of a single artist . Rest assure that you be in experience hand , and trust I , when I say , Mr. solo , you will tell I the truth . but we can take we time , there be no hurry ... 77 . solo that 's quite a story . and I appreciate the trouble you have go to on my account , but I fear you talent may be waste , as I be perfectly happy to tell you whatever you want to know . my name be fredrick Johnson , I ama freelance industrial spy , I steal technology from corporation and sell it to the high bidder . the german smile , and nod to a assistant who be hover in the background . all of a sudden , solo be jolted into a spasm of extraordinary proportion . after five second it stop and smoke start to rise from he hair . uncle rudi while you be rest , I take the liberty of insert some electrode into the nerve center at the base of you spine , hurt do not it ? shall we start again ? CUT to : ext . triton headquarters - day down the street from the entrance to the office , be a separate street entrance to the spartan box Academy . kuryakin pull over and park the van . he open he briefcase , take out several clip of extra ammunition , which he load into he pocket . he get out of the car . int . skorpios gym - lobby - day kuryakin walk in . there 's a thug man the reception desk . kuryakin I would like to join you gym . the receptionist eye he sullenly , say something unintelligible in Greek . receptionist no ingleesh . 78 . we see kuryakin 's hand go behind he back , in what we know as the signature position for the '' kgb kiss . '' Close on : kuryakin 's hand . we see one fly out , and hear the sound of the slap . CUT to : int . skorpios gym basement - torture room - day the torture continue . another jolt . more smoking hair . uncle rudi Mr. solo , I do not think you take I very seriously . in the background , through the window , we see kuryakin shoot and generally dispose of the two guard . the glass be sound proof . solo can see kuryakin in the background and watch the Guards drop , he try not to give away he relief . rudi turn as he Assistant wheel over a table full of instrument of torture , but be too distract to notice that the Guards be no longer stand outside the window . uncle rudi ( cont 'd ) it do continue to amaze I , that people think I can not spot a lie ... he flick the switch himself . solo be jolted again . kuryakin , who be crouch down , open the door and slip in . the Assistant turn , and be shot dead , the sound of he fall body be mask by the sound of the electricity . rudi turn the power off . uncle rudi ( cont ’d ) pass I the plier , the show be about to begin . rudi 's hand go out and receive nothing . he then turn to see kuryakin . kuryakin I think we would better get my colleague out of the chair do not you ? CUT to : 79 . int . skorpios gym basement - torture room - day uncle rudi be now in the chair . needless to say , he have turn quite pale . solo 's hand hover over the electrical switch . kuryakin where 's the warhead ? rudi hesitates . solo turn up the pain . uncle rudi ahh ... skorpios ! kuryakin skorpios ? uncle rudi the family 's private island . solo and gaby ? uncle rudi she 's there too . kuryakin look at solo . kuryakin ( to uncle rudi ) tell he ... uncle rudi what ??? kuryakin how you know about we ... uncle rudi gaby . ( proudly ) she 's one of we now . kuryakin just in case you have any doubt . annoy , solo jack up the power . rudi squeal . solo and when be the egyptian take delivery of the bomb ? 80. uncle rudi you be too late . solo 's hand hover over the switch . uncle rudi ( cont 'd ) tomorrow . no more , please ! solo stare at he and step away from the switch . solo now tell I about you organization . rudi look relieved . uncle rudi at the end of the war , some of we leadership manage to escape to South America . we have be steadily rebuild since then . we have more power , money , and influence than you can imagine . it do not matter what happen to I or even the bomb . this be only the beginning . you can not stop they , but you can take care of yourselves . you be practical man , you can kill I , but you know it will not make any difference . let 's make a deal . I can have swiss bank account set up today . name you price . solo 's eyebrow raise as he look at kuryakin . solo I have to admit that do sound like a attractive idea . what do you think ? five million each ? kuryakin I think ten . uncle rudi ten million each . done ! solo I dunno ... on second think . I think I have rather just cook you . 81 . int . skorpios gym basement - torture room - anteroom - day through the window , we can see a faintly out of focus rudi jolting around , but we can not hear a sound . there 's a sound of run foot above they . kuryakin how be you feel ? solo sore . kuryakin hand solo one of he high - tech gun . int . skorpios gym - day solo and kuryakin reach the narrow corridor at the top of the stair , and be immediately attack on both side by the student we see earlier , who be armed with nunchuk , sword , and various martial art weapon . they shoot a couple of they , but the sheer number mean the fight soon become hand - to-hand . a spectacular martial art battle ensue as solo and kuryakin fight eight man at the same time . kuryakin once again demonstrate he extraordinary martial art skill . solo can take care of himself , but now and then need some help from kuryakin . as they make they way towards the entrance , kuryakin suddenly point at one of they would - be attacker , who be now approach with a lot more caution . kuryakin you ! the man turn tail and run . kuryakin go after he . solo what be you do ?... the entrance be this way . kuryakin grab the man , but three more attack he . solo be force to go to he aid . they be fight the four attacker , but all kuryakin appear to be interested in be the leave wrist of the man he run after . finally , he manage to pull he shirtsleeve up . 82 . kuryakin dammit ! he go bonker , take out he frustration on the attacker . solo shake he head in disbelief . solo you father 's watch again ? this have to stop . kuryakin storm out of the building . ext . skorpios island - fortress - day Alexander 's helicopter fly over skorpios Island which be a C -shape rock stick out of the ocean . in the center of the C be a deepwater harbor , where a tanker be laid up for repair . built into the rock , defend the harbor , be the ancient fortress . on the other side of the harbor , there be a village with a thick cluster of fishing boat . there be a half mile long causeway , which join the island to the mainland . ext . skorpios island - castle - day Alexander 's helicopter descend into the castle courtyard . on three side , there be massive stone wall , and the fourth side be the rock itself . in the middle of the fourth side , there be the bunker - like entrance to the old german gun emplacement , which have clearly be modernize and put to a different use . the helicopter land . Alexander and gaby climb out . alexander please follow I . she do . they be lead through the heavily guard castle to a large terrace , overlook the sea . seat on a chair , stare out into the distance , be the Professor . Alexander grab gaby 's arm . 83. alexander ( cont 'd ) eighteen year . this be quite a moment . gaby nod . alexander ( cont 'd ) remember , you have very little time . gaby look Alexander in the eye . gaby leave he to I . ext . skorpios island - castle terrace - day gaby walk out onto the terrace . her father turn at the sound of she footstep . he look pale and gaunt . he rise to meet she . udo ( subtitle ) ( in german ) gaby ? gaby ( subtitle ) Father . he study she face , not entirely sure . he then take she hand . but instead of clasp it , he turn it over look for something - a small scar on she wrist . udo ( subtitle ) oh God . it really be you . he put he head in he hand . udo ( subtitle ) ( cont ’d ) forgive I . as you get older you start to doubt some of you belief , and I think I have make a terrible mistake . gaby ( subtitle ) look at I father . take a deep breath . I need you to be strong . but he 's off in he own world of self - recrimination . udo ( subtitle ) I be so sure I be do the right thing . 84 . whack ! gaby slap he across the face . gaby ( subtitle ) I need you to stop feel sorry for yourself and listen carefully to I . int . private plane - day solo stir uncomfortably in he seat . he 's half sit on a cushion , a fail attempt to ease some of the effect of he torture . kuryakin sit opposite , smirk at solo 's predicament . kuryakin you okay , cowboy ? solo no , but I ‘’1l manage . kuryakin chuckle . solo look annoyed . Long silence . solo ( cont ’d ) I do not have she down as a Nazi , I miss that one . kuryakin I know she be a Nazi . solo ( sarcastic ) of course you do . kuryakin I bugge she , do not I ? solo do I a favor . kuryakin you let she get into you , do not you , cowboy ? that 's never a good idea . solo you know what , kalinka , you be really rather sweet in a perverse , dangerous , and naive sort of way . she do not '' get into I , '' the job do . I sometimes find myself chuckle at the absurdity of it all . 85 . kuryakin ah , solo the philosopher . solo you should try think sometime , kalinka , a wild idea for you I know . kuryakin what 's there to think about ? I kill bad people , that 's my job . I like my job . solo it must be so comforting not to understand the concept of irony . last week you be try to take my life , and this week you be do quite a good job of save it . can not wait to see what happen next week , if it turn out that I have something that you want . you do not know if you be come or go . kuryakin I know enough to be satisfied that I be do the right thing . solo be that so ? do you really think the man who give we order care about make the world a safer place ? or do they just want to be the only kid in the playground with a gun ? hmm , I wonder . kuryakin it must be terribly sad not to believe in anything anymore . at that moment , the door to the cabin open and in walk the steward , carry a silver tray with three glass on it . as he approach , we recognize Mr. waverly from the hotel and the racetrack . waverly vodka for Mr. solo ? bourbon for Mr. kuryakin . and ... he sit down next to solo. 86 . waverly ( cont ’d ) sherry for I . ( beat ) since you two be at the disadvantage here , allow I to introduce myself , retire Admiral percival waverly . currently , deputy head of british Naval Intelligence . you employer send they regards . give the latest development , we be all in agreement that we need to stop compete , and help one another on this one . you will report to I for the remainder of the mission . you can confirm this with you boss when we land . down she go . he take a large swig of he sherry . solo what exactly be the latest development ? waverly we have it on good authority that the egyptian be expect delivery of the warhead within the next twelve hour . there be rumor that they be send a submarine . and ... there 's the small matter of retrieve we agent . kuryakin you agent ? solo here we go . I be start to smell the irony . she 's work for you , be not she ? waverly gaby be a british agent , have be for year . there be some thing too sensitive to share , even with one 's ally . solo in other word you want the credit for bag the Professor for yourself . 87. waverly once you Americans lose she father , it be only a matter of time before he old Nazi chum would turn up . we be expect Nazis , but we be not expect you two . you nearly cocked up fifteen year of we work , but we have to make do , do not we ? kuryakin she 's a Nazi . solo 's buttock can prove it , and I hear she betray we . solo I be surprised you be surprised . you be so sure you be right . waverly we know that Alexander skorpios already have he doubt about you , Mr. kuryakin , and you botch break - in to he headquarters only fuelle he suspicion . he look at solo . waverly ( cont ’d ) honestly , kick in a door ? where do you learn you skill ? solo do not bother to protest . waverly ( cont ’d ) my agent be force to denounce you , in order to maintain she own credibility and stay in the game . she know that you have plant a bug on she and would be listen to every word she say . kuryakin except that she do not know about the bug . only the transmitter , which she destroy . waverly where do they send you to school my dear boy ? 88 . solo go easy on he , he 's only just learn that the game he think he 's play , be not the game he 's really play . waverly do you honestly think you could plant a bug on a agent , who have be in the field for more than a week , without they know ? there 's a ding and the '' fasten seat belt '' light come on . waverly ( cont ’d ) now fasten up , we be go in . solo and kuryakin look out of the window . nothing but ocean below they , until the plane bank and a british aircraft carrier come into view . int . skorpios island - castle - day Alexander stand at a window , look down at gaby and she father on the terrace below . Elena enter . alexander sister . they hug . elena we be almost there . alexander we father would be proud . elena they 's 11 send a army to stop we . alexander we will give they a spartan welcome . ext . skorpios island - terrace - day gaby and she father walk along the terrace . from he expression , it 's clear that she 's tell he why she 's really there . 89 . udo how do I know that this be not some kind of trick ? gaby we will have to trust one another will not we . Father ... you must agree to complete the bomb assembly . that 's the best opportunity we have to disable it once and for all . udo think . udo if I can substitute the neutron reflector lens ... but they 's 1ll be watch every step of the process . my assistant nikos , he 'il know . gaby leave he to I . Father and daughter stare at each other . udo thank you . I know you despise I but ... gaby hug I , Father . he look surprised , until she eye flick towards Alexander and Elena , who be walk out to greet they . Father and daughter hug awkwardly . gaby ( cont 'd ) my father have not be feel well . that , and the stress of the work lead to a certain amount of self - doubt . however , he be now ready to resume he work . alexander udo ? the Professor nod . udo I be ready . alexander ( to gaby ) I be impressed . 90 . udo I want my daughter with I . Alexander glance at Elena , who nod . alexander good . I need you to finish tonight . udo ( to gaby ) come , I 'il show you my laboratory . Alexander and Elena watch they walk away . ext . aircraft carrier - deck - day the plane land . waverly exit , follow by solo and kuryakin . they be greet by the captain , who be surprisingly short in stature . captain good day gentleman . I hope you understand that this be my vessel and we will not have any issue over who be in command ? waverly not at all Captain , understand . now , I need to get this man to a radio . captain very well , follow I . waverly turn to the two agent and say under he breath . waverly the Captain have a bit of a power issue , I be sure you can understand why . it 's best you leave he to I . they be escort inside . int . aircraft carrier - radio room - day intercut between : solo and kuryakin be pace as they listen to they boss on separate telephone at opposite side of the room . sander ( v.o. ) the brit have the biggest naval presence in the area . gl . oleg ( v.o. ) you will need they firepower . sander ( v.o . ) but you will be lead the assault . oleg ( v.o. ) once you have stop the bomb . sander ( v.o. ) you must retrieve the disk ... oleg ( v.o. ) whatever it take , the disk be fundamental . sander ( v.o. ) get rid of the Russian if necessary . oleg ( v.o. ) the american will be look for it , if he get in you way , do what you must . solo and kuryakin stare at each other across the room . int . aircraft carrier - briefing room - day the Captain lead waverly , solo , and kuryakin inside . there 's a big map on the wall of skorpios Island and the surround coastline . seat , face it , be a dozen special Boat service ( sbs ) troops . this be the british equivalent of navy seal . they all stand to attention . captain this be Major jockelson and he team . they be my finest man . they will be support you effort . a tough look young man , major jockelson , with a scar down he leave cheek , step forward to shake they hand . waverly move in front of the map . 92 . waverly please sit down .... skorpios Island have be a fortress of some kind since the time of the ancient Greeks . the Knights templar build a castle there in the Middle Ages , and the Germans build a massive fortify gun emplacement there during the war . several attempt to capture it be unsuccessful . later , Alexander 's father purchase it and it have be refurbish extensively since then . we have manage to '' borrow '' the plan from the architect in athen ... after careful study , we conclusion be that we best approach be a stealth operation . a surprise attack by a small team of we best man . that be you gentleman . int . skorpios island - castle command CENTER - night Alexander stand with he head of security . they be watch a bank of primitive cctv , which show different section of the island : the harbor , the road up to the castle , the gate . alexander I be expect trouble tonight . prepare you man . int . skorpios island - underground laboratory - night a glass fronted room , full of scientific equipment and machinery , include three or four warhead on a rack , which be off to one side . in the center , rest on a metal trolley , be the nuclear bomb case . udo stand over it , wear a white lab coat . he be assemble the internal component . it 's a delicate process involve patience and precision . there be several white - coat technician service he . udo nikos ? micro-wrench . his chief assistant , nikos , be a slimy young man with a ferret - like appearance . he hand udo a precision tool , which udo use to secure a connection inside the bomb . 93 . gaby stand just a little too close to nikos , watch she father work . gaby ( to nikos ) which part do you work on ? nikos be flustered . he 's not use to beautiful woman pay attention to he . nikos uh...well ...uh. udo nikos have be part of the whole process . he 's quite brilliant . ext . skorpios island - harbor - night two guard patrol the dock . they reach the end , and look out at the dark water . suddenly , a hole appear in each of they forehead . one tumble off the dock , where he be catch by two sbs frogmen wait below . the other crumple onto the dock . more frogmen emerge from the dark water and secure the dock . then a pair of low profile raft be float in , carry man and weapon . among they be solo and kuryakin . the sbs team be crack troops , and they move with well - oile precision . sniper , a radio-man , and a rpg team . int . skorpios island - castle command CENTER - night Alexander watch all this activity on the cctv . he nod gravely to he chief of security . alexander you know what to do . Alexander get up and leave the room . int . skorpios island - underground laboratory - night udo be still work on the bomb . gaby point to a metal box , attach to the side of the bomb with a red light and green light on it . 94 . gaby what do that do ? nikos that be know as the coupler . it send a signal which enable a second missile to lock onto this one for double the impact . you father invent it . udo nikos ? neutron focus lens . nikos take the lens out of a wooden box and hand it to the Professor . this be gaby 's cue . she '' accidently '' brushes against a glass beaker full of a dark brown liquid , which smashes on the floor . everyone turn to look at she , at which point the Professor slip the lens into one pocket and pull a substitute lens out of another . gaby I be sorry ! I be so clumsy . I hope that be not important . nikos very important ... he hold up a glass contain more of the brown liquid . nikos ( cont 'd ) coca-cola . he take a swig . everyone laugh . Father and daughter glance at each other as udo install the substitute lens . udo nikos , pay attention ! reflector wrap . nikos yes boss . in walk Alexander . he walk up next to gaby . alexander how much longer udo ? udo almost do . 95 . alexander excellent . he slap gaby across the face , knock she to the ground . alexander ( cont 'd ) ( to guard ) take she to one of the cell . if you do not hear from I in ten minute , shoot she . ( to udo ) now , you have nine minute to install the correct lens and finish the assembly . ext . skorpios island - castle - night the assault team progress up the hill , silently take out any sentries with deadly precision . they be outside the main gate , where two sentries stand , smoking and chat . jockelson signal for he man . two silence shot , and they be down . the team be through the gate . ext . skorpios island - castle courtyard - night and that be when all hell break lose . they have walk straight into a ambush . Shots rain down on they from all side . there be no cover . they be sit duck . jockelson signal a retreat , but there be sniper outside the gate as well . there be one open doorway across the courtyard . they have no choice but to make a run for it . the team zig -zig across the open space , use park vehicle and the central well as partial cover . int . skorpios island - castle - great hall - night only half the team make it inside , the other be wounded . they manage to bar the door and also the interior door , before more of the spartan guard arrive . the man hunker down , out of sight of the window . there 's no way out . 96 . a thumping be hear as the spartan Guards start to pound the door . it will not be long before they break through . solo ( to jockelson ) you would better radio for support . jockelson we lose the radio ... a pause while the gravity of the situation sink in . jockelson ( cont ’d ) ( to he man ) listen up . we be go to form a defensive position . he direct he man to turn the banquet table on they side , each face one of the door . solo and kuryakin look at each other . kuryakin cowboy ? solo yes , kalinka . kuryakin Alexander 's mine . solo Fine . I want the sister . but first ... he look around . solo ( cont ’d ) we need to figure out a way out of here . any hall of this period should have a stone floor , but this one be wood . kuryakin and ? solo it do not make sense , unless there 's something underneath , in which case a stone floor would be too heavy . the door be crack . 97 . solo ( cont ’d ) we just need to get through it rather quickly .... he look around , but kuryakin be already stride across the room , towards the soldier carry the rpg . int . skorpios island - laboratory - night as gunfire sound above , udo quickly close the bomb case . Alexander look at he watch . alexander only seven minute . very good . Alexander gesture to he guard . they wheel the bomb trolley out of the lab . udo what about gaby ? alexander you do not need to worry about she , she will be join you shortly . he shoot the Professor between the eye . alexander ( cont 'd ) ( to nikos ) the disk with the Professor 's research , where be it ? nikos open a small safe and take out the disk . Alexander grab it and tuck it in he jacket . int . skorpios island - great hall - night the spartan Guards be almost through the inner door . kuryakin have the rpg , and be aim at the floorboard across the room . kuryakin pull the trigger , and the rocket plough into the floor explode on impact . kuryakin be knock off he foot and the room be fill with smoke , but as it clear , we see that a large section of the floor have be blow away , revealing a room below . solo pick kuryakin up , and they start down the hole , follow by jockelson and he team . 98 . int . skorpios island - cell - night gaby be seat on a stone bench . outside the cell , one of the Guards look at he watch . nod to the other , who start to unlock the door . int . skorpios island - cell - night one of the man raise he gun to shoot she . gaby close she eye . ready to die . two shot . gaby open she eye to find solo stand over she . the two Guards lie at he foot . kuryakin and the other be behind in a fire - fight with other Guards . solo help she up . she 's shaking . gaby I ... she throw she arm around he and hold on for dear life . solo be awkward , do not know what to do , but gradually he arm close around she . kuryakin interrupt the moment . kuryakin the warhead . gaby pull herself together . kuryakin continue down the corridor . gaby follow . solo ( to jockelson ) find a radio and get we some help . he 's about to follow the other , when he spot something familiar about the Guard he just shot . he bend over he and take something off he leave wrist . int . skorpios island - control room - night empty . the bank of monitor flicker . kuryakin enter , scan they , spot Alexander and nikos pass various car in a garage . 99 . int . skorpios island - underground garage - night gaby , solo , and kuryakin enter . there 's a tunnel entrance at one end . Alexander 's car engine can be hear echoing back down the tunnel . there be several atvs ( lightweight suv 's on steroid with huge tire ) park in a row , and a line of dirt bike as well . kuryakin sling he rifle over he shoulder and jump on a bike . solo head for a atv . solo ( to gaby ) you drive . the atv and the bike hurtle down the tunnel . ext . skorpios island - road - early morning it 's just start to get light out as the atv and the bike fly out of what appear to be a cave in side of the rock . they splash through a foot of ocean water , and careen up onto the causeway , which connect the island to the mainland . Alexander 's car be ahead in the distance . he 's in a soupe - up land Rover . int . atv - early morning solo and gaby be travel at tremendous speed , but Alexander be quite far ahead . gaby do you hate I ? solo do it matter ? gaby what do you think ? solo smile . solo I think you can drive better than this . the road wind as it travel uphill . 100 . gaby accelerate , take the turn at alarming speed , but she 's not get any closer . suddenly , she jam on the brake . reverse . there 's a dirt track head up a steep slope . gaby hold on tight . they bounce up the hill at tremendous speed , fly through the air as they hit bump . but once they crest the hill the track join the road again , and now they be just behind Alexander . kuryakin have follow behind on he bike . now , instead of take the road , he continue across country , head uphill to a vantage point where he can see the road below . in the meantime , the road be head into woodland as gaby and solo close in on Alexander . gaby bump the back of the land Rover . Alexander jam on he brake , try to shake she off . it 's bumper car until gaby see a open . she accelerate up the bank and pass Alexander . she then swerve the atv down in front of the land Rover , force it off the road and into a ditch . the atv flip and land upside down next to the land Rover . CUT to : ext . hilltop - early morning kuryakin can barely see the car through the tree . he raise the rifle and look through the sight . relief as he see solo crawl out of the atv and pull gaby out . CUT to : ext . woodland - early morning nikos lie nearby , also unconscious . solo try to help gaby to she foot , but she yelp in pain . gaby I think my leg be break . solo I be never get in a car with you again . 101 . whack ! Alexander come out of nowhere , knock solo off he foot . solo fight Alexander , but the spartan be bigger and better . CUT to : ext . hilltop - early morning kuryakin try to take a shot , but between the tree and the move body , he 's just as likely to hit the wrong person . CUT to : ext . woodland - early morning solo be be pummele . Alexander punch he so hard that he 's pretty much knock senseless . finally , he get behind solo and lift he by the neck . CUT to : ext . hilltop - early morning kuryakin track the action through he sight . finger on the trigger . he get glimpsis of Alexander , but he 's block by solo 's body . Alexander grip solo 's head to twist it and break he neck . kuryakin sorry , cowboy . he pull the trigger . we travel with the bullet as it fly through the air , whistling past tree branch , penetrate solo 's shoulder , travel through he body , and out the other side into Alexander 's heart . he drop . solo collapse beside he . CUT to : ext . hilltop - early morning kuryakin jump on the bike and ride down through the tree . 102 . ext . woodland - morning clutch he shoulder , solo reach inside Alexander 's jacket and snag the disk , which he pocket . he then lean back against a tree . kuryakin arrive he bike . hurries over to solo . kuryakin grin , see that solo be okay . kuryakin sorry I have to shoot you , cowboy . solo something you have be want to do since we meet . kuryakin be he dead ? kuryakin go over to Alexander 's body ostensibly to check and surreptitiously rummages through he pocket . solo I have get something for you . he produce kuryakin 's father 's watch . solo ( cont ’d ) after all that , you shot the guy who take it and do not even recognize he . kuryakin 's eye light up . kuryakin I love you , cowboy ! he kiss solo on both cheek . solo ouch . be gentle with I ! the sound of a helicopter approach rapidly . a british naval helicopter land in a field just beyond the tree , and waverly step out . int . helicopter - day a batter solo , kuryakin , and gaby , whose leg in a splint , watch as four men carefully carry the warhead over to the helicopter , and place it in the hold . 103 . one of the man come over and say something to waverly . he then walk over to the warhead , where they talk some more . the sound of the helicopter drown out what they be say . waverly come over to we trio . waverly well , it appear we have the wrong warhead . gaby but it 's identical to the one ... waverly it be , only there 's no plutonium . it 's a decoy . we have be have . ( to pilot ) let 's go . waverly get into the front of the helicopter and start bark order into the radio . int . helicopter - day waverly finish on the radio . waverly they have searched the castle from top to bottom . nothing . no sign of the warhead or Elena skorpios . we have have the place lock up all night . radar , sonar , aerial patrol , no ship have be in or out of the harbor , include submarine . but ... some fishing boat leave the village this morning just before dawn . the Harbor master be be bring to the carrier to help we . solo stare at the decoy . CUT to : int . aircraft carrier - bridge - day the harbor master be stand in front of the group . harbor master one hundred and twenty seven fishing boat leave the village before dawn as they do every day . ( more ) 104 . harbor master ( cont 'd ) they be now spread over a two hundred mile radius . captain we do not know the name , let alone the location of the boat that we be look for . it will be impossible for we to find and search more than twenty boat in the next few hour . I simply do not have the manpower . solo look up , he shut he eye in think . flashback to : the photograph he see in Alexander 's office . Achilles skorpios with he kid stand in front he fishing boat . but the name be obscure . only the middle two letter '' on '' be visible . solo think harder . flashback to : a second , older picture ( in gym ) of Achilles skorpios as a young man stand in front of the boat . this time only the last two letter '' as '' be visible . flashback to : Elena 's face as she say : elena my father be obsessed with the '' spartan way . '' flashback to : the Secretary give solo the guide tour as she say : secretary legend have it that the 300 spartan use this fight technique to defeat two thousand Persians at the battle of thermopylae . CUT to : int . aircraft carrier - bridge - day solo turn to the group . solo what be the name of the leader of the 300 hundred spartan ? captain what have that get to do with anything ? 105 . solo please answer the question . waverly leonidas . flash to : the picture of the boat . solo fill in the miss letter , they fit perfectly . solo leonidas be the name of the boat we be look for . the Captain look skeptical . captain I be afraid that 's not enough agent solo . waverly , I need the radio , every minute my man spend on this theory be a minute waste in co - ordinate the broad search . waverly give my man a minute , Captain . the Captain huff and puff , and stand on he tip toe . captain one minute . CUT to : the Harbor master be on the radio . harbor master ( subtitle ) ( in Greek ) leonidas , come in leonidas . this be the Harbor master . no response , everybody exchange look of doubt , why do solo think that this be the boat they have be look for ? solo hold fast and look at a radio tracking man who sit near by . harbor master ( subtitle ) ( cont ’d ) leonidas , come in leonidas . this be the Harbor master . over radio ( subtitle ) Harbor master . this be leonidas . solo take the radio . 106 . solo ( subtitle ) this be napoleon solo . I have a message for the owner of you boat , Elena skorpios . CUT to : ext . leonidas - day we see a Greek fishing captain look surprised . fishing captain ( subtitle ) sorry , do not understand message . CUT to : int . aircraft carrier - bridge - day silence , more doubt in the room . the Radio track man roll he finger , he need more time to find a position . solo continue . solo ( subtitle ) the message be : earlier today I kill you brother . silence from the radio . the Captain look at he watch . captain you minute be up agent . I be take control of my radio . the Russian be stand behind the diminutive captain . kuryakin be you sure , cowboy ? solo sure enough . we see the Russian put he hand behind he back in preparation for the '' kgb kiss . '' off screen we hear it 's delivery . solo on the radio . solo ( cont ’d ) I would like to report that he die accord to the spartan tradition , with honor and courage . but ala , this be not the case . ( more ) 107 . solo ( cont 'd ) it be sadly really rather pitiful . so , I would just like to send you my condolence . Long silence . it look like nothing be go to happen . then the radio crackle to life . elena ( subtitle ) ( over radio ) hello napoleon . CUT to : int . leonidas - bridge - day Elena speak into the radio . elena I appreciate the sentiment of you message , and now I hope you will appreciate the significance of mine . I want you to listen carefully , any blood relation that you still have live will be dead within the year , they will die as slowly and as painfully as possible . you already know from personal experience this be we area of expertise . you have no idea of the size and sophistication of we organization . there be nothing you can do to protect or hide they . you will be helpless to do anything but witness they suffer as you await you own death which we will save for last . this I vow on the death of my brother . she look out the window and we see a submarine in the distance . the warhead be be lower into a zodiac . int . aircraft carrier - bridge and int . leonidas - bridge - day intercut between solo and elena . the Radio track man give solo the thumb up . waverly nod to a technician , who tap the coordinate into a computer . 108 . solo I be most flatter you feel so strongly about I , however , in order for that to happen do not you first need to be able to inform you organization ? CUT to : elena that will take a matter of minute , as will the delivery of the warhead that you so desperately seek . CUT to : solo I see one flaw in you logic . CUT to : elena entertain I . CUT to : solo watch through the window as the decoy warhead be launch . solo while you have be busy tell I how dangerous you be , we have be busy lock onto you location , via you radio signal . this give we you general location . CUT to : elena be not you clever ? but that 's not go to help you much . i’1l be go in five minute . CUT to : solo I have not finish , the coupling device , that you so considerately leave we on you decoy warhead , be accurate to ten foot . ( more ) 109 . solo ( cont 'd ) that warhead , although not nuclear , should not have too much trouble obliterate a medium size Greek fishing boat . CUT to : Elena , as doubt start to creep across face . CUT to : solo ( cont ’d ) now , just in case you still have not work out exactly what 's go on , the aforementioned missile be launch forty - five second ago , which give you about thirty second to impact . do not worry , it will not trigger the nuclear warhead , as that require fission . CUT to : at which point , Elena can see panicked member of she crew point up in the air and jump overboard . solo ( cont ’d ) but I suggest you abandon ship immediately if you want to make good on you vow . ( pause ) how 's that for entertainment . CUT to : Elena turn white ... kaboom ! int . athens HOTEL room - day solo be pack he gear into a suit case , on the bed we can see the disk , on a dress table be he gun . there be a knock at the door . solo cover the gun with a towel and open the door . kuryakin be stand there hold a bottle . kuryakin I buy you the best vodka I could find . can not get my head round it while there be still whiskey in the world . can I come in ? 110 . solo you might as well , cause I get something for you too . he gesture to a bottle of whiskey . solo clock that kuryakin have see the disk on the bed . kuryakin you have a couple of glass ? I could use a drink about now . solo , go to the dress table where there be glass . in the mirror he can see kuryakin look longingly at the disk . kuryakin undoe a button on he jacket . solo why do not you sit down ? kuryakin do so , but he hand look like it could reach for he gun . solo give kuryakin he glass and smile , he return to he seat at the dress table and put he glass down by the towel with the gun underneath it , he use the drink as a cover . solo ( cont ’d ) all in all , I think we make a pretty good team . kuryakin it seem so , I have to admit , I do not have a great deal of confidence in you at the beginning . solo so what now ? you go back to Russia ? Mission accomplish ? the Russian 's eye again flick toward the disk , and he hand seem to creep inside he jacket look for a gun . in response , solo 's hand be creep under the towel . the tension mount . suddenly , there be a knock at the door . the tension be shattered . solo ( cont ’d ) could you get that for I ? the Russian open the door . there stand gaby . gaby think you have like to know , the salvage team manage to retrieve the missile 's plutonium core from the sea bed , it 's intact . 111 . she notice the tension in the room . gaby ( cont 'd ) I hope I be not interrupt anything . solo just a drink , and we can continue that downstairs . I have to catch a plane in a hour . there 's a release of tension . int . airplane - day solo put he bag on he chair , and check he inside pocket , it contain the disk , he 's happy . he then attempt to put he bag up into the space above he seat . he 's have some trouble due to he injure shoulder . a hot stewardess help he while people push behind . solo thank you , young lady . he sit , sigh with relief , close he eye and fall asleep . he wake at 30,000 foot , look out of the window , and tap he breast pocket , a look of shock come over he , there 's nothing there . he 's be pick -pockete . he start frantically search he clothes . we hear a voice off screen , it 's the Russian . kuryakin look for this ? he 's hold the disk . kuryakin ( cont ’d ) I think you know what my order be , but you know what , cowboy ? I do not like debt . so this be for you save my life when I be drown . and for my father 's watch . now we be even . he drop it on solo 's lap , and march off . moment later , the Russian be have a drink , when all of a sudden , solo drop the disk on he lap . 112 . solo that 's for take out the electrode from my behind and shoot I through the shoulder , and both time somehow save my life . now we be even . he walk off . he go to the bar . the Russian approach and throw the disk on to the bar . solo ( cont ’d ) this be not go to work be it ? kuryakin so you be really retire , cowboy ? ( beat ) what will you do ? solo shrug . solo go fishing . kuryakin so what we just do do not change anything ? you do not think we do any good at all ? solo oh , you be sweet , kalinka . tell you what , the day there 's a organization that only deal with real threat , and bypass national oneupmanship , I will be interested . kuryakin so , what be we go to do with this ? they look at the disk . solo well I do not see how it can do anyone any good do you ? it 's a pity that neither of we find it . int . airplane toilet - day we see they snap the disk in half and drop it into the toilet . they hit the flusher . 113. solo well that 's the end of that . CUT to : insert : three month later . ext . new york STREET —- day solo be walk down a street in the East Forties . he see Del florio 's tailor . int . del florio 's tailor - day the bell ding as solo enter and produce a ticket . he hand it over , the man behind the counter look up at solo . man just wait here a minute please , sir . the man disappear . a beat or two later , the curtain of the change room part and there stand Sanders . sander good to see you solo , so glad you could make it . you have come about thawing account number 583937994 ? solo that be we deal . sander nothing to worry about , it can thaw . you just have to sign a few receipt first , you understand the bureaucracy . could you follow I ? Sanders turn and walk away down a corridor , solo follow . int . del florio 's tailor - office - day Sanders push various form in front of solo . sander that 's a good man . just sign here , and here . solo can not be bother to read the form and just sign away . 114 . sander ( cont 'd ) you and the Russian do a good job back there solo , a proper team , even we government think so . would not it be good if all the job you have to do be for such a good cause ? a organization consist of agent of all nationality . Sanders put more form in front of solo . sander ( cont 'd ) just a few more . solo great idea sir , but it would never happen . anyway what would you call it ? sander u.n.c.l.e. solo as in my father 's brother ? what do that mean ? sander the United Network Command for Law and enforcement . solo sound like you have be think about it sir . of course , you have need the Russian , and the girl be pretty useful as well . sander I be sure that could be arrange . solo I will believe it when I see it . he continue signing . sander would you ? what if I have tell you , you would be the head agent , and you have only commit to mission that be a global threat ? no paperwork , and no politics . 115 . solo very entertaining sir . in that case , you would have my attention . I would be you man . Sanders look relieved and take away the last paper that solo be signing . he check the signature and blow it dry . sander I be hope you have say that , because the Russian put some money on you say '' yes . '' I , as you know , be a bit more cynical . I say I would need to see you signature first , but it seem we be both right . he press a button , and the wall of clothes behind Sanders disappear . we reveal - int . u.n.c.l.e. headquarters - mission control - day kuryakin and gaby be sit with waverly and oleg , in front of a bank of computer and monitor , all stare at where solo be sit . solo 's eye be wide in shock . kuryakin and they even say you can fly first class . good to see you , cowboy .