the Front runner written by Matt bai & jay carson & Jason reitman July 27th , 2017 Blue revision 8/28/17 pink revision 9/10/17 yellow revision 9/15/17 ii . note : the follow screenplay feature overlap dialogue in the style of film like the candidate . the idea be to create a true - to-life experience of the hart campaign of 1987 . cast of character the hart gary hart , senator lee hart , he wife the campaign team bill dixon , campaign manager billy shore , aide -de-camp kevin sweeney , PRESS secretary JOHN emerson , deputy campaign manager doug wilson , policy aide mike stratton , lead advance man irene kelly , scheduler at the WASHINGTON post BEN bradlee , executive editor ann devroy , political editor aj parker , political reporter david broder , chief political correspondent bob kaiser , managing editor at the miami herald keith martindale , executive editor jim savage , editor tom fiedler , political reporter joe murphy , investigative reporter roy valentine , photographer the traveling PRESS jack germond , baltimore SUN columnist ira wyman , ap photographer alan weinberg , philadelhia enquirer ann mcdaniel , newsweek mike shanahan , ap miami donna rice , model and actress billy broadhurst , hart 's personal friend lynn armandt , rice 's friend '' 1984 " ext . saint francis HOTEL , san francisco . night . we open inside a news van . four monitor show different compete feed . a wait reporter . Color bar . a political commercial . one monitor be cue up a debate clip . a light pop on the reporter and he spring to life . tv reporter yes , we learn just a few minute ago that Senator hart will soon be leave this hotel back to the convention hall , where he will concede -- yes , he will concede -- to former vice president walter mondale . hart win every state -- we pull out to reveal a producer hover over a engineer . producer his hair look like shit . when 's he get it cut ? engineer that be the new cut . ( shake he head ) we can not get a clear line . producer be we at full stick ? the producer pop she head out to check the dish . we tilt up to see people watch from above as the dish slowly rise . we pan to find the blow - dry reporter . Beyond he be another newsman , delegate , protestor , cop , etc ... tv reporter -- West of the Mississippi River in this fight for the Democratic nomination . but in the end , it be mondale 's taunting question , take from a Wendy 's advertisement , that dogge he insurgent campaign . producer hart ( 0.c. ) Roll tape . go ! I think the dedication of we party to minority people in the South ... yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 2 . we push back into the van to see actual footage - walter mondale at a debate with hart . mondale I hear you new idea , I be remind of that ad - where 's the beef ? a roar of laughter and applause as hart try to be hear . hart ( 0.c . ) if you have listen just a minute -- '' we be pull away from the monitor . producer ok , go Steve . reporter ( 0.c. ) Senator hart will take the stage tonight to -- engineer hold it Steve , hold it ! we lose the signal . reporter producer ( continue unbeknownst ) share he thought with the many thousand of voter and activist who fight hard this last month . the fuck be go on up there ? talk to I . be we face south ? ( peer up at the roof ) Steve , would you shut up ? we lose the signal again . engineer ( cont 'd ) I think we be face South . suppose to be south , yes ? producer well , maybe you should invest ina god damn compass . reporter ( continue unbeknownst ) producer ( cont 'd ) would someone tell he to Senator hart break from relative obscurity when he take the New Hampshire primary ... we pop back outside the news shut the fuck up . no one 's listen . ah , what 's the point ? van to find a couple guy we ’l1l come to know as stratton and wilson . smoke cigarettes . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 3 . stratton «+. guy just try to pin my lapel . do not even ask . wilson how far be we from the o'farrell theater ...? just curious . they cross the street through traffic . stratton tell a story about lose the tip of he finger while start a golf cart as a young staffer . we boom up and find a third floor window . a guy we ’1ll come to know as emerson be sit on the sill . he 's wear a white election hat . it read '' hart '' . he take it off , examine it one last time , then toss it down to the street below . int . VIP suite , ST . francis HOTEL . continuous . stratton and Wilson enter the room still jaw . the staffer be cute on the mcgovern campaign . we pan to find a guy we will come to know as broadhurst . he 's smoking in the bathroom with a attractive female staffer . broadhurst you can not even imagine ... there be not nothing like sleep on the open ocean , darling . we find emerson grab a drink at a small wet bar . it 's a mix crowd . staffer and donor . the mood be low key , but people still mingle . emerson what 's the plan for after ? stratton can we hold off the ' 88 talk for just a moment . emerson I mean drink . stratton oh , the Hawaiian place . wilson it 's polynesian . we move through body to find gary hart , sit on a aging sofa , phone and a vodka , finish up the worst phone call you can make in politics . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 4 . hart ( cradling a cord phone ) yeah , ok . I appreciate it , walter . his wife and college sweetheart lee , wipe a eye and hold he arm . he make meaningful eye contact with bill dixon . nearby be he son and daughter , JOHN and andrea . hart ( cont 'd ) ( to he wife Lee , quietly ) I ' 1l1 come with you back to Denver . lee you should stay . nearby , JOHN emerson chat up billy shore about the Russian Olympic boycott . stratton check he watch and show shore the time . he nod . Wilson pull out speech and check it one last time . stratton and shore approach the sofa where hart sit . stratton it 's time , Senator . wilson shore ( to hart ) ( to Wilson ) remember to hit homelessness . doug. come on . hart ( to Lee ) I do not want you to fly alone . lee I be fine . I will take the kid . you need to be in DC . hart I do not need to be anywhere . lee yeah , you do . stratton shore we need to roll . Gary ? billy shore , late 20 , help Gary with he suit jacket . stratton guide the hart toward the door . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 5 . int . HOTEL corridor - day the team move through heartbroken supporter offer ad lib , '' do not leave ... stay in it ... '' a couple secret service agent push through as photo flash pop . Wilson continue to remind about policy . shore we promise homeless to mondale . wilson people be homeless . the name of the issue be '' homelessness '' . stratton ( struggle ) come on , clear a path ... wilson ( to hart ) and perestroika . shore it 's a marker for ' 88 . hart ( to Wilson ) homeless and Russians , get it . suddenly , commotion . a woman scream . the secret service agent rush at hart , push he back towards the suite . stratton what the fuck be -- other agent converge on a man . for a moment , we see a arm with a gun be hold up in the air . agent active shooter ... active shooter ... lee oh God ! what ? the agent move like a scrum , push they back into ... int . VIP suite , ST . francis HOTEL . continuous . hart be pull into a corner . a agent hover over he . agent redwood be secure . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 6 . we hear report come in over the walkie talky as the team share look with each other . stun . lee Gary .... Gary ?! they all look over at hart . the secret service agent step away to reveal he double over , clutching he side . shore Senator ?! agent we need a paramedic in the suite . Lee get down on she knee to help , but hart rear up laughing hysterically , barely able to breathe . lee Gary !! but he can not stop laugh . after a long beat ... hart who shoot the loser ? int . trader vic , san francisco - middle of the night hart , tie loosen , still laugh . in a image unfamiliar for anyone today , hart be drink with he PRESS buddy . jack germond ( the Sun ) david broder ( the Post ) ira wyman . broder maybe he do not like you job plan , either . hart we have be through that . it 's a good plan ... it be a good plan . reveal we be watch from another table , over the shoulder of a young generation of reporter . hart ( cont 'd ) do anyone find out this guy 's reason ? wyman yeah , they find a photo of you in he wife 's purse . off laughter , we move to the kid table . alan weinberg , ann mcdaniel , david axelrod drink cheap beer . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 7. mcdaniel you really want to follow mondale around for another six month ? weinberg my apartment be grim . I will take the free meal . mcdaniel yeah , that 's how I feel about my boyfriend . bob woodward stop by the big boy table . axelrod Holy shit , look , it 's woodward . mcdaniel think he still come into the newsroom ? weinberg I hear he do not take a salary . mcdaniel do not need to . have you see he house ? weinberg have you ? we find hart and woodward now at the bar share whiskey . woodward ... she have have win you New Jersey if you have not make that dumbass crack about the water . hart no one 's get a sense of humor anymore . woodward fuck ‘em if they can not take a joke . ( beat while he drink ) how 's Lee do ? hart she need a rest . woodward mondale do you a favor . Reagan 's go to crush he . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) hart maybe . probably . woodward you will have a open road in ' 88 . hart ' 88 ... right . woodward next time , they be go to want the one thing you will not give . hart what 's that ? woodward everything else . hart right . open title and then black . we hear a woman cry . title slide : WASHINGTON . 1987 . int . bedroom , georgetown . early morning . tammy faye bakker cry through runny mascara on '' charge expect in bakker family scandal " the room be dark , but we find Gary 's leg on the bed . he 's pull on he trademark cowboy boot . tammy faye ... and so I always say , ' Lord , I trust you with I . ' Gary stand and leave . int . georgetown university auditorium , WASHINGTON a debate between gary hart and bob dole be in ful hart President Reagan have allow we city to decay while he busy enough warhead to destroy the planet 30 time over . ( more ) CNN - edge of he 1 swing . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 9. hart ( cont 'd ) imagine if every library could have a computer . every school . every home . dole why do not we just buy everyone a microwave ? and a television set while we be at it ? hart I be interested in educate the next generation ... not entertaining they . moderator this be beginning to sound like a campaign debate ... do either of you want to announce something ? Light laughter and clap from the audience . Young people be clearly charme by hart 's charisma . in the wing we find billy shore , four year older . he 's watch and nodd . alan weinberg approach with a smile . weinberg Mr. billy shore , what 's the story ? shore it 's not go to happen today , Alan ... but keep ask . weinberg you hear sonny bono announce . he 's run for mayor of Palm Springs . shore come on . I can guess he slogan . they both stumble some sort of '' he 's get you babe '' . int . conference room - '' hart for president '' hq , denver drop-tile ceiling , 35 - year old carpete with paint to match . a college age intern be set up three unmatch tvs . one feature hart at georgetown . staffer from ' 84 reuinite with hug . some hold suitcase . a phone tech be try to open the phone jack box with a screwdriver , but the screw be stripped . he grab a small crowbar from he bag , and pries the door off with a loud pop . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 10 . phone tech ( cough , sputtering ) ai not gonna hold twenty - five line . mid-way through the room , 50 or so volunteer and staffer be gather in a circle , rapt , with dixon , campaign manager . dixon this other candidate , they be all decent guy . they all want the best for this country . but they be not go to win . you know it , they know it , most importantly , George Bush know it . that 's why they be all gun for we . we do not win this primary , kiss the White House good bye . and kiss you future goodbye . because , and I do not know how the hell this happen , but damn near all of you in here be young than I . so it be truly you future that be at stake here . the phone tech continue to pry ceiling tile loose , use a staple gun to drop phone cord from the ceiling . moderator ( on tv ) they call you and some of you young colleague the atari Democrats . hart ( on tv ) I have hear . I do not coin that . moderator ( on tv ) have you play atari ? hart ( on tv ) I try asteroid with my son a few time . I mostly drift around get pelt with rock . felt like my first term in the senate . we find kevin sweeney ( press secretary ) along with Wilson and irene kelly ( campaign scheduler ) around a phone tree . Wilson be distract by hart on television . kelly if line three ring , do not pick up . that 's the fax . sweeney what if line one and two be busy ? yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 11 . kelly wilson use line four . ( watch the tv ) how do he look that good ? sweeney ( cont 'd ) genetics . swing back to dixon building with steam withe volunteer . dixon so , when you be tired and you foot hurt and you hand be freezing because you have be knock on door in Nashua for twelve straight hour . when you miss you boyfriend and girlfriend , you kid . when you be tired of eat leftover because we do not pay you jack shit , you think about the opportunity we have right now , and the cost to this great country if we squander it . the future of this country be in you hand . that 's no exaggeration . it 's in you hand . hold it carefully . int . the WASHINGTON post newsroom . continuous . the newsroom 's hum as hart 's debate continue on tv . BEN bradlee 's office , where the legendary editor , seat behind he desk with watergate - era photo behind he , be meeting with about 7 editor and reporter . in the room be : ann devroy ( 30 , the political editor ) , david broder ( 5as , the chief political correspondent ) , bob woodward ( 40s , reporter of watergate fame ) , bob kaiser ( 40s , national editor ) , and aj parker from earlier . bradlee let 's assume Cranston 's out . who be we miss ? broder if Cranston do not know he 's out , someone better tell he . devroy look at the tv , part distract , part annoyed . devroy Gore 's look at it . Al Gore ? yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 12 . kaiser bradlee be he old enough ? devroy ( cont 'd ) he 's 38 , I think ? broder his daddy could win he the South . kaiser have you see the wife ? tipper ? broder and dukakis , maybe . bradlee who ? broder Governor of Massachusetts . bradlee du-ka-kis . that 's not go to look good on a campaign poster . kaiser add a '' k " . he could win the South . bradlee watch hart on tv for a moment . parker notice . parker Gallop 's get hart beat Bush by twelve . bradlee twelve ? Jesus . woodward , you know the guy . what do you think ? woodward Gary hart ? he could win it . I mean , he 's get the hair . devroy how many point you think the hair be worth ? bradlee six point . four if it 's windy . laughter , as we hear from the tv ... applause . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 13. dole I think it 's a little lofty for Senator hart to be discuss we grand future without credit President Reagan with the reform we be see in the Soviet Union . hart we do not bankrupt the Soviets . communism bankrupt itself , morally and economically . you do not get credit for kick down a door that 's already open . hart smile at dole , who kind of smile back . there 's genuine camaraderie amongst this man . int . hart campaign office , denver . continuous . the campaign team sit in fold chair . kelly ribbon-cutting at the end of the week , and then a run-through of the grand announcement , six thousand foot above sea level , at Red rock . sweeney have anyone be able to move he off this weird mountain man thing ? emerson he 's entrench . wilson technically , he can not be entrench if he 's on top of a mountain . dixon there 's a long storey history of announce one 's candidacy in a drab shit color ballroom with electricity ... and light ... sweeney and elevator . kelly have anyone tell he we can not drop balloon from a mountain ? stratton maybe we can rent a plane . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 14 . Wilson continue to watch hart on tv , enamor . wilson we do not prep any of this . he 's just shoot from the hip . dixon get the attention of a young female staffer , ginny terzano . he motion for a coffee . she nod and walk off . kelly she 's not the one who get the coffee . sweeney we will need water for the press . maybe oxygen . emerson and beer . stratton good luck . I move two week ago and still can not find a decent package store . dixon okay , come on , let 's focus . please . kelly we have get a down weekend in Miami . a exchange glance over this . wilson ( turn to stratton ) you have not find the one on wynkoop ? right around the corner . stratton emerson ( to emerson ) I nil put together some local do not it close at like 5 ? party leader out of Fort lauderdale . dixon we be not do that . emerson we be not get endorsement ? dixon we be not fill up photo album with people who will think we owe they something . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 15 . emerson anything else we should know ? dixon no barbecue . sweeney emerson dix ... the road to the yeah , what about the steak presidency go through the fry ?! Iowa State Fair . dixon ( cont 'd ) not this year . sweeney Jesus . who 's staffing Miami ? kelly billy 's there all weekend . sweeney ( to dixon , surprised ) you be go to Miami ? kelly billy B , broadhurst , not shore . sweeney damn , there 's a lot of billy 's around here . dixon I be Bill . only a 8 - year - old should be call billy . stratton what be billy B 's exact position on this campaign ? dixon he 's a Louisiana lobbyist . his chief contribution to the political process seem to be gumbo and bourbon . emerson and dirty joke . he make the senator laugh . kelly last week in April we kick off and hit the road , start with a grip and greet in Kansas . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 16 . sweeney Kansas be a go ? dixon we think Kansas be a go . sweeney he will actually talk about he parent ? dixon he find the subject irrelevant . wilson how ...? everyone 's get parent . it 's relatable . dixon that he be bear ? sweeney this be not four year ago . he 's up by twelve point ... people be go to want to know he . kelly be the senator comfortable ... '' share '' ? dixon I have never meet a man more talented at untangle the bullshit of politics into something anyone can understand . it 's a gift - that he want to share . and all people want be he to pose for a stupid photo . he will never understand that . everyone digest this . terzanno return with coffee . kelly after Miami , it 's up to New York for the newspaper publisher . sweeney speak of ... what be I tell people ? dixon people be not a newspaper . sweeney it 's circulation be thirty million . I think it count . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 17 . dixon if you run cover about the sexiest man alive , you be not a newspaper . int . BEN bradlee 's office , WASHINGTON post . continuous . on the tv -- cheer for hart . kaiser he ever find the beef ? woodward uh yeah , he write a pamphlet on it - Reform , hope , and the human factor . ( add ) it 's 94 page . kaiser devroy some pamphlet . ( look over at the tv ) what about he marriage ? more cheer from the tv as devroy , annoyed now , reach over and turn the volume off . we still see , but can not hear hart . kaiser I hear she look the other way . broder sound pretty ideal to I . bradlee sound like a zipper story . devroy what be the candidate 's position on zipper ? woodward he prefer they open . bradlee Bob , be not you two roommate at one point ? woodward when Lee kick he out a few year back , he crash on my couch . devroy and ? yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 18 . woodward and anything that happen on my sectional sofa be irrelevant . devroy aj say the trail reporter be obsessed with it . bradlee Mr. parker . be that right ? parker ( step forward now ) just a lot of storey circulate . bradlee such as ? parker I hear one when I be in Dallas . someone see hart go up to he hotel room with this blonde heiress after a fund-raiser . bradlee hm . when I be on trail , we be fuck each other , not write about it . parker I be marry . bradlee good luck with that . devroy should we follow up ? bradlee it 's gossip . do you know how many member of congress ... I mean , we have have to expel half the senate . broder and you would not be thrilled with who be leave . devroy I be not thrilled now . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 19 . int . hart campaign office , denver . continuous . where hart be still give he speech on the tv , Wilson mostly pay attention and the rest of they mostly not . dixon why do they need three hour to take a picture ? sweeney that 's just what they do . it 's the cover of people . emerson and they want Gary and Lee . sweeney they call I every day , and they be not the only one . I need to know what the plan be here . dixon as in ? sweeney there 's a ton of interest in the separation , the get back together . would not hurt we to put they both out there . together . dixon what be you talk about ? sweeney the state of thing ... I mean ... be we talk about , I do not know , whatever they arrangement ...? dixon arrangement - do you really just say that out loud ? sweeney people want to know the hart . they want to see they walk they dog , pump gas , be regular people . dixon he 's not a regular person . he 's the next fuck president of the united fuck state . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 20 . kelly emerson ( aside to emerson ) ( whisper back ) I guess we be really not we be not . talk about it ? int . first CLASS cabin , UNITED 767 - morning as passenger board , we linger on a row where a man and a woman be read magazine . we see the cover : the bakker and Jimmy swaggart on time ( " row in the pulpit '' ) , Charlie sheen and '' platoon '' on people . hart no , it 's not up for discussion . shore million of people read people . hart ( smile ) oh , it have word ? shore people want to feel like they know you . it 's a good forum for that . hart billy . if I do a photoshoot , what 's tomorrow ? talent show ? swimsuit competition ? ( to himself ) a good forum . shore there will be photographer in Kansas . hart and I will be smile ... like some sort of game show host . plane woman Excuse I . Mr. hart ? would you mind signing my diary ? he reflexively take the daybook and sign it , then hand it back to the woman with a smile . she actually squeal . plane woman ( cont ’d ) thank you ! she and her friend leave elate . hart nod at the autograph seeker , then realize shore be stare at he in disbelief . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 21 . hart what ? ext . front gate at troublesome gulch , colorado . day . a wagoneer pull up to a ranch - style gate at the end of a gravel drive . the only sign say : private property . keep off . about 50 yard ahead , we see the log cabin where the hart live . we can make out the figure of Lee spread bird seed on the ground . hart get out of the car and they share a hug . int . kitchen , troublesome gulch - day Gary and Lee enjoy sandwich with shore . Quick ad-lib about the quality of the food . shore you husband will not move off of announce at Red rock . hart it 's a powerful backdrop . shore we be go to need to distribute oxygen tank to the press . lee perhaps they 's 1ll conserve energy by not ask question . Lee smile at Gary . he wink back . gary billy want we to pose for people Magazine . lee do not be fool , Gary love people . gary that be slander . they daughter andrea ( 23 ) wander into the kitchen . andrea you should have tell he it be for popular Science . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 22. shore what do you think andrea - this time next year , you might be live in the White House . andrea just think what my chore will be . lee just think what you rent will be . gary how be the application come ? andrea utterly fascinating . gary you know there 's a little school call georgetown ... lee I think we have some pull . ext . amongst the tree - day Gray and Lee be hike . he stumble for a second and she make a quip about he age . int . live room , troublesome gulch - afternoon Gary and Lee share a sofa , read book . they be surrounded by book . Lee borrow Gary 's pencil to take note . int . andrea 's room , troublesome gulch - afternoon andrea be fill out grad school application . Gary be go over one of she personal essay . gary I just do not think you need the paragraph about the iguana . it make light of everything else you be say about yourself . andrea say I have a sense of humor . gary yeah , I do not think they care . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 23 . andrea chuckle a little . Gary pick up she guitar for a second . tries strumm . can not play a lick . andrea so , red rock ? gary a little too much ? andrea if you be go to reframe the debate ... why not reframe the location . Gary smile . the kind of smile we reserve for we daughter . andrea ( cont 'd ) still get a hard time about the road trip with kate . gary we be you parent . we be suppose to , you know ... just stay on main road . call we every night . andrea that 's not the problem . Gary look up from the application . andrea ( cont 'd ) it 's kate 's dad ... he 's concerned about we share a room . I think it make he uncomfortable . gary one bed or two ? a beat . there be more to this conversation . andrea have n xot come out of the closet , but there be a understanding . gary ( cont ’d ) Hotel room be not cheap ... ( smile ) make a economics argument . she smile and nod a thank you . ext . hart campaign headquarters - day flash bulb . hart , flanke by Lee on one side and dixon on the other , hold a pair of scissors over a ceremonial ribbon . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 24 . a large sign read - '' hart for president . new ideas . '' we see assemble staff and supporter cheer and whistling . hart try to cut the ribbon twice , but the scissors be too small and dull . he smile gamely . hart well this be not much of a omen ! amid the laughter , shore appear to hand Lee a larger pair of scissors , which she hand to hart . lee to second try ! raucous laughter as hart finally cut the ribbon . int . hart campaign headquarters - thirty min later quieter now as hart move briskly from cubicle to cubicle , accompany by dixon and shore , meeting the staff . we see dozen of young people at desk , fold table , cubicle -- try to look busy as they wait eagerly for Senator hart to say hello to they . as he let go of a young woman 's hand , move on to the next -- dixon this be Joe trippi , Senator . he 's handle mail . hart hi joe. ( look at he desk ) be that suppose to be a chef ? joe huh ? oh. ( be : a blue figurine ) it 's a smurf . brainy smurf . actually . see ? glass . hart ( take the smurf ) uh-huh . dixon and this be Ginny terzano , part of we press team ... hart go to shake the next hand , absentmindedly pockete the smurf . off Joe 's ' oh my god ! he take my smurf ! ' look . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 25 . ext . red rock state park , colorado . midday . Gary , Lee , and the campaign trudge up a dusty hill under the hot sun . the wind whip around they audibly , obscure some of the dialog , which be rush and sometimes overlap . dixon ( to stratton ) can you run this much cable ? stratton we will use a mult box . dixon how much higher be we go ? the altitude be brutal on all of they , but the hart . hart just a little bit further . stratton the straight down light be go to make brutal shadow . I would like to shade he somehow , for the camera . emerson ( gasp for air ) Mrs. hart , be you okay with the climb ? lee ( fine , smile back ) be you ? stratton ( to hart ) how would you react to a tent ? hart poorly . wilson ( to hart ) we should hit enlighten engagement before the three e's . dixon be everest not available ? hart ( to Wilson ) huh ? yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 26 . wilson economy , education , environment . dixon be we call it the three E 's ? hart ( to Wilson ) not that . the part before . wilson I think foreign policy first ? hart you forget ethic . dixon so there 's four E 's ? lee Gary 'il need water . hart ( to Lee ) what 's that ? lee you 'il need water . stratton ( puffing for air ) we will have ... water . emerson ( suffer ) .-. and beer . wilson it 's get to be the three E as. linguistically . dixon so we be lose one of the E 's ? which one ? hart ha , environment , education , or the economy . which one do you suggest ? dixon add a E . who give a fuck ? yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 27 . wilson ( quietly to himself ) four fuck E 's . stratton can I get some music ? maybe a high school band ? hart ( quickly ) no band . stratton Music be important . it set a tone . dixon ( be : the band ) what be we , open a stater Brothers ? hart where 's Bill ? dixon what do you need ? hart not you -- shore. dixon he 's billy , I be Bill . when they arrive at a small bluff , they find a couple staffer and irene Kelly already wait . kelly ( pull Lee aside ) Lee , you will be over here . I think you want to wear something dark , maybe a blue . not black . stratton take hart 's arm , guide he away from Lee . stratton let 's see how the light 's 1l play . lee ( reach for hart ) do you talk to andrea ? hart ( over the wind ) yeah , remind I when we — yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 28 . stratton we will need makeup for that glare . hart really ? dixon can we have a moment ? dixon pull hart away a couple step . dixon ( cont 'd ) be all of this really necessary ? Brown Palace have a perfectly fine ballroom ... hart dix , you know what bring I to Colorado originally ? ( dixon do not know ) the railroad . I spend a summer hammer railroad tie . can you imagine ? dixon I actually can . hart you know the last time a democratic president come out of the west ? dixon never . hart exactly . the west be the future . it always have be . and it still be . off hart , hair whipping in the wind , move back to he podium spot . dixon watch he amongst the grandeur of the giant rust color rock . Lee recede with she staff as aide bicker over where hart should stand . someone mindlessly fix he hair . ext . troublesome gulch , colorado - day Gary and Lee sit for a magazine photographer who be make minor adjustment to lighting as hair and make up people fuss with hart 's appearance . he 's try to smile but it 's drive he crazy . the photographer keep give instruction ... the tension build when we suddenly ... yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 29 . ext . atlantic ocean . day . silence , except for the sound of the gull softly caw . the sun reflect off the ocean . it 's as peaceful as the last scene be hectic . we linger on the water for several second , see and hearing no one . then we realize we Pov be hart 's Pov . in a a tee-shirt and short and dark shade , he lean on the HOTEL balcony railing and stare out over the ocean . he 's so relaxed , we barely recognize he . ext . turnberry isle pier , miami . afternoon . hart drift aimlessly down the pier with billy broadhurst , early 5as , a Southern raconteur . broadhurst he say , billy B , for that I will trade you the car and the crawfish ! I take that deal ! I take it ! ( laugh ) there it be , up ahead . we see a yacht with a dozen people milling around on deck , drink . we hear strain of Miami sound Machine . broadhurst ( cont 'd ) belong to a guy name soffer . Real nice guy . own a shit ton of real estate down here . ext . aboard the monkey business . night . a party at sea ! it 's loud , and hart and broadhurst be drink tequila from tumbler , talk to lynn armandt , brunette in she 20 , and dana weem , a model in she 20 . everyone 's drink , shout over the music . armandt a senator ? hart ( laugh , have fun ) I be . recently retire . armandt wow. like , in Florida ? yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 30 . broadhurst lean into hart . he point at a couple rich guy across the way , ask if hart want to meet they . hart not interested . a attractive 29 year old blonde join the group . she whisper something in armandt 's ear . this be donna rice . Rice introduce herself but hart can barely hear she name . ext . the monkey business . day . the yacht drift on the open ocean . Music now twinkle in the distance . prelap : hart ( 0.c . ) I intend -- as I always have -- to run a campaign of idea . ext . red rock state park , colorado . day . for a moment , we see a caravan of reporter hike up to the press conference as they struggle to breath . hart ( 0.c. ) idea have power . idea be what govern be all about . time CUT - a cameraman be on he knee in the orange dust , a massively heavy camera sling on he shoulder . we see parker take note . fielder a couple row back . hart stand without podium , frame by the majestic rock . hart ( cont ’d ) we be run for the high and most important office in the land . we find emerson , shore and stratton in a heat discussion . emerson it be you job , specifically , to convince the senator not to do thing exactly like this . shore what exactly do you want I to say ? yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 31 . emerson that he 's go to look like a idiot ... or worse , kill somebody . what the fuck be a axe throw contest anyway ? wilson I believe they call it timbersport . stratton I can look into light weight axe . wilson like , for child ? shore Roosevelt be a outdoorsman . he kill a grizzly once . ( aside ) you know that 's where teddy bear come from ? emerson fuck off . wilson he 's correct . shore it 's true . teddy Roosevelt kill a giant bear and they commemorate it by make plush toy for child . it be a national sensation . stratton maybe he would settle for log roll ? emerson how will they commemorate Gary hart impale a lumberjack ? shore might play well with the far leave . int . hart campaign plane . 90 minute later . no one obey the traditional rule of fly . people mill around seat and stand in the aisle and perform interview . meanwhile , hart , chin in hand , alone , stare out the window . nearby , Ann mcdaniel be work sweeney for time with hart . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 32 . mcdaniel sure look overjoy to be go home after thirty year . sweeney ( swigging beer ) the Senator have very fond memory of Kansas . he can not wait . mcdaniel no one have fond memory of Kansas . we find dixon , germond , broder and wyman play card . we be watch they from behind the economy curtain . in the back with most of the reporter . parker watch carefully . a orange enter foreground . a sharpie scrawl a message on the peel . after a big windup , weinberg roll the orange up the aisle of the plane . it disappear into the front cabin . a few reporter cheer in they seat . we notice tom fiedler , early 30 and nerdy , among they . he feel on the outside . fielder what have you write on it ? weinberg I ask where the goddamn food be . shanahan good . I be starve . what do they have in Kansas ? hardys ? weinberg arbys . parker look up to first class . he see germond , broder and wyman leave the front section and head back . billy pick up the orange . show it to hart . he smile . shore remember this time last year ? we bus have a flat outside dubuque . parker be watch hart chuckle in response , when sweeney arrive at he seat . sweeney we have get a few minute now if you be ready . parker practically hop out of he seat . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 33. weinberg go get ’em tiger . fiedler notice and pull sweeney into the galley . fiedler hey , when can I get some face time with the Senator ? sweeney we will do a presser in Kansas . fiedler I mean one on one . sweeney we be not do that this time . fiedler ( motion to parker ) what do you call that ? sweeney the Washington Post . sweeney keep move as fiedler take this in . just then weinberg notice the orange a few foot away , tumble back down the aisle . he reach out and grab it . we see the word write on the orange in all cap : '' have a orange . - gary . '' int . hart campaign plane . five minute later . off the flipping of a notepad , we find hart and parker face each other in the front , with sweeney watch carefully . parker but you think the president have not go far enough ? hart I know he have not . I know Gorbachev too , do not forget . parker what can we do ? aside from negotiate more reduction . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 34 . hart there will not be any peace dividend if we do not meet Gorbachev more than halfway . I would invite he to my inauguration . parker ( doubtful ) the Soviet premier . hart sure . why would not he come ? why would not we show he democracy in action ? we need to be bolder . parker you really think that might lay the groundwork for more negotiation ? hart groundwork ? the groundwork be laid . a bump of turbulence rock the cabin for a moment . Gary casually catch he drink . parker grab he armrest . hart ( cont 'd ) ( calming ) it 's just wind . parker yeah , uh huh . a few more bump . parker do not love it . hart Close you eye . ( off parker 's reluctance ) seriously . parker finally shut he eye . hart ( cont 'd ) we be drive down a country road . the cabin jostle again . hart ( cont 'd ) see . we hit a few bump . truck keep go . you have be do this you whole life . some road be not paved . that 's all . the plane settles . parker open he eye . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 35 . parker ( embarrassed ) thank you . hart you get it ... so the Soviets be in a economic tailspin , but change have to be manage . otherwise you will get a power vacuum , in Asia and the mideast . you know what fill vacuum ? parker human nature ? hart exactly . wars. dictator . Religious extremism . parker that 's you view of human nature ? hart do not they teach you tolstoy at ..? parker Yale . I be a history major . hart ( rummage for a book ) here. ( hand he a wear copy of resurrection ) it ’'ll teach you something about the Soviets , too . parker thank you . i’1ll get it back to you . hart keep it . I be not a library . ext . tarmac , airport - day staffer and journalist exit the plane and try to make sense of they next move as they wander towards the terminal . ext . MAIN STREET , ottawa , kansas . day . the hart motorcade enter the town square . people take notice . some wave . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 36 . Inside , hart look out with mix feeling for he childhood . int . ottawa university chapel , ottawa - day hart have a private moment in the church he grow up in . it 's quiet and kind of beautiful . a organ player sit down and warm up the key . int . ottawa university chapel , ottawa - day hart be midway through a ordinary policy speech for a large group of local who be listen , but not very engage . hart as we move toward the end of this long , dark chapter in we history , new challenge lie ahead ... dixon , Wilson , and shore speak quietly in the wing . dixon we fly to ottawa fuck Kansas to give a policy speech ? he 's suppose to be get personal . shore personal be not a comfort zone . wilson if it 's any consolation , he be hit all of the four E 's . dixon we add a E ? ext . hart childhood home , ottawa . day . hart and Lee , surround by a pack of reporter , stand in front of a rickety clapboard house . roadwork be be do across the street . mcdaniel how do it feel to be back home ? hart we...uh ... we actually live in six different house . my dad , he be out of work a lot . the campaign team just hang back . quietly stewing . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 37 . dixon shore ( quietly ) I know , I know . Christ , just say it 's good to be home . hart kind of notice he guy grumble . Lee brighten . lee ( prompt ) remember George use to sit out here all day ? hart of course ... whenever I get home , my granddad would always be sit here on the front porch with a Bible open in he lap . every day . one time a neighbor ask he , just to be friendly , '' what be you do up there ? '' grandad say , '' cram for final . '' Lee and the reporter laugh . more photo . hart turn and give a reluctant smile . int . econoline van - ottawa , kansas - night a elder woman volunteer drive the team . they seem to have lose they way and the staff be audibly upset . stratton ( prickishly clarify ) you have be to the airport before . elder volunteer yes , just never in a van . wilson ( quietly ) where do we find she ? kelly be we go to swing through the South or not ? dixon why waste the money ? stratton ( to the volunteer ) how would you get there in a car ? yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 38 . wilson ( find a map ) we can turn right on the farm road . kelly State director in Georgia and Alabama be begging . wilson that be the farm road . shore Carter win the South . dixon Carter be the South . trust I , it 's already go . hart irene 's right . I be not write off the South . dixon I can give you the number . hart I intend to be the president of the entire country . not 35 state . if my idea make sense in Youngstown , they 'il make sense in mobile . dixon ( dryly ) and we get to go to Alabama . stratton ( be : volunteer driver ) dear God , she run a green . ext . airport terminal , topeka , kansas - night they have arrive at the airport . everyone exit in a hurry . hart put he hand on the elderly volunteer 's shoulder . he give she a smile and she immediately relax . int . airport terminal , topeka , kansas - later that night staff and reporter buzz around the terminal . weinberg , shanahan , and a stringer read off storey into payphone . hart sit between sweeney and shore , tinkering with a first - generation , shoe-size cellphone . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 39 . stratton approach the press corps in the background . stratton ( 0.s. ) it 's a 30 - minute delay , guy . go get a sandwich . stratton walk back towards Wilson and emerson . emerson it 's a travesty . wilson a designer suit ? emerson it 's not about the suit . it 's the presentation of thing . stratton what 's this ? wilson Ralph lauren announce they be do wardrobe for CBS News . stratton you prefer Hugo boss ? emerson there 's that word - wardrobe . like they be on Three 's company stratton it be a television show . emerson no , it 's the news ... a bad suit should mean something . it 's trustworthy . we see hart hit a key on the phone and hold it up . hart why be not it ringing ? shore sweeney do you hit send ? do you see any bar ? shore ( hold out he hand ) you have to hit send . i’1l do it . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 40 . hart ( rise ) keep it . I 'il be back . back to emerson ... get more heat . emerson it start with designer clothes . and everyone say - do not they look nice - pretty soon vidal sassoon be do Tom brokow 's hair . stratton ( poke the bear ) maybe some music . emerson sure , Mark knopfler 's write some open theme song and they ' 1l have action shot of the anchor leaping away from fire and pull kitten out of storm drain . stratton hey , maybe they do not even need to read the news ... emerson fuck , why have newsmen at all ...? let 's just hire model and teach they to read . you know , someone you can really jerk off to . wilson ( genuinely amused ) that 's funny . emerson it 's not Doug . it 's not funny at all . it 's the death nail of journalism . wilson do you mean death knell ? it 's a common mistake . emerson how often do people just punch you in the face ? we find parker grab a coke from a vend machine . something catch he eye . he stare a moment , curiously . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 41 . CUT to sweeney , still in he seat , clocking the same thing parker 's look at : hart cramme into a phone booth , head down , talk quietly with a big grin . parker and sweeney make eye contact , and then a gate announcement draw they curiosity away . CUT to : thwack ! a ax land solidly in a wooden bullseye . ext . NORTH country , new hampshire . day . two strong hand yank the ax out of the log . a burly lumberjack hand the large axe to hart , who wear a flannel shirt and jeans . the crowd whisper in anticipation . Quick shot of a gaggle of reporter , parker among they , snicker skeptically . fiedler , from the Miami Herald , lift a twenty dollar bill towards parker . fiedler ten buck say he miss . parker I be alright , thanks . fiedler shrug . suit yourself . Quick pop of sweeney , head in hand . emerson this be a first ... he might just actually throw away he campaign . I can not fuck watch this . shore , munch on a apple , look on with detachment . hart , smile , lift the ax over he head and hurl with all he might . it travel 25 foot and - thwack ! a dead bull -eye . even the reporter cheer as hart lift he arm above he head and grin triumphantly . parker give fiedler a little nod . shore look at emerson . emerson ( cont 'd ) ( euphoric ) that be incredible . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 42 . Gary start work he way through a line of woodsmen , eager to shake he hand , particularly after that throw . however , there 's a few dissenter include one particularly angry woodsman who keep he hand in he pocket . angry woodsman ( passive aggressive ) just keep you hand out of my pocket . hart what be that ? angry woodsman tax be high enough . keep you hand out of my pocket . the woodsman begin to walk away . hart kind of smile ... hart so , be we go to talk or be you just go to walk away ? the woodsman turn back . caught off guard and a little sheepish . hart be unflinch . hart ( cont 'd ) what 's a good place to get a beer around here ? omitted int . hunting lodge - day rifles on rack . timbersport pro and hunter have form a horseshoe around hart in the smoky hall . it 's quiet . no one know where to start . hart see the angry woodsman from earlier . he roll back he sleeve , show he hand , and smile . hart you pocket be safe . chuckle around the room . hart ( cont 'd ) so , where should we start ? note : in this scene , question will come from the crowd . we will not see each person talk . the group be speak as a whole . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 43 . hunter 1 what be we suppose to ask ? hart let 's talk about anything you want . we find the campaign team on the side visibly nervous . hunter 2 where 's the beef ?! chuckle around . hart ( smile ) have not hear that one in a while . hunter 3 you a Christian ? hart yes I be . hunter 3 you think they should have prayer in school ? hart I like prayer in church . hunter 4 do you hunt ? hart not so much . when I be a kid , my uncle teach I to track bear . hunter 5 you go to take we gun ? hart you go to take mine ? this calm the room a bit for a beat . hunter 4 what about mexican ? hart what about they ? hunter 5 they be take we job . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 44 , hart ( think for a moment ) you think they want to leave they life behind ? they family ? ( stop ) would you ? hunter 3 they 's 11l work for nothing . hart that 's why we need to invest in Mexico . hunter 2 you want to buy a jalapeno farm ? hart be that what you do ? you be a farmer ? hunter 2 I make chair . hart ( riffing ) so why do not we invest in they enterprise ? they industry . create opportunity for mexican in Mexico . instead of steal you job , they 's 1l buy you chair . hunter 5 they be not very good chair . hart well , I can not help he with that . ( a think ) I mean , forget job for a second , think about security . you really want a chaotic nation on the brink of economic collapse just south of the border ? hunter 2 sound like Massachusetts . Real laughter . hunter 4 so you anti-military or something ? hart why do you say that ? yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 45 . hunter 4 you be a democrat . hart ( incredulous ) I be in the military . hunter 5 what branch ? hart navy reserve . a couple chuckle . hart ( cont 'd ) do that not count ? hunter 4 you want to cut the military ? hart I want to reform it . hunter 3 that mean cut it . hart I disagree . I actually write a entire book on military reform . sold twelve copy . I do not suppose anyone here read it ? ( look to he staff ) any of you guy ? sheepish look amongst he team . Wilson raise he hand . wilson ( quietly ) it 's a good read . hart you say you be worried about you tax . you know how much that new b2 bomber cost ? about a billion dollar . hunter 5 Worth every penny . hart be it ? sure , they might look pretty fly over the superbowl . ( more ) yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 46 . hart ( cont 'd ) but let 's face it , we be building a military that 's only good at bombing . and after twenty year of bombing , you know what we will be leave with ? he look around the room , genuinely open for a answer . hart ( cont 'd ) rubble . rubble that we will need to rebuild . and people who hate we . but we will not have a conventional military ready to fight in the jungle and desert where they hate we the most . hunter 1 nuke ‘em . hart okay . sure . who you go to nuke ? ( long beat ) the cold war be over and we addiction to oil be go to take we into battle we do not know how to fight in place like the middle east , where stateless Islamic terrorism will become a epidemic . hunter 4 I be not worried about some ragheads in the desert ... hart you should be . they bomb will not have a return address . hunter 1 celtic or laker ? hart nugget . boos rain down from all the man . hart ( cont ’d ) ( laugh ) I be not afraid of be boo . more laughter . there 's a awkward pause . feel like they be run out of question . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 47 . hunter 6 if you get elect , be you ever go to come back to this town . a long beat . hart what do you mean '' if '' ? he smile . the man laugh . the room have be defuse . int . bar at the wayfarer inn , manchester , nh . night . hart get up from a table of the old guard reporter . they be laugh about the day 's event . the campaign team be at a table , talk about the next stop . hart head for the bathroom when he stop at the kide table . hart what 's the news , guy ? parker cuomo be officially out . the young reporter watch hart 's face wait for a reaction . hart have a small smile , then catch himself . hart Long way to go . mcdaniel Kennedy , Bradley ... all out . hart I like gephardt . Al 's still in this thing . jesse Jackson . shanahan come on ... I mean , Senator , sir . hart he 's get double digit . shanahan you think this country will elect jesse Jackson president ? parker maybe vice president . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 48. mcdaniel that 's what jesse really want anyway , right ? hart smile just as a waitress arrive . hart they need another round . on I . parker you can not do that . it 's ... hart Fine , another round on they . waitress Word be you be go to be president . hart I do not know , how do secretary of the navy sound ? waitress already be a secretary , honey . but you be sweet . int . wayfarer inn . moment later . hart follow a sign to the restroom . he 's smile about the cuomo news . he turn the corner and stop , flustered . weinberg and a woman reporter from the pool be lean up against a wall , giggle and make out . both wear wedding ring they do not exchange with each other . hart kind of smile and quietly enter the mens room . int . miami herald conference room . morning . about a dozen editor and reporter sit and stand around a long conference table , among they fiedler from the pool . bob martindale , the paper 's editor , sit at the head of the table . another editor , joe savage , sit nearby . a investigative reporter name murphy be dramatically recount the movement of a drug cartel . murphy they fly in below the radar , cruise a hundred foot above the water like apaches on a strafe run . ( more ) yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 49 . murphy ( cont 'd ) right before they breach we airspace , they dump the whole fuck shipment into the Atlantic - not pound ... ton of coke . a volkswagon of coke - where they have get cigarette boat that kick the shit out of we coast guard . savage you see this ? murphy get a old navy buddy . run fishing tour out of islamorada . spend five night under a cargo net . martindale Nice . let 's work up some sort of map that show the route and make sure we have get artwork on that cigarette boat in motion . not some bullshit stock photo , but really kick up surf . assistant editor ( dry ) get it . sexy boat kick up surf . martindale anything from the mickey desk ? savage mgm be suing Disney World over the new park . it 's a license violation . martindale no shit . could it scuttle the deal ? assistant editor Tim 's try to nail it down . martindale let 's get a top for front page . maybe some option on a cry mickey draw . savage we have do cry mickey . twice . when universal come to Orlando and when that alligator eat that kid near epcot . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 50 . martindale right . try mickey in hand cuff . Politics ? fiedler yeah , just get back from the kickoff tour with Gary hart . martindale ( to fiedler ) okay . anything new there ? fiedler I mean , it 's the curtain raiser on the guy who 's go to win the presidency . the assistant editor , a woman in she late 40s , speak up -- assistant editor keep it to 100 twill , Tom . we be tight today . fiedler be you serious ? martindale ( move on ) Sports . who the dolphin draft ? int . miami herald newsroom . monday night , april 27 . fiedler , read through clip , have he foot up on he desk in the mostly desert newsroom . Baseball on the transistor radio . the desk phone ring . he pick up . we do not see the face of the coy , yet tipsy , dana weem on the other side of the call . fiedler Tom fiedler - - - hello ? weem ( 0.s . ) do you write the story about Gary hart today ? fiedler ( half -listen ) yeah , that be I . weem ( 0.s. ) um ... he 's have a affair with a friend of mine . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 51 . fiedler what ? intercut with : ext . phone both - night we be on a street corner . the phone booth be fogge . Inside be dana weem , a friend of donna Rice from the boat . outside , bolster she friend , be Lynn armandt . weem she 's sneaking around with he . fiedler ( do not buy it ) okay , right and how do you know ? weem ( giggle ) I mean , it 's all she talk about . fiedler what 's she name ? what 's you name ? weem ( giggle again ) I can not tell you that ! fiedler look , this be not funny , ok ? you can not just call people and make allegation . now , who be you and -- weem she 's fly up there . to see he in Washington . this weekend . fiedler this weekend ? weem Friday , yeah . maybe you can follow she or something . God , she 's so pathetic . like a cheerleader get note from the popular boy , you know ? fiedler find a crinkly fax sheet . fiedler ( eyeing the sheet ) hart 's not in DC this weekend . ( more ) yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 52 . fiedler ( cont 'd ) he 's go to kentucky for the derby . sorry lady ... weem wait . it 's just , I want to ask you . fiedler uh huh ? weem do you guy pay for picture ? fiedler Jesus ... good luck . he hang up on she . shake he head . int . hart campaign headquarters , denver - day a campaign ad be be edit on a old tape- to- tape online bay . dixon and sweeney watch and criticize ad lib . commercial : Gary hart amongst nature . speak to camera . hart ... now over the next year , you be go to see a lot of campaign ad . many of which will have some kind of faceless announcer . but not from I . I believe a candidate should stand by what they believe in rather than hide behind some stranger 's voice . so , next time you hear that faceless announcer make claim and accusation , ask yourself why . as the hart ' 88 logo come up we find stratton and Wilson . they be admire all the hollywood photo at emerson 's desk . in they , emerson hang out with 1980 's icon like nicholson , beatty , Hunter S. Thompson , Don Johnson . stratton must be hard to be away from all you friend back home . emerson yeah , okay , I run the California office . this be my constituent . wilson Warren beatty and Jack nicholson ? yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 53. emerson «+. yes . they be both angelino . stratton on that particularly tough night , it must be reassure to look over and see they face . wilson do they serve as a reminder of the regional struggle in California ? emerson Warren beatty be a thoughtful ... political ... fuck both of you . we find hart in the front corner , foot up on sweeney 's desk , gaze out the window , talk on a cord phone . hart well thank you . I mean it , ed. ( listen but glance away ) well we will , and Lee and I appreciate it . hal will call you about where to send the check and all that ... righto . talk soon . he hang up and we pan to see Kelly and shore . shore you be a free man . hart kelly thank you . until call time tomorrow . hart walk by staffer pull out new hart sign . hart oh irene , tell Steve and Kitty I can not make kentucky , ok ? kelly you be gonna miss the derby ? hart and tell ellie to grab coffee ? int . miami herald newsroom . day . friday , may 1 . a teletype machine printing out the follow : hart for president . revised schedule - DC / new york / new hampshire yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 54 . we find fiedler eat a sandwich . fiedler ( to another reporter ) you never get the taco . someone should have tell you that . reporter but Friday 's taco day , man . fiedler let I know how Saturday go . the mail clerk , a old guy with a limp , wheel he mail cart past the desk and stop . fiedler ( cont 'd ) thanks Earl . he stare at the sheet . fiedler 's brain click . he start walk . we follow fiedler to Murphy 's desk . murphy hey , what 's do ? fiedler I think I need you help on something . int . campaign bus - day stratton be attempt to demonstrate the best way to cook a hamburger . he 's use a ruler as a spatula and a flatten ball of line paper as a burger . hart I know how to make a burger , Mike . stratton if they see you flip it twice ... other from the team chime in . wilson ( dick around ) what else will he flip on ... healthcare ... farming subsidy ...? stratton I be serious . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 55 . int . truck stop , northeast - day hart in a apron , pose with the restaurant staff for a few photo . he flip burger . parker watch from nearby . moment later , hart be at a table face parker . a tape recorder sit between they on the table . hart ( to parker ) we almost do ? parker just about . hart you read the book yet ? parker just about . it 's tolstoy . parker look down at he notepad . a series of question have be cross off . one word remain - '' Marriage '' . parker ( cont 'd ) ( visibly uncomfortable ) can we talk about you separation . sweeney look up . hart it 's a fairly common occurrence . I would avoid it if you can . parker I be not have fun ask about this . in case you be wonder . hart I be not . sweeney parker aj ... look -- hart ( cont 'd ) why should anyone care ? how be it relevant ? parker sweeney people feel like it 's hard to Senator ... know you . I be try to help elucidate -- some of we yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 56 . hart ( cont 'd ) people . who be this ' people 's everyone keep tell I about ? parker Fine , maybe we feel that way . hart so , reporter . parker sweeney . aj , either ask something else ... hart ( cont ’d ) some of you who be in high school when I run mcgovern 's campaign . it 's not my fault you be just arrive at the party . parker ok , so around that time , you tell gail sheehy you believe in '' reform marriage . '' what do that mean ? hart for cry out loud . I be young and tired and live across the country from my wife , and I make a stupid joke . you know , this be why people do not want to be in public life . because someone will dredge up something you say in a moment 15 year ago and act like it somehow encapsulate you life . parker it 's just -- hart I be go to answer one more of this , and then I be not go to sit here anymore . we have cover all the stuff that matter . do anyone ask Reagan about he marriage ? parker sweeney I do not think -- let 's wrap this up ... hart ( cont 'd ) do you ask Carter this question ? parker there have be rumor -- yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 57 . hart oh for God sake , aj . ask whatever it be you come here to ask . parker ok . do you think you have ... a traditional marriage ? hart sweeney ( disbelief ) ok . that 's enough . we be do a trad -- here -- hart you want to know what I be do in my spare time ? be that it , aj ? follow I around then . put a tail on I . I mean it . you would be very bored . parker scribbles , head down as sweeney escort hart away . int . miami INTERNATIONAL airport . friday afternoon . we be watch the escalator , over the shoulder of fiedler and Murphy . mostly tourist and businessman . fiedler be flipping through a magazine nervously . he 's so nervous , it 's comical . Murphy be try to keep it cool . murphy just calm down . fiedler what be I suppose to do ? murphy Act bored . most people usually look bored . what do she look like ? fiedler attractive . hot enough to make you leave you wife . murphy honestly would not take much . Murphy look ready to give up and then they see she . donna . armandt walk alongside she . without say a word , they begin follow she towards the gate . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 58 . int . boeing 737 to DC - evening fiedler and Murphy sit deep in coach . fiedler lean into the aisle to get a look at donna who 's read a book a few row down . he lean a little further and be suddenly hit by the beverage cart , make a bit of a mess . he flinch back . int . national airport terminal , DC - night fiedler and Murphy walk 15 foot behind donna and armandt , try to play it cool . ext . national airport taxi line - night donna and armandt be show into a wait cab . several people back in the line , fiedler and Murphy watch anxiously as they mark pull away . murphy do we know where they be go ? fiedler I fuck hope so . ext . hart 's townhouse , capitol hill . friday night . fiedler 's taxi come up on a stately , two -story row house . light shine in the window and illuminate the sidewalk . no one 's visible inside or out . fiedler and Murphy fight for the driver 's side window . fiedler this one here on the leave . cab driver you want I to pull over ? fiedler just hang a second . murphy no security ? nothing ? you sure this be right ? fiedler it 's he place . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 59 . mcgee cab driver ( look at the house ) you guy get out ? do not feel right . fiedler ( cont 'd ) just give we a second . fiedler look at the window , hope for a answer . murphy no secret service ? fiedler he be not the nominee yet . cab driver look , I be not sure what you guy be up to ... murphy ( to fiedler ) I think you get take buddy . fiedler we have be here all of two fuck second ... cab driver this be not a peep show , one of you have to pay I ...! murphy New destination , we need a hotel ... fiedler hold on ! suddenly , the light turn off inside the house . fiedler and Murphy go silent . cab driver which one of you be go to ...? fiedler ( quietly ) pull over there . the cab pull over . Inside , they all hold still , wait to see what will happen next . we see the front door open . a man 's arm hold it open . hart and donna come out onto the stoop . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 60 . murphy fuck I . broadhurst and armandt follow . they walk down to hart 's sedan , all get in and drive off . back to fiedler , suddenly vibrate with mix energy . murphy ( cont 'd ) we be gonna need a photographer . CUT to : the back of a slr camera be load with film ext . STREET outside hart 's townhouse , capitol hill . dawn . Murphy sit in a rental car outside the house , as the sun appear on the horizon . he do a crossword . in the back seat with the camera be roy valentine , a photographer . roy you be sure they be in there ? murphy yep . have you stake out before ? roy ( scoff ) I mean , I be not a paparazzi . be we even allow to do this ? murphy a few year ago , I figure out most of the plane carry kilo of coke into the US be not come from colombia . they be actually come from the fuck Bahamas . so I dig a little deeper . turn out , the prime minister be take pay off from Miami lawyer to leave beach front runway unguard . roy wo. murphy yeah , '' wo '' . sometimes you need to catch someone in the act . I mean , fuck , have you ever have to do this kind of investigative journalism ? yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 61 . roy ( uncomfortable share ) last year , I snuck into the Magic Kingdom as a tourist . I cut right into tomorrowland , buy a rocket pop , and when no one be look , I climb a barricade and catch the first image of Captain eo . ( long beat ) it be terrifying , but worth it . a long look from Murphy . suddenly , the door open . it 's fiedler . he 's hold a print out fax . fiedler follow I around . ( pass it to Murphy ) hart tell the Post to follow he around ... murphy '' follow I around . put a tail on I . you have be very bored . '' fiedler he ask _ we to follow he . roy technically speak , we be already follow he . murphy be you fuck kid I ? fiedler it 's a invitation . ( off Roy 's skepticism ) look , if this be 20 year ago and party boss be still pick the candidate in back room , that would be one thing . but thing change . everyone forget that . they just hand this primary and caucus back to some folk in Iowa line up around the country Kitchen to pick nominee they have never hear of , you know , to vet some governor or congressman from god know where ? we have a responsibility here ... to hold this guy accountable . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 62 . ext . STREET outside hart 's townhouse - day it 's raining . the rental car sit there . Three silhouettes behind the windshield . Inside , they be eat individual carton of chinese . just watch and wait for something to happen . ext . STREET outside hart 's townhouse - afternoon the car park in the same spot . Murphy and Roy asleep . fiedler look up from he newspaper . he sees a woman with a baby carriage , and then a jogger . then , wilson ( policy aide ) approach the front door . Murphy sit up for a better look . he lower the window a inch , hope to hear . we barely hear the doorbell . a moment later , the townhouse door open revealing hart , wear a white hoodie and jeans . Wilson hand hart a thick envelope . we barely make out what they be say . hart thanks . wilson hopefully this be the last draft . hart yeah , I 'il give it a look ... and then hart freeze . he seem to be either lose in think or staring straight at the rental car . fiedler hold stock still , not sure whether to go back to he paper or drive off , when hart give a quick goodbye to Wilson and shut the door . fiedler give Murphy a shove . murphy what 's happen ? fiedler Wilson , policy guy . murphy what be that , a speech writer ? fiedler to a certain ... he study the fluctuation in foreign ... and ... ( more ) yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 63 . fiedler ( cont 'd ) ( Murphy do not care ) yes , he 's a speech writer . murphy do he make you ? fiedler do not think so . need a closer look . thinks for a second . CUT to : tag be ripped off new jogging clothes ext . hart 's townhouse - late in the day fiedler , pretend to run in a ridiculous jogging suit , trot past the rental car , give Murphy a furtive glance . he jog onto the sidewalk and slow down as he pass hart 's townhouse . he 's try to see through the window but can not quite make anything out . int . / ext . fiedler 's rental car - last light fiedler finish he loop and jog back up to the rental car and get back in the passenger seat . he 's sweat ... hard . murphy Jesus , you run around the block . fiedler fuck off . ( look for Roy ) where 's we shooter ? Murphy nod toward the house . we see Roy with he camera , crouching behind a bush , try to get a good angle . fiedler ( cont 'd ) be you fuck kid I ? murphy he 's young , excited . what be I go to say ? fiedler he 's go to get we catch . we watch from the car as Roy get closer to the townhouse . suddenly one by one , the window blind slam shut . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 64 . fiedler ( cont 'd ) fuck . ext . hart 's townhouse - night a beat as they watch the townhouse . the last glow of ambient daylight disappear into night . and then the front door of the townhouse open . hart come down the step , still wear he white hoodie . hart climb inside he Chrysler . he 's visibly nervous . a stark difference from he usual confidence and calm . hart check the mirror as he pull out slowly onto the street . we see the Herald 's rental car reflect in the mirror , pull out to follow he . hart put on he blinker and deliberately take a right turn onto a side street . he check the mirror again , see the car follow . his jaw clenches . his breathe grow shallow . we can almost hear he adrenaline . he pull to a slow crawl at a stop sign , wait for the Herald car to get close enough , and then hart hit the brake - his tail light illuminate the car behind he . we can not quite make out detail , but we see three male face , bath in a red glow . he shake he head to himself . hart hit the gas . quickly , he make three right turn , bring we back to ... ext . hart 's townhouse , capitol hill - night hart re-park the car outside he house . he take a deep breath . he get out and look behind he at the Herald 's rental car , which have come to a stop a few car-length away . he put he head down , shove he hand into he pocket , and head off briskly into the side alley . the moment he round the corner , the Herald team quickly pull over and jump out of the car . they briskly follow to the mouth of the alley , visually check in with each other as they walk . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 65 . ext . side alley by hart 's townhouse - night the three Herald guy , Murphy lead the way , head toward a intersection where a side alley meet a back alley . murphy ( hiss ) you be too close . fiedler ( hiss back ) he be already on to we . as they turn the corner into the back alley -- hart ( 0.c. ) good evening , gentleman . stand in front of they , in he white hoodie , be hart . a long silent beat . the three journalist from the Herald line up across from hart . Murphy out front . fiedler in the shadow . there 's a eerie High noon quality to the stand off . no one know what to do . no one have ever be here before . for better or for worse , they have breach a historical trust between candidate and the press ... and they must figure out the next moment on they own . murphy ( nervous ) good evening , Senator . I 'ma reporter for the Miami Herald . we would like to talk to you . hart hold he ground , try to decipher what 's happen . murphy ( cont 'd ) um ... we have like to ask you about the woman who 's be stay in you townhouse . hart do not move . compose he thought specifically . hart .-+. no one be stay in my townhouse . murphy we see you leave and return with a woman last night . a blond woman ? hart I may . I may not have . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 66 . murphy we see you . hart I do not know what you think you see ... flash - Roy take a photo . it 's blind and confusing in the dark alleyway . it almost feel like a gun shot . fiedler step forward . fiedler hello , Senator . hart ( register fiedler ) Tom ? fiedler yes , sir . I uhh ... I wonder if you could tell we whether this woman work for the campaign . ( beat ) the one we see you with . hart she be not part of my campaign . fiedler okay . then can you tell we how you know she ? flash - another photo startles hart . hart well ... I do not think that 's relevant . murphy ( scoffing ) oh , I assure you , Senator , it 's relevant -- fiedler it 's just that , we see you leave and come back with this woman . and we do not see she leave again . flash ! hart Tom , you can not be serious . no one be stay in my home but I . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 67 . fiedler I be serious , sir . how long have you know she ? hart what kind of question be this ? fiedler be she a friend ? hart I do not know why I would tell you that . Tom , I be not -- flash ! murphy can you produce the woman so she can corroborate what you be say ? hart I do not have to produce ... this have go on long enough . hart take a step forward , as if to leave , and Roy snap two more photo , blind hart momentarily . hart blink . the flash begin to build now , more and more - frustrate hart . fiedler Senator , we know you have make call to this woman . you call she from Kansas . and New Hampshire . we have the date . hart I make call every day . I do not see how I have remember , and I do not see how you have -- flash , flash ... fiedler ( stammer ) but ... Senator ... I be at you announcement speech . you say ... you say ... we must ... fiedler ( cont 'd ) hart ( from he notebook ) .+. I know what I say . '' hold ourselves to the high possible standard of integrity and ethic . '' yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 68 . fiedler ( cont 'd ) so why be I stand here ? why be I stand here in a alley ona Saturday night ? do not you think you owe it to we to be forthcoming ? flash , flash ... hart ( scoff ) owe you ? fiedler you be deny what we have see with we own eye ! hart the only thing I deny be the idea that somehow you have the right to ask this thing . fiedler you be run for president ! hart I be aware of that , Tom . it 's in the papers . flash , flash ... fiedler then you have a responsibility -- hart I know full well what my responsibility be . ( take a step forward ) do you know yours ? hart go to leave , but Murphy step into he path . murphy Senator . have you have sex with this woman ? ! hart what ?! flash , flash ... hart ( cont 'd ) you should be ashamed of yourself . ( to fiedler ) ( more ) yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 69 . hart ( cont ’d ) the only one put you in this alley , Tom , be you . hart move to the back door of the townhouse amidst multiple flash ... and then he 's go . a moment as the two journalist and the photographer catch they breath and look at each other - what just happen ? and then they scuttle off down the alleyway . we boom up to a window and find hart catch he breath . he grab for a phone . begins to dial . hart ( cont 'd ) ( through the window ) yeah , billy . find dixon . now . int . quality inn guest room , capitol hill fiedler , Murphy , and Roy rush into the room . fiedler open up he giant tandy laptop . int . broadhurst 's kitchen , capitol hill . 9 pm saturday . broadhurst think . donna and armandt sit on the velour couch in front of he . broadhurst ( cont 'd ) maybe you tell somebody . you momma . you mailman . somebody . armandt we do not . broadhurst I be ask donna . donna oh my God . you think ... he 's go to think I tell someone . broadhurst donna , darling , I need you to be straight with I here . donna I tell you , I do not -- do not reporter follow he all the time ? yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 70 . broadhurst Gary say this guy be from Miami . which mean they be follow you , not Gary , ok ? donna I do not know any reporter , billy . I do not know anyone . int . quality inn guest room , capitol hill . 10 pm . smoke in the air , coffee cup , detritus everywhere . fiedler frantically bang out copy while Murphy hover behind . we glimpse Roy , the photographer , in the bathroom develop he negative with a mini-daylight tank over the sink , half - listen . one roll be already hang and drying . murphy ( check he watch ) 42 minute . ( eyeing the screen ) you want to say link here . say she 's tie to hart make it sound - fiedler professional ? murphy no , like rope and chain and shit . fiedler grunt , nod and keep type . the phone ring . murphy ( cont 'd ) ( to Roy ) can you grab that ? roy ( add chemical to the develop tank ) a little busy here . murphy ( answer ) hey ... uh huh ... ( mute the phone ) they want to hold for a day , just to get we shit straight . maybe get the girl 's name . fiedler can not . we lose half the reader . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 71 . murphy ( back on the phone ) this can not wait till Monday . it 's a Sunday story . ( mute the phone ) they want to know if we see the girl with we own eye . fiedler ( still type furiously ) we do . roy I mean we see she ... arrive . fiedler interview or conversation ? murphy interview ? in a alleyway ? fiedler watergate start with a interview in a parking garage . a moment . that word . watergate . int . broadhurst 's kitchen , capitol hill . continuous . tight on the ringing phone . broadhurst ( answer , harry ) hello. ( beat ) ok. hang on . ( to donna ) it 's for you . donna ( take the cord phone ) hello ? intercut as need with -- hart in georgetown . hart hello . donna Gary ! thank God . what 's happen ? hart I do not know . I think you might . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 72 . donna what ? behind she , the sound of shatter glass . broadhurst ( 0.s . ) goddamnit . donna ( look behind she ) no. I ... look , I need you to know , I have nothing to do with this . I have never talk to that man . I do not know any reporter . broadhurst ( 0.s. ) get I that broom , would you sweetheart ? hart they know I have call you . they know where I be . donna I do not understand . broadhurst ( kneel over glass ) ow ! goddamn ! hart what 's go on over there ? donna bb drop a glass , I guess . he 's upset . we be all upset . hart it will be fine . trust I . donna do you trust I ? hart I want to trust you . ( a tough beat ) I may not be see you again . donna what ? hart good night , miss Rice . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 73. off donna as he icy word take the breath from she lung . int . miami herald newsroom - night martindale exit the elevator and look up to see Joe Savage already in the light conference room . they both clearly get pull out of bed and return to work . a beat later , we find they huddle over the conference phone . savage it 's not we quote . murphy ( speakerphone ) we need the quote . martindale you want the quote . intercut with : int . quality inn guest room , capitol hill - continuous Murphy be still hold the phone to he ear . fiedler ( quietly ) we could credit the Post ? murphy yeah , yeah ... hart tell the Post to '' follow he around '' ...? roy be there a chance the senator be be facetious ? Murphy shoot Roy a look . martindale so now we be advertising for the Post ? savage we could run a 800 number for new subscriber . murphy fuck you , jim. yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 74 . savage ( laugh ) we could just tease the interview . follow up later in the week . murphy ( shaking he head ) they be go to find a way to spin this thing . we have get he right now . Dead to rights . martindale easy there Magnum , this be not a drug bust . murphy he be ask for it . that 's a story . that be the story . fiedler ( already type ) '' in a interview with the Post , he challenge that who question he to ' follow I around ... '' murphy ( into the phone ) right now , the Washington Post be in bed , asleep ... and Gary hart be in a lock room with he entire campaign team , figure a way out of this . savage he 's not wrong . martindale you have twenty minute to make tomorrow 's al. ( add ) no quote . ext . dixon 's apartment , denver - night dixon exit the front door and approach a wait car . he clearly get pack in two minute . he hop in the passenger seat . irene Kelly be behind the wheel . they start drive . kelly be we ...? dixon I do not know . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 75 . int . hart campaign office , denver - night light flip on as emerson enter to find sweeney already man a phone at a desk . nearby , stack of hart poster . sweeney ( into the phone ) tell fiedler we can give he a interview with the girl . straighten everything out . just buy we some time . sweeney open a bottle of whiskey take a deep inhale , then drink a glass of water . emerson just swig the whiskey . int . quality inn guest room , capitol hill - night the phone ring . Murphy pick up with a informal greeting . he mute the receiver under he arm and turn to fiedler . murphy they say the girl will talk to we . fiedler ( shake he head ) they be stalling . int . airplane , denver . midnight . dixon , shore and Kelly out of breath as they board a flight . the last two people aboard . the flight attendant give a little look - you make it - as the captain be finish he pre-flight announcement . int . broadhurst 's kitchen , capitol hill . continuous . billy B hang up he phone . he turn to donna . donna they do not want to hear my side of thing ? broadhurst they do not care . fucker be go to print without source . donna can I talk to Gary ? prelap : the jarring ring of a old phone ... yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 76 . ext . troublesome gulch , colorado - midnight we hear the phone ringing . int . kitchen , troublesome gulch - midnight we see andrea shuffle in to pick up the phone . andrea ( groggy ) hello ? hart hey kiddo , I need you to get you mother for I . andrea dad , it 's the middle of the night . be everything okay ...? hart andrea . andrea stop short . Lee enter in night clothes and take the phone from she daughter . lee hello ? there 's a pause and then ... hart ( 0.s. ) something 's happen . lee all right . what be it ? int . hart 's townhouse , capitol hill . continuous . hart sit at the kitchen island , eye close , phone to he ear . he roll the glass of vodka on the counter . hart there 's go to be a story . tomorrow . about I . a long beat . Lee sigh . hart ( cont 'd ) what they be go to write ... should not ever be write . I can not seem to stop they ... yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 77 . lee ( exasperate ) oh , just say it , Gary . hart I meet a woman in Miami . they follow she . to DC . to we townhouse in DC . lee I see . a long beat as Lee absorb the pain . we see andrea watch she mother with anxious curiosity . lee ( cont 'd ) the one thing I ever really ask be that you do not embarrass I . hart nod painfully . hart I feel so stupid . lee good . sound like you should . feel stupid for a while . and with that , she hang up . CUT to : ext . doorstep , capital hill - morning a hand grab the post , still inside the wet newspaper bag . int . broadhurst 's live room , capitol hill - morning broadhurst enter , open up the paper . he find dixon watch donna from the kitchen . she sit on a sofa with a lose gaze . there 's a nod between both man before dixon leave to find a seat across from donna , watch she like a investigative journalist . dixon what be you do here , donna ? donna I do not know . I just want to go home . can I go home now ? yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 78 . dixon sure , of course . soon . I know you want to get home . broadhurst walk through the background leaf through the Post , not find anything of note . donna I do not belong here . dixon I just need to know the fact . donna talk to Gary . dixon Gary 's not a big talker when it come to ... this kind of thing . donna I tell you already . dixon uh-huh . donna I want a job with the campaign . bb arrange the interview . dixon ( have to smile ) a interview ? Quick pop of broadhurst and armandt sit nearby . he look miserable and guilty . armandt read the Post . dixon ( cont 'd ) you have work in politics before , donna ? donna no . I just want to work for Senator hart . dixon why 's that ? donna I like he position . dixon smirk . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 79 . donna ( cont 'd ) you think I be some stupid bimbo . dixon I do not think anything . donna I sell pharmaceutical , you know . dixon ok . donna I be the top saleswoman in my district . dixon I do not doubt it . donna I graduate phi betta kappa ... I do all the thing I be suppose to do to make sure man do not look at I the way you be look at I right now . all dixon can do be sigh . donna ( cont 'd ) I need to get home . dixon yeah . let I see how we be do with that . dixon rise wearily . we track he as he walk to the kitchen , where irene Kelly stand in the doorway . she 's be watch dixon talk to donna and clearly have mix feeling . shore be at the table , underline passage on crinkly fax paper . shore the Herald piece just come across . dixon already ? shore do not exactly wait for comment . dixon Gary see it ? yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 80 . shore we move he to georgetown . Steve and Kitty 's . dixon ( shake he head ) «+ . who he should have fuck be with at the derby . ( turn to irene Kelly ) ok . you turn . Kelly look to dixon . she be not expect this . dixon ( cont 'd ) should not take much . Kelly nod . a complicated look on she face . int . WASHINGTON post newsroom . continuous . Close up on a teletype as it slowly spit out a headline . it 's the Herald story : '' Miami woman link to hart '' and the image of hart in he hoodie below it . a hand grab the sheet just as the next one start to emerge from the machine . it 's Ann devroy . she turn to somebody . devroy you see parker ? int . steve mose 's study , georgetown . late sunday morning . we find hart sit behind a antique desk , unsettle and beat up , read through a sheaf of paper . then a knock on the door jamb and the sound of bag be drop on the floor as dixon and shore enter . dixon how you hold up ? hart ( clearly shake ) when we talk about a digitize economy , I wonder if we have to talk more about equality of opportunity . dixon , confuse , look over at the nearby couch where Wilson and stratton sit . the three aide exchange ' be we really talk about this ? 's look . dixon take a deep breath . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 81 . dixon we can not hide from this , Gary . hart who 's hide ? I be work . dixon .+. we need to say something . hart I have already speak to the person that matter . dixon there be storey be write . right now . hart it 's gossip , dix . it 'il blow over . dixon I do not think it 's blow over . hart 's still look down at he remark . Gary .. dixon ( cont 'd ) we need to go through some thing . this boat cruise I be hearing about , for one , and -- wilson do we think they completely miss the back door of the townhouse ? shore it 's not in the piece . they must not have check . stratton if they do not have she leave ... dixon shore without the back door , the entire article amount to - stratton ( cont 'd ) - garbage . come to think , I do not remember many alleyway in Florida . wilson of course . Florida develop after the industrial revolution . no horse and carriage . it be a primarily front door community ... yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 82. dixon Gary ... hart forget the fuck back door ! the point be it 's nobody 's goddamn business . none of it be . they should not have be there , period . ( beat ) now , if we can all move on . dixon that 's what we be try to do . hart I have be do this for 20 year . so have you . the public do not care about this crap . they will not stand for it . dixon this be not ' 72 . it 's not even ' 82 . it 's different now . I do not know why , but it be . if we get we story down , we can -- hart there be no story ! they can write all this crap all they want , but they will not earn the dignity of my response ! dixon Jesus , Gary . how about we ? do we deserve a response ? hart about this ? no. shore and Wilson look like kid whose parent be fight . dixon I have get a hundred kid unpack box back in Denver right now because we tell they you would do what it take to win . I tell they ! the best and the brightest . they leave family and job . billy leave he fiance -- shore she leave I -- yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 83. dixon people be sacrifice for you . hart I be not sacrifice ? should I sacrifice my privacy ? my self - respect ? it will not just be I who get drag down . none of that kid you be talk about will ever work another campaign where some candidate do not have to account for who come and go from they bedroom . and that 's just the beginning . dixon we be not talk about that . future campaign , at the moment , be not we responsibility . we be talk about how you get through today without pissing away everything we have work for on this campaign ! hart this campaign be about the future , not rumor and sleaze . I care about the sanctity of this process whether you do or do not . and he 's finish . dixon pause . watch . hart ( cont 'd ) ( to Wilson ) I want to reexamine the language on page 17 . it 's not just the specter of a trade war I worry about . it 's the loss of influence globally . off shore and dixon 's look . int . broadhurst 's live room , capitol hill . continuous . irene Kelly and donna sit at the coffee table . kelly ( hold up a coffee ) you sure you do not want any ? donna tea ? yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 84. kelly ( over she shoulder ) can you make a hot tea ? broadhurst ( 0.s. ) yes mar ’am . donna why do Lynn get to leave ? kelly because I be not sure you can trust she . and I do not . donna you be kid . Lynn ? kelly I do not know . donna why be they interrogate I ? kelly the standard practice for a scandal be to get all the damaging fact out yourself - if there be any . so it do not look like you be hide . donna but you will keep I out of it ? my parent will not hear about any of this , will they ? kelly we know what we be do . donna bb do say you might have a job for I . fundraise ? I graduate magna cum laude . kelly that 's impressive . donna do you believe it ? about a job ? kelly you sound pretty qualified . donna it 's just , when you be a model , you know . people just assume . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 85 . kelly that you can not be smart . donna right . kelly ( smile ) I do not have that problem . donna no ! I be not compare . kelly kidding . I mean , I do not have that problem . but I get why you do . broadhurst ( 0.s. ) ( from the kitchen ) honey in it , honey ? Kelly look at donna , who shrug . kelly Southern Comfort ! donna 's eye widen and she actually laugh . broadhurst ( 0.s. ) well all right then ! int . BEN bradlee 's office , WASHINGTON post - afternoon editor and reporter , in weekend clothes , be gather . on tv , a news reporter . logo read - '' follow I around . '' parker they be use my quote . bradlee ( shrugging ) congrat . parker it 's completely out of context . devroy what context ? the only context be that the idiot say '' follow I around '' and then go and fuck he mistress on Capitol Hill . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 86 . parker it be a throwaway line . they be use it after the fact to justify some tabloid bullshit . kaiser would we have stake he out ? if we know about the girl ? parker I hope not . devroy so you get to decide which lie matter and which lie do not ! bradlee all right , all right , enough ! the kid 's right . they be just cover they ass . ( lose in a memory ) so help I this be true . that New year Eve after Jack die , lyndon Johnson sit down with a bunch of we , pull we in close and say , ' boy ? you be gonna see some girl come in and out of my hotel suite , and I want you to give I the same courtesy you give Jack . 's just like that . and we do . we do , goddamnit . broder different time , Ben . bradlee why ? who decide that ? broder the reader . bradlee and if the reader want to see the candidate naked ? devroy well , that 's one kind of measure contest . bradlee what be the limit to we curiosity ? devroy where be he ? yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 87 . parker hart 's go into hide . sweeney will not tell I where . he 's get a big econ speech Tuesday in NY with the newspaper association . broder ( chuckle ) the publisher ... bradlee Iran -contra hearing start this week ? can not make this shit up . parker it 's a big speech . first major policy address since he announce . devroy policy ? be he serious ? bradlee all right . suppose we do something small . write something up from the wire about the Herald 's little expose . devroy be we go after hart or the Herald ? before anyone can answer ... int . hart kitchen , troublesome gulch - afternoon Lee grind coffee as the radio play Travis tritt , surprisingly loud , like she 's try to drow out the world . she hear something in the distance , under the music . she turn off the music and we hear it . a loud rumbling combine with a piercing whine . she stop what she 's do , walk to the front of the house and step out onto the screen in porch . andrea ( 0.s. ) Mom ? Lee do not answer , but we see what she see : a massive satellite truck sit at the front gate . couple sat van sit nearby . diesel generator and pneumatic pump send loud whine into the sky . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 88 . reporter , producer , engineer mill around the gate , unpack equipment . it 's like a invade army . Lee simply reenter the house , walk back into the kitchen . andrea ( cont 'd ) Mom , what 's happen ? lee it 's a invasion . andrea I do not understand . int . hart campaign headquarters , denver . a hour later . sweeney ( on he phone , pace ) Maureen ! listen to what I be tell you ! they be hide in the bush , ok ? like fuck scavenger . be that journalism ? behind he , a chaotic scene with phone ringing constantly . we see staffer answer question . Joe ( former owner of brainy smurf ) shuffles up and motion to sweeney that he have another call . joe Mrs. hart . on four . sweeney Maureen , I gotta go . please do I a favor and ask you editor to remember they run the New York Fucking Times , ok ? not US weekly . ( beat ) oh , that 's funny . you be hilarious . sweeney slam the phone down . he 's about to pick up Lee on line four when he make eye contact with emerson . emerson you do not think he actually ...? sweeney ( to Joe trippi ) you get a car ? trippi do not . sweeney toss he he key . take a deep breath , then pick up the phone . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 89 . ext . hart cabin , troublesome gulch . sunday dusk . a old jeep wrangler barrel up the gravel road , past a line of five or six sat van . it screech to a halt outside the front gate , kick up a cloud of dust . Joe trippi get out and gawk at the truck . he turn around and nearly slam into a boom mic . a pack of reporter close in on he . woman correspondent who be you ? man correspondent be you with the hart campaign ? trippi I have , uh , get no comment for you . I be sorry . woman correspondent when be Lee come out ? will there be a statement ? a slick reporter approach , camera already roll . steve dunleavy hello young man , Steve dunleavy . a current affair . who be you go to see in there ? trippi ( bewilder ) a current affair ? trippi continue , finally get through the gate . he 's about to keep walk when he spot a tabloid photographer up in a old oak tree , try to get a angle into the cabin . trippi ( cont 'd ) hey ! what the fuck ? get down from there ! int . hart cabin , troublesome gulch . moment later Lee hart answer the door for trippi . trippi hi , Joe trippi mar 'am . here to help . lee okay , what 's you plan ? yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 90 . Joe go to speak , but have nothing . Lee smile . int . check in desk , dulle airport HOTEL - night irene step away from the desk with a room key to find donna lose in think . kelly it 's only one night . donna nod , sullenly . kelly ( cont 'd ) I see a bar . int . '' wheel up '' bar , dulle airport HOTEL - later end of the bar . empty glass beginning to stack . kelly that 's my one time in Miami ! shit - face , lose and bum a ride off some lecherous guy I know I have never see again ! donna guy in Miami ... one of my ex - boyfriend have he car repo have while we be at the movie . kelly seriously ? donna I still can not see Indiana Jones without picture Ed clausen cry in the parking lot . ( they laugh ) another 's in jail for sell blow . kelly Jesus . donna yeah . even my mom do not know about that . donna nod in agreement as the waiter set down 2 more beer . donna ( cont 'd ) Gary 's so different . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 91 . Kelly flinch at the sound of he name , but hide it . kelly how so ? donna he ask about I . even if nothing come of it . I feel like I can just be quiet with he . myself . you ever have that feel ? kelly do the senat ... Gary know you be a model ? do you show he picture ? donna oh God , no . do not get the wrong idea . I do tasteful shoot . toothpaste . jeans . kelly you do not ...? donna no ! ( long beat ) I mean ... one time , during a shoot , a photographer I think be a friend of mine talk I into pose with nothing but a american flag . patriotism , you know . and when I see they later ... ( quieter ) my boob be hang out . kelly some friend ! donna right ? I be so mad . I be way more selective now . you have to be smart . kelly you be . donna thank you . come from someone like you . I mean . look at where you be . beat as Kelly take a drink , look at donna . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 92 . kelly I be sorry you get catch up in this , donna . this whole world we be in . none of it 's make sense right now . you should be somewhere else . ext . outside the mose home , georgetown . sunday night . dixon , carry he bag , stand with shore on the sidewalk . shore it have to mean something , right ? if she swear it be a job interview . dixon 's look off , down the street , watch something , lose in think . dixon I have know Gary a long time . in ' 84 we be in this hotel , I forget which one . I and Gary and Warren beatty . and Gary start wigging out because now , you know , he might actually win the thing , and he 's grill the secret service agent . ( as hart ) ' what if I be president and I want to fly to Boulder for the day and shop for use book with my kid ? what about my private time ? 's and Warren go , ' Gary , you be not get it . there be no privacy . the camera go everywhere now . 's a cab pull up . dixon wave to the driver . dixon ( cont 'd ) Gary 's confound . ' that 's Hollywood , Warren . that 's the paparazzi . that 's not politics . 's shore he 's right , be not he ? we see what dixon 's be look at -- a female reporter with a notebook a few house down , knock on door , a cameraman wait behind she . they be close in . dixon open the cab door . dixon I do not know . be he ? yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 93. prelap : the sound of a whirring chopper . int . front porch , troublesome gulch . monday morning . trippi , sprawle on a wicker couch with a blanket , stir awake from the sound of the chopper close overhead , he rise and go to the screen door . in the distance , a mob of reporter be set up they stakeout equipment for the day and drink coffee outside the front gate like they own the place . int . hart kitchen , troublesome gulch . continuous . trippi shuffles in groggily and see Lee at the stove , she back turn to he . andrea 's at the farmhouse - style table . trippi be you able to sleep ? Lee just give he a look and slide some scramble egg onto he plate . andrea have she head in a cup of coffee . a rotary phone be ringing harshly . the ringing stop . trippi ( cont 'd ) you could take that off the hook . lee it 's unlist . not many people have the number . ( beat while he eat ) jesse Jackson call . andrea really ? lee just tell I to keep my chin up . he 's a lovely man . strange . Lee take another look through the window . she observe the news van and journalist campe out at she gate . lee ( cont 'd ) all this people want to feel anger and outrage for I , but it do not belong to they . it 's my anger . they can not have it . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 94 , trippi it , er , it will not be easy get out that gate . lee we will figure it out . I think I 'il be ready to fly soon . andrea what ? lee I need to see my husband . andrea mom. seriously ? lee I have spend thirty year of my life with you father . I have make many allowance ... Lee see the disappointment in she daughter 's eye . lee ( cont 'd ) you think I should feel humiliate . trippi and andrea say nothing . lee ( cont 'd ) feeling that simple be a privilege of be young . we marriage be complicated . so be we love for one another . ( to trippi ) you marry , Joe ? trippi yes , mar ’am . just last year . lee I think you 'il find that it 's more complex than what they say at the altar . andrea you should let he deal with this . lee he will . andrea but you be just let he off the hook ! yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 95 . lee ( a sharp look ) andrea ... I go to a nazarene College . we invent penance . omitted int . concourse , miami INTERNATIONAL - monday morning . as they approach the escalator to the land side , Kelly take donna 's arm and stop she . passenger continue to stream by . kelly we have get a car wait downstairs . it will take you wherever you need . donna thank you . kelly and we have get a guy here in Miami . a lawyer who can -- donna thank you , but I just want -- kelly let I just give you he number . donna really , irene . I do not know what I would have do without you . but I just want to get home . she hug Kelly quickly and turn to descend a escalator into the baggage claim area . she 's have a moment to herself . her first in a while , when suddenly - a camera flash . below , we see a gather mob . the question be aggressive . shouter 1 donna ! donna Rice ! look up here , please ! donna ( bewilder ) how do you know my name ? shouter 2 be you and Gary in love ? yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 96 . donna in love ? how do you ...? shouter 2 shouter 3 be you boyfriend a drug do you have tie to the drug dealer ? trade ? donna ( cont 'd ) no ... I do not know what you be talk about . shouter 1 be the boat really call monkey Business ? donna ( recoil and shaking ) I be just ... just try to go home . shouter 2 what kind of erotic picture can we expect to find from you ? donna look back for Kelly , tear swell . she can barely see she walk away . donna turn back around . she look frighten and shattered . the shout of she name continue to build as we suddenly ... CUT to : a television - iran - contra hearing fawn hall as a secretary , you see you boss shredd document ... reveal , we be at a ... int . airport bar , miami INTERNATIONAL - moment later irene Kelly sip a much need drink . half watch fawn Hall testify about Oliver North on television . int . BEN bradlee 's office , WASHINGTON post . day . a television play the same hearing . we pull out to find bradlee , devroy , kaiser , and broder watch the hearing with fascination . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 97 . a clerk tap on the door frame . he 's hold a padd envelope . no one hear he amongst the ad-libbed response to Hall 's testimony . he knock a little louder . broder see he and point to the desk . the clerk set it down on bradlee 's heavy desk . he hang back for a moment ... broder what , be you wait for a tip ? the clerk scurries off . int . HOTEL bar , new york - night Wilson and shore be have a drink . the tonight show lead - in play on a old tv . tv announcer ( 0.s. ) next up , johnny 's get George c. Scott and gymnast kristie Phillips ! wilson something 's be bother I . ( off shore 's look ) I mean , he see the entire chessboard at all time . he look at the country and see decade ahead of anyone . how the hell do he not see this come ? shore he have say - it 's Chinatown , Jake . ( off Wilson 's look ) it 's just fuck . wilson be we just spin we wheel ? when do we know we be dead ? shore we have a dinner at sorenson 's place tonight . raise four hundred thousand dollar . Wilson take this positive news in . we see he visibly relax . don pardo ( 0.s. ) ... the tonight show with johnny carson ! and heeeer 's johnny ! we hear the familiar open music in the background . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 98 . carson ( from actual footage ) by the way , before the monologue begin . if Gary hart be watch , you might want to hit the mute button on you remote control . Wilson and shore share a look of death . int . SMALL bedroom , new york - night hart 's lie on the bed in he undershirt . he 's read through he speech while make note on a legal pad . the tv be on in the background . carson I really do not need a monologue tonight . I will just bring out and read the front page of newspaper around the country . it be get so wild that people stand in supermarket be rush out to buy regular newspaper . hart put down he note and grab the remote to turn it up . carson ( cont 'd ) USA today be advertising number to call . it 's kind of a poll . you can call in a 800 number , one number , if you think the press coverage have be fair . there 's another 800 number you call if you think it 's be unfair . and there 's a third 800 number to call if you want to meet donna Rice . loud laughter and hoot ... and then zap -- carson disappear and the screen go black . hart 's hold the remote , freeze . he pick up a legal pad . int . / ext . town car , manhattan . next morning . hart 's in the back seat , go over he speech throughout . stratton 's in the front passenger seat , next to shore behind the wheel . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 99 . hart stratton ( distract ) left. rusting industrial base ... deteriorate public infrastructure ... decline system of public education ... astounding accumulation of public and private debt ... shore on 49th ? stratton we be go in the front . hart have dix see what they have get ? shore you sure ? stratton right up there ... hart billy ? shore dix have not be back to the office . the car be slow to a stop outside the hotel . flash ... hart you have call he ? before shore can answer ... wham ! - a body sprawl onto the windshield . flash ! - the photog on the hood click away . flash , flash , flash . paparazzi surround the car and bang up against the window . stratton Jesus ! stratton jump out and pull the photographer off the hood of the car , before hopping back in . stratton ( cont ’d ) go! gol shore go where ?! yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 100 . stratton shore ( cont 'd ) pull away ! I can not pull away ! I x11 kill somebody ! stratton ( open he door ) get out of the car ! let 's go ! shore open he door and stratton come around , pull a deeply rattle hart from the car . stratton push he way through the scrum to the car . stratton ( cont 'd ) this way ! c’mon ! they guide hart through the throng of shout , shove photographer toward the front door of the waldorf astoria . int . grand ballroom , waldorf astoria . 10 minute later . hart still rattle by the attack outside , sit on the dais next to Senator bob dole . the room buzze with anticipation . a emcee give a dry introduction in the background . dole so .... how be you weekend , Gary ? dole crack a smile . hart laugh despite himself . something in the balcony catch he attention . he shade he eye and peer into the light . hart be that Tom ? dole huh ? hart brokaw . be that brokaw ? here ? the lens reach into the balcony to see tom brokaw and he crew frantically set up in the balcony , which be pack elbow - to - elbow with reporter and camera . dole ( droll ) guess they be really curious about you economics plan . hart shake he head . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 101 . dole ( cont 'd ) Hell of a deal , Gary . Hell of a deal . hart look around the room . he notice martindale sit down along the dais . he pull he speech from he pocket and begin to scribble further . we move up into the balcony . parker sit among a group of reporter on the riser where the camera be set up . he clock hart jotting note . mcdaniel ( be : something else ) Jesus , that 's ball . parker huh ? mcdaniel nod to a place across the riser , where fiedler be stand alone . parker ( cont 'd ) Front row seat . back on stage , we find shore in the wing . weinberg , the reporter from the beginning of the film approach . weinberg billy shore . you hear stevie wonder will not play Arizona until they recognize Martin luther King Day ? shore nothing to announce , Alan . weinberg ( smile ) I all keep ask . CUT to : int . grand ballroom , waldorf astoria . 20 minute later . two row of suit - n- tie man be on the dais . hart be now speak at the podium . hart good afternoon . thank you . I be here today to talk to you about America 's future . that 's what my campaign be and ought to be about . ( more ) yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 102. hart ( cont 'd ) but with you permission , I would like to address the event of the last three day that you have no doubt be discuss amongst yourselves . Quick shot of parker , rivete . other amongst the press lean in . lense zooming . hart ( cont 'd ) last weekend , a newspaper publish a misleading story that hurt my family and reflect badly upon my character . Quick shot of fiedler , soaking in he watergate moment . hart ( cont ’d ) this story be write by reporter who by they own admission , undertake a spotty surveillance ... we catch martindale from the Miami Herald along one of the arm of the day . he roll he eye and whisper loudly ... martindale Jesus Christ , man the lifeboat ... hart what be that ? a freeze beat between the two of they . martindale give a nod and a gesture - keep go , you be do fine on you own . hart ( cont ’d ) something you would like to say ? we see shore and stratton at one of the table on the floor . stratton fuck . what do we ? I can yell fire . shore he 's get this . back to hart . unmove . hart be there something you have like to ask I ? or do the Miami Herald prefer to chat in alleyway ? Light laughter . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 103 . martindale ( speak loudly ) Senator , this be not a story about the Miami Herald . this be a story about Gary hart 's judgment . hart can we get he ... ( aside ) can we get he a microphone ? staffer move a cable microphone to martindale . martindale ( now on mic ) we stand by the essential correctness of we story . hart the essential correctness ? more laughter from the audience . martindale this be a story about a marry man who spend a considerable amount of time with a unmarried woman . we have never speculate on what go on ... hart if I may , it 's because you simply do not know ... despite hide in the bush outside my home . we briefly find fiedler in the audience . fiedler ( quietly ) I be not in he fuck bush . martindale we know you call donna Rice several time from the campaign trail . we know she be see leave you town house in Washington ... hart well be she leave or not ? in you story she do not leave my home . now , you be say she do . martindale Senator , when we interview you ... yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 104 . hart you newsmen accost I in my alleyway . some interview . martindale with all due respect ... hart it 's a little late for respect , sir . you ambush I outside my home in the middle of the night after put I under some half - baked stake out ... during which , you crack report team fail to realize my home have a back door . martindale ( you be go with that ? ) a back door ? hart some surveillance be no better than zero surveillance . in fact , it 's worse . martindale you do you job , we will do ours . hart it would be a welcome change . martindale throw he hand in exasperation . meanwhile parker furiously take note . hart ( cont 'd ) now if no one else mind , I have like to discuss something a little more exciting . economics . laughter as we close in on fiedler , also take note , when a flash suddenly distract he . fiedler look up to see a photographer snap away at he . he look around and notice other journalist take note of he . he 's become part of the story and he do not like it . omitted omitted yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 105 . ext . highway to new hampshire - day the hart campaign bus work its way up a hill . int . hart campaign bus - day hart , shore , and sweeney huddle around a table as staffer work furiously around they . a staffer be pass out sandwich to the man . there 's a bit of ad-libbed confusion over who order what . shore back to New Hampshire . wilson live free or die . emerson wonder how many people pick '' die '' ? hart I can not keep answer this question . sweeney one more presser . we let they ask whatever they want and we put it to bed . get back to big idea . ted koppel ( prelap ) well , you have concede that you be not able to watch the back of he townhouse ... CUT to : a broadcast of nightline footage of Ted koppel interview Tom fiedler . ted koppel ... and that , therefore , the lady in question may have leave when you think she be still there . fiedler ( sweat and stammer ) well , that 's , um ... that 's ... I mean , Mr. koppel . Ted ... ( more ) yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 106 . fiedler ( cont 'd ) if we be concede that we be not as good as the FBI at conduct surveillance , then I think we have no problem agree to that . but -- ted koppel hold on . that 's cute , but that 's not the point . do she spend the night with he or do not she spend the night with he ? fiedler right . well , not right . I mean , the basis of we report be that Senator hart have this ongoing relationship with this woman who , again , be not he wife . a single woman ... ted koppel you have speak several time , Mr. fiedler , about the relationship . and of course , relationship be one of that load word that suggest that somehow there 's be a tryst go on . fiedler no. no , I ...i ... I have not suggest , you know -- ted koppel well you have suggest it . you have not say it , but you have certainly suggest it . fiedler ( flail ) I think a relationship simply mean there be , you know , dealing between two people . there be -- ted koppel well you be not suggest a professional relationship . you be suggest a romantic relationship . reveal : yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 107 . sony trinitron tv - showing '' nightline '' fiedler well . no. I , uh , I guess we mean a , you know , non-political relationship . koppel be not impressed . ted koppel I can imagine what it 's like , because I be a reporter too and I have be in similar situation . let I put to you a alternative question . this be not a competitive story . nobody be breathe down you neck . you could have wait twenty four hour ... and get it right . fiedler ( dumbfounded ) I believe we do get it right . ted koppel be this a story that the Miami Herald drop now ? fiedler look at koppel . do not feel like watergate . reveal : int . BEN bradlee 's office , WASHINGTON post . evening . the sound from the tv fade into the bg . parker be watch with a big grin , when he notice the rest of the office have focus on something else . bradlee be leaf through photo from the padd envelope reveal earlier . kaiser , broder , and devroy be experience a collective emotional kidney stone . bradlee fuck I . Close the blind , would you ? broder I know this broad . Broad ? - devroy shoot a look to broder . kaiser ( hold out a pack ) gum ? who ? yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 108 . bradlee yeah , she 's a lobbyist . broder ( to kaiser ) no , thanks . bradlee run I through this again . devroy they be part of a pi report . a certain Senator think he wife be sleep with hart . bradlee Jesus , this guy ... devroy kaiser we be think tyding ... devroy but as it turn out , hart be not fuck Mrs. tyding . he 's be schtupping this other woman . we see a few photo up close - a smart look political woman be embracing hart and let he into she house . broder what a town . bradlee how do we get this ? devroy anonymous package . bradlee I hate that . you get something to say - say it . ( to kaiser ) give I some of that gum . kaiser you think tyding send it ? devroy but why ? broder be we go to even talk about Bush ? hart 's run against the former head of the CIA . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 109 . bradlee not yet , he 's not . devroy no return address , no note . just a date . six month ago . kaiser well there 's you other shoe , Ben . bradlee yup . parker I mean , just because a unmark envelope land in we lap . that do not obligate we to ... devroy it 's a pattern of behavior . womanize . lies . parker he 's not lie to we . devroy Christ , do not be so naive . bradlee I have no doubt the same envelope probably land in the lap of three other enterprise reporter . parker okay , I mean , can not we let some other paper run gossip as front page news . do not mean we ... bradlee but it do , aj . it do now. ( professorial ) we decline to publish , and then some other pissant paper run with it anyway ... I do not know , the poughkeepsie Journal ... or the Miami Herald ... or the New York Times ... and the tvs go fuck apeshit over the story . and we get on we high horse and say , well we still do not think it 's news , because after all we do not think it be news before , right ? ( more ) yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 110 . bradlee ( cont 'd ) and now the wire be run a story about how we will not cover the only thing anyone in the entire country be talk about , and , so on and so on . a beat of silence . bradlee look to broder - what do you think ...? broder shake he head - no . int . break room , WASHINGTON post - evening parker walk up to find devroy make coffee by herself . parker why do you hate he so much ? devroy I do not hate Gary hart . I do not think I trust he ... parker that 's one approach . devroy that 's my job . parker to pass judgement ? devroy to be skeptical . I do not think he own wife trust he . why should I ? parker I think you should trust he on the thing that matter . devroy okay , I question he respect for woman . parker be you kid I ? he love woman . too much , frankly ... devroy he use they . parker be not we be a little precious here ? he 's smart and handsome and this woman be throw themselves at he ... yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) lll . devroy he 's a man with power and opportunity and that take a certain responsibility . if he be some day trader screwing cocktail girl , I could handle just not like he ... but as we potential next president , as a woman , that make I nervous ... and as a journalist , you should care . parker I think you be be a little sensitive . devroy oh , fuck you . you know what name I would like to hear Gary hart say ? donna Rice . parker ( combative ) what exactly be he suppose to say ? devroy I do not know . I be not run for president . he be . and now we get to see what he do when he 's under pressure . he throw a woman under the campaign bus . devroy leave with she coffee . a nearby clerk motion for parker 's attention . int . dartmouth inn , hanover , nh - night we find irene Kelly , subdued , inside a phone booth . dial number . it 's late . a hotel worker vacuum . intercut with - int . bill dixon 's apartment - night the phone be ringing . we turn to see dixon in he favorite chair , watch the baseball game . he ignore the income call for a long time , then finally lift the receiver . dixon yeah ? kelly you be miss all the excitement . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) dixon ( a beat ) thank God . kelly look like we be turn the corner out here . I could get you a flight . dixon have no response . perhaps Kelly expect that . dixon what 's on you mind ? kelly I just keep think ... this be never go to be over for she . every time she apply for a job ... she do not have a staff of overeducate volunteer . as far as I can tell , she 's alone . a long pause . kelly ( cont 'd ) you get anything for I ? dixon think . he can not tell she that she 's wrong . dixon Buck up kid . you have get work to do . Kelly nod . suck it up . int . VIP suite , dartmouth inn - next morning hart , stripped to he sleeveless undershirt and still in suit pants , be do push-up . sweat bead on he face and he huff . we watch he do a couple . shore ( 0.s. ) they do not have a podium . hart I do not need one . wilson ( to stratton ) you could not get a podium ? stratton do not start with I . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 113. sweeney ( 0.s. ) how're voter suppose to believe you ?! you have clearly be lie ! hart they will or they will not . I do not think they much care . we see shore sit in plush chair nearby , sip a Coke . sweeney be pace . hart pop up . sweeney ( friendly again ) you can cite the poll here . hart I do not care about poll . shore & wilson ( finish each other 's thought ) yes you do . Gallup just come out of the field - do you think the media go too far in its report on Senator hart 's private life ? 64 percent say yes . do you think a candidate 's behavior in he Marriage be relevant to he qualification as president ? 38 percent say yes . 52 percent no . sweeney take that , fucker . hart 64 percent . get it . wilson ( quietly to shore ) they 'il ask about phone call . hart uh-huh . I call lot of people . sweeney right . that 's fine . kelly be we go to bring up donna Rice ? the mention of she name chill the room . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 114 . kelly ( cont 'd ) we could ask the pool to respect she privacy ? sweeney be you fuck nut ? kelly it could be see as a noble gesture . Kelly look to hart for a response , but get nothing . shore ( to hart ) they may ask you about , you know ... woman . hart they can talk to irene or Ginny . anyone who 's work for I ... sweeney & shore yeah , I think what billy mean ... have there be other . woman that be not ... you wife . hart ( turn quickly ) now you have get to be kid I ! I be not go to answer that ! not for they and not for you ! that 's nobody 's goddamn business ! sweeney that 's it ! that 's perfect . that 's you answer . there 's a knock at the door . it open , revealing lee hart . the team quickly begin gather they thing to leave . shore I ’'1l come back when it 's time . the door close behind they , leave just Gary and Lee . he 's sit on the edge of the bed , unsure whether to move . Lee walk to the window . hart I ... I be sorry ... I ... hart bow yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 115 . lee I have wake up the last two morning to the sound of helicopter . they be wait at we gate . dozen of they . truck with satellite . they trash litter all over we driveway . hart how 's andrea ? lee she 's disappointed . he head in shame . lee ( cont 'd ) ( stoic ) just to leave we home , she have to climb in the back seat . one of you staffer throw a old blanket over we daughter . that 's how she leave we house . hiding like a criminal . like she should be ashamed . hart ( stumbling ) this people should be ashamed ... ( add ) the public will not stand for it . lee ( stare out the window ) right . hart Lee ... I be so sorry . lee I can imagine . sorry you get yourself in this mess . ( scoff ) I be sorry too . Gary want to apologize but do not know how . hart I feel so foolish . lee maybe I be the foolish one . I give you all that rope and then I trip over it . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 116 . Lee begin walk to Gary . lee ( cont 'd ) be you think of I when you be flirt with this girl ? be you think of I on that boat when you be make she laugh in front of fifty other people ? be you think of I when you invite she into we home ? Gary shake he head then drop it . a long beat . hart be you leave I ? lee I do not fly across the country just to say goodbye . that 's what phone be for . hart you think you can you accept my apology ? lee not right now - not yet - maybe at some point . and that might feel like a burden . it should . you hurt I ... and you need to know that . you need to feel it . carry it so I do not have to . ( a beat ) there will be a time for we to talk about why you do this and why I should ever trust you again . but that will have to wait . when it 's just the two of we . Lee now stand before he as he sit hunch on the bed . he reach out and wrap he arm around she torso , hugging she . she rest she hand on he shoulder . int . WASHINGTON post - evening devroy be work with a layout editor at a light table . layout editor if we push the girl scout diamond anniversary to page three , we will have to lose the picture . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 117 . devroy fuck . I like the picture . be this to make room for the tank piece ? bradlee wander in . devroy ( cont 'd ) ( to layout ) find a way to save the girl scout . bradlee and devroy begin move copy on the light table absentmindedly as they discuss the follow . bradlee at some point we need to draw a line in the sand . we might not agree where that line be ... devroy where do honesty fall ? bradlee ask a man enough question and you be go to reach a point where he either have to lie or simply refrain from answer , which be kind of the same as lie . devroy maybe if he do not put himself ina position where he need to lie . bradlee I be talk about what 's relevant . some paper be go to want to know if the president can still get it up or if the first lady still go down on he ... devroy I be not ask to know any of that . bradlee but we be open a door ... I do not know . maybe the door 's already open . devroy I be a reporter . I can only work with what 's present to I . I follow lead . I look for the truth . and the truth be he lie to he wife and then he lie to all of we . be that relevant ? yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 118 . int . parker' cubicle , WASHINGTON post —- evening bradlee walk by parker 's desk . he drop the envelope of photo with a meaningful look . bradlee you have a train to catch . put he hand on parker 's shoulder and keep move . ext . dartmouth inn , hanover , nh - next morning the news van have assemble . it 's as bad as we have see it . int . dartmouth inn restaurant - morning shore walk up the staircase to the second floor dining area . the place buzze with anticipation . we find parker at a table with a notepad and coffee . at another table , mcdaniel , weinberg , and shanahan watch parker with mix envy . shanahan follow I . weinberg can you believe that ? he just stumble into a pulitzer . mcdaniel I do not know . shanahan what do not you know ? mcdaniel I want my president to be smarter than I , not try to outsmart I . broder sit with the older crew - germond , broder , wynman . shore come walk through and germond grab he attention . wyman let Gary know we be around if he want a drink ? with old friend ? shore the senator be unavailable . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 119 . shore keep walk . germond take in the moment . the other at the table weigh the feel of be shut out . broder stand up and walk over to aj parker . broder you know you do not have to do this . parker look up in question . broder ( cont 'd ) you think you be the first guy he ask ? off parker 's look , broder keep walk . parker nod . int . hart 's HOTEL room - morning evidence of hart have sleep on the sofa . Gary and Lee get ready in silence . there 's a distance though they be prepare for battle together . Lee give she husband a look . she fix he tie . news about hart play on the tv . prelap of the press conference - a dozen camera fire away . hart ( 0.s. ) yes , over there , Ann . int . dartmouth inn banquet room , hanover , nh , afternoon we be in a tight room with no raise platform or podium . hart stand surround by over one hundred sit journalist and photographer . Close enough to bite he . his team lean against the wall along with Lee who stand by irene Kelly . mcdaniel do not this episode call you judgment as a leader into question ? hart yes , I suppose I make some mistake . but I think judgment , like character , have to be measure in the full context of a career . I think what I have undertake in the Senate , the plan I have outline for the nation , speak to my judgment . I be not aware of anyone have question my integrity as a public servant . various reporter Senator hart ! Senator ! over here ! yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 120 . we see stratton , on all four , try to body - block the crowd of reporter from hart . a quick look at lee. smiling and compose . then we see parker watch she . hart yes . germond you be quote once as say you love danger . be that why you think you put yourself in this position ? hart ( smile ) I do not love it that much , Jack . laughter among the press corps . a release of tension . angle on shore , sweeney , Wilson exchange a relieved glance . shanahan you say there 's no relationship . be you willing to take a lie detector test ? hart I think the voter be a pretty good lie detector test . broder and germond chuckle . weinberg will they believe you ? hart well , I think they do . the last poll I see say that most voter think the Herald be out of line . more than 60 percent , in fact . sweeney 64 percent . hart when the number be in you favor , always be specific . another chuckle from the group . more shout for attention . hart ( cont ’d ) ( point towards parker ) yes. yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 121. parker and another reporter hesitate , unsure of which one hart 's point to . hart ( cont 'd ) Mr. parker . go ahead . parker steady himself . parker ( voice quivering ) yes. Senator . thank you . good afternoon . hart good afternoon to you , aj . glad you could make it . parker yes . Senator , in you speech yesterday you raise the issue of morality . I have like to , um , ask you what you mean , specifically , by that . I have a series of question , if you do not mind . hart all right . parker when you say you do nothing ' immoral 's , do you mean that you have no sexual relationship with donna Rice , last weekend or at any other time ? hart I have say there be no relationship . that 's correct . a pause . parker continue . parker do you believe that adultery be immoral ? hart do I ...? well , yes . I do . hart 's team grow uncomfortable with where this be go . parker Senator . have you ever commit adultery ? yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 122. it get so quiet , we almost hear a gasp in the group . older reporter shake they head in disbelief . Lee 's face fall . we can see sweeney hope for hart to come back swinging ... come on ... come on ... sweeney ( under he breath ) say it ... say it ... hart open he mouth , but freeze . no sound emerge . he look to Lee . he look to he foot . hart i...i ... I guess I do not think that 's a fair question . it 's a flinch . the campaign team bow they head as the room go mad with question and camera flash , arm lift for follow up question . wyman , a photographer we recognise from earlier bar scene , a friend of hart , make eye contact with hart ... then go back to take photo . we see broder leave the room . hart and Lee exchange a look amidst the noise ... too many question at once . and then quiet . int . inside the campaign bus - day the hart and they entourage sit quietly . they be shell - shocked . for a long moment , no one speak . sweeney be we do the last event ? hart 's rummage in he suit pocket distractedly . shore suppose to have a town Hall in littleton . hart produce a small blue figurine from he pocket . he examine it in wonder . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) lee what 's that ? hart I believe it 's call a smurf . shore brainy smurf , actually . int . restaurant of the littleton inn - day a waiter clear plate from the table where hart , Lee , stratton and Wilson be eat . shore Kevin 's right . waiter can I get you folk dessert ? shore keep on push . it 's early . we take it on the chin and then pack the schedule as tight as we can . stratton I all take a coffee . lee same here . 123. shore , the waiter be look at Gary , who stare straight ahead . lee ( cont 'd ) Gary ? hart hm ? lee coffee ? hart wave off the waiter . move to the entrance of the restaurant . sweeney be return from the bathroom . he 's stop by parker , who be hold a now familiar padd envelope . parker I need time with the candidate . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 124. sweeney ( venom ) be you fuck kid I ? parker something 's come up . I have some question . sweeney you think anyone 's let you anywhere near they candidate ? parker come on , man ... sweeney oh , and I use to steal beer from the corner deli in high school ... I try coke at berkley ... and I cheat on my girlfriend . twice . just to save you the time . parker start open the padd envelope . we move back to the hart table . shore maybe we move up military reform . do a big rollout here . stratton yeah . it 's just ... lee ( to Gary ) I need to call andrea . i’1l be right back . shore find a couple dime for Lee . hart kind of nod as we follow Lee to the pay phone on the wall . she begin to dial . back to hart and the campaign team . we begin to push on hart as the chatter between shore and stratton become a low whisper . just noise along with the silverware . stratton I be all for shaking more hand . I be just not sure I can get he anywhere near they just yet . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 125 . shore waiter could call Denver , get some ( return ) more body -- Fresh coffee . on the house . stratton ( cont 'd ) what if ... we book some tv time . I mean , how long would it take to shoot a 30 - minute spot ? wilson say what ? shore can we pay for that ? stratton go directly to the voter . talk about reporter out of control , invasion of privacy . hart look to the entrance . he sees sweeney and parker . sweeney be leaf through photo . his posture fall . hart lean towards irene Kelly for a moment . hart any word from Miami ? kelly how do you mean ? hart be she okay ? kelly I do not know how you want I to answer that . hart 's face tighten . he nod . registering the guilt . back to sweeney and parker . sweeney now leaf through the photo . his face do not betray he feeling . he look up . sweeney congratulation . you just become the National Enquirer . you be fifty cent at the register . back to the campaign team . they conversation be down to a whisper . the noise of the restaurant continue to build . shore I be not sure enough people would see it . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 126. stratton if the media will not talk about it ... wilson we would need a national buy . stratton where the hell be dixon ? and then hart hear lee on the phone cut through the rest . he turn to the pay phone . Lee be clearly emotional . hart stand up and walk over to he wife . lee ( emotional on the phone ) ok , you be home now ? and you be safe ? we faintly hear andrea 's voice crying as she speak . hart be slowly crack . lee ( cont 'd ) ( on phone ) it 's outrageous . they cannot , they will not hound you like this . they should not be anywhere near you . we will take care of this . Lee 's eye begin to tear up as Gary pull she into he arm -— a family just try to hold on . hart ( quietly ) Lee . it 's time to go home . we move back to the campaign table . sweeney be join the table , but stratton , shore , and Wilson have already clocked the hart at the pay phone . it could not be more clear . it 's over . ext . driveway , troublesome gulch , colorado . morning . we see the wagoneer weaving through the news van . ext . hart 's front porch , troublesome gulch - day trippi pour ice tea for the campaign team as hart write note on a legal pad . ad -libbed thanks and comment , but it 's mostly quiet . stratton look out the side , check out the helicopter with bewilderment . shore pull he away . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 127 . hart pause . he look out into the tree - vast beautiful Colorado . it 's wild and unmistakably american . hart you know , when General Lee resign he commission in the union army to command the confederate force , he have to leave he house in Washington behind . the campaign team turn to listen . as do Lee , even though she 's hear this story before . hart ( cont ’d ) the union inform lincoln and ask if they should tear it down - Light it on fire , what have you ... but lincoln have a different idea . he tell they to bury the confederate soldier in Lee 's backyard . stratton Jesus . hart that 's how we get Arlington cemetery . hart look at he backyard - a infinite run of tree lead to red mountain . int . hart campaign office , denver - morning for the first time - quiet . a couple people answer phone . dixon approach terzano . her eye be red . he hand she a envelope from a stack . she eye he quizzically . dixon ( off she look ) Cash it before the end of the day . dixon move to Bill Martin and hand he a envelope . int . corridor , executive tower inn , denver - morning prelap : the rapid click of a hundred camera shutter yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 128 . hart ( 0.s. ) in public life , somethings may be interesting , but that do not necessarily mean they be important . hart be move down a line of he campaign team , shaking hand . in effect , say goodbye to they . at 51 , he be about to walk way from public service for the rest of he life . each good bye carry its own weight - stratton . emerson . Wilson . Kelly . sweeney . shore . int . HOTEL room , executive tower inn - day hart enter to find Lee wait for he . he sit across from she . for a moment they just stare at each other . we can tell by they body language that this be the beginning of a difficult conversation . what will be the first of many . but we cannot hear they . Rather , we give they they privacy . meanwhile , in the corner on a television , we see hart at a podium with no note , give he farewell . int . executive tower ballroom ( on tv ) - day the camera scan the crowd then cut to hart at the podium . hart ( on tv ) clearly , under present circumstance , this campaign can not go on . I refuse to submit my family and my friend to further rumor and gossip . it 's a intolerable situation . in the room : hart reach for Lee 's hand . on tv : we see a brief moment of parker watch . hart ( on tv ) ( cont ’d ) but we be all go to have to seriously question the system for select we national leader that have reporter in bush and photographer peek in we window . that reduce the press of this nation into hunter and the presidential candidate into the hunt . on tv : as hart gather himself , we see Kelly , stand with shore and Wilson , start to cry . yellow Rev. ( 9/15/17 ) 129 . hart ( cont 'd ) after which , ponderous pundit wonder in mock seriousness why some of the best people in the country choose not to run for high office . Politics in this country be on the verge of become another form of athletic competition or sport . we have all better do something to make this system work , or we be all go to be soon rephrasing jefferson to say : I tremble for my country when I think we may , in fact , get the kind of leader we deserve . the tv go out of focus . we push in on the hart as Lee take Gary 's hand into she own . CUT to black .