the next three day written by Paul haggis shoot script August 6 , 2009 fade in : 1 int . suv -- day 1 no sound . we be in a speed suv . the passenger , lara , unsnap she seat belt and reach for the door handle . the driver , JOHN , see she door open and dive to grab she . the suv spin , horn blare , tire screech , car swerve to avoid collision . we be not sure what be happen , but we know something have go terribly wrong . cut to black . read : the last three year 2 int . steak house -- night 2 two couple sit at a table , pick at dessert , JOHN and lara brennan on one side , mick and erit on the other . JOHN be attractive in a wear kind of way , but have the eye of a kid with a discipline problem . you have to really know he to understand if he be mock you or agree with you . he be a master of irony and have a true enjoyment of the absurd . lara look beautiful even in she wrinkle suit . she appear to have have a hard day at the office . she 's be drink at dinner ; it have not ease she nerve . John 's good - look brother , mick , boast he blue collar root and a gorgeous , if slightly trashy , girlfriend , erit , who be not ashamed of she body or share she opinion . JOHN and mick be laugh . lara put cash on the tray beside Mick 's credit card . lara you know what ? if you be smart you would stop talk right now . erit Sue I . I just know that woman should never work for woman . John laugh and applaud . Mick bury he head . lara how can you say that ?? erit they be always threaten . especially if you be beautiful and they be not . lara erit , you be so full of shit . erit so , you boss be not threaten by you ? ( continued ) 2 . 2 continued : 2 lara because she 's a bitch ! -- ( as John and Mick laugh ) -- not because she 's a woman . erit and you would describe she as " attractive " ? lara that have nothing to do with it ! erit and there be my answer . JOHN either of you like another drink ? lara shoot John a burn look as erit build on she victory . erit woman should work under man , man under woman . that 's it . JOHN ( egging she on ) but man under man ? erit that 's fine , too . ( the man burst into laughter ) they be use to it ! why be you laugh ? mick ( be : erit ) I do not know , bro , but I think I would rather work under you than she . erit ( insulted , shoot back ) oh please , I would rather work under he , too . that be a dig at Mick but lara be prime for a fight . lara you would rather " work under " John ? erit you have a problem with that , too ? ( continued ) 3. 2 continued : ( 2 ) 2 lara no , why would I have a problem with you little sexual innuendo ? erit what be up you ass tonight ?? Mick throw John a " this be all you fault and now it be go to explode " look . John feign complete innocence . lara so , I should not take offense that you be come on to my husband right in front of I . erit ( claw out now ) lara , if I want you husband I would have he . lara how ? you could not possibly show he more of you tit . the man be on they foot before blow be exchange . erit -- you know what you problem be ?! JOHN mick that be a great meal ! okay--okay ! 3 ext . steak house parking lot -- night 3 Mick and erit head toward Mick 's sporty pickup . John and lara step into foreground , lara still fume . JOHN she be completely full of shit . lara don ' T try and agree with I now . JOHN you know what ? I do not even believe she be in the dental profession . lara know this game ; he be try to get she out of she black mood , and she have no intention of let he . lara shut up . ( continued ) 4. 3 continued : 3 JOHN I bet she can not even spell anesthesiologist . woman 's a complete fraud . lara we go to she office party , idiot . JOHN I think she hit on I that night , too . lara open the back door of they black prius and toss in the raincoat she be carry . they climb in , under .... lara you be completely delusional . she be not even hit on you in there ; I just do not like she . JOHN I understand . people who look like that should not be allow anywhere near oral surgery . she feel a smile come to she lip and try to force it away . lara you be such a asshole . JOHN you be in the chair try to stay calm ; how be you suppose to do that with that thing hang over you -- she can not stand how attractive he be in this moment -- she stop he short by kissing he passionately . his hand slip under she blouse ; she tug at he sweater . JOHN ( cont 'd ) someone 's go to -- her hand go to he pants . he yank at the seat lever and it go crash back , lara landing atop he . after a moment he sit up quickly and push down the visor . she laugh and kiss he and they disappear into each other . 4 int . brennan house - back door -- night 4 lara and John enter , lara carry she raincoat , she hair stick up in the back , John 's shirt untucked . ( continued ) white 9 - 10 - 09 5 . 4 continued : 4 lara hello ! jenna , the teenage baby -sitter , see right through they . lara ( cont 'd ) do he cry ? jenna only when I drop he down the stair . lara shoot she a look , hang up she coat and exit upstairs . 5 int . brennan house - upstair hallway 5 she peek in she son 's room , see he sleep soundly . 6 int . brennan house - foyer 6 lara come down to find John pay Jenna . John nod for she to check the mirror . she tug at the knot in she hair . JOHN thanks . see you next weekend . Jenna exit . lara show he that he sweater be inside out . John react : " oh God . " lara 's smile broaden ; she kiss he . he pin she to the wall and they start all over again . he feel for the light switch . he find it ; we cut to black . 7 int . JOHN and lara' bedroom -- night 7 lara wake , troubled . it 's the middle of the night . 8 int . luke's room -- night 8 lara find luke 's window close but unlock . she lock it and look out . satisfied , she sit and watch she son sleep . 9 int . kitchen -- morning 9 Three year - old luke hold a knife and fork as he sit at the table watch he dad cut up he pancake . JOHN okay , you turn . luke skewer a piece with he fork . lara pass , hustling to get to work . JOHN ( cont 'd ) very good , very good ... ( continued ) 6 . 9 continued : 9 luke put it in he mouth . JOHN ( cont 'd ) no , no , no ; you feed I . ( to lara ) you son be hopeless . lara grab she phone and lean over they to take a photo . lara squeeze in tight . JOHN you can not do this every morning . it be way too corny . lara smile . it 's just until he 's eighteen . it flash . lara kiss John , put a alien-look electric toothbrush on the table &amp ; walk off to pour coffee to go . lara ( cont 'd ) present . JOHN ( examine it ) sweetie , you have to stop believe everything you read in a catalogue . lara you hate brush you tooth ; this one brushes they in thirty second . JOHN ( as if stung ) I love brush my tooth . ( to luke ) the lie you mother tell . lara ( ignore he ) when 's you last class ? JOHN Three , and I have papers to grade . can you pick up luke ? lara after yesterday I probably do not have a job anyway . do you think it be wrong to call she a useless cow ? ( continued ) 7. 9 continued : ( 2 ) 9 JOHN boss admire that kind of frank exchange . lara ( pull note off fridge ) do you call you father ? JOHN when ? lara ( head for bathroom ) " when ? " yesterday , for he birthday ! 10 int . brennan house - bathroom 10 lara put she foot up and jab herself with insulin . JOHN ( o.s. ) I send he flower and a handmade card . lara you be completely impossible . JOHN ( o.s. ) do you notice what I get for my birthday this year ? a grunt . 11 int . brennan house - kitchen 11 JOHN Mom say happy birthday and my father go < grunt >. make I tear up . lara return , try hard not to smile . lara ever think that someone have to be the bigger person here ? JOHN ( to luke ) remember this for the custody hearing : how mommy be always scolding daddy . lara how be you go to feel if luke grow up and do not call you ? lara can not keep a straight face and head to the foyer . ( continued ) 8. 11 continued : 11 JOHN now she 's drive a wedge between we . lara I give up . JOHN and now she be abandon you . lara grab she raincoat and notice a stain on the back shoulder . irritate , she head back to the bathroom . 12 int . brennan house - downstair bathroom 12 lara rinse the stain under the sink , surprised to see it run red . she look at she hand : blood . the doorbell ring . 13 int . brennan house - kitchen 13 John rise to answer the door . 14 int . brennan house - downstair bathroom 14 lara look at she coat , wonder how the hell she get blood on she shoulder . she rub liquid soap into it . 15 int . brennan house - foyer 15 as John open the door , detective quinn show he badge . detective collero and a team of detective push past . John have no time to react . detective quinn Police . Mr. brennan ? luke see the police rush past he and get scared . detective quinn ( cont 'd ) my name be detective quinn . this be a search warrant for this premise . John hear luke cry and instinctively head inside . detective quinn ( cont 'd ) ( stop he ) stay where you be . JOHN get you -- detective quinn touch I again and you will be arrest . 9 . 16 int . brennan house - down the hall 16 lara step from the bathroom and be meet by detective collero . she see the coat with the water spot ; nod to a team member , who take it and bag it under : detective collero lara brennan ? lara what ?! detective collero lara brennan , you be under arrest for the murder of Elizabeth gesa . she take she wrist and professionally turn and cuff she . lara she 's dead ?? Elizabeth be dead ?? 17 int . brennan house - foyer 17 JOHN ( try to push past ) she do not do anything ! detective quinn I will only -- JOHN ( try again ) she do not do anything ! detective quinn put he in cuff . the uniform push he up against the wall and cuff he wrist . John watch as he child cry , he wife be lead out in handcuffs and the house be tear apart . cut to black . 18 int . brennan house -- night 18 luke ( o.s. ) daddy !... daddy !! a light come on . John step out of he bedroom and enter he son 's room . JOHN ( o.s. ) it 's okay . just a bad dream . he come back out carry luke , now six year -old . 10 . 19 int . john' bedroom -- night 19 John lay luke on the bed and climb in beside he . JOHN you okay ? luke nod . JOHN ( cont 'd ) okay , you can sleep here as long as you stay on this side of the bed . luke immediately scramble over he father to take he side . JOHN ( cont 'd ) you be such a snake , I do not know why I keep fall for the same trick . John kiss luke , who close he eye and snuggle he pillow . John reach for the lamp . beside it sit the frame photo that lara snap of the three of they that fateful morning . he switch off the lamp , and the screen go black . 20 ext . pittsburgh -- day 20 the " T , " the city 's fast - move trolley , rise up from underground and we crane up to see the city . JOHN ( o.s. ) but Sam 's you friend , right ? 21 ext . allegheny county jail -- day 21 tilt down from a pass t-train to find John and luke , walk toward the huge , modern Allegheny County jail . luke not at lunch . JOHN do he take you food ? luke no . JOHN do he say something mean ? ( luke nod ) about mommy ? ( continued ) 11 . 21 continued : 21 luke yeah . JOHN do you hit he ? luke yeah . JOHN good . where do you hit he ? luke near the swing . JOHN wow . I bet that hurt . luke yeah . 22 int . county jail - entry hall -- day 22 - John wait in a long line , mostly woman . he glance over at the pleasant and colorful play area in the corner and see child play . luke play by himself . - John put he key ring in a plastic container . the guard take it and put the key with other visitor ' belonging . John guide he son toward the metal detector . luke walk through and the buzzer go off . John instinctively move forward to help . a guard stop he with a hand on he chest . on the other side of the metal detector another guard run a wand over luke , pull something from he pocket , look at it curiously . JOHN it 's a toy ! the guard run the wand over the child again ; no screech . the guard wave John through . no beep . John kneel and pull on luke 's jacket . JOHN ( cont 'd ) do not worry . we will get it back . 23 int . county jail - corridor -- day 23 they walk along the hall with all the other visitor . 12 . 24 int . county jail - contact visiting room -- day 24 John stare out the window at the city beyond . life seem so close . he look back into the large communal visit room ; a dozen round table and plastic chair . the concrete block wall be cover with naive painting in bright color and message of hope . luke play at he foot with a basket of lego . the door at the far side buzze , a guard open it and prisoner in red jump -suit mark visiting room enter . lara enter and look around . she be pale , thin and she hair have return to its natural color . lara hurry to he and give he a real kiss . she break and step to luke , who play with he back to she . lara hi honey . can mommy get a kiss ? ( no response . tickles he ) come on , give mommy a kiss . JOHN Rat - bag . give mommy a kiss . he give she a peck on the cheek and go back to he lego . lara be daddy read you my letter ? JOHN every night at bedtime . lara what be you building ? a fort ? lara pull he into a hug ; no response . she kiss he head and sit at the table with John . she squeeze he hand . lara ( cont 'd ) be he scared go to school ? JOHN I walk he to class , give he a kiss ; he do not even look back to wave . lara what do you make he for lunch ? ( continued ) 13 . 24 continued : 24 JOHN Turkey sandwich , just butter and bread , no " vegetable " on it . he swore he eat he apple . he hand she a pack of photo . lara devour they . lara look at he friend . and he desk . this be he teacher ? JOHN miss Phillips . lara you may have to move to another school district . JOHN already speak to a realtor . lara ( still look at photo ) how be you first day ? JOHN excellent . over half my class stay awake . talk to you mom . lara when be she come ? JOHN she 's have a lot of trouble with she business . lara it 's only be a couple of year , I be sure she will get around to it . ( beat ) have you hear anything ? JOHN about the appeal ? yes , and I be just not tell you . what do meyer say ? lara -- do not -- JOHN -- it can take month for the court to rule . ( continued ) 14 . 24 continued : ( 2 ) 24 lara I see that woman . she be there . she could not have just disappear . JOHN meyer 's look for a new investigator . lara her coat snag my purse , I feel a button pop - they must have be blind not to find it . JOHN he will go through all the evidence again . lara great , because I have not quite bankrupt we yet . JOHN we be do fine . lara ( fondly ) you just lie and lie . ( stroke he face ) but you be very handsome . ( admire he ) can you do I a favor ? JOHN I do not know , I be a little busy . lara I need you to run for governor . JOHN -- oh , that I can do . lara you can change this rule about no conjugal visit , because I do not think I can last another twenty year . she smile but be already travel toward a dark place . he reach out and hold she tight , stroking she back . lara ( cont 'd ) I be okay . I be okay . ( continued ) 15 . 24 continued : ( 3 ) 24 JOHN I know . but it 's go to be fine . I promise . she just stare at luke , he back to they , play . lara you think he will ever want to kiss I again ? 25 int . county jail - contact visiting room -- later 25 the prisoner file out and be pat down . lara turn and blow luke and John a kiss . they watch with the other visitor , who all stand on the far side of the room . 26 int . county jail - changing room -- moment later 26 lara and the female inmate pull off they visit jump - suit and hand they to a female guard , who search they for contraband . lara retrieve she regular jump -suit and pull it on over she underwear . another small , daily humiliation . 27 int . john' bathroom -- night 27 start very close on john' digital watch . wide to see luke stand on a low step at the sink in he pajamas use a complicated - look electric toothbrush . John sit on the toilet , stare at he watch . JOHN twenty -eight , twenty -nine , thirty . luke put it down and check he tooth in the mirror . JOHN ( cont 'd ) good ? luke nod . 28 ext . brennan house - garage and alley -- morning 28 the garage door open ; the prius have a lot more mile on it . John back out , luke in he child seat . he brake and find paula , the woman who life behind they , at he window . paula how 's lara ? JOHN she 's do okay . ( continued ) 16 . 28 continued : 28 paula tell she we be pull for she . JOHN I will . she hold up a plastic water bottle . paula they will not recycle this unless you take off the cap . ( cap vs. bottle ) this be trash . this be recyclable . JOHN ok . thanks . John drive off , wonder what kind of world he life in . 29 ext . park -- day 29 sitting on the park bench , John allow he feeling to wash over he face . he watch luke play with a girl he age . JOHN luke ! let 's go , toad . come on . luke run to he . John pull luke 's jacket on . he do not notice the young mother on the next bench , nicole , watch he admiringly . she call to the girl luke be play with . nicole time to go , carrie ! John glance in time to see carrie plop down in the sand , arm fold . he share a sympathetic smile with Nicole , who head to retrieve she daughter . John walk off with luke . 30 int . criminal courthouse -- day 30 John wait as a courtroom let out . meyer fisk step out with a young associate . he spot John and approach . meyer John , I say my office at four o'clock . I can not leave , I be in -- JOHN ( hold up a Subway bag ) I figure you have to eat . meyer relent , turn and call to he associate . ( continued ) 17 . 30 continued : 30 meyer do you have the ruling in brennan ? she kneel and dig through she roll briefcase . 31 int . courtroom -- a short time later 31 John sit on a bench , pale and shake , flipping through the ruling . the courtroom be empty , save a bailiff eat at he desk . during this he get up and walk out past they . JOHN but what if we find the woman who be leave the parking lot ? meyer the pcra be reject . no new evidence can be submit . not anymore . JOHN it be a robbery ! someone steal she purse ! meyer and if they would use she credit card we would have have something to argue . I be sorry ; this really ... suck . John offer a smile at meyer 's unlawyer - like choice of word . JOHN so , that 's it . now we just have the Supreme Court . meyer John , in the last thirty year , the Supreme Court have not hear one murder case . no decent lawyer would even file the pleading . JOHN so , I need to find a indecent one ? meyer no , I be go to file it . but I need you to do something for I . JOHN anything . ( continued ) 18 . 31 continued : 31 meyer I need you to look at the evidence and just forget lara be you wife . JOHN ( stop by that ) I have see the evidence , meyer . meyer I be not say judge she innocent or guilty , I be just say look at it . he co-worker see she leave the scene , she have the victim 's blood on she clothes , she fingerprint on the murder weapon -- JOHN ( be this a bad joke ? ) we go out for dinner ! how do you do that after you kill somebody ? she would have to be a psychopath ! meyer -- and the fight in the office . JOHN everyone fight with they boss ! meyer but this one end up dead . John look at meyer anew , feel profoundly betrayed . JOHN so , you never believe she be innocent ? meyer how can you say that ? JOHN so , what be you say , meyer ?! meyer that it no longer matter what we believe ; lara 's not get out . and you have no idea how much I hate say that . JOHN ( exite ) I will find someone to file the pleading . ( continued ) 19 . 31 continued : ( 2 ) 31 meyer John ! come on ! for Christ 's sake . JOHN !! John be long go . meyer hurl he sandwich into the trash . 32 int . county jail - visiting booths -- day 32 John wait alone on the visitor ' side of the glass . the door open , and lara step up on the other side . John smile and pick up the phone , but lara see something in he face and do not pick up she phone , just stare at he . John fight to keep he smile and nod for she to pick up she phone -- but now she can see the verdict chisele on he face . lara gasp and cry inconsolably . John keep the smile plaster on he face , but now tear run down he cheek . he tap on the glass and point at she phone , but she do not respond . he tap harder and harder -- desperately want to comfort she , but she will not allow it . he bang on the glass with he fist , draw the attention of the guard on he side . lara turn and exit . John stand and yell she name , but she can not hear it , and neither can we . 33 ext . grace and george' house -- day 33 we be in a old work class neighborhood . John sit in he car , try to pull himself together . 34 int . grace and george' house -- day 34 mick open the door . grace , they mother , look up from clear the lunch dish . John 's face tell they everything they need to know . Mick slam he fist against the door . in the back yard with luke , GEORGE , John 's father turn to see Grace tearfully embrace John . George look away , uncomfortable , and distract luke 's attention . 35 ext . grace and george' house - back yard -- late afternoon 35 John , Mick and Grace sit in the wear wicker chair on the back porch . erit step out with beer to replace they empty . she sit and they stare off , watch luke and George play with the dog . after a moment erit look to John : erit I know you will not want to hear this ... ( continued ) 20 . 35 continued : 35 mick -- erit , go put somebody to sleep . she stare unbely , then walk off in a huff . JOHN thanks . mick have to be do . ( long beat ) I be really go to pay for that . John have to smile . 36 ext . the hill district -- night ( dusk ) 36 John drive through a rough part of town on they way home . he stop at a light and note the dealer on the corner . a flashy car pull up , hand be slap ; call the driver david . he take a roll of cash from the dealer , look around , catch John stare . John look away quickly and drive off . 37 int . john' bedroom -- night 37 John sit at he desk , surround by box of document and photograph . as John sift through the evidence ... 38 int . lara' office - the past -- night 38 lara and she boss elizabeth argue loudly . 39 ext . parking garage - the past -- night 39 it 's raining outside . elizabeth stand at she car door in a small , partially cover garage -- maybe a dozen spot . she turn toward camera -- a FIRE extinguisher come right at camera , make a terrible impact and elizabeth collapse to the floor . 40 ext . parking garage - the past -- night 40 lara turn , hold the fire extinguisher . 41 int . john' bedroom -- continuous 41 as he flip through a handwritten witness statement . 21 . 42 ext . parking lot - the past -- night 42 lara 's car speed out of the parking lot . a male co- worker step out of the rain just as she car pass . he stop as he see elizabeth' body lie beside she car . 43 int . brennan house - bathroom - the past -- day 43 lara try to scrub the blood off of she coat . 44 int . john' bedroom -- night 44 the phone beside he shriek . John pick it up . 45 ext . university hospital - emergency entrance -- night 45 it 's late ; prime time for the er . John run in . 46 int . university hospital - seventh floor -- night 46 John enter breathlessly and find the nurse ' Station . JOHN lara brennan ; my wife . she be send up here . brennan . b-r - duty nurse ( find name in roster ) she can not have visitor . JOHN that 's ridiculous ; I have to see she . duty nurse I be sorry . John turn away and head down the corridor to find she himself . the duty nurse see this and take off after he : duty nurse ( cont 'd ) you can not go down there ! John shove open a door , move on to the next . duty nurse ( cont 'd ) you can not be in here !! JOHN lara ! ( continued ) 22 . 46 continued : 46 hospital security guard # 1 ( run up ) I get he ! JOHN lara ! a long-haire doctor , becsey , step into he path . dr . becsey what 's go on ?! JOHN my wife attempt suicide . hospital guard 1 duty nurse let 's go. ( hand doctor chart ) she 's not allow visitor . JOHN I have to see she ! dr . becsey why be not she in the er ? hospital guard 1 duty nurse I be not ask . now . she 's a transfer from County jail . JOHN please . two minute . becsey be not unmove . he share a look with the nurse . 47 int . university hospital - private room -- night 47 dr . becsey open the door for John . note a prison guard stand outside . dr . becsey two minute . becsey leave . a uniform female prison guard look up from she magazine and keep she eye on John . he look to he wife , who 's attach to a i.v. and monitor , pale and weak , she arm bandage where she cut it open along the artery . lara open she heavy eyelid and John glimpsis something terrible in she eye : she 's torture to be alive . he kneel beside she and put a hand on the bed . she take he little finger , wrap she finger around it . white 9 - 10-09 23 . 48 ext . brennan house - front porch -- night 48 John open the door to let Jenna out ; she look considerably older . jenna I be sorry . he just keep pretend he 's asleep . JOHN ( reach for he wallet ) do not worry about it . jenna it 's okay . JOHN I insist . I keep you out on a school night . jenna I be not in school anymore . she offer a sad smile and leave without the cash . 49 int . john' bedroom -- night 49 luke lie in the crook of he father 's arm , he own arm full of penguin , turtles , a black dog and a opossum . John read he a letter , the yellow envelope open on the bed . JOHN and give a big hug to pengui , Little pengui , Big turtley , Little turtley , kiki and opossumy . lot and lot of love , mommy . ( beat ) you gonna give they hug from she ? ( no response ) should we write she back ? luke ... when be she come home ? JOHN soon honey . soon. luke ( think for a moment , then : ) can I have a quarter ? JOHN can you have a quarter ? ( continued ) 24 . 49 continued : 49 luke point at the glass coin dish on night stand . JOHN ( cont 'd ) ohhh . sure , but you can not spend that . they come from the cottage where mommy and I use to take you when you be a baby . luke then can I have they all ? JOHN ... sure . he hand luke the jar , and hoist up he and he animal . 50 int . luke's room -- night 50 luke set the coin jar on he nightstand . John tuck he in with he animal , then switch off the lamp . John look back before close it and watch luke lie awake , stare at the jar , lose in confuse thought of he mother . 51 int . brennan house - kitchen -- night 51 dirty dish pile in the sink , John unload the dishwasher . he find the handle have crack off luke 's favorite mug . he place the cup and handle on the counter , open a drawer cramme with tool and screw and tape and such . he rummages through it . not find what he be look for , he pull handfuls of junk out of the drawer and slam it all down on the counter . the harder he search the more he become frustrated , until he slam the drawer and lean on the counter , feel destroy and needy . and then a female hand appear beside he , open another drawer and reach in . John stare at the hand , afraid to move , afraid to look up . the hand find a tube of glue , place it on the counter and move away . John turn to see lara walk away . she turn , smile and shaking she head , and disappear into the dining room . stun , John look down at the glue on the counter , then suddenly push away and rush into the dining room . no sign of she . and she be not in the live room . he bolt into the foyer and find the front door slightly ajar . he fling it open ... 52 ext . brennan house -- night 52 John rush out into the street , look up and down for she -- finally realize she be never there . ( continued ) 25 . 52 continued : 52 he stand in the middle of the street , now search for some way to survive . 53 int . community college - john' classroom -- day 53 Don Quixote be write on the chalkboard . JOHN so , what be it about ? Julie ? julie that belief in someone 's virtue be more important than virtue itself ? JOHN no . I mean , yes , that 's in there . but what be it about ? no taker . JOHN ( cont 'd ) it be about how rational think destroy the soul . it be about the triumph of irrationality , and the power that be in it . 54 int . community college - library -- day 54 John drop a armload of book into a library cart , each have something to do with prison or prison life . he sit at a table at the back , flipping through they one at a time and discard each in turn . as the shadow grow longer we find he stare at the computer screen link to the school system . on the screen : a book summary disappear , to be replace by the school search engine -- many of the item have already be inspect . John find one that read " over the wall . " he click on the link and the title page appear . the author be damon pennington . there 's a photo of he . the caption read that he live in brooklyn , NY . 55 ext . brooklyn , new york - STREET -- day 55 John get out of a cab and head into a local dive bar . 56 int . bar -- day 56 a couple of guy at the bar yell at the dog race on the tv screen . damon hand John a beer and nod toward a table . ( continued ) 26 . 56 continued : 56 JOHN it 's a course that investigate what drive man to be free , no matter the cost . damon somebody else have dib on Papillon ? JOHN you escape from jail seven time . damon light a cigarette . a tough guy nearby object . tough guy no smoking !! damon yeah , who would want to cut short you precious life ? damon take a deep drag . JOHN mind if I tape you ? damon go for it , it can not be use as evidence . what do you want to know ? John set up the small digital recorder . JOHN how you escape when no one else could . damon ball and a little luck . ( beat ) no prison in the world be airtight . each one have a key . you have to find it . JOHN how do you do that ? damon a lot of look . especially at thing that break the daily routine . Guards get comfortable do the same thing every day . something happen where they have to think , adapt . ( more ) ( continued ) 27 . 56 continued : ( 2 ) 56 damon ( cont 'd ) that 's when they will make mistake . but when you see it you have to be ready . you have to have the entire plan already in place before you even know how you be go to get out of the jail . escape be easy ; the hardest part be stay free . 57 int . john' bedroom -- night 57 the tape recorder play damon 's voice ; John tear large sheet of art paper from a pad and tack they to he bedroom wall . damon ( o.s. ) you have to know where you be go to go and how you be go to get there . you have to know how they plan to catch you , where , and when . JOHN ( o.s. ) how the hell do you know that ? he start to write on the paper with a large feel marker . damon ( o.s. ) you pay off someone who know . and a lot depend on if the prison be in the country or the city . 58 int . bar -- day 58 JOHN the city . that come out too quickly . damon now understand . John sit , silent , know he blow it . damon take he time . damon where be you from ? JOHN ... Pittsburgh . damon Pittsburgh be tough ; so many bridge and tunnel they can block off . 59 int . john' bedroom -- night 59 the art paper bunch and rip under the pressure of the marker . John tear it off the wall . ( continued ) 28 . 59 continued : 59 damon ( o.s. ) from the time they make the call , the police can have the center of the city seal tight in fifteen minute . 60 int . bar -- day 60 JOHN how can they be so exact ? damon after 9 - 11 homeland Security make every city have a lock - down plan -- downtown Pittsburgh , Philly , Boston , minneapolis -- fifteen minute . they can do DC in under ten . 61 int . john' bedroom -- night 61 John draw a circle on the wall and write in it : 15 minute -- damon ( o.s. ) within thirty - five minute they will have cop at every tollbooth on the interstate -- -- surround it by a larger circle : 35 minute . 62 int . bar -- day 62 damon and be run roll stop on the secondary road . they will not have you photograph yet , but they will have you description . 63 int . john' bedroom -- night 63 he draw spoke out from the circle . JOHN ( o.s. ) what if you can not make it out ? 64 int . bar -- day 64 JOHN thirty - five minute be not a lot of time . damon then surrender . ( more ) ( continued ) 29 . 64 continued : 64 damon ( cont 'd ) because they will shoot you on sight , along with anyone you be with . 65 int . john' bedroom -- night 65 John write description at the end of one speak . damon ( o.s. ) stay far away from the train and bus station . 66 int . bar -- day 66 damon forget the local airport . leave from another state . 67 int . john' bedroom -- night 67 John scribbles key word on the wall . distant airport . 68 int . bar -- day 68 damon second : identity . it 's easy to find fake papers , harder to find one that will get you through a airport . 69 int . john' bedroom -- night 69 John write " identitie . " damon ( o.s. ) you will need a passport , driver 's license and a social security number . 70 int . bar -- day 70 damon if you have to rent a car , find a place that will take a cash deposit . they will still run a credit check , so use a real person 's name on the id . ( beat ) third : destination . 71 int . john' bedroom -- night 71 John write furiously on the wall . " destination . " ( continued ) 30 . 71 continued : 71 damon ( o.s. ) you want somewhere that do not attract american tourist and do not get american newspaper . think Yemen and you get the idea . 72 int . bar -- day 72 damon then money . 73 int . john' bedroom -- night 73 John 's write " money . " damon ( o.s. ) you need a truck load of it . everything 's expensive : hotel , travel , information . 74 int . bar -- day 74 JOHN how much ? damon enough to last at least five - six year . run out of money and you run out of friend . 75 int . john' bedroom -- night 75 John underline " money . " 76 int . bar -- day 76 John be start to understand the enormity of this undertake . damon but before you do anything , you have to ask yourself if you can do it . can you forget about ever see you parent again . can you kill a guard , leave you kid at a gas station , push a nice old lady to the ground because she be between you and the door ? because to do this thing , that 's who you have to become . and if you can not , do not start , because you will just get someone kill . 31 . 77 int . john' bedroom -- night 77 John back away from the wall to see it cover in a spiderweb of note . JOHN ( o.s. ) how do you get catch ? 78 int . bar -- day 78 damon I give myself up . I could not take wonder when someone be go to come through the bedroom door . ( beat ) get what you need ? JOHN yeah . damon what do you have in you pocket ? John open he billfold . damon take the cash , leave he a twenty . 79 int . john' bedroom -- night 79 on the wall we see the massive diagram John have create . the screen go black . read : the last three month 80 ext . t-train -- day 80 the train cross a bridge . 81 int . t-train -- continuous 81 John ride , look down at the river below . 82 int . county jail - entry hall -- day 82 John step through the puffer ( the machine that detect drug ) and into the secure area . he make a mental note of everything he see : the number of guard , camera , etc . 83 ext . county jail - delivery area -- day 83 John sit in he car on the road above , surreptitiously take picture of the vehicle come and go from the prison . 32 . 84 int . john' bedroom -- night 84 he tape the photo to the wall . 85 int . county jail -- day 85 walk down a corridor with the other visitor , John step in a puddle of water . behind he the other notice and step around it . move on , they pass a trustee on a ladder pull a water - stain ceiling tile away as two guard watch . 86 int . john' bedroom -- night 86 John trace a route on a map with a highlighter . 87 int . john' bedroom -- day ( new day ) 87 the wall grow thick with photo and note . 88 int . classroom -- new day 88 he read a article on he computer -- about illegal alien and fake id 's . 89 int . john' bedroom -- night 89 John enter he bedroom and close the door . we see how dramatically he plan have evolve on the wall as every inch be cover in note , photo , map , and various writings . he study it as he bite into a sandwich . 90 int . county jail - corridor -- day 90 John and luke walk near the front of the group of visitor toward the visitation room . just ahead he notice a guard use a key to call the elevator . John stop near the elevator and kneel , pull one of luke 's shoelace loose . luke it be already tie . John rety the lace as the group move on . he keep one eye on the elevator . the door open and the guard step in - and John notice two workmen in hardhat inside . the elevator close , the shoelace be tie , the group have move on down the hall and they be alone . John pull the lace and unty luke 's shoe . luke ( cont 'd ) you untied it again ! ( continued ) 33 . 90 continued : 90 the guard look back , now impatient . John offer a smile and throw a look down at the elevator tread , see the name : otis elevator company . suddenly a voice come from behind : woman' voice Mr. brennan ? startle , John turn to see dr . lifson . dr . lifson we meet briefly . byrdie lifson . JOHN oh , sorry . hello , Doctor . dr . lifson ( to approach guard ) I will bring they back myself . 91 int . county jail - clinic -- day 91 John leave luke play and step into the office . lifson partially close the door , so John can still see he son . dr . lifson we check you wife 's blood regularly . she 's be refuse she insulin . I do not want to sound dramatic , but it 's just another form of suicide . JOHN I will talk to she . dr . lifson if she do not -- JOHN I will talk to she . ( step out ) let 's go , squirrel . 92 int . county jail - contact visiting room -- day 92 John and luke wait . the prisoner enter . lara look terrible . John stand and embrace she . JOHN hey . be you alright ? lara I be fine . I be fine . ( continued ) 34 . 92 continued : 92 lara smile to cover and bend down and kiss she son , who be engross in he toy as usual . lara ( cont 'd ) hi , sweet potato . how be you do ? he do not respond . she kiss he on the head then take a seat . John sit beside she . they speak in whisper . JOHN the doctor tell I about the insulin . lara ( watch luke ) yeah , I forget . it 's no big deal . JOHN you forget ? for how many day ? lara I forget , okay ? I have thing on my mind . JOHN -- and so much to do . lara oh , that 's nice . JOHN why be you do this ? lara can I please just watch he play ? tell I about kindergarten . JOHN no . I need you to -- lara Fine , I will not forget again , okay ? ( try to fight away this thought : ) I be just never go to walk he to school or wash he clothes or make he dinner ... and I do not know how I can live know that . okay ? JOHN lara . look at I . something will happen . I promise . ( continued ) 35 . 92 continued : ( 2 ) 92 lara ( cruelly - but hushed ) what ? what be go to happen ? there be no more appeal , there be no more anything . exactly what miracle be we hope for , John ? he look down , beat . she let go of she anger . lara ( cont 'd ) I need you to do something for I . JOHN sure . lara stop bring he . JOHN come on ... lara he hate come here . look at he . JOHN lara .... lara please . it 's not he fault . it 's too hard to watch he forget I . John look at he son , play at a distance , he back to they . it 's hard to argue with she , she 's right . lara ( cont 'd ) you want to hear something funny ? JOHN yes. anything . lara my mother try to send I anti-age cream . John smile , but like hers it may be the saddest smile in the world . they sit and watch luke play . 93 int . john' bedroom -- night 93 John check he bank statement and add they up on the wall under money . the total be $ 8,840.00 . he stare at that figure for a moment . 36 . 94 int . realtor' office -- day 94 eugenie , the real estate agent , walk John to the door . eugenie you be sure that you do not want a lawn sign ? JOHN I be very sure . thanks . 95 int . community college - library -- day 95 a student show John how to use photoshop to enlarge and crop a photo . 96 int . john' bedroom -- late afternoon 96 John use photoshop , look through family picture for a appropriate one to use for lara 's id . some of they be of the family at a cottage . he find one that will work and start to crop himself and luke ( as a baby ) out of the photo . then he turn and notice luke stand behind he , stare at the screen . 97 ext . pittsburgh -- day 97 a helicopter swoops over a bridge and trace the monongahela River through the city . on the door of the helicopter be emblazon the name of a local tour company . 98 int . helicopter -- day 98 John sit among six other passenger . copter pilot on the leave , Allegheny County jail . built in 1995 , it be now the large jail in the world . there have be three escape attempt . no one 's make it out alive . on you right ... everyone else look to the right as the pilot continue . John stay fix on the leave window . he point of view : the massive rooftop of the jail . but then he see exactly what he be look for : workmen wear yellow helmet spread hot tar and roofing paper . he spot a workman carry a bucket head around a tall outcropping on the roof . 37 . 99 int . community college - classroom -- day 99 lyla , a student , read from the idiot as John return to he desk with papers in he hand . his laptop lie open to Google Earth -- the rooftop view of the jail , from another angle . John close it and spread the papers on he desk -- a print color version of the same . he draw a arrow to the outcropping where we now see a door ; label it elevator . lyla on the first landing , which be as small as the necessary turn of the stair allow , there be a niche in the column , about a yard wide , and in this niche the prince feel convinced that a man stand conceal . he think he could distinguish a figure stand there . 100 int . john' bedroom -- day 100 John search craigslist for helicopter pilot . click on one that read experienced helicopter pilot , combat vet , will consider any offer . angle on john' wall where a magazine clipping of a helicopter sit under the head escape . overlap it he pin trim print-out of several pilot candidate . directly underneath be the Google Earth photo of the rooftop of the jail , the door mark with a arrow , and the landing site indicate with a X in a circle . below that be a rough sketch of the visitor 's room and the adjacent corridor with a arrow mark the elevator . in block letter beside it be the word " key ? " 101 int . grace and george' house -- night 101 luke , John and George stand in the foyer , luke with he child - size , brightly - color overnight bag . John pull off luke 's coat , kiss he on the head and look up at George . JOHN thanks . George nod , take luke 's hand and walk to the kitchen . 38 . 102 ext . hill district -- night 102 John drive , take note of the corner where young man hang out , sell drug or contraband . 103 ext . hill district -- night 103 John walk up to a guy lean on the bumper of he car , the trunk partially open . call he mouss . JOHN adderall ? mouss ten apiece , five for forty . John hand he a twenty , mouss dig into a bag in he trunk and hand he a blister - pack strip of two pill , sample . JOHN I need some passport . mouss piss off . John nod and walk back across the street . the guy watch . 104 int . car -- night 104 John climb into he car and toss the pill onto the passenger seat , among a half dozen other . there be a sharp rap on he window ; mouss . John roll down the window . mouss you have to pay up front . JOHN I can do that . mouss you know the uptown on 5th Ave ? JOHN no . mouss ask for harv . JOHN what 's you name ? mouss just say mouss . 39 . 105 ext . uptown lounge - 5 th avenue -- night 105 John park and step out of he car . 106 int . uptown lounge -- night 106 hip-hop blare , the clientele be low -live , John do not exactly fit in as he enter and order . his word be drown out . the bartender give he a beer on tap . John ask for " hart . " the bartender nod to a man at the back who be play a video game . John walk off , pass a long -haired guy at the bar who watch he . John approach harv . JOHN mouss say to come see you . harv he do , do he ? what do you want ? JOHN Three passport , a driver 's license , and real social security number . harv how do you know mouss ? JOHN he babysit my kid . harv ( size he up , then : ) okay . harv give he a look ; nod for he to follow . 107 ext . hill district - parking lot behind bar -- night 107 they step out the back door . harv you have the photo on you ? JOHN yes . how much ? harv Fifteen hundred . mouss step out of the shadow and crack John across the back of the head with a pipe . John stumble to the ground . the two man kick the shit out of John . John try to protect he face ; they just keep kick . ( continued ) white 9 - 10-09 40 . 107 continued : 107 mouss finally grab John 's hair and flick a knife in he face as harv search he pocket and find he money . mouss I ever see you again , you lose a eye . the two man walk away and get into mouss ' van . John lie double up on the ground and eventually try to stand . 108 int . brennan house - bathroom -- night 108 John clean the cut on he face with peroxide , add a Band - Aid . he stare at he face , let defeat wash over he . 109 int . john' bedroom -- night 109 John deduct $ 2,000 from the money column . 110 int . john' bedroom -- morning 110 his face purple with bruise , John pull himself out of bed in response to the ringing doorbell . 111 int . brennan house - foyer -- continuous 111 John limp to the front door and open it to see eugenie , he realtor , stand with a nice couple . they see he face , try and hide they reaction . eugenie you do remember I be show the house ? JOHN give I two minute . 112 int . john' bedroom -- continuous 112 John tack two large dark blue sheet up over the wall , cover he plan . 113 ext . brennan house - front porch -- continuous 113 eugenie reassure she skittish client . eugenie it really be a great neighborhood . 114 int . grace and george' house -- day 114 Grace , John 's mother , open the door and see John 's face . ( continued ) 41 . 114 continued : 114 grace oh , my lord ! what happen ? 115 int . grace and george' kitchen -- day 115 John sit as Grace approach with iodine and cotton ball . through the window he see luke play with the dog . JOHN it be stupid , I fall off the bike . grace the bike that 's be in we garage for two year ? put you head back . JOHN some guy make a crack about lara . grace so , that 's what you do now : punch everyone who think she 's guilty ? JOHN what 's that suppose to mean ? grace it mean it 's important what you believe , not -- JOHN really ? so , what do you believe , Mom ? John stand and open the back door . grace why be you try to start a fight ? JOHN ( call out back door ) come on , buddy ! ( to he mother ) where be he bag ? grace why be you do this ?! luke enter as Grace try to hide she tear . JOHN no reason . I just stupidly think people who love she would actually believe she 's innocent . my mistake . ( continued ) 42 . 115 continued : 115 grace stop this ! John turn and see GEORGE stand in the open doorway . he have hear everything . he give he son a dismissive look and walk off towards he bedroom . John feel like a heel . JOHN ( to luke ) give grandma a kiss . luke do , and the two of they leave with he bag . 116 ext . grace &amp ; GEORGE be - inside the prius -- day 116 John get in and check he mirror . luke be stare at he . luke do you face hurt ? JOHN a little . luke do you hit he back ? JOHN no . luke that 's okay . John pull away . 117 ext . hill district -- night 117 John drive , look for someone sell fake papers . he see mouss ' park car and slow ; mouss stare at he . John flash he middle finger and drive on . mouss consider do something but just flip he off . 118 ext . hill district - another intersection -- night 118 John ask a couple of guy on the corner about papers and be turn away . as he return to he car , he do not notice mike , the long-haire guy from drake 's bar , watch from astride he motorcycle . a second rider pull up beside Mike . John pull out and the motorcycle follow at a distance . 119 int . brennan house -- night 119 John watch Jenna leave ; close the door , climb the stair . 43. 120 int . luke's room -- night 120 John see luke sleep , surround by he animal . the doorbell ring . 121 int . brennan house -- night 121 John peer out surreptitiously , see mike stand there . he ring the bell again . John run and snatch a kitchen knife , return to the door , secure the chain lock and open the door a crack . JOHN what ? Mike speak in a loud , atonal and unnerve voice . mike I be at the bar . I know what you be look for . caught off guard by the voice , John just stare at he . mike ( cont 'd ) I be deaf , you idiot . I read lip . John stare at he , unsure what to do . mike ( cont 'd ) you really want to talk out here ? John put the knife in he back pocket and step out onto ... 122 ext . brennan house - front porch -- continuous 122 John try to look tough . Mike smile at John 's bravado . mike what do you need ? John indicate Mike should lower he voice . JOHN Three passport , a driver 's license and social security number that can take a credit check . mike thirty seven hundred . JOHN that 's too much . ( continued ) 44 . 122 continued : 122 mike it be if you never get they . I need photo and a thousand in advance . John stare at the man , try to read he . he turn . 123 int . brennan house - kitchen 123 John pull cash and a envelope from he jacket pocket . 124 int . brennan house - foyer -- night 124 Mike count the money and shove it in he breast pocket . mike I will bring they Wednesday . JOHN not here . do not come here again . Mike stare at he . John stare back . mike parking lot of don' . eckert Street . under the bridge ; two o'clock . if I be not there on time , leave . John close the door behind he and watch Mike walk off toward he motorcycle . 125 int . brennan house - kitchen 125 he drop the carve knife back in the drawer . as he look up , he see the second rider stare in the window , he helmet still on . John 's heart almost stop . the rider drive off . 126 ext . STREET - under a bridge -- day 126 a beat - up old van sit park on the crumble sidewalk . John hand seven hundred dollar to a sketchy - look guy inside . the guy hand John a 9 mm handgun wrap in a oilcloth . John unwrap it and hand it back . JOHN show I how to load it . 127 int . brennan house - kitchen -- evening 127 John and luke enter the back door . luke automatically head for the live room . John call after he : JOHN no video game . ( continued ) 45 . 127 continued : 127 luke ( o.s. ) dad ! John move to check the answer machine . JOHN I will play checker with you after dinner . luke ( o.s. ) you will just lose again . eugenie ( v.o . ) ( on voicemail : ) John ? it 's eugenie . you be not go to believe it ; the people I bring over ? they make a offer ! I will bring it in the morning . beep . JOHN ( buoy / to luke ) not tonight . tonight , I utterly destroy you . 128 int . john' bedroom -- night 128 John watch a video on YouTube : " how to unlock any door . " the person on screen demonstrate how to make a " bump key . " kid on screen -- a bump key . first , find any key that fit into the same make of lock . 129 int . brennan' garage -- night 129 John file down a key , hold in the jaw of a vice . 130 int . brennan house - back door -- night 130 John insert the bump key into the door lock , bump it with the butt of a screwdriver . the key will not turn . 131 int . brennan' garage -- night 131 he file down the key some more . 132 ext . brennan house - back porch -- night 132 he insert the key , bump it , turn . the lock open . 46 . 133 int . community college - elevator -- day 133 John get in , head up to he classroom . people avoid look at he face . one woman can not help notice . John nod and smile . he push the elevator button and notice the name : otis elevator company . 134 int . county jail - entry hall -- day 134 John scan the room as he wait . two child play in the set that be use to teach they how to speak to a prisoner behind glass use a phone . a moment later , a woman enter with a large shoulder bag . she be a notary . notary Mr. brennan ? 135 int . county jail - contact visiting room -- morning 135 no other visitor today . a notary sit with lara and John . notary and just put you thumb there . and lara put she thumb print on the book . notary ( cont 'd ) thanks , that 's all I need . the notary head for the door . John turn to the female guard who be wait . JOHN I will just be a moment . he turn back to he wife . lara ( touch he , melting ) you poor face . how could you do that to yourself ? JOHN I be useless without you . I can not even ride a bike . lara I think it 's very sexy . JOHN I be sorry we have to do this . ( continued ) 47 . 135 continued : 135 lara you have nothing to apologize for . but you should have tell I before this . JOHN I know . lara I do not want you not tell I thing . JOHN from now on I will . lara ( beat ) I will not know where to picture you . ( off he look ) I close my eye and I see luke in he bedroom , you on the sofa by the window . I will not know where to picture you anymore . 136 int . community college - john' classroom -- day 136 John stare at he laptop as the class do a test . know he be not pay attention , a student angle he multiple choice test so that he friend behind can see the answer . 137 int . community college - corridor -- day 137 John wait for the janitor to leave he tiny office and grab the door before it close . he slip inside and find a rack with key . he take one from the hook mark elevator . 138 int . brennan' garage -- night 138 John file down the elevator key as he do the house key . 139 int . brennan house - garage -- day 139 John move aside a box on the shelf and remove the handgun , wrap in a old chamois . paula ( o.s. ) John ? he turn to see Paula stand in the open garage door . JOHN hi. ( continued ) 48 . 139 continued : 139 John try to look casual as he stand with the thinly disguise gun in he hand . paula I be wonder if I could ask you to water my plant next week ; I be go in for a operation . JOHN I hope it 's nothing serious . paula my idiot doctor misdiagnose I . he 's blame the lab ; the lab 's blame he . but I will be fine . thanks . and she walk off . John get in the car and slip the gun between the seat . 140 int . prius -- day 140 John pull into the empty parking lot beside Don 's and wait . check he watch : 1:49 pm . a car pull in . the guy sit there for a second , then get out and enter the restaurant . 141 int . prius -- day 141 John check he watch . 2:14 . he look around , know he be suppose to leave . he make a call . receptionist ( o.s. ) English Department , this be Catherine . JOHN hi. it 's John . luke be not feel well , I be go to take he home . I need Carl to cover my 2:30 class . receptionist ( o.s. ) I will let he know . 142 int . prius - don's parking lot - manchester -- afternoon 142 John check he watch : 2:27 . his cell phone ring , display the name mick ; John press ignore . he feel for the gun between the seat . 143 ext . don's parking lot - manchester -- afternoon 143 the guy come out of the restaurant . John watch he walk to he car . the man see he and stare back . John check he watch . 2:45 . the guy drive off , leave the lot empty . ( continued ) 49 . 143 continued : 143 John press the voicemail button on he phone . mick ( v.o. ) be you ever go to answer you goddamn phone ? suddenly a man in a helmet rap on he side window and John realize mike have pull up without he notice . his hand go to the split between the seat , but stop short as the second rider pull up to the passenger window . mike you be suppose to leave . JOHN I need they . mike you notice that guy be a cop ? JOHN which guy ? mike the one with the red light in he back window . John feel ridiculous . Mike hand he the document . mike ( cont 'd ) just give I the money . John hand he the envelope of money . Mike check it . mike ( cont 'd ) you want this too much . you be go to fuck it up . Mike speed off . the second rider give John a look and follow . John look over the passport with they new name . 144 int . brennan house - garage -- afternoon 144 luke get out of the car and head into the house , swinging he lunch pale . John watch he go , then reach down beside he seat and pull out the gun , wrap in a cloth . he hide it in the garage and think about what he be do . 145 int . county jail - entry hall -- day 145 John move through the line toward the metal detector . he take he key ring out of he pocket and slip it , and the separate elevator bump key , into a white plastic dish and ( continued ) 50 . 145 continued : 145 place it atop the x-ray machine . he step through the metal detector and then grab the plastic dish before the guard can get to it . he hand the dish to the guard . JOHN how be you do today ? guard do not touch that . JOHN sorry . John put the dish down , and we see the bump key be go -- John palm it . the guard dump John 's key ring on the counter with the key and cell phone from the other visitor . JOHN pocket the palm key as he enter the jail . 146 int . county jail - corridor -- day 146 John move down the hall with the fifty or so other visitor . he ease toward the elevator , keep he eye on the guard ahead . by the time the group stop for the door ahead to open , John 's manage to be right beside the elevator . he fold he coat over he arm to block other from see and feel for the slot . find it , he slip in the bump key . it fit . the guard at the lead open the door to the first visit room and the crowd start move again . John quickly bump the key and turn it -- but it will not turn . he bump it again . Visitors keep move past he . he look over he shoulder , see the guard follow they be preoccupy at the door . he turn it harder . nothing . he try to pull it out . it 's stick . John panic . the rear guard close the entry door and follow the crowd . John tug at it one last time , and then turn it hard and snap it off in the lock . a black woman among the visitor see what he be do but avert she eye . John drop the rest of the break key and kick it into the slot between the elevator and the shaft . he slip back into the crowd and move on . near the rear of the crowd now , John approach the door to the visit room . ( continued ) white 9 - 10-09 51 . 146 continued : 146 he throw a look back , see another guard step up and try to insert he key in the elevator . John round the corner into the visit room . the camera stay on he face until we finally hear a deafening alarm . 147 int . county jail - another corridor -- day 147 John wait in a line against the wall , beside a door to a small office . through the glass he watch the major interview the black woman who notice what he be do . she nod and leave , pass he with a look . the Major hold the door open for he . 148 int . major' office -- a short time later 148 the major play John the cctv video from the corridor . he flip between two camera position at either end of the hall . the crowd of visitor shuffle toward the visit room obscure the view of the elevator . major so , you be where in here ? JOHN ... in the middle there . major in the middle . can you point to yourself ? JOHN ( look ) it 's hard to tell . I think that 's I there . why ? he freeze the tape and point to a blurry figure in the background . major so that 's not you there . by the elevator ? JOHN ( look ) .... no. ( point to another person ) I be over here . you want to tell I what 's go on ? major you want I to tell you ? ( continued ) 52 . 148 continued : 148 JOHN yes . the Major hold the piece of the key that jamme in the lock . major you know what a bump key be ? JOHN sorry . Major put it on the desk and just stare at John . finally : major if this be you , you might want to think about what 's go to happen to you kid if both of they parent be in prison . the major stare right through he . 149 int . county jail - corridor -- day 149 John head toward the exit , accompany by a guard . as he near the elevator he see a technician climb a step ladder , hold a new cctv camera . 150 int . county jail - entry hall -- day 150 face chalk white , John head for the exit , fight the urge to run . the door open just before he get there and collero step in , quinn hold the door for she . John charge past , notice neither of they -- but quinn recognize he . quinn turn and watch as John double over the short wall nearby and vomit . detective collero -- the worst date you have ever be on ? this be worse . and this guy ? he really think he be do great . then he 's drive I home and I know he 's go to try and kiss I , so I pretend to fall asleep . I mean , I be actually snore , right in he car . do that stop he ? John turn and notice quinn , behind the door , watch he . they lock eye . collero realize that quinn be not pay attention and wonder what he 's look at . detective collero ( cont 'd ) ... what ? ( continued ) 53. 150 continued : 150 John turn and walk away . quinn keep watch . detective quinn do I tell you not to date cop ? collero 's eye find John as well . he disappear around the corner . 151 int . t-train -- day 151 John ride home , devastate that he plan have fail , and wonder what he will do . he check over he shoulder to make sure he be not be follow . 152 int . brennan house -- day 152 John sit on the bare wood floor of the live room . his head turn as he hear someone pounding on the front door . he throw a look to the garage , think about the gun ; dismiss the idea . then he hear the voice : he brother . mick ( o.s. ) let I in , asshole !! 153 ext . brennan house - front porch -- continuous 153 Mick bang again . mick ( o.s. ) open up ! ( more bang ) you car be in the garage , I know you be in there ! 154 int . brennan house -- continuous 154 John do not move . as we pull back we see that the live room and dining room have be stripped of every bit of furniture , save a old tv set sit on a box . John know he can not let he brother see this . the male neighbor in the house to the south open he door and look out and scowl . male neighbor what 's you problem ? he 's not home ! mick not home ? so you be say I be blind ? male neighbor no , I be say you be a idiot . ( continued ) 54 . 154 continued : 154 Mick pound on the door aggressively . then just give up . mick you know what ? you be right . I be a idiot . and he walk off to he car . 155 ext . brennan house -- continuous 155 John lean back against the wall , in the middle of the bare room , and listen to he brother 's car start and drive away . 156 omitted 156 and and 157 157 158 int . john' bedroom -- evening 158 John stand , stare at he wall , now a vast collage , layer upon layer of photograph and note . and no answer . luke ( o.s. ) ... dad ? 159 ext . park -- day 159 John sit on a bench , frustrated and lose . luke trot up . luke can I have my cookie ? JOHN you hungry ? you want you sandwich ? luke no . John hand he two package cookie . luke run off and hand they to carrie . her attractive young mother , Nicole , sit a couple of bench down , call and draw John 's attention . nicole carrie ! ( to John ) I be sorry . she just already have it all figure out . ( John nod awkwardly ) Nicole . JOHN I remember . ( continued ) 55 . 159 continued : 159 nicole ( know he do not ) really ? JOHN ( smile and admit ) I remember you daughter . nicole she 's hard to forget . ( dig in she bag ) oh , this be for you . luke be suppose to bring it home . hand he a envelope . he open it and see a birthday invitation with jungle animal on the cover . JOHN he have he father 's memory . nicole it 's for carrie 's birthday party . please come ; I would love to meet you wife . JOHN I be afraid she can not be there . ... it 's complicated . nicole I understand . with I , too . carrie , come on , time for lunch . ( to John ) we be go to the cafe on the corner , would you like to join we ? JOHN oh , we be pretty ... you know .... nicole busy ? John smile , bust . nicole ( cont 'd ) come on , we owe you for the cookie . JOHN that 's true . and I make that cookie . nicole and learn how to pre-package they . ( continued ) 56 . 159 continued : ( 2 ) 159 JOHN which require a considerable amount of machinery . come on , luke . they walk toward the street , the kid trail behind . neither John nor Nicole speak for a moment . nicole do you trade off time with luke ? JOHN no. luke and I be together full time . nicole wow . I guess that 's why I see you so much . JOHN she would like nothing better than to be here . with he . lara . she really miss ... all this . nicole I guess it 's all about priority , be not it ? JOHN no . she 's not like that . she would ... ( have to admit ) she 's in prison . nicole oh. JOHN I do not tell most people . nicole I understand . JOHN she 's innocent . she do not kill the woman . nicole ... good . I mean , I be sure she do not . Nicole do not know what else to say . JOHN we should really be get home . ( continued ) 57 . 159 continued : ( 3 ) 159 nicole ( feign disappointment ) oh , okay . JOHN ( wave the envelope ) thanks for the invitation . we will try and make it . nicole that would be great . John head back and scoops up luke . Nicole watch , try not to look dumbfounded . 160 int . brennan house -- late afternoon 160 John and luke enter , John sorting through the mail . nothing from lara . 161 int . john' bedroom -- night 161 John finish write a letter on line paper . he open he drawer ; it be full of letter in yellow envelope . he pull one out ; it be from lara , on line paper . he stuff he new letter in the old yellow envelope . 162 int . luke's room -- night 162 this be the only room that be still furnish . John poke he head in , see luke on he bed play by himself . JOHN you want to read a letter from Mom ? luke shrug as if he do not care , but then scoot over in he bed so that he dad can sit beside he . John do . he pull the letter out of the envelope and read . JOHN ( cont 'd ) dearest luke who I Love , but not as much as chocolate ... luke she do not write that . JOHN my mistake . dearest luke , who I love so , so much . I wish I could have walk you home today , it be so beautiful out . 58 . 163 ext . paula' house - backyard -- late afternoon 163 luke and John water Paula 's vegetable garden . luke but what 's wrong with she ? JOHN she 's not feel well . luke why do not she just stay home ? JOHN because sometimes people get so sick you have to go to the hospital to get fix . luke how do you know when you be that sick ? JOHN the doctor do test . something tweak . John turn and look back across the alley , at he open garage ... and remember they conversation . he drop the hose and take luke 's hand . JOHN ( cont 'd ) come on . they drop the hose in the garden and walk back to the house . 163a int . JOHN and lara' bathroom -- late afternoon 163a John fling open the medicine cabinet , find a old bottle of lara 's insulin . he check the label . 163b int . john' bedroom -- night 163b John hit a key and a medical article appear : life threatening complication of diabete . ... severe hyperkalemia ... extremely high level of potassium ... cardiac arrest ... particularly dangerous as there be no outward symptom ... 164 int . john' bedroom - later -- night 164 the camera swirl as John search the wall and photo of delivery van arrive at the jail . not see what he want , he charge the desk &amp ; rifle through more photo . ( continued ) white 9 - 10-09 59 . 164 continued : 164 he finally snatch the photo he 's look for . he turn it over -- on it be write tuesday 9:30 am . and right over the phrase find the key he pin the photo of a delivery van from a medical laboratory . 165 ext . county jail -- morning 165 park at a distance , John watch from inside he prius . finally , a driver step out of the jail carry a tray of test result . he open the back door of the van . 166 ext . street -- day 166 John follow the van . 167 ext . nursing home -- day 167 John watch as the driver step out with a tray , point and push he key fob , lock the door and enter the nursing home . in the prius - moment later - John watch he stopwatch . the driver return with a tray . John hit the stop button . 1 minute 48 second . 168 int . john' bedroom -- night 168 John google : " how to break into a car . " 169 int . kitchen -- night 169 John heat a screwdriver on the open flame of the gas fire , then place the red hot tip of it on a old tennis ball . 170 ext . p.m.h. lab -- morning 170 John wait , eat a donut . he see the driver step out of Pittsburgh Med Health Lab and walk to he panel van . 171 ext . street -- day 171 John follow the van again . 172 ext . medical facility -- day 172 wearing he ipod , the driver step out with a tray and press he key fob ; the van chirp and lock . he enter the building as John step up to the driver 's door . John check no one be watch , place the tennis ball over the key slot and punch the ball flat . the lock pop open . 60 . 173 int . laboratory van -- continuous 173 shelves line the wall ; on they sit plastic trays of envelope . John climb in and find the tray from allegheny county jail . 174 ext . medical facility -- continuous 174 the driver come back out , head for the van . he pause to flirt with a nurse on she break , but she be not buy . 175 int . van -- continuous 175 John find the envelope mark " lara brennan . " he check he watch , only 44 second have lapse . he slip the card out , photograph it with he cell phone and put it back . 176 ext . medical facility -- day 176 the driver head for the van as John open the back door and climb out . oblivious to he narrow escape , John close the door and walk away a heartbeat before the driver get there . 177 int . brennan house -- evening 177 John check he son , who sit on the bare live room floor play a video game on the tv , the remain item . JOHN you okay ? luke nod and shoot somebody . 178 int . john' bedroom -- evening 178 John bring up lara 's form in photoshop on he laptop and erase the hand - write number in the test result box . 179 int . john' bedroom -- night 179 John write number in the blank box of the medical form . then he sit back and worry that he 's get it right . call : JOHN luke ! time for bed . 180 int . luke's room -- night 180 John enter the child 's bedroom and stop dead . the wall over luke 's bed be cover with crayon scribbles , imitate the chart on he father 's bedroom wall . ( continued ) 61 . 180 continued : 180 luke walk into the room , and step up beside he father , stare at the wall . he take he father 's hand , and the two just stand there in silence . 181 int . county jail - contact visiting room -- day 181 John wait as the other prisoner enter . lara kiss he ; look in he eye . he see the despair behind the smile . JOHN ... what 's wrong ? she take a letter from she pocket . JOHN ( cont 'd ) what be it ? she hand it to he . John read . his face change . JOHN ( cont 'd ) no .... no ! they can not move you . not without notice ! Monday be not notice ! lara I be only here through the appeal . we know I would be move to a prison . JOHN muncy be the other side of the state . lara nod . off John 's face , the screen go black . read : the last three day 182 int . realtor' office -- day 182 John stand with eugenie , the frighten realtor . JOHN I do not have two week ! I need it tomorrow ! eugenie the title have not be clear -- there be no way that -- JOHN how much can they give I ?! eugenie nothing ! John turn on he heel and slam out through the door . 62 . 183 int . john' bedroom -- day 183 John stare at the wall -- money be down to $ 1,497 . he rifle through a drawer , find a pair of sunglass . he snatch a baseball cap from a top shelf . he toss a bag on the bed , unzip it and pull out the gun . 184 ext . airport long term parking lot -- day 184 John unscrew the license plate from a dusty black prius . he stick the plate under he jacket , stand and check over he shoulder as he walk out of the massive parking lot . 185 int . bank and mall parking lot -- day 185 a quiet neighborhood bank sit in the corner of a outdoor mall . the prius pull into a spot ; we dolly over to see the steal license plate . Inside the prius , John open the backpack , put on the hat and sunglass and place the gun on he lap . and again he look at the bank , tapping he toe manically . a guard open the bank door for a depart customer , smile and head back inside . John tighten he grip on the gun , try to work up he courage , but ultimately realize he can not do this . furious with himself , he jam the car into reverse and back up without look . he hear a scream , brake hard and look . a woman scream . John stomp on the brake . he leap out of the car and see a woman drop she grocery and scoop she child up in she arm . call she elaine . elaine what be you do ?! you almost kill we ! JOHN be you --? elaine be you out of you mind ?! you do not look ?! she stoops to grab the few item that fall . he try to help . JOHN I be so sorry -- ( continued ) 63. 185 continued : 185 elaine get away ! get away from we ! she stand and run for she car . John return to the car and sit , leave the door open and the door alarm scream . he sit there , let the failure and he disgust for he weakness wash over he . 186 int . county jail - entry hall -- afternoon 186 John sit in the child 's area , wait for the line of visitor to get short . one look at he face and we can see how torture he be . he have he cell phone to he ear : meyer ( o.s. ) I be sorry . JOHN no , it be a long shot . thanks . 187 int . criminal courthouse -- continuous 187 meyer ( into phone ) how 's lara ? 188 int . county jail - entry hall -- continuous 188 JOHN she 's okay . thanks , meyer . John hang up and stand . 189 int . county jail - contact visiting room -- afternoon 189 John stand in the corner , stare out through the high , thick window . he turn as he hear lara and other prisoner come . he try to smile , but she know something be wrong . lara what 's wrong ? JOHN nothing . lara be it luke ? JOHN no . he 's fine . I have meyer see what he could do about not get you move . ( more ) ( continued ) 64 . 189 continued : 189 JOHN ( cont 'd ) I tell he travel that distance would be a hardship on we , that luke be already have trouble at school . which be true . I have not be spend enough time with he . lara you have not ? you have not ? God , John , you be too much . luke be have a ' hard time ' because mommy be in jail for murder , not because daddy do not spend enough time with he ! you father be right , you do not live in the same world we do . JOHN ( stung ) that 's nice , that the two of you talk . what world do I live in , lara ? lara I do not know , but it 's not the real one . I be in here for the rest of my life ! and you want I to believe in some fantasy that -- ! a guard step up and rap she knuckle on the table to get they attention . only John look up . female guard we good here ? JOHN yes. sorry . lara lower she voice a little , but not she intensity . the guard walk away under : lara now you come here all long - face , like you have let I down . what do you want I to do , make you feel better ? JOHN get it . I be sorry . lara and now you be apologize . you really be a gem . ( continued ) 65 . 189 continued : ( 2 ) 189 JOHN what do you want from I ? lara nothing . you be too perfect already . you know you never even ask I if I do it . if I kill she . JOHN ( stop dead ) because I know you do not . lara then you would be wrong . she lean forward and whisper in he ear . lara ( cont 'd ) I grab the fire extinguisher . I hit she in the face . I hear she neck snap . you know why I do it ? because she piss I off . I throw she purse in the river . we pay for dinner with the cash from she wallet . she sit back a bit to look in he face . only now , look in he eye , a crack form in she tough exterior . lara ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . I be actually very sorry . she stand . the guard open the door and let she into the change room . John watch , unable to breathe . 190 int . county jail - changing room -- continuous 190 lara get one last look at John , through the glass , and then disappear behind the partition . she sit on the bench , lean she head between she knee , and break into shard . 191 int . county jail - corridor -- continuous 191 John exit along with all the other visitor , destroy by what he have hear , play out what she say in he head . then suddenly he just stop . the crowd keep move , leave he behind . the guard follow the group see he stand there . command he : guard # 2 Sir , you can not stand there . ( beat ) sir , you need to exit the building now . 66 . 192 int . county jail - visiting booths -- moment later 192 lara take a seat on she side of the glass partition . she pick up she phone and open she mouth to speak . JOHN shut up . I do not care what you say or how you say it . I do not believe you do it and I never will . I know who you be . she open she mouth to object but John slam the phone into the cradle . she pound on the window . he just stare at she . her eye well up , and she smile through she tear . 193 int . county jail - corridor -- moment later 193 John step out and see the major wait with he key . they exchange a look . JOHN thank you . the Major nod and lock the door . John head out . 194 int . toy shop -- day 194 luke in he arm , John take a my Little pony off the shelf . JOHN you think ? luke ( already a expert ) Girls love they . 195 int . grace and george' house -- day 195 Grace open the door . George stand a few step behind she , quiet . Grace see John and be immediately concerned . JOHN hi Mom . grace what be you do here ? JOHN I have get class . grace five o'clock at night ? ( continued ) 67 . 195 continued : 195 JOHN yes . ( kiss luke ) bye . luke run in as John walk off . 196 ext . grace and george' house -- continuous 196 John 's father watch through the window as he son leave . in he gut , George know something be wrong . 197 ext . hill district -- night 197 John sit in he car down the street , watch the corner where he notice kid sell drug . a car show up - the same flashy car he see week ago . the street dealer look around , run to the window , make a exchange , and then the car drive off again . John check he watch and settles in to wait . 198 ext . hill district -- night 198 John watch as other car drive up and score drug . and then finally the flashy car cruise up again . John check he watch : it have be two hour . again the street dealer run up and hand the driver a envelope . we recognize the driver -- he be the one from earlier , whom we be go to call david . he drive away . John follow . 199 ext . hill district -- night 199 John follow the flashy car at a distance . it stop at another corner and something be exchange . it drive on ; John follow . 200 ext . hill district - neighborhood -- night 200 not the best part of town . it look rough even for the Hill . the flashy car park and David cross the street . half a block back , John turn leave at the corner and then make a quick right into the alley . he guess how many house from the corner David stop , get out and check over the fence . he stop a few house away when he see the porch light on a house flick on . David wait on the dilapidate back porch . he wave to whoever be watch he through the pinhole and the light go out again . ( continued ) white 9 - 10-09 68 . 200 continued : 200 John inch closer as the back door open . David exchange a few word with whoever open it and then package be exchange . the door close and David walk off the way he come . John wait a moment , then move down the alley , hop the fence , and sneak through the twisted bramble of the back yard . he find a place to hide , on the ground right beside the back porch . he pull out he gun and settles in to wait between the trash can , he heart pound in he ear . fade to black . beat , then : bang ! bang ! bang ! 201 ext . drug dealer' back yard -- later that night 201 John wake to hammering on the door . the porch light flick on and John be bath in bright light -- he do not realize he would fall asleep . David stand above he on the porch , hold the screen door open -- if he glance down there be no way he would not see he . John hold he breath and wait . the porch light flick off , the lock be unbolt , and finally the thick door open . as before , the two exchange word , but now the pounding in John 's ear be so loud we can barely hear anything else . John take a deep breath and spring to he foot -- knock over the trash can -- and onto the porch ! he smack David with the gun , grab he by the hair and jam he forward into the doorway , prevent the supplier -- alex -- from slamm the door on they . 202 int . alex be house -- night 202 Alex release he barking german shepherd and it immediately attack David , bite he leg . David scream in agony . JOHN ( to Alex ) back up ! get back ! suddenly a thug come barrel in from the kitchen and aim a saw - off shotgun at John , who keep himself right behind David 's head . the dialogue be almost drown out completely by the sound of pounding in John 's ear and David 's scream . alex -- shoot they both ! JOHN -- I will shoot the dog ! ( continued ) 69 . 202 continued : 202 alex -- shoot the dog ! thug -- you shoot the dog , I will kill you ! John fire into the floor beside the dog . alex -- you want the police here , asshole ?! JOHN -- good idea ! John fire two more shot into the floor . alex ( to thug ) -- put the gun down ! the thug obey , rest it against the wall . JOHN -- call the dog off !! put it away ! alex -- release ! the dog stop its attack but go back to bark . JOHN -- put it away !! ( aim gun at it ) put it away !! Alex reluctantly open a closet door . alex in ! get in ! he have to shove the bark dog into the closet . JOHN ( to thug ) you , too ! thug I be not get in there ! John fire into the wall ! alex get in ! ( continued ) 70 . 202 continued : ( 2 ) 202 and the thug go in the closet after the bark dog . John see the bolt and drive it home , lock the door . JOHN -- give I that chair ! Alex do not obey , so David grab it and hand it to he . John prop it under the handle of the closet door . JOHN ( cont 'd ) move ! he shove David forward , closer to Alex . alex you be dead . david I do not do anything !! alex you bring he ! david I do not bring he ! JOHN shut up ! he push they both back into the next room ; the dog in the closet never stop bark . 203 int . alex' kitchen -- night 203 John shove David to the floor and wave the gun between they . JOHN on you knee ! hand behind you head ! John catch Alex 's eye darting to the counter . follow he gaze he find Alex 's revolver on the counter . John grab it , flip open the cylinder and spill out the cartridge . david I can not kneel ! JOHN on the floor ! David kneel with great difficulty . Alex calmly do as he 's tell , he eye on John . ( continued ) 71 . 203 continued : 203 John grab the paper bag out of Alex 's hand and open it , find a couple thousand in cash . JOHN ( cont 'd ) where 's the rest ? david that 's twelve hundred dollar ! ( empty he pocket ) here , take it . a couple of hundred dollar spill onto the floor . JOHN ( gun on Alex ) where do you keep you money ?! Alex scoff , see weakness in John . alex yeah , I be go to give you my money . JOHN I will shoot you ! alex you will not even shoot a dog . JOHN tell I ! alex shoot the floor again , impress I . John pistol - whip he and Alex go down . John hold he gun to he head while he be on the ground bleed . JOHN I be go to kill you both . alex no , I be go to kill you both . david give he you money ! alex ( to David ) keep you dead bitch mouth shut . enrage , John fire a round into Alex 's leg . Alex scream . ( continued ) 72 . 203 continued : ( 2 ) 203 david stop it !! alex ( smile through pain ) see ? you be not go to kill I . that be the worst you can do . so , now you have do it . go home . I will come find you and kill you . John look around desperately . he spot a open bottle of tequila in the clutter on the counter . he grab it and pour it on the floor . alex ( cont 'd ) you be waste some good shit . now he pour it on Alex . JOHN yeah , good shit ; high alcohol content . John smashes the bottle on the floor ; tequila go everywhere . thug ( o.s. ) what 's go on ?! let I out ! alex you go to burn I out ? John light a rag as the thug in the closet continue to yell and pound . now calmly : JOHN yeah . that 's what I be go to do . david oh Jesus . oh Jesus . JOHN you money . alex ( no longer smile ) this be a meth lab , you idiot ! JOHN no . it be . and he toss the burn rag at the smashed bottle . David scream as the room explode in flame . ( continued ) 73. 203 continued : ( 3 ) 203 alex ( suddenly desperate ) my kid be upstairs !! JOHN -- what ?? alex my kid !! without warning , Alex dash for the front hall . stun , John do not shoot . he grab David by the hair , stick the gun in he temple and shove he into the front hall . david let I go !! JOHN get up there !! John push he up the stair as a shield , follow the trail of blood . david the house be go to explode ! angle on back door Fire spread , the thug yell , the dog bark . the shotgun lean against the wall where the thug leave it . the closet door rock as the thug kick . the chair will not give way . 204 int . alex be house - second floor -- night 204 John move David quickly up the stair in front of he and down the hall . they peer into one room , nothing . into the next - what be clearly a child room . Alex kneel on the far side of the room , barely visible behind the small bed , he back to we . until he wheel , gun in hand , and fire twice . a bullet strike David in the chest , the second graze John 's side . both man be knock back into the hall and onto the floor . John pull himself out from under David as ... running on adrenaline , Alex stand and stride forward . David look up at he . Alex shoot he again and step over he into the hall . he see John , raise he weapon and .... John fire twice , hit Alex in the chest , knock he down . ( continued ) 74 . 204 continued : 204 John stand . Alex lie dead , sprawle over David . David look around through the roiling smoke : JOHN be anyone up here ?! he step over Alex and into the room . he check the closet -- empty of clothes ; clearly no child life here . John turn to where Alex be kneel , see a bureau push aside , a safe crudely install in the wall lie open , a trash bag on the floor half - fill with cash . John drop to he knee and shovel the remain cash into the trash bag . 205 int . alex be house - back hall -- continuous 205 the dog bark ; the door splinter . 206 int . alex be house - second floor -- continuous 206 John step over the body ; see David look up at he . david do not leave I . I do not want to burn . do not let I burn . the hall be now thick with smoke . John stare terrify at the two man , one dead , one die , and agonize over what he know be a mistake . cut to black . 207 int . alex be house - back hall -- moment later 207 John carry David past the closet just as the thug 's boot kick a hole in the door . cut to black . 208 ext . alley behind alex' house -- night 208 John , bleed himself , shove the badly wounded dealer into the back seat . he throw the trash bag into the passenger seat and slam the door close behind he . not even a heartbeat later the german shepherd leap up and snap at the partially open window . John struggle to get the car turn on and the window up as the dog try to force he way into the car . through the front windshield he see the thug leap over the back fence , landing sprawle in the alley with the shotgun . John jam the car into reverse and back away -- the man in the back seat scream for he life , the dog chase the car , the thug get off a shot . 75 . 209 ext . STREET -- continuous 209 John swerve wide around the corner , hit a fire hydrant and shatter a taillight . 210 int . prius - drive -- continuous 210 John slam the transmission into drive and speed off down the street . the dog bark disappear . all that 's leave be the sound of the die man . John keep throw look over he shoulder . david I do not want to die . I do not want to die . now at a safe distance , John pull over and look into the back seat . we do not have to see the body to know he 's dead . John sit there a moment , listen to the sound of approach fire engine . he catch a glimpse of himself in the rearview mirror before pull out . cut to black . 211 ext . bus stop -- night 211 John 's car idle at the curb , he back door sit open . he step back into shot from the far side of the prius , close the door and get in . as he drive away we see David 's body lie on the bench , wait to be discover . 212 int . fast food joint - toilet -- night 212 stand at the sink shirtless , John pour alcohol on the wound in he side . he mop up the blood with a wad of paper towel , then apply a bandage , fresh from the box . he pull a new shirt and jacket from a target bag . a moment later , now dress , John stuff the trash bag full of cash into he backpack . 213 int . fast food joint -- night 213 John step out of the bathroom , zipping he new jacket . he barely draw a look from the few customer as he limp out of the restaurant . cut to black . 76 . 214 ext . alex be house -- night 214 Water stream from the house , the front door and window break by firemen who now pack up they gear to leave . lieutenant nabulsi stride into shot , drink a Red bull , which he crush and discard on the porch . 215 int . alex be house - second floor -- continuous 215 nabulsi climb the stair to find sgt . harris watch the CSI team work . nabulsi step up behind the CSI worker . lo. nabulsi ( almost a whisper ) get out of my way . the man flee like he just see the prince of darkness . nabulsi cock he head and look down at the dead man . lo. nabulsi ( cont 'd ) what do we have ? sgt . harris a miracle . meth lab in the basement , the house still stand . should be just a crater . lo. nabulsi ( straddle Alex ) do we know he ? sgt . harris Alex gaidar , history of violence and drug trafficking . nabulsi see the brightly paint wall of the child 's room . lo. nabulsi he have a kid ? sgt . harris neighbor say wife leave with he last year . Big surprise there . lo. nabulsi they type all this blood yet ? sgt . harris no , but someone leave through the back door bleed . Zone Three find a gunshot victim dead on a transit bench . nabulsi nod and descend the stair . 77 . 216 ext . downtown STREET -- night 216 John snip the link of a tall chainlink fence , then turn and walk back to the prius . 217 int . grace and george' house -- night 217 John ease open he parent ' front door and remove he key from the lock . it 's the middle of the night , so he be surprised to see a light on in the kitchen . he enter , carry he jacket and backpack , and place they on a chair . when he get to the kitchen he see he father in he pajamas , read a biography and sip a cup of tea . JOHN hi . what be you do up ? George shrug . a uncomfortable silence . JOHN ( cont 'd ) I have come to get luke . George nod . after another silence , John start down the hall . his father appear in the hallway behind he . GEORGE John ? be you alright ? John turn around , surprised . JOHN I be fine . the two man look at each other for a moment , John leave the room . his father step into the live room and notice he jacket fall off the chair . George lift it to set it right and see something be stick out of the backpack : airplane ticket and passport . 218 int . john' old room -- continuous 218 John step into the room that he have as a teenager . luke sleep in the single bed . John sit beside he , touch he face , then look around the room , wonder how he get here , and be overwhelm . 219 int . grace and george' live room -- continuous 219 George slip the ticket and passport out of the side pocket . we do not see the destination , but he do . he open the passport and read each of the false name . 78 . 220 int . john' old room -- continuous 220 John brushes away tear , no idea how he could be act like this . he try to wake luke . JOHN hey . hey , buddy . not a chance . John check the old alarm clock : it 's just after three am . he lie down beside luke for just a moment . 221 int . john' old room -- night 221 John wake to the sound of a whistle . he check the clock . it 's almost five . how could that have happen ? 222 int . grace and george' kitchen -- night 222 John help a sleepy luke with he jacket , pancake roll in he hand . John stand from the table strewn with food . JOHN what do you say ? luke thank you . JOHN give grandma a big kiss . luke I be too tired to kiss . JOHN luke ... grace I will get lot of kiss next weekend . ( to John ) we want to take he to the harvest Festival in kutztown , where they have the clydesdale . John think about say something , can not . he watch luke give Grace a kiss . luke thank you , grandma . John turn to he father , who stand in the doorway . his father hold out the jacket in silence . John take it . the airline ticket stick out from the inside pocket . ( continued ) 79 . 222 continued : 222 John realize the ticket have be move from the bag . he look at he father , who gaze back at he in silence . John can tell by the look in he father 's eye that he know . JOHN bye Mom . they kiss . John 's father stand behind he . GEORGE Goodbye . George grab he son in a awkward hug . John be shocked . he pat he father 's back . they break . JOHN ( to luke ) let 's go . John leave . the front door close . Grace walk away . 223 ext . downtown STREET -- pre -dawn 223 John stand in the brightly light , glass - wall kiosk of a rental car company , the prius park at the curb , as the sun threaten to break over the horizon . 224 ext . STREET near alex' house -- pre -dawn 224 nabulsi kneel beside a fire hydrant , use a shard from a taillight to scrape at a smudge of flaking black paint . Harris come run up , out of breath , from the alley . sgt . harris neighbor see a guy and a dog chase a black car down the alley , so that 's probably he . we will have the taillight debris at the lab by the time it open . lo. nabulsi before . nabulsi stand and hand he the large shard of glass . 225 int . john' bedroom -- morning 225 John pack a backpack -- two white lab coat , wire cutter , a large screwdriver , two roll of duct tape , the handgun , insulin vial , etc . 80 . 226 int . brennan house -- morning 226 luke sit on he bedroom floor , try to cram a firetruck into he already full rollerboard . luke ( call ) can I carry it ? John appear with a box of trash bag . JOHN no . just what fit in you bag . John hurry off . luke .... what about my pocket ? JOHN ( o.s. ) or you pocket . luke give up on the truck and move to he bedside table . he dig he hand into the small jar of coin he dad give he and start stuff they in he pants pocket . a quarter fall and roll to the middle of the floor . 227 int . john' bedroom -- morning 227 John take a thick feel marker and write two number on he wrist , right beside the watch . 15 , and under it , 35 . he then turn and stare at he wall , all the photo , sketches , note , wonder if he 's forget anything . he decide it be too late to worry . he loosen a edge of wallpaper and start tear it all down . 228 ext . brennan house - garage and alley -- morning 228 luke sit in the back seat with they carry - on bag . John try to stuff all the garbage bag full of paper into the back . he pick the last off the floor and turn and walk out to the alley . he look around , then stuff this final bag into he neighbor 's trash can . 229 ext . residential STREET -- morning 229 John toss the last trash bag over the side of the dumpster that sit in front of a demolish house . as he close the tailgate we get a good look at the break taillight . 81 . 230 int . prius - drive 230 he check the clock on the dashboard and drive faster , take a quick glance at he son to see if he be okay back there . 231 ext . rear of p.m.h lab -- morning 231 John sit in he car in the back alley , watch the parking lot . the driver come out carry trays of test result and put they in the back of he van . John grab the large wire cutter and screwdriver from he car and hop out . he take a few step to the rear of the one-story building , pries open the phone box and snip the phone wire . 232 int . p.m.h. lab -- at that moment 232 a clerk on the phone be cut off . she jab the connection key , do not get a dial tone -- look to the light on the other phone line and see they go out as ... 233 ext . rear of p.m.h lab -- at that moment 233 John snip the last wire and hop back into the car . he be move before the van exit the parking lot . 234 ext . nursing home -- morning 234 the van driver hop out and head into the nursing home as the prius pull into the foreground . John turn to luke . JOHN daddy will just be a minute . John grab he tennis ball . 235 int . laboratory van -- morning 235 John hold he lab result between he tooth as he flip through the envelope . he finally find lara 's envelope , remove she report and replace it with this one . 236 ext . nursing home -- morning 236 we watch through the windshield of the prius as the lab van drive off in the direction of the prison . John tug carrie 's birthday invitation from he pocket , flip it open , check the handwritten address . 237 int . police station - homicide division -- morning 237 Harris enter Lt. nabulsi 's cubicle to find he stand . ( continued ) 82. 237 continued : 237 sgt . harris taillight match any 2004-2009 prius . lo. nabulsi ( with a certain disgust ) what kind of a criminal drive a prius ? sgt . harris a socially responsible one ? ( avoid nabulsi 's searing look by read the report ) over a thousand of they register in the city , seven thousand in the state . lo. nabulsi how many register to felon ? sgt . harris six in the state . four of they to embezzler or white collar criminal , one to a rapist , one to a murderer . lo. nabulsi guess we start with the murderer . sgt . harris she 's in prison for life . the rapist be out . lo. nabulsi find he . 238 ext . nicole's house -- morning 238 John stand with luke , who hold a hand - wrap gift . luke knock at the front door of a lovely small house . nicole ( o.s. ) hello ? they see Nicole in the side yard , spread a paper tablecloth . JOHN ... hi. they move to help keep the tablecloth from blow away . nicole thanks . good to see you . ( continued ) 83. 238 continued : 238 luke ( hand she present ) it 's a pony . nicole that be not easy to wrap . ( now awkward ) you know the party be at eleven , right ? JOHN what time be it ? ( check watch ) nine . oh , I be so sorry , I should have look more carefully . nicole it 's no problem . ( to luke , be : present ) why do not you go give this to carrie ? luke spot carrie on the back step and run over . nicole ( cont 'd ) well , I guess you can help . JOHN oh. actually , I can not stay . I have to run some errand . nicole ( recover with grace ) we will see you later then . JOHN thanks so much . ( a moment ) if .... John look to luke and realize this might be the last time he see he . JOHN ( cont 'd ) he ... he have my parent ' phone number in he pocket . in case I be late . nicole no problem . John throw one more look at luke then walk off . 84 . 239 ext . county jail - delivery area -- morning 239 the driver step out of the prison and return to the lab van carry he tray . 240 int . police station - homicide division -- morning 240 sgt . harris ( enter with report ) rapist be in a wheelchair . not sure if that be karma or -- lo. nabulsi the murderer . where be she incarcerate ? sgt . harris ( check papers in he hand ) County ; right here in town . lo. nabulsi ( after mull this over ) she have a husband or kid old enough to drive ? Harris exit , know he should have check . 241 int . county jail infirmary -- morning 241 the male nurse re-read the test result . Dr. lifson approach , have be summon . dr . lifson what ? male nurse ( hand it to she ) lara brennan 's bloodwork . dr . lifson ( scan , now concerned ) get the lab . he dial . 242 ext . rear of p.m.h. lab -- morning 242 the phone repairman be reconnect the wire , speak to the technician who discover the line be dead . phone repairman you piss off somebody , that 's for sure . ( continued ) white 9 - 10-09 85 . 242 continued : 242 Close on the wire -- he twist the second last pair , now connect the last as -- 243 int . county jail infirmary -- continuous 243 the male nurse hang up . male nurse still busy . I will try again . dr . lifson ( study bloodwork ) no . get a ambulance , take she to University . I will meet they there . 244 int . county jail - lara' cell -- morning 244 lara look up as she door open , and be surprised to see two female jail guard with a wheelchair . 245 ext . county jail -- morning 245 the prius pull up and John wait and watch . he check the clock : it click over to 10:00 . 246 int . police station - homicide division -- morning 246 sgt . harris ( enter with paper ) husband . School teacher . lo. nabulsi ( rise ) you get a home address ? 247 ext . county jail -- morning 247 the two female guard pass off lara to two male jail guard who load lara into a ambulance . jail guard # 1 step into the back of the ambulance with she . the ambulance pull out , accompany by a County sheriff 's car . John follow . 248 int . ambulance - moving -- day 248 handcuffed and shackle , lara stare lifelessly at she guard as the emt connect the lead of a heart monitor . 249 ext . CITY street -- day 249 know where they be go now , John pass the ambulance and escort vehicle . 86 . 250 ext . brennan house -- morning 250 nabulsi peer in the window . Harris come up the side from the back . sgt . harris no car in the garage . you want to get a warrant ? lo. nabulsi yeah . nabulsi reluctantly slip a credit card into the door jam . Harris look around to check no one be watch . 251 int . brennan house -- continuous 251 the front door pop open and nabulsi and Harris step in . they quickly see that all the furniture be go . 252 int . john' bedroom -- day 252 nabulsi join Harris , who be stare at the wall where the wallpaper have be remove . lo. nabulsi get the warrant . 253 ext . university hospital - emergency entrance -- day 253 the sheriff 's car and ambulance pull into the underground entrance . Guard # 2 step from the passenger seat of the ambulance and survey the surroundings , shotgun in hand , before he knock on the rear door of the ambulance . they follow procedure in take the prisoner into the hospital . the sheriff watch until they be safe inside , then leave . 254 int . luke's room -- day 254 nabulsi inspect luke 's room , still fully furnish , the curious fade crayon draw on the wall . he spot a couple of coin on the floor . he pick up a quarter , and flip it . Harris step into the room . sgt . harris she 's be transfer to University Hospital . lo. nabulsi right now ? sgt . harris right now . ( continued ) 87 . 254 continued : 254 lo. nabulsi ... have they call the escort vehicle . tell they we will meet they at the hospital in less than ten . and he pocket the quarter and step out of the room . 255 int . university hospital - seventh floor corridor -- day 255 the emt and two jail guard wheel lara up to the desk and hand over she chart . jail guard # 1 we have lara brennan . the duty nurse check she chart and nod to a nurse . duty nurse put she in 7725 and start a iv . the emt pass she over to the nurse and leave . the duty nurse pick up the phone as they move off down the hall . duty nurse ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) can you please page Dr. becsey ? 256 int . university hospital - room 7725 -- day 256 the nurse wheel she in and guard # 2 uncuff she from the gurney , as guard # 1 get a call on he cell phone . jail guard # 1 yeah ?... we be here : prisoner 's secure , no problem .... will do . he hang up and turn to see John enter , carry luke 's backpack , wear a white doctor 's smock . he raise a gun . JOHN put the phone down . Guard # 1 obey . nurse oh please , no . lara John ?? JOHN remove you holster , put they on the floor and get on you knee . ( continued ) 88. 256 continued : 256 lara ( can not make sense of this ) what be you do here ? JOHN do it !! Guard # 2 reach for he weapon ; John pistol whip he to the floor . the nurse cup a hand over she mouth to stifle a scream . JOHN ( cont 'd ) do it now !! 257 ext . STREET -- day 257 Harris speed toward the hospital . nabulsi be on the radio . dispatcher ( v.o. ) Lieutenant , the prisoner be secure ; jail personnel be 10 - 27 , code 4 . a squad car will meet you at the entrance . nabulsi put the walkie down and flip on the siren . Harris react . sgt . harris she just say -- lo. nabulsi run the light . 258 int . university hospital - room 7725 -- day 258 a second handgun and holster slide across the floor to meet the one that already lie by John 's foot . the two guard kneel , face the far wall . John pull a roll of duct tape from the backpack and toss it to the terrify nurse . JOHN tape they hand and foot . ( when he hesitates ) do it !! the nurse tape the guard ' wrist behind they back . lara you have to stop this . jail guard # 1 you walk out that door with he and you will both be kill . ( continued ) 89 . 258 continued : 258 JOHN tape they mouth ! John pick up the key and undoe lara 's cuff . lara no. stop. John yank she clothing and a white smock out of the bag and toss they to she . JOHN put it on . lara why be you do this ?! JOHN because we have no other choice !! put it on ! ( to nurse ) turn around . he do , John start taping he wrist . JOHN ( cont 'd ) lara , put the clothes on ! lara no . JOHN now !! lara no ! they stare at each other . John offer she he cell phone . JOHN okay . tell you son you be not come . lara ... where be he ? JOHN wait for you . tell he you be not come . lara how can you do this to I ? ( continued ) 90 . 258 continued : ( 2 ) 258 JOHN push send . tell he I be not come back either . lara John -- JOHN do it look like I be go home ?! tell he he be alone now and he mother and father be not come back ! lara stare at he with hatred , mutter : lara you son of a bitch . lara pull off she prison garb , stand before they naked except for she panty . she quite purposely do not turn away or cover herself , but let she eye burn into he . John press the stopwatch button on he watch and the counter start run . 259 ext . university hospital - emergency entrance -- day 259 a squad car pull up outside the hospital 's main entrance . one officer stride into the emergency room while the other take a look around the parking lot . 260 int . university hospital - seventh floor hallway 260 lara and John step out into the hall . John 's eye flick to the nurse 's desk but he keep walk . as they pass we notice dr . lifson stand there with lara 's file in she hand . the duty nurse notice as well . it take a second for lifson to understand what be go on . she step out into the hall and stare after they . dr . lifson what be you do ? John yank lara 's arm and make a dash for the elevator , pull he gun from he pocket . the duty nurse see what be happen and bolt down the hall , throw open the door to room 7725 . 260a int . hospital - 7th floor elevator lobby 260 a the elevator door be close as John arrive and jam he arm in between they . the passenger see the weapon . ( continued ) white 9 - 10-09 91 . 260a continued : 260a JOHN get out ! get out ! they scurry out and the door close . a heartbeat later the next elevator open and the cop from downstairs step off . 261 int . hospital elevator -- day 261 lara where 's luke ?! be he safe ? where be he ?! JOHN he 's safe ! 262 ext . emergency entrance -- day 262 the unmark car brake hard . nabulsi and Harris stride out and into the er , flipping they id into they breast pocket . 263 int . hospital elevator -- day 263 lara and John barely breath . 264 ext . university hospital - handicap parking area -- day 264 the uniform officer who stay outside find John 's black prius with the break taillight park in a handicapped spot . he lift he walkie and call it in . 265 int . university hospital - MAIN floor -- day 265 nabulsi jab the elevator button . he react as a hospital security guard come run toward he . lo. nabulsi what 's wrong ? before he can answer , the elevator door open and they come face to face with John and lara . John see they police id and level he weapon . around they , patient and employee scream and run away . JOHN back away ! lo. nabulsi do not be stupid . Drop the weapon . JOHN get back ! ( continued ) 92 . 265 continued : 265 lo. nabulsi we have unit at every exit . you will be shot try to leave . JOHN ( to lara ) hit the button . lara stand freeze . JOHN ( cont 'd ) hit it ! she press a button . the door start to close . lo. nabulsi do not do this . Doors close . nabulsi run and scream : lo. nabulsi ( cont 'd ) where be the stair ?! hospital security guard # 2 lead the way . nabulsi and Harris pass he at the door as he yell into he walkie . hospital security guard # 2 male and female ; white lab coat ! parking level ! 266 int . hospital elevator -- continuous 266 lara ( freaking out ) oh please oh please oh please ... JOHN it will be okay . ( she keep panic ) look at I ! do what I say ; it will be okay ; I promise . she stare at he , have never see he like this before . JOHN ( cont 'd ) lara ? she nod . JOHN ( cont 'd ) take the coat off . 93. 267 int . hospital stairwell and p1 level -- continuous 267 nabulsi , Harris and the guard bound down the stair into the lower elevator lobby . nabulsi see the door be not open and run back to the stair , meeting the cop from upstairs on he way down . lo. nabulsi stay here ! hospital security guard # 2 ( into walkie ) parking garage ! get you ass down here ! nabulsi and Harris leave they and thunder down the stair . 268 int . elevator lobby - p3 level -- continuous 268 the elevator door open and John toss the lab coat out toward a trash can in the direction of the garage . he pound the elevator button . 269 int . p2 level 269 nabulsi and Harris burst onto this floor -- see the elevator door be close . lo. nabulsi watch that door ! Harris obey as nabulsi fling himself down the next flight . 270 int . elevator lobby - p3 level -- continuous 270 the elevator be not close . John slam the button repeatedly . he hear nabulsi 's heavy foot on the stair , angle and aim the weapon -- lara can not believe what she 's witness . suddenly the door close , just a heartbeat before nabulsi get there . nabulsi spot the discard lab coat and run out into the garage . he head for the ramp , scan the park car . get to the bottom of the ramp he look up and see a squad car racing down toward he . as it brake , nabulsi realize they could not have escape this way ; he 's be have . lo. nabulsi ( shout into walkie ) who 's in the lobby ?! but he only get static . he charge back toward the stair . 94 . 271 int . elevator - lobby level -- continuous 271 the door open . John peer around the corner , hide he weapon . no police in the lobby , but through the glass door he see a squad car screeching to a halt . he grab lara 's hand and lead she out of the elevator and around the corner . they weave down a corridor , deeper into the hospital , pass another cop at the emergency desk who have he back to they . they turn the corner , see a hospital guard run toward they . John recognize he as the guard he argue with when lara attempt suicide . John stiffen , but the guard run past -- look for a couple in lab coat . they quicken they step . the guard stop at the end of the hall and turn to stare , recognize they . he lift he walkie and speak . hospital security guard # 1 Main floor , rear corridor . John and lara turn a corner . John spot the shipping office . they enter and head for the load bay . 272 int . hospital lobby -- continuous 272 nabulsi and Harris break into the lobby , sweat . officer run in the front door toward he . nabulsi survey the scene , realize they could not have go out the front . he hear a shout : hospital security guard # 1 ( o.s. ) back here ! they turn and run in the direction of the voice , turn the corner and see the security guard at the end of the hall , who see they come turn and run off after John and lara . lo. nabulsi ( into radio , on the run ) get unit to grant Street ! 273 ext . hospital loading dock -- continuous 273 John punch open the door and they hop down off the dock and take off for the street . 274 ext . rear of university hospital -- continuous 274 John tug lara across the street , dodging traffic . he yank off he jacket and pull it back on inside - out -- this side be black and gold . 95 . 275 ext . rear of university hospital -- continuous 275 nabulsi run out of the load dock and into the middle of grant Street , harris and the two officer trail . very few pedestrian right here . nabulsi look to he right : a crowded crosswalk , fan head through a pedestrian mall to a penguin game . he look to he leave : more fan move toward the stadium . almost all of they be wear team color - a sea of black and gold . nabulsi curse . 276 ext . nearby pedestrian mall -- day 276 lara and John weave through the fan . JOHN put you hair down . lara obey without think . John check he watch , then open a door . leave the throng of fan , he guide lara through and down the stair into the t-train Subway Station . 277 ext . university hospital -- continuous 277 nabulsi run to the crosswalk as Harris take the other direction . the other two officer take the far sidewalk . 278 int . t-train subway station -- continuous 278 John and lara quicken they pace . the camera tilt up and to the glass ceiling . 278a ext . pedestrian mall -- continuous 278a nabulsi search the face in the mall . he look down through the station skylight , catch a fleeting glimpse of they . he run for the entrance , he walkie fly to he face . lo. nabulsi they be on the platform ! block station in either direction ! call the Port Authority . stop all train ! 279 int . t-train subway station -- continuous 279 John see a train approach as they come down the stair . almost drag lara , John nudge past slower people to make it onto the train . then they wait . the door do not close . 280 ext . university hospital - MAIN entrance -- continuous 280 walkie in hand , Harris jump into they unmark car and pull out . two squad car wail out past he . white 9 - 10-09 96 . 281 int . t-train subway station -- continuous 281 above -- nabulsi see the train and shove past commuter . 282 int . t-train -- continuous 282 John spot he come , slip the long screwdriver from the small backpack he 's carry . lara see he tighten he finger around the grip . the door finally close just as : 283 int . t-train subway station -- continuous 283 nabulsi bound down the stair . the train leave the station . nabulsi leap down onto the track and chase it . 284 ext . t-train station -- day 284 this station sit above ground . Three squad car scream up . the officer clamor out of the car and run for the platform . 285 ext . downtown STREET -- day 285 Harris skid the unmark vehicle around the corner , head parallel to the underground . 286 int . subway tunnel -- day 286 nabulsi run down the track , the car ahead nowhere in sight . 287 int . t-train -- continuous 287 the t-train driver get a emergency call from the base . he look back into the car as it rise up out of the underground . daylight flood the car as the train emerge from underground . John jam the long screwdriver into the door and pry it OPEN . 288 ext . t-train and track -- day 288 the wheel screech and the brake seize . passenger topple to the floor . John grab lara and they leap out onto the track . he find the slit he cut in the tall fence . they slip out through it , onto the street and into the parking lot beyond . 289 int . harris ' unmarked car -- continuous 289 Harris scream along the road on the far side of the track . he lock up he brake as he see the stall t-train . white 9 - 10-09 97 . 290 ext . parking lot - other side of the track -- continuous 290 John yank off he jacket as they jump into the rent suv . John calm he racing heart , drive away and turn the corner . 291 ext . t-train track -- continuous 291 Harris leap from he vehicle and run to the fence on he side of the track -- it be ten foot tall with razor wire , no way over it . he see : nabulsi charge up out of the tunnel . he jump into the stall train car , look around , do not see John and lara . 292 ext . tunnel under river -- morning 292 the suv come up out of the dark and drive away from the city center , as a police helicopter swoops overhead , go the opposite direction . 293 int . rented suv -- morning 293 John check the counter , still run on he watch . 11:05 . he wet he thumb and rub he wrist until the 15 be erase . all that remain now be the second number : 35 . they merge into traffic head toward the suburb . 294 ext . t-train track -- morning 294 nabulsi push through the hole in the wire . Harris run across the track with he jacket off , have scale the fence on the far side . lo. nabulsi ( into walkie ) Ring the city . train and bus station . get they description to the State Police . ( to Harris ) how old be they kid ? sgt . harris six . lo. nabulsi let 's find out where he be . 295 int . suv - drive -- morning 295 lara why do not you tell I ? ( continued ) 98 . 295 continued : 295 JOHN you would have stop I . he nod toward the glove box JOHN ( cont 'd ) there 's a case in there . brush , moisturizer , makeup . everything you have be old . I hope I get it right . she open the glove box , unzip the case , and be touch by this small gesture . 296 int . police station - homicide division -- day 296 detective collero , who we last see when they arrest lara , stop by detective quinn 's cubicle . detective collero you want to take a guess who just escape from jail ? 297 ext . nicole's house -- morning 297 lara sit in the suv at the curb . John wait at the door . it be open by brenda , Nicole 's mother . brenda hello . JOHN hi. I be here for my son . brenda oh , they be not back yet . JOHN back from where ? brenda the zoo . JOHN ... the zoo ? find a invite and hand it to he . the back clearly say they be go to the zoo . brenda it 's a zoo party . ( in case he 's worried : ) they eat first . ( more ) ( continued ) 99 . 297 continued : 297 brenda ( cont 'd ) they should be back in about a hour . would you like to wait ? johh no . thank you . John turn and walk back to the suv . Brenda watch for a moment , make curious by he behavior . he get into the vehicle . lara be in a panic . lara what 's wrong ? John punch zoo into point of interest on the gps . lara ( cont 'd ) where 's luke ? JOHN he 's at the party . he sneak a look at he stopwatch : 24 minute and count . lara what party ? you say the party be here . JOHN I be wrong . she take they to the zoo . the gps come up with a address . John punch a button . lara ( can not help herself ) she ? gps voice estimate drive time : seventeen minute . JOHN carrie 's mom . Nicole . he drop the transmission into gear and speed off . 298 ext . brennan house -- morning 298 a squad car be wait , another arrive . Harris pull up and stride toward the house . ( continued ) 100 . 298 continued : 298 sgt . harris canvas the neighbor . we be look for the boy and anything they have notice in the last few day . 299 ext . CITY street -- morning 299 John drive like a man possess . 300 int . suv - drive through intersection -- morning 300 John brake as he spot a State trooper vehicle at a intersection . as he keep a eye on the rearview mirror , the squad car put on its flasher , turn and follow they . John 's hand tighten on the wheel . he keep the speedometer at 35 , praying he 's not they target . the police vehicle pass they and take off fast down the four lane street . John breathes again and drive on . he check the stopwatch - 29 minute flick to 30 . he push the button on the gps . gps voice time to destination : eleven minute . lara see he sweat , unaware of the significance of the time . 301 ext . street -- day 301 the suv swerve around a corner , head into the outskirt of town . 302 int . suv - four lane STREET -- day 302 John 's eye flick to he stopwatch : 32 minute flick to 33 . Signs appear quickly now . interstate : keep right ; Zoo : next Left . John keep drive , hope somehow that he will not have to make this choice -- they freedom , or they son . too many question rage across he face . perhaps they can escape and he parent can somehow arrange to get luke to they . or perhaps luke would be better off with he grandparent after all . then there it be : the sign to the interstate point to the entrance ahead on the right . ( continued ) 101 . 302 continued : 302 the sign to the Zoo sit behind it , point to the next road on the leave . 34:02 , 34:03 , 34:04 ... John take the freeway ramp . 303 ext . interstate -- continuous 303 the suv climb up the on-ramp , leave the city behind . 304 int . suv - drive -- continuous 304 lara you take the wrong turn ! it 's back there . no response . lara look back over she shoulder , wonder if this be some kind of shortcut . lara ( cont 'd ) the zoo be back there . you be go the wrong way ! ( no response ) it 's back there ! ( no response ) what be you do ?!! JOHN she will call my parent . lara what ?? JOHN they will take care of he , I will figure out how to get he to we . lara be you out of you mind ! JOHN I try !! there 's no more time !! any second now there 's go to be a roadblock ahead ! it might be there now !! if we do not get out now we do not get out !! lara sit back in she seat , stunne and horrify , as John continue . ( continued ) 102 . 304 continued : 304 JOHN ( cont 'd ) I promise . I promise I will find a way to get luke to we . I will find some way . lara unsnap she seat belt . she reach for the door latch . John see she pull the door and grab she by the shirt as he slam he foot on the brake ! the tire scream , the suv skid into a uncontrolled turn . horn blare . Cars behind they swerve to avoid collision . John hold lara in she seat as the suv fly around in a circle and finally come to a dead stop on the shoulder , miraculously face in the right direction . John allow himself to breathe . he let go of lara 's shirt . she open the door and step out . John close he eye and try to gather himself back together . he open he door and step out . 305 ext . interstate hwy - shoulder -- day 305 John see the big rig truck driver look back from where he 's pull over . John nod to he that everything be okay and come around the bumper to find lara sit on the gravel shoulder , lean against the back tire , stare out at the field beyond . he sit beside she in silence . behind they the car whip by . no one even think to stop to see if they need help . lara and John watch a cow in the farmer 's field . there be nothing for either of they to say , they both know how they get here . they hand sit on the gravel between each other . without look at he , lara tentatively entwine a single finger with he . he slowly gather strength from she touch . 306 int . suv - on the shoulder -- moment later 306 they close the door , and John start the engine and they drive forward . John take the first exit . 307 ext . brennan house - alley -- day 307 a garbage truck be just pull up as Paula show Harris and a officer she recycle bin . they pull out John 's overstuff trash bag . 103 . 308 ext . zoo entrance -- day 308 lara sit in the suv by herself , watch the entrance . 309 ext . zoo -- day 309 Nicole , surround by a dozen six year - old , pass luke off to John . JOHN no , it really be fine . I can not thank you enough for take care of he . nicole it be we pleasure . be not it , carrie ? John and luke turn and walk toward the exit . 310 ext . zoo entrance -- continuous 310 lara turn and see John and luke walk toward she . lara hi. luke hi. lara do you have a nice time at the party ? luke yeah . lara walk he to the car , as if this day be no different than any other . lara what be you favorite thing ? luke Ice cream cake . she lift he into he seat and buckle he in . lara they have ice cream cake here ? luke at carrie 's house . ( continued ) 104 . 310 continued : 310 lara oh . what flavor ? luke lot of flavor . lara my favorite . John start the car . lara ( cont 'd ) I be go to sit back here , okay ? JOHN sure . luke play with a toy . lara close the door behind she . she look out the window and see : nicole stand at the entrance , look at she . not exactly sure why she do it , lara offer she a grateful smile . nicole watch they pull away , confuse about what she should do . 311 int . suv - zoo parking lot exit -- continuous 311 John drift up to the stop sign at the intersection . a sign point out the interstate to the leave -- and he can see the overpass and freeway entrance ; the business district to the right . he check he watch : 48 minute . he reset it to zero . game over . he switch on the radio and search for news . luke tap lara on the shoulder . she lean down . luke I think we be go to the cottage . lara really ? he nod knowingly . luke I have money . lara almost lose it ; smile . ( continued ) 105 . 311 continued : 311 lara good . then I will stick close to you . luke okay . John find the news station . news radio -- traffic down to two lane at the tollbooth . and downtown be worse . stay away from the train station if you be try to get anywhere . not sure what be happen but a kpgh caller say train be not move and commuter be get irate . ( etc . ) lara John ? ( no reply ) what be we go to do ? JOHN ( finally ) we be go to the train station . John turn right , head downtown . 312 int . police station -- day 312 detective quinn spot Harris fly in carry a brim green trash bag . quinn jump up and follow he into the situation room . collero hurry to catch up . Harris dump the content onto the conference table as she enter . quinn immediately dive into the content . harris and collero share a awkward look . sgt . harris ( smitten ) hi. detective collero ( casting she eye down ) hi. she and Harris dig into the crumpled papers and photo . detective quinn ( to collero ) you be not go to nod off , be you ? ( continued ) 106 . 312 continued : 312 collero give quinn a burn look . nabulsi enter . 313 ext . train station -- day 313 John double -park and pull on a ball cap . traffic be snarl , the place be awash with police and squad car . hundred of people mill out front . JOHN stay in the car . John put on he sunglass and walk right through the middle of it all . lara watch , certain he will be spot and arrest . John step onto the crowded sidewalk outside the front door . he speak to a large woman ; she shake she head . he go on to speak to a black couple , who apparently be not interested . he approach a elderly couple . 314 ext . interstate -- day 314 the suv head up the on-ramp . 315 int . police station - nabulsi be office -- day 315 nabulsi be on the phone , catch hell from he Captain , who have have a earful from he counterpart in the State Police . lo. nabulsi I understand .... I understand . I do not tell they to stop every vehicle . just the one with a couple and a young child . he hang up , take the quarter from he pocket and spin it on he desk . 316 int . / ext . freeway tollbooth -- day 316 John spy the tollbooth ahead , traffic down to two lane . the elderly man beside he have a small bag on he lap . elderly man be you sure twenty dollar be enough ? ticket to buffalo cost three time that . and now we notice the man 's wife sit in the back seat , with luke and lara . John pay the toll . ( continued ) 107 . 316 continued : 316 JOHN ( be : suv ) this thing be very good on gas . a State trooper wave they toward the booth . the trooper ahead check they out and wave they on . they be free . the same trooper stop the car behind they -- in it , a couple with a child . 317 int . police station - nabulsi be office -- day 317 detective collero every one in the state . lo. nabulsi go wider . send they photo to every train , bus station and airport in a three hundred mile radius . detective collero ( look at she pad ) so , Ohio , maryland , West Virginia , New York , New Jersey , Virginia , Michigan , kentucky and Indiana ? lo. nabulsi you know what direction they be go , smart ass ? detective collero Captain , a lot of this place barely have fax machine . lo. nabulsi then start dial . ( as they exit : ) prioritize . closest airport first . nabulsi spin the quarter again , stare at it as if it will give he the answer . 318 ext . downtown BUFFALO -- afternoon 318 the brennan drop off the elderly couple . John wave , drop he gun in the trash can , get back in and drive away . 319 int . police station - situation room -- late afternoon 319 Harris and collero finish recreate a portion of John 's wall , complete with wallpaper . ( continued ) 108 . 319 continued : 319 Harris step out into the hall , pass a interview room . behind the glass he see quinn grill mick . Harris keep go into nabulsi 's office . nabulsi sit , spin the coin , jacket off , shirt untucked . sgt . harris you want to see it ? lo. nabulsi only if it will tell I where they be . sgt . harris not so lucky . nabulsi flatten the coin . something make he stare at he finger . he move he hand , revealing a canadian quarter . lo. nabulsi how far be it to the canadian border ? sgt . harris four , five hour ? lo. nabulsi ( rise ) collero !! 320 ext . pearson INTERNATIONAL airport - toronto -- evening 320 the suv take the freeway exit and climb the ramp . 321 int . police station - situation room -- evening 321 nabulsi come out of he office , pass a wait erit . erit Excuse I ? you call this coffee ? nabulsi shake that off and enter the situation room . every phone at the table be manned , all have the same conversation : sgt . harris I be call from the Pittsburgh Police Department . we have a fugitive warrant for lara and John brennan , they be most likely travel with they six year - old son , and we have reason to believe they might be fly out of you airport . collero hang up from she call and look to the next number . ( continued ) 109 . 321 continued : 321 lo. nabulsi how many airport in Ontario and Quebec ? detective collero should I stop call and count ? nabulsi give she a look . collero dial . sgt . harris yes , we be send you photograph . we would appreciate it if you could disseminate they .... how many terminal ? detective quinn ( burst in ) I get he parent ! 321a omitted 321a and and 322 322 323 int . pearson INTERNATIONAL airport - toronto -- evening 323 the brennan enter , pull they carry - on bag . 324 int . pearson -- check -in desk -- evening 324 AIR CANADA clerk ( as she type ) Long way to go with just carry - on . JOHN ( smile ) you know how many time you have lose we bag ? AIR CANADA clerk I hear you . 325 int . toronto INTERNATIONAL airport -- night 325 John and lara wait for luke to step through the metal detector . the alarm sound . John and lara react as the security agent take luke into the glass isolation booth . 326 int . police station - interview room -- night 326 collero question Grace on the other side of the glass . she appear devastate . ( continued ) 110 . 326 continued : 326 detective collero so , you just decide to go for a drive , for the entire day ? grace George want to see the leave . track to the next room , where nabulsi question George . lo. nabulsi so you have absolutely no idea where they be go ? GEORGE I tell you . we never speak . George stare nabulsi down . 327 int . toronto INTERNATIONAL airport -- night 327 a female security agent search luke , dig a handful of canadian quarter out of he pocket . John 's heart race . 328 int . toronto airport - passport control -- night 328 the brennan approach passport control . lara glance at John , see he be sweat and red . she slip she hand into he and take the passport . lara I will do this . she turn and smile at the officer , put on all she charm . lara ( cont 'd ) hello . he remain stern -face . take they passport , he examine they against photograph on he computer screen . he look at they , look at the passport again , then finally wave they through . lara ( cont 'd ) thank you . as they step away , the passport officer turn , see he replacement wait . he stand and exit to take he break . the second passport control officer take he seat and motion for the next traveler to approach . as they do a alert come on he computer screen . he tap on it -- and up come photograph of lara and JOHN . ( continued ) 111 . 328 continued : 328 he note they , tap the screen again and the two take they place beside the other on the watch list . he motion for the traveler to hand over she passport . angle on the brennan walk away . 329 int . police station - situation room -- night 329 the phone be quiet . alone , Harris stare at the portion of the wall that he assemble . collero enter . detective quinn too bad you do not find more of it . sgt . harris yeah . and wish I could figure out where this be . he point to a small tear photo , tape back together . sgt . harris ( cont 'd ) I check website for every tourist destination I could -- detective collero that 's the presidential palace . ( Harris turn &amp ; stare ) it be all over CNN . when they depose ... what 's -his-name . 330 int . police station - nabulsi be office -- night 330 Harris burst in . sgt . harris we know where they be go ! 331 int . toronto airport - gate b- 15 -- night 331 John and lara sit , wait to board , luke asleep . AIR CANADA attendant ( v.o. ) we will now begin board by row . 331a int . toronto airport - security office -- night 331a a airport security chief snatch photo of lara and John out of the printer and bolt out of the office , join by two other officer . 112 . 332 int . toronto airport - jetway -- night 332 John , lara and luke walk down the jetway , until they be stop by the crowd of passenger before they . John try not to show how nervous he really be . 332a int . toronto airport - gate -- night 332a Airport Security run up to the gate and push past the board passenger , search they face . the Airport Security Chief stride past the passenger and onto the jetway , the page of photograph in he hand . 333 int . police station - situation room -- night 333 nabulsi wait in silence on the other end of a phone . the room be full , no one speak . 334 int . toronto airport - jetway -- night 334 a second airport security officer squeeze along the wall , pass the wait passenger . we pan to see luke 's brightly color roller - board . we heart stop ; it be all over . 335 int . police station - situation room -- night 335 nabulsi wait on the other line for a eternity . finally : airport security chief ( o.s. ) sorry . there be no one by they description on the flight . lo. nabulsi they be on it . do you have the photograph ? 335a int . toronto airport - jetway -- night 335 a the young AIR CANADA flight attendant kneel to help the child with the colorful rollerboard -- we see it 's a five year-old girl . AIR CANADA attendant can I take this for you ? airport security chief ( v.o. ) we have the photograph . they be not on this plane . 336 int . toronto airport - gate 32 -- continuous 336 now see the gate number and destination : port-au-prince . ( continued ) 113. 336 continued : 336 airport security chief ( listen , turn to attendant # 2 ) be there any other flight to Haiti tonight ? 337 int . police station - situation room -- continuous 337 airport security chief ( o.s. ) no other flight . anything else ? lo. nabulsi .... no . thank you . nabulsi hang up , defeat . quinn stare out the window , deep in think . detective quinn it 's start to rain . nabulsi look at he as if he 's nut . detective collero I will call the FBI . collero exit , quinn turn and look at the partial " wall . " detective quinn you ask yourself why we find this bag and not the other ? 338 int . airplane -- night 338 lara look up from she son , see she husband stare out the window at the darkness beyond . ding . AIR CANADA attendant ( v.o. ) the captain have switch off the seat belt light . Flight time to Caracas , Venezuela this evening be five hour and fifteen minute . while in you seat , the captain ask -- 339 int . police station - situation room -- night 339 now it 's just Harris and nabulsi , stare at John 's wall . lo. nabulsi this guy be a teacher ? sgt . harris at a community college . 114 . 340 int . grace and george' kitchen -- dawn 340 sitting in he pajamas , George flip open a ancient atla and run he finger down across the Gulf of Mexico to Caracas , Venezuela . and he think of he grandson and smile . 341 ext . venezuelan countryside ( helicopter shot ) -- day 341 a taxi snake along a mountain road , through the dense forest of Venezuela . 342 int . taxi - drive - mountain road -- day 342 exhausted but awake , John stare out the window at the coastline below . lara and luke sleep beside he . 343 ext . lara' office build - parking lot -- day 343 more rain . detective quinn squat in the cover parking lot , stare at the spot where the crime take place . flash to : 344 ext . parking garage - the past -- night 344 Elizabeth turn at she car , be slam in the head with the extinguisher and she fall dead . the extinguisher be toss to the floor and roll . a young female junkie yank at Elizabeth 's purse , get blood on she hand before she frees it . she look like a junkie . she run off toward the sidewalk . 344a quinn - in the present 344a turn and see ... 344b lara - in the past 344b she hurry along the sidewalk to get out of the rain . turn the corner into the garage she collide with the junkie . lara 's purse catch the woman 's coat . the junkie put she hand on lara 's shoulder , leave a smudge of elizabeth' blood on lara 's raincoat . she tug free . a button from the woman 's coat pop off and hit the sidewalk . lara turn and yell " hey , " then keep go . she be about to get in the car when she see the fire extinguisher in front of she leave wheel . she pick it up , turn , annoyed . she place it down by the wall . ( continued ) 115 . 344b continued : 344b lara get in she car and drive off , oblivious to Elizabeth 's body lie on the concrete floor on the passenger 's side . her co - worker see she drive off as he step into the garage . he spot the body and turn and look after lara 's car . 345 ext . lara' office build - parking lot -- day 345 quinn put he use gum in a wrapper . collero watch from the car as she partner walk to the corner of the building . quinn step up to where the two woman collide and look down at the sidewalk . detective quinn be it raining when we searched the crime scene ? detective collero Three year ago ?? what be we do here ? quinn drop he gum wrapper onto the sidewalk . it hit a stream of water come out from a rain gutter and wash away . quinn watch it -- then follow ... collero shake she head , grab a newspaper to keep the rain off and follow . the gum wrapper wash over the curb into the gutter and travel to the storm drain a half a block away . quinn get there , kneel . detective quinn Act like a cop . grab the other side . detective collero you be out of you mind . quinn jerk the grate up . collero grab the other side and help he lift . they stare down into the hole . quinn run he hand along the lip , digging up the mud and sediment ... find nothing . detective collero ( cont 'd ) you really think you be go to find it ? collero wipe she hand on a tissue as quinn stare down the hole a little longer , then let the grate fall . ( continued ) 116 . 345 continued : 345 close on inside lip of STORM drain just before the grate clang we see junkie' jacket button , squeeze between the grate and the wall . 346 ext . town square - south america -- evening 346 the taxi cross the ancient square of a small town . 347 int . colonial HOTEL -- evening 347 the room have two single bed . John wait at the bathroom door . lara step out , a real awkwardness between they . she touch he hand . he offer a smile . she slip past he . he step into the bathroom and close the door . lara lie down on the single bed furthest from the bathroom , face to face with she sleep son . without warning , he kiss she on the cheek , for the first time , without be prodd . he turn around and let she wrap she arm around he . and she almost die of happiness . 348 int . HOTEL bathroom -- continuous 348 John wash , try not to look in the mirror , not want to glimpse the man he have become . 349 int . HOTEL room -- night 349 lara and luke sleep , spoon . John sit on the other bed . he pick up the tv remote and flip through Spanish language station . and there it be : CNN in English . Sports right now , but John know there be no place they can hide . 350 int . bar -- day 350 damon take the money from John 's wallet , leave he with a twenty . damon good luck . damon leave he there . as John wonder if he be capable of do this , we cut to black . read : the next three day . hear : knock knock . Roll credit . < / grunt >