" the door of perception " screenplay by Paul schrader draft script 2000 ext . amazonia - sunset subtitle : amazonia 1960 . a ceremonial House in the upper reach of the amazon basin , " ceremonial house " be a euphemism for a raise platform cover by a thatched roof . in the distance , the sun slant low over a unending expanse of verdant jungle . a half dozen hippie expat sit around a low rough hewn table . atop the table of Heaven a earthen bowl , decorate with multi-color scene and fantastic creature , be circle by drink cup . ethan rankin , 20 , and vince garwood , 19 , the two american expat , wear jeans , sandal , t-shirt and long hair . they skin have a dull bluish color , the result of residue of a purification bath . trance music , constant , evolve , ripple below the surface . the expat look one to the other as the shaman , a elderly mestivo , ladle a brownish brew from the bowl into the individual cup . his assistant , don macita , 36 , help he . ethan and Vince 's expression fluctuate from nervous to expectant . each cradle he cup in he hand as the shaman , dispense the " tea , " start to sing a ancient icaros , a ritual chant , the melody which will accompany they on they journey . on a pre-arranged signal , each of the ceremonialist drink the brew in one sustained swallow . timecut . night : the hippie expat be scattered to the far reach of the ceremonial House , each barfing and shitting ( off camera , hopefully ) they inside out . Vince , wobbly , crawl to where ethan lie : vince ethan ... ( no answer ) rankin ? ethan Vince ? vince how be you ? ethan you ? vince weak , spacey . ethan 's countenance change : he face become placid , he eye widen . vince ethan ? ethan oh , Jesus , oh my God ... inside ethan's mind be eye : he shoot at sling - shot speed across the jungle canopy , trail star and cloud to he right and leave ; then , rapidly approach from the horizon , a giant iridescent speckle serpent zoom into view , its jaw open . Inside we fly , whirling through the serpent like passenger on a animistic roller coaster , until , twist and turn , the light grow bright and burst into a kaleidoscope of color -- subtitle : Mexico City , 2001 . CUT to : credit int . rave club - night the rainbow of color light come from dozen of flash bulb reflect off a disco ball . trance music cross - dissolves into techno with a Latin beat . below , a throbbing mass of kid gyrate and thrash . amid the mass of sweat ecstatic mexicanos , russell rankin , 26 , hop from one partner to the next . Russ ' unkempt hair and club clothes can not disguise what he be : american , intellectual , middle class -- a student on permanent foreign leave . the music grow discordant , off . Russell look around : something seem wrong . he stop dance , stare , anxious . definitely wrong . he 's grow paranoid . be it the drug ? no , be it the music , a earthquake ? no. he push he way toward the " salida . " a friend , notice the expression of Russ ' face , call to he : friend Russ , where you go ? russell I have get to go ! something 's wrong ! friend where ? russell I do not know . friend chill , come on , we will go someplace . russell no , I have get to go home . friend Home ? Russ elbow he way outside . CUT to : int . mexico CITY - night Russ , in a panic , throw clothes into a duffel bag in he hostel like residence . the wall be decorate with third world agit-prop , psychedelic poster and pre-raphaelite print . CUT to : int . mexico CITY airport - night just a few strand traveler ; otherwise , empty row of geometric chair . Russ lean over the counter of the only airline still open : russell I need to get to Portland , Oregon , US , on the next flight possible , the next connection . clerk there would not be anything until morning . six o'clock . russell put I on it . I have cash . Russell pull all the money he have out of he pocket . clerk ( suspicious ) do you have a passport ? russell ( pull it out ) right here . ( explain ) family emergency . end credit int . classroom - day subtitle : Portland . a institutionally plain classroom . hume ( hugh ) rankin , 30 , stand before a mix audience : male , female , older , young , mostly white . rankin , angular , clean cut , wear a white shirt with a silk tie . if he and he brother Russell could be put in box , he would be " straight , " and Russ would be " hip , " although , in fact , neither can be so simply define . in the back sit Vince garwood , now 60 , wear professorial jacket and tie . it 's not a class per se , as indicate by the fact that some listener drink coffee , some be dress in soile work clothes , other business outfit . hume speak : hume ... I have be through this with each of you individually , but now , collectively , we have the joint opportunity to air any concern or anxiety . this dmt -- dimethyltryptamine -- trial be the first such study to be approve by the fda , so forgive we if we err on the side of caution . we have choose dmt as the pioneer psychotropic compound for several reason : it naturally occur in the body , evident in such state as schizophrenia and manic depression . to the extent that we can understand why serotonin be affect by dmt , we might unlock some of the mystery for such disable disorder . second , it be a intense drug . the vision will be strong . third , it 's short act . it 's in and out fast . should anyone have a unpleasant experience , at least it will be over quickly . all of you have previous experience with psychedelic drug , some extensive experience . this will be a much more control environment . 1.0 mge / kg of dimethyltryptamine will be injected intramuscularly , not smoke as be the usual practice . this retard the speed at which the drug become effective , but it 's the only way to be sure everyone receive the same dosage . you have all sign the inform consent form , but I want to take this opportunity to invite you friend and relative to a open forum . if anyone have any question , please ask . if anyone have second thought about be a trial subject , you may withdraw you consent at any time . question ? a awkward seat-shift . no one want to appear unhip . the girlfriend of one of the trial participant half - raise she hand . hume yes ? girlfriend Dr. rankin ... hume Hugh . girlfriend have you take dimetheltrimethitripo ... ( awkward communal laugh ) ... dmt ? hume since 1970 dimethyltryptamine , along with virtually every other hallucinogen , have be a schedule I drug , meaning that any unauthorize use be a crime . I do not break the law . but yes , I have take dmt , inhale and intramuscular , outside the country and in legally approve situation . be it dangerous ? only if you fear death by astonishment . ( scattered laughter ) because you will be astonished . I have zero qualm about administer or use this substance . a older man raise he hand : older man there be that , and I be not one of they , who say this program be just a excuse for recreational drug use . nervous laughter . the audience be predominantly and unabashedly pro-drug . hume I do not like the word " recreational . " it imply something trivial . vision - induce plant be functional , and have be for hundred , maybe thousand of year . they teach we about ourselves . a dmt voyage , like any trip , be instructional . you will return know more about the world around you and the world inside you . ( beat ) the purpose of the trial be not recreational , it be scientific . CUT to : int . corridor / office - day hume and Vince garwood walk along the hallway lead from the classroom . participant small talk in the background . hume what do you think ? vince you mean be there any " spy , " member of fifth estate ? no , it be cool . you do good . hume thanks , Vince . vince it 's such a delicate balance . you want to be open and candid -- we have nothing to hide ; on the other hand , we all know the devastating effect too much publicity have have on this type of research . ( beat ) I particularly like the line about not break the law . hume chuckle as garwood stop at he office , open the door . Inside it 's a rat 's nest of book , papers and ethographic souvenir . frame picture of emmanuel swedenborg , William blake and aldous huxley hang between the window . vince when do you start ? hume Monday . you go to be there for the first trial ? vince what time ? hume ten a.m . at the clinic . vince okay . again , good work . they nod goodbye as garwood close the door . CUT to : ext . hume house - late afternoon hume drive he green camry through the leafy South Park street surround the university . he slow , turn into the driveway of he 20 's " California cottage " house . Portland , the martha Stewart of american city , enforce zone regulation to preserve the quaint nature of its older neighborhood . on the front step sit Russell rankin , unshaven , duffel bag at he side . it take hume , get out of the car , a moment to recognize he brother : hume Russ , be that you ? Russell ? Russ get up , sheepishly slouches over to he brother who embrace he . hume jeez , six month without a boo or a bah , now -- it 's great to see you . what 's go on ? russell I just feel ... I want to come home . hume well , come in . meet allison ... ( look around ) I guess she 's not home yet . come on in . you want a beer or a soda or anything ? Hugh pull out he house key as they walk up the step . russell Water . I be thirsty from the plane . CUT to : int . live room - late afternoon Russ look around the room : sofa , mismatch chair , dining table stack high with book -- furnishings familiar to anyone who have spend a extend period in grad school . a haitian painting depict a voodoo ceremony hang in the dining room . one corner of the room have be section off . a wooden buddha in the padmasana position sit on a cover pedestal , before it , a meditation mat and between the mat and buddha , incense censor and joss stick . hume return from the kitchen bear a glass of water . Russ gulp the water , sigh . there 's something on he mind . hume okay , brother , com 'on , out with it . what happen ? russell it 's hard to explain . hume be you in trouble ? russell no . I be in a club the other night , well , last night , in Mexico City , that 's where I have be live , get into indian culture and all that and I get this feel , this very strong feel , that something be wrong . that someone be in danger -- hume you have a panic attack . russell I have a premonition . ( beat ) be Mom all right ? hume you should have call . russell I want to see she . be she all right ? hume you all right ? Russ nod . Hugh sigh , confirm he brother 's fear : hume there may be a reoccurrence of the cancer . in she lung . Russell emit a noise ; he know it : russell let 's go see she . hume I will call . we will drop by tomorrow . russell we could go now . hume ( firm ) tomorrow afternoon . I have get to have some time to prepare she . you two do not exactly leave on the best of term . ( beat ) you need some rest . and a shave . CUT to : int . mother' live room - day freshly cut flower in a vase ; the boy ' gift to they mother . evangeline rankin , 59 , Russell and hume 's mother , cradle a cup of coffee . the decor be middle - brow , but not cheesy ( tansu chest , print by local artist , etc . ) . evangeline , a bit gaunt , exhibit the healthy glow associate with the Northwest 's outdoor culture . she wear a shiny gold cross . hume and Russell , also hold cup of coffee , sit on the edge of they match upholster chair . the mood be more formal than one would expect of a family " reunion . " evangeline more coffee ? hume no , Mom , I be fine . russell I too . evangeline it 's from kona . ( off they reaction ) the coffee . russell delicious . hume be you out this morning , power - walk ? evangeline yes , with Judy , but this day it 's more walk than power . in fact , we turn back after fifteen minute . awkward beat : no one want to bring up she fail medical condition . evangeline ( to Russell ) be you plan to stay long ? russell a couple of day at least . we will see what happen . it 's good to see you . hume set he coffee down , get up : hume I gotta go see a man about a dog . he head for the bathroom . evangeline and Russ smile ; this be a old family expression . evangeline ( to Russ ) you be in Mexico City ? ( he nod ) the american University ? russell well , it be not a school in the formal sense . it 's a group of young scholar with sympathetic interest -- evangeline like a commune ? russell we would not use that term . evangeline and this sympathetic interest , what be they ? russell indigenous american culture . pre- columbian society . tribal organization , tribal rite -- evangeline you mean peyote . you be talk about peyote , right ? ( no reply ) oh my God . russell it 's nothing to be ashamed of . what do you think hume do at the University , at the clinic ? her reply be sharp , censorious -- and full of denial : evangeline he 's a bio-chemist . russell he do drug research . evangeline he have a Ph.D. Russ roll he eye . her tone turn angry : evangeline everything that have go wrong with this family can be trace directly back to drug . russell Mom , stop . just stop . evangeline drug have be the death of this family . Russ , already on tender hook , reach the end of he proper behavior : russell no wonder dad leave you . Jesus Christ . tell I , have he ever be in touch with you in , what , twenty year ? she start to cry . hume , return , overhear Russ ' conversation , groan : he should have never leave they alone . evangeline turn to hume : evangeline he have not change . he 's always look for trouble , he go to jail -- hume Mom , it be petty larceny -- evangeline and drug . hume he be never in jail . he be on probation . evangeline every time I see he I see he father . Russ , feed up , stand up : russell that 's it . ( to mother ) I do not blame he . hume grab he brother by the arm and , shoot he mother a hard look , escort Russ to the front door . russell ( to hume ) she life in worst case scenario - land . hume ( look back ) Mom , I will call you . CUT to : ext . mother' house - day they emerge from the proper middle - class home . hume , keep Russell move , head toward the camry . russell I do not know why I come back . what be I think ? it be a bad idea . hume ( reproachful ) Russ . bam ! they run smack into a thirtiesh gardener : russell asshole ! why do not you look be the fuck you be go ? hume throw a apologetic look at the gardener ( " it 's nothing " ) , continue toward the car . CUT to : int . hume dine room - night hume , Russ , and allison sit around the empty dinner plate , sip tea , wine . allison , 25 , be the model of intelligent hipness : attractive , long-hair tie in a ponytail , wear a loose plaid shirt . allison ... I be try to teach my student about life . I say to they , " the only way you can be sure you be love for yourself and not for money or sex , be if you be unattractive and poor . " but then I explain it 's very hard to be love if you be like that . russell that make love practically impossible . allison they need to know what they be up against . they laugh . allison turn to Russ : allison hume 's talk about you a lot , and I have to say , I have not be disappointed . russell ( chuckle ) yeah , I really fuck up today . allison you should go back , not tomorrow , but soon , and apologize . russell ( hard , edgy ) that 's one point of view . allison yes . mine . allison shake a cigarette from a pack , light up . Russ look to hume ; she explain : allison hume do not approve of artificially enhance nicotine . hume one make certain concession for love . allison ( to Russ ) you want one ? russell Nah . but you know , of course , marijuana be also carcinogenic . hume well ... allison start to stack the plate . hume here , let we help you . Russ reach over to assist he brother . CUT to : ext . hume front porch - night hume and Russell sit on the front step sip chardonnay . night cricket be interrupt by the sound of the occasional pass car . russell to be honest , I would sort of come to the end of my interest in mescaline . mostly just get stone . hume that 's what you be do in that club ? when you have the panic attack ? russell ( sheepish ) not really . hume mdma . russell yep . hume it 's a interesting drug . there 's important work be do on ecstacy at John hopkins , in Barcelona : neuroendocrine effect , vasopressin secretion ... russell what be you into ? hume we be start a trial on dmt . russell the harmaline ? hoo boy . the heavy stuff . how you get away with that ? hume Cause I be a good boy . russell how can you put up with it ? all the shit you have to deal with in this country ? hume somebody 's get to stay and fight the good fight . the best lab be here , the best scientist be here -- you do work in this country and the scientific community have to take it seriously . besides , with the internet , everybody be connect now . you know the organization map ? ( Russ nod ) through map now we be in constant contact with research all around the world : Spain , Finland , Brazil . it 's not like it use to be . russell good old hume rankin . hume do not mock I bro . russell ( lift glass ) excuse-moi . hume ( click glass ) thing be go to change . it 's too important not to change . russell psilocybin , that 's where I realize I want to be , but I just be not ... well , I just I be scared . the big drug , the see God drug , that 's what it 's all about . hume this extraordinary imagery we all have within we . this thing , unworldly thing , that just appear . where do they come from ? what be they try to say ? russell the old dilemma . you open that door of perception , what happen ? do you see this world more clearly or do you come in contact with another world ? hume do the inside come out or do the outside come in ? russell the Freud / jung dilemma . hume it 's not politically correct , and I will deny I have say this if you repeat it , but I believe there 's a parallel world of awareness that this plant give we access to . it may be the way primitive man first become aware of the spiritual world . russell ( joke ) " Jesus be a plant . " hume ( respond in kind ) I deny it . I never say that . russell so , this dmt trial , you get everyone sign up ? ( hume nod ) you can not fit one more in ? hume why ? russell you get a bunch of Portland deadhead sign up for this trial and you be go to interview they silly . would not it be better to have one subject who have study psychotropic affect , who 's personal history be intimately conjoin with you own , someone with whom you can truly discuss the result of the trip ? hume you want in ? russell can you swing it ? hume ( think ) yeah . if you do not advertise . russell yes sir. ( beat ) tell I one thing , Professor rankin . hume what ? russell do you , ah , offer mileage plus ? CUT to : int . hamburger king - day Russell fill out a form under the manager be watchful eye . the manager can not help but notice Russ ' overqualification . manager we have a advancement Program . russell not really , I be between situation . I need short term employment . I do not want to be a burden on my friend . manager we have a investment in training you . russell ( quizzical look ) it 's a counter position . manager this be a service- intensive occupation . russell Mr. bank , I have work in the fast food business . I seek only to be a diligent employee . I understand customer . CUT to : ext . head shop - day the local drug paraphernalia , radical press , vinyl oldy , heavy Metal store . CUT to : int . head shop - day Russ step over to the counter , approach a eighteen year - old head in a korn t-shirt . russell Chuck around ? korn shirt Chuck who ? russell wistelm . " chuckie wisdom . " korn shirt oh yeah , chuckie . no , nah , I do not know . russell I use to hang here . korn shirt he get bust -- or maybe not , I be not sure . that be before my time . russell how long you be here ? korn shirt six week . ( recognize he ) you be Russ rankin , right ? ( Russ shrug ) I be Joe . I come here , like before I have this , like job -- you be heavy , you be like a major dope dude huh ? ( call to unseen employee ) hey , this be Russ rankin . Russ change he mind about come here : russell my name 's Bob . a teenage female employee , tattooe , huge breast under a marley shirt , walk over . female employee yeah ? russell I be just look for chuckie wisdom . female employee chuckie who ? russell hey , it 's nothing . groove on . he walk off . female employee you find he , tell he I get some crab of he . CUT to : int . clinic - day Russell , with three other trial participant , walk down a severe hospital corridor with hume and two assistant . Russ , look at the patient room , the white wall , the brutal machinery of modern medicine , turn to hume : russell and they wonder why people have bad trip ? hume the set be not what it should be , but it 's important to operate in a clinical environment . anyway , the " set , " the mind set , be more important than the physical set . russell no problem . CUT to : int . trial clinical lab - day Russ and the other volunteer sit in leisure chair in a white - wall room . each , sleeve roll up , have a blood pressure cuff and iv attach to one arm , a double - valve blood needle to the other . ekg wire extend from under they smock . the Assistant draw blood from each of the participant as hume , wear a blue button down collar shirt with a dark tie , lower the light on a rheostat . hume we will , during the duration of the trial , approximately twenty minute , draw blood at regular interval as well as check pupil diameter -- none of which will effect you experience . if anything , it will provide a comforting connection to the real world of the clinic . be there any question ? no question . the volunteer be prepare , even eager . hume step back to five video camera , one train on each of the participant , check if they be run : all red light glow . hume step away , look as the door open : garwood enter the darken room . hume relax you muscle , let the tension flow from you body and : pay attention . hume give the signal : the assistant move from one participant to the next , open the iv valve , let the saline / dmt mix flow into the tube . the assistant withdraw , pick up they clipboard , sit on fold chair , one against each wall . ekg machine : heart rate slow . trance music , first a faint echo , grow louder ; the drug start to take effect : Russell 's eye slowly close as the camera go through the eyelid , into he mydriatic ( dilate ) eyeball . author 's note : there be several extend trip sequence in the script . although I will sketch the rudimentary stage of each trip , word be inadequate to describe a multi-layered constantly morph hallucinogenic experience . although the trip description necessarily fall into linear , logical pattern , the final screen image should be much more free - flow and imagistic . a better reference would be by the computer graphic " trip " video put out by Sony Music video ( with title like " odyssey into the mind 's Eye , " " luminous vision " and " ancient alien " ) . the effect that can be create by cut edge computer graphic be , as the say go , " mind blow . " in russ ' mind be eye : the geometric line of the room collide , fall away as we tumble , into the vortex , through the twist tube to the other side . russell's voice it 's fall away ... the sound of crinkling cellphone , a rise tone , then , suddenly , out of the tunnel the world explode in splintering mandalas of pink , red , and orange . it be as mircea eliade write about the religious experience , " a complete rupture of the mundane plain . " the kaleidoscope of splinter color trail like a fleeting firebird give way to a undulate sea of serenity . off to the leave , in the distance , lie the Ice country , but we be not go there . a flock of strangely color bird glide below , they trill merge with the music like a choir . we pass the waterfall where dead soul bathe . the effect be not unlike that of a child observe a three - ring circus : so much be happen , so much that we have never see before , all of it simultaneous -- and all of it so astonish . there 's no way to absorb it all . one only watch with slack - jaw wonder . in the clinic : hume watch as a Assistant take Russ ' blood pressure . Russell sit unmove , lose in time and space . in he mind be eye : a high plain appear in the distance ; approach , it 's green and welcoming . on the horizon , a eerie light glow . small creature scramble across the plain as we land . as they approach we realize this be the elve , miniature mutate folk radiating joy and playfulness . they be all smile . the grass grow tall , soon we be in a ancient overgrown forrest . the elve lead we through the darken wood . a panther watch from a tree limb , he eye pierce tree . the music darken , a ominous mood well from the Earth 's core . but the elve still seem happy and we follow , move quick now . out of the forest , on the valley floor , sit the saucer , the source of the eerie glow . the silver skin pulsate like a live be . this be where the elve have be lead we -- but now , suddenly they be go . the door to the saucer open ; a blue warmth radiate from within . a human silhouette appear in the doorway . we draw nearer . the silhouette be evangeline , she arm across she stomach . she pull back she hand , revealing a open wound . her hand be red with blood . in the clinic : Russ shift in he chair anxiously . it 's as if he 's try to get out of he body without stand up . hume check the ekg monitor ; Russ ' heart rate increase . russell Mom . in he mind be eye : evangeline extend she hand , lead we inside . the music , still hypnotic , have take on a frightening nine inch Nails quality . Inside the saucer we be lead from room to room . shift plane of shade of blue surround we . the floor seem liquid at we foot . he hear a tv show , " Jeopardy . " Alex trebek say " the Taj Mahal , Solomon 's Palace and billy Joel 's beach house all have this in common . " evangeline take we to where a thirty year - old man stand wear dark old jeans and a T-shirt . hanging from one hand be a blood drip butcher knife . this be the murderer . in the clinic : Russ squirm . hume check he watch ; it 's be eighteen minute . one of the other participant open he eye , say something to one of the assistant . russell stop , stop . in russ ' mind be eye : the murderer lift he other hand . from he finger tangles evangeline 's gold cross . he press the cross into we palm . we fall into the whirlpool . in the clinic : Russell awaken , frighten , tremble , he face bead with sweat . hume kneel beside he . Russ attempt to speak , but cannot . hume Russ ? he look at the ekg monitor , double - check with the Assistant who be take Russ ' pulse , check he pupil dilation . she indicate Russ be fine . russell ( groggy ) we have to go to mother 's house . hume we can not do that . you be not fully down yet . we will go in a while . russell ( soft , urgent ) no , we have get to go now . hume attempt to calm he , but now Russ be on he foot , pull the ekg sensor from he chest , blood pressure cuff from he arm . he start for the exit . russell I will go on my own . Russ break free from the Assistant 's attempt to restrain he , head for the exit . hume call after : hume no , no , I will take you . let 's get you shirt . hume throw a perplex backward glance to garwood as he follow . CUT to : int . / ext . hume's car - day Russ , wear he street shirt , ride shotgun as hume negotiate the camry though a Portland suburban subdivision . Russ ' eye be focus on the road ahead . classic rock play on the fm . russell turn it off . it take hume a moment to understand what he brother mean . he click off the stereo . hume what happen ? what 's this all about ? ( no reply ) you be just go to sit there ? I mean , what can be so bad ? you be not go to create a scene be you ? they turn a corner : the house appear . Russ tense . hume pull into the drive , park behind they mother 's van . they get out , walk to the front door . at the door : hume ring the chime . no answer . ring again . the brother look to each other . hume turn the knob : it 's unlock . the door swing open . they step inside -- CUT to : int . mother' house - day everything appear normal , everything as it be the day before . Russ and hume walk into the live room . Day old cut flower in they vase . Russell relax . maybe it 's nothing after all . then , from the tv room , he hear a SOUND which send a chill up he spine : " Jeopardy . " Alex trebek 's voice echoe from the de : " the Taj Mahal , Solomon 's Palace and billy Joel 's beach house have this in common . " buzzer sound . " yes , Mike . " Russ turn he head , catch tv Mike as he reply : " they be all build for love . " Russ , now fearful , notice red stain on the carpet as they proceed . the bedroom door be ajar . it hit hume : something be very wrong : hume Mom ? Russell push the bedroom door open , revealing a horrific tableau . evangeline , she stomach slice open , she hand cut with defensive wound , she breast repeatedly puncture , lie beside the bed . everywhere , the room show sign of a struggle : a lamp knock over , chair askew , coverlet half off the mattress . hume resist the impulse to rush to he mother 's side . Russ , he head in he hand , sob . hume ( quiet ) do not touch anything . it 's a crime scene . mother , Mom , Mom ... hume step closer . russell she 's dead . hume ( voice crack ) yes. ( beat ) I be go to another room , call 911 . be you all right ? I mean , to deal with the police and whatever . I could drive you home , come back and call . russell no , I be all right . I be down . go ahead and call . ( beat ) hume ? hume yeah ? ( no reply ) Russell ? russell I see it . CUT to : ext . mother' house - day paramedics wheel the gurney carry evangeline 's body bag to a await ems vehicle . Police car be park at every which angle . crime scene tape fence off the front yard as officer hold back curious onlooker and media crew . CUT to : int . live room - afternoon hume and Russ sit on the chair they occupy the day before . across from they be homicide detective lawrence , 40 , a veteran of such situation . Police and m.e. technician go through the house with orderly precision , collect evidence . glancing time to time at the victim 's son , the technician work as silently as possible . lawrence ... I will be in touch tomorrow , Dr. rankin , but you touch nothing ? hume the front door , we walk here , here , there -- otherwise , nothing . I use the phone in the de . russell we be here yesterday . that 's why we come back . we have a argument . hume ( explain ) we come to see Mom and , well , you know , the usual parent - child stuff . we want to patch it up . lawrence that 's why you be together ? hume yes . lawrence and you father ? hume my father and my mother break up twenty ... one year ago . she have not see he since . lawrence where be he now ? hume I do not know . lawrence be there anything , you can think about it , be there anything unusual , anything that might give we a direction to pursue ? hume shrug . russell she be sick . she have lung cancer . she have a mastectomy , but the cancer return . lawrence how be this relevant ? russell it be not . but , I mean , what kind of person kill a die woman ? CUT to : ext . hume's house - night incense burn at the foot of the shrine . Blue tv light flicker from a tv across the room . hume , Russell and allison , somber , sit watch the videotape of Russ ' trip . hume hold a staple ekg of Russ ' minute - by - minute progress . on screen : Russell , ekg wire under he smock , iv and cuff on he arm , lie quiescent on the Clinic lounge chair . russell ( watch the video ) the grass grow and it be like a forest , a jungle , there be a panther ... hume ( turn page ) Minute fourteen . russell ... the elve lead I out of the wood ... hume there 's a lot of literature on elve . Terry mckenna have a thing about they . Spirit escort to the other World . russell ( watch himself on screen ) there , there , it 's start . I see the saucer . I see the light . Blue light . she 's there . on screen : Russ , turn he seat , say : " Mom . " russell ( back in house ) my God . hume ( read ) heart rate elevate . blood pressure up . russell she take I to he . I can see he clearly . I see he in every detail . allison reach over , touch Russ . on screen : Russ , squirming , say : " stop , stop . " russell he place she cross in my hand . on screen : hume kneel beside Russ . the trip be over . Russell , sweat , open he eye . hume twenty - one minute , ekg , blood pressure return to normal . on screen : hume and Russell exit frame . the screen return to static . allison , use the remote , click off the tv . Russ sigh deeply . silence . allison ( quiet ) wow . russell I ... do you believe I ? allison yes . Russ turn to a reluctant hume . he extend he right arm , hold out he hand , which he have keep ball up , both here and in he mother 's house , open he hand , uncurl the finger , reveal he palm : there , on the tender part of he palm , be a burn MARK of a cross , the exact size of he mother 's gold cross . they stare without response . Russ , wiping he wet eye , stand : russell I be go to bed . he walk away . allison wait until Russ ' door close . allison do you believe he ? hume ( hesitant ) yes , I do , but ... allison but what ? hume I do not know what it mean . CUT to : int . lawrence's cubicle - day Russell sit beside detective lawrence . russell what do you mean , no new development ? lawrence Mr. rankin , you mother 's murder ... ( check watch ) occur thirty - four hour ago . believe I , this be a high profile crime . we be employ every resource at we disposal - the forensic result , a lot of it be still come through . russell but the evidence , witness , somebody must have see something ... Russ ' intensity can not help but pique the detective 's interest . lawrence we have canvass the neighborhood , we be go back , re-interviewing -- go out on the news show , I be sure you have see they . when 's the funeral ? russell ( correct he ) Memorial service . ( beat ) Day after tomorrow . lawrence I speak with you father . russell huh ? lawrence in England . that 's where he life . I be go to have he interview there , but he 's decide to return for the funeral . Russell fall silent , not know what to say or feel . lawrence you mean he do not tell you ? CUT to : int . garwood be office - day Vince garwood , wear a tweed jacket and tie , turn a small incan god in he hand , sit at he desk across from hume rankin . the desk be stack with research papers ; the shelf line with book on chemistry and psychedelic experience . a chart on one wall show the chemical structure of various drug : tma , mdma , mescaline , lsd , etc . a frame photo of garwood and ethan rankin as young man sit on the bookshelf . vince I have hear and read a thousand trip storey , I have be to a hundred conference , but I have never hear anything like this . Glossolalia , time and space travel , hyperspace heal , eschatological hysteria , material transformation , phone call to the dead , be devoure by giant cat -- but not this . be you go to write it up ? hume I have not decide what to do . you be the first one I have tell . vince how 's Russ ? hume this whole thing have freak he . apart from that , he 's fine . Hell , it 's freak I . it 's hard to grieve properly with this other stuff hang over we head . vince I understand . I wish I could put it in context for you . hume I know this be not something we discuss , but have you be in contact with my father ? vince no , why ? hume the police locate he . he 's go to come back for the memorial service . do not that strike you as odd ? vince yes. ( refer to incan God ) this be once high - tech . hume and you have never hear from he , about he ? vince no , but think back , everything about you father be odd . there be two paradigm for work in this field . there be huxleyite , who believe psychotropic drug be for the prepare few . there be that like Tim leary who be popularizer , who want everyone to turn on . I be a huxleyite , ethan be a learyist and he get terribly burn for it . leary do not mind when they turn he into a clown , in fact , he get off on it ; but not ethan . he could not stand the ridicule , the rejection , the cheapen of he idea . he turn he back on the whole thing . I do not know what you mother tell you , but I think this be underneath the problem ethan and evangeline be have . CUT to : ext . ft. steven state park - day Fort Stevens State Park , formerly a military reservation , sit on a picturesque finger of land between the Columbia River and the Pacific Ocean . Friends and family of evangeline rankin stand under a open tent . her smile photograph rest on a stand to one side of the tent ; opposite be a table for refreshment . the conservatively dress mourner stand in rank as a nondenominational minister release she ash to the wind and sea . the word " evangeline rankin " permeate the fog of repression . a lone trumpeter play " I shall be lifted up . " hume , Russ , and allison watch beside ethan rankin , now 61 , wear what can best be describe as " gentleman farmer " attire . Vince garwood and he wife stand a row back . Russ glance at he palm : the cross burn mark be faint , almost go . timecut : the bar be open . Friends and family mill about , chat quietly , sip wine , coffee and perrier . ethan , avoid garwood , join hume and Russ . allison watch as they step away from the other , view the great confluence of water . ethan that be very move . she be a good woman . better than I deserve . I be glad I come . hume I be glad you do too . dad . ethan react with a self - deprecatory smile : ethan I can not say I have be much of a parent . ( beat ) I be go back to Britain tonight . this take the boy by surprise . russell can not you stay a bit longer ? ethan ( shake head ) I almost come back five , six year ago , but I do some check . ( to hume ) you be involved in psychedelics , be not you ? hume um-hmm . ethan I go to the library , look you up . read some of the article you have write . how in God 's name do you end up in that field ? tell I . hume ( halting ) well , I be pre-med . I want to be a doctor , just like you . I get interested in brain function , how neurotransmitters react , why certain alkaloid effect the brain as they do , which then of course lead to psychotropic drug which lead I here . just like you . ethan psychedelics ruin my life and they will ruin yours too . ruine my reputation , ruin my marriage , ruin my self -esteem . I have a new life now and I want no contact with this one . ( hard : to hume ) get out , hume . get out before it ruin you life . ( to both : voice crack ) maybe we will meet again . we will see . Russ and hume watch as they father , fight back emotion , walk a half dozen step away , stare out at the ocean . hume turn to he brother , stunne : hume wow . russell ( lighter ) yeah , well , what do you expect from a man who name he son after british philosopher ? CUT to : int . / ext . hume's car - day hume drive he brother and allison back to Portland . Russell think , then : russell I still see he . I can see he as clear as I see you . hume who ? russell the murderer . allison the one inside the saucer ? russell yeah . hume start to reply , stop . russell I think we have to do something about it . what if he 's a know psychopath ? what if he 's kill someone else in some other city right now ? hume what do you propose ? russell well , since I have the image so clear in my mind , we could go to the police , to detective lawrence . I be sure they have a sketch artist , you know , a sketch kit , then they could take the murder 's face , see if anybody recognize he . allison but what if he 's not the murderer ? what if it 's just somebody you see somewhere and incorporate into you unconscious ? russell well , then he will have a alibi , right ? ( hume look unconvince ) hume , I think this be a real person . we have a moral obligation to help catch he . we have a obligation to we mother . CUT to : int . hume dine room - night Russ and hume , in the darken room , lean across the table face each other . the conversation continue from the previous scene : hume okay , we will do it . we will call lawrence in the morning . but we have get to have the story straight . Russ state the " official " version : russell during the dmt trial I have a vision . I see Mom bloody , I see the murderer stand beside she , hold a bloody butcher knife . afterwards , we go over to she house and find she dead . hume do not tell he about the elve . russell no . hume whatever you do , do not tell he about the fly saucer . russell no way . CUT to : int . police lab - day Russ lean beside a female police sketch artist work on a computer . on the screen a face emerge from the many possibility . russell I would say the eye ... show I some additional eye choice . she bring up a screen full of white male eye match ; he pick one . she add the new eye -- much better . almost a exact replication of the murderer 's face . spooky . and frightening . russell now the skin color ... CUT to : int . interrogation room - day a utilitarian space : four wall , three chair and a metal table . lawrence , in a casual mood , sit across from the brother . in front of he be the open case file , Russ ' statement and the computer - generate sketch of the murderer . lawrence you know that expression , " I have see it all ? " remind I not to use it again . ( to hume ) thanks for come by . I think it would be good to go over it with both of you . ( indicate photo sketch ) be this a good resemblance ? he be , of course , try to catch hume unawares . hume I would have no idea . I be not " there . " russell it 's very good . almost exact . lawrence I will pass it around , very discretely , of course , give the circumstance . see if it get a hit . I do not think broad dissemination be well - advise . I check with you department at the University . everything about the drug trial be apparently on the up and up . there will not be any negative repercussion . russell I think this be he . this be the killer . and he 's real . I believe that , I can not tell you why . lawrence why can not you tell I ? russell it 's not that I will not tell you , it 's just that my reason be more intuitive than rational . lawrence 's beeper go off . he check it , turn to Russ : lawrence I hope you be not plan on participate in any additional trial . russell no , sir , I be not . it 's not that lawrence be dense or insensitive , but he 's from another mindset . the detective page through Russ ' statement : lawrence okay , let I go through this again . this dmt trip . let 's back up to the point where you encounter the " self - transform machine elve . " hume look at Russ incredulously : hume you tell he about the elve ? Russell , defensive , reply to hume : russell I have to . otherwise it would not make any sense . how else could I explain how I get to the saucer ? hume ( even more incredulous ) you tell he about the fly saucer ? CUT to : ext . hume house - night hume 's camry , he mother 's van park in the driveway . CUT to : int . hume house - night a single light burn . hume , he leg fold in the lotus position , meditate before the shrine . he repeat softly , " om mani pene hang , om mani pene hang ... " CUT to : int . hamburger king - day Russ , wear he hamburger King shirt , he hamburger King cap , he " Russell " name tag , take order from a gaggle of high school student . CUT to : int . clinic - day hume , garwood and the assistant collect ekg data , videotape and note after another dmt trial . a few participant linger , talk amongst themselves . Russ step silently in , rap he knuckle on the door jam : russell hume ? hume yeah ? russell you about do ? hume ( look around ) give I twenty minute . I will meet you downstairs in the snack shop . Russ nod , wave to garwood , walk away . CUT to : int . clinic snack shop - day they share coffee and soda water at a table in the upscale snack shop : designer coffee selection , croissant and scone , vegetarian wrap and snack . hume the police have unseal Mom 's house . we have to arrange the disposition of she possession . russell how 's the trial go ? hume good . russell no more freak-out ? hume no . russell I have be think . hume no kid . I too . russell the police be not do anything . I can not say I blame they , not after that fiasco with detective lawrence . I mean , we come off like a comedy team . hume you have speak with lawrence ? russell I do not have to . murder like this be solve in seventy - two hour -- or not at all . or at least not until the killer make a mistake . it 's be over a week . there 's nothing in the papers , on the news . hume what make I think you have something in mind ? you want I to get a copy of the sketch ? you want to circulate it privately ? russell no , not that . hume what then ? russell the murderer exist up here . ( point to he head ) so do , I imagine , he identity -- or at least , clue to he identity . there 's only one way to access that information . that be to return to the scene of the identification . learn more about he . ( beat ) to take another trip . hume there 's no way garwood would let you back into the trial . russell I know . besides , I do not want to trip at the Clinic . that set be not good -- I will do it at you place . I will smoke the dmt , not inject it . mix a little syrian rue to extend it . that way the experience will be stronger , sharper . hume it 's illegal . russell drug use be base on loss of control . drug law be create by that who be terrify by loss of control -- hume you be preaching to the choir . russell you be tell I you can not get dmt crystal ? this be the Pacific Northwest , man . we be in the fuck epicenter of drug consciousness . you do not even have to go through the Clinic . ( no response ) or I should get it on my own ? hume what do you think will happen ? ( Russ do not understand ) when you trip ? russell I be go back , hume . he will not avoid I . you know how the hallucinatory mind work : you say the word " blue " and you see more shade of blue than you ever imagine . I will call he , he will appear -- and when I meet he , I will find out more about he . something we can use . hume exhales , sip he water . russell there 's no other way . hume if you do it -- russell I be . hume I do not think you should do it alone . ( beat ) I would have to come with you . russell you want to meet he ? hume I would not mind . russell be that a yes ? hume no . russell but you will think about it ? hume I will think about it . CUT to : int . hume house - night the " set " have be prepare : two mat , low indirect lighting , a mount camcorder . Russ , wear short and a baggy T-shirt , sit on one of the mat . hume , similarly dress , place a goa trance CD in the stereo as allison label a video tape , put it in the camcorder . hume take the haitian voodoo ceremony painting off the dining room wall , turn it , place it on the floor , face to the wall : hume ( explain ) I would hate to look at that and up in that trip . ( to Russ ) I opt to go without any carrier . that way the effect will be strongest and shortest . I think twenty minute be more than enough . hume carry a box contain a glass pipe , a small vial of pale pink powder , herb , a strainer and a small kitchen knife to where Russ sit , place it on the floor , sit beside Russ . trance music -- mantra undulation laid over a gentle techno throb -- play softly . hume ( to allison ) be the designate driver ready ? allison ( nod ) why be it the boy get to have all the fun ? allison check through the camcorder -- the wide - angle lens encompass both brother -- press " record . " the red light glow . she sit beside the brother as hume place dmt powder in the bowl of the glass pipe . hume ( to Russ ) if you make a object , you say it first , then I will repeat it . ( to allison ) everything okay ? ( to Russ ) relaxed ? Russ nod . hume pay attention . hume strike a match , light the powder , inhale deeply . hume react to the harsh chemical smoke as he pass the pipe to Russell . Russ inhale , set the pipe down , close he eye . hume , feel the onrush of drug effect , look over to allison ... the crackle , the rise tone and they 're off . Alan watt describe the dmt experience as " be fire out of the muzzle of a atomic cannon . " note : although this be primarily Russ ' trip , at time we will see both vision simultaneously on a split-screen . the camera snap zoom into each of they forehead , throw out , in diptych , three time / space tunnel as they tumble into the multi-color vortex . the two simultaneously tumble tunnel grow progressively white until they merge , the entire screen luminescent , Russ ' face double expose beneath : this be he vision . we fly across water , jewel- like crystal reflect off its surface . to we right the promontory at Ft. Stevens State Park approach , its earth heaving up , morph into roll hump in a desert , which now surround we . except it 's liquid . the hump continue to grow , morph snake- like across the surface below . no , penis-like . in fact everything be sexualized . the trail cloud be breast , buttock , crotch , nipple . the screen catch between male and female imagery , separate yet intermix . vagina , penis ; flower , serpent ; yin , yang . through the camcorder : Russ and hume lie side by side . Russ , leave hand feel he erection , reach with the other hand , touch allison 's leg , which protrude into frame . she remove he hand , place it on he side . in russ ' mind : travel through a world compose of move body part : hand , finger , eye , arm , yet human like some multi-limbed hindu deity . angel wing flap past as , somewhere , a woman speak to herself . ganesh and the angel , now embrace , break off into a separate screen , vanish in the distance as the screen reemerge . a hand wave goodbye . Russ have forget the purpose of he voyage . he say : russell ( o.s. ) elves. ( more forceful ) transform machine elve . and they appear , at first in the far distance , tiny speck on a vast plain of green . we approach . the topography feel familiar : we have be here before . it 's the high plain from the clinic trip . below mutate elve , bounce color ball , wave and smile . to we leave , the waterfall where dead soul bathe , ahead : a recognizable glow . through the camcorder : Russ and hume , side by side . Russell , focus , say : russell the saucer . ( beat ) open the door . in russ ' mind : the elve , at we side , fall away as the music grow more troubling , the saucer more imminent . evangeline be at the door , bleed , but we have no time for she . Inside the saucer we wander through a maze of multilayer blue light . Alex trebek 's voice echoe from a tv speaker : " the Taj Mahal , Solomon 's Palace and billy Joel 's beach house have this in common . " Russell 's voice trail across the screen in color pattern : russell ( o.s. ) show yourself . I want to see you . ( beat ) murderer . ( beat ) murderer ! suddenly , as if from vapor , the murderer materialize , wear old jeans and a T-shirt . in one hand be the bloody butcher knife , in the other be evangeline 's cross . through the camcorder : russell what be you name ? hume , recognize Russ ' voice , repeat the incantation : hume murderer , what be you name ? in russ ' mind : the murderer prepare to raise he hand , but it be not the hand bear the cross -- it be the hand hold the knife . the murderer step forward , slashing the knife repeatedly toward we , into we . we hear a scream . through the camcorder : hume scream as Russ , straddle he , stab he stomach and side , with the kitchen knife . in the live room : allison bolt across frame in a blur , scream as she push Russ off hume , onto the floor beside . confusion , panic . allison take Russ ' T-shirt , press it on hume 's stomach , attempt to help he . hume , groggy , watch . Russ , become aware of what 's happen -- see hume , see he hand , see the knife -- retreat , frighten , across the floor . CUT to : int . / ext . car - night the camry swerve wildly as it careen around a corner , regains control , speed down a residential street . allison , at the wheel , drive as best she can give she frighten condition . in the back seat , Russ cradle hume in he arm . hume 's side and stomach be wrap in bath towel ; here and there blood seep through . CUT to : int . emergency room - night allison , hume and Russell burst through the door as one : hume , he towel nearly soak through with blood , support by Russ and allison . russell we need help . somebody , please ! head turn . a orderly rush over to help hume while a nurse fetch a gurney . orderly everything be go to be all right . the orderly and nurse place hume on the gurney as another nurse say to allison : nurse we need some information about he . a uniform officer and a print journalist , stand together , watch from the wait room . the journalist have he note pad out . journalist ( to Officer ) be not that ... be not that the rankin boy , the one whose mother be kill ? allison speak to the nurse as Russ watch the orderly remove the bloody towel : allison ... not allergic to any medication , hume , hume rankin ... fade to black : int . hospital room - day fade in : a " below the fold " newspaper headline read : " son of murder victim involve in stab " and , in smaller typeface , " acid trip allege . " the newspaper lie on a small table beside a vase of flower and hospital pamphlet ( " when emergency strike " ) . hume rest in a private room , a iv connect to the back of he hand . allison , wear a Fair Isle sweater , sit on a chair beside , read . hume open he eye . allison , notice this , stand beside the bed . allison hi. hume I do not hear you come in . allison how be you feel ? hume sore . allison a few more day and you will be able to go home . hume non-life threaten wound , but , Jesus , they hurt . ( beat ) garwood visit yesterday . allison that be nice . what do he say ? hume it be what he do not say . allison what do not he say ? hume he 's under pressure . the whole department be under scrutiny . I offer to resign but he turn I down . allison that 's good . hume no , what it mean be that it will look better for the University if they fire I . she touch he head , straighten he hair . allison I visit Russell in jail . hume you hide the videotape ? ( she nod ) how 's he ? allison not good . hume God , what a mess . allison he 's fall inside himself . he 's absolutely mortify . hume you tell he I do not blame he ? allison ( nod ) but that 's not the problem . the problem be that he blame himself . CUT to : int . interrogation room - day Russell , wear a blue prison jumpsuit , sit across from detective lawrence and District Attorney vantil . Russ ' hand rest on the table . he can hardly bear to look they in the eye . vantil we in the da 's office have be back and forth about this whole thing . I know I say some pretty strong thing before , but we have reconsider . Russell speak in a small , break voice : russell I have not ask for leniency . vantil I do not know if the District Attorney 's office want to prosecute the son of a recently murder woman who 's killer be still on the loose . ( look at lawrence ) especially when there be no complainant , no reliable witness . no hard evidence . ( beat ) I have speak with the judge . I be go to propose community service and probation , provide you enter a court - administer program of therapy . lawrence any infraction , any contact with illegal drug , and you will be right back in here . russell ( contrite ) my drug take day be over . no more trip for Russ rankin . lawrence you be try to catch you mother 's murderer in hyperspace -- do you realize how crazy that sound ? russell yeah . vantil we be go to get you some help . russell any development in the murder investigation ? lawrence no . russell nothing from the sketch ? lawrence no . russell you know what scare I the most , even more than stabbing my brother ? ( they listen ) it 's the fear that this murderer be a product of my own projection . that I create he out of my own anger at my mother , that I take on he form and I kill she . vantil look at lawrence : this boy do need help . lawrence it 's fortunate you have such a good alibi at the time of she death . CUT to : ext . police station - day hume , allison and Russell exit the station , walk to the parking lot . hume , still sore , get behind the wheel . allison and Russ squeeze in ; they drive off . CUT to : int . / ext . car - day hume and allison be up front , Russ in back . hume relax , happy to be out of the hospital . russell allison tell I about the University . I be so -- hume please , Russ , I say no more apology . just stop apologize . russell ( apologetic ) I can not . hume I can find another job , even if it 's sorting specimen somewhere . or real estate . what do you think ? think I would make a good realtor ? ( allison laugh ) I know this guy who have start up a medical web site . allison that sound good . hume yeah , from hyperspace to cyberspace . CUT to : ext . hume house - night camry on the drive . trance music play from inside . CUT to : int . hume house - night insert of tv , the trip video : Russ , allison and hume lie on the mat . goa trance play over . hume , come in the back door , hear the tv , walk into the live room where Russ sit watch the trip video . on screen : allison remove Russ ' hand from she leg , place it at he side . hume walk over to the video player , eject the tape . the screen go to static . hume where do you find this ? I be go to lock it up . hume turn off the tv . hume you be not go to get better watch that . he start to walk away . russell how be I go to get better ? CUT to : ext . hume house - night Russell sit on the front step , lose in think . allison open the door , step out on the porch , sit beside he . she take we a cigarette , light it . she offer : russell thanks , no . for a moment they just sit look straight ahead , enjoy the evening . russell this be where we be sit . allison who ? russell I and hume . we be sit here , just like this , listen to the cricket , sip wine . that 's when I convinced he to let I in on the dmt trial . that 's how it all start . if we could only go back ... ( she do not respond ) look , ah during the trip ? allison yes ? russell do you and I , do I ... be there anything sexual ? allison you be arouse . you touch I . russell but ? allison no . you think we do ? russell the trip be very ... sensual . you be part of it . do you tell hume ? I would not want he to think , you know , he brother and he girlfriend -- allison psychedelics have a strong sexual component . you know that . russell I do not have a sister . I have never understand woman , what make they tick . ( beat ) I do not even know what make they shop . allison ( chuckle ) but it be good , right ? it feel good ? russell this be suppose to help I ? allison there 's so much denial go on around here , I think somebody ought to tell the truth . I have never hear of therapy that claim that denial be the doorway to health . russell ( reluctant , sheepish ) yeah , it feel good . I take a puff , my arm and leg fall off , the floor give way and the world open up . until , of course , the very end . that be not good at all . allison well then , think about the good . not the other . russell ally , I like you . I think you be fabulous , but I do not want you to think ... allison I like you too . I love you . but it 's hume I want to give my life to . why can not both thing be true ? he let this sink in . russell I be wonder ... allison what ? russell ( a smile ) do you have any sister ? she laugh , respond with a mock drawl : allison no , I be the only one . CUT to : montage : life go on as usual , over music , something by a contemporary psychedelic group , such as Flying saucer attack or shamen . int . hamburger king - day Russell , wear he uniform , yak it up with a couple of old timer . CUT to : int . classroom - day allison lecture she high school student . on the blackboard behind she in bold capital : " nineteenth century literature -- why be it relevant ? " and I kill she . CUT to : int . office high rise - day hume work at a computer cubicle , open text stack on he desk . a wall logo behind read : " medicalanalysts.com . " CUT to : int . clinic - day garwood and the assistant prepare participant for a drug trial . CUT to : ext . highway - day Community service : Russ , strung alongside the roadway with a half dozen other orange- suite miscreant , pick up litter , stuff it into a sack . CUT to : int . therapist's office - day Russell , seat , listen while judith salberg , the court - appoint therapist , speak . CUT to : int . hume house - night hume meditate : " om mani ... " CUT to : int . mother' house - night hume , allison and Russell pack evangeline 's possession into cardboard box , save some item , discard other . hume come across photo of the young ethan and evangeline rankin stand in front of they modest home , some alone , some proudly display newborn son . hume pass the photo to Russ , who , after look , hand they to allison . CUT to : int . police cubicle - day detective lawrence , on the phone , answer a question from a fellow worker . CUT to : ext . ft. steven point - day Russell stand on the escarpment where he mother 's ash be strewn , where he father turn away to watch the confluence of water . end montage int . hume house - evening the doorbell ring . hume walk to the door , open it : there , stand in the fail light , be miguel chindoy , a aging hippie , long braid hair , wear a ruana , the short blanket favore by South american peasant . chindoy Dr. rankin ? hume yes . chindoy ( extend hand ) I be miguel chindoy . hume ( decline handshake ) okay . chindoy I have read about the event surround you and you brother . I have come to help . I have have twenty year of shamanic experience . I believe I can help . hume Excuse I , who tell you to come here ? chindoy I be a shaman . hume I be a scholar . what do you want ? chindoy I have come to offer my service . to help you brother through this difficult and necessary passage . hume Mr. chindoy , thank you and fuck you . or be that senor chindoy ? ( check car in driveway ) so , senor , get you ass back in you rental car and leave we alone . chindoy Dr. rankin . hume close the door on chindoy . CUT to : ext . college bar - day a beer and tv sport joint on the University strip . CUT to : int . college bar - day University rowdy cheer a sport event on wall - mount television as hume and garwood , tuck into a quiet corner , sip draft beer . vince " miguel chindoy . " his real name be Michael kamen . bear in Brooklyn , 1946 . poster child for burnout . brilliant student , apparently , but then , arrest , discredite , etcetera . eight fries short of a happy meal . we all talk the psychedelic talk , spiel the psychedelic evangelism , but there be people who be lose , destroy . we do not like to admit it , but it 's true . hume they keep try to contact I . I have send back my University mail , I change my mail address , but this be the first time someone 's try to track I down . vince I be sorry about the way it come down . it be improper , inhumane , and I be part of it -- hume you have to do what you have to do . I do not judge you . vince do not play the saint . hume I be not . I probably would have do the same thing if I be in you shoe . vince I just hate have to be the one , the proprietor of conservative government sanction value . hume I be work for a internet company , I be make some money for a change . maybe it be mean to be . vince the trial be go to be great . hume I want to ask about that . vince we have enough test subject to start collate the result . the final paper -- that 's a year off -- could be quite important . I want to submit it to lancet . I know that sound like a fantasy ... hume I be glad . vince how be he ? hume Russ ? ( garwood nod ) everyone say he 's get better , but I do not think so . he 's in therapy . vince Court therapy . ( hume nod ) the blind lead the mind . hume I have spend a lot of time with he . vince you have speak with the therapist ? hume Dr. salberg ? she say he 's have a " psychotic break . " vince you believe that ? hume ( pause ) I do not know . CUT to : int . therapist's office - late day Russell sit across from Dr. salberg , 45 , sincere . a jungian mandala hang on the wall behind she -- right next to the photo of sigmund Freud . russell ... it 's hard to put into word . salberg it seem to I that at every turn , you seek to avoid the underlying issue . russell which underlying issue ? okay , let I put it in term you can understand . I assume another form and kill my mother . I fuck my brother 's girlfriend , then try to kill he . be that oedipal enough for you ? that 's just what I mean . whenever this come up , you automatically assume this metaphysical weight , strap it on you shoulder like some herculean backpack with the implication that you be guilty and there 's nothing you can do about it . you do not fuck you brother 's sister . you do not kill you mother . Russell fall silent . salberg do you ? russell ( quiet ) somebody kill she . salberg but not you . russell no , I guess not . salberg have you be take you medication ? russell yeah . salberg it 's be three week . you should feel something . can you detect any change ? russell no . salberg you still have suicidal feeling ? ( no answer ) I would like to change you medication . it 's a exploratory process . she pick up a script pad , start to write : salberg prozac be a relatively mild drug . a friend of mine call it the penicillin of psychiatry . it 's not work and , frankly , I only hope it would . I want to try something else ... CUT to : int . hume house - afternoon hume , follow by allison , open the front door and , set down he key , react with shock at what he see : the house have be trash , burglarize . he look around : furniture toss this way and that . the buddha topple over , the shrine desecrate . allison my God , hume ... she pick up the video player which have be toss to the floor . they stand in a sea of discard book . hume go into the kitchen . the refrigerator door be open , the cabinet expose . there he see , amid the maliciously discard food supplies and dining utensil , a once lock cabinet , now chop open , its lock rip out . hume examine the cabinet -- its content toss hither and yon . allison what be it ? hume I lock it here . allison what ? hume the video tape . the trip tape . CUT to : int . / ext . van - night Russell , drive home , listen to rap on the car radio . the music distort . Russell feel something strange . he look side to side . it suddenly feel like he 's drive too fast . he slow he mother 's van to a crawl , turn off the radio . he see something darting in the distance , something in the tree between one house and the next . Russ pull the van to the curb , stop . shut off the engine . silence . he get out of the van , close the door . look apprehensively , he step forward ... then he see he : the murderer , the murderer from the blue light saucer , tuck behind a distant tree . the murderer scan the landscape . Russ devise a method of escape . if he dash to the right , hide behind a tree , then slip between two house , he can avoid the murderer . he run . he escape . ahead : hume 's house . he 's home . CUT to : ext . hume house - night Russ , compose himself , walk up the step . CUT to : int . hume house - night Russell enter to find hume and allison clean up the live room mess . Russ attempt to appear the voice of reason : russell Jesus , what happen ? hume we be burglarize . russell how ? allison some creep break in . that 's how . russell what would he take ? hume I do not know . we be still look . Russ look at the topple buddha : russell why would he do that ? hume I do not know what 's miss . nothing valuable . we do not have anything fuck valuable . russell it 's my fault . ever since -- hume would you fuck get off that ! hume replace the buddha on its pedestal as Russ drift into the kitchen . he call out : russell what 's with this guy ? he 's get a thing for special k and wheat thins ? hume and allison join he in the kitchen . Russ , suddenly pale , point to the splinter kitchen cabinet . russell what be take ? hume what do you mean ? russell from the cabinet . the lock cabinet . they be reluctant to answer . russell what ? hume that 's where I would put the tape . ( Russ : huh ? ) from the trip . Russ start manically pace : russell he 's find we , he know we be onto he . allison who ? russell the murderer ! hume Russ , stop it ! russell you think it 's some sort of joke , right ? well , fuck both of you ! he know about all of we , he know about the police sketch , he know everything ! it 's evidence . lock the door ! we have get to get some gun , protect ourselves . he want to kill we , because we know who he be ! allison go over to Russ , attempt to hold he : allison we will sort it out in the morning . hume I will call the police . russell ( disdainful ) right , like they be go to do anything . hume there 's be no real damage . allison you be exhaust . you look fry . now be not the time to jump to decision . her embrace calm he . russell yeah , I suppose . ( beat : weepy ) I do not know what get into I . hume be you all right ? we can take you somewhere . russell no , no , I be just tired , wear to the bone . every little thing , I do not know why , set I off . hume you need sleep . russell I know , I know . hume look out the window , toward the driveway and street . hume where 's Mom 's van ? russell it run out of gas . I leave it several block back . ( off hume 's puzzle reaction ) I walk . I will get it in the morning . allison you be go to be all right ? russell I be fine . I just need some sleep . he start for he room . russell you want I to help clean up ? hume we get it under control . Russ nod , stagger away . hume and allison look at each other as he walk off . CUT to : ext . hume house - morning allison , outside , wait at the curb as a friend stop she car . she get in , the car drive off . CUT to : int . hume house - morning hume and Russ , at the kitchen table , finish morning coffee , peruse a scattered newspaper . Russ , resign , set down he cup : russell well , I guess I better go track down the car , pick up some gas . hume , check he watch , watch Russ exit . the door slam . assure he be in the house alone , hume stand and -- check the window -- walk to he brother 's guest room . hume look around he brother' room . where to start ? everything seem normal : Russ ' dirty clothes throw into a corner , bed sheet unmade , a book ( Stephen wright 's non Zero ) overturn on the bed table beside a empty glass . recently recover photo of he mother , father , himself and Russell on the bureau . this cause hume to hesitate , but he continue : open drawer , go through the closet , look under the bed . and there , under the bed , hide , he find it : the trip video tape . his fear confirm : it be Russ who " break in , " trash the house , desecrate the shrine , steal the video from the kitchen cabinet . CUT to : ext . high school - afternoon hume watch , wait as high -schooler stream from the two story building . then allison appear , walk beside a fellow teacher , joke . she see hume beside the camry , walk over , embrace he : allison what a surprise . you be my " crossing guard " now ? hume I love you . allison oh , that feel good . I love you too . hume get in the car . she , sense something of import , open the passenger door , get in . CUT to : int . car - day they sit in the camry . hume make no attempt to start the car . she wait apprehensively . hume I searched Russ ' room . I find the video tape . ( beat ) there can be no other explanation . it be Russ . he break into the house , he trash everything . allison he claim it be the murderer . hume you know what this mean . allison he 's no longer in control . hume he 's my brother . I love he . allison he need help . hume fuck help . I know about the help he 's get . allison be he in danger ? hume what should I do ? allison no , that be not like a casual question . that be a real question . be he in danger ? be we in danger from he ? can he hurt we ? hume ( pause ) I do not know . CUT to : ext . hamburger king - day a fast food joint in a row of fast food joint . CUT to : int . hamburger king - day slow day : a few worker , mom and kid . Russell , cap and name tag in place , flirt with a pretty , intellectual coed . he hold up a french fry : russell the french fry . my occipital lobe see it , my temporal lobe say " yum , " my parietal lobe say , " I will eat it , " my prefrontal lobe say , " I will bite it , " my motor cortex do so ... ( take bite of french fry ) ... my somesthesic cortex supervise and my brain be thrilled . ( coed laugh ) my brother teach I that . coed but I do not eat fry food . russell to each she own . coed you be a strange sort of guy to be work at a place like this . russell well , I be work my way up to middle management . coed ( laugh again ) I be work my way up to a grill chicken sandwich and a diet coke . russell that we can do . Russ turn to order a grill chicken sandwich , turn and smile at the coed . then he see : past the coed , past the brightly color table , mom and kid , through the window , lurking outside , wear old jeans and clean T-shirt , the murderer beside a four- wheel drive pickup . it 's a face he know well , one he can not forget . the murderer walk toward the entrance , turn he head , as if look for someone . Russ turn he head away , say " I will be right back " to a fellow worker as he scoot into the kitchen area . the coed , baffle , watch . he duck out a side door , circle surreptitiously along the side of the build . peek around the corner , he see the murderer just stand there by the concrete table and chair , hand on hip , look around . the murderer , turn he back to Russ , decide to go inside . Russ inch closer , follow he . the murderer enter hamburger King . Russ slip through the door behind he . the murderer scan the room : he 's look for someone . Russell make he move . take a run start , he charge toward the murderer , tackle he at the waist , drive he against a chair , then onto the floor . Russ be now atop the murderer , turn he over . patron stop mid sentence , mid meal , look speechlessly -- as if in a slow motion dream . Russell pummel the murderer 's face , blow after blow after blow . a child scream . a male employee and two patron rush over . they pull Russ off the murderer . the murderer 's face be bruise , start to bleed . he be terrify , but : he be not the murderer . in fact , it 's not even a man . it 's a woman . commotion , chaos . someone call out , " call the police . " Russ , restrain by the employee and patron , look at the " murderer . " he can not understand how he face transformed into this bloody female visage . CUT to : int . therapist's office - day hume and allison sit across from salberg . salberg they initially give he haloperidol -- hume haldol ? salberg yes . hume my God . salberg it 's out of my hand , Dr. rankin . it 's not my case . it 's up to the staff at the psychiatric hospital . but I would imagine they would prescribe orally administer thorazine , at least until they can be sure he 's not a danger to himself or other . ( beat ) I be sorry I be not of more help . I know he be delusional but I do not think he be hallucinational . he see thing . hume of course he see thing . just because they put he in a institution do not mean he 's go to stop see thing . salberg he have deeply unresolved issue concern he father -- and he mother . and you . hume ( derisive exhale ) and thorazine be go to fix that ? salberg thorazine will block the hallucination , but , in all the literature , it 's never prove effective against delusion . allison in other word , he will still believe in he delusion , he just will not see they ? salberg yes . but , as I say , it 's no longer my case . hume have you ever consider this : Russ , because of he use of psychedelics , have pass through the door of perception , gain access to another reality and for one reason or another be unable to integrate this reality with he present state ? allison give hume a look , place she hand on he arm -- now he 's sounding crazy . salberg that 's call schizophrenia . and it 's not treatable . CUT to : ext . psychiatric institute - day a bucolic campus set bely by a sign read , " glenview psychiatric Institute . " CUT to : int . visiting room - day a day have pass . allison and hume visit Russell , wear institutional white , in a artificially " homey " room . Russ struggle to have a normal conversation , counteract the effect of the thorazine like a wrestler in a hold . he sip from a glass of water : russell ( to allison ) you can smoke here , you know . it 's ironic . in all of Portland , there 's no place you can have a smoke , but here it 's all right . I guess they figure we get nothing to lose . allison no , I be fine Russ . hume I be try to help you , but unfortunately , you have fall into the great maw of the legal system . we have hire a lawyer , a psychiatric advisor -- russell he come . hume it 's all paperwork and bullshit . if I have a prayer , it would be , " God , let I never fall prey to the US criminal justice system . " allison you must not lose faith . we be here for you . you be love . Russ ' hand tremble . he restrain they . russell it 's just this side effect , this -- what 's the word ? hume extrapyramidal disorder . russell yeah , that and the dry mouth . ( beat ) I want to be normal . allison we know . russell I be worried . hume why ? russell him. ( no response ) the murderer . I can not get out of here . he must have figure out by now where I be . I be not exactly protect in here . he could slip in , you know , wear a uniform , find I , kill I . hume I do not know if it 's possible , but you need to make a effort . the mind be a extraordinarily powerful organ . you can , Russ , if you apply you mind , wipe all the event surround Mom 's murder out of you mind . you can make the murderer disappear . Russell , not respond to he brother 's plea , sip water , shift subject : russell I think time be a thing . it 's not a abstraction . time not only change , but there be different kind of time -- hume Russ , this be interesting but it be not where we should be concentrate we effort . a institutional aid stick he head into the room , withdraw . hume I guess that 's a hint . russell ( look at bare wrist ) if I have a watch , I could tell you . they must have some exciting activity plan . Russ motion hume close , speak into he ear : russell ( urgent ) get I out of here . he 's go to find I . he 's go to kill I . hume kiss he brother on the cheek , stand . russell ( to allison ) ally , when you get outside and into the car , do I a favor . allison what ? russell smoke a cigarette for I . that 's what 's nice about be crazy . you smoke out there , I can taste it in here . she smile , nod . CUT to : ext . garwood be house - day hume and Vince garwood stand outside a pleasant post - war home in South Park . garwood 's wife work in a brick - off flower garden . vince let 's take a walk . there 's a little park up the way . I find that when something really heavy be weigh on you , it 's good to walk . they nod to Vince 's wife , head down the sidewalk . hume I be lose my brother . they get he on thorazine . it 's all maintenance crap . his mind be melting . vince I know . hume huh ? vince I have contact at glenview , people I have consult with over the year . I have ask about Russ . hume you know you grow up with a brother , all that sibling shit , you do not think much about it . of course we be close , not have a father , but I never realize how much I love he until all this happen . vince I have be think about it too , in way that probably go far and beyond what you be think . Ways that go back to you father , to the very reason I get involved in this discipline . you know how it be in this dreadful field . you get into psychedelic drug , you have to be prepare to give everything else up . the medical establishment turn its back on you , any hope you have of wealth be go ; of the people who take you seriously , half be fuck crazy . you do it because you believe in it . you believe that this sad planet , if there be any hope for it all , its hope lie in some primal reconnection with psychotropic plant . every religion , you trace it back , you find a bunch of primordial man sit around a campfire chew leave . ( beat ) I go to see you brother . hume you do ? vince yeah . I mean , off the record . I feel responsible . hume you be not . they reach a small pocket park , sit on a bench . hume what do you think ? vince be you prepare to hear what I really believe ? hume at this point , I be prepare for about anything . vince you brother have have what other would call a " psychotic break , " and it 's not a condition that 's go to be improve by conventional medication or therapy . I see no hope in that direction . hume we be lose he . vince this have cause I to go back through the literature , test , theory . I guess what I be propose be psycholytic therapy . hume " psychedelic therapy . " no one 's do that for year . it 's be discredite . vince it be not discredite . it be criminalize . extraordinary thing be be accomplish , stanislav grof , humphrey osmond , but then come the anti-establishment movement , the popularization of lsd and the Big crackdown . psycholytic therapy just stop . no one want to lose they license . hume this be what happen to my father ? vince ( continue ) there be a shaman down the amazon from iquitos , near the peruvian / columbian border , Don macita . he work with the ayahuasca vine . you father and I trip with he many year ago . we correspond from time to time . his book of imagery be essentially the same as what Russ describe . he 's be do this all he life . he work in the jungle , use the old way , which be the best way to experience this primal drug . it 's the only way to ingest heroic dose of psychedelics -- in they natural context . it have the add benefit of be legal . hume define " heroic . " vince if you be talk about ayahuasca , the mother of all harmala alkaloid , I would say , oral dose , five , six hundred milligram . I would have to talk to Don macita . hume that 's life threaten . vince there be different way to mix the actual brew , which then effect the nature of the journey . I do not think we should wait . much longer , it may be too late . hume wait a second . you be assume I have already sign onto this " back to the jungle " scheme . vince I would need you support . hume I be sorry . you do not have it . CUT to : int . russell be room - night Russ , shiver , sit squeeze into the corner of he room . sweat bead he forehead , he pupil be dilate . every noise from outside , from the corridor , from the room above be magnify in he mind . he be struggle to hold on to he sanity . CUT to : ext . hume home - night just a normal house on a normal block . CUT to : int . bedroom - night Light filter in from a street lamp . hume and allison lie in each other 's arm . it 's as if they must hold on to each other for dear life because they be all they have leave . hume there be a inmate at a prison for the criminally insane and he tell a interviewer , " it 's easy to make the cop think you be crazy . all you have to do be act crazy all the time . " she laugh . he kiss she . hume I wonder if the same be true about sanity . all you have to do be pretend you be sane all the time . allison in that case , you have get I fool . hume there be such a thin tissue separate one reality from another , from here and now to somewhere else and some other time . somewhere this be not happen to we , but we be here and it be now and it be happen . ( look to ceiling ) when we have the wake , when we distribute my mother 's ash , my father come over and speak to I . he say , " psychedelics ruin my life and they will ruin yours . " allison Father know best . hume emit a short derisive snort . allison what do garwood want ? hume what do you mean ? allison he call , you go over . hume ( think ) it be nothing . CUT to : ext . psychiatric institute - day hume and allison turn up the leafy drive . several police car be park out front . they park , pass the police car , head inside . CUT to : int . psychiatric institute - day hume and allison step up to the main reception desk , speak to a receptionist in a white uniform . hume I be Dr. rankin . we have a two o'clock visitation with Russ rankin . receptionist just a moment . they wait as the receptionist speak into the phone . the entrance area be design to be hospitable , but , look closer , one realize that beneath the benign surface be a high security institution : multiple lock , triple depth glass . the corridor door open with a buzz . a hospital administrator and a uniform police officer approach they . they realize something be wrong with Russ . they greet : allison what 's happen ? it 's Russ , be not it ? administrator Dr. rankin ? ( hume nod ) I be Dr. field . police officer we have be try to reach you . hume we be run errand . administrator do not you have a cell phone ? allison we do not like cell phone . the administrator let this ( she attitude ) pass : administrator I be afraid , ah , we can not find you brother . hume what do you mean , " can not find he ? " he 's in a lock down ward . administrator at morning call , the attendant bring he breakfast . the room be empty . allison could he be hide in the building somewhere ? police officer Security be go through every room , ward , office . administrator we be interview the staff . someone let he out . there 's no other explanation . you have not hear from he ? hume no . administrator any idea where he might be ? hume none . CUT to : ext . garwood be house - day hume ring the garwood doorbell . Mrs. garwood answer . hume Mrs. garwood . mrs . garwood ( smile ) hume . hume I need to speak to Vince . I try at the University . mrs . garwood he leave . hume I do not understand . mrs . garwood there be a phone call . somebody at a conference drop out and they ask Vince to fill it . he pack , grab he passport and head for the airport . CUT to : int . hume house - night Music play over as hume , pull the curtain , look out the front window at a unmark police car across the street with two plainclothesman sit in front . he turn back into the room , walk over to allison . he speak softly , tell she about garwood . CUT to : ext . detective agency - day the sign on the window read : " Lennon 's : we will find it " with a cartoon of a detective type hold a oversize magnify glass . through the window : hume and lennon , 30 , lean over a computer manned by a teenager computer nerd . CUT to : int . detective agency - day Lennon speak as they look at the screen : lennon it take a bit of do . you friend do not go direct . Portland to Mexico City , re-ticket to bogota , to quito , to iquitos . hume any other passenger ? I mean any passenger on the same flight with garwood . ( to computer nerd ) can you do that ? ( the nerd go to work ) use to be , in the day , you have expense , man hour , gumshoe , now it 's just a computer and a teenager with a knack to hack . nerd here 's a reappearing name for the first two flight . " John Russell . " garwood 's voice start over as the nerd continue to work : vince ( v.o. ) to the people of the amazon basin , all life be determine by countless spirit and being who live " on the other side . " it be essential for they own survival to be able to enter that world and interact with that spirit to secure well - be for oneself and one 's family ... CUT to : int . iquito coffee shop - day garwood and Russell sit in a coffee / snack shop in iquitos , a frontier jungle city of 350,000 inhabitant in southeastern Peru . outside , along the single - story street , motokar ( motorcycle taxi ) , emit cloud of pollutant as they pass . Inside , mestivo kid , wear nike and NBA t-shirt , play X - man combat video game . not exactly one 's preconception of " amazonia . " garwood continue speak as Russ sip coffee , bite from a bread roll . vince ... they get this protection through the ayahuasca ceremony . the preparation , drink the brew , the vision , the assistance of a ayahuasquero , a shaman . huasca mean vine , aya mean soul or dead people , so it 's the vine of the dead or the vine of the spirit ... CUT to : ext . hume house - day hume and allison , wear jeans , nylon jacket , hike boot and backpack , exit , nod to the plainclothesm in the car across the street , get into the camry and drive off . hume 's voice over pick up where garwood 's leave off : hume ( v.o. ) ... it 's in the elite company of the most powerful naturally occur psychotropic drug , the harmaline alkaloid : ayahuasca , psilocybin , yage , iboga . dmt be the active ingredient in ayahuasca . chacruna , a natural mao inhibitor , make it orally active , extend the effect . it 's essentially a very long dmt trip ... CUT to : int . portland airport - day they stand at the american Airlines counter . hume ( v.o. ) ... nothing prepare you for it . it 's the great unknown . the drug look inside you and take you there . the jungian map do not apply . you chakra be of no use . it 's a big forest and there be no marker on the tree . CUT to : int . airport waiting area - day allison , sit next to hume , ask : allison it 's dangerous ? hume no . that 's the reason I support naturally occur psychedelics . if they be dangerous , they use would not have endure this long . allison but be it dangerous for Russell ? CUT to : ext . the amazon - day Vince and Russ sit in a canopy river boat as it putt-putt down river . around they sit mestivo peasant , a tourist couple and a local business type . garwood 's voice over resume : vince ( v.o. ) Don macita , the shaman we will meet , he 's over seventy now , have a camp in the jungle . he believe the body be full of toxin and this toxin will emerge as demon unless purge . the preparation include four day of cleanse , external and internal , diet and meditation . it involve a sort of mud bath , drink a diuretic tree sap , oye , eat yucca and rice . Russ turn to garwood , say : russell but I think the ayahuasca brew be purgative . vince it be . the first couple hour , " la purga , " be vomit and shitting . the vision will start at this time . russell you be take this ? vince we both be . CUT to : ext . iquito airport - day hume and allison , tired , emerge into bright amazonian sun . a line of motokar vie for they attention . garwood 's voice resume : vince ( v.o. ) we will use this period to concentrate on we goal . we will define you area of conflict , define the person you want to be when the journey end ... CUT to : ext . iquito - day hume and allison stand in Plaza de arma , approach likely stranger , struggle with they Spanish , get reply . vince ( v.o. ) ... at first you will feel like you be die . you will have to endure this . that 's what the drug be about : die and live ... CUT to : ext . don macita's camp - day garwood and Russell approach the amazonian encampment . it 's virtually unchange from forty year before . the ceremonial House stand in the distance . and , ahead , beside the river , the small figure of Don macita . vince ( v.o. ) ... you will enter the wholeness of be . you will feel a satisfaction like you have never know ... Don macita turn , look . Vince wave to he . CUT to : ext . LA boulevard / iquito - day hume and allison negotiate with a guide on the riverside walk . Charter boat wait . vince ( v.o. ) ... first come the pattern , then plant , then animal , then fantastic architecture , the little people , they be guide -- and , at some point , the serpent . do not be afraid . he be a passage ... CUT to : ext . amazon - day hume and allison ride down the river . vince ( v.o. ) ... and the end , well , it will be idiosyncratic . it will be what you be ... CUT to : ext . encampment - day Vince and Russell stand , nude , as huito , a bluish fruit pulp mix with clay , be pour , rubbed over they body by Don macita and he native assistant . the same blue that cake garwood year before . vince ( v.o. ) ... the brew be make by mixing crush ayahuasca vine with alternate layer of chacruna leave and boil they ... CUT to : ext . jungle - day garwood , Russ and other watch as Don macita , 77 , select a section of the climb ayahuasca vine , instruct he Assistant which portion to cut with he machete . vince ( v.o. ) ... the duration , include the purging , will last six to eight hour , although the intensity will slack off after four or five hour . CUT to : ext . encampment riverside - day hume and allison step off the river boat , look around . a path lead to the ceremonial Hut , the open MAIN house hang with hammock . CUT to : ext . ceremonial house - day garwood and Russell watch as Don macita and he Assistant prepare the ayahuasca brew : crush strip of vine , lay they in a old metal pot . atop the small table , like forty year before , sit the ceremonial bowl , its side paint and repaint over the year with fantastic imagery , rainbow band of brightly color unreal creature . hume and allison approach . garwood greet they enthusiastically : vince hume ! ally ! hume what be you do here ? vince same thing you be do here . ( to Don macita ) Don macita , this be hume rankin , Russ ' brother I tell you about . hume exchange greeting with Don macita as Russ walk over , whom , he in turn greet . hume turn to Vince , speak softly , censorial : hume we need to talk . vince sure . allison , take the hint , say to Russell : allison show I around . CUT to : ext . encampment riverside - day they stand at the edge of the amazon , brown slow - flow water , perhaps fifty meter wide . around they , the jungle vibrate with life . hume what you have do be illegal . I could report you . you could go to jail . vince if that have to be , it have to be . just wait until we have do what we can for Russ . there 's a program . hume you absolutely baffle I . garwood glance to the Main House where allison and Russell walk , talk . vince I have do a lot of thing I regret in my life , and a lot of the thing I regret involve you family . when you father be vilify , when the witch hunt hit , he come to I for support and I turn my back on he . I protect my position . he leave the country , leave he family . I take the easy way when let they fire you . now this . I feel my life be define by the sadness in you family . I believe I can help you brother . he be die in there . ( a beat ) it 's so good you be here . hume why ? vince to help Don macita . hume you be trip as well ? vince ( nod ) I be not sure before , but now I be . I want to apologize to you father . his spirit be all around here . come , you have get to talk to Don macita . we will go over the counseling -- hume do not you think I ought to talk to Russ first ? CUT to : ext . MAIN house - day hume and Russell sit inside the hammock strung house . generation of visitor have leave inscription and paint mystic , hallucinatory symbol ( the third Eye , the serpent ) on the beam and bench . hume I bring along you med , just in case . russell you be kid . that stuff be poison . it 's poison for the brain . hume I know , I know , I just feel it would be irresponsible not to . I do not know what condition you would be in . russell that last night in the sanitarium , I be hold on , just barely , concentrate every atom in my body to remain sane , like that kid in " nightmare on elm Street " try not to sleep . then I hear the door open -- he have come for I , the murderer , but it be Professor garwood . pause . hume how be you now ? russell all this cleanse and my conversation with Don macita have clear my mind . everything be now direct toward the journey . I be prepare . I want to do this . hume give he brother a loving look , then a big embrace , which be return and hold . hume you be not go in anger ? russell no . hume remember this journey you be take , this drug , what it 's do it 's do for you benefit . pay attention . it want to help you . ( Russ nod ) you know how I like to say they be not recreational drug ? that 's not true . they be recreational . re - creational . you must re-create you life . remake it , heal it . ( Russ nod again ) if you get lose , if you get frighten , if you be in danger , repeat the mantra . if you hear I say , " om mani pene hang , " you will know that I be with you , you be not alone . hume reach in he pocket and hand Russ a small souvenir replica of a elf-like incan god , much like the one garwood have in he office . hume Russ , take this . I buy this in iquitos . it do not cost anything . it 's suppose to bring good luck . Russ tuck it into he pocket : russell if only it be that easy . CUT to : ext . ceremonial house - sunset garwood and Russell , wear white ceremonial ruanas , sit where Vince sit with Russ ' father year before . Don macita ladle out the ayauasca brew into two cup on the table . one cup contain almost twice as much brew as the other . Don macita blow purify smoke on garwood and Russell . allison and hume sit to the side . he put he arm around she shoulder . Russ look at he fingernails : they be rimmed blue from the purify dye . Don macita place the cup with the larger dose in Russell 's hand , the other in Vince 's , then step and begin to sing the soft , lilt icaros : " maimandara shamuirimum , yana puma chicunaca ... " timecut . night. garwood and Russell both bent over a long basin , vomit . " La purga . " Russ watch he vomit as the camera zoom toward he eyeball , enter he myriatic pupil . inside russ ' mind : he vomit emerge as blood , cover the floor , liquefy it . in the blood swim thousand of vibrate worm . the characteristic crackle , the rise hum ( dmt particle crash into the brain 's synapse ) as the worm , animated like sperm , jump bullet - like from the bloody below , pierce we skin . the voyage have begin . Russell 's pupil expands , revealing the vast geography of hyperspace . Space first appear as geometric form , revolve kaleidoscopically . this quickly assume vegetable form , a invite cardinal red chrysanthemum , its petal beckone , become a white lotus blossom . into the blossom we fly , its core open onto the jungle canopy . we fly over the jungle , compelling image fill we field of vision : bird unlike any ever beheld , rippling tree and fauna , indistinguishable creature in the undergrowth . to we leave : the waterfall where dead soul bathe . we be the panther . we know this because we hear the panther 's heart beat , hear its paw pound the earth 's surface , see its paw before we . we dive toward the surface . into the jungle the panther plunge . but it be not a jungle , it be a ocean and we be under the water now , swim shark - like alongside pink dolphin and glow fish of the deep . great primordial creature , sea monster extinct for eon , pass . we burst from the ocean atlantis-like into a realm of ruined palace and labyrinthine city . empty unpopulate empire rise and fall . African mud city become palantine temple ; pyramid become decaye skyscraper . throughout melody mix with the music , snippet of sound contemporary and archaic . a guitar riff from the fifty , a bit of Beethoven , third world instrument . then , for a moment , above the ruin : a cascade of advertising imagery : the pop culture of sign , slogan and logo rush past . in the ruin city , we enter the hall of ancestor . we see we shadow before we , morph the history of earth 's life form : sea-going , reptilian , mammalian , ape-like , humanoid . the ancestor be stack in high - rise row to we right and leave . all of mankind 's face , neanderthal , homo -sapien , yellow , white , black -- some surprised , some merely curious -- morph one to the other like fall dominos . at the top level , we notice , be the god -- primitive , ancient unrecognizable divinity yield to more familiar figure : the egyptian hierarchy , the Greek pantheon , Nordic god and goddess , the manifestation of buddha , the hindu cosmology , Mohammed and he follower , Christ and the saint -- yet , look closer , we see they be in pain , all writhe like crucify jesus . not god , daemon . we grow frighten : russell ( v.o. ) hume , hume ... om mani ... in the ceremonial house : hume cradle he brother , repeat with Russ : hume and russell ... pene hang , om mani pene hang ... inside russ ' mind : we burst from the Hall of ancestor , fly over a great savanna . there we see they , first as mottle dot , grow larger as we near : the self - transform machine elve . and they see we . recognize we approach , they emit a communal joyful " ahh . " the sound 's after-image sail across the savanna like a green shoot star , trail by a chartreuse neon echo image . the elve bounce brightly color ball or be brightly color ball . it 's hard to tell , because they constantly transform into the ball , back into themselves . garwood 's voice echoe : vince ( v.o. ) they be guide . saucer fly in a flurry overhead like comet : oval shape , then chrysanthemum , then lotus , then oval again . come closer , walk amongst the elve , they offer we gift : they toss they color ball , which , as they touch we , turn into extraordinary object : iridescent faberge egg , morphed by the sound of they voice into essence whom , it seem , be idea themselves . it feel wonderful . all of which distract we from a distant specter approach at warp speed : the great speckle serpent . time motion cloud , speed overhead , transform the savanna into a endless desert . it 's the rapacious serpent from ethan rankin 's jungle trip . the serpent 's jaw open wide , revealing row of razor - sharp tooth , a crimson red mouth . russell ( v.o . ) om mani pene hang ... we try to escape but cannot . we plunge past the tooth , down the esophagus , into the belly of the beast -- the " animistic roller coaster ride . " in the ceremonial house : hume and Don macita sit beside Russ . hume where be you ? inside russ ' mind : down and down we tumble , past reptilian rib and pulsing organ . we suddenly emerge amidst a blaze of color , not in a Mexico City rave club , but in a blue throbbing room . we be in the saucer . multi-dimensional wall of mutate shade of blue surround we . up , down , right , leave , each indiscernible from the other . Alex trebek 's voice : " the Taj Mahal , Solomon 's Palace and billy Joel 's beach house all have this in common . " grow , in the distance , a woman lie on a hospital bed -- be she be operate on or give birth ? we know it 's we mother , but do not say that word . a heavy metal grate fall before we , keep the woman out of reach . the murderer materialize through the grate , wear , as before , jeans and a T-shirt . his face , however , seem different : cruel , mean , distort . in he hand he toss two ball : the miniature head of hume and Russell . the murderer 's eye ooze puss , blood drip from he ear and nostril . his expression be demonic . behind he , through the grate , the hospital room , now red , be a torture chamber : a boschian tableau of medieval pain and suffer . the woman in the hospital bed lie next to wretch creature on rack and wheel . Black hood inquisitor lean over she chest , employ instrument of torture . the murderer squeeze the miniature head as he own head swivel , exorcist - like , on he base . he be now ethan , insect crawl from every facial orifice . in he hand the knife and cross . we be terrify . the music be terrifying : discordant noise and a cacophony of angry indistinguishable voice . in the distance , hume 's voice struggle to be hear : hume ( o.s. ) om mani pene hang ... and also , somewhere in the music , a repeat of a earlier voice : " what be you name ? " we try to repeat the mantra , but the word come out wrong . ethan 's head swiveling again , revealing we own image , Russ ' face , who be now , suddenly upon we , knife upraise , slashing , slashing . Russ ' chest open , he be inside we . we stand in a hall of mirror , we image reflect over and over again . we be the murderer , we be ethan . and behind we , in every duplicate reflection , behind the iron grate , the red chamber of horror -- and a woman 's scream . we reflection stand at the door , prevent entry . a tug at we side : it 's one of the smile elve . he offer we a color ball . we look again , the elf be go . the brightly color ball glow , continually morph human and animal image , ancient and contemporary . we throw the ball at we reflection , hit first one reflection , then the other in a rippling chain effect . we image transform into a angry mass of wasp , which , buzzing , fly away , diminish in size until they be nothing more than faint gold cross in the distance . the cacophony subside , a voice emerge from the chaos : voice they be all build for love . the grate lift with a mozartian cresendo . the torture chamber be again shifting shade of blue . we walk to the hospital bed , pull back the sheet which cover the woman on the bed . her chest be expose x-ray-like : rib , a beat heart and lung . and , in one lung , a disease black cancerous clump , crawl with maggot . we reach in , forcefully yank out the clump , toss it heavenward where it burst into brightly geometric form , fly away . the woman on the bed -- she be we mother -- smile : evangeline Russell . a blue dot appear on she forehead like a third Eye . Music welcome we as we move toward the dot until it fill we field of vision . we hyper- zoom into the blue dot , earth . recognizable configuration appear , North America , the Pacific Northwest , Oregon , Portland , downtown ... until the dot be nothing but a large human eye . CUT to : int . clinic - day light come up on a reostat . hume , wear a blue button down collar shirt with a dark tie , in the lounge chair . a Assistant extract the iv line from Russ ' arm prepare to remove the ekg sensor . garwood step over as the Assistant go to help another participant in the dmt trial . hume how do you feel ? it take a moment for Russ to orient himself . vince how be it ? russell ( think ) idiosyncratic . vince that 's the amazing thing . every experience be absolutely unique . Russ , still somewhat stunne , stand , say to hume : russell let 's go over to Mom 's house . I want to apologize for that stunt I pull the other day . hume you be still groggy . and you have get to do the questionaire . russell yeah , but after . hume sure . okay . CUT to : ext . mother' house - day the camry and van in the drive . CUT to : int . mother' live room - day Day old cut flower sit in a vase . evangeline , hume and Russell sit across from each other , cradling cup of kona coffee . " Jeopardy " play on the tv in another room . evangeline it 's so amazing you come over . I be just get ready to call you . hume what happen ? evangeline it 's hard to explain . ( they wait ) Dr. klein call . he have get the latest x-ray . I do not understand . I call he back to be sure . he repeat it . ( voice crack ) the tumor be diminish . it 's respond to treatment . it 's almost go . the boy stand , embrace she jointly . hume and russell oh , Mom . hume it 's miraculous . russell I be so happy . evangeline I love you boy . russell I too . hume I can not wait to tell ally . Russ react to a particularly loud burst of applause from the tv : russell how can you stand to have that thing on all the time ? evangeline it 's just background noise . it 's comforting . Russ step into the den , turn off the tv , interrupt Alex trebek mid-sentence . Russ feel something in he jeans , reach in he pocket , pull out a small replica of a elf- like incan god . he do not know quite what to make of it . then he look at he fingernails : they be rimmed pale blue with a clay- like substance . hear he mother 's voice , he return to the live room . evangeline come , boy , sit with I a while . just hold my hand . they sit beside she , take she hand . evangeline let 's enjoy what we have while we have it . reality be so fragile . the end in memory of terence mckenna 1946-2000