on black : a large metal door slam shut . officer ( 0.s. ) single file - stay to the right of the line ... fade in : int . police station - witness viewing room - day pan across the frighten face of nine witness , eye fix straight ahead . a police officer walk slowly past each - footstep echoing in they fear . officer take you time . take a good look . he pass a nervous safeway cashier in uniform . safeway cashier ah , a-are you sure they can not see we ? officer two-way mirror , mar 'am . he pass a uniformed cheerleader , a older woman , then a factory worker , who remove he " lincoln , local 186 " cap and wipe he nervous brow . factory worker but they be train killer . a guy at the plant say , " in ' nam they could smell ya ! " officer this be the United States of America , Sir . Officer reach the end of the line - press a intercom . officer ( cont 'd ) ( into intercom ) face front . witnesses react - gasp - avert they eye ! int . police station - line up - day the source of they fear - five uniformed cheerleader against the suspect wall . they look like deer catch in headlight . a sixth cheerleader , dian weston , be help up the step . one thing separate she from the rest - she' six month pregnant . diane ( friendly , to female officer ) I be sorry to bother you , mar 'am , but be this go to take long ? it 's game night . officer ( on intercom ) picture in three -- like say " walk " to a dog , the girl instantly smile . officer ( cont 'd ) ( on intercom ) -- two , one ... int . police station - line up - day flash white to individual mug shot ( with credit ) over lincoln high school song . match dissolve white into : a light hang above a table . FBI agent ( 0.s. ) ...a heinous crime have be commit here ... camera crane down to : int . police station - interrogation room - day camera track eye level around the table where a FBI agent ( mid - 40' , black suit ) , sit across from lisa janusch ( cheerleader from the witness side ) - pretty , in a man-made way - bitchy in a b-squad cheerleader way . other black suite agent stand in the room . cheerleader mug shot cover the table . FBI agent ... and testify in such a case be a serious matter . should you decide you testimony would jeopardize you personal safety . lisa look , " sipowitz " , I say I would tell you everything - I be just hope to finish up before menopause kick in . she smile sweetly to the agent , then push Diane 's mug shot toward he . lisa ( cont 'd ) ( drop smile ) let 's start with the one who think she shit do not stink . Diane Weston . dissolve to : int . diane's bathroom - morning close on foggy , heart - shape mirror . lisa ( v.0o . ) she 's like a goddamn poster child for high school . a hand enter frame and wipe clear the mirror , revealing diane ( pregnant cheerleader in open - not pregnant now ) . diane ( to self in mirror ) Morning , sunshine . remember , this be the best day of you life . she start to leave - then come back . diane ( cont 'd ) -- so far ! she buck she chin in the mirror and smile - she 's beyond adorable . lisa ( v.0o . ) if I be not such a lady , I would tell you what a bitch she really be . dissolve to : int . lincoln high - gymnasium - day sign read " cheerlead tryout . " pan down a long line of hopeful girl . lisa ( v.o. ) she 's the a-squad captain - steal the title from I . you should charge she with that ... end on Diane , pompom on hip , smile toward the camera . a sign on the floor in front of she read : " squad member . " a sign to she leave read : " challenger " . bruce , a effeminate young man , bound up behind the " challenger " sign - put he pompom on hip . diane hey , Bruce ! you look cute ... bruce ( off clothes ) Tommy hilfiger . I be hope fourth year 's a charm . he cross he finger and arm . Diane smile . lisa run in frame and shove Bruce to the ground . lisa outta my way , fag . I be up . humiliate , Bruce run 0.s. Lisa take he place , look straight ahead and smile , pompom on hip . lisa ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) this really should have be my year . I have a lotta work do - I - I mean , y'know , I would do a lotta work over the summer . Diane can not take she eye off Lisa . diane Lisa ?... be - be that you ? lisa' student i.d. drop into frame - she nose be big , she have no chin . lisa ( look straight ahead ) I lose a little weight . i.d. leave frame lisa ( cont 'd ) ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) you could tell it make she nervous . Diane shake she head in disbelief and turn forward . diane / lisa ready ? ( pompom snap to waist ) okay ! pompom SNAP to thighs and the cheer begins . Diane be effortless as she glide , jump and smile through it - clearly better than Lisa . lisa ( v.0o . ) but they have to , y'know , spread the talent around , so I have be on the B squad for four year . CuT to : int . police station - interrogation room - day Lisa push the rest of the mug shot toward the FBI agent . lisa now , the squad as a whole ? they be closer than Carolina cousin . some people say they be , like , lezbos or something . but that 's mostly just the yag-offs in band ... dissolve to : int . lincoln high - girl ' bathroom - day five pair of legs with matching anklet and white keds dangle from the stall . lisa ( v.0o . ) ... truth be , they be so close - they all get they monthly visit from " aunt Rose '' at the same time . a hand reach under the first stall , passing a BOX of tampons to the next stall - and so on down the line . lisa ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) first , there 's Hannah wold ... first stall door hannah wold , a large , pretty girl in uniform , exit and cross to the mirror . lisa ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) she 's they base . strong as a ox . she 's like this uber-christian - do not say much . I mean , if she be not kinda pretty , you would go , " hey , who 's the tard ? " next stall door cleo mille , pretty , starlet - type , wear plenty of make -up . she lift the front of she uniform sweater , hold it with she tooth . lisa ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) then , there 's cleo Miller ... she open she purse , pull out a gel breast and stuff it in one cup of she bra . lisa ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) number one - not a natural blonde . she repeat for the other breast , then pull she sweater down . lisa ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) I know . I have be in the locker room and see south of the border . number two -- ( whisper ) she have to see the school shrink . cleo lift the back of she skirt - revealing conan o'brien be face silkscreened on she underpant ( think bubble above he head read " Friday ... I love cleo . " ) . she kiss her hand and plant it on he / she cheek . dissolve to : int . lincoln high - school counselor' office - day cleo sit in front of the school counselor . cleo dream ? you mean , like , where I be in conan 's all leather apartment - I do not know if he have one , that 's why it 's a dream - and suddenly we be buck - naked and all oile up . I do not know where the oil come from - again , that 's why it 's a dream . dissolve to : int . lincoln high - girl ' bathroom - continuous next stall door shake , but doesn't OPEN . lisa ( v.0o . ) cleo 's weird , but Kansas Hill - that girl 's crazy . hand appear on top of the stall door - and kansas hill petite , cute in a trashy , monster - truck - pull , kinda way - crawl under . kansas son-of-a-blue-balled -bitch ! I always get this one . lisa ( v.0o . ) mouth on she that could stop a bull in heat . get she nut - brain from she mom . see , Mrs. Hill 's be in prison since the day Kansas be bear ... dissolve to : int . hospital room - 1983 - night mrs . hill be blurry Pov - from she hospital bed . lisa ( v.0o . ) she be lie there , in labor with Kansas , when she see something go on in the next bed . Mrs. Hill 's Pov pan left - next bed come into focus . lisa ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) turn out it 's Kansas ' dad , uh , take a nurse 's temp . stay with I , I be try to be delicate . focus clear in silhouette , a man be fucking a nurse . lisa ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) so , Mrs. Hill whip out a shotgun and blow he ass to kingdom come . we see this - still in mrs . hill Pov . lisa ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) jury say , because the majority of woman in lincoln County have baby do not bring a shotgun , it count as premeditation . int . lincoln high - girl ' bathroom - continuous lisa ( v.0o . ) she get life without parole , so Kansas life with she grandparent . the next stall door open and lucy - cute , smart , very tidy - exit , suddenly stop to look down . lisa ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) then there 's Lucy ... she take out a white - out bottle and touch a spot on she already white ked ... stand ... look ... then touch a spot on the other shoe ... lisa ( cont 'd ) ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) geek extraordinaire - a walk leave brain . she 's suppose to have this genius 1I .q.? she then start a obsessional frenzy of " whiting out " spot all over she ked . diane exit the final stall and take away Lucy 's white - out . lisa ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) Truth be , she 's a obsessive - compulsive little freak . diane / lisa hand in , lady . squad join Diane in a circle , put they hand over she hand - a la madonna , backstage . diane today , we be go to cheer loud , jump high , and look pretty because -- diane / squad cheer -leaders-kick -- in one beat , all swing right arm over head , landing with a smack on the " ass " of the girl to they right . diane now let 's get go - because nobody ever get ahead by sit on they behind ! as all run out , we : int . lincoln high - gymnasium - day principal smith , a man who burn out long ago , stand behind a microphone on a small stage as he 's do for 45 year . the lincoln high " fightin ' log " mascot ( look like a angry tootsie Roll with leg and overly muscular arm ) stand beside he , pantomime everything he say . student fill bleacher on either side . lisa ( v.0o . ) the school year start off like normal . principal Smith give he pep talk -- principal smith ( read from a list ) ... and if you be approach to buy drug , let someone you trust know . if you be think of harm yourself or other , let someone know . if it burn when you urinate , have milky seepage or be be touch by a uncle - let someone know ... mascot look at he , try to pantomime . lisa ( v.0o . ) the a-squad perform ... gym light go dark . student scream . drum corp . and brass band start " rock & roll part ii " by Gary glitter . the spotlight race around the gym before it hit center court . the a-squad spring to they foot for a amazing cheer / dance - strong , sexy , acrobatic , non-traditional . lisa ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) now , I know it 's my duty to give you all the fact , so I have to say that they cheer blow like a bulimic after Christmas dinner . they blatant disregard for National High School cheerlead Association rule make I sick . " basket toss flip and wolf wall pyramid over two people high be strictly prohibit . " I make a complete report and send it in . jack Pov outside the gym door . lisa ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) and finally , the football team be introduce . principal smith ( 0.s. ) transferring from Truman High , the new star quarter back of we mighty fightin ' log ! thunderous applause ! lisa ( v.0o . ) that 's when Jack and Diane meet . nobody see it come ... camera turn , player head - butt and high - five camera / Jack as he start through the door - look around gym . slow motion freeze -frame as the spotlight hit camera / Jack . lisa ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) especially not Jack ... SOUND distort . it 's loud and confusing . through it , we see the a-squad run and do back flip toward camera / Jack . as the squad near camera / Jack , suddenly Diane 's ked-clad foot come into frame and smashes into camera / Jack . dip to black lisa ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) he fall for she hard . Iris OPEN . diane hover over camera / Jack , apologize , look angelic . a-squad surround she . suddenly a frantic mascot break through , tip he log head back - it's bruce ( from try-out ) - mouth " noooooo ! " he pull camera / Jack up . angle on mascot / Bruce as he drag he prize quarterback out of the gym . Jack and Diane 's eye never separate . lisa ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) Jack be fine - oh man , be he fine . it be like he be a bar of chocolate and the whole school be on the rag - everyone want a piece of he ... close on Diane 's mouth . diane Jack bartlett ... Jack bart-lett ... Jack bar-t-lett . she continue as we pull back to reveal we be : int . diane's bathroom - that night it 's a early 80' dream . the squad sit on they sleep bag , in a circle , on the floor . they be painting nail , give henna tattoo , streaking hair , etc . Hannah have a ouija board in front of she , hand rest on the " message indicator . " Diane have she eye close . diane ++. ja-ck b-ar-t-le-tt ... be Jack bartlett interested in I ? hannah ( nervous ) I - I be sorry - can someone else please run the ouija board ? it 's creepy , it 's wrong and it go against the teaching of my Lord and savior , Jesus Christ . kansas Hannah , in order to get real answer from the netherworld , you have gotta have a Christian virgin run the board . you kind be pure of heart - the devil will not dick with you . hannah ( look down ) well technically , I do not think I 'ma virgin anymore . squad react ! hannah ( cont 'd ) yeah . this summer at church camp ? I be pretty sure I have , y'know , a orgasm . kansas hold up , hold up . any sentence that start with " at church camp " be not lead to the big " 0 . " cleo that 's not true . that picture of Christ - all sweaty and bare - chest on the cross - always kinda make I hot . squad just stare at she . kansas anyway , last time I check , you still have to have sex to have a orgasm . and I know she be not see the lord on all four - so I be just say . diane well , I want to know what happen -- hannah okay , one night , around sunset , I go horseback riding with the nun . they go every night . and , well , we be trot pretty hard , y'know ? the hard leather saddle , pound between my leg ... cleo I just get a little squishy ... hannah all of a sudden , I feel ... I feel ... I feel just super alive ... ( whisper ) " down there . " I swear I think it be the second come . kansas nope . sound more like the first . diane ( take the hand - piece ) I will just ask the question myself ... " be Jack bartlett interested in I ? " as the hand - piece start to move on the board , we : int . jack split - level - garage - morning Jack ( with a red ked print on he cheek ) stand with three football player look under the hood of he ' 75 gto . they have all get one hand in back pocket , the other wrap around a beer . football player # 1 you do the bondo yourself ? jack yeah . football player # 2 sure-is-sweet . football player # 1 what will she do ? jack never open she up . football player # 2 S -weet . jack who be the girl who kick I in the head yesterday ? football player # 1 Diane Weston . football player # 2 now she sure be sweet . dissolve to : int . lincoln high - auditorium - day sign hang above the stage . " homecoming king and queen candidate . " a row of student candidate , include Jack Diane and Lisa , sit behind a butch girl at the podium . lisa ( v.0o . ) look , I will be honest with you . most of we realize we do not have a whore 's chance in heaven with Jack the day of candidate speech . as the butch girl conclude she speech , she hold a sign over she head which read , " 4 -h - a way of life ! " int . school auditorium - later a geeky guy stand at the podium . geeky guy as the a.v . Club candidate , I think , for the first time in fifty year , we should say -- ( nervous ) no to a football player as king ! two high - pitched male voice cheer 0o.s. geeky guy ( cont 'd ) vote brain over braun ! a football fly into frame , hit geeky guy on the forehead . int . school auditorium - later Jack stand at the podium , unable to speak because the crowd be cheering ! he 's handsome as hell , sweet and genuine . you can not help but love he and you really want to fuck he . lisa ( v.0o . ) it be the first time most of we even hear Jack speak . jack whoa ... thanks , uh - wow . uh , hey alright ... okay , uh -- lisa ( v.0o . ) we be not disappointed . jack guy ! hey , guy ! shut up a minute . the crowd quiet down . jack ( cont 'd ) well , uh , I think it just really rock that the football team pick I as they , y'know , uh , candidate . football player ad - lib " yeah ! whoa kick ass ! " female voice we love you , Jack ! jack hey , well , I love you lunch lady ! audience laugh . jack ( cont 'd ) I just want to say that there be only three thing I want in life - to someday become a senator of this great state ... audience cheer . jack ( cont 'd ) I want to lead the lincoln High fightin ' log to victory at the homecome game -- audience cheer ! jack ( cont 'd ) okay , okay ... uh , and I ... I want to go to the homecome dance with Diane Weston . stunned silence . Diane stare at he . Lisa look piss . the school suddenly erupt with cheer ! Jack turn to Diane . she run up to the podium . they hug and kiss . lisa ( v.0o . ) ucht ! they be like friggin' barbie and Ken , but without the pink , remote control corvette . overnight people be go , like -- smash CUT to : int . school - day average girl face camera - mouthing : lisa ( v.0o . ) " oh , they be the perfect couple ! " smash CUT to : int . school - day another average girl face camera - mouthing : lisa ( v.0o . ) " they be so cuuuuuuuuute ! " int . geeky guy bedroom - night geeky guy sit alone , type frantically at he computer , stop occasionally to push up he glass . lisa ( v.o. ) I be sure it give the internet whacks something to talk about besides agent scully and they most recent wet dream . smash CUT to : int . lincoln high - auditorium - day Jack and Diane be still in a love- lock . lisa ( v.0o . ) now , I be not one to gossip , but I think Jack and Diane get so close so fast because they discover how much they both love ... music up : int . lincoln high hall - closet - day quick two - second cut close on janitorial closet door . a excited Diane and Jack meet in front of it , kiss and roll into the closet . int . wrestling gym - day a climbing rope hang in the middle of the shot . suddenly a dishevel Jack slide down . a beat later , Diane follow . they kiss and part way - drop hand at the last minute . int . school hall - principal be office - day close on door. red-faced Jack and Diane peek out , look to see they be alone , kiss good - bye , then head off in opposite direction . door close to reveal a sign " principal Smith . " ext . football field - night it 's cold and loud . start on he own 10 yard line , Jack take the hike , look leave , right - pump once - twice - nothing . he burst through the line , dodging - weaving - leaping over he opponent . on the clock 15 second ... on the a-squad hold they breath , pompon at the ready . mascot run past they , pantomime " nervous " to the crowd by bite he nail and knock he knee . on jack as he reach the line of scrimmage . there 's one defender left . Jack fake leave , right - take the tackle - but manage to roll out of it ! he - could-go-all-the ... on the crowd they be go wild ! on the a-squad run along the sideline - Diane lead the way ! on jack he look right - see Diane and mouth " I love you ! " jack Pov Diane mouth " I love you ! " diane's Pov Jack make the touchdown , spike the ball , and start a slow run toward we - arm outstretch . we run toward he in slow motion . suddenly a wall of player enter frame and tackle he in celebration . end music . lisa ( v.0o . ) now , right about here 's where the real shit start to hit the fan ... do not worry - I will clean this up a bit if I have to appear in court -- especially if we be on " Court tv . " int . diane's split - level - front door - night sfx : doorbell dennis weston ( Diane 's dad ) open the door while deedee ( Diane 's Mom ) flash a photo of a surprised Jack and he parent . deedee well , there 's a Christmas card . dennis come in , come in ... all enter the foyer . Jack look gorgeous in he tux . his parent be just like Diane 's - mid -40 's housewife and middle management drine . they child be they life . dennis ( cont 'd ) say Jack , why do not you go light a fire under Diane . jack I be on it , Mr. Weston . Jack smile and bound up the stair - two at a time . deedee oh - say , where be my manners . I be deedee - you can remember I because of my double " D 's . " she laugh with Dennis as if it 's the first time she 's say it . we see where Diane get she perk - and she body . dennis and I be Diane 's dad , Dennis . do not try that after one of my screwdriver ! Dennis and deedee laugh again . deedee ( recover ) whoooo - now who want some pigs-in - a blanket ? int . split - level - diane's bedroom - later angle on vanity mirror . Diane be put on lip gloss - she look beautiful in she gown . we see jack enter in the b.g . she turn . he react to she beauty . diane hi , Jack . jack Excuse I , vendela , have you see Diane ? we be suppose to go to the homecome dance tonight . Diane laugh . they move in for a hormonally drive kiss . int . split - level - live room - later all be seat . the woman be enjoy pigs-in - a- blanket while the man suck back screwdriver . lisa ( v.0o . ) I obviously be not there the night they all meet , but it be probably a super goober fest . Dee Dee enthusiastically mouth the follow : lisa ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) ( mock Dee Dee 's voice ) " you Jack 's one heck of a good football player . " Jack 's dad mouth the follow : lisa ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) ( mock Jack 's dad 's voice ) " it do not know how he can concentrate with you lovely Diane cheer on the sideline ?! " they all laugh . lisa ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) " ha , ha , ha , ha ... " ucht ! Jack and Diane enter the hold hand . Dee Dee go crazy flashing photo . all ad - lib adoration . jack hold on a minute . hold on . I have a announcement . Jack put he arm around Diane - they be beam . jack ( cont 'd ) I and Diane , uh ... we decide we be go to get marry . the parent react with shock , then absolute joy ! Dee Dee start to cry - turn the camera on herself . deedee oh , oh , mother of the bride - I be allow ! diane but not before ... I have we baby . all freeze - the calm before the shit storm . suddenly , Jack 's Mom throw she head back and let out a blood curdling scream . smash CUT to : jack and diane's stunned face pull back to reveal we be : int . jack be gto - minute later diane .».. so when you dad say , " I never want to see you " for - ' in ' face again ! " do you think he mean forever or just until you mom wake up ? jack I do not know ... and what the hell be that sound she make right before she hit the coffee table . diane well , if I have to guess ... ( convincing self ) I would say that be the sound of a mother say good - bye to she little boy and hello to a young man who 's go to be a daddy of he own ... ( get a idea , cradling he face ) Jack , do you know what I see here ? jack spit from you dad ? diane ( wiping he hair ) I see a flower . and y'know , even the most beautiful flower still grow from dirt . jack yeah . diane so , while we be knee deep in right now - and thing seem pretty " stinky " - in the long run , we be go to grow strong from this . jack y'think ? diane I sure do . beat . jack ( trust and love in he eye ) Diane , I have love you ever since I first saw you -- right before you kick I in the head . diane ( touch ) oh , Jack ... as they move in for a kiss , we : wipe to : a sea of balloon floating up through frame . loud music up . int . lincoln high - gymnasium - later Jack and Diane be on stage , wear crown and large velvet robe - they turn and wave ! they win ! they appear to be float on a sea of balloon . wipe to : a sea of balloon floating down through frame . int . lincoln high - girl ' bathroom - homecoming night five pair of legs with high heel dangle from the stall . ( we have see this shot before . ) music from the dance press through the wall . a hand reach under the first stall , passing a BOX of tampons to the next stall . lisa ( v.0o . ) Diane must have tell she squad that night . BOX of tampons continue down the line - until the last stall . Diane 's hand come down and push the tampons back . diane ( in last stall ) no thanks - do not need one . first stall door file OPEN , follow by the second , third - it stick , Kansas climb over - and FOURTH ! ( cleo exit fix she gel breast . ) the squad surround Diane 's stall door . she finally exit . diane ( cont 'd ) ( look at everyone a beat ) so ... stun silence . lisa ( v.0o . ) I be sure they be thrilled . I mean , if Diane say jump , they would say " double dutch , " " shoot the Moon , " or " Split Russian ? " suddenly , everyone start talk at once . cleo Holy shit . lucy you just become a statistic ! kansas ( suddenly happy ) oh my G -d ! I be not first ! hannah but you be not marry . cleo wait ! do you say you be pregnant or you be pregnant ... you have it , throw it out and you be gonna go back and dance all night ! kansas shut up , cleo . Di , how much do you need for a abortion ? hannah ( suddenly freak ) what ?! no ! not a abortion ! my church can arrange for you to go to Oregon and take care of a " sick aunt " for nine month . then they put you baby good home and you come back - a little daze and puffy - but everything 's fine ! oh please , Di , do not be a whore and a murderer ! all freeze - no one can believe she just say that . lisa ( v.0o . ) Jack tell the team that night , too . CUT to : int . lincoln high - guy ' bathroom - homecoming night Jack and a bunch of football player in tux stand at the urinal , back to camera . jack hey , guy ? uh , I get Diane pregnant . football player # 1 what ?! well - all right ! he high -five Jack with he free hand . football player # 2 you nail Diane Weston ? I would never wash my Johnson again ! he high -five Jack on the other side with he free hand as the other football player also high - five each other . they all freak out when they realize they be touch each other while peeing . int . lincoln high - girl ' bathroom - homecoming night all still stare at Hannah hannah i- I do not mean to say " whore , " Diane . I just hear it so much at church - it kinda come fly out of my head . diane I know , Hannah . look , I be not go to get a abortion . I mean , I always plan to get marry and have kid - I be just go a little out of order . kinda remind I of another young lady who find herself " with child , " unmarried , on a long road , with no place to sleep . " course , that be a long - long time ago . but no matter what , she hold she head high and say ... " pappa do not preach , I be in trouble deep . pappa do not preach , ' cause I be keepin ' my baby . hey . I be gonna keep my baby . " the great one ... all take hand and lower they head . diane ( cont 'd ) ( with reverence ) madonna . kansas we be here for you , Diane . all move in to hug she . lisa ( v.0o . ) I guess they little fairy tale could have end there , " and they live happily ever after . " only problem be ... ( with great joy , laugh ) they do not have a place to live ! dissolve to : int . bank - next day reverse angle Jack and Diane sit in front of a older loan officer be desk . sign read : " you home for home loan . " loan officer look over papers as Jack and Diane look excitedly at one another . Diane take Jack 's hand . loan officer I be sorry . diane what ?! but all we paperwork 's there . my school record , Jack 's football record ... loan officer let I explain something ... diane no. wait ! do I say promise ! Cross - my heart and hope-to-die , stick - a- needle - in my - eye we will never miss a payment ?! loan officer uh , yes . yes you do . jack Diane . hold on a minute . I think I know where this be go . ( sotto , to loan officer ) I be willing to put up the papers for my mustang - she 's get a few mile on she , but she look great . loan officer I be sure , son , but -- jack okay ! stop twist my arm ! I will throw in the speaker . loan officer look , kid , why do not you just have you parent come in and get a loan ? then they could give you the money . diane ( building from a slow burn ) with all due respect , Jack and Diane bartlett ... they exchange a smile , first time say this . diane ( cont 'd ) ... do not accept charity . we be two young , able-body Americans . we do not want a handout . we want a hand - up . give we food and we will be hungry tomorrow . give we corn - the kind you plant , not eat - and we will grow we own food and ... and , uh , then cut it , and - uh , y'k now eat it ! now , if you be interested in give we a home loan , I will sit back down . if not , have a nice day , ma'am . loan officer sorry . my hand be tie . Diane make a dramatic exit , take a handful of M&M 's from she desk . the squad , ( previously unidentified ) loung in the central bank of couch , follow she . jack ( watch proudly ) dissolve to : int . apartment - late afternoon close on a smile Jack and Diane as they look lovingly into each other 's eye . diane well ... it 's a little more than we want to spend , but we will take it ! they kiss . pull back to reveal we be : int . apartment - later it 's a semi-furnished shit-hole . the only window look out on a brick wall . the apartment manager , a grungy , Tommy Lee type , pace . apartment manager Fine . just remember , I manage the building . I do not , like , own it or fix it . so , like , I do not care if shit break . all I care be that the rent be shove under my door on the first . oh , and if there 's , like , package outside my door ? leave ‘em the hell alone . he exit . Jack and Diane be not listen - lose in each other ' eye . smash CUT to : int . burger bin ( food court ) - night customer Pov Jack , in uniform , stand behind the counter . jack ( stilted ) welcome to Burger bin. ( sotto ) do not get the Filet - o - Fish - the fry cook pick he ass . widen to reveal a angry cook stand behind Jack . wipe pan to : int . lincoln taco ( food court ) - night customer Pov Jack , in uniform , behind the counter . he look confuse as he press button on he high - tech register . jack ( accent Spanish word ) two Taco Grannnnde , one burrrrrrito , large ta-co chip and guacamooooooole ... whip pan to : int . gramma's fried chicken ( food court ) - night customer Pov Jack stand at the counter - in uniform . jack ( sotto to customer ) we do not really have fry rat in the bucket - I know , I check . whip pan to : int . lincoln taco ( food court ) - night same scene pull back to reveal a long line wait . jack ( look up from register ) that will be ...uh , thirty five cent , please . whip pan to : int . dinkie' donut ( food court ) - night customer Pov Jack stand at the counter , in sailor uniform . a old navy man , all in white , stand in the b.g. clean he nail with a knife . jack ( nervous , look over shoulder welcome to dinkie 's donut . dissolve to : int . apartment - night a hurt and angry Jack walk in , still in sailor uniform . Diane 's in bed eat and do homework . jack dinkie be a bad , bad man ... int . video barn - night Jack stand in front of the counter , three social retard ( Jack 's age ) behind it . Jack hand they he application . jack ( defeat ) y'know what ? I will save you the time . I be not go to lie . I do not believe in it . if you pick you ass - I be go to tell people . I have no idea how to run you register . and , if any of you be hard core drinker and like to throw knife , well , I be outta here right now . ted uh , be , uh , you - you be Jack bartlett right ? jack yeah . ted you would be , like , hangin ' out with we every night after school , right ? jack yeah - well , after football practice . CHRIS ( savore the word ) football practice - fantasmic . the social retard look at each other , excited . ted you be hire ! dissolve to : int . safeway - cereal aisle - late afternoon muzak up . a worried Diane , now show slightly under all black warm -up , be write on she notepad as she walk down a aisle . suddenly , in the b.g. cross aisle , a ecstatic Jack , in " video barn " uniform , whizhes past , riding he cart . arm out at he side . jack I be on top of the world ! see Diane , he try to stop , but can not and continue past . a second later , he scramble back and ride up to she - toss more box into the already full cart . jack ( cont 'd ) ( hold box of cookie ) hey , Di , if we have a girl , we should dress she like Little Debbie ! Jack pull alongside Diane and kiss she . she notice the full cart . it will cost a fortune . diane Jack , sweetie , I be only eat for two . jack ( positively giddy ) but Di , all this food remind I of how much I want to teach we baby . he toss more cereal in the cart . Diane look at she notepad , then start to return item to the shelf without jack noticing . jack ( cont 'd ) like cocoa puffs. good. Captain crunch . bad . shred the roof of you mouth . I mean you hear , " trick be for kid ! " and you think , " I be a kid , I guess they be for I . " but you baby brain 's get no idea that fruit loops be , like , a million time better . I be go to save we kid all that pain . diane Jack ... jack ( put all three in cart ) if you could be Count chocula frankenberry or trix the rabbit , who would you be ? diane ( remove the box ) trix ... jack I too ! will it ever end ?! ( yell to the store ) I love this lady ! he kiss she as she slip another BOX on the shelf . diane Jack , I think I should get a job . jack ( rub she belly ) but we agree you job be run the baby machine ... diane I know , but that be before . jack ah ! I almost forget gas for the baby machine . I will grab you snicker and get a place in line . he kiss she again and run off . Diane watch he - the love in she eye quickly turn back to worry and she start to put everything back on the shelf : cookie , cereal , chip , ice cream - oh , that struggle , but it go ... int . safeway check out stand - later angle on aisle Diane emerge with a almost empty cart . just milk , peanut butter , bread and a large roast be all that remain . jack ( 0.s. ) hey , di! Diane turn to see Jack , a couple aisle over , hold out a little kid with glass . jack ( cont 'd ) ( in a funny voice ) hello , I be the little professor . would not it be cute if ours look like this ?! a woman rush over and angrily grab she kid back from Jack , punch he and storm off . Diane rush in line , ditching the roast in a gum rack beside the check - out . as she struggle with it , she notice a woman at the lincoln saving and loan branch ( inside the safeway at the end of the check - out aisle ) put out a help wanted sign . int . jack mustange - moment later Jack drive as Diane devour a king size snicker bar . jack I never know you dream of work in a grocery store bank branch . baby , we be live the great american dream ! diane ( mouth full of snicker ) mmm-hmmm . . . unseen by Jack , Diane slip she hand out the partially open window , release a page from she notepad . on the blowing list as the mustang drive on : diane ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) ( mouth full ) if you reach for the star , you be bound to get -- mm - Jack , pull over . jack ( 0.s. ) huh ? oh Jesus ... ext . jack mustang ( swerve to stop ) - sunset he pull over . jack ( 0.s. ) why do they call it morning sickness ? in the unfocused b.g. , Diane open she door and crawl out , about to toss she cookie . in the f.g. , the list settles on the road : from the beautiful mind of diane be a pre-print on the top . Diane write " monthly income " column which total " s525 . " her " monthly bill " column total " $ 845 . " " one month left " be scribble at the bottom . music up : montage begins int . safeway - seafood department / bank branch - day close on a fish in the seafood case . the butcher 's hand come in , take it out , and flop it on the scale . angle on oscillate fan behind he . follow the smell as it drift from the counter over to Diane , work in the Bank branch . she sniff , sniff again , then suddenly gag and go down behind the counter . int . apartment - bedroom - night close on Diane 's belly . Jack 's hand come into frame , trace it against the wall . pull back as diane step away . we see two line label , " august " and " september " on the wall . they smile and kiss . int . lincoln high - hallway - day slow motion the squad , in uniform , walk toward camera in a line across the hall - look cool as hell . angle behind squad walk away . a additional piece of fabric have be add to the back of Diane 's skirt . int . apartment - live room - day Jack and Diane open the front door . the build manager push in a big screen tv . music under . build manager I need a place to keep this . anyone ask , what d'ya know ? you do not know shit . school band music up . Jack and Diane hug each other , they have a tv ! ext . football field - night Jack hike the ball , step back to throw , but trip on he shoe lace . on the crowd all be silent . a heckler stand . heckler hey , bartlett , pick up you skirt when you run ! on the squad watch from the field . Diane turn to the crowd . Jack 's heckler must die ! kansas ( yell to heckler ) run , you bastard , run ! she 's hormonal !! Diane 's off , scaling the bleacher . ext . football field - after game - night fan be gone . a beat - up Jack , helmet under arm , walk with he arm around Diane , who 's icing she fist . he smile and kiss she hand . int . apartment - bedroom - night close on Diane 's belly . Jack 's hand come into frame , trace it . pull back as Diane step away . we see three line : " August " , " September " and " October " already write on the wall . they smile and kiss . int . mall - video barn - day close on Jack and the social retard . jack ... she 's in my hand , right ? moist to the touch . it 's at that moment I think I control she - she 's mine . but it 's a false illusion , like in " backdraft . " no man control fire ! she 's ready , I be ready , she 's ready , I yell , " one - fifty four , forty eight . " pull back to reveal he 's hold a football . jack ( cont 'd ) hike ! the social retard be orgasmic over he story . int . safeway - bank branch - day muzak up . Diane , at the service window , smile as she help a customer , then drop she pen behind the counter , mouth " ooops , one moment . " she bend down . behind the counter Diane voraciously rip the top off a snicker and shove it into a jar of haagendaaz . she take a huge bite , then pop up , smiling - mouth full . int . mall book store - parenting section - day squad be look over different pregnancy book . cleo read from a teen looking magazine . cleo I can not believe they have the " top ten alternative to sex for you and you boyfriend " and " watch each other masturbate " be not even list ! all stare at she a beat . lucy ( off pregnancy book ) Diane , it say here you be go to have mood swing , uncontrollable gas . kansas more proof God 's a guy ... lucy ... and sex dream where you actually have a orgasm ! kansas virgin Mary musta snuck that one in . Hannah hit Kansas . music turn to slower minor chord . int . lincoln high - hallway - day same slow motion scene . squad walk toward camera in line across the hall - again look cool as hell . angle behind a larger piece of fabric have be add to the back of Diane 's skirt . int . apartment - live room - night Diane ( eat snicker ) sit in the bean - bag chair in front of the big screen tv . Jack stand beside it , hold a video , " animal births . " he smile and put it in the vcr . under open credit a kitten be be born . Jack be horrify by it . int . mall - video barn - late night Jack , looking tire , be do homework at the counter with the social retard . ( store be decorate for Christmas . ) CHRIS Jack , c'mon , you promise . jack ( yawn ) okay , one question . ted ( to other social retard ) oh , I - I -me , mine 's great . CHRIS proceed , dungeon master quan . Lisa approach the counter , video tape in hand . ted okay . Jack , y'know how you and Diane ... sleep together ? ( look to tard , pleased with himself ) well now that you can not , y'know , ( fuck ) " sleep together , " but you still sleep together , do not you ever get , like , just , super horny ? if so , how horny ? I will be quiet now so I can listen to you answer . lisa ( flirt she ass off ) yeah , Jack - I would love to hear you answer . she set she video on the counter , smile seductively . Jack start to run they under the scanner . jack the answer 's easy ... ( quickly ) oh , " lolita " be due tomorrow - same for " 9 1 /2 week . " ditto on " Wild thing . " ( back to question ) I be gonna be a dad ! dad do not get horny . Lisa grab she tape and exit . int . apartment - bedroom - day close on Diane 's belly . Jack 's hand come into frame , trace it . ice cream drip on it . Jack lick it off as we pull back to see a very tire Diane hold a pint of ice cream , use a snicker as a spoon . four line label " August , " " September , " " October " and " November " on the wall . Jack give Diane a tired peck on the cheek as she continue to eat . ext . football field - night on crowd as they turn flash card in unison to read : " 2-4-6-8 log be rollin ' on the state ! " on squad go nut ! they notice Diane be not there . she 's eat a vendor 's box . they run over to she . on jack run for a touchdown - a la he homecome run . this time he 's exhaust and the competition be gain . everything grind to a slo -mo crawl as Jack make a heroic leap for the touchdown . with he spare hand , he attempt to smother a huge yawn , as oppose player come fly at he from both side . smash CUT to : int . apartment - bedroom - later that night angle above bed continuation of pervious shot as Jack land on the bed complete the touchdown . Diane fall across the frame from the opposite side . they be asleep by the time they hit the bed - still in cheerlead and football uniform . Jack hold a large state trophy - Diane hold a half - eat snicker . end music lisa ( v.0o . ) okay , so they win state - b.f.d . the best part be Diane be really start to look like shit . dissolve to : int . safeway bank branch - day close on Diane 's face - smashed against a side glass panel as she sleep . she really do look like shit - puffy eye , no make up , dark circle , bad hair and drool come from she mouth . lucy ( 0.s. ) Diane ? Diane ! diane ( waking up ) huh-ha - wha ? ( scratch on window ) ahh ! I be under the ice ! I be uh -- oh ...man ... ( open she window ) that be a weird one . pull back to reveal the squad stand in front of Diane . cleo another sex dream ? diane Wayne gretzky . kansas hat-trick ? diane ( exhaust ) he be the great one ... int . mall - video barn - later Jack be asleep on he book at the small child 's furniture , set up beside the child 's voice . Lisa approach . lisa ( sweetly ) Jack ? oh Jack ... Ted approach . ted can I help you ? lisa ( loud whisper ) get you loser ass away from I ! Ted exit . Lisa look around , then walk over and kick the chair out from under Jack 's head , send he crash to the floor . lisa ( cont 'd ) oh my G -d - be you okay ? she immediately kneel beside he , place he aching head in she lap - smother he in she breast . jack ( groggily reach up ) Diane ? Lisa stand , drop he from she lap . dissolve to : int . apartment - live room - night it 's pitch black . we hear a key in the door . it open , a arm come in and the light goe on . a exhaust Diane and the squad , carry thing for the sleep - over , enter . lucy carry a pizza box . the place be a pit . all but Diane stop , in SHOCK . lucy oh my G -d , you have be rob ! diane ( tired and depressed ) no ... I have be pregnant . cleo Di , be you okay ? we can skip the girl party this week . diane ( unconvincing ) everything 's fine . I be just have a little trouble keep my frown upside down . Diane force a smile . hannah you want we to help you pick up ? diane ( snap ) do not martha-fuck - Stewart I ! if you do not like it - you try be a pregnant teen ! Diane yank the safeway bag from Hannah and storm 0.s. kansas and we have we first pregnancy mood swing . all that 's leave be -- Diane fart 0o.c . kansas ( cont 'd ) bingo . dissolve to : int . apartment - later later squad sit in a clear space in front of the big tv , painting nail , read magazine , etc . Diane eat . cleo do you guy hear that in China - or one a that place that make the really cheap silk shoe and kid be super smart - that as a reward for good grade , mother get they kid hooker to blow them ? all stop and look at she . hannah cleo huh . musta be a dream . diane I be sorry to keep ask this , but be you guy sure I be not fat ? squad look to each other , nervous , then ad - lib " no ! " diane ( cont 'd ) " no " you be not sure or " no " I be not fat ? kansas uh , " no " ... you be not fat . diane you sure I be not fat ? lucy ( can not take it any more ) look , you be fat , Diane . you be fat , fat , fat ! because you eat , eat , eat ! ( to shocked squad ) what ?! she keep ask because she want some honesty . diane ( break down ) no I do not ... I keep ask because I feel fat . lucy oh G -d , I be sorry ... you be not really fat ! I be just say that because , uh , I think that 's what you want I to say . diane you sure ? lucy positive . diane " positive " you be sure I be not fat or " positive " I be ... dissolve to : int . apartment - later that night squad be watch " point break " on tv : Bank robbery about to start . Diane eat snicker . lucy oh my g-d , I read about this ! it 's call a " pregnancy insanity . " Quick she need a sitz bath -- diane ( put down she snicker ) look , I might be moody . I might be gassy . but I be perfectly sane . think about it . in school , they tell we , " dream can come true . " right ? squad ad - lib agreement - not know where this be go . diane ( cont 'd ) but they do not tell we how ! well thanks to keanu , I figure it out ! money make you dream come true . squad ad - lib they concern for she mental health . diane ( cont 'd ) ( old spirit return ) listen , Kansas , I know you dream of spring you mom some day ... kansas stop , you be gonna make I cry . diane and if the 0.j. trial teach we anything , it teach we that in America , you can cut off someone 's head and still be find innocent if you have enough money . you mom only shot a guy ... Kansas smile at the think . diane ( cont 'd ) now cleo , I know you dream of a all leather apartment with conan - I hear the school shrink tell a lunch lady . cleo blushes and smile guiltily at the think . diane ( cont 'd ) and Hannah , you could give you share to you church - or maybe buy one of that hungry little kid Sally struther advertise . hannah or , I could get my own horse ... diane or that ! look , you guy , I just want to provide a future for my baby . I know my bank branch like the back of my puffy little hand . I could open that safe in my sleep ! kansas I be in . squad react with SHOCK - do she just say that ? kansas ( cont 'd ) I mean it . I amin . this be the close thing to a goddamn family that I have ever have . if one of we need something , we all do . lucy stop it ! this be crazy ! cleo I be in , too . lucy cleo ! cleo Kansas be right . we be like sister -- we be closer than sister . and you do not turn you back on family . diane c'mon , luce , people do it in the movie all the time . lucy and they get catch ! diane that 's right . so all we have to do be watch a bunch of movie and learn from they mistake . cleo and you know real cop be not half as smart as keanu . lucy forget it . I have get a scholarship to Harvard hang over my head . I will not risk it . cleo ( sotto , to Kansas ) conan go to Harvard . kansas ( sotto ) shut up . diane Lucy , do you know for sure you be go to get that scholarship ? lucy diane if you do not - can you still afford to go to Harvard ? lucy ».. I do not know . probably not . diane so then this be not crazy . it 's a sure bet . lucy well ... squad ad - lib they encouragement . lucy ( cont 'd ) I guess we be in this together . they jump around , thrilled . lucy ( cont 'd ) but , we have to make a smart plan ! diane of course - of course ! hand in ... squad put they hand in . diane ( cont 'd ) we all have to cross-our-hearts - hope - to die-stick - a- dirty - needle - in - my - eye that we will never tell Jack . we all know he can not lie - that 's why he 's go to be such a great senator . music up : as the squad go through they " cheerleader kick ass ! " routine . dissolve to : int . cleo' bedroom - day it look just like Diane 's basement . cleo sit on the couch , eat from a bag of microwave popcorn . the video BOX for " reservoir dog " play in the tiny picture - in-picture . dissolve to : int . lucy bedroom - day the room be neatly order . Lucy sit at she computer - dvd case of " heat " sit beside she monitor . she 's take copious note . her mom enter with milk and cookie . Lucy stand , conceal she monitor . her mom set down the cookie and kiss Lucy 's good - night before she exit . relieved , Lucy sit at she computer again . dissolve to : int . hannah's live room - day it 's a sparse room , fill with religious icon . Hannah nervously place a video into the vcr above the tv , then sit on the couch . she smile about to push play on the remote when she stern , uber - christian parent enter and take a seat on either side of she . her look turn to fear as she father take the remote and hit play . end music . dissolve to : ext . lincoln high - establishing shot - day int . lincoln high - hallway locker - continuous camera track down the hallway , pass group of kid as they talk beside they locker . we pass the geeky guy ( from " candidate speech " ) and he two friend . geeky guy ... I feel utterly abandon in a place that value physical prowess over mental acuity . I can not wait for all this to change once we get in the real world ... continue tracking past lisa and the b-squad . lisa ... I do ! I totally marry Prince William even if he be gay . I mean , in England all guy be kinda gay anyway . even cigarettes be fag over there ... b-squad ad-lib agreement as we continue to the a-squad around Diane 's locker . cleo ... he slice off the guy 's ear , and I mean you see everything - the bloody pink hole where the -- diane cleo , I have already throw up twice today - could you please get to any relevant part of the movie ? cleo ( vamp ) well ...uh... they , y'know , uh ... they have nickname . dissolve to : int . lincoln high - lunchroom - day squad sit at they lunch table in this large , open room . only Diane eat - from all the trays . Lucy walk around the table , hand out staple packet . lucy ... page one be a plot summary of " heat . " two have my character summary . Three be my overall critique and on four through ten , you will find my nexus search of all prior analysis of this film ... all stare at she . she stop - start to pick up the packet . lucy ( cont 'd ) uh , in summation , no part of " heat " be really applicable to a grocery store bank branch robbery . jack ( 0.s. ) what the heck be go on here ? all turn to see Jack , follow by football player and the video barn geek . diane uh , Jack - look , I can explain ... jack Diane , there 's no excuse for not take you pre-natal vitamin . now , if you guy be really friend , you would remind she to take this . he smile , give Diane she vitamin and kiss she head before exite to the " jock table . " ted uh , cleo ... would you just say my name ? dissolve to : int . gynecologist's office - waiting room - late afternoon the squad , in uniform , sit along the wall . pregnant couple fill the rest of the room . hannah ...so , while it 's a laugh riot for the whole family , and Tim conway be just about as funny as they come , especially when he go ... kansas wait a minute . you watch the Apple fuck - dumple gang ?! hannah I be only allow " G " movie . kansas ( lose it ) be I the only one who care about this ? at least I watch " Dog Day afternoon ! " husband Excuse I , could you please keep you voice down ? we be not introduce anger into the womb . kansas ( snap back ) well how would you like I to introduce my foot into you ass ? diane Kansas ! kansas ( lowering she voice ) I be sorry , Diane , but I be not gonna watch my dream fade away ' cause the virgin Mary here think she 's gonna get idea from kiddie movie -- hannah that of we who have parent , know that they have rule because they care ! all fall silent - she go too far . Kansas stand . kansas you sure you wanna go there ? hannah ( nervously stand ) uh...maybe ? kansas " Cause I will Jerry springer you faster than you can say " fat -ass lesbian ! " Kansas and Hannah go at it - the girl fight be on . Diane , cleo and Lucy try to pull they apart , ad - libbing " stop ! " and " knock it off ! " a nurse enter from the other side of the room . nurse Diane Weston ? Diane push she way through the fight , force a smile . int . exam room - moment later a dishevel squad enter to find Diane on the exam table , cry . her sweater be pull up , pregnant belly expose . a ultrasound machine and monitor be on beside she . cleo Di , we be sorry . we ... diane it 's off ... I can not take the fight , the back -stabbing , the open hostility . we be not act like cheerleader , we be act like a bunch of sorority girl ! the squad rush to a sobbing Diane , embarrassed by they behavior and what it 's do to Diane . diane ( cont 'd ) ( through tear ) it 's all my fault . I be sorry I ever start this ... kansas Di , it 's not you fault . we all want to do this - for you ... for ourselves . squad ad - lib agreement . cleo pick up the ultra - SOUND hand piece beside Diane and start fiddling with it . hannah look , maybe I can watch a pg movie ... I will just say I be count dirty word for Sunday School . diane that 's okay , Hannah . it be silly to think we could learn to rob a bank from watch movie . sex - you can learn from movie . but robbery ? there 's no way . cleo set the hand - piece on Diane 's belly . the squad stare in wide - eye wonder at the monitor - for the first time they see Diane 's baby . Diane do not notice . diane ( cont 'd ) besides , tv-land have a " Little House on the prairie " marathon and the ingall make baby carrie 's bed in a dresser drawer . I guess I can just do that ... Diane see the squad stare and turn to the monitor . diane ( cont 'd ) oh my g-d ... she sees her baby moving and gently touch she belly with both hand . it 's all very real . suddenly , the baby shirt forward and we see a second baby head . cleo ahh ! baby 's get two head !!! lucy it 's twin !! diane oh , thank G -d ! I be not just super fat ! kansas ( building ) oh - okay , we be not do with this ... that baby be gonna get a good start in life - with a real crib - one that cost a shit -load ! we be gonna learn how to rob a bank from the only people who really know how to do it - criminal ! I be gonna visit my mom ! squad can not believe what she just say . dissolve to : int . oklahoma women' prison - visiting room - day close on Mrs. Hill , a tough look woman who smoke like a chimney . mrs . hill you do not look nothing like you picture . what happen to the curly red hair ? angle on Kansas . kansas grandma and grandpa send you picture of a neighbor girl . they do not want you to break out and come kidnap I . mrs . hill thank g-d . I be start to think I would kill the wrong man . there 's a awkward silence as the reality of this hit Kansas . her mom light up a cigarette . kansas you should not smoke so many of that . mrs . hill I know , but it keep down the size of my can . kansas they could kill you . mrs . hill so could half the woman in here . and I would rather go out with a nice can ... so watcha here for ? to say how much you hate I or how much you grandparent hate I ... kansas I do not hate you . I need you help . mrs . hill my what ? kansas you help . mrs . hill now how the hell can I help you ? kansas ( sit close ) okay , you can not tell anybody . mrs . hill gee , I will sit out this afternoon 's coffee talk . whaddya want ? kansas my best friend get pregnant . mrs . hill before you ? whoo-hoo ! they high - five through the glass . kansas I know - that 's what I say too . anyway , we want to help she get some money for the baby by robbing a bank . mrs . hill well , shit -fire , Kansas , that 's the sweetest goddamn thing ever ... kansas I know , but we can not quite figure out how to , y'know , do it . mrs . hill ( near tear ) so you need my help ? oh my g-d , this be like ask I for help with you homework . ( call behind she ) hey , mink , c'mere ! mink , a tough -look woman with short spiky hair join she . mrs . hill ( cont 'd ) Kansas , I want you to meet someone special . kansas oh , Jesus Christ , Mom ! like my life be not a great big pile - of - shit ' cause you be in here ? now I have to add , " p.s . my mom 's a dyke " too ? mrs . hill what ?! hush up , you mouthy little shit ! kansas hey , do not " mouthy shit " I - I be outta here . mrs . hill wait , petunia . mommy 's a little amp up - do not get she yard time this morning . mink be not my bitch . she 's a specialist ... in bank . int . oklahoma women' prison - waiting room - day the rest of the squad , in uniform , wait in fold chair . a large inmate stare at they , while slowly mop the floor . all but Diane appear nervous . the inmate work she mop between diane's legs and stop . inmate # 1 thems some sweet skirt y' get there . diane well , thank you . they be actually uniform - we be cheerleader . inmate # 1 mmm-hmm ... y'sure be . as she move in closer , Kansas be let through a metal door . all jump up . Diane step politely over the mop handle that 's press between she leg . diane Excuse we . the squad join Kansas as they all hustle out the hallway . kansas same time tomorrow - we have a visit with we favorite " aunt . " dissolve to : int . oklahoma women' prison - visiting room - day pan down the visitor ' row . tough men sit across from even tougher female inmate . continue down to the squad , sweet and small in comparison - each sit across from a different inmate . Mrs. Hill walk behind the inmate , supervise . on kansas and mink mink robbin ' a bank be like pullin ' a trick . you gotta stay in control , know how far you will go for the dough and always put the rubber on yourself ... well , y'know what I mean . and you gotta do it the day after Christmas . kansas why ? mink bank never have a holiday pick up , so vault be full . besides , everyone 's at home eatin ' left-over and beatin' they kid . on diane and her inmate inmate # 1 .».. you be only seventeen ? shit , I be havin ' my third by th'time I 's you age . on cleo and her inmate # 4 cleo really ? you be cell mate with she ? oh my g-d , she be my hero ! do she tell you what letterman 's house be like ? on lucy and her inmate inmate # 2 y'gotta buy gat from " the terminator . " and tell he " itchy " send 'ya . lucy and " gat " be . inmate # 2 gun , cuty . lucy and you be call " itchy " because ... on hannah and her inmate inmate # 3 you listen to Carol , pussycat , a foot on both side - a- you bathtub nozzle - make you ride with the sister seem like nothin ' more - n- a piss shiver . Hannah frantically write down . dissolve to : int . apartment - bedroom - that night Jack be on he side of the bed , rub cream on Diane 's expose belly as he sing to it . Diane be write on she " from the beautiful mind ... " not pad , which rest above she big belly . jack ( talk to Diane 's belly ) .».. so although they dad say , " do not get out of the car until I get back with help , " they know the sheriff 's voice as he yell . " run to my voice - and do not look back . " the twin do as he say , but at the last second they turn around and see the escape mental patient , bounce they father 's head on the top of the car ! ( feel something ) ah ! they jump , Diane ! they jump ! diane that be gas , sweetie . jack oh ... what be you work on ? diane jus some girlie thing for the squad . music up : int . apartment - day " to do list " montage close on notepad . " from the beautiful mind of Diane " pan down to first item list : 1 ) buy ski mask and maternity underpant . as it 's cross off , we : dissolve through list to : int . sear - maternity department - day Diane watch as the squad model big white maternity underpant over they addidas sweat , with pillow and stuff animal in the belly portion . it 's like some bizarre fashion show . a stern old saleswoman approach . Diane point to cleo 's style , then hand the surprised saleswoman five ski mask . dissolve to : int . apartment - day the list as 2 ) buy gat from " the terminator " be cross off . ext . " the terminator " exterminator shop - day squad stand frozen look up at this cinder block shack . a bad , hand - painted sign on top have arnold schwarzenegger stand on a cockroach . end music kansas whoever get out alive -- have the authority to check in the crawl space . Diane walk to the counter and ring the bell . diane Kansas , you should never judge a book by its cover . hank wood enter ( greasy hair , dirty coverall , big rubber glove ) . he 's a chain - smoker and reek of insecticide . the squad react . yeah ? diane ( sotto ) I guess there 's a exception to every rule . kansas you be the " terminator ? " hank you come in here to bust my ball ? I kill bug for a livin' . G -d already beat ya to it . he turn to exit . diane no ! wait ...um ... ( nervous , but smile ) we be the a-squad from lincoln High ? so , uh ... kansas we be tell you could " fix we up . " hank ( eyeing suspiciously ) really ... lucy yeah . " itchy " send we . hank she do , do she ? how be the old girl ? lucy definitely old . hank ( warming ) that 's itchy , alright . how many y'need ? diane well , we will each probably want one - so let 's make it five . five should do it . hank okay . how much ammo you reckon you will need ? diane ammo ? hank bullet . diane bullet ? no bullet ! oh my gosh , this be just to scare people . kinda like round - off , back handspring , whip back , double full . you never really use it - you just want the oppose squad to know you have get it . hank right. ( beat ) that will be fifteen hundred - cash . squad react ! cleo what ?! kansas you piece - a- shit bug zapper ! diane hey , hey , hey . c'mon you guy . ( to hank ) obviously that 's a little more than we budget will allow . basically , we be look for something around two-hundred dollar . hank oh , why do not you say . for two - hundred I get a nice rubber band and a real sharp nail in back ... I will gift wrap it for you . the deal be fifteen hundred . Cash . take it or leave it . hannah what kind of deal would you make if I say we be go to the police and tell they you be sell illegal gun ... to minor ! to girl minor ! hank ( big toothless grin ) I would just hafta kiiiiiill you . diane well , okay then . it be a pleasure meeting you . take care , let 's go you guy . squad quickly exit . they stop , hank hold on ! still face the door . lucy oh please , we have all get bright future ahead of we - we be not go to tell anyone . promise ! hank maybe we can make a deal . kansas look , we be not gonna trade sex for gun . unless cleo ... cleo hit she . hank my daughter 's always dream of bein ' a cheerleader . put she on you squad and I will give you the gun . diane you be kid . hank fern ! c'mere ! ( to squad ) she 's siphon tank - take a sec to cap off the cyanide hose . fern , all of 85 pound wet , enter wear big goggle , big rubber glove , boot and a breather which she remove and gasp for air . diane we will be right back . ext . " the terminator " exterminator shop - day the squad run out and get into Hannah 's station wagon . kansas ( 0.s. ) Holy shit ! that 's a poster child for " plann parenthood . " int . lamaze classroom - night close on slide of vagina . instructor ( 0.s. ) the vagina , form the lower portion of the birth canal , will normally expand its fold wall to allow for the birth process ... suddenly Diane and the squad walk across the screen . diane sorry , we have we first basketball game - go into overtime ... Excuse we . sorry . pull back to reveal : pregnant women on the floor , rest on pillow - husband kneel beside they . continue to pull back with the squad as they make they way to the back row . instructor ( annoyed ) May I continue , lady ? kansas sure . unless it 's hard for you to talk with that stick up you ass . a few couple laugh . piss , the instructor continue in the b.g. room start lamaze breathing . Diane join in . cleo be Jack upset that he can not be here ? diane ( La maze breathe ) hee-hee - haaaa - weee work it out . heee hee-haaa . smash CUT to : int . video barn - continuous close on Jack , kneel on the floor . behind he a monitor play a La maze instruction video . jack ( La maze breathe ) hee-hee -heee -haaaaa , hee -hee -hee -haaaa , doin ' good , sweetie ... ( look down ) hey-hey , let 's remember we focal point ! Jack raise a stuffed animal by he face . pull back to reveal one of the social retard , CHRIS , play the role of Diane - head on a pillow beside Jack , La maze breathe . CHRIS ( labor pain ) ahhhhh ! customer , include Lisa , stop and stare . jack c'mon , do not stop now . we be gonna make it , baby . lisa what a sad waste of a man . CUT back to : int . LA maze classroom - continuous squad reach a open space at the back of the room . Diane get down on she pillow - squad surround she . room start LA maze breathing exercise . Lucy take out a piece of paper which she set on Diane 's belly for all to see . lucy ( whisper , point ) okay , even with all we savings , it 's still only six hundred fifty - four . diane ( mid-breath exercise ) hee-hee -hee , haaaaa - that 's it ? hee -hee hee ... kansas do not make I Jerry Lewis you guy for the rest . hannah hey , I even take my parent ' foster kid money . phillipe 's gonna have to gather rice without pants this month . lucy look , you guy , three strike we be out . let 's face it . it 's time to abort ! a couple look over - aghast . Kansas glare back . kansas hey . eye on you own belly ! diane hee-hee -h- wait a minute . hold on , now . what do we do before a big game ? cleo use the bathroom , because the Port -a potty on the field be gross . diane my fault - what do we do that enable we to be as great as we be ? cleo I personally think of how conan start as a writer , then become a ... lucy ( jump in ) -- we practice ! sorry , cleo. diane that 's right . practice make perfect . I be practice to have a baby right now . if we do a practice job , we will not only get the experience , but also the extra money we need for gun ! squad quietly ad - lib they agreement . diane ( cont 'd ) I have get the perfect job - and I have gotta pee - help I up ! music up : dissolve to : int . lincoln high - hallway - day a smiling older woman with a " volunteer " button sit at a table with a " lunch ticket : $ 1.50 " sign on it . lisa janusch approach and hand she some money . the older woman start to slowly count off ticket from a roll . impatient , Lisa grab the roll , rip off some ticket , toss the roll on the table and storm off . the older woman unlocks the metal BOX ( key around she neck ) , put the money in , then shut it . Diane enter frame and give she money . the older woman count off ticket , smile and give they to Diane who bend down to tie she shoe . the older woman unlocks the metal box to put the money in as kansas enter , fall to the ground and fake choking . cleo run up to Kansas - begging for help . the older woman hurry around the table to help as Hannah enter frame , take the open metal box and dump the content into Lucy 's winnie the pooh backpack as she walk quickly through frame . Hannah hand the box to Diane who shut it and put it back on the table . both exit in opposite direction as Kansas stop choking , get up and exit , follow by cleo , who first help the older woman to she foot and then exit . CUT to : int . lincoln high - science lab - day the squad sit around the open winnie the pooh backpack . a look of shock on they face . after a long beat ... end music lucy what the hell kind of food be they serve we that they can turn a profit on two hundred buck !? smash CUT to : ext . " the terminator " exterminator shop - day Front door open . squad exit with a large black trunk and fern . int . hannah's station wagon - day squad look miserable - fern smile from ear to ear . the squad slowly start to sniff , then turn toward fern . diane uh , fern ? fern ( monotone ) yeah ? diane no more fill tank before practice , okay ? fern " Kay . ext . hannah's station wagon we watch the wagon drive through lincoln . cleo ( 0.s. ) so , y'know , what be you , anorexic or bulimic ? fern ( 0.s. ) just skinny . cleo ( 0.s. ) do not make I hate you . ext . kansas ' house - old rambler style - day the station wagon pull into the crack driveway . the squad jump out and run around to the back of the car , pull out the large black trunk . kansas ( v.0 . ) you guy wanna hurry up ? my grandparent get back from dinner at four-thirty . int . kansas ' basement - moment later squad hurry down the open , unfinish stair , lug the trunk behind . it look like a studio apartment - a unique combination of she grandparent ' old ' 60 's furniture and high school memorabilia . cleo I can not believe you grandparent never come down here . kansas you have three heart attack and a half dozen stroke and tell I how much you wanna run up and down the stair . shit - I forget to pick up the cigarettes . squad form a circle around the trunk . diane ready ? she flip OPEN the latch . diane ( cont 'd ) ( with squad ) okay ! all help lift the lid . stun silence . kansas what the hell ? we see the trunk be fill with old gun piece . stock , barrel , flint lock , rusty triggers , etc . nothing seem to go together . all talk at once . diane oh no ... kansas he Ikea would we . lucy okay . how many sign do we need ? we be not suppose to do this ... hannah maybe Lucy 's right . maybe this be a sign . kansas screw Lucy ! grandmother ( 0.s. ) Kansas ? footstep SOUND at the top of the stairwell . squad quickly shut the trunk and sit on it . grandmother ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) be that you down there ? kansas shit ! ( call up ) yeah , grandma . I and the squad . grandmother ( 0.s. ) be you girl talk about boy ? practice kissing you hand ? kansas oh yeah , you catch we ... two old legs with sup - hose and orthopedic shoe step down on the top step . squad panic . tries to quietly hide the trunk . grandmother ( 0.s. ) oh well , then I will put some cookie at the top of the stair for you gal . kansas thanks ! that would be great . Old leg start back upstair . Girls relax . leg stop , turn and head back down . squad spring into action again . grandmother ( 0.s. ) you get that big retarded girl down there ? kansas uh ... yeah , grandma . ( to Hannah ) she do not mean that . kinda lose the old filter with she last stroke . grandmother ( 0.s. ) then I will throw a few more treat on the plate . where 's my smoke ? kansas I will get they before " touched by a angel , " do not worry . grandmother ( 0.s. ) you damn well better ... legs disappear . squad relax . cleo ( loud whisper ) this be great . what do we do ? threaten people with a trunk full of part ? fern I be sorry , you guy . but when you be dealin' with South american rebel , you kinda gotta take what you can get . squad ad - lib they frustration . diane Excuse I , but do you guy know what I do not see here ? squad ad- lib " no . uh-uh . what ? " etc ... diane ( cont 'd ) I do not see a problem . I see a great big craft project sit right in front of we . so , Kansas , get I some glue , tape and a nail file ... the squad look at each other as Diane roll up she sleeve and reach into the trunk . diane ( cont 'd ) oh , and some lysol if you have ... music up dissolve to : int . apartment - night the list 3 ) " rehearse robbery " be crossed off dissolve through list to : int . apartment - night squad , set up for a girl party , be make a large hallway poster ( " go mighty log ! " ) in the middle of sleep bag . they be laugh and have fun as Jack , in video barn uniform , enter from the bedroom , kiss Diane on the head , wave good - bye to the squad and leave . all freeze fora beat , then quickly turn over the poster , revealing a detailed layout of the safeway / bank branch . cleo open she overnight bag and pull out five modified doll - she CUT out they school picture and tape they over the doll ' face . all place there doll in starting position . cleo then pull out a conan doll ( conan 's face over a shirtless g.i. Joe ) who sweep " she " off she foot and take she in freeze food . Kansas grab the conan doll , run into the kitchen and shove he head first down the garbage disposal . dissolve to : int . apartment - day the list 4 ) " teach farm cheer " be crossed off . dissolve through list to : int . lincoln high - gymnasium - day on far left squad member do a short cheer sequence . on far right fern do she version . unfortunately she lack rhythm , coordination and any amount of sex appeal . dissolve to : int . apartment - day the list Diane re-write " teach fern cheer " then cross off : 5 ) " buy baby shower invitation and cigarettes for felon . " dissolve through list to : int . lincoln drug store - day Diane and squad stand at the check - out . Diane place shower invitation on the counter . the older saleswoman smile warmly and touch Diane 's belly . Diane smile , then point to the carton of cigarettes behind the counter . the woman frown . Diane smile , point again and hold up ten finger . dissolve to : close on log mascot head bruce ( muffle through head ) please join we " a " and " B " squad cheerleader in a salute to winter sport ! pull back to reveal we're : int . lincoln high - gymnasium - day it 's decorate for christmas . fightin ' log mascot now wear a Santa hat and red scarf . a jazz band on stage beside he start up . with a voice like jim neighbor , Bruce tip the mascot head back and launch into the follow to the tune of " rudolph the red-nose reindeer . " bruce ( sing slow intro ) " i....see ... girl swim ... " a humiliated b-squad member - in swimsuit - enter a side door and pretend to swim to CENTER court . bruce ( cont 'd ) " boy swim ... " another b-squad member - dress as a guy in a swimsuit - " swim " to CENTER court . bruce ( cont 'd ) " ooooh , they look chilllyyyyy ... " squad member pantomime this to the jeer from the crowd . bruce ( cont 'd ) " volleyball for she ... " b-squad member - in volleyball uniform - enter and spike a ball . it get away from she and she have to chase it . crowd cheer again . bruce ( cont 'd ) ext . extermination van - continuous side door slide OPEN . one by one , the squad , dress as pregnant betty - mask on , matching jacket and each hold a BOX for long stem rose - jump out . new angle as the motion slow and , like a shot out of " tombstone , " the line of pregnant betty disappear around the corner - coat blow in the wind . angle on back door entrance . cleo grab the door handle - and it come off . kansas ( panting ) who be you - the goddamn bionic woman ?! cleo I just pull and it - it come off . kansas this be great - great ! now we have to enter the front door ! cleo ( take off she mask to breath ) look , it 's really not my fault . Kansas jump at she , pull she mask back down . kansas hey ! rule number one - never take off the mask ! y'hear I ! no matter what happen , never take off the mask ! cleo sorry , Kansas ... kansas ( out of she mind ) no - gah - buh - no ! rule number two - no name ! no goddamn name , you retard ! cleo oh for chrissake ... ( with emphasis ) " White trash Betty . " ( back to normal ) I do not realize the rule go into effect before we enter safeway . kansas ( push she for emphasis ) well , use you head , " stalker Betty . " diane betty , stop it ! " the best squad be one that hope for the best and prepare for the worst . " National High School cheerlead Association letterhead . now , let 's give a hand in ... all form a circle , put they right hand in . diane ( cont 'd ) we be ready . we be prepare . and this be go to be the best bank robbery ever , because ... diane & squad ( loud whisper ) cheer - leader kick ... all swing arm overhead and smack the " ass " of the girl to they right . music up they start back around the corner . suddenly someone dress as a pregnant nixon turn the corner - all scream ! music under nixon ( it 's lucy ) shh ! it 's I . diane Lucy ? kansas what the hell do you want ? lucy I want to help . I be part of this squad ... hannah ( nerve build to rage ) oh no ! you commit the ultimate sin - you leave we squad to be with a guy . and - and that guy be the Devil himself - " cause only the Devil would turn you against you sister ! all stare at she ... then start to laugh . diane ( arm around Hannah ) Hannah , you really have to stop take that church stuff so literally . smash CUT to : ext . safeway entrance - day angle on line walk in slow motion , this time with the pregnant nixon on the end . angle behind squad as they stop at the MAIN entrance . in unison the squad tuck they box tight under they right arm , then take a step forward - automatic door OPEN and they enter . int . safeway - continuous muzak plays . squad step off the black electronic meet , then stop . customer fall silent . it 's a sight to behold . only muzak continue . Kansas hold up a hand and count off one , two , three finger . all pull the red ribbon off they rise box with one hand - smoothly grab the gun they have glue and tape together with the other - as they move into they next position ( Kansas and Hannah take point as Diane , cleo , Lucy and fern move into the bank branch ) . cleo fumble with she box , drop she gun . the barrel fall off , clanking as it roll away from she . Nixon help she stick it back together . kansas ( deep , strong guy voice ) okay , down on the ground ! now ! some patron drop to the ground . other stand frozen . they be confuse . just the bank or everyone ? kansas ( cont 'd ) I say down ! a safeway cashier ( " witness " from open ) in front of they , stand tremble . safeway cashier uh , y-y- y - you robbin ' the safeway , or the bank ? kansas bank ! safeway cashier s-s-so y'want everyone down ? o- or just the people at the b-b-bank branch ? they never think about that ... kansas all of you ! hannah ( same time ) Bank branch ! people start to get down who be up , other get up who be down . Kansas and Hannah look at each other a beat , then : kansas Bank branch ! hannah ( same time ) all of you ! people start to murmur and , once again , reverse they position . Kansas and Hannah move together for a brief conference . security camera Pov Lucy and cleo stand under it , shoulder to shoulder , inner hand join , look up . fern run in frame and jump onto she hand . they pop she up to they shoulder make a stand pyramid . fern pull out spray paint and spray over the security camera lens . on kansas and hannah conference end . they return to point position . kansas Bank branch only ! everyone else - go on about you business ! everyone near the bank start to get down . unable to " go about they business " with a robbery in progress , safeway customer just stare . after a uncomfortable beat . kansas ( cont 'd ) shit - everybody down ! music up : loud rockin ' version of muzak everyone go ass -up . Kansas and Hannah nod with they success , then shoulder they gun . on lisa as she slowly get on the floor - watch Lucy , cleo and fern spray painting the security camera . lisa' Pov as Lucy , cleo and fern do a half -swan dismount from the pyramid . on lisa as this stunt register across she face - it 's a illegal dismount ! she start to count betty ... on diane in the bank branch , move like a shark - never stop - know exactly where everything be . on lucy , cleo and fern as they run across to the other security camera . they pass Lisa , stare up at they . cleo step on she ass as she cross over . lisa' Pov as she hit the ground - notice a pompon string stick in fern 's boot . Lisa reach out - got it ! on lisa as she pull it in , under she body - evidence ! on diane safe be OPEN . cleo and fern join she , take the money bag . they open they as Diane turn around with she first arm -load of cash . ( Lucy move to she next position at the front door . ) factory worker ( 0.s. ) this here 's bullshit ! that 's what this be ! all turn and freeze . music under . fern shit . diane ( whisper ) I be fine here - go help ! angle on factory worker ( " Witness " from open ) wear a " lincoln , local 186 " cap . he walk up the cereal aisle . factory worker not gonna let some piece - a-shit Betty doll tell I what to do ... on kansas and hannah they turn to each other - shit ! on factory worker as he continue toward they - reaching into he boot and pulling out a knife . factory worker ( cont 'd ) no-sireee-bob ... on kansas and hannah oh shit -oh-shit ! cleo and fern join they . kansas freeze or meet Jesus , ass-hole ! Kansas shoulder she gun . the barrel start to droop , the glue be not hold . she quickly reach out to straighten it . on factory worker he stop , dead in he track . factory worker do not we never take the Lord 's son 's name in vain around this part of the U - S a ! he drop he 6 - pack and start to run at they ! factory worker ( cont 'd ) ahhhhhhhh ! on the girl they be freaking out . on customer brace for the worst . on factory worker yell and run . suddenly , the SOUND of ten round in two second break the tension . motion slow as he hat explode off he head . his face register absolute surprise as he fall back on he ass . on the girl Hannah stand freeze , gun still at she shoulder , breathe hard . all turn - she just shot a guy ! on factory worker spread eagle in the middle of the demolish aisle . cereal trickle down from puncture box on the shelf . suddenly , he start to move and slowly sit up . daze and confuse , only a piece of he union cap remain on he head ... on the girl they breathe a sigh of relief ! fern approach Hannah . fern ( sotto ) uh , I forget to tell you sometimes when the rebel take the gun off a corpse , some live round get leave in the drum . hannah ( complete shock ) good to know , fern . good to know . music up . on diane shove cash in the last money bag as cleo and fern return , grab the other full bag and go ! Diane 's about to close she bag when sniff ... sniff ... sniff - she turn toward the fish department , put the bag over her mouth and go down to puke . beat . she stand , pull she mask back down , tie the bag and follow the other . angle on squad as they run out together . fern watch the rear . Diane see snicker near the door . she 's tear - this be one tough craving ! Kansas motion for she to " c'mon , run ! " but Diane can not . she go back for a snicker . she suddenly stop , dig in she pocket and toss a bill to the cashier . fade out music . dip to black . optional robbery page : on factory worker yell and run . suddenly , the SOUND of ten round in two second break the tension . motion slow as he hat explode off he head . his face register absolute surprise as he fall back on he ass . on the girl Hannah stand freeze , gun still at she shoulder , breathe hard . all turn - she just shot a guy ! on factory worker spread eagle in the middle of the demolish aisle . cereal trickle down from puncture box on the shelf . suddenly , he start to move and slowly sit up . daze and confuse , only a piece of he union cap remain on he head ... on the girl they breathe a sigh of relief ! hannah ( complete shock ) I feel like freakin' David and goliath . music up . on diane shove cash in the last money bag as cleo and fern return , grab the other full bag and go ! Diane 's about to close she bag when sniff ... sniff ... sniff - she turn toward the fish department , put the bag over her mouth and go down to puke . beat . she stand , pull she mask back down , tie the bag and follow the other . angle on squad as they run out together . fern watch the rear . Diane see snicker near the door . she 's tear - this be one tough craving ! Kansas motion for she to " c'mon , run ! " but Diane can not . she go back for a snicker . she suddenly stop , dig in she pocket and toss a bill to the cashier . fade out music . dip to black . fade in : on tv screen - news camera Pov ext . safeway - day a animated Lisa talk to a male reporter . in the b.g. the place buzze with police , paramedics and crime scene tech . " live " flash across the bottom of the screen . lisa ( ranting ) ... I be walk evidence ! one of they stop my ass ! ( turn ass to camera ) can you get a shot of it !? ( call to tech ) hey , can someone dust my ass for print over here ?! the male reporter wave two paramedics over - signal " crazy " and point to Lisa . lisa ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) I immediately start help local police with they investigation . lisa ( cont 'd ) oh , wait - I almost forget ! i- I find this !!! she pull out the pompon string ( from fern 's boot ) and hand it up proudly as two paramedics take she arm and try to lead she away . Lisa struggle to show she pompon string to camera . in extreme f.g. - a twenty dollar bill float past pull back to reveal we be watch a tv . more money float past in front of the screen . continue to pull back to reveal we're : int . kansas ' basement - hour after robbery Diane , cleo , Hannah and Lucy be laugh , throw and roll around in the money as the tv continue to play " live " from the scene . they be all in they undy ( find out why in a second ) - money stuff everywhere . Diane go back to hang freshly wash bill ( from the barf bag ) to dry . cleo can you guy believe this ? we be like celebrity ! lucy better enjoy it now . ' Cause tomorrow some little kid fall down a well and we be nothing but a distant memory . Kansas enter from a back room . kansas disguise incinerate ! squad cheer and throw money at she . kansas ( cont 'd ) bad news , Di , there 's one thing we just could not fit in the furnace ... angle on fern push a double crib . it 's fill with baby item , stuff animal , etc . diane oh my G -d ! a real crib ! you guy - thank you ! can you believe we do it !? ( reality hit ) I mean , we do it . we really did it ! squad cheer and start to throw money around again . lisa ( v.0o . ) I guess no one could have predict the shit-storm that be about to hit . the only thing people care about , think about or talk about be the robbery . everyone have a theory . ext . safeway - same day news camera Pov safeway cashier talk into a " action News ' 98 " mic . safeway cashier ... well , judge by the way the robber practically fly up to spray paint security camera , I think it be a asian gang . as a people , they tend to be quite tiny and very acrobatic ... lisa ( v.0o . ) that 's all it take , then the next thing you know ... smash CUT to : ext . " dim - sum charlie be " chinese restaurant - night s.w.a.t. member surround this americanize chinese restaurant - machine gun at the ready . suddenly , a small frighten asian man walk out , hand in the air . lisa ( v.0o . ) ... dim - sum Charlie 's be haul in for question ... int . safeway - bank branch - next day news camera Pov bank branch worker talk into a " Channel 5 " mic . bank branch worker I think it be five pregnant woman , mmm hmmm . my wife and I have two baby of we own and there 's no accounting for the thing they will do when they be in that " condition . " one night my wife come home from work and she just kick I in the ball . to this day , I do not know what come over she - just kick I in the ball . int . LA maze classroom - night a police officer stand beside a police sketch of a pregnant betty . lisa ( v.0o . ) from there , the town just seem to go ape-shit ... pregnant women yell and point at another pregnant woman they have cornere . unfortunately she look just like a wendy doll . her husband try unsuccessfully to prevent two officer from take she away . the squad sit quietly - horrify by this witch hunt . ext . factory - day news camera Pov Factory Worker talk into a " ABC " mic . lisa ( v.0o . ) News of this do not stop at the border of lincoln County . this thing spread faster than a canker sore on the girl ' swim team . someone in lincoln would say something like ... factory worker it be a bunch of faggot ! sure - as ( beep ) . they be dress like a bunch of freakin ' Wendy doll , for chrissake . they have faggoty little voice . ( remove char cap ) and only a buncha g-d - ( beep ) queer would shoot up a union cap ! lisa ( v.0o . ) all of a sudden ... dissolve to : int . jerry springer set - day jerry springer talk into camera from the audience . lisa ( v.0o . ) it 's on jerry-fuckin' - springer ! jerry springer ... today , we will meet a grow number of transvestite who do not just like to dress up as woman , they like to dress as pregnant woman . when we return , " transvestites with a twist . " on stage two tough - looking men , dress as pregnant woman , stare out at the audience . lisa ( v.0o . ) ( alternate line ) I be not talk " maury " or " leeza . " this thing be definitely huge ! ext . neighborhood street - day a police car with two officer cruise a neighborhood street . they pass donut back and forth to each other . through they windscreen , we see two SMALL child wearing wendy mask play " cop and robber . " robin quiver ( v.o. ) in other news ...oh , do you hear about the six - armed Betty doll that rob a bank the other day ? howard stern ( v.o. ) oh man , that 's so my fantasy - life size betty tellin ' I what to do . " get down on the ground , you filthy man . " yes , giant Betty . " Bend over ! " yes , mistress Betty . robin quiver ( v.o. ) they be pregnant . howard stern ( v.o. ) what ?! knocked - up betty ?! could not - a be Ken , he schlong be mold to he body . hey , at the police line - up , they should just see whose knee can bend the wrong way ... int . " entertainment tonight " set - day bob goen sit at the anchor desk . bob goen ... when we come back , a behind the scene look at Fox 's week long series " when betty attack . " tv static dissolve to : int . espn set - night dan patrick sit behind the desk . dan patrick tonight in St. Louis , bottom of the ninth ... game footage of the following : dan patrick ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) ramirez with the pitch ... mcgwire go ... follow ball ... dan patrick ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) mcgwire go yard for the forty - second time this season ... angle on stand fan , dress as pregnant betty ( mask , jacket , etc. ) , reach up for the ball . one catch it , hold it up and wave to the crowd . dan patrick ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) .. vight into a wait pack of pregnant betty . int . espn set - continuous dan patrick do I say that right ? a " pack " of betty ? it might be a " gaggle " of betty ... tv static dissolve to : ext . " south park " - animation footage establishing shot of town sfx : a kid party int . kenny' basement - day a costume party be in full " swing . " guy ( not in costume ) on one side , girl ( in costume ) on the other . kenny ( mumble , point 0o.c . ) what the hell ?! the group of guy turn to see cartman , dress as a pregnant betty - machine gun in hand , approach . kyle what the hell be you s'pose to be ? cartman I be a bank -robbin ' Betty . stan you be not a bank -robbin ' Betty - you be a fat fuck in drag ... cartman I be not a fat fuck in drag !!! cartman open fire , killing kenny . tv static dissolve to : int . " late night with conan o'brien " set - night conan and Andy sit at a desk . conan talk to camera . lisa ( v.0o . ) then it happen - the moment I would be wait for ! we dip -shit in blue finally follow up on my evidence ... conan ... they now believe a group of young woman be responsible for the Betty Bank robbery . ( to Andy ) I have say for year the Betty doll be a bad influence on young girl . andy you sure have ... can not shut you up about you betty . conan ( laugh ) that 's right . now , I mean I be no authority on young girl . ( mugging to camera ) or be I ? ( to Andy , laugh ) that be kinda creepy . andy do you have to notify police if you move ? split -screen int . diane's bedroom - day with int . kansas ' bedroom - day on left Diane on phone with : on right Kansas on the phone . kansas it be Lucy ! Lucy go to the cop ! diane remember , Kansas , every time you point a finger you have get three more point back at you . kansas she 's be the weak tit on this mama cat since the beginning . sfx : call waiting beep kansas ( cont 'd ) that you ? diane yeah , hold on . kansas just call I later . I gotta get some smoke for grandma . diane do not use big bill ! kansas for a pack of cig ? I use she food stamp . Diane press she receiver and slide screen right ( pushing kansas off ) as Hannah , on the phone , fill in on the left . split screen int . diane's bedroom - continuous with int . hannah's live room - continuous diane hello ? hannah ( freaking out ) we be dead ! they show this prison movie to my youth group on Sunday . diane Hannah , we have ... hannah it be not like the prison we see - all this woman have to shave they head because they get lice from the filthy life they would live ! oh g-d , I be gonna be someone 's bald bitch ! sfx : call waiting beep diane ooops , hold on a sec . Hannah continue to rant as Diane presses she receiver and slide screen left ( pushing the ranting Hannah off ) as Lucy on phone , slide on , screen right . split screen int . diane's bedroom - continuous with int . lucy bedroom - continuous lucy Di , it 's luce . Kansas just call and say she 's go to " fuck I up ! " then I hear cough , a thud and Kansas have to go . I think she grandma have another heart attack . anyway , why do she want to " fuck I up ? " diane she think you go to the police . lucy what ?! that 's insane !!! why would I go to the police ? sfx : call waiting beep diane I have get to get that . relax . I will see you tomorrow . split screen int . diane's bedroom - continuous with int . hannah's live room - continuous a exasperate Diane press she receiver again and slide screen right , pushing lucy out as Hannah - still ranting - come back in screen left . hannah .».my Sunday School teacher say that in prison , woman shove broom stick up you ... diane hold on ... Diane press she receiver again and slide screen left , pushing hannah out , dim sum charlie , on prison phone - slide on , screen right . split screen int . diane's bedroom - continuous with int . jail pay phone - continuous diane yeah ? dim sum charlie ( scream in chinese ) oh thank buddha it 's you , Kim - lo , I be be hold against my will , my civil rights have be violate and it take four day to make this one phone call ... diane hello ? dim sum charlie Kim -lo ? diane no. this be Diane . I think you have the wrong number . sfx : call waiting beep diane ( cont 'd ) ooops , that 's I -- gotta run ! dim sum charlie ( about to kill himself ) wrong number nooooooo ! Diane press she receiver again and slide screen right , pushing dim sum charlie off , as cleo , on phone , slide on , screen left . split screen int . diane's bedroom - continuous with int . cleo' bedroom - continuous diane hello ? cleo Di ? I just call to say that conan talk about we again last night . diane ( first smile in a while ) thanks , cleo . see you tomorrow . cleo bye . Diane and cleo hang up . split screen drop down . Hannah , still ranting , drop in - full frame . int . hannah's live room - continuous hannah ..and a " bitch slap . " I bet that really hurt ! dissolve to : int . apartment - bathroom - day close on foggy mirror . a hand wipe it clear , revealing Diane ( same as open ) . diane ( still perky ) Morning , sunshine . remember , except for the morning sickness , blind back pain and embarrassingly unpredictable gas - this be the best day of you life . she start to exit , then return . diane ( cont 'd ) so far . she buck her chin , attempt a smile and start to exit . diane ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) hey , hey , hey , not so fast ... Diane return to the mirror . diane ( cont 'd ) follow you dream be not a crime . nobody suspect you . nobody have a clue . music up also cue : chant and cheer int . lincoln high - hallway - day motion slow as squad , in uniform , walk toward camera in a line across the hall . they confident face quickly turn to worry . angle on student , quickly move out of they way . int . lincoln high - lunch room - day squad ( still in uniform ) sit self - consciously at a table , no one around they . widen to reveal student be crush at the opposite side of the lunchroom . Lisa and the b-squad approach . lisa hey guy . someone not take a shower today ? the b-squad smile and chuckle at this . kansas hey Lisa , do you run into carmen electra last summer ? lisa no kansas oh . ' Cause be look like you get some of she tit in you ... a-squad can not help but laugh . Lisa angrily hand Diane a letter . lisa this just come from the National High School cheerlead Association . you might want to look it over before you try any more " cradle dismount from double base partner stunt that be over shoulder stand level without use three catcher . " oh , or before you think about robbing another bank . squad freeze with this word . suddenly , the lunchroom be flooded with s.w.a.t. member . it 's pandemonium . dissolve to : int . police station - interrogation room - day we be back with Lisa and the FBI agent . Lisa have draw moustach , beard , black - out tooth , etc. on the a-squad mug shot . lisa ... and that 's why I come forward . I mean , even the kid on the short bus can see that all the evidence point to Diane and the a-squad . FBI agent sure do . you testimony will prove invaluable . lisa unfortunately , it be not they . dissolve to : int . apartment - day the list " get alibi " be crossed off . lisa ( v.0o . ) they be all wait in my suburban while I run into the safeway that day for cash ... dissolve through list to : int . lincoln high - gymnasium - day music up Lisa , now the a-squad Captain , be lead a cheer . lisa ( v.0o . ) we be on we way to practice . now , I really need to get go , ' cause nobody ever get ahead by sit on they behind ... she 's competent , not great . squad , include fern , be thrilled to be cheer . Diane , very pregnant , smile and wave from the stand . end music dip to black . music up over end credit photo : close on a smile Hannah . super : hannah used her money to start a SMALL business . pull back to reveal she 's sit on a horse beside a sign : " wold riding school . " super : the most successful riding school in the state . photo : close on a glamorous fern super : fern grew into her look . pull back to reveal fern be wear camouflage and pose with a large semi-automatic on the cover of " soldier of fortune " magazine . headline read : " High -paid woman assassin - can they have it all ? " super : and used her money to TRAVEL the world . photo : close on a judge who appear to be read a verdict . pull back to reveal Kansas and mrs . hill anxiously await he verdict . super : kansas used her money to hire a attorney who found a old pioneer law still on the book in lincoln county . super : if a woman be in labor for longer than 18 - hour - she can't be held responsible for her action ... mrs. hill be in labor for 32 - hour . she be released immediately . photo : Lucy , in graduation cap and gown , wave from a auditorium stage at harvard . super : lucy used her money to go to harvard . she graduate with a degree in quantum physics . photo : close on pizza deliver box . super : while studying late one night , she have a idea for a pizza delivery BOX that would actually keep the pizza hot . dissolve to : photo : aerial view of a lush tropical island . super : she now owns the island of guana , b.v.i. int . conan o'brien show - night photo : close on cleo 's smile face . super : cleo used her money to move to hollywood . photo pull back to reveal she 's wear a rip dress - " new " boob burst out . super : where she met the producer of scream VIII ... photo pull back to reveal it 's a movie poster for scream VIII killer be behind she , hold knife and wear betty mask . super : they be last see buying leather furniture in soho . photo continue pulling back to reveal she 's on " the late show with conan o'brien . " conan o'brien be hold the poster between they . she 's laugh at something he 's say . super : she got good review and her life - long dream finally come true . ext . politica rally stage - day photo : close on a smile Jack and Diane - look more mature and more in love . super : jack and diane did not use there money to buy birth control . photo pull back to reveal they be surround by four beautiful child - twins be five , other be three and two . Diane hold the youngest . super : after the twins - lil ' debbie and trix - be born , jack political advisor start he senatorial campaign . photo continue to pull back to reveal the video retard ( now in suit ) on either side of Jack and Diane . super : they won . photo pan up to reveal large banner : " congratulation Senator bartlett " hang above they . dissolve to : int . school auditorium - day photo : close on Diane , smile from ear to ear . super : diane kept busy raising the kide and running the " diane bartlett unwed mother scholarship fund for cheerleader . " .. . pull back to reveal she 's on a auditorium stage , hand a large check to a very pregnant cheerleader . super : so no cheerleader would ever have to rob a bank . again . ext . wedding - day photo : close on Lisa smile in a wedding gown . super : and lisa ... photo widen to reveal bruce be her GROOM . super : she be wrong about bruce . fade to black . the end