god of egypt by Matt sazama & burk sharpless wga register 1/20/12 over black : we hear the voice of thoth . a voice that know all thing : thoth 's voice listen , if thou wouldst be wise . weigh my word and hear they truth -- though I have cease be surprised by the inability of some to listen when wisdom speak . the rising SUN crest the peak of a pyramid . not a ancient ruin . it 's brand new , smooth as glass . thoth 's voice Egypt be not always as you know it now , dry and unforgive . pull back to reveal tower forest that stretch to the horizon . the air be lush with the breath of life . this Egypt be edenic , primordial -- with no sand to be see . thoth 's voice before history begin , Egypt be a paradise worthy of the god who create it . so the god decide to live there themselves amongst they other , lesser creation ... Men . the pyramid be just a small part of a glitter palace complex . thoth 's voice Egypt be divide between two mighty brother ... ext . great palace on the nile - day what look like a handsome man walk along the shore of the nile river , its surface sparkling in the sun . he be osiris the God of nature and life. 40s . ( the age of god be how old they appear -- many be ancient . ) he wear a simple crown . his immense power bely by a gentle , open demeanor . thoth 's voice the god osiris have dominion over the land make bountiful by the Nile . the power of its water flow through he . and so he could make life . ( continued ) continued : lotus flowers magically bloom as osiris pass , sprout from he footprint on the silty shore in a ribbon of life . ext . red desert - day desert the color of blood lurk beyond the lush green land . here stand another pyramid , make entirely of sand ... its surface in constant motion ... hold together by magic . thoth 's voice osiris 's brother set rule the far Desert , where nothing can grow . he draw vast power from the fire that burn at the center of the world . int . temple of set - day set stands over a fiery pit in the earth , draw sustenance from its molten depth . 40s . the God of the Desert . physically powerful , yet cun . thoth 's voice but despite he power , set be eternally jealous of he brother ... because osiris could give life -- and he could not . set be join by a fearsome cabal of god and men ... thoth 's voice his jealousy corrupt he . bless with great cleverness , set sow confusion in other . bless with great strength , he exploit they weakness . ( beat ) and so the wick be draw to set . ext . village - day villager watch osiris expectantly ... as he plant seed and water they ... vibrant grain seedling magically sprout ... thoth 's voice osiris share he gift with Men , teach they to plant and harvest . to make law and live in peace . in return , Men love they king . thankful villager bow before osiris . a sudden wind blow ... ( continued ) continued : horus 30 , bronze skin , he form and feature be perfection . he enter boldly with a slain lion drape over he shoulder , the spoil of he hunt ... clutching a jug of wine in he other hand . he lead a rowdy band of god in celebration ... thoth 's voice osiris have a son , horus , who be Lord of the air. ( beat ) osiris wish he son would rule at he side ... horus , full of wine , inadvertently trample the seedling he father plant . thoth 's voice ..- but like the wind , horus be restless and volatile . on osiris . disappointment . he kneel to restore the seedling he son crush without even notice ... ext . osiris 's garden - night osiris walk in he garden , enjoy the night with he wife , the Queen : isis 40s . she radiate power , commanding respect , a goddess above all other goddess . uncompromising in all thing -- especially she unyield love for she husband . thoth 's voice after eon of enmity , set visit he brother . a strange and disturbing beast dart from tree to tree behind osiris ... it 's like a jackal -- but bigger . a curve snout fill with fang , square ear , fork tail , and canine body . behind osiris , the beast transform into set . his knife flash in the darkness ... thoth 's voice if set could not give life , he would take it . set stab osiris in the back . isis wail as osiris die in she arm . ( continued ) continued : set place the crown on he head as he conspirator surround osiris 's body ... thoth 's voice that night , set cut osiris 's body into fourteen piece . the heart be never find . blood red banner be raise high ... they depict a stylize profile of the beast with a long snout and tall ear . the symbol of set . the god of osiris 's court huddle , cow in terror . thoth 's voice god bow to set or fle . Men worshipped he or be enslave . over the sound of isis 's lamentation , we push in on the banner of set ... until red fill the frame . ext . tomb of osiris horus kneel at he father 's sarcophagus , grieve ... the sound of he mother 's sorrow still linger , ever-present ... thoth 's voice horus do not know how much he love he father until it be too late . ext . a lonely mountaintop - day the sound of isis 's cry become the whistling wind ... thoth 's voice year pass . horus 's hand grip a banner of set ... thoth 's voice that that love osiris pray for he son to return . his hand release the banner ... the wind suck it away ... toward a distant mountain peak ... the cloth get smaller and smaller until it 's just a red speck ... thoth 's voice they think horus would save they . they think he would be a wise and just king , like he father . ( continued ) continued : backlit against the sun , horus pull a spear from a line of spear stick upright in the ground . his eye flare , unnaturally bright . like twin star , burn as they aim ... thoth 's voice but horus 's eye -- eye that can see everything -- have be focus on only one thing . horus 's muscle arm cock back and hurl the spear ... the force part the air in a sonic boom -- thoth 's voice Vengeance . we follow the spear ... like a missile , it sail for mile . a blur over forest landscape -- pinning the banner of set to_a far cliff . bulls-eye . on horus . we finally see he face . there be no satisfaction from the feat , only relentless concentration . horus reach for another spear -- surprisingly grab only AIR ... wepwawet it would be good day to kill he , would not it ? very poetic ... wepwawet twirl the spear -- swipe from under horus 's nose . the God of stealth and horus 's fiercely loyal friend and mentor . late 30 , gray-haire . squat as a barrel yet quick as a shadow . wepwawet I hear set 's celebrate the anniversary of you father 's death with a big festival ... Music , dance . a grand time . on horus . it 's no secret . horus snatch back he spear ... horus I be ready . wepwawet you think so ? horus if I be not , you have be waste the last ten year . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) wepwawet ( off the spear ) I teach you to throw it straight enough . ( prodding ) and every time you do , I suppose you picture set cut up you father 's body while he force you mother to watch . horus 's anger flare . why be wepwawet provoking horus ? wepwawet but of course you do not actually see it , do you ? you be not there at all . you be off wander the earth , be a child . when you father need a man . the foliage near horus burst into flame . we see when horus get angry , he body literally radiates heat . horus you know I love he . I should run you through ... wepwawet ( point at the far cliff ) too easy . hit the target instead . horus throws he spear again ... as he do so , he head change , for a split second , into that of a falcon -- his spear miss the banner he hit before . instead , it shear off the side of the far cliff , cause a avalanche . a beat of silence between they . it 's clear what the lesson be . even if the student do not want to accept it . wepwawet if you fight set in anger , you will lose . horus the anger will never leave . and I can not wait that long . wepwawet slap horus on the back , try to lighten the mood . wepwawet let this day come and go . finally horus nod , agree ... ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) horus throws he last spear with all he might ... as if that could purge year of pent - up grief . up in the stratosphere the sonic boom create a powerful windstorm ... thoth 's voice but this be not just a story of horus 's quest for revenge -- the fate of all Egypt hang in the balance ... follow the wind across Egypt ... over field and forest ... thoth 's voice even the fate of overlook , unappreciate man. ( beat ) one in particular . not even I could have imagine he would help save the immortal land of the god ... CUT to : close on a young man , passionately kissing a young woman ... bek early 20 . wiry build . sharp good look . a devil- may - care glint in he eye . zaya also early 20 . she 's beautiful by any measure , with emerald green eye . steadfast in she belief . we be too close to see exactly where they be -- but they recline on luxurious pillow ... bek playfully show Zaya a bottle of perfume oil ... bek ( off the oil ) Real mendesian . she 's impressed . bek open the back of she dress , expose the skin . he knead the oil into tired muscle ... zaya yes ... Higher ... that 's it ... ( eye close , off the oil ) who do you steal it from ? ( continued ) continued : bek a outrageous suggestion . zaya how about the money to buy it ? bek ( shrug ) less outrageous . this be not a thing Zaya approve of , but she 's not judge . zaya in a different world you have find a honest trade , right ? bek in a different world , absolutely . on bek . but in this world , not a chance in hell . bek pull she on top of he ... she squeal , delighted , then cover she mouth . be she too loud ? we reveal bek and Zaya be in a richly appointed office . the pillow arrange in a makeshift bed on the floor ... we realize there 's something illicit go on here . bek you know we can not go on like this . it 's too dangerous for you . zaya ( kiss he ) it 's worth it . a gust of wind batter the blind . they both jump , startle . bek wind come out of nowhere ... zaya nothing in Egypt come from nowhere . ( beat ) it 's horus . he 's come to end all this . we see the view out the window : a multitude of man and woman toil ... slave . a vast , pitiful tableau of tear , sweat and blood . all to build ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) set 's great obelisk it blot out the sun . million of ton of rock cut and polished and assemble into a tower still under construction . we see the hand of the god in the uncanny height of the obelisk ... and giant scarab beetle , bigger than elephant , labor as great beast of burden . all six leg strain against they yoke to raise massive chunks of stone . high wall encircle the site . this place be a prison . a familiar sight to bek and Zaya , but they still hate it . bek sometimes wind be just wind . zaya ( gravely ) not today of all day -- the day set celebrate he murder of osiris . bek horus ... set ... I could not give a shit about either of they . Zaya 's learn to endure bek 's blasphemous provocation ... zaya I pity the man who believe in nothing . bek ( steal a kiss ) never say I believe in nothing . a bell ring out in the construction zone ... zaya urshu will be come back to take he meal . bek of what , child ? as Zaya straighten she dress , bek notice a SMALL figurine hang from a cord around she neck . a bright - blue ceramic representation of a man with a falcon 's head : horus . bek ( off the figurine ) I tell you to get rid of that . ( continued ) 10 . continued : ( 3 ) zaya ( indignant , hide it under she collar ) you tell I ? I be not you servant . bek I be here be dangerous enough . if you be catch , you will be out there in the slave pit . ( beat ) and on top of everything you carry around a amulet of horus ? a even more ferocious blast of wind knock open the blind . Architectural plan blow off the desk and around the room ... the SOUND of approaching footstep out in the hall ... zaya ( agitate , to bek ) go. I will finish . bek bound out the window with startling dexterity . he hang from the window ledge by he fingertip and peer in ... urshu stalk in with a entourage of overseer . he 's 30 , a former military hero , task by set to oversee construction of the obelisk . the most fear and envied man in Egypt . Zaya 's clean up ... this be urshu 's house ... and Zaya be urshu 's servant . urshu note he jumble desk ... urshu ( curt , to Zaya ) you do not control the wind . but I would think you could close a window . zaya I be sorry , my lord . urshu and why be my meal unprepare ? as Zaya leave , urshu grip she wrist . she grimace in pain . urshu if I ever find this room disorder again I will throw you outside to push stone . Zaya nod , terrify of urshu and exit ... ( continued ) ll. continued : ( 4 ) bek outside jump over to the next window , open into a hallway . he speak furtively with Zaya as she leave urshu 's office ... bek this be the last day you 'il be force to serve he . ( beat ) I be buy you from that bastard . zaya with what ? bek at the festival , there will be ton of tribute for the king . the idea be beyond comprehension to she . zaya you plan to rob a god ? in he palace ? set can kill you with a touch . bek he also have a lot of money . zaya you have never try anything like that before . bek you do not know what I have try . zaya ( grip she horus figurine ) have faith . bek dismissively wave away the wishful think . bek even if horus come and put a spear through set 's skull -- then what ? in Egypt you be either rich , poor ... ( off the slave outside ) +.. or nothing . Zaya do not have a response . it 's the hard truth . bek I choose rich . ( continued ) 12 . continued : ( 5 ) bek give Zaya a last kiss and leap off the window ledge . back in urshuns office as the overseer summarize the day 's progress ... urshu catch sight of a oddly bright dot on the floor ... he bend to touch it -- a drop of oil , reflect the sun . on urshu . sniff it . suspicious . urshu mendesian . ext . great obelisk - day bek exit urshu 's luxurious foreman 's pavilion ... snatch a untend jug of water to blend in with the other free men run errand to and from the front gate ... soldier of set monitor the site . uniform emblazon with set 's red symbol . bek see a line of new slave file through the gate in chain , fresh labor for the obelisk ... bek ( to himself ) always someone 's get more than you , but always someone 's get less ... bek hear cry of pain and the sizzle of burnt flesh . high priest of set stand before burn brazier . they mutter incantation . the flame turn a unnatural blood red . the Priests heat branding irons in the magical flame and brand the newcomer 's shoulder , mark they as slave . nearby , a desperate slave in the work zone be delirious with dehydration ... bek inadvertently catch he eye ... desperate slave ( off bek 's jug of water ) please . on bek . he do not want to get involved ... but he can not just leave the guy like this . bek surreptitiously roll the jug to the desperate slave ... a cruel overseer 's boot come down on the jug . he scan the crowd to see who send the water ... bek keep he head down . ( continued ) 13. continued : the desperate slave 's last bit of hope empty into the dust . he make a mad dash for the gate -- and accidentally collide with bek ... bek ( voice low to the slave ) do not . you bear set 's brand . you be curse now . the slave will not listen . he run wildly , passing the Gate -- bek you can not leave -- the burnt flesh of the slave 's brand spread across he body like a cancer . the dark magic turn the slave to dust . this be '' set 's curse . '' for the brand , there be no way out ... on bek . repulsed . but that 's the way of thing . he have other , more press concern ... guard ( wave bek through ) enjoy the festival . ext . heliopolis - day the capital of Egypt sit on the bank of the mighty nile . merchant ship crowd the river like a ancient superhighway . it 's as if Manhattan be carve from marble then gilt in gold . Engineering beyond anything we associate with the ancient world . brand new pyramid shine , smooth as glass . and tower over everything , like a buttress support the sky , be set 's obelisk . push in on a long procession of wealthy nobles steadily move up a grand avenue line on both side by tower golden statue ... toward the palace gate . there 's anticipation in the air for the festival celebrate set 's defeat of osiris , that name on everyone 's lip . the poor be press along the avenue ... they stare longingly at the privileged wealthy as they pass ... on bek . amongst the throng of poor . his expression be not exactly long , but that of a hunter lock on he quarry : ( continued ) 14 . continued : a caravan of tribute load with every treasure imaginable ... chest of gold , ivory , lapis and precious stone . a simple fisherman elbow bek , make conversation . fisherman imagine have all that ... bek I can . int . great palace complex - day a grand , open - air '' hypostyle '' courtyard that seat hundred . it 's surround by row after row of colossal pillar like a forest of stone . at the gate , bek enter with the crowd ... a broad - shoulder hooded man walk with purpose , accidentally shoulder - check bek . bek watch it . the hood man move on without notice . bek sniff . rude . reveal the hood man be horus ... bek dart stealthily behind a pillar , avoid the watchful eye of soldier ... bek 's fingertip find seam in the limestone as he climb ... no one the wiser . osiris 's glitter Palace have change since we last see it . now the seat of set 's power . his armed soldier be everywhere . red banner drape from the marble height . they look like never-end stream of blood . set sit on a throne on a raise dais . implacable . nobles file by set 's foot . bow deeply . in fear . in awe . bless to be in he presence . set do not look at they , nor the treasure they bear . he be consume by he own thought . hathor laugh . a sound beautiful as summer raindrop . the beautiful goddess of Love , Music , and alcohol , 20 , stylish in a turquoise sheath dress . she sit close to set , she hand on he knee . the most desirable woman anyone have ever see . ( continued ) 15 . continued : hathor ( flick she hair ) how can you ignore such treasure ? hathor be speak of herself , of course , and set know it . set today have a single purpose . she 's a perfect beauty . perfect company . but we sense it 's a mask . we can not see what 's go on behind she eye . Festival - goer crowd in ... musician play pipe and drum . dancers shake ceremonial rattles -- and everything else , too . hathor ( to set ) you really think he 's go to come ? after all this time ? set ( dry ) ; I be honore he father . how can he not ? bek high overhead hop from pillar to pillar in a chain of death -defy leap ... move toward the pile of tribute ... in the grand courtyard the music stop . time for the entertainment to begin . a orator set the stage for today 's performance ... orator ( speak to the crowd ) today we mark the ascension of we King to Egypt 's throne ... as we celebrate the downfall of craven osiris at he hand . a brutish actor / warrior play '' osiris '' stalk out into the courtyard . the audience boos ... another actor / warrior play '' set . '' he wear a red helmet that look like a strange long -snouted beast with sharp ear . orator Witness , fine lord and glorious god , a reenactment of the supreme Lord set 's brave vanquish of the wretch pretender to the crown . ( continued ) 16 . continued : the noble in the stand wait expectantly for the action ... no less excited be a congress of lesser god chatter in low tone , lest they offend set . they look like idealize human , above lowly mankind . notable among they a GOD of virility with the personality of a donkey . a humorless harvest goddess . and mnevis a bullish God of butcher . head of set 's Palace security . there 's also a half -dozen baboon off to the side of set 's throne . they hunch over papyrus scroll , busily write down what they see . one baboon accidentally spill he ink ... stain mnevis 's sandal . mnevis draw a sword to slay the offend creature . set mnevis -- it be my guest . mnevis the God of wisdom be you guest . he send baboon . set thoth prefer he own company . orator ( to the crowd ) behold the liberation of we splendid Egypt ! '' osiris '' attack '' set . '' '' set '' fight back in self - defense . a mockery of the true event . the audience be rivete . hathor this be not the story I remember . set one of the spoil of victory be chronicle you opponent 's defeat . and the cruder the performance , the more likely horus will be bait . hooded horus watch the '' entertainment '' from the shadow behind the stand . anger building ... ( continued ) 17 . continued : high angle , amongst the pillar bek dangle like a spider over the pile of treasure . below , the guard be distract by the show ... but a portly priest hover over the gift , catalogue they . bek scoops a fingerful of accumulate dust from atop a column ... let it drift down ... the portly Priest sneeze ... give bek the chance to silently drop behind the treasure . bek fill he pocket with jewelry . but there 's only so much he can carry ... bek 's eye a fancy chariot ... it will fit the bill nicely . in the courtyard the '' set '' actor win , pin the '' osiris '' actor beneath he boot . celebration erupt at '' set 's victory . '' the God of virility brays . a fine show , indeed . hooded horus have see enough . he take a step toward the throne ... a hand clamp down on horus 's shoulder -- wepwawet ( voice low ) this be what he want . it 's wepwawet . also disguise . horus be surprised to see he -- and irritate to be catch by he teacher . wepwawet let 's get out of here while we can . with a colossal act of will , horus follows wepwawet away ... set on he throne . his eye search the crowd , disappointed ... hathor oh well . guess you 'il have to wait another ten year . set I be not finish . set step into the courtyard . the audience watch with bate breath ... as set circle the tremble '' osiris . '' ( continued ) 18 . continued : set ( address all present ) it be important that the manner of osiris 's death be know ... that the scribe mark the record true . the actor '' osiris '' weep with fear , grovelling at set 's foot . set osiris begge before die . on horus and wepwawet horus stop in he track . seethe ... wepwawet keep walk ... set touches the '' osiris '' actor ... the man dry into a mummify husk , shrivelling like salt pour on a slug . the body turn to dust . same fate as the curse slave at the obelisk ... set no King of Egypt should beg . horus be push to the limit . he throw off he cloak , uncover a clutch of spear -- wepwawet do not -- set sense something -- a spear streak at he like a missile . it crease set 's ear , as he barely dodge out of the way -- the God of virility , however , be pinned to a pillar . horus stride into the courtyard , spear in each fist ... the eye of osiris 's son burn with vengeance . a hush fall ... horus today I bring truth . today I avenge my father for the evil do to he . ( continued ) 19 . continued : on bek . see horus in the flesh for the first time , he can not help but be in awe . on the nobles . whisper in fear , '' he 's come . '' on the lesser god . nervous they have choose the wrong side . on the lower class , peer in from outside . they savior be here . on hathor . she catch horus 's eye . there 's history here . he see she as a enemy . she do not see he that way -- but will not let it show . set grip he scepter , a deadly 5,000 pound iron monstrosity . set I be hope my nephew be come to swear he eternal devotion . ( a half smile , to horus ) it 's not too late to bow before I . horus I 'il bow to you dust . it begin . they weapon clang loud as a thousand sword . set ( genuinely impressed ) I mistake you absence for cowardice . but you have be practice . lesser god jump aside . mnevis draw he sword halfway ... then stop . all afraid of horus . horus ( to the lesser god ) now , later ... it do not matter . horus ferociously charge -- send set backpedaling into the forest of pillar bek scamper up a pillar like a monkey to get out of the way ... Priests and noble run hither and thither ... horus shoulder pillar aside like a batter ram ... the god 's fierce duel take they right below bek . his high perch totter like a gargantuan bowl pin ... ( continued ) 20 . continued : bek leap onto another pillar . safe until a mighty swing of set 's scepter crack that pillar , too . bek oh come on . High above the clash titan , bek bound from pillar to pillar as they fall like domino ... bek eye the chariot of treasure below -- at least the god - combat scattered the Soldiers ... bek slide down a tipping pillar like a ramp ... hop a ride on another pillar about to grind he to a pulp ... .».- and drop to the floor , next to the chariot . horus lose sight of set in the maze of pillar ... now he hunt . but every time he have a bead on set , he 's gone the second horus strike . set be everywhere and nowhere ... set I think you sight be perfect , but you aim like a drunk . horus God of confusion , I can see everything . horus 's p.o.v. look through the pillar with X -ray vision . see multiple set -- but only one cast _a_shadow . his vision focus to a narrow beam , pinpoint he target -- horus throws . the spear fly true -- it punch through two pillar on its way to set , striking he in the chest . set fall . the crowd gasp . noble , in horror . the poor , exultantly ... horus die god of rot . you body will be give to the cat , and the offal cast to the reptile . but set rise , very much alive . snap the spear . horus ( stunne ) why be not you dead ? ( continued ) 21 . continued : ( 2 ) set maybe you should have practice more . on horus . it make no sense . frustration fan he anger . bek strap the chariot 's bridle around he shoulder . bek second thing I be go to buy be a horse ... bek hear a inhuman screech . he think he have see it all : horus transform into a great falcon . set respond by become the massive , four- legge jackal - creature . wing beat , the falcon dig claw into its foe . bek duck as the god-beast grapple ... it 's only a matter of moment before the whole temple collapse . bek pull the chariot like a mule , tooth gritt -- but the portly Priest and two soldier block he way . portly priest you be a thief . bek and you be a priest . ( look he in the eye ) the question be , which one of we be more commit to he job ? a chunk of stone hit right beside they . the portly Priest and Soldiers run . so much for commitment . bek throw he weight into the bridle as pillar smash down all around he . he heave the chariot , thread the needle -- out of the palace as the whole structure come crashing down . bek make it . from out of the wreckage , the jackal - creature clamp its jaw on the falcon and fling it into the giant palace gate . the falcon transform back to horus , get he bearing . the impact cracked the gate ... if it fall , it 's 1ll hit bek 's chariot of treasure . ( continued ) 22 . continued : ( 3 ) bek see a noblewoman near horus , she dress pin by rubble . noblewoman ( to horus ) help I ... horus rush set , oblivious to the noblewoman and she fate . the stone gate teeters -- she 's sure to be crush -- bek make a split-second decision . he pull the noblewoman out of the way as the Gate start to fall ... noblewoman thank you , kind sir -- but bek 's already running back to the chariot . lug it out of the way in the nick of time as the Gate hit -- the noblewoman pat at she throat . her necklace be miss . bek in the crowd casually toss the necklace he just steal into the chariot , add it to the rest of he treasure . set in human form again , back down the avenue line with tower golden statue of ra. bait horus to follow ... set with no father to protect you , you mother come to I one night . willing to do anything to keep you safe ... anything at all ... horus shut up ... as horus 's fury grow , heat distort the air around he ... set which , it turn out , be quite a lot . horus shut _up . as super-heate horus pursue he enemy , cloth banner burst into flame at he pass ... set smirk as horus get angrier and angrier . ( continued ) 23 . continued : set wrath thy name be horus . and by thy name undone . horus feel a drop on he shoulder . it 's molten gold . the giant golden statue be melting from horus 's heat . they crumple like soft wax on top of he ... he 's knocked down by the weight ... set strike he with the full might of he scepter . horus fly back in a spray of liquid gold -- horus struggle to rise , but set hammer he ... until horus lie defeat . set reach down ... and pluck out both of horus 's eye . horus 's eye appear as jewel glint magically in set 's fist . a theft of horus 's very essence . set ( address the crowd ) even though I be provoke , horus still life . I be set the merciful . horus crawl away , blind ... gold run like a stream around he ... on hathor . a thousand emotion flash across she face before she successfully feign disinterest ... on wepwawet . his worst fear have come to pass . the crowd be stunne . even set 's faithful be staggered by what 's transpire . for the lower class , all hope be go . bek ( to himself ) this be why praying 's a waste of time . bek cover he treasure with a tear banner and roll it away . ext . forest - day dense forest . horus crawl , see only with he fingertip ... he eye blindfolded with tear cloth . horus ( to the North wind ) Father ... I fail . ( continued ) 24 . continued : horus pound the ground in frustration . tree tremble . int . forge - great palace close on a hammer bring down on a anvil -- each blow bright as a meteor strike . a helmet have be forge . the metal glow red as blood spill by hate . set admire he handiwork ... and fit one jeweled eye of horus into the faceplate . set finally . the right Eye of horus . ext . farmland - day wepwawet follow a trail of destruction , accompany by six other god in the form of athletic man and woman ... ally of horus . they see crop flatten . boulder split . a granary reduce to rubble . like a tornado cut a path through the farmland ... farmer hurry past , flee the source of the mayhem . farmer turn back . he 's mad ... horus 's ally keep follow the trail ... they find horus on the move , blindly swinging he fist . horus rip off branch , stiff - arm trunk into splinter . his eye be wrap with a blindfold tear from he tunic . wepwawet easy , horus ... horus halt , recognize the voice . there 's nowhere to go anyway . hot , impotent rage wither the grass at he foot . horus my anger do not defeat I . ( baffle ) he withstood a mortal blow from my spear ... I do not know how . wepwawet do not want to provoke he by argue the point . wepwawet set 's trickery be fame . wepwawet press a bottle into horus 's hand . horus take a drink . it calm he a iota . ( continued ) continued : emotion pl on horus . wepwawet , 25 . horus she be with he . and I doubt she be trick . ay across horus 's face at the think of hathor . wepwawet you be always in hathor 's heart , you know . horus ( bitterly ) yes , she 's get a big heart . room enough for a crowd in there . wepwawet the goddess do what she need to survive set 's rule ... and we will do what we need to end it . despair set in . horus the last thing I see be the face of my father 's murderer . now it 's all I ’l1l ever see . wepwawet I have learn one of you eye be secure in he treasury . we be go to steal it back . steely - eye , stand ready . his six comrade , too . horus ( that 's madness ) set 's treasury be surround by deadly trap no god can pass . you tell I that . wepwawet ( gather he courage ) any trap that can be sprung can be dodge . it 's time I test my mettle against set 's . horus it 's too dangerous . wepwawet in all the year we have be friend , when have it ever be safe ? 26 . ext . foreman 's pavilion - great obelisk - day set observe the countless slave building he great obelisk . as he walk into the massive shadow it cast , the structure 's unfinish tip eclipse the SUN ... urshu ( off the obelisk ) no one have so honore the great god ra , who rise on the horizon day by day . set I be sure my father will find this pile of stone a worthy substitute for the son I kill . set squint up at the sun ... then turn to urshu . set you only have three day before the sun be at its close ... the obelisk must be finish by then . urshu it will be . ra will pass by its high peak and marvel at the greatness you have build in he name . set truthfully , I honor myself as well . ( order he ) you will entomb this slave within the obelisk upon its completion . urshu do not pause at the impending mass murder ... urshu it will be they honor to serve you even in death . angle around the corner bek overhear , alarmed . in rich man 's clothes , wait beside he treasure - laden chariot for a audience with urshu . set many of this mortal worshipped horus . they will die with they prayer unanswer . on bek . he have get to get Zaya out of here , now . 27 . int . office - foreman 's pavilion - later urshu 's busy go over the plan with he Engineers ... his Guards bring '' wealthy '' bek before he ... bek I be here to purchase one of you servant . urshu I can not spare any . bek be you sure ? urshu see the chariot in the courtyard , full of treasure . can not help but be impressed . he gesture to he servant ... urshu pick one and leave . but bek do not see Zaya among they ... bek do not you have one with green eye ? at this , urshu and the guard exchange a look ... urshu ( cool , to the head Guard ) fetch she . while they be wait , urshu get conversational ... urshu you be a man of wealth . have you have much problem with thief ? bek just have to be smarter than they . urshu I have find evidence of a intruder . but I could find nothing steal . bek do not like where this be head ... especially when he see that guard have block the window and door . urshu so I have the place searched again , not to see if anything be miss ... but to see if anything unusual could be find . ( continued ) 28 . continued : urshu hold up Zaya 's horus figurine for bek to see ... Zaya 's dragge in by Guards , she clothes dirty and tear . bek Zaya -- Zaya 's terrify . urshu stroke she cheek ... urshu as if use my home for you fornicate be not sufficient . ( off she figurine ) this do not save you , do it ? set be you god . Guards with drawn sword encroach on bek ... bek grab urshu 's architectural plan -- hold the plan in one hand , a burn lamp in the other ... bek be a shame if we beloved god 's obelisk be not finish on time . urshu signal he Guards to move away from the door ... urshu ( nonchalant , to bek ) take she , then . Zaya snatch she horus figurine off the floor ... she and bek bolt out , toss the plan once they be clear . ext . great obelisk - day bek and Zaya run through the construction site , teeming with activity ... Soldiers converge ... ahead , two massive block of stone , big as boxcar , be be push toward each other , the gap between they close fast -- bek and Zaya dash through the narrowing gap a moment before they would have be crush . the Soldiers be CUT off , for the moment . bek and Zaya reach the MAIN gate the sentries here have not be alert yet ... bek we can make it -- ( continued ) 29 . continued : zaya just you . Zaya stop and pull up she sleeve , revealing the brand of set . she can never leave . zaya ( with a grim smile ) it sting a little . bek reel ... zaya I nil manage ... bek ( off the obelisk ) they be go to kill the slave soon as that thing 's do . zaya ( shake ) how long ? bek Three day . ( impotent fury ) I will break the curse . i/ ' 11 kill set myself . zaya ( unwaver ) you can not . only horus can . bek he fight like a fool and now he 's blind . zaya you always say you can steal anything ... ( press the figurine in bek 's hand ) steal he eye . give it back to he . the Soldiers be close in , lead by urshu ... zaya it 's the only way you can save I . bek I be not put my faith in he . ( continued ) 30 . continued : ( 2 ) Zaya give bek a kiss goodbye -- a lifetime of passion press into second -- zaya we will argue about it later . before bek can stop she , Zaya run into the clutches of the Soldiers . on bek . slip through the gate to freedom ... he feel like he gut have be rip open . int . set 's treasure vault a vast chamber . pillar , wall , ceiling -- every surface be metal polished to a shine . austere as a bank . a short guard enter , carry a cover birdcage . it 's bek in disguise . on bek . focus . he will not let Zaya down . turn a corner , he see the last thing he expect -- all the guard be sprawle dead on the floor . bek peer over the edge of the balcony ... a deep room the size of a football field . Endless gold bar from wall to wall . the wealth of a god in order stack . a long bridge traverse the cavernous vault . bek 's eye be draw to something among the treasure under the bridge ... a groan body . it 's wepwawet , die . the other six god lie dead among the gold . wepwawet get the furthest , which be not very far at all . wepwawet you be not a guard ... bek tell I about the trap . what kill you ? wepwawet expire before he can answer . as a test , bek toss he helmet over the balcony -- the helmet hit the floor of gold brick ... the brick move , attack the helmet with stinger -- underneath every brick lie a scorpion , plump with venom . ( continued ) 31 . continued : when the scorpion realize there 's no flesh within the helmet , they rearrange themselves into neat row , carry the brick on they back . you have never know they be there . bek scan the multitude of brick with a shudder ... bek where do you even get that many scorpion ? the bridge be divide into three span . the close be make of silver . the next span be gold . the last he can not see . bek swallow hard ... and consider the first hurdle : the first span -- the bridge of silver . Metal statue of set as a jackal - creature line the bridge on both side , face each other at ten foot interval . to cross you have to walk past they . it 's unnerve . bek remove the hood from he cage . frees a pair of pigeon . bek flick a handful of birdseed along the bridge ... watch the pigeon hop along the tile , pecking -- the bird spring the trap . two statue of set face each other flex they metal arm -- pull a razor sharp wire taut between they . the pigeon coo , unscathed . it would have cut a man in half . bek be a mess to clean up . the trap reset . pressure -sensitive floor-tile ? maybe that 's what he 's suppose to think ... bek look closer ... on bek . so that 's set 's secret : bek ( to a pigeon ) it 's a bait - and-switch . set do not think like a god . he think like a criminal . bek note the bird shadow cast by the light of a burning brazier ... SNAP . it 's the bird 's shadow that triggers the trap . bek light a torch ... hold it out in front of he to erase the shadow ... and be able to cross the first span ... ( continued ) 32 . continued : ( 2 ) the second span -- the bridge of gold . also line with statues of set -- but this grip long curve dagger . bek throw more seed . the pigeon trot over to eat it ... nothing happen until they flutter into the AIR -- the entire Bridge of gold fold in on itself like a bear trap . the statue 's dagger slice together like giant scissors . the pigeon flit up out of danger . the bridge clank open , trap reset . but what trigger it ? bek see a pigeon feather dance on a unseen wind ... bek grind a handful of birdseed into a fine powder under he heel ... and blows it into the AIR ... revealing : a scrisscross web of nearly invisible line -- jet of air blow in all direction from the statues 's mouth . if anything disrupt they stream , the trap be sprung . bek blows cloud of seed powder in front of he ... navigate the maze of air '' tripwire , '' as he cross the second span ... the third span -- the bridge of magic . built of black stone . obsidian statues of set line the bridge , each hold a object of wonder and magic ... a feather of the phoenix , exquisite as a rainbow . the sky necklace of shu , make of cloud . a tamarisk sapling , bare and withere . a goblet fill with milk from the breast of nut . a gemstone bright as the noonday sun . the Eye of horus . bek that 's it . bek toss a handful of birdseed ... but the pigeon be hesitant to go further , spook . bek this be how you thank I for all the meal we have share ? bek sprint full bore down the bridge ... swatting magic item off the statue as he pass -- trapdoor open in front of each magic item as he knock they off ... but bek 's move fast , one step ahead . he do not fall in -- ( continued ) 33 . continued : ( 3 ) the feather flutter down ... the necklace float away ... running , bek grab the Eye of horus . he 's go to make it -- in front of he , a thirsty pigeon land on the goblet of milk ... bek oh no -- the pigeon tip over the goblet , trip the trapdoor . which be , unfortunately , right under bek . bek fall -- down into the vault bek slam onto gold brick ... hear thousand of tiny leg skitter ... shut he eye and wait for sting death . but death do not come . bek open he eye ... a Mass of scorpion surround bek , stinger raise ... all hold at bay by the glow Eye of horus in he hand . the scorpion retreat from the light in a pollute tide . bek look at the Eye warming he palm ... and triumphantly close he fist over he prize . ext . canyon - set 's treasure vault - day bek exit the vault , make haste down the canyon protect set 's treasury ... the Eye glow in bek 's hand ... horus ( 0.s. ) where be my ally ? a spear swing out of the shadow -- bek barely duck -- blind horus emerge from behind a boulder , smolder like a volcano ... track bek with keen ear . bek they be all dead . the news be like a knife through horus . it can not be true . horus you have get my eye . I can feel it . bek it be there for the take . I take it . ( continued ) 34 . continued : horus no mortal could rob set 's vault . you must have pilfere my eye from wep 's corpse ... bek he never even get close . horus strike again , smash a rock . it 's only because the god be blind -- and bek be quick -- that bek survive . bek stop . I have a proposition -- horus you dare bargain with I for what be mine ? horus jab again . bek dodge . bek you be lucky I be willing to . you can not hit a thing . horus he be the god of stealth . I know of no one brave or more loyal . ( dismissive ) what be you ? some thief ? bek yeah . some thief . horus you want a reward I suppose ? gold ? bek gold I can steal . ( beat ) there 's a slave I want freed . horus a lot of work for a slave . bek I be dedicated . she 's be curse by set . on horus , cool . he lower he spear ... horus and curse she will be until set 's death . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : on horus , 35 . ( 2 ) horus ( cont 'd ) ( hold out he palm ) seem we want the same thing . so give I my Eye . bek I only have three day . horus Three day ? bek set will not need slave after he finish he little construction project . and he kill what he do not need . horus I train ten year for my first battle with set -- and still I be not ready . maybe twenty more -- bek I do not have twenty year . I do not have a week . I have three day . horus it can not be do . bek ( edge of desperation ) well figure it out . ( off the Eye ) or maybe I should toss this in the Nile . horus wait . think . horus do you really sneak past set 's trap or be that a idle boast ? bek I boast , but I do not lie . horus ( mind work ) wep and I would sit up at night ... talk of all the way to kill that dung -eater . there be one mad plan , bear of a excess of wine ... ( more ) ( continued ) 36 . continued : ( 3 ) horus ( cont 'd ) but even wep do not have the skill . ( to bek ) today you do what he could not . maybe tomorrow you can do more . bek me? horus I will kill set in three day -- if you assist I . on bek . he be not expect to actually work with horus ... horus my eye , mortal . do we have a agreement ? bek my name be bek . bek toss the eye to horus -- who pop it back in he head with a burst of light . horus can see again , he empty socket still cover with the strip of cloth . horus be able to look bek up and down for the first time ... horus you be small , bek . ext . rocky gully - later bek and horus be in a secluded , rocky place . the two unlikely ally warily take stock of each other . horus the God of the Desert will die if we destroy the desert itself . bek all of it ? horus why , be you fond of sand ? ( beat ) within set 's temple be the Fire that be the source of he power . extinguish that , and he fade away . the whole of the Nile could not quench that fire ... but a few drop from the water of creation can . ( more ) ( continued ) 37 . continued : horus ( cont 'd ) I will fly to the heaven and collect some from the prow of ra 's boat . bek raise a eyebrow . wow . bek that 's a good job for you . horus plainly . ( continue ) however , set 's Fire be guard by the sphinx . on bek . worried . he 's hear the storey ... bek you know the answer to its riddle ? horus no. bek it will tear we to piece . horus which be why the second thing we must do be convince the God of wisdom to answer it for we . ( beat ) a formidable task in its own right . bek so what do you need I for ? horus the hardest job of all . ( beat ) set 's pyramid of sand be ten time the challenge he treasury be . guard by the deadly trap he 's devise . wall , floor , nothing stay still . always move . make of crush sand and stone . bek a maze only the cleverest thief could conquer . horus I will settle for you . ( continued ) 38 . continued : ( 2 ) horus and bek crest a ridge . a panoramic view of the land . in the distance , a malevolent strip of red : the Desert . horus set will hunt we every step of the way . bek let he . horus like that answer . he look at the SUN , low on the horizon ... horus keep out of trouble until I return . I go to collect water from creation or die in the do . horus transform into a falcon and take to the sky -- bek watch horus fly away ... wonder what he 's get himself into . ext . nephthys 's stronghold - sunset a mountain - top aerie ... under siege from set 's soldier . arrow fill the air , shoot down bird try to escape . set ( to he archer , off the bird ) do not let a single messenger escape . int . nephthys 's stronghold - sunset pounding at the gate ... nephthys be cornere . 40s , plain -face . the goddess of weaver . her great feathered wing be fold against she back . great door break OPEN under a wither assault . set rush in , flanke by he Soldiers . they engage a dozen GOD bodyguard in fierce hand -to-hand combat . the bodyguard flash various animal head in the melee , but none of they can withstand set 's mighty scepter . nephthys shrink back from set , afraid but defiant ... set pick at a length of linen spilling from a loom . ( continued ) 39 . continued : set be it right that a goddess should perform such labor ? they clearly have a past . they be once husband and wife , before the death of osiris . nephthys since you become king , the need for burial shroud have be great . set ( brushes back she hair ) you could have be a queen . nephthys you brother be already marry . set fume at the mention of osiris , forever jealous . set what if I tell you I would pardon you for leave I at my moment of triumph ? you could wear the crown that be you right . nephthys ( coldly ) after all the year we share , you should already know my answer . set that make this much easier . set rip one of nephthys 's wing from she body -- it clatter to the ground as gold . nephthys look to set in horror . this be unthinkable . she uselessly flap she remain wing in a pathetic corkscrew attempt at escape , crashing back to the ground ... set tear off nephthys 's other wing . she sink to the floor , listless but conscious . nephthys ( weakly , off she wing ) you would rob I of my very essence ... the other will not stand for this . set no one will know what 's happen here until it 's too late . ( continued ) 40 . continued : ( 2 ) nephthys ( can not understand ) why ? you be already king ... set keep the answer to himself ... the bullish god mnevis enter . mnevis Lord . you royal treasury have be breach . set by who ? mnevis a mortal . the smell be unmistakable . set ( alarmed ) what do he steal ? ext . egypt as see from space horus the falcon fly high into the stratosphere ... so high the curvature of the earth can be see . from up here , the Nile 's blue line look like the artery of creation . above , through a break in the cloud ... a magnificent sailing ship cruise at the edge of space . ra' boat . its hull and splendid sail of purest gold . a titanic chain rise from the ship 's deck into the heaven . ra 's boat pull the SUN itself around the Earth each day . horus the falcon push himself higher ... into the cloud ... the air here be turbulent ... for this be the chaotic , primordial stuff from the time before creation ... gust tear violently at horus the falcon , throw he back ... the wind strip feather from he wing , threaten to rip he apart ... batter , he fall ... plummete to earth , horus retake the form of a man , stunne like a pugilist ... horus Father , let you strength be mine . still fall , horus find it within himself to press on ... ( continued ) 41 . continued : horus I be the Lord of the Sky . I will enter the celestial water -- horus transform back into a falcon and redouble he effort , again thrust into the cloud ... +.-until , with a final burst of strength , he break through -- ext . ra' boat the falcon land on the deck , transforming back into horus . what look like a man in he 5as sit sharpen he spear on a grindstone ... spark spit and pop off the shine blade . Battle -scar mark he sinewy body . deep crow - foot line eye fierce as a storm . he be RA Lord of the cosmos . majestic and mighty , moral and wise . he do not look up as horus drop to a knee and bow . horus hail , thou great God ra . RA normally when a bird land on my boat uninvite I kill it before it can shit . horus forgive I , grandfather . I would only ask something of you ... RA in that case I will stop what I be do and heed you bid . horus I mean no disrespect -- RA you do not know the difference . ra 's keen eye plumb the shadow brewing on the horizon ... RA sit and be silent . I have work to do . ra crank a massive winch ... letting out mile and mile of the mighty chain ... ( continued ) 42 . continued : the Sun , thus release , dip below the horizon ... ra 's boat pass into night ... a chill wind whip the sail ... horus find he knee weaken by dread ... a shadow uncoil from the abyss , size beyond imagine ... apophis rise like a thunderhead ... the demon of Chaos . define by blackness , its gargantuan silhouette be reptilian ... ra stand tall on the ship 's bow ... and ready a spear glitter with cosmic power . apophis roar -- the demon 's tail , wide as a cyclone , smack the hull -- horus be thrown against the mast , grab on for dear life ... ra_answer with stab of white FIRE from he spear . apophis 's head open like a mile - long red chasm ... revealing a mouth wide enough to swallow ra 's boat ... it seem to horus , wide enough to swallow the whole world ... ra stand he ground , striking the beast in the darkness . apophis 's ear-spit howl rock the boat as they duel shake the firmament ... RA crawl back to shadow , you stinking worm . a final jab of he spear ... and apophis shrink back into the black primordial sea ... RA you shall not feast on creation . ( beat ) until tomorrow , at least . ra lean against he spear , tired ... as he boat sail on , a beautiful canopy of star envelop they . ra uncork a jug of wine and drink with gusto . enjoy the taste of life the way only one who face death can . horus show he respect with silence . RA you know when to keep quiet . horus there be no word for that . ( continued ) 43 . continued : ( 2 ) we see how heavily ra 's burden weigh upon he . RA how different thing would be if I could dwell amongst my child in the garden of the Nile ... instead it be my burden to fight the demon apophis night after night . so that Egypt be not destroy by chaos . ( point ) there be thing worse than set . horus you be wrong . RA you would say that ? even after what you have just witness ? horus that demon be not the one who murder my father , you son . RA they be both my son . speak to I in that tone again boy , and I will slap you into the abyss . horus allow I to fill my flask with this water . RA ( consider this ) the water be not mine . horus lean over the side of the hull and dip he flask into the water of creation . Water , but not water ... Air , but not air ... it spark with life as it flow into the container ... RA you plan to quench the desert fire ? bold . but if you kill set , you will be king . how will you rule ? horus I do not plan to rule at all . ra frown . RA how do you get you eye back ? ( continued ) continued : 44 , ( 3 ) horus a mortal . RA Intrepid of he . horus he have the gall to strike a bargain with I . but I need he to break into set 's Temple of Sand . RA he will surely die there . horus there be many sacrifice on the path to vengeance . RA do he know he 's one of they ? horus he 's a mortal . he do not know anything . RA I have hope for you . but all you want be revenge . ra turn away from horus in disgust . ext . fore ' RA I do not approve of set or how he rule Egypt . but I do not know that you would be much better . ( terse ) now get off my boat . T — day bek run for he life through thick forest ... mnevis and a gang of four brutish bull god ( in they human form ) be hot on he tail . bek Zigiag through tree ... but he pursuer CUT he off ... mnevis seize bek , dangle he inch from he slimy snout ... mnevis ( sniff he ) found you . where be the Eye of horus ? ( continued ) 45 . continued : bek up you behind , alongside the goat you keep there . mnevis slam bek against a tree . mnevis I have see all the way a man can die . fast , slow , dirty , clean . mnevis press the tip of a nasty blade under bek 's rib ... bek I choose fast , but I 'il settle for clean . mnevis where be the Eye of horus ? horus ( from off - screen ) right here . horus walk into the middle of the bull god ... hold he spear like a bolt of lightning . mnevis ( surprised ) I think you be crawl sightless in the mud somewhere . mnevis release bek . the bull god exchange uneasy glance ... even five against one , this be horus . mnevis ( muster he courage ) cut he down . the bull god charge horus , blade draw -- horus jab at mnevis , but something 's off . he 's not as fast . mnevis bring he sword down on horus 's spear shaft -- knock the weapon out of horus 's hand . surrounded , horus roll to recover he weapon -- deflect two strike , but a third slashes he rib ... god do not bleed , but they wound shine , raw and real . horus wince ... mnevis see , brother . without he other eye he be weak ... ( continued ) 46 . continued : ( 2 ) bek watch horus bring down a stone temple like it be make of twig . what 's wrong with he now ? horus back into a defensive stance between two tree . the first bull God attack , overeager -- horus shoulder he against a tree trunk , pinning he as -- a second bull God strike ... horus spin the second attacker into the first . a wet slicing SOUND ... and both collapse . horus make they stab each other . horus level he gaze at mnevis and the two remain bull god , who feel cold fear spread through they gut . horus even if I be blind ... horus trip the bull God to mnevis 's leave , who slam flat on he back -- mnevis 's sword stroke miss horus ... horus deaf ... horus thrust upward two -hande , deliver a lethal blow to the bull God on mnevis 's right -- horus and bereft of limb ... bellowing , mnevis slashes at horus again , hit only air ... horus --.- I be still a match for you . horus jam he spear through mnevis 's chest . angle behind horus . the last survive bull God get up ... because of he eye patch , horus can not see he come -- bek ( warning he ) horus --— horus whip around and slay the last bull God . bek you have a blind spot . there 's no '' thank you for save I '' forthcoming . ( continued ) 47 . continued : ( 3 ) horus I tell you to do one thing . stay alive until I get back . bek last time I see you fight you be knock down pillar like they be nothing . now you need I to keep you from get skewer ? be you sure you can do this ? horus turn on bek in fury ... the troubling implication of he newfound weakness be not something horus want to face . horus the only reason I save you , mortal , be you be useful to I . do not test my patience . bek see the hypnotically swirl Water of creation in horus 's flask ... bek that 's really Water of creation ? horus yes . bek what would happen if I drank it ? horus you would be refresh . and then you would die . bek it do not seem right that the Water of creation would kill . horus I would kill you . for waste my water . bek now that we have get it , let 's go get we answer from the God of wisdom . we only have two day leave . horus we may have less time than that ... worried , horus scan the world for mile in every direction . ( continued ) 48 . continued : ( 4 ) horus the road will be watch now ... ( off mnevis 's body ) and set will send better hunter . int . set' palace - day set sit on he throne . hathor at he side look bored . Dead mnevis and the bull god be line up on display . anat and astarte poke at the body , examine the wound ... two warrior goddess . exotic beauty , 20 . Quick -tempere astarte wear a wick helmet top with the horn of a bull . anat 's clad in panther skin , battle axe at the ready -- she 's calculate and sadistic . anat ( off the body ) this one drop he guard ... this one must have misjudge he speed ... this one badly miss a side-stroke ... and this two kill each other . astarte too bad for they you do not summon we sooner . on set . brood on the return of he enemy . set I do not know horus have he sight back . hathor ( to set , off anat and astarte ) why bring this trash into you home ? they be only worshipped by cannibal and rapist . astarte kick she spear to hathor 's exquisitely shod foot , invite a fight . hathor toe it away , decline the offer . astarte as I think . set ( to hathor ) the desert be my home . ( more ) ( continued ) 49 . continued : set ( cont 'd ) ( to anat and astarte ) find horus and you may keep he remain eye . I have the only piece of he I need . anat we will deliver he to you . set no. incinerate he , along with the thief . on hathor . a distress think , but she can not let it show . set ( to hathor ) unless you want to see he face one last time ? hathor good hunt , lady . ext . forest - day on horus , walking briskly over rough ground and underbrush ... horus we should be at thoth 's library soon if ... horus stop , realize he 's talk to nobody . bek 's lagging behind , breathe hard . bek I need ... to rest . horus we have only be travel nine hour . bek sit , exhaust . bek you can fly . horus iocan . can you ? bek could not you carry I ? horus do not dignify that with a answer . ( continued ) 50 . continued : horus impatiently wait for bek to recover ... horus 's p.o.v. lock onto a sapling a half a mile away . from this distance invisible to the human eye . horus heft he spear , aim at the sapling ... but he vision be not crisp like it be . it waver now , unstable ... horus let the spear fly with such speed the sonic boom knock bek flat on he back -- the spear miss the sapling ... atomizing a massive tree . bek do not know it be a miss . bek you do not have to keep try to impress I . horus be not even close . on horus . doubt . a new feel for he . he hate it . horus sit straight - back on a rock near a stream . he hand bek a cup from he belt ... bek what 's this ? horus so you do not have to bring I water cup in you hand . bek I be not you slave . horus my father teach I it be unworthy of a god to smite a man . bek he should have teach you to get off you ass and get you own water . horus backhand bek into the stream with a splash . horus ( to the North wind ) sorry , Father . as bek climb out of the stream ... the SMALL figurine of horus fall from bek 's pocket . ( continued ) 51 . continued : ( 2 ) horus consider the falcon-heade statue 's likeness ... horus the brow lack majesty and the beak be crooked . ( shrug ) I have see worse . bek it 's not mine . on bek . a stab of emotion as he think of Zaya ... bek let 's go . we be lose time . horus can see bek 's still exhaust ... horus you look weak . bek I be fine . horus ( it occur to he ) I think you need food . human need food . bek what do you know about human ? bek stubbornly keep move ... horus I insist . ( gesture ) this land be bountiful . eat. bek relent . not because he 's tired and hungry -- which he be -- but because he can not help but be amused at this god who do not understand the first thing about man . bek we do not eat tree . ext . elsewhere in the forest - later a blur through branch ... something move fast ... a chariot pull by a pair of horse with the speed of god . astarte yank the rein to halt the beast -- the violence of the stop cut a trench beneath they hoof . ( continued ) 52 . continued : anat step from the chariot to push she hand into the earth . they be tracking horus and bek ... astarte what do the worm tell you ? worm wriggle to the surface in a line , point the way to a SMALL CITY ahead ... astarte he 's close . anat put a wooden flute to she lip . Plays a shrill note ... Far away , a chill sound like a live windstorm answer ... int . king be quarter - set' palace hathor and set recline on cushion , sip wine ... discrete musician play captivate music , promise sensual delight . hathor take another hearty sip . half -drunk . try to forget the past , anxious to reach sweet oblivion . set you be thirsty this evening . hathor with wine this good , no excuse be necessary . set you wine be always good . set lean in to kiss she ... hathor smell something on he : hathor ( teasing ) who be she ? set what do you mean ? hathor I can smell she on you . set jealous of my hunter ? hathor ( shake she head ) I know that scent ... feather and linen . bland and boring . ( more ) ( continued ) 53. continued : hathor ( cont 'd ) ( realize ) why would you go see you former wife ? set I have not see nephthys since the night she leave I . on hathor . she know he 's lie . her question be all in fun -- but now she 's stumble on something more . if set suspect she , she 's dead . hathor ( quickly cover ) my mistake . ( laugh it off ) I can smell a woman on a man year later . drive I crazy -- and my man too . set nod , amused . hathor get up ... hathor I ' 1ll light incense -- set ( pull she back to he ) later . int . hallway - palace - later hathor slip from set 's bedchamber ... pad down the hall ... careful to stay out of sight from patrol Guards ... int . forge - set' palace hathor enter silently ... eerie shadow play off weapon forge by set ... hathor 's grip by a wave of forebode ... as she see the armor set have be fashion . the helmet with horus 's eye in the visor ... and a breastplate with a jeweled heart . set do you find what you be look for ? set stand behind she , block the exit . set ( off the breastplate ) osiris 's heart be never recover . ( continued ) 54 . continued : hathor that 's why horus could not kill you ... hathor back away from set ... and collide with nephthys 's golden wing ... she recoil from the dismember part ... hathor you be wage war on the god ? set seize she arm -- he touch start to decay her flesh ... a jewele bracelet on hathor 's wrist glimmer supernova - bright . her skin heal as set 's curse be repell . set shield he eye -- the bracelet 's too bright to look at . hathor sprint out the door . she 's get a good head start , but she better keep run ... ext . SMALL CITY - day horus conceal he face under the hood of a cloak ... as he and bek walk through narrow , quiet alley . here and there , soldier of set keep watch ... int . tavern - day bek and hood horus enter a work - class tavern . horus ( off bek , to the barkeep ) bring he some food . the barkeep raise a eyebrow at horus 's imperious tone , but do not recognize the god beneath he hood . barkeep to drink ? horus you finest beer . quickly . bek ( to the barkeep ) I guess two . the barkeep move off ... bek ( to horus ) that 's not how mortal talk if they want good service . ( continued ) 55 . continued : horus I be use to more than service . I expect worship . bek eat the food provide . horus drink from he cup . bek ( to horus ) do you even get thirsty ? horus I like the taste . horus wipe he mouth with the back of he hand , rap he fist on the table . satisfied . horus ( to the barkeep ) this place please I . ask , and find I generous . barkeep it 's call pay . horus pat he waistband ... he have no money . why would he ? horus I , uh ... bek ( irritate ) I have get it . ext . outside the CITY - day bek and hood horus cross a field dot with rock pile . this be where the poor be bury . they happen upon a poor man 's funeral . his linen - wrap body be lower into a simple pit . his wife weep . the man may not have be rich , but he be love by many . horus ( to bek , confuse ) what be this ? bek you have never see a funeral ? horus I have . not like this . this man take nothing with he to the afterlife . ( more ) ( continued ) 56 . continued : horus ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) without treasure , he will not be grant entry . bek ( terse ) not everyone have treasure . a grand funeral procession pass through , disrupt the poor man 's memorial ... head toward a city of low brick building : mastaba tomb for the wealthy dead . dozen of nobles and they servant transport a Rich charioteer in he sarcophagus . they also carry a dazzle display of gold and jewel . the rich charioteer 's wife be infuriate that they passage be be inconvenience by the poor man 's funeral . rich charioteer '’s wife ( to the poor man 's wife ) only dog lack the sense not to run out of the way of a chariot . at least my husband will not be troubled by dog in the afterlife . the poor man 's wife absorb the insult . horus be troubled . he approach the poor mourner with he hood pull low . they have no idea he be a god ... horus what happen here ? poor mourner we friend be sell fish in the market , when a Rich man 's chariot come gallop down the street -- do not care who be in he way . he strike we friend and die himself when he be throw . ext . mastaba tomb —- day horus and bek walk on ... mastaba tomb in every direction . bek 's surprised to see horus introspective ... horus his murderer journey to the afterlife , but the poor man do not ... ( continued ) 57 . continued : bek this be the way thing be down in the dirt with we mortal . better to be a gold - plate bastard than a beggar full of charity . dying 's a rich man 's game . ( beat ) why do you think I be a thief ? when I die -- many , many year from now by the way -- I plan to stroll into the afterlife like he . bek point back at the Rich charioteer 's funeral procession . on horus , none of this seem quite right ... the quiet be break by the sound of the live windstorm ... bek ( with a chill ) what be that ? horus know . he pull bek behind cover ... horus get down -- or you plan to live many year will be ruin . horus 's p.o.v. far-off , anat and astarte 's chariot ... cut like a streak across the horizon . horus ( grimly ) anat and astarte . set 's hunter . in the distance , a spray of FIRE rake the farmer 's field ... a huge shape undulate within the smoke ... the source of the terrifying windstorm sound . horus a pet of theirs . I can not withstand its fire . ( off he miss eye ) not as I be now ... on horus . at a loss what to do ... bek then I guess we should run . horus run ? ( continued ) 58 . continued : ( 2 ) bek mortal do it all the time . horus and bek zigzag through the grid of squat tomb ... a hushed city of the dead , enfold they like a maze ... bek we be go in circle . the windstorm fill they ear , louder now ... the pursue creature get closer ... bek and horus hurry down a row of tomb ... a stream of FIRE suddenly block they way , close enough to curl the hair of bek 's eyebrow . they have run out of option ... horus and bek hear rock scraping rock behind they -- it 's hathor , stand in the doorway of a secret passage . bek can not help but be captivate by she beauty . bek hello , my name be -- horus 's good eye shoot dagger at hathor . horus you . hathor just shut up and come with I . horus turn back to face the oncoming creature instead ... bek ( to horus ) I think we be run away from the thing that burn up god ... horus its company be preferable . hathor ( off horus 's miss eye ) you know you have no choice . you be half the god you use to be . on horus . she 's right and he hate it . horus follows she into the secret passage ( continued ) 59 . continued : ( 3 ) hathor ( over she shoulder ) lucky that bitch do not know the history of this place . while he be construct the tomb , the architect build a hide passage here ... so he could have secret liaison with the Queen . they reach a underground river . hathor dive in ... bek uh , how long do I have to hold my breath ? horus dive in , too . a blast of FIRE cook the passage . bek jump in after they -- ext . lagoon - day a cough , waterlogged bek trudge from the water ... the underground river lead to a seclude lagoon . horus and hathor wait on shore in chilly silence . neither offer bek a hand . bek do not worry . I be still alive . no response . bek flop down to rest . hathor dip a empty wine sack in the water and magically transform it into wine . hathor ( off horus 's miss eye ) I think it make you look roguish . it 's sure to become a trend . hathor offer horus some wine . a peace offer . he do not take it . bek reach out he hand -- he will have some wine . hathor ignore he like he do not exist . typical . hathor ( to horus ) you be welcome for save you . horus finally look at she , furious . horus explain yourself . ( continued ) continued : 60 . hathor do not talk to I like I be you wife . horus so while I be crawl blind through a forest , you consort with the god who pull out my eye ? hathor 's finger trace the length of she curvy frame ... bek look horus take hathor why would I waste this on someone who can not see ? horus you be a demon . hathor ( play with she hair ) so you have say . for year . horus I do not know why you even bother rescue I . back and forth , try to figure they out ... hathor he tore the wing off nephthys ... it be horrible . he 's forging some kind of armor . ( after a beat ) he keep you father 's heart . 's in that appall revelation ... horus and now my eye. ( gravely ) he 's make a full suit of it then . hathor why ? he already have everything . horus he want to finish what he start . to humiliate and destroy all who champion my father . ( beat ) once set finish he armor , he ’1ll be too strong to stop . ( continued ) 61 . continued : ( 2 ) bek do that change we plan ? horus no. ( to hathor ) we be break into set 's desert temple to kill he once and for all . hathor 's shocked . no one 's ever try to do that before . hathor how be you two jester plan on get in ? horus nod toward bek ... hathor ( off bek , it 's ridiculous ) him ? horus after we see thoth . hathor ( unenthusiastic ) why would you ever do that on purpose ? horus can you answer the riddle of the sphinx ? ext . marsh - day bek , horus and hathor slog thorough a swamp of tall , reedy papyrus plant ... hathor lag , fatigue . she sip from she wine sack ... horus not the best day to be hungover . horus scoops she up and carry she . hathor do not complain . bek smile to himself . horus will not show it ... but it 's obvious how much he care about she . horus you drink too much . ( continued ) 62 . continued : hathor I be the goddess of too much . there 's plenty I have give you you have never find excessive . horus can not argue with that . hathor ( to bek ) so why be you here ? be you seek treasure ? bek I use to . hathor never stop . ( to horus ) when be I get some ? horus look to you wrist , if the effort be not too great . there you will see the bracelet of forty - two star , one for each of the demon I slay in the get . to keep you safe from any curse . ( point ) to remind you of the one who give it to you . hathor admire she bracelet . so do bek . it sparkles like the Big bang . hathor this old thing ? hathor drain the last of she wine ... still thirsty , she beckon bek ... her eye be mesmerize ... hathor be a dear and fetch I something wet . there must be a pool of clean water somewhere . bek ( not seduce ) you be all the same , be not you ? hathor stare quizzically at bek , who brace for she temper ... but instead a genuine smile spread over she face . ( continued ) 63 . continued : ( 2 ) hathor ( intrigue , excited ) what 's she name ? bek who ? hathor I can make any man , woman , god or beast do my bid -- unless they heart belong to another . you be in love . horus he be ? bek ( after a beat ) her name 's Zaya . hathor ( chin cup in she hand ) tell I everything . bek we grow up in a nothing village . maybe if we have have more , the way people in the city do , I would not have notice the little thing ... like how just before the sun hide behind the mountain the light would catch she eye ... it be prettier than you bracelet . hathor sigh , transport by bek 's word ... hathor that be the first time you kiss she , be not it ? ( backhand horus ) why do not you ever talk about I that way ? bek look off , barely contain he emotion ... on horus . he 's risk death beside this mortal ... and now realize how little he know he . hathor ( hint , to horus ) I be still thirsty . hathor wave away horus : give she a minute with bek alone . ( continued ) 64 . continued : ( 3 ) her gaze seem to plumb the depth of bek 's heart . hathor what happen ? bek we think we need more . so we run away from home . stupid . we have no idea how dangerous the world be . ( beat ) we be capture by slaver and cramme below the deck of a boat . I try to break we free ... but there be too many man with too many sword . I go overboard , leave for dead . Zaya stay on the boat , in chain . hathor now she 's one of the thousand building that hideous obelisk , no doubt . bek this time , I be go to save she . hathor I believe you will . horus nearby have unearth a spring . he kneel , fill hathor 's wineskin with water ... bek approach ... horus I do not know about you woman . bek you do not ask . ( a awkward beat ) with you eye , can you see she ? horus gaze at the horizon ... horus 's p.o.v. mile away , at the obelisk ... Zaya put all she strength into inching a heavy stone forward ... a older woman slave next to she drop in exhaustion ... Zaya kindly help the older woman to she foot before a cruel overseer notice . the older woman be thankful . they muster they strength to keep work ... ( continued ) 65 . continued : ( 4 ) back to horus and bek horus she have courage . bek 's relieved Zaya 's alive . but he 's still afraid for she . bek we have what , two day until set sacrifice Zaya and all of they -- why ? some piggish gesture ? horus she will be freed in time . I promise . bek ( sincere ) you know , see she from so far away do not do she justice . you can not hear she voice . right now , she would be say '' I tell you so . '' ( off horus 's question look ) she 's the one who tell I to trust you . bek walk back to hathor ... on horus , alone . feeling guilty for use bek , horus pound the ground in frustration . look up at the sun ... horus ( speak quietly , to ra ) what would you have I do ? I have no choice . I need he . a thicket of papyrus reed part -- a baboon stick he head out and shriek in surprise ... horus I guess we be here . ext . thoth 's library - day busy baboon harvest papyrus , cut it into strip , beat it with mallet , press it under rock . they be make paper . thoth 's library stand beyond this assembly line . Stark , clean , and modern , it 's know as the '' House of life . '' the door be small as the baboon who stream in and out ... ( continued ) 66 . continued : bek I think I be short ... horus the door be for the baboon . thoth never leave . they bend down and squeeze through the under-size door ... horus 's shoulder barely fit . he swear under he breath . int . thoth 's library - day no window -- just shelf line with billion of scroll . baboon climb up and down , organize all the world 's knowledge ... thoth hunch over a chaotic mess of scroll . 20 , eccentric , socially awkward , convinced of he own genius . finger black with ink , thoth rapidly inscribe hieroglyphics ... baboon come and go , roll and unrol scroll in front of he ... horus Wise Lord of the Sacred Word , we come before you seek counsel -- thoth silence horus with a raise finger ... finally , he look up , impatient . thoth shield he eye from hathor ... thoth ( to hathor ) you . turn around . hathor you prefer the view from behind ? thoth ( flustered ) no , I ... yes . you know I can not lie . I be not go to risk look at that tricky eye of yours . thoth turn to horus , give he he priceless attention . horus I need -- thoth the answer to the riddle of the sphinx . ( more ) ( continued ) 67 . continued : thoth ( cont 'd ) ( off horus 's surprise ) a child could deduce why you be here . thoth lean back in he chair , fingertip press together . thoth I be feel magnanimous , so I 'il help you . horus and bek share a look . that be easy . thoth go ask the riddle , then come back and relay it to I . I x11 solve it . horus uh , one of we would have to die ... thoth draw lot . horus come with we . the notion actually make thoth laugh . horus be you afraid you will get it wrong ? thoth play on my vanity ? this be the cleverest strategy you could devise ? hathor ( still face the wall ) one night . I x11 give you one night . horus ( to hathor ) no , you will not . ( turn back to thoth ) set be forging some kind of armor make from the steal essence of god ... what little vulnerability he have shrink by the day . thoth snort . but behind he eye , this information impact . ( continued ) continued : horus 's ang 68 . ( 2 ) horus set must be stop before he eradicate we all . you see the wisdom in that ... ( no answer ) do not you ? thoth ( under he breath ) I make a deal with he . horus what ? er start to smolder ... thoth set do not bother I , I do not bother he . ( explain ) Study require quiet . set may keep the peace at the edge of a sword , but it be peace . horus cockroach . I x11 snap you neck . thoth ( back to he study ) I have work to do . horus 's uncontrolled rage set scroll on FIRE ... baboon rush to douse the flame ... thoth get out . bek see this have turn into a disaster . bek I know something you do not . thoth ( notice he ) I think you be one of the baboon ... bek ( continue ) but you have to come with we to find out what it be . ( continued ) 69 . continued : ( 3 ) thoth I can recite the true name of the star . I have see the world create from sand and water . you think there be anything you know that I do not ? bek what do the sun feel like on you shoulder ? on thoth . he do not know . ext . thoth 's library - day thoth look up at the sky ... dreary cloud hide the sun . thoth ( grumble , off bek ) it 's not even sunny ... pfft . ext . dead forest - day a fog settles ... horus , bek , hathor and thoth walk through a graveyard of once - great tree . the ground be grey , ruin forever . ruins emerge from the fog like spectre ... a giant statue of osiris lie on its side , its decapitate head big as a whale . to horus , it feel as if he father 's eye be judge he . bek keep pace alongside horus , indifferent to the ruin ... bek you temper almost cost we back there . horus my anger have help keep you alive . what be that worth ? bek not much if it cost I Zaya 's life . what do you have to be angry about ? thoth and hathor look at bek . do not he know where they be ? thoth ( quietly , to bek ) here be where osiris fall . ( continued ) 70 . continued : bek ( look around ) set salted the earth ? horus it be not set . it be my mother 's tear . bek I think it 's more than he murder eat at you . horus I do not care what you think . bek even with one eye , you complain about be weak . weak be not throw spear for mile . weak be not fly up to the sun . weak be not win when you be outnumber five to one . horus I do not choose a path of revenge . I do not choose to be king . I choose none of this . ( beat ) so you tell I -- what kind of power do I really have ? bek you sound like a mortal . tough to feel powerless , be not it ? they all hear the '' live windstorm '' blow out of nowhere ... horus , bek and hathor know this sound ... thoth the wind sound alive ... horus it be . horus ready he spear . they all peer into the fog ... ahead , a giant fallen pillar block they way . thoth that pillar be not there before . the pillar move ... rising up -- it 's a gigantic black cobra . ( continued ) 71 . continued : ( 2 ) the cobra tower over they . the '' wind '' be its vicious hiss . bek run ? horus it 's too close . hathor so what do we do ? horus do not know . his confidence be shake ... but bek realize horus be they only chance ... bek be strength all that make you a god ? horus gather himself , hold forth he spear ... horus serpent , depart from we now or I will divide you head in two . the cobra 's hood flare , prepare to strike ... horus squint he good eye , aim ... let he spear fly -- the spear graze the cobra 's scale ... but miss . horus curse . now he weapon be go , lose in the fog . a second cobra , this one white , rear up to join the first . bek well , its head be divide in two . the cobras bare fang like ivory scimitar and spit stream of burning venom like napalm -- horus raise a flat chunk of stone to shield they . the marble disintegrate under the onslaught of burn venom ... horus ( to the rest of they ) now run . bek , hathor and thoth sprint into the fog ... horus be alone with the monster . a slurping sound as the cobras draw more venom , reloading ... they spit -- horus dodge twin annihilate spray . he know he can not outrun this doom ... ( continued ) 72 . continued : ( 3 ) horus circle back ... straight at the Black cobra . the cobras abort they attack to avoid burn each other . but now horus be close enough to be bitten . he barely twist out of the way as fang scissor the air ... bek , hathor and thoth take cover behind some ruin ... hathor see a streak cut a trail through the fog -- hathor ( shout to horus ) look out ! the chariot speed toward horus , pull by supernaturally swift horse . almost too fast to see . astarte at the reins . anat beside she , tooth bare in blood lust , swing she battle axe at horus as they zing past -- horus duck , feel the blade whistle past he ear ... anat on the chariot plays a series of note on she wooden flute ... the black cobra obey the musical command . grab horus in a coil of its tail ... on thoth . he hear the flute ... realize they method . thoth of course , the tone ... thoth scan the ground ... thoth now to find a suitable branch and carve a simulacrum . crouched nearby , hathor roll she eye . typical thoth . bek bound up a break ramp of stone , on a mission ... horus trapped in the Black cobra 's embrace ... he struggle to free he arm as the serpent 's jaw OPEN ... ( continued ) 73 . continued : ( 4 ) anat and astarte Circle back on the chariot , relishing horus 's predicament ... anat he 's no falcon . astarte leave a piece for I . astarte hand the reins to anat ... and dismount at a run ... astarte head into the ruins after the other , use she own flute to call the White cobra to she ... horus pull one arm free as the Black cobra strike -- horus hammer the cobra 's fang with he fist . the force of the blow snap off the giant tooth . the Black cobra recoil , leak venom from the break stump . horus see anat steer the chariot around for another run ... he can not disentangle from loosen coil fast enough ... anat raise she axe . this time she will have horus 's head ... bek jump from a high wall onto the moving chariot -- death defy . bek shoulder anat 's arm , so that she miss horus with the axe ... anat slice at bek ... bek grab the reins and pull -- the horse dig in . the chariot brake hard -- anat and bek be both thrown free ... horus finally escape the Black cobra 's coil ... pick up its broken fang ... bek lay on the ground , stunne . anat get to she foot , unfaze by the tumble . raise she axe high over bek ... ready to separate he head from he body ... ( continued ) 74 , continued : ( 5 ) anat ( to bek ) be honore . I x11 keep you skull as a souvenir . suddenly anat look down : the cobra 's fang protrude from she chest . anat fall dead . horus stand behind she hold the fang like a sword . one goddess down . bek and horus catch they breath . it 's obvious to both that they make a good team ... but be man , neither say anything . bek ( point behind horus ) um -- the Black cobra rear up over horus , its malice bent toward the one who hurt it . horus Zigiag into the ruin , the giant serpent in pursuit ... astarte and the white cobra nose through the fog ... find hathor , alone . unarm . seemingly helpless . astarte pretty girl . you do not belong in battle . astarte blow a sharp tone on she flute ... the White cobra bare its fang , drip liquid fire ... astarte burn she . hathor stare into the reptile 's eye ... hathor ( to the cobra ) what a beautiful creature you be . the cobra 's pupil widen , hypnotize . astarte frantically blows the flute , but the White cobra be not listen now ... astarte ( to the cobra ) burn she -- hathor no . ( continued ) 75 . continued : the giant snake freeze in place , in hathor 's control . astarte charge hathor in a fury -- hathor defiantly hold she ground . we have never see this side of she . strong. angry . powerful . hathor you think I be not a fighter ? I just do not like get my hand dirty . hathor flick a finger as if she have a speck under the nail -- at hathor 's command , the White cobra vomit a inferno on astarte . she desperately blow into she flute ... it 's burned away a second before she be . the White cobra then rake a stream of fire across its own skin . incinerate itself to please its mistress hathor . one cobra and one more goddess down , but hathor collapse from the strain ... horus scramble up onto the giant stone head of osiris ... as the Black cobra hunt he through the fog ... horus leap onto the Black cobra 's writhing body , grip the scale . the cobra furiously thrashes , try to shake he -- while horus climb hand over hand onto its head ... as he 's whipping around , horus spot he spear -- it 's punch through a monolith of stone , stuck tight . its sharp point stick out the other side ... horus strike a blow between the Black cobra 's inky eye . dazing it . horus wrestle the cobra backwards ... a control fall , guide by horus -- straight onto the tip of he spear . the cobra 's own weight drive the spear through its skull , which burst into a bubbling mass of fire ... horus drop to the ground . tire , dirty , victorious . horus I be horus , son of osiris , and I will never be overthrown . thoth rush up , play a homemade flute he carve from a branch ... then he see the battle be over . ( continued ) 76 . continued : thoth oh. ( off he flute ) this would have work . horus ( concerned ) hathor ? thoth Fine . tire . she kill the other one with great ease than you . horus shrug as he wrestle he spear out of the rock ... thoth and you mortal ? horus capable , as always . thoth yes , about that . I be think -- horus always think . thoth ... if we do vanquish set , all the artifact he power have raise up will fall down . horus good riddance . thoth set 's pyramid be make of sand . we will be stand under it . horus so we will dig out . thoth how will the human survive ? horus avoid thoth 's gaze . thoth evidently you have already consider this . we reveal bek , listen from the other side of a statue ... neither of they know he 's there . ( continued ) 71 . continued : ( 2 ) horus I 'il shield he . thoth that might work . might not . you should tell he . horus and if he decline to take the risk ? we can not get in without he . thoth I just believe the truth should always be tell . horus ( hard ) I be stand on my father 's grave and my mother 's tear . I will have justice . on bek . rocked by betrayal . so that 's how it 's go to be . bek ( under he breath ) you will never get you justice . back at the chariot bek ease toward the horse , who bare they tooth at he . he take fig from he pack , toss one to each horse . bek ( patting they neck ) you know the way to heliopolis ? hathor come up behind bek as he get on the chariot . hathor what be you do ? bek ask horus . hathor sigh sadly . it do not take a genius to do the math . hathor I could stop you ... bek put he hand on hathor 's arm . squeeze it with emotion . bek you will not . ( continued ) 78 . continued : ( 3 ) hathor watch the chariot accelerate away , faster than the speed of sound ... onboard the chariot bek hold tight as the world rush by in a hallucinatory trail of light ... bek glance down at he palm : he steal hathor 's bracelet of forty - two star . ext . great obelisk - day Zaya labor to complete the obelisk amongst the thousand ... the older woman just can not keep pace ... the cruel overseer raise he baton to deliver additional motivation ... cruel overseer ( to the older woman ) you do not stop . Zaya kick the overseer from behind . she stave off the older woman 's punishment , but now Zaya 's face a beat ... zaya ( to the overseer ) do what you have to . I do . before the overseer can strike Zaya ... he 's hoisted into the AIR , raise up the obelisk like a flag up a pole -- looking closer , there 's a rope hook to the overseer 's belt . he shout out , dangle from up high , draw everyone 's attention -- bek hey . Zaya turn to see bek stand next to she . she gasp . bek ( off the overseer ) pretty good distraction if you do not even notice I ... there 's no time to celebrate they reunion . Zaya rub she shoulder . the brand 's still there . zaya set 's not dead ... bek put hathor 's bracelet on Zaya 's wrist ... ( continued ) 79 . continued : bek do not matter . bek lead she away , head down , while everyone else 's eye be on the overseer ... urshu at the pavilion see the disorder in the slave area ... but urshu be not so easily fool . he look elsewhere ... .-.. and spot bek and Zaya . they be head toward the Gate . bek and zaya reach the threshold of the gate . bek run past . Zaya stop , afraid . stepping past will trigger the curse ... bek trust I . Zaya close she eye ... and walk out of the gate ... immediately , the brand on Zaya 's shoulder bloom with decay -- zaya bek ... the bracelet shine bright , repelling the dark corruption and completely erasing the brand . Zaya 's eye go wide with wonderment . her curse be lift . bek told you I have save you . they jump in the wait chariot -- fssst . what be that sound ? one of the horse snort , ready to speed they away ? bek ( turn to Zaya ) let 's go ... bek see a arrow bury in Zaya 's chest . zaya I ... she sink onto the chariot floor . bek Zaya ? ( continued ) 80 . continued : ( 2 ) for a moment that seem endless , bek do not know what to do . urshu at the pavilion stands with a bow . he coldly notches another arrow and shoot again -- bek in the chariot whisper into the horse 's ear . they take off -- urshu 's second arrow impact a wall where the chariot be . now just swirl dust . bek cradle Zaya in he arm in the move chariot . the world around they a blur . ext . red desert - day horus stalk forward , furious . they have now reach the red sand of set 's land ... hathor and thoth lag behind . horus he ’1ll meet the fate earn by all traitor . hathor you could have avert this . horus I 'il do it without he . thoth be about to contradict this falsehood ... then think better of it . the chariot speed out of nowhere . come to a halt . horus ( to bek , livid ) if you have come to beg , you may begin . bek can you help she ? the god see Zaya barely cling to life . thoth examine she ... but it 's clear to horus she condition be dire . hathor give Zaya a sip from she wineskin . hathor I can take away she pain . ( continued ) 81 . continued : Zaya relax , soothed by hathor 's drink . but she breathe be shallow . she 's fade ... zaya ( to bek ) I be glad we be together . Zaya 's eye close ... a final exhale ... bek I can not feel she heart ... ( to horus ) save she . horus we can not . on horus . he know what he need to do . horus ( in a quiet voice ) come to I , o mighty isis . a mournful cry pierce the air . a majestic bird , a kite , swoops down , transform into isis . the wife of osiris stand before they in all she majesty . the god take a knee before she ... isis turn up she nose at hathor like she 's a cheap tramp . isis ( to horus ) by what right do you summon I ? the one who widow I remain upon my husband 's throne . horus I know . isis rest she palm on horus 's empty eye , disapprove . isis how I wish I have other son who could honor they father , but set rob we of they before they could be bear . I only have you . isis finally notice bek . he 's distraught , beside the body of the woman he love . horus help he , mother . ( continued ) 82 . continued : ( 2 ) bek bow before isis , tear - streak face in the dirt . it 's heart-rend . bek please ... isis see bek 's tear ... and she own eye well with emotion . isis cradle Zaya in the crook of she arm , gently pluck out the arrow . isis cup she hand to she own mouth , and exhales life into she palm . it 's bright as the noon sun . isis press she life - force into Zaya 's chest . the wound seal . Zaya seem to glow from within ... isis whisper into she ear , gentle but insistent ... bek silently pray ... the glow fade from Zaya 's body . isis turn sadly to bek ... isis she have pass beyond where I can reach she . bek but you be a goddess ... isis 's shoulder sag under the weight of another defeat . another death . horus 's fist clench with helpless grief . hathor tear up . thoth bow he head in respect . bek sit in the dirt , stare vacantly . he 's empty . isis remove she own silky cape to wrap the dead Zaya , cocoon she in a burial shroud worthy of a god . isis May she find the joy deny to we . isis transform and fly away , alone once more . bek hand hathor the bracelet he steal ... bek punish I . hathor that 's not what I do . horus punch a nearby cliff side ... create a small cave . ( continued ) 83 . continued : ( 3 ) horus she need to be bury . int . zaya 's tomb the proper burial hieroglyphics be inscribe on the cave 's wall . Zaya 's wrap body be laid in state . thoth wave incense ... the smoke do not rise . it burrow into the earth ... thoth o thou who art everlasting , send you servant anubis to guide the dead to new life . a passage open in the smoky veil cloaking the floor ... anubis rise . the intimidating guide to the afterlife . a jackal ’'s head with fur black as the grave . a man 's body , taut and sinewy . yet he eye be strangely calming , promise absolute peace . on bek . unnerve ... anubis nod to the god , who return the courtesy . hathor put she bracelet on Zaya 's wrist . bek you would give she that ? hathor of course . anubis touch the bracelet , and a smoky outline of the treasure flow down into the passage ... anubis ( to Zaya 's body ) she be make mighty before ra . she shall enter the hide gate with power . anubis reach into the shroud body as if it be intangible , and pull out zaya by the hand . anubis ( to Zaya 's body ) you be release . ( continued ) 84 . continued : at first glance , Zaya seem alive ... but she skin have a smoky movement to it as well ... bek Zaya -- but Zaya can not hear he . she can only see that which lie before she ... anubis the door of earth be open to you . anubis lead Zaya down the passage open in the floor ... the path tunnel into the darkness of another dimension ... twelve gate mark the path -- ancient arch hewn from stone older than time . each Gate must be pass to reach the warm , bright light at the end . on bek . the light be beautiful , beckone in the distance ... anubis lead Zaya by the hand toward the first Gate ... on horus , look at bek lose he love forever ... there must be something he can do ... maybe there be . horus anubis , who direct you path ? anubis he who wear the crown of Egypt rule all Egypt . horus if I take the crown from set , I can command you to turn back ? anubis if I have not yet escort she through the twelfth Gate , she may return . but no one may leave the afterlife once enter . bek how long ? anubis the journey take twelve hour , one for every hour of the night . horus do I a favor . walk slowly . ( continued ) 85 . continued : ( 2 ) anubis as slowly as I dare . the smoke blows away , erase the passage . Zaya be go . horus ( to bek ) if set be slain before Zaya reach she journey 's end , I can bring she back to you . on bek . a rush of determination . and hope . ext . red desert - day horus , bek , hathor and thoth trudge through a sandstorm ... can not see more than a few inch in front of they ... all at once the storm clear as they reach the calm eye in the center of this hurricane ... set 's temple a massive pyramid . it seem smooth and sharp -edge ... but it 's make of blood red sand hold together by set 's magic . the pyramid 's surface be in constant motion , as if each grain of sand be alive ... the grind movement be as deafen as a waterfall . they move close enough for grain of sand to spit off and bite they cheek ... but bek can not see any visible opening . then the sand part , open a doorway into the pyramid ... after a moment it 's erase . another door open , then close ... a repeat invitation ... hathor I be here once ... bek do you go in one of that door ? hathor it be late . I be drunk . hathor would rather not talk about it ... hathor set tell I to keep close or I would never get out . I think I be go to be crush , but I follow he to a big metal wheel ... ( more ) ( continued ) 86 . continued : hathor ( cont 'd ) he turn it , and just like that , everything go still . on bek . how to get in ? the pyramid 's door continually OPEN and close ... beckone just long enough to seem like a real option ... bek ( to horus ) how long have we get ? horus focus he eye beyond we earthly realm ... horus 's p.o.v. Zaya and anubis walk under another arch on the afterlife path ... horus she pass the eleventh Gate . be quick . bek study the pattern of door open and close ... he see the answer . maybe . bek ever see the shell game ? ( they have not ) we mortal use it to swindle coin from fool . Three shell , pick the right one and you win . only you can not win . it 's fix . bek hope he 's right ... bek see you inside . bek ignore the open and close door . instead , bek sprint straight at the pyramid 's wall -- hathor grip horus 's wrist -- she think bek 's go to die -- bek run through the wall like a knife through a red wound -- int . set 's temple of shifting sand bek 's in a cavernous , disorient space out of m.c. escher 's nightmare . million of ton of sand flow in a mad architecture of archway , stairways and bridge ... form into solid stone for a moment ... than reverting back into river of sand . ahead , bek see the wheel hathor mention -- the mechanism that shut off the pyramid 's shifting sand . ( continued ) 87 . continued : the wheel be the only thing not move , attach to a solid post like the steering wheel on a ship . bek feel a rush of euphoria . maybe this be go to work -- the floor begin to disintegrate underfoot -- a flight of stair sail past ... no time to think about it . he leap onto the stair ... bound up as step melt behind he ... at the top , bek have a choice between two identical bridge straddle the swirl space ... but which one ? bek Roll the bone ... bek sprint onto one bridge ... as the other bridge be swept away in a eddy of sand . lucky , lucky . he 's still alive , but this be not sustainable . bek leap from solid rock to solid rock ... he glimpsis the wheel through the flow maze . before it 's gobble up again , bek jump off the edge -- onto a stone arch . he hold on ... riding the arch like a wave . just before it crumble he jump one last time ... falling through the red void -- bek grab onto the wheel for dear life . buffeted on all side ... bek will not let go . he manage to crank the wheel -- all at once the sand of set 's pyramid turn solid -- horus , hathor and thoth enter from a hallway that 's now just normal stone . horus ( slap bek on the back ) well do . thoth ( crack he knuckle ) which way to the sphinx ? int . inner chamber - set' pyramid horus , hathor , thoth and bek enter a great chamber . lit from below by flicker firelight . horus gird himself , spear raise ... as something huge emerge from the shadow : ( continued ) 88 . continued : the sphinx stare down . the head of a implacable man in royal headdress , atop the fearsome body of a lion . Golden fur rippling . spike tail sway ... the sphinx trespasper in the house of the king , answer my riddle or cease to be . horus confront the sphinx himself . horus why do you serve that murderous backstabber ? the sphinx a riddle for I , son of osiris ? ( answer matter - of - fact ) I serve the king . horus you be create to serve Egypt . the sphinx Egypt and the King be one . ( beat ) now answer my riddle , or cease to be . thoth go on . I be wait . the sphinx focus its menace on thoth . ask its riddle : the sphinx I never be , be always to be . no one ever see I , nor ever will . and yet I be the confidence of all who live and breathe . ( beat ) what be I ? second tick by as thoth think ... horus , bek and hathor wait ... thoth ( with certainty ) order . you be order . the sphinx attack thoth , blindingly fast -- ( continued ) 89 . continued : ( 2 ) horus grapple the sphinx , fur in he fist , barely prevent thoth 's decapitation . hathor and bek dodge the sphinx 's whipping tail ... horus ( to thoth ) try ... again ... please ... thoth that be a completely suitable answer . ( to the sphinx ) you be ... purity . wrong . the sphinx slam horus into the wall with earthquake force . thoth rack he brain . rattled now , off he game . thoth '' I never be , be always to be . no one ever see I , nor ever will . '' ( stream of consciousness ) in the future . nonexistent . yet it exist . ephemeral . imaginary . horus brace he forearm under the beast 's chin , jaw inch from he face ... its tail lash he ... horus can not keep this up long ... hathor and bek can only watch ... thoth '' and yet I be the confidence of all who live and breathe . '' live and breathe ... live and breathe ... bek stop think like a god . thoth ( snap ) then I might as well stop think . thoth glance at bek. clarity come ... thoth what be the confidence of mortal ? they life be so short , but they hope remain undimm for ... for ... the sphinx finally fling horus aside ... it rear up , ready to slay thoth -- ( continued ) 90 . continued : ( 3 ) thoth ( answer the riddle ) you be tomorrow . the sphinx sink to all four and turn to stone . do we detect relief on its face ? fairly defeat , it no longer must serve set . thoth ha ! I be thoth , God of knowledge , master of Truth . horus advance to a volcanic pit . it seem to go down forever . it be the primordial fire that begat the desert sand ... horus kneel at the edge and unsling he flask , fill with water of creation ... bek do it . horus pour the water into the pit ... in moment , the fire will be douse , and set 's power with it ... but the water merely splashes onto solid ground . wasted . horus ( confuse ) what ? where 's the pit ? the room seem to warp ... horus stagger , he sense confounded ... bek and hathor be disoriented , too ... horus realize they be in a trap . horus he 's here . on thoth . he stop short , stunne : set stand before he . he appear out of nowhere . set you be thoth , God of fool . set magically punch he hand though thoth 's forehead and pull out he brain . thoth 's essence look like smooth blue lapis in set 's hand . thoth crumple , babbling nonsense . horus squint in set 's direction ... unable to get a bead on he . set 's power of confusion have addle he sight ... ( continued ) 91 . continued : ( 4 ) set ( to horus ) thank you . you lure thoth from he library so I do not have to . set secure thoth 's brain into its place on he helmet . set the final piece . set stand back and behold he terrible masterpiece . the armor gleam with the spellbind power of the god . horus why steal so much power ? you be already stronger than anyone , except ... ( realize , alarmed ) ra. for this be set 's true target ... set ra have two son ... but he only grant one the power to give life . ( bitterly ) unlike osiris , I can never have a child . my child be nothing but wind and sand . horus have to snap himself out of set 's spell ... he slide he palm down the blade of he spear . welcome the pain ... set you be a failure , but at least my brother have someone to seek vengeance in he name . all I be will end with I ... so I choose never to end . I will take ra ' 's place in eternity . the pain allow horus to see set clearly : set seize hathor and drag she to the actual pit -- horus throws he spear at set -- the best aim he can muster -- but it only glance set 's cheek . set ( to hathor ) I will miss the wine . set fling hathor over the edge of the pit -- ( continued ) 92 . continued : ( 5 ) horus no -- horus dive after she -- into the pit falling ... horus grab hathor , both plummete toward the FIRE at the center of the world . horus grab a jutting ledge of stone . horus and hathor hang on for they very existence ... hathor ( to horus ) do not let go ... set above they casually glance down ... horus hug hathor to he chest ... kick a toehold . jam finger into stone . he climb , inch by inch ... but it 's clear he 's already lose . bek leans he shoulder against set 's armor , push it to the edge of the pit ... it totter precariously . another shove and it 's 1ll fall in . bek ( to set ) this important to you ? bek have set 's undivide attention . set stop. ( be : horus ) why would you fight a god 's war ? bek maybe he 's my friend ... set or maybe you have a deal with he . ( probing ) the girl who walk with anubis ? set can see he 's right . set it 's too late . ( continued ) 93 . continued : bek you be lie . set look into the Eye . bek stare into the '' Eye of horus '' gemstone on the helmet ... its magic allow bek to see into the beyond ... bek ’'s p.o.v . set be tell the truth . anubis guide Zaya through the twelfth and final Gate . she disappear into the light of the afterlife . bek be undone by sadness , the armor slipping in he grip ... set spare my armor , and I will help you . bek ( hollow ) you can not . set no King of Egypt can bring she back , now or ever ... but I can make you wealthy enough to buy you way into the afterlife . ( beat ) only there can you be reunite with you love . on horus , down in the pit ... still a long way to climb ... horus ( shout up to bek ) do not . on bek . in the depth of despair , he make he choice : bek pull the armor back from the edge and give it to set . set unlike some , my oath be good . on horus . his anger at bek blaze hot as the fire below . horus you white - liver mortal ... set above stands beside bek . bek 's shoulder bow . a break man . ( continued ) 94 . continued : ( 2 ) set wave he hand -- and a wall dissipate ... revealing a hoard of treasure . set my temple shall be you burial chamber . now you may pay anubis , and find the way open . set hand bek a bejewel dagger ... bek stare at it numbly . set if you have not the stomach for it , just wait a moment ... set gesture at the roof . obey he spell , the pyramid shudder . in a few minute it will collapse ... set exit with he armor . on bek . forlorn . Fine shower of sand already fall ... bek ( bitterly , off the treasure ) always want a big funeral . bek position the knife over he heart ... none of this be right and he know it ... bek ( to himself ) just close you eye and do it . bek put everything out of he mind . stop think about what you have do ... countdown to suicide : three , two ... horus swat away the knife before bek can drive it in -- the Son of osiris burn , wreathe in the FIRE of he anger . horus you deny I my vengeance ... hathor horus , do not -- horus shove the treasure into the pit . it melt to nothingness . with this vindictive act , horus deny bek the afterlife . horus ( to bek ) you will never see you love now . ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) horus be surprised bek do not rage back , or plead . have something to get off he chest . bek the night I lose Zaya to the slaver , I do not know what to do . I be lose . so I call out to you . to save she . and I . ( beat ) grow up , I think you be the bravest thing in all creation . so I hate you for not come to we rescue . horus do not know how to react to this ... horus I do not hear . bek no , you do not listen . 95 . but bek a section of the ceiling fall behind they ... soon the whole place will come tumble down ... bek sit and wait to die . bek ( despair ) I have finally learn the lesson of the god . we do not matter to you . even if we wish we do . on horus . profoundly move . here be this mortal , so fragile and yet so strong . but the selfish action of the god -- especially horus -- have crush bek 's spirit . horus 's anger subside . the flame wither away . molten sand cool to red glass . horus you do matter . horus humbly take a knee before bek . horus I be sorry . on bek . of all the improbable thing he 's see , horus on bend knee be the least likely . horus perhaps one day you 'il forgive I . ( continued ) 96 . continued : ( 4 ) bek we have both make mistake . avalanch of sand coming down all around they now ... horus then there 's much we still must do . but first , I swear you will not be bury here . horus spot the giant wheel through crumble wall ... and tear it off its post . hathor scoops up thoth 's body ... horus hold the wheel over they head like a shield ... horus stay close -- the entire pyramid of sand come crashing down around they -- on horus , muscle strain against the thunder downpour ... until we can see only red . ext . great obelisk - heliopolis - sunset the great obelisk stand like a colossal stone sword . now finished , stabbing the heaven ... set be pleased . urshu , the overseer , and thousand of slave bow before he . set ( address the slave ) you task be complete at the hour I demand . you have earn a great honor . overseer force the slave inside the obelisk ... set you will serve I for eternity . set slide a massive slab across the door , sealing they in . inside the obelisk slave pound desperately against unyield stone . envelop in darkness . the older woman slave drop to she knee ... older woman slave _. ( praying ) . ; hail horus , Son of osiris , he with golden eye like the noonday sun . ( more ) ( continued ) 97 . continued : older woman slave ( cont 'd ) we be you follower . please deliver we . hopeless man why pray ? he be not come . ext . top of the obelisk - sunset at the obelisk 's high peak , the evening sky 's purple canopy be close enough to touch ... set fasten he armor . don he helmet . extends he wing . as the SUN dip to the horizon ... ra 's boat sail above he . set launch himself off the obelisk . fly like a glider ... Air current silently lift he wing through the darken sky , toward ra 's boat ... ext . ra' boat - dusk ra crank out the last link of the chain to the sun ... let he boat drift into darkness . he stand at the bow , spear ready ... set land quietly behind ra ... and pull he cloak around himself to conceal the armor . set gaze down at the shimmer nile ... set ( off the view ) it be never suppose to be so green . ra turn at set 's voice -- surprised to see he . RA set . it must have take great effort to get up here . you always be clever . set how else could we speak ? you do not let you foot touch Egypt 's sand . RA you contending with horus be not my concern . leave I to prepare for my nightly chore . Movement in the deep as ra 's boat near the demon apophis ... ( continued ) 98 . continued : set you have nothing more to say ? much history have be write since last we speak . RA you come all this way to hear my word ? hear they then , and carry they in you heart . ( harsh ) if my foot be on Egypt 's sand , osiris would not have be the son who die . on set . it cut deep , even after all that 's come to pass . the echo of apophis 's starve growl shake the boat ... RA ( to set ) now go . the hour come for I to turn back chaos . set why ? set brandish he scepter ... ra turn on set with fury ... RA you raise you arm against I ? ra strike the upstart set with a blast of solar FIRE from he spear . burning light envelop set ... ra watch with emotion the seem death of he son at he own hand . but as the light dim , set remains stand . RA no god could withstand that ... set I be not just one god . set 's cloak have burn away , revealing the armor beneath ... the jewele body part still hot with ra 's light . set hammer ra with he scepter -- ra tumble off the boat , stunne , into the ocean of darkness ... ( continued ) 99 . continued : ( 2 ) set apophis , quench you thirst . the darkness uncoil ... ext . red desert - night a fist punch up from the sand ... horus rise , help up hathor . bek behind they . they all gulp in cool night air . the stone sphinx be reveal , half - bury , rise from the desert floor ... where it can still be see to this day . what look like a bright STAR fall from the heaven ... ra. hathor ( be : set ) he do it . at the far rim of the world , a blackness darker than night be brewing ... int . great obelisk - night the older woman slave still pray ... around she , moan and the occasional sob . the air in the obelisk be run out . older woman slave ( weakly ) hail horus , Son of osiris ... he with golden eye like the noonday sun ... we be you ... follower . please ... from outside , a fist hammer through the stone ... light pour in ... slave blink at the radiance ... horus ( from outside ) I hear you ... outside the obelisk horus smashes OPEN the door ... horus ... and you shall be freed . bek watch the slave run out of the obelisk ... they face shine with gratitude . ( continued ) 100 . continued : bek that be a great thing you do . horus I do what any king would do for he people . on bek . do horus just say '' king ? '' bek think you do not want to be king ? horus ( clasp bek 's shoulder ) I just have not get to know my people . horus radiate a power and grandeur bek 's never see in he before . horus ( off the slave ) they will not truly be free until set 's curse be cleanse from they flesh . apophis 's infernal roar make the ground tremble . unnatural night cloak the horizon . this thing of nightmare travel in a haze of darkness . approach fast ... bek what be it ? horus apophis . the demon of Chaos . it 's draw to the Nile , the source of all life . bek why ? horus to drink it . bek look around at lush , green Egypt ... his home . he pale at the think of its destruction . horus only ra can banish apophis . ( point ) but he need that . ra' spear stick up from the center of a impact crater . ( continued ) 101 . continued : ( 2 ) horus if we return he spear to he , he will be revive . the SOUND of beat wing overhead ... set descend from the sky ... blocking bek and horus from ra 's spear . set 's surprised horus be alive -- but not that surprised . set you could have go peacefully into the fire . ( to bek ) and you reject my gift . behind set , urshu lead a cadre of soldier to ra 's spear ... urshu wrench the heavy spear from the ground ... set ( to urshu ) take it into the obelisk . ten mountain - worth of stone will bury ra 's spear forever . urshu heave ra 's spear over he shoulder , carry it toward the obelisk . the rest of the Soldiers flank they god ... .».. as set ready he scepter to take on horus . horus ( to bek ) get the spear . bek ( off set ) he ’1ll kill you . horus not right away . ( a farewell ) you be a good man . bek sprint after urshu ... apophis 's roar rattles the world . the blackness blotting the horizon take serpentine form ... set come at horus , scepter swinging . horus parry -- but set be stronger since they last fight . and horus weaker . the force of set 's blows knock horus to he knee . ( continued ) 102 . continued : ( 3 ) set you overestimate yourself . I suppose the son always become the father . horus not always . set cock back for another brutal swing -- suddenly set 's own Soldiers attack he . harmless , yet distracting as a swarm of fly . set ( angrily , to he Soldiers ) what be you think ? hathor maybe they have finally realize what a jackass you be . on hathor , nearby . she 's use she power of suggestion to control set 's Soldiers like marionette . set knock aside he mesmerize Soldiers ... but it allow horus precious second to get to he foot ... horus ( to hathor ) get back -- too late . set slam hathor with he scepter . at the sight of he fall beloved , horus 's rage explode . horus if you have kill she ... horus rush to hathor 's side . she 's alive , but unconscious . set I will not until I have have she one last time . we will use you corpse for a bed . emanating heat , horus charge set -- set overturn a big urn from among the stockpile of building supplies . liquid flow across horus 's path ... it 's oil . set smirk . he 's bait horus once again . set burn . ( continued ) 103 . continued : ( 4 ) a flood of oil that could light a thousand lamp now splashes across horus 's scalding foot ... his anger spark a small flower of flame . the fire lick the surface ... growing ... horus take a breath . bek 's word echoing in he head ... horus ( to himself ) remember who you be ... horus cool . to set 's dismay , horus press he palm on the grow flame ... and extinguish it . set be not you angry ? surely you mother 's cry still echo in you ear ? you father 's sunder corpse still stain you mind ? horus today I be not a son avenge he father . ( beat ) I be a king protect he people . set you be not king yet . horus attack . drive set down a loading canal use for ferry block of limestone ... all the way to the dock on the shore of the nile hundred of boat here -- all abandon now . horus jab set in the chest . set stagger ... but _in he armor , set can not be harme . set angry or calm , it make no difference . it 's too late now . horus watch in horror as the forest on the far shore shake ... tree uproote ... the demon apophis slither into the nile , send wave crash ashore ... a wall of water sweep horus and set onto a sailboat . apophis begin to drink the Nile . its gargantuan mouth suck in water like a vortex into hell . ( continued ) 104 . continued : ( 5 ) horus and set 's boat be pulled away from shore by the current , along with every boat on the river ... int . great obelisk - heliopolis bek enter the obelisk 's pitch black cavernous space ... he can hear urshu 's footstep ahead ... then the quiet echoing of a cranked lever -- a ominous rumble ... whether by machination , magic , or both ... the obelisk be start to fall . shaft of light angle through crack in the miles-high interior ... as the light increase , bek notice he stand amongst rope on pulley , hang like cable to the star ... bek spot urshu in the center of the obelisk ... urshu place ra 's spear on the floor and await he doom ... bek you pick the wrong god to follow . urshu oh ? horus be out there die . chunks of stone rain down around they ... bek so will you . urshu I be the richest man in Egypt . soon I all be in the afterlife . but you will be nowhere . urshu grin at bek as a massive piece of stone plummet down at they -- bek grab a rope and swing ... pluck ra 's spear off the floor in the nick time -- urshu_is crushed . bek , ra 's spear in hand , run for the exit ... horus and set on the river duel on the out -of-control sailboat ... every time apophis swallows , it pull they sailboat a little closer to its giant maw ... ( continued ) 105 . continued : hundred of boat clog the river , all colliding ... a grow logjam draw inexorably toward destruction ... horus 's spear send up SPARKS every time it glance off set 's impenetrable armor ... set why keep fight ? horus be flagging ... none of he blow matter . a galleon smashes into the sailboat , as boat pile on top of one another in the diminish space -- apophis 's gaping mouth rise over they like a black hole -- horus transform into a falcon ... fly off the sailboat just before it 's eaten by the demon . wing beat to escape the gale force draft , the falcon barely make it -- back to shore a scepter slam the falcon out of the sky -- wield by set in he flying armor . the falcon crash ... transforming back into the shape of a batter man . set ( savagely ) I want you to hurt . because they all love you , no matter what you do ... on bek . watch helplessly ... set heft he scepter two-hand ... bring it down upon horus with such force the earth split beneath he . horus lie stunne ... set no matter that you be not worthy . bek desperately rush set , a meaningless attack -- set seize bek by the throat , hold the mortal close . set you could have be in the next life with a gentle breeze at you cheek . ( continued ) 106 . continued : bek I want to give you back you dagger . bek stab set with the bejewel dagger -- bek for horus . the dagger melt against the god 's armor like butter . set swat bek aside with a awful crack -- bek land in a heap , fragile bone shattered . horus kneel by he . horus '' for horus ? '' bek ( painfully chuckle ) too much ? they clasp hand . Brothers in this battle for creation . horus wheel on set , raise he spear -- set look upon horus ... but something 's different : horus be look at he with both he eye . on bek , smile through the pain . quick flashback : set 's eye misdirect on the dagger in bek 's right hand , while the leave snatch horus 's eye from the helmet ... back to scene alarm , set claw at he helmet 's visor ... there be a hole where horus 's eye use to be . set no ... horus 's p.o.v . a clear shot at the chink in set 's helmet -- horus throws he spear -- this time , it fly razor - straight , cleave set 's head with a_burst of white fire . ( continued ) 107 . continued : ( 2 ) horus stalk to set 's twitching body , tear off the armor , and pull set 's heart from he chest . horus go back to nothing . horus throws set 's essence into apophis 's hungry mouth . as a billion tooth gnash it ... set turn to dust . his armor a empty shell ... the multitude of slave feel they skin heal , as they brand vanish along with set 's curse ... but the unquenchable apophis keep drink ... horus transform into a falcon ... soar into the sky with ra 's spear in its talon -- ext . the ocean at the edge of the world ra float unconscious in the storm - toss sea of darkness ... the falcon horus bite ra 's shoulder ... ra 's eye snap OPEN . ext . along the nile river - night ra descend in all he glory . RA enough , beast . ra unleash a STORM of solar FIRE from he spear -- apophis bellows , but this time in fear . the demon retreat across the horizon ... go back to the darkness . horus rush to bek 's side ... he 's die . but he look at the world he 's save with satisfaction . horus be you sure you be not a god ? bek what would I be the god of ? stupidity ? horus the impossible . bek like that ... until the pain edge think away . bek 's wound finally overcome he . he die . ( continued ) 108 . continued : horus bow he head in grief . anubis my king . grim anubis salute the new ruler of Egypt . anubis Command I as you will . on horus . it have not occur to he until now that the crown be he ... he gaze at the body of he fall friend . horus take he to he love . ext . the path to the afterlife anubis guide bek along the path , emptiness to he leave and right ... past the twelfth Gate , the afterlife beckon ... bek leave all the burden of the past behind as he gratefully step into the light . int . zaya 's tomb - later horus sadly place bek 's linen - wrap body next to Zaya 's ... he feel a thrum of power as ra himself enter . the tomb distort around he -- for what earthly room can hold the majesty of the sun ? RA I have never be in debt . and yet I be in debt to you , grandson . ( beat ) ask whatever you will that we might balance the scale . Mountains will kneel before you . the wind will do you bid . answer quickly , for apophis still hunger , night be always come , and my blade be dull . horus once I have have take such power for myself ... ( off bek 's body ) but now I want nothing -- except what 's impossible for I to give . we push in to bek 's wrap body ... ( continued ) 109 . continued : a burst of pure light and ra be gone . the room reshape ... bek sit up , bound in the linen . horus unwrap he friend . bek look around , try to get he bearing ... bek be i? horus back ? yes. ( point ) you might want to help she . bek see Zaya be similarly struggle to unwrap herself . bek unwrap Zaya ... her green eye flash , alive and happy . the lover embrace . together at last . horus gather they both in a big bear hug . horus ( greeting Zaya ) I be horus . zaya my lord ... Zaya bow to he , overwhelm . bek ( to horus ) I think this be impossible ? horus impossible ? yes . bek smile . touche . ext . set' palace - day a great crowd . human from all walk of life . god of all shape and size . everyone gather for the coronation . behind the throne , bek stand dress in royal finery , Zaya at he side . all the major god be present . among they , nephthys flexe she restore wing ... above , the sun shine . squint and you can see ra 's boat , dependable as clockwork ... thoth finally soak up the sun 's embrace with pleasure ... ( continued ) 110 . continued : hathor gaze at horus , beam with love ... horus kneel ... as isis place the double Crown of Egypt on he head . a reconciliation for mother and son . isis my heart be find . horus address the crowd ... horus what happen to a man when he must buy he way into the life after death ? he will lie , cheat , steal , kill , and enslave to gather the treasure he need . and what of that man who will never be rich enough ? if they cause be hopeless , why would they act any better ? ( beat ) from this moment on , the afterlife must be earn not with gold , but by good deed , compassion and generosity . to you who have little worldly treasure , the door be now open to you . to you who have much , you rich will mean nothing when you die . ( beat ) this life matter . cheer for the King . on horus . he feel the North wind softly blow ... and he know that he father be proud . bek ( low , to horus ) the day you finally make I rich , you do this ? thoth ( to horus , peeve ) just like that you be change the rule of the afterlife ? without first consulting the God of wisdom ? horus yes . ( continued ) lll . continued : ( 2 ) thoth this system will never work . who 's to judge whether a man be worthy or not ? horus you recognize truth , do not you ? thoth yes , but ... horus you be hire . ext . path to the afterlife urshu arrogantly pass through the twelfth Gate on he way to the afterlife -- when anubis stop . urshu ( to anubis , irritate ) have you not be pay ? thoth block the path to the afterlife . thoth you need only answer my question and I will judge its truth . ( beat ) be you a good man ? urshu the best . thoth the only one who believe that be you . thoth jerk he head to anubis , who toss urshu off the path , into nothingness . ext . heliopolis - day all across heliopolis , the people be rebuild ... no longer slave . horus and bek on a balcony look across the Nile Valley ... and beyond , at the encroach desert . they be blow by a gritty gust of wind ... horus I hate the sand . ( continued ) 112 . continued : bek get use to it . horus spot hathor below , surround by admirer ... she will not meet horus 's eye even though she know he 's watch . horus she 's in a mood . I can not tell if she 's mad I have not yet ask she to be queen -- or if she 's mad that I be go to ask she and she do not want a husband . bek you want my counsel as Chief advisor to the King ? horus tell she about the first time I see she , right ? something about sunset ... bek just go to she bedchamber . ( beat ) and bring the crown . ext . desert - day thoth 's voice speak to we ... Egypt look like the arid land we now know . thoth 's voice and so Egypt be save . but the God of the Desert forever leave he mark on we once green paradise ... ( sigh ) so much for we great creation -- which I suppose must now be man , by default . perhaps in time you will be ready to rule yourselves . until then , remember well as you travel you path toward the afterlife ... ( beat ) be good -- or I nil know . the end