a_ legal mind written by Aaron korsh Sixth revise Network draft December 3rd , 2009 a legal mind 1. act one int . lsat testing facility - afternoon we open on a sign in large letter , '' 30 minute left . '' as a hand replace '' 30 '' with '' 15 ; " '' reveal a large room fill with college student furiously racing to finish the lsat test . we pan across to the one figure who seem unfaze . mike ross ( Met hat , short - hair , glass , goatee ) have already finish and be doodling on the back of the test . Mike notice a proctor walk by , look at he curiously . he quickly turn the test over and pretend to nervously work on it . we speed up time as the '' minute left '' sign go from '' 10 '' to '' 5 " to 4,3 , 2 , 1 . finally the proctor yell : proctor time 's up . pencils down . Mike blend in with the student and toss he test on the pile . as he leave , the proctor move the pile to the side , leave Mike 's test on top , then he tap Mike from behind . proctor Excuse I . do I know you from somewhere ? we see anxiety momentarily cross Mike 's face . he swallow , then turn around to see the proctor look at he intently . mike I do not think so . I have a very good memory for face . the proctor shrug , he must be wrong . Mike walk away . the proctor hesitates , think to himself , then turn to pick up Mike 's test ; the pile 's knock over , no way to tell which be the one he want . he turn back ; no Mike . he yell ... proctor hey ! he fight through a group of student to get out the door ... int . hallway outside lsat test - continuous Mike 's just outside the door . he break into a run around the corner to a door at the end of the hall . no good , jamme with student , he will not have time to get through . as he run to he right , he trip over a guy wearing a met shirt . a legal mind 2 . int . lsat test facility / hallway - continuous the proctor burst through the throng of student and run to the door where Mike just be . he see Mike from behind . he grab he , turn he around ... it 's not Mike . the guy with the Met shirt be now wear Mike 's met 's cap . the proctor look down the hall , see a man 's room and run toward it . int . men 's room - continuous Mike be in a stall . without he Met cap , he hair come down to he shoulder . he quickly remove he glass and the fake goatee he have on and flush they . he exit the stall , look 100 % different than he do second ago ... int . hallway outside men 's room - continuous a transformed Mike walk back down the hall with confidence . he do not break stride as the proctor run by without even notice he existence . a small smile cross he face ... int . a SMALL apartment - later Mike knock on the door of a apartment . it open . the young man look exactly like Mike do at the lsat 's . short hair , glass , goatee . Mike return he driver 's license . mike here . young man what do you get I ? mike what I say I be go to ... a 158 . young man I tell you I want a 175 . mike and I tell you only one out of hundred people can score that . you be a b-minus student who get a thousand on the sat 's . I get you a 175 they 's 1ll know you cheat . young man so only a genius loser can get a 175 ? mike actually , I would get a 180 . now , can I have my money please ? the Young man hand Mike a wad of cash . Mike count it . a legal mind 3 . mike this be only half . young man then why do not you go call the police ? the Young man slam the door in Mike 's face . ext . manhattan skyline - 9:00 pm we pan across the water to the facade of a gorgeous office complex at the southern tip of the city . the office in the building be all dark . except one . we zoom in : int . state of the art conference room - continuous two highly pay team of lawyer scream across the sleekest conference table ever make . a young lawyer , louis litt , ( 33 , slick , arrogant ) quietly exit . int . hallway / katherine pearson 's office - continuous Louis be in the doorway of , '' Katherine pearson , manage partner . '' Louis knock . Katherine ( 50' , distinguished ) do not look up . louis we have a problem . the deal 's fall apart . katherine go get harvey . int . park avenue condominium - same five well - heele man play poker in the most expensive condo in Manhattan . close on harvey specter , 42 , with clooney look . he 's fit , confident , take pride in be well - dress . he watch as the river card be turn ... a grey haire man smile at harvey as he push in he chip . grey hair raise fifty thousand . harvey I be all in . harvey smile back as he push a stack of chip three time the size of grey Hair 's bet into the pot . int . katherine pearson 's office - same Katherine be still at she desk . Louis knock again . a legal mind 4 . louis Gerald tate be here . he want to know what 's happen to he deal . katherine Louis , do not I tell you to get harvey ? louis trust I , I can handle Gerald tate . Katherine look up as if notice Louis for the first time . katherine no . you can not . int . park avenue condominium - same harvey and grey Hair be where we leave they . harvey the problem be , if you call , I be go to turn over two ace , and you will lose . grey hair yeah , yeah . and if I fold , you will show I the bluff and it 'il kill I . harvey if you fold , I be not show you anything . a beat . grey Hair push he chip in . harvey throw he card down , revealing two ace ... harvey that 's two hundred thousand . ( read a text message , then ) you can pay I later ... I have get to go . int . katherine pearson' office - 10:00 pm gerald tate ( 55 , street smart , ex-prize fighter ) yell at Katherine . harvey saunter in unnotice in he $ 4000 suit . gerald I do not care who 's on he way . I be pay you million , and you be tell I I be go to get screw ?! harvey Katherine , have I come at a bad time ? she crack a smile . the cavalry be here . she hand harvey a stack of deal memo . harvey proceed to examine they . a legal mind a moment . katherine Gerald , I would like you to meet harvey specter . he 's we best attorney . gerald if you be they best attorney , where the hell have you be the last three hour ? harvey speak calmly while scan the memo . harvey well , Gerald , I specialize in troubled situation . and when I leave here at 7:00 pm this deal be not in jeopardy . so , what I be try to do now be understand what happen in the interim . gerald we keep raise the price and they keep rejecting it . it 's last minute bad faith bullshit . harvey ignore Gerald and continue scan . harvey it say here Cooper 's no longer stay on as honorary vice President . gerald that 's right . I do not want he around . harvey he ... would not be around . it 's a honorary position . gerald I do not give a crap . harvey put the memo down and look Gerald in the eye . harvey I think you do . because that 's what change since I leave . which mean it 's you who 's be deal in bad faith . gerald well , now that you have get a handle on what 's happen in the God damn interim , what be you go to do about it ? because he 's not get that title . harvey casually pour a glass of water . a legal mind 6 . he offer harvey let I just make sure I understand . we negotiate a deal that get you everything you want . Mr. Cooper sign it . and now you will not close until we take away the last shred of he dignity ? gerald bingo . harvey well , that 's not go to happen . the water . Gerald look at it with contempt , then : gerald why the hell not ? harvey because I like Mr. Cooper . and my firm do not operate in bad faith . harvey drink the water himself . gerald how I see it be , instead of work Cooper , you be work I . so take you faggoty attitude back in there and make he sign my deal or I will pay someone else you money to do it for I . harvey first of all , Gerald , if you think anyone be gonna touch this deal after you bad faith , you be mistaken . second , the way we agreement work be the minute Cooper sign the deal that give you everything you want , we fee be due and payable . harvey reach into he jacket pocket . harvey which be why at 7:30 , I receive confirmation of a wire transfer from escrow indicate payment in full . he remove a fax . harvey I would say the ball 's in you court , but the truth be you ball be in my fist . I apologize if that image be too faggoty for you , but I be comfortable enough with my manhood to put it out there . a legal mind 7 . harvey hold out the fax to Gerald , who be dumbstruck . harvey now get you ass in there and close this God damn deal . gerald ( to Katherine ) you let he talk to I like this ? katherine harvey speak for the firm . Gerald exit the office . Katherine lean in to harvey . katherine we get pay before Gerald sign the deal ? harvey this be a memo about some fire drill on Tuesday . by the way , you be blue team captain . you get to wear a fire hat . int . trevor steven 's condominium —- continuous leather couch , plasma tv , weed on the table ; this be the pad of a bachelor with serious disposable income . trevor , clean cut , 22 , suit and tie , take a bite of a cheeseburger and savor it . Mike look at the bong , shake he head to himself and then turn to trevor .. mike I have get to get my shit together . trevor this be the best cheeseburger I have ever have in my life . mike it 's from Monday . trevor , I be serious . I almost get catch today , then my client stiffe I for half . I be sick of this life . I have gotta stop get stone and get my act together . trevor dude , look at I . you can bake up and still be a success . mike you sell pot for a live . a legal mind 8. trevor it still sap the motivation . look , all I be say be , you want in , you be in . mike that 's basically you offer before I get catch cheating on you math test in third grade . trevor goddamn memory . mike and by the way , it 's you offer on every shady thing you have get I involved in . trevor how be I suppose to know that chick be the dean 's daughter ? look , nobody 's ever go to suspect you be a dealer . trevor indicate he clean cut image and suit and tie . trevor look at I . this be a two - thousand dollar suit , I have get twelve of they . trevor start count on he finger . trevor I have a office , I take on real software project , my client wear suit ... they give I briefcase of cash , I give they identical briefcase with vacuum seal bud . I be tell you , hide in plain sight ... oldest trick in the book . mike so what do you need I for ? trevor I leave town tomorrow , I have get a client come in want to meet at the ritz . I need somebody I trust to make the drop . it 's totally safe . come on , help I out . mike you know , one stand a great chance of die while deal drug than on death row in Texas . which beg the question : why would anyone deal drug ? trevor what be you talk about ? a legal mind 9 . mike it 's from '' freakonomics , '' which I suggest you read . but whether you do or you do not , you will have to find someone else , because I be not interested . jenny ( 0.s. ) not interested in what ? jenny griffith , trevor 's girlfriend , have enter the condo without they notice . she 's 22 , dress like a student , and have no idea that trevor deal pot . trevor be defensive . trevor what be you do here ? I think you be sleep at you place tonight . jenny ( what he should have say ) hey , sweetie , what a pleasant surprise . I be so glad you stop by . she kiss trevor then turn to Mike . jenny not interested in what ? Mike and trevor share a look , '' what should we say ? '' mike trevor 's try to set I up . jenny ( cover ) that 's terrific . who 's the lucky girl ? trevor I be try to get he to work for I . jenny ( brighten ) that 's a great idea . it would take some stress off of trevor . and you have pick up write code like you do everything else . mike I be gonna take off . I have get to get up early to see my grandmother . as Mike head out , Jenny squeeze he hand . int . manhattan upscale bar - later that night harvey and Katherine sit surround by beautiful people . a legal mind 10 . katherine by the way , I have set up a meeting with you and John dockery next week . harvey dockery ? he 's skadden 's biggest client . katherine not anymore . he 's look around . he 's ask we to do a preliminary evaluation of he corporate structure and assess where he 's vulnerable to a takeover . I want you to charm he and close he . harvey consider it do . a stun waitress approach with they drink . as Katherine take hers , she indicate harvey to the waitress . katherine miss , you be look at the best closer this city have ever see . harvey ( to waitress , not embarrassed ) Katherine , please you be embarrassing I . waitress closer , huh ? Baseball ? harvey Attorney . I close situation . waitress so all you care about be money ? harvey the truth be ... I do it for the child . waitress handsome , wealthy , and funny ... what do you think you be some kind of super hero ? harvey I do not like to toot my own horn . I feel that question be best answer by one of the many people whose life I have save . she laugh . waitress I be Lisa . a legal mind 11 . harvey harvey . lisa well , harvey , I do not usually do this , but I be off in ten minute . you want to take I out for a drink ? harvey you timing could not be more perfect . Katherine here be just leave . Katherine be just start to sip she full drink . int . mike 's studio apartment - next morning the unit 's barely larger than the table at the law firm . Mike be asleep on a pullout that take up the entire place . a alarm ring . Mike hit snooze and go back to sleep . int . exquisite west end town home - same Katherine be eat a early breakfast with she mentor , phillip , a distinguished man in he seventies . his elegantly appoint home resemble the Metropolitan Museum of Art . katherine .+- point be I can see myself step down as senior partner in five year . phillip seem like it 's only be ten minute since I hand the rein to you . katherine it have not . time just move a lot faster when you be a hundred and sixty . she smile . there 's a pause ... phillip what 's the matter ? katherine how do you know I be you successor ? phillip the truth ? my gut . it tell I you be the only one with the ball for the job . katherine that 's what I be afraid you be go to say . my gut tell I it 's harvey . but my heart tell I he 's not ready . a legal mind 12 . phillip what 's he miss ? katherine compassion . phillip make sense . the killer instinct that make he a great lawyer be what concern you about make he senior partner . katherine exactly . if the leader of a firm do not care about the people who work for he or the client he represent ... there will not be much of a firm leave to lead . Phillip refill she coffee . phillip you know , you be not completely ready . and he do have some year to learn . katherine but compassion . I be not sure you can learn that . phillip what be you go to do about it ? katherine what would you do about it ? phillip a man 's miss compassion ? I would shove it down he throat . katherine how ? phillip I imagine the opportunity will present itself . int . harvey' bedroom - same expansive , overlook Central Park ... if this bedroom be a apartment , it have go for $ 7,000 a month . harvey lean over a sleep Lisa , the waitress from the night before and give she a kiss . she look at the time . harvey Lisa , this be lovely , but it 's time to go . I need to be in the office by 7:30 . a legal mind 13 . lisa can not we hang out a little ? I can make you some breakfast . harvey as tempting as that sound , I be afraid I hate to miss a workout , and I really want to get into the office before 7:30 . lisa that 's too bad . I be think maybe you could eat it off my stomach . she pull she shirt up . harvey take in she fantastic body . harvey I guess if I skip the gym , I can still get in by nine . int . nursing home hallway / mikea grandmother 's room - later Mike walk with the head physician at he grandmother 's nursing home , doctor shrager . she 's a kindly , older woman . doctor shrager you grandmother 's get worse . I need to move she to full care , or I will have to transfer she to a state facility . mike I will not put she in a state facility . doctor shrager then you 'il have to come up with $ 10,000 . mike then I will . they stop outside a room . shrager pat Mike affectionately , then exit . Mike 's grandmother ( 75 , frail ) be read . he approach she . they hug . Mike see she med on the table . mike I hear you be not take you pill . grammy because they be try to poison I . mike that 's nonsense . Doctor shrager assure I she would not poison you until January at the earliest . she reach this year 's quota , and if she do it before January , she can not count it as a 2009 poisoning . a legal mind 14 . she eye Mike suspiciously , then take the pill . mike now what do I teach you ? she and Mike tap fist . grammy Michael , I be worried about you . I be not go to be around forever , and -- I want you to stop with that ... stuff . mike you ... know about that ? grammy I have get early stage Alzheimer 's , I be not a idiot . I know life 's be hard for you , and you go look for comfort . but comfort have consequence . you be not a kid anymore . I want you to promise you will start live up to you potential . mike I promise . she take she book and start read . Mike see the book be upside down . he tear up and walk out . int . katherine 's office / hallway - 9:30 am harvey enter to see Katherine and Louis . louis 9:30 . Nice of you to join we , harvey . and I see you be dress like a pimp . harvey my bad , Louis , I be out late after the huge deal I close for the firm last night , and when I wake up , this be the suit you wife pick out for I . harvey casually take a sip of he coffee . katherine move along . harvey , interview be set up at the ritz tomorrow . harvey what ? why do not we just hire that Harvard summer intern douche ? a legal mind katherine I think if you listen to the phrasing of that question , you 'il come up with the answer . harvey what do you expect from Harvard ? Book smart , no street smart . we need people with ball who can think on they foot , not another clone with a rod up he ass . louis harvey , the fact that we only hire from Harvard give we a cache that 's more valuable than a kid from suny binghamton . harvey indicate that he can not hear ... harvey Louis , if you be go to talk out of you ass , you have to remove the rod . katherine you go to Harvard Law . harvey I be a exception . katherine then find another one . harvey then let I skip the recruiting . I work alone anyway . katherine I would , harvey , but all partner get a associate . it 's just a rule . Louis , catch off -guard turn to Katherine heatedly . louis what ? I deserve that partnership . I run the lower level associate , my billable hour destroy he and I be here night and day do whatever 's ask of I instead of swanning in and out whenever I please . harvey I have to admit , he do make I sound very swan-like . a legal mind 16 . louis watch it , harvey . you be not partner yet , and I have be a attorney here two year longer than you . harvey yet the only skill you have develop be kissing Katherine 's ass . katherine harvey , you win , shut up . Louis , this be how it be . now you two make nice . harvey Louis , I be sorry . I be out of line with the ass-kiss comment and I apologize . harvey hold he hand out . Louis reluctantly shake it . harvey now if you will excuse I , I have to call you wife and tell she the man she love just make partner . ( off Katherine 's disapproval ) what ? too far ? come on , it 's my way of show there 's no hard feeling . int . nursing home hallway / lobby - moment later Mike walk through the hallway . he dial he cell . then : mike ( into phone ) trevor , I be in . one time deal , I want twenty - five . take it or leave it . int . drug dealer' live room - new jersey - same trevor 's with three well-dressed men hold weapon . they be surround by briefcase fill with cash and marijuana . intercut trevor and Mike . trevor ( into phone ) I all take it . there 's a briefcase in my room with the stuff , pick it up tomorrow . but you can not take it into a luxury hotel look like a delivery guy . so you need to shave , get a haircut and buy a suit . mike ( into phone ) that 's a hell of a lot to ask . trevor ( into phone ) I be not just ask you . I be pay you twenty - five thousand dollar . a legal mind 17 . int . hallway outside harvey' office - continuous harvey approach he career - long secretary , donna . she 's in she 30' , good -look , and would take a bullet for harvey . harvey donna , clear my day tomorrow . you and I be hire a new associate . donna done . harvey check to make sure no one 's look . then , quietly : harvey do this suit make I look like a pimp ? donna hold out she palm , indicate maybe . int . drug dealer' live room - new jersey - same trevor hang up the phone and turn to the main dealer . trevor he 's in . I be gonna grab a beer . trevor exit . the main dealer turn to a underl . dealer # 1 good . in twenty four hour we ’1ll know if this new buyer 's a cop . int . hallway outside drug dealer' live room - continuous trevor turn back around -- he forget something . he hear ... dealer # 2 ( 0.s. ) why do not you tell trevor he might be send the guy into set up ? dealer # 1 ( 0.s. ) same reason I do not tell gina I be bangin’ she sister . it will only cause trouble ... the dealer and he croney laugh . trevor 's face fall as Dealer # 1 come around the corner . trevor smile weakly ... trevor I be just think I should get go . dealer # 1 no . you should not . end of act one a legal mind 18 . act two int . trevor steven 's condominium —- next morning Mike , clean cut and wear a suit , grab the briefcase and head for the door . Jenny enter . Mike be startle . mike you scared the hell out of I . jenny sorry . look at you . you look great . tell I you decide to work with trevor . mike Trial basis . what be you do here ? jenny wanna hear something ridiculous ? my mom be come by my place later and I do not want to mess it up , so I be hang here . mike that 's not so bad . jenny that 's not the ridiculous part . after I finish scour the place for she visit , I sprinkle a tee -ny bit of crumb around . mike why ? jenny because I do not want she to think I scour the place just for she visit . mike that be ridiculous . jenny I know . that 's what I just say . Mike and Jenny share a smile . he start out , she stop he . jenny you want to look perfect you first day . Jenny fix Mike 's tie , it 's very intimate . she finish , notice he 's stare at she . a moment , then : jenny do you ever wonder what would have happen if you and I have meet first ? a legal mind 19 . mike ( beat ) I have get to go . int . ritz - carlton - suite 205 outer room - same donna sit at a desk , wait for the wave of interviewee . harvey poke he head out of the inner room . harvey donna , do I a favor , give each guy a hard time before you send he back . then give I a wink if they say something clever . donna what be you look for ? harvey I have gotta work with this guy a long time . I have get to understand he , relate to he , and trust he . which mean I be look for another I . donna get it . witty , charming , ballsy , think he 's the smartest one in the room ... harvey that 's why I love you . you get I . int . ritz - carlton HOTEL - lobby - a little later Mike enter to see a group of student under a sign : '' Harvard Law interview : suite 205 . " they be dress like Mike : blue suit , white shirt , blue tie . Mike head inside , nervous . int . ritz - carlton - suite 205 outer room - minute later a young , straight - lace applicant stand in front of donna . donna what give you the nerve to think we be go to let the whitest person I have ever see interview for we law firm ? interviewee # 1 I ... because ... I have a appointment . harvey check to see if she will wink : she shake she head no . int . ritz - carlton bathroom / hallway / elevator - a little later Mike stand in front of the mirror , put water on he face , wipe it off , and look at himself . he take a deep breath . a legal mind 20 . mike you can do this . he pick up he briefcase , and head out of the bathroom . we follow Mike back to the lobby . a elevator arrive . ding . Mike steel himself , get on , and press the fourth floor . int . ritz - carlton - suite 205 outer room - minute later another applicant stand in front of donna . he 's very short . donna wow . be you sure you be tall enough to go on this ride ? he answer in a extremely high - pitch , meek voice . interviewee # 2 I do not appreciate derogatory statement about my physical characteristic . harvey look out : donna , amused , shake she head no . int . ritz - carlton elevator / hallway - minute later Mike exit the elevator . he check he watch : thirty second to ten . he walk down the hallway slowly . there 's a bellman in a red uniform walk a man in a suit to suite 412 . flashback mike 's memory - ritz -carlton entrance earlier we see the scene as Mike enter ; the uniform be blue . int . ritz - carlton hallway - continuous something be not right . the two man be stay in the room 's entrance . Mike continue walk slowly . flashback mike 's memory - ritz -carlton entrance earlier again , the scene as Mike enter the hotel . this time there be a sign , '' Pool be close due to construction . '' int . ritz - carlton hallway - continuous Mike keep walk toward they . he approach the bellman . mike Excuse I , I be think of go for a swim . be the pool facility here nice ? bellman of course , sir , this be the ritz-carlton . a legal mind mike thank you . ( to man in suit ) oh and do you have the time ? the man in the suit hold out he arm to Mike see that he 's get a gun inside he suit it 's ten o'clock . mike thank you . 21 . check he watch , jacket pocket . Mike walk down the hall and turn the corner . bellman he see you gun . suit you think that 's he ? bellman match the description . but he do not go in the room . suit it 's ten exactly , he 's just walk by ? bellman it be a hotel . suit and by coincidence we guy 's nowhere in sight . bellman what do you want I to do ? if we guy show up , you do not look right stand here without a bellman . suit go after he . stay on the radio . the bellman run around the corner . the at the end of it be a stairway . he run int . ritz - carlton stairway - third floor Mike book down the stair , as he pass hallway be empty . toward it . — continuous the third floor landing , the briefcase slam into the stairway railing . a legal mind 22 . flashback mike 's memory - ritz -carlton entrance earlier the group of Harvard Law student pass in front of Mike . again the sign read , '' Harvard Law interview : suite 205 . '' int . ritz - carlton stairway - second floor - continuous Mike land on the stairwell , again the briefcase get slammed as he burst into the hall . as the door slowly close ... int . ritz - carlton stairway - FOURTH floor - continuous the bellman open the stairway door . he look down ... nothing . he look up ... nothing . click . he hear the second floor door close . he race down the stair . int . ritz - carlton - suite 205 outer room - a little later a nervous , young - look interviewee # 3 , approach donna . donna kid , what 's wrong with you ? you look like you be eleven year old . interviewee # 3 ( extremely nervous ) I ... I be late to puberty . the kid run out . harvey stick he head out . donna throw up she hand . donna call out to the other applicant . donna Rick sorkin ?... Rick sorkin ? int . ritz - carlton hallway / suite 205 outer room - continuous Mike try to stop breathe heavily as he walk the hall toward suite 205 . he open the door to the suite . it be fill with man who look and be dress exactly like he . donna ( 0.s. ) Mr. sorkin , you be five minute late . do you have a reason I should let you in ? Mike look over to see donna . he stare at she . a beat . mike I be only here to ditch the cop . I do not care if you let I in or not . harvey open the door to meet Mike . donna give he a wink . as Mike enter the door , we see that the latch on the briefcase have come loose from be slam ... a legal mind 23 . int . ritz - carlton HOTEL - suite 205 - moment later Mike and harvey shake hand . mike Rick sorkin . harvey harvey specter . Nice to meet you . as they shake hand , the briefcase burst open . harvey see the mound of pot . Mike look bust . int . ritz - carlton hallway / suite 205 outer room - continuous the bellman enter and realize there be twenty man who look exactly like Mike . he look suspiciously at everyone . donna can I help you ? int . gerald tate 's office - continuous Gerald sit at he desk . his secretary appear at the door . secretary there 's a Louis litt here to see you . gerald who the hell be Louis litt ? secretary he say he 's you lawyer . gerald send he in . the secretary exit . a moment . Louis appear at the door . louis Mr. tate , I have information that I believe will lead you to the conclusion that you be better serve at pearson , hardman with I as you lead counsel . gerald come in , have a seat . int . ritz - carlton HOTEL - suite 205 - a little later harvey and Mike sit together . harvey lean in , fascinate . harvey how do you know they be the police ? a legal mind mike I read a novel in elementary school . the cop be stake out a hotel and they pose as a bellhop and a man in a suit . it be the exact same thing . harvey you read a novel in elementary school ? mike what ? I like to read . harvey why do you ask they what time it be ? mike to throw they off . what drug dealer ask a cop what time it be while he 's carry a briefcase full of pot ? harvey shake he head in awe . harvey now that be ballsy think under fire . we should hire you . Jesus , I would give you the twenty - five grand as a signing bonus . mike I will take it . harvey unfortunately , we only hire from Harvard . and you not only do not go to Harvard Law School , you do not go to any law school . mike what if I tell you I consume knowledge like no one you have ever meet , and I have actually pass the bar ? harvey look at Mike , '' I would say you be full of shit . '' point at a book stick out of harvey 's bag . mike I notice you have a barbri legal handbook with you . open it up , read I something . harvey look skeptical , but he open up the book . harvey '' Civil liability associate with agency be base on several factor include -- '' 24 . Mike a legal mind 25 . mike '' -~ the deviation of the agent from he path , the reasonable inference of agency on behalf of the plaintiff , and the nature of the damage themselves . '' harvey ( look up , stunne ) how do you do that ? mike I learn it when I study for the bar . harvey okay , hot shot , fire up that laptop , I 'o 1l show you what a Harvard Attorney can do . that 's my database of every legal issue in existence . pick one . harvey jump up and point for Mike to sit at he laptop . Mike punch the arrow key a couple time and hit enter . mike stock option backdate . harvey although backdate option be legal , violation arise related to disclosure under both fasb 123r and Internal Revenue code section 409a . mike you forget the sarbane Oxley Act of ' 02 . harvey the statute of limitation render sarbane Oxley moot post 2007 . Mike peer closely at the screen while click the mouse . mike not if you can find action to cover up the violation , as establish in the sixth circuit , May 2008 . harvey impressive , but you be at a computer . mike ( turn the screen to harvey ) I have be play heart : if you be gonna beat I , it better be at something else . harvey be stunne . a legal mind 26 . harvey how can you know all that -- mike I tell you . I like to read . and once I read something , I understand it . and once I understand it , I never forget it . harvey why take the bar ? mike some dickhead bet I I could not pass it without go to law school . harvey how long do he give you to study ? mike four month . it be two month longer than I need . harvey begin to actually consider Mike 's proposition . harvey do you really want this job ? mike when I be in college my dream be to be a lawyer . my grandmother need money and trevor convinced I to memorize some math test and sell it . turn out we sell it to the dean 's daughter . I lose my scholarship and get throw out of school . Mike pause , as if remember how it feel ... then : mike I get knock into a different life , I have be wishing for a way back ever since . harvey I have someone take a chance on I once . but before she do , she make damn sure I be commit to the job . I be talk about work . Long hour , high pressure , no fuck around . I need a adult . mike you give I this , I ’1ll work as hard as it take to school that Harvard douch , and be the best lawyer you have ever see . harvey look at a piece of paper he 's write something on . a legal mind 27 . harvey I be inclined to give you a shot . but what if I decide to go another way ? mike I would say , fine . sometimes I like to hang out with people that be not that bright just to see how the other half life . we see the paper say , '' thinks he 's the smartest one in the room . '' harvey grin : harvey move over . I be email the firm I have find we next associate . ( as he type ) by the way , the bet with the dickhead , how much be it for ? mike ( joke ) aaah , I can not remember . they both laugh . harvey be finish email . harvey all right , you start a week from Monday . here 's what you be gonna do ... int . mike 's studio apartment - two day later Mike pack a small bag with a couple of day worth of clothes as the rest of they conversation continue in voice over . harvey ( v.o . ) first off , that 's it for the pot . we drug test . stop now , you will be fine . I assume that 's all the drug you do . mike ( v.o. ) ( harvey be on the money ) how do you know that ? harvey ( v.o. ) you read book , I read people . and pot head smoke pot . that 's what they do . mike ( v.o. ) that 's not all I do . Mike take a tiny bag of pot and head into the bathroom . a legal mind 28 . harvey ( v.o. ) you be Albert freaking Einstein , but you could not manage to go to law school . you think that 's not from pot ? mike ( v.o. ) trevor get I kick out of college . how would I have get into law school ? Mike hesitates , then flush the bag down the toilet . harvey ( v.o. ) that 's another thing . you be gonna ditch that briefcase and you boy trevor . Mike check he cell : he 's have six miss call from trevor . harvey ( v.o. ) then you be gonna get on a plane to Harvard and you be gonna learn everything there be about go to law school there . Mike pull out the briefcase with the pot from behind the couch . he shove it to the back of he oven , put a couple pizza box in front to hide it , close the oven and exit . harvey ( v.o. ) now get out of here . oh , one more thing , buy some better suit . you look like a bar mitzvah boy . and not in a good way . ext . airplane - a little later the plane take off as we hear the flight attendant . flight attendant ( v.o. ) lady and gentleman , welcome to Delta Flight 96 with direct service to Boston . int . harvard law school - admission office - later Mike approach a dour look old woman behind a desk . mike Excuse I , I be wonder how to sign up for the four o'clock law school tour ? old woman you go back in time six week , because that 's when the four o'clock book up . ( off Mike 's look ) this be Harvard Law School , we get over seven thousand application a year . you think you just walk in and take a tour ? a legal mind 29 . ext . harvard law library - three fifty five pm twenty people with name tag be in front of a sign : '' Harvard Law School Tour . '' Mike see a very cocky - look young man by himself . Mike approach and read he name tag ... mike clifford watkin ? clifford watkins ( air of superiority ) can I help you ? mike my name be Jonathan atwater , I work for Dean wormer in the admission office . clifford 's attitude instantly change . clifford watkins yes , of course , what can I -- mike Dean wormer personally send I to invite you to a intimate cocktail hour for some of we more ... realistic candidate . clifford survey the people around he and smile knowingly . mike we would like to be discreet , so if you would be so kind as to subtly hand I you name tag you can proceed to the Dean 's office . clifford smile smugly , hand Mike he name tag and exit . as Mike don clifford 's name tag , a young woman approach . as she start the tour , Mike follow , take in Harvard ... young woman Harvard Law be the oldest law school in the country and boast the most successful graduate in the world . currently , we be six of nine Supreme Court justice , and of course , the President of the United States ... Mike 's go up against the smartest lawyer in the world ... end of act two a legal mind 30 . act three int . mike 's studio apartment —- following monday Close on a closet with three suit , numerous shirt and tie . a hand reach in and pull out a blue suit , white shirt , red tie . pullback to see that it be Mike . he lay he ensemble on the couch and then head into the shower . int . mike 's studio apartment - a little later Mike be now out of the shower . he put he ensemble back in the closet and pick out a brown suit , blue shirt and blue tie . he lay this out , then go to shave . int . mike 's studio apartment - a little later we be close on Mike , tie he tie in the mirror . we pull back to see that he 's change he ensemble again and be now wear a grey suit , white shirt and blue tie . he look in the mirror , like what he see , and head out . ext . STREET manhattan - a little later Mike come up from the subway with a excitement in he step that only come on the first day of a new career . his cell ring , it 's trevor again . he silence it and keep walk . int . pearson , hardman law firm - reception - a little later Mike enter the lobby . as he take in the grandeur of the firm , the import of what he 's do finally hit he ... he approach the receptionist nervously ... mike hi , I be here to see harvey ... oh , my God , I can not think of he last name . I be so nervous , I be not sure I know my last name . rachel ( 0.s. ) ross. Mike Ross . Mike turn to see rachel lane , a attractive paralegal . he 's be hit by a bolt of lightning . he stand there agog ... rachel we have be expect you . I be Rachel Lane , paralegal . i’11 be give you you orientation . she reach to shake he hand . he blurt out ... mike wow , you be pretty . a legal mind 31 . rachel good , you have hit on I . we can get it out of the way that I be not interested . mike ( sincere ) I be not hit on you . I -- rachel please . I have give dozen of this , and without fail , whatever new hotshot it be think because I be just a paralegal , I ’‘1l be blow away by he dazzle degree . let I assure you that I will not . mike ( realize ) I be . I be hit on you . she hand he a pad and pen . rachel now , take note because I be not go to repeat myself . Rachel turn and start walk . Mike mouth to himself : mike I love you . as Mike follow we see he take in the firm . the bank of office lining the wall be fantastic . the interior wall be glass , and we see right through they to stun view of downtown Manhattan . the interior of the firm be fill with cubicle of secretary , paralegal , and associate . rachel each bank of office specialize in its own arena of the law and be anchore by Department head at either end . on my leave be merger and acquisition , on the opposite side be high net worth divorce . mike merger across from divorce . symmetry . ( off she look ) I ' 1l just listen . rachel the firm operate on a chain of command model . harvey 's you commanding officer . however , Louis litt oversee all associate so you also answer to he . a legal mind 32 . mike what do you think about harvey ? rachel people be in awe of he , they say he 's the best instinctive attorney anyone 's ever see , but I have very little contact with he , so I do not really know . mike what about Louis litt ? Rachel look at Mike , it 's clear she do not think much of Louis litt , but do not know Mike well enough to tell he . rachel let 's get on with you tour .. int . pearson , hardman law firm - 9:30 am harvey arrive , strutting through the hall , even cockier than usual . as he pass people , he point at they , snap he finger , and generally act like he be king of the world . harvey hey , Becky , you be glow . I wonder why that be ? oh , yeah , it 's the day they announce my partnership . Nancy , have you lose weight ? Steve - of , look ... Steve -o be sloppy , fat and ugly . harvey ... like a guy who come to work . harvey head to he door , which have '' harvey specter , partner '' newly stencile on it . he stop short as a worker scratch the '' partner '' off he door . harvey remain unfaze . harvey Excuse I , why be you scratch the '' partner '' off my door ? worker I get a work order to take it off . harvey who issue the work order ? worker my supervisor . harvey why do he issue the work order ? a legal mind 33 . worker if I know that , I have be he supervisor . harvey you seem to be enjoy yourself . worker I have not enjoy myself since 2004 . harvey laugh . donna show up at the door . harvey donna , somebody 's try to play a joke -- donna Katherine want you in she office now . harvey 's face fall . int . pearson , hardman law firm - later Rachel arrive with Mike at he cubicle . rachel finally , this be where you will live . ( then , be : Mike 's note pad ) what 's wrong with you ? I give you that for a reason , you have not take one note . mike that 's ... because -- rachel because you have be too busy ogling I to listen to a word I have say . Mike look Rachel straight in the eye , but point at the various location around the office as he refer to they . mike partner 's office anchor the wing ; fifth floor 's research , sixth be security ; any work get bill even if it 's find a address ; I answer to harvey and Louis litt and judge by how you respond to my question , I should admire harvey and fear Louis . you have be here five year and just because I outrank you , I have no authority to command you service . ( off she amazement ) oh , it 's also clear you think you be too smart to be a paralegal . that cover it ? Rachel look at he , impressed . a beat . she cover : a legal mind 34 . rachel you know , nobody like a show - off . mike but ... you challenge I . you use the word ogling ... Rachel be walk away . mike where be you go ? when do I get to see harvey ? int . katherine pearson 's office - moment later Katherine be at she desk . harvey 's stand in front of she . katherine Gerald tate fire the firm . harvey what ?! when ? katherine a hour ago . when you be suppose to be here . harvey so you be take my partnership away ?! Katherine stand up , heatedly . katherine damn it , harvey , most firm would put you in front of the bar on ethic charge and have you license stripped . you lie to a client and he figure it out . harvey I lie to he to get he to do the right thing and honor he goddamn contract . katherine be that as it may , you do not get away with it . and I can not justify hand you a partnership the same day you lose a huge client . harvey one client do not -- a legal mind 35 . this just katherine one client ? we be in a economic shit storm . company be not lining up to spend money on attorney right now . sit there a minute . katherine you know , he might have forgiven the lie if you have not humiliate he , but you do . and you need to accept that . harvey realize he be not go to change Katherine 's mind . Katherine harvey Katherine , if you have not do as much for I as you have , I would be head for the door . smile . katherine if I have not do as much for you as I have , I have be throw you out the window . harvey start to leave . katherine but harvey , any shenanigan , you try to leave and take one client , tell one more lie ... do one more thing that be not straight as a arrow , and instead of cover you ass , I 'il put you in front of the bar myself . int . harvey' office - moment later harvey enter , deject . he do not see Mike sit there . mike who 's ready for a great first day ?! harvey Mike , I be go to have to let you go . mike what ?! harvey I just get my ass ream for lie to a client . if they find out I lie about you go to Harvard Law School , they 'il take away my license . a legal mind 36 . donna ( on intercom ) you what ?! harvey ( into intercom ) not now , donna. ( then , to Mike ) I have to put my own interest above yours . it 's not personal . you be fire . mike ( put it together ) so , you be worried if I stay , they might find out you lie about I and you 'il lose you license . but if you fire I , I could tell they you lie about I and you would definitely lose you license . this piss harvey off . harvey be you say if I throw you under the bus , you be go to drag I with you ? mike you put you interest above mine . I be just put mine back up next to yours . harvey I like that . you just give I a idea . you be rehire . int . katherine pearson' office - moment later Katherine be on the phone . harvey storm in and hang up . harvey here 's what 's go to happen . you be go to tell that workman to put the '' partner '' back on my door and that 's the last we be go to talk about this . katherine and why be that ? harvey because if you do not , I be go across town to join Cynthia Harris . and then I be go to approach every client I have ever close , I be go to put my charm on they , and I be go to take they with I . katherine if you do that , you will force I to put you in front of the ethic board . a legal mind 37 . harvey I do not think you 'il put I in front of the ethic board . katherine why not ? harvey because you be obligate to notify they the second you know I lie to Gerald , but you do not . you put I in front of the board now , you will be up there with I . Katherine turn she back to harvey in frustration . a beat . we see a smile cross she face . this be she plan . she let out a deep breath and turn back to he , feign defeat ... katherine I will give you the partnership , but you be go to have to do something for I . harvey grin . harvey anything . what do you need ? Katherine hold up a file . katherine take on a pro bono . harvey anything but that ... katherine harvey , we all do it , even I . pro bono case be how we as a firm show that we care about more than just ourselves . and it 's how you can show people in the firm you care about more than just yourself . harvey I just do one . katherine that be six year ago . harvey you do not let I finish . I be go to say I just do one six year ago . harvey hold out he hand , he ’1ll take the case . a legal mind 38 . katherine you will handle it yourself ? you will not pass it off to the new kid ? harvey absolutely . Katherine hand he the file . he head to the door . katherine you want the '' partner '' stencile in bold , or underline , or what ? harvey something subtle . in neon . Katherine smile as harvey exit the room . int . harvey' office - minute later Mike sit in a chair . harvey toss he the pro bono file . harvey you first case . donna set up a meeting with you and the client this afternoon . mike awesome . what be it ? harvey pro bono . sexual harassment . it 's beneath I , but it 's important to Katherine . so , do not tell anyone I laid it off on you and do not screw it up ... Mike start out . harvey wait a second . do not I tell you to get some better suit ? mike what be you talk about ? ( be : suit ) this be Men 's wearhouse . I spend four hundred dollar . harvey sense something 's not right . harvey for how many suit ? mike five . what ? a legal mind 39 . int . diner at 53rd and lex - later that day Mike be interview he client , Nancy , a attractive waitress in she mid-thirty . they sit in a booth . mike please , Nancy , take I through the story as you see it . nancy it start two year ago . I be a proud stay - at-home mother to we son , freddie . one day , after little league ... she smile , reminisc ... nancy freddie be seven . hate that he could not play with the older kid ... Nancy get serious again ... nancy we come home to find my husband on the floor of we bathroom . he die of a heart attack . just like that ... mike I be so sorry . nancy I be devastate , but I do not have the time - I do not have the luxury to grieve . so , I do the best I could , I get myself a job as a secretary at Devlin mcgreggor . Nancy become upbeat again as she remember ... nancy I feel good about provide for I and freddie , I even get promote to secretary of the President , Charles hunt . ( then ) that 's when everything change . mike tell I what happen . nancy he start ask I to stay late , have drink , go to dinner ... mike do you ? a legal mind 40 . nancy at first I think it be for work , so , yes . but it start to not feel right , so I just do my job and go home . one night , Mr. hunt call I into he office and tell I if I sleep with he , he have take care of I within the firm , and if I do not ... he say he would fire I . mike do he use that exact word ? be he that explicit ? nancy no . he 's not stupid . but neither be I . and we both know exactly what he mean . mike what do you do ? nancy I go to human resource . they say they investigate and find nothing to support my claim . two month later I be fire for poor job performance . I be tell to clean out my desk immediately . she seem to be live it in she mind ... nancy they would not let I say good - bye to anyone . they would not give I a letter of recommendation ... they would not even allow I to get unemployment benefit . Mike look like he want to kill Mr. Charles hunt . nancy I be not look for a payoff . all I want be for it to stop . I feel so violate . can you help I ? mike there 's some good news and some bad news . the bad news be , as you say , he 's not stupid and it 's go to be hard to prove he proposition you without a witness . nancy what 's the good news ? a legal mind 4l . mike that 's not what we have to prove . the biggest exposure employer have be not the harassment itself , it 's the retaliation . nancy what do you mean ? Mike take a sip of he coffee . mike you complaint be on record . two month later you get fire for poor performance . all we have to prove be you performance stay consistent , and we have get they . Nancy 's face fall . mike what 's the matter ? nancy after what he say to I in that room -- I be under a lot of stress . it affect I . I could not sleep . I could not keep concentrate ... my performance be poor . Mike look at she and smile bravely ... mike then we be go to have to prove what he say to you in that room . int . harvey' office - later that afternoon Mike be update harvey on the case . harvey you need my help ? give I a update . mike you know , she 's a nice woman . she -- harvey not on the client . on the case . I do not get emotionally attach to the client . mike this woman 's have she entire life rip apart . you do not care ? harvey I be not about caring . I be about win . a legal mind 42 . mike why can not you be about both ? harvey I would explain it to you , but then I would have to care about you , now give I a update . mike Defense send over the original file from the investigation as a courtesy , but I -- harvey no they do not . nobody do anything as a courtesy . they send over that file because that 's where they want you to look . listen to I , be a lawyer be like be a doctor . mike you mean how you do not get emotional about the client ? harvey no . I mean , you keep press until it hurt , then you know where to look . ( then ) forget about impeach the investigation - it will not lead anywhere . no employee be go to testify against he own ceo . Mike smile at this ... mike what would you suggest I do ? harvey think . if this guy 's do this once ... mike he 's do it before . harvey and if people who work for he now will not testify against he ... mike people who use to work for he might . ( realize ) if I can find someone else he 's do it to , I have get corroboration , and I have get he nail . a legal mind 43 . harvey I have subpoena the personnel record of every woman who 's leave the firm during this guy 's tenure . Mike smile as he hold up a subpoena . mike that 's exactly what I think . harvey then what do you need my help for ? mike I ... do not know how to fill out a subpoena . harvey smile and shake he head . his boy be work out . harvey ( into intercom ) donna , I need you to show Mike how to fill out a subpoena . donna ( on intercom ) no problem . after that you want I to show he how to wipe he ass ? harvey smile , then look at Mike . harvey it 's funny , because you should already know how to do both that thing . harvey slide a card across he desk to Mike . mike what 's this ? harvey it 's my suit guy . go in , tell he I send you , and spend some goddamn money . Mike look at the card . mike what do it matter how much money I spend on suit ? harvey because we be in the business of convincing people to do what we want . and like it or not , people respond to how you be dress . ( more ) a legal mind harvey ( cont 'd ) so if you want to be treat like you belong at this level , this be what you be go to have to do . mike hey , you be give I advice . it sound like you actually care about I . harvey what I want you to understand be that you be a reflection of I . and as I tell you before , I damn sure care about I . int . mike 's cubicle - a little later Rachel approach Mike as he put he jacket on to leave ... rachel where be you go ? mike it 's six o'clock . I be go home . Rachel laugh . mike what 's so funny ? rachel you be a rookie associate . if you go home before nine on you first week , you will not make it through you first month . ( then ) Louis litt want to see you . Mike get up to go see Louis . he hesitates , then : mike do you think this suit make I look like a bar mitzvah boy ? int . louis 's office - minute later Louis be at he desk . Mike sit across from he . louis I know you have orientation from Rachel , but I would like to give you a special welcome from I . among other thing , I be sort of the disciplinarian of the associate . a associate , gary appear at the door and address Louis . a legal mind 45 . gary you want to see I ? louis yes , please . come on in , Gary . Mike , this be Gary lipsky . Gary 's one of we promise associate from last year . Mike and Gary shake hand . louis Gary , Mr. pearson want I to ask if you have complete the petramco filing . gary my brother be in over the weekend ... louis this be third time I have ask you . gary I ' 1l get right on it . louis do not bother . you be fire . gary what ?! you can not -- Louis stand up . louis I can . and I do . go pack you thing , and do not ever show you face here again . Gary exit the office , stunne ... Louis turn to Mike . louis I arrange for you to see that because we pay we associate very well and provide the opportunity of unlimited advancement . but in return we expect result . have I make myself clear ? mike yes . louis welcome to pearson , hardman . Louis then read a file as though Mike be not there . a beat . louis feel free to go back to work . a legal mind int . harvey' office - later harvey exit for the night . he run into Katherine ... katherine harvey . how 's the new kid do ? harvey pretty good . katherine what do you have he work on ? harvey do not want to tell she he drop the case on Mike . harvey this and that . various matter . Katherine look at harvey curiously ... int . mike 's studio apartment - later that night Mike come home to find trevor on he couch , watch tv . mike what the hell be you do here ? trevor watch sportscenter . boo-yah . trevor give Mike a big smile . nothing . he get serious . trevor you will not return my call . mike yeah , because you set I up . trevor you think I know about that ? mike here we go , round fifty of I get shaft , because you do not know the whole story . now trevor try righteousness . trevor hey , you know there be risk when you quote that shit from that book . you know it , you need the money , and I come through with a opportunity like always . trevor realize this tack will not work . he go for sympathy . 46 . a legal mind 47 . trevor you know , you be not the only one who get screw . they hold a gun on I . mike oh , really ? why do they do that ? trevor to keep I from warning you . mike so you do know . trevor not until after it be too late . mike well it 's damn sure too late now . Mike hold the door open for trevor to leave . trevor let I make it up to you . mike you want to make it up ? give I my key . trevor ( give key , cajole ) Mike , come on , you know I do not want to live in a world where we be not tight . mike ( sarcastic ) then kill yourself . now get the hell out . trevor exit . Mike check for the briefcase . it 's there . he open it to make sure it 's still full of pot . it be ... end of act three a legal mind 48 . act four int . mike 's cubicle - next afternoon Mike open a envelope , read it and quickly head off ... int . harvey' office / hallway - later that afternoon harvey leave he office and pass donna on the way out . harvey donna , I need the -- she instantly hand he a envelope clearly full of cash . harvey oh , also I do not get a chance to -- she give he a coffee to go . a beat . harvey marry I . donna I take care of that too . we have be marry for the last seven year . harvey smile and head out . Mike approach , concerned . mike the company 's fight the subpoena . they file a motion to dismiss the case base on we lack of evidence . harvey do not stop walk . harvey good . Mike stand there a beat , then walk after harvey . mike good . what do you mean good ? harvey they do not want to hand over the file . you press where it hurt . you be look in the right place . Mike catch up . they keep walk to the elevator . harvey do you think they would not fight back ? a legal mind 49 . mike well ... I ... now that you mention it . harvey it 's my fault . I keep forget you do not actually know anything . the idea be you make a move , they make a move and back and forth till one of you win . mike but what if they win the motion and the case get dismiss ? harvey arrive at the elevator and press the down button . harvey then you be not as good as you think you be . the elevator door open . Katherine be in it . she stay in as the rest of the people file out ... katherine what a coincidence . I be just wonder how it 's go with the pro bono case . harvey fantastic , I be all over it . Katherine be now alone in the elevator . harvey get on . katherine that make I happy . because if I be to find out you be not give it you full effort , I would be very upset ... concern register on harvey 's face as the door close . Mike turn to go back to he cubicle . he see Rachel , catch up to she and follow she through the hall back to she office . mike I need you help . there 's a hearing on my subpoena . rachel I have get three other case ahead of yours , so you will have to wait in line . mike but my hearing be tomorrow . she stop outside of she office and turn to Mike . a legal mind 50 . rachel why be you come to I ? mike because donna say you be the best researcher in the firm . rachel let I see the motion . Mike hand it to she . she read it as they enter she office . int . rachel 's office - continuous Mike see Rachel 's office be much nicer than he cubicle . mike wait . you have a office ? why do you have a office and I only have a cubicle ? Rachel smile . rachel like you say , I be the best researcher in the firm . mike really ? I just make that up . I do not even have time to talk to donna . Mike smile . Rachel be not amused . rachel be this all a joke to you ? because I take my job seriously . mike I be sorry , I be just -- I care about this woman . she 's get nowhere else to turn and -- I can not help she by myself . Rachel look at Mike and see he 's sincere . he put he hand up to he head as though they be dog ear and then flap one of they over . Rachel break into a smile . rachel I get it . you be a puppy . do meat favor , do not poop on my laptop . Rachel look back down at the file , then back at Mike : rachel you be ask to look at private file without any evidence of you assertion . a legal mind 51 . mike but the only way we can find the evidence be by look at that file . rachel that 's a rickety argument . mike but be there precedent ? she see a stack of file in she in - box , then look at Mike . rachel let 's go see if we can find one . int . pearson , hardman library - a little later Mike and Rachel enter a miniature version of the Harvard Law library . highly sophisticated , well stock and beautiful . rachel Research be as much art as science , we will look at privacy and harassment law and see if we can find a combination of case to make a argument . I / x11 take privacy . mike I will take harassment law ... rachel this will take a while . we need dinner . mike chinese ? rachel I can afford chinese myself . this be on the firm , I want sushi . we see a montage of they read book , journal , etc ... they show each other what they have find and shake they head , it will not work . dinner come ... as they finish they sushi . mike remember when I say you think you be too smart to be a paralegal ?... why -- rachel -- be not I a lawyer ? Rachel look at Mike and decide to reveal she vulnerability . rachel I do not test well . a legal mind 52 . mike what ? rachel I be smart , I know I have be a good lawyer , but ... I can not take test . I do not know what happen to I . I bomb the lsat 's . even if I could get into a law school , there 's no way I have ever pass the bar . ( wistfully ) if only there be some way to have someone take the test for I . Mike laugh . mike yeah , if only there be . harvey walk in and see they smile at each other . harvey where be you on the research for tomorrow 's hearing ? mike nothing yet . harvey you say you care about the client . but if you keep play footsie with the paralegal instead of find I a valid argument , the client 's go to lose . harvey exit . we resume the montage of Mike and Rachel work . again , nothing be work . more frustration . rachel it 's no use . they do a investigation and they do it by the book . it produce no evidence , and we look like the bad guy come in put they under duress . mike wait a second , what do you say ? rachel I say we look like the bad guy . mike no . you say they do it by the book , and we be put they under duress . rachel so? a legal mind 53 . mike they do not do it by the book . the investigation be do under duress ... Mike pick up one of the book and show it to Rachel ... ext . rooftop restaurant - a little later harvey eat with vanessa , a gorgeous woman in a killer dress . harvey so , we get there and my client decide it will be funny to introduce I to he pastor as a recover sex addict . vanessa what do you do ? harvey I hold out my hand to the pastor and go , '' who say anything about recover ? '' vanessa laugh . they share a moment ... then : vanessa I believe you have something for I ? harvey that 's what I love about you , vanessa . Business over pleasure . harvey put the envelope of cash donna give he on the table . harvey by the way , that dress ... damn . vanessa this old thing ? it be my father 's . vanessa count the money in the envelope and put it away . harvey vanessa , how come you and I never ... vanessa because I do not sleep around . and I could never have a relationship with you . all you ever think about be yourself . harvey that 's ridiculous . I be think about you and I right now . vanessa smile and shake she head as she get up to leave . a legal mind 54 . harvey by the way , I be not selfish everywhere . vanessa neither be I . but you will never know it . vanessa hand harvey a manila folder and head off . harvey watch she go , then look open the folder and look inside . int . harvey' office - next morning Mike stand as harvey peruse he handiwork . harvey this be good . we be gonna have some fun . mike do ... you say we ? harvey you do not think I be go to let you come along ? mike no . harvey good instinct , I be not . then I think it would be cruel not to let you witness my greatness . Mike smile . mike you be a true giver . int . courtroom - next day harvey , Mike and defense counsel be argue the motion to dismiss in front of a judge , bailiff and stenographer ... defense counsel you honor , this case should be throw out . other than she story , plaintiff do not have one piece of evidence . harvey because the evidence lie within they personnel file , which they be conveniently refuse to hand over . a legal mind 55 . defense counsel that file have sensitive information . he 's fishing at the expense of we employee 's right to privacy . harvey scoff . harvey please , he do not give a rat 's ass about he employee ' right to privacy . defense counsel you honor , Mr. specter 's claim that we do not care about we employee , though witty , carry no weight as a rule of law . harvey true . but what do carry weight be that under article Seven of the statute , the investigation of sexual harassment must be conduct without any duress . judge you point ? harvey walk the courtroom with ease as he make he case . harvey both the investigator and every person interview answer to the ceo they be investigate . that be the definition of duress . it have be like you bailiff accuse you of sexual harassment , and you assign you stenographer to investigate . how likely do you think it would be that the investigation yield any fruit ? judge you honestly think I would harass herman ? harvey look at the bailiff , a slovenly , fifty year old man . harvey I do not know , you honor . some people have a thing for the uniform .. judge I would like to think herman would come to I before it get to a investigation . harvey glance at herman . herman shake he head no . defense counsel I see that . that should be stricken . a legal mind 56 . harvey smile , then continue to the judge . harvey and what if herman do come to you , you honor ? and you betrayed he trust by fire he under false pretense ? judge you really think that little of I ? harvey I would not trust you as far as I could throw you , you honor . they share a smile . judge you point be take . defense counsel you honor -- judge Hand over the file . Mike beam with they victory . the judge address harvey . judge but this do not go on forever . you have get one week to show I evidence back up you claim or I be dismiss the suit . harvey but , you honor -- judge that 's it , I have make my ruling , now herman and I have some communicate to do . Mike turn to harvey . mike that be awesome . harvey it be you argument . I just frame it in a way that humanize the situation and brighten all of we afternoon . mike I feel like Michael corleone in that scene where the fat guy teach he how to shoot the gun . a legal mind 57 . harvey be you say I be the fat guy ? ( then ) I be not the fat guy . int . upscale mens store - later that afternoon Mike walk into a world he never know exist . the world 's finest suit be on display . he approach rene , who look he up and down in a condescending manner . mike Excuse I , I be look for rene . rene I be rene . when 's the bar mitzvah ? mike do harvey tell you I be come here ? rene look at he with newfound respect . rene harvey specter send you ? that 's another story . do you know you inseam ? Mike be amused at the notion that he would know he inseam . mike no , I do not . rene my lucky day . why do not you browse for a minute . the suit be arrange by price . start with the least expensive here and move up in price as you go back . rene exit . Mike pick up a '' inexpensive '' suit . he see the price : $ 2,000 . he put it back and walk out the door . ext . manhattan STREET —- continuous Mike exit quickly . he see rene prancing toward the front window hold ten thousand dollar of clothing . Mike smile to himself at he getaway . his cell phone ring , he answer . jenny Mike , it 's Jenny . mike trevor 's have you do he dirty work ? a legal mind 58 . jenny trevor do not even know I be call you . and all I know be that you be not talk to each other and I miss you and I want thing to go back to the way they be . this stop Mike short . mike I miss you too . but I do not think thing be ever go back the way they be . Mike hang up the phone . int . trevor steven 's condominium we see that Jenny be sit there with trevor . trevor what do he say ? jenny he say thing be not ever go back the way they be . what do you do ? a beat . trevor lie . trevor I do not know . int . rachel 's office - a little later Rachel be at she desk . Mike enter . mike the file be on they way . we have a week to corroborate Nancy 's story . rachel we win ?! that 's fantastic ! mike I could not have do it without you . rachel damn right , you could not have . you do not even know where to look without I . mike you know , nobody like a show-off . Rachel smile . her intercom buzze , she listen , then : a legal mind 59 . rachel the file be in conference room c. mike why do not they bring they to my cubicle ? int . auxiliary conference room - later Mike show up . the conference room be fill with box upon box . Mike look at they all as harvey approach . harvey they know you only have a week to find whoever it be you be look for . mike they be fight back . harvey they be try to bury you in paperwork . Mike look at harvey with confidence . mike they pick the wrong guy . harvey that 's what I like to hear . now excuse I , I have to go charm a new client . int . JOHN dockery 's office - a little later John dockery , ceo of dockery Chemical shake harvey 's hand . dockery Nice to finally meet you . Katherine say you be go to sweep I off my foot . harvey I will do my best , Mr. dockery . harvey hand he the manila folder from vanessa , he open it . dockery what the hell be this ? harvey look to I like it 's you have sex with a woman who be not Mrs. dockery . dockery be you try to blackmail I ?! a legal mind 60 . a beat : harvey no , I be not . you ask my firm to see where you be vulnerable to corporate take - over . this be where you be vulnerable . dockery what be you -- harvey you wife own fifteen percent of the voting share of you company . as far as I can tell , you have be see this woman and several other for quite some time . how do you think you wife 's go to vote she share after she find out ? dockery who say she have to find out ? harvey Mr. dockery , my investigator be able to obtain this picture in a week . what do you think a motivate competitor of yours will be able to dig up in a year ? this land on dockery . harvey pour two glass of water . harvey ( cont 'd ) I have a simple solution . Trade she you prefer share , which have no voting rights for she common share , which do . dockery the prefer share be worth two million dollar more . harvey a fraction of what you will lose if you get vote out of you company . harvey offer a glass to dockery . a beat . dockery you look down you nose at I ? harvey John , please , I do not care if you sleep with the entire knick 's dancer . just give she the prefer share . harvey smile . dockery take the glass . a legal mind 61 . dockery Katherine say you be go to charm I to get my business . harvey I be not interested in get you business . I be interested in keep it . harvey and dockery share a drink . int . harvey' office - next evening Mike enter . he 's be up all night and all the next day . mike I know where they do not want we to look . harvey you get through that file by yourself in a day and a half ? mike I would have do it faster , but I order a pizza . have you try that papa John 's crazy bread ? it 's fantastic . ( off look , come clean ) Rachel help I . half the file be man . another chunk be woman over sixty . I read the rest . harvey smile at Mike try to pull one over on he . mike come on , it 's still impressive ! harvey what do you find ? mike we piece together from the record there be a dismissal on March 12 , 2002 . but the file contain the employee name be miss . that 's we woman , I know it . I be move to slap monetary sanction on they attorney , possible jail time ... this guy be not gonna know what hit he . a beat . harvey dial he phone . it ring on speaker . harvey phil , it 's harvey specter . do you have anything to do with the March 12th , 2002 file be leave out of discovery ? a legal mind 62 . phil ( on speaker ) no. harvey if the file be here by noon , I will believe you , if not we be filing for sanction ... harvey hang up the phone and look at Mike . harvey threat of sanction be better than filing for sanction . mike that 's what I mean . I be go to threaten he . not file . I mean that . int . diner - later that day Mike sit with Nancy again ... mike Nancy , do you know , or have you ever hear of a woman name joanna webster ? nancy no . not that I can think of . why ? mike the company try to hide she existence from we . her record show she meet with personnel over '' work related issue , '' in 2002 , then be let go two month later . nancy you think hunt do the same thing to she that he do to I ? mike yes , I do . nancy then get she to come forward and say so . Mike know that 's not go to be easy . int . apartment build - later that evening Mike knock on the door of a apartment . a woman , joanna webster answer , she look surprisingly similar to Nancy . joanna can I help you ? a legal mind mike joanna webster , my name be Mike Ross , I be a lawyer . I have some question about you time at Devlin mcgreggor . joanna hesitates . mike please , just let I tell you a story about my client , Nancy Johnson ... int . joanna 's live room - a little later Mike and joanna sit , he 's clearly just tell she about Nancy . joanna that sound about the same as what happen to I . but -- mike please , all I need you to do be tell you story . if you corroborate Nancy 's -- joanna Mr. Ross , what happen to I , happen seven year ago . it be violate and horrible and there be a reason I do not do anything about it . I know what they do . they 's 1ll put I on that stand and attack I and I do not want that . mike joanna , this man be a predator . he do it to you , he do it to Nancy , and if you do not help stop he , he ’1ll do it again . Mike take she hand . mike I will be with you every step of the way . all you have to do be give a deposition tomorrow , and then testify again on Friday in front of the judge . joanna I be sorry , I can not do it . Mike 's face fall ... int . harvey' office - later that night harvey be work late at he desk . Mike enter and slump into a chair , completely deject ... a legal mind 64 . harvey what happen with the witness ? Mike become instantly excited : mike I get she to testify ! you should have see I . I throw everything at she . told she if she do not stop he he have do it again , I would be with she every step of the way ... Mike hold out he arm to harvey in amazement . a beat . mike it do not work ! I be do . I have nothing . then it hit I , I ask she what if it be she daughter she be testify for ... she melt . I use empathy to get she to testify . ( start sing ) testify . testify . she 's gonna testify . harvey look at Mike : harvey well , I be glad to see the fact that you be up all night do not make you giddy . ( smile , then ) now go get some sleep . I do not want you sing during tomorrow 's deposition . Mike leave . harvey smile to himself as Katherine enter ... a moment . katherine harvey , how 's it go with the pro bono ? harvey I just talk a witness into testify . katherine really ? what 's the witness 's name ? harvey have no idea of the answer . he 's catch ... katherine I be not a idiot . do not treat I like one . you pawn off the case . harvey I be sorry you feel that way , but -- a legal mind katherine damn it harvey , I tell you this be a way for you to show that you think about more than just yourself . harvey I have get higher profile case that -- katherine need I remind you when we meet , you be a 28 year old screw up ? I give you a shot at the mail room , lead you up the rank to paralegal , then pay for you to go to Harvard Law . where by the way you fuck off the whole time and I still hire you . harvey and you have benefitte from that ever since . I close dockery for you yesterday and I can not make time to -- katherine you make a promise to I ! you make a promise , you break it , and then you lie to my face . so , let I be clear , this be not professional , this be personal . and I nil tell you something else , you make you bed , you better goddamn win . Katherine leave . harvey realize he let he mentor down ... int . mike 's studio apartment - later that night Mike enter he apartment , elate . it 's be ransacke . end of act four 65 . a legal mind act five int . mike 's studio apartment —- continuous Mike survey he ransacke apartment . a beat , he run to the oven , the briefcase be still there . he dial he cell ... mike what the hell be wrong with you ? trevor I need you to give I that briefcase back . mike so that 's what this have all be about . you do not care about we friendship . you just want the briefcase back . trevor that 's not true . you be my oldest friend and you know it . but you do not seem to care about that anymore , so , yes , I also need the briefcase back . mike that 's too bad , because I do not have it . trevor who throw something like that away ? mike I do . and by the way , I think I have you give I my key back . trevor you think I would not have make a backup ? Mike , come on , why be you play game ? mike I tell you . I do not have it . I ditch it while I be run away from the cop you send I into . trevor I do not believe you . you can not -- Mike hang up the phone . int . mike 's studio apartment - next morning Mike be dress . he go to the oven , open it , take out the briefcase , and head out to work with it ... a legal mind 67 . int . pearson , hardman law firm - law firm Mike exit the elevator . as he pass the receptionist ... louis ( 0.s. ) Mike , hold it right there . Mike freeze . he turn around to see Louis litt . louis where do you think you be go ? a beat . mike to my cubicle . louis no , you be not . it 's pee in a cup time . mike what ? louis drug test . follow I . mike no problem . Mike hesitates . he look down at he briefcase . mike I be just gonna put my thing back at my -- louis now . Louis start walk . Mike be not sure what to do . a beat . Mike follow Louis to the elevator . int . pearson , hardman law firm - elevator - continuous Mike and Louis ride the elevator down in silence . ding . the door open . they exit into a significantly less polished floor of the firm . int . pearson , hardman —- hallway - continuous Mike nervously follow Louis into the bowel of the firm . they foot click as they make they way down the hall . a legal mind louis by the way , my cousin be you year at Harvard . it 's funny . I ask if he remember you . he do not . mike what 's he name ? louis Mitch samberg . another beat . mike do not know he ... big school . Louis look at Mike , '' not that big . '' then he stop , open a door and motion for Mike to go through . louis time to face the music . int . donna 's desk - same harvey approach donna . he 's a little anxious . harvey donna , they be on the way for Mike 's deposition . I have get to get to the kendrick filing . where the hell be Mike ? donna I do not know . harvey nervously pace back to he office . int . drug testing room - continuous Mike and Louis enter . the room look like the examination room in a doctor 's office . there be a technician there , who hand Mike a plastic cup and indicate a bathroom . technician leave the cup on the counter . Mike leave the room : the technician point at he briefcase . technician you will have to leave that out here . mike why ? 68 . a legal mind 69 . technician if you take it in there with you , I have to check to make sure you do not have another urine sample in it . Mike look at Louis , set the briefcase down and enter the bathroom . Louis look at the briefcase suspiciously ... int . drug testing room - minute later Mike exit the bathroom . he see Louis be go . he breathes a sign of relief , pick up the briefcase and exit . int . mike 's cubicle - minute later Mike enter he cubicle , open a desk drawer , put the briefcase in it , close the drawer and lock it . harvey ( 0.s. ) where have you be ? Mike be startle again . he turn to see harvey . mike I be be drug test . why ? harvey the deposition 's this afternoon . I be go to handle it . I want you to dig into this woman 's background and find anything they will use against she . and grill she . make she tell you everything . I want to be prepare . now go ... Mike pick up he other briefcase and head off . int . pearson , hardman law firm - conference room - later harvey , Mike , the Defense Attorney , joanna and a stenographer be all there . joanna take a deep breath . joanna I would be work for Mr. hunt six month when he start ask I to work late , order dinner ... one night , late , he ... try to sleep with I . the next day , I go to hr to request a change of assignment . and two month later I be fire for have a bad attitude . Defense counsel start in ... a legal mind 70 . defense counsel Ms. webster , after work for Devlin mcgreggor , you go on to waitress at hooter , do you not ? joanna yes , I do . defense counsel a place that advertise the sexuality of its waitress to get business ? joanna you will have to ask they that . defense counsel I be ask you . harvey and she 's not answer . it have no relevance . let 's move on . Mike look at joanna reassuringly . defense counsel Ms. webster , be you a truthful person ? joanna yes . defense counsel when you say earlier that you have never be arrest for a crime , be you tell the truth then ? joanna yes . Defense counsel hold up a folder . defense counsel in 1999 you be not arrest for steal a thousand dollar worth of jewelry from the Willow Grove mall in Pennsylvania ? joanna 's face fall . Mike look at harvey , '' oh , shit . '' joanna I be seventeen . it be one mistake . that record be suppose to be seal . a legal mind 71 . defense counsel so , when you say that record be seal , what you mean be that you think you could get away with a lie ? joanna no , that 's not it . I know you would twist it around and make it seem different that it be . defense counsel you have be arrest in you past . then you lie about it under oath . be that make it seem different than what it be ? joanna look at Mike and harvey . they can not help she . defense counsel no answer ? then I ask this , since you lie here once , what 's to make we believe you be not lie about Mr. hunt ? joanna run out of the room . Mike look at harvey . harvey fix it . Mike run out after joanna . ext . STREET outside of pearson , hardman - minute later Mike run up to joanna , who keep walk ... mike joanna , wait ... joanna this be why I do not want to testify . they twist some thing from a hundred year ago and make I look like a liar . she turn to Mike . joanna they make it sound like what he do to I do not happen . mike look , I know it be hard . but it do not matter what happen in there . I need you to have the courage to give testimony to the judge on Friday to keep this case alive . I do not have time to find someone else between now and then ... a legal mind 72 . she look at he , then start walk again ... mike wait -- joanna no . I be not wait . you promise I this would not happen and it do . mike you never tell I you be arrest . joanna please do not contact I again . Mike watch as he chance to win walk away . int . mike 's cubicle - later Mike sit with he head in hand . harvey approach he . harvey what happen ? mike I could not convince she to stand she ground and tell the truth anyway . harvey how the hell do you miss that arrest ? mike I do not know . I go to Rachel , we do every background check we have . harvey do you grill she like I tell you to ? mike it be a seal record ! harvey goddamn it , I know it ! you do not grill she because you be afraid to make she uncomfortable . that 's why I do not get emotionally involved . so I can ask the tough question that you will not . Mike start pack up he thing . harvey so , you be go to quit ? a legal mind 73 . mike it 's either that or wait for Louis to fire I . harvey what be you talk about ? mike my first day , Louis fire Gary lipsky for screwing up a case . he say if I do the same thing I have be go as fast as Gary . harvey then go to you witness 's house and try to get she to testify again . mike I be tell you , I be there today . there 's no way . harvey there 's always a way . mike then why do not you go over there and convince she . harvey because you screw it up . mike and you do not give a damn about the client . harvey that 's not my job . mike do you job include give a damn about I ? because the least you could do be offer to stand up to Louis litt for I . this piss harvey off . harvey stand up for you ?! I put my ass on the line for you , and the first roadblock you stumble into you want to quit . be a success be about know the difference between have ball and have courage . mike and what be that ? a legal mind 74 . harvey you have the ball to get this job , but you do not have the courage to stick it out when it get tough . mike that 's not true . harvey be not it ? you have have one foot out the door since you get here . mike what be you talk about ? harvey I be talk about that second briefcase lock in you desk . ( off Mike 's look ) yeah , I see it . and I know what it be . it 's a backup plan in case this do not work out . you can make some quick cash and go right back to the life you tell I you do not want to lead . this hit Mike hard . harvey so , if you want to quit , go ahead . but it be not because of Louis litt , it be not because of I and be not because of you witness . it 's because you be afraid you might fail and then you will have to look yourself in the mirror and admit you be not as smart as you think you be . a beat . harvey now go home and think about that . if you be here in the morning , I will know I still have a associate . harvey turn and walk away . Mike throw a stack of papers against the wall in frustration . int . subway - a little later Mike be riding the subway with he box of thing and one of he briefcase at he foot . the subway stop . he get off . a legal mind 75 . int . mike 's studio apartment - later Mike enter and flop on the couch . he sit , not know what to do . he reach under the couch and pull out he old bong . he take some pot out , put it in the bong and light a match . before he take the hit , he blow out the match and put it all down in disgust . he get up and leave . int . nursing home - mikea grandmother 's room - later Mike enter grammy 's room . she 's asleep . he sit down next to she and hold she hand . she wake and see he in a suit . grammy Michael , look at you ... I be so proud . mike grammy , I make good on my promise , but ... I want to quit . I can not take it . grammy why ? mike because I can not do the thing I be suppose to do . grammy Michael , when you parent die , I lose my son and my daughter - in- law . I be scared , alone and too old to raise you . she look he in the eye and smile . grammy but I have no choice . I have to make do ... because who else be go to care for my grandson ? I be not go to give you up unless they rip you from my arm . grammy take a deep breath . grammy you make I a promise before . you be in the door . promise I now the only way you will leave be if they rip you out . mike I promise . Mike hug she and exit . as before , he mumble to himself ... mike I just have to do one thing first . a legal mind 76 . int . louis 's office - later that night Louis be work late . harvey storm in . harvey Louis , I get that you be upset because I be promote before you . but if you ever threaten to fire a associate of mine again , I be gonna kick you ass . louis what be you talk about ? harvey do not play dumb with I . you fire Gary lipsky in front of Mike Ross . Louis smirk . harvey what 's so funny ? louis Gary lipsky work in the mail room . harvey what ? louis he be a plant . I do not fire anybody . it be just my way of let Mike know what 's expect of he . harvey what 's wrong with you ? you plant a fake a employee to manipulate Mike and -- a light bulb go off in harvey 's mind . harvey that 's it . ( then , to Louis ) you make I sick . Louis seethes as harvey run out . int . trevor steven 's condominium - a little later Mike , hold the briefcase , use he key to let himself into trevor 's . trevor and Jenny be immediately happy to see he . trevor / jenny Mike ! / thank god . a legal mind 77 . mike I be not give this back because you want it , I be give it back because I do not need it . Mike put the briefcase in front of trevor . Jenny look at trevor , he 's go to have some explain to do ... mike I do not know if I be ever go to forgive you or not , but I know this : we be even . Mike throw the key to trevor 's place back to trevor . mike wait a second ... Mike head into trevor 's bedroom . he come back out hold all of trevor 's two thousand dollar suit . as he exit ... mike now we be even . ext . phillip 's town home - later that night Katherine ring Phillip 's doorbell . he answer . int . phillip 's town home - live room - moment later Phillip pour they each a drink . he hand she the glass ... phillip Katherine , do you think he be go to change overnight ? katherine I be worried he be not go to change at all . I '’11 lose the best attorney I have get . phillip if you care about harvey , put he through the ringer be he only chance . Katherine take a drink of she whiskey . katherine remember when I be come up , it be a different time . woman be not welcome -- I take a lot of cheap shot you never know about . Phillip look at Katherine , '' do not I ? '' a legal mind 78 . phillip that cheap shot forge you into the woman you be today . katherine my point be most man get haze and think , '' I go through it , I be gonna stick it to the next guy . '' I always feel , '' I hate that . why put someone else through it ? '' Phillip drink he whiskey and smile at the irony . phillip then you need to learn to be harder , so harvey can learn to be softer . int . apartment build - later that night harvey knock on joanna webster 's front door . she open it . joanna who be you ? what do you want ? harvey I work with Mike Ross . joanna well , you can save you breath , because I tell Mike there 's no way I be go testify at that hearing tomorrow . she close the door . harvey stop it . harvey that 's not why I be here . I know what you do . joanna what be you talk about ? harvey enter she place as she slowly back away . harvey you be a plant . a fake employee . you never work at Devlin mcgreggor , and you be never harass by Mr. hunt . joanna that 's not -- harvey I could tell you I have get the cancel check , or the wire transfer , or whatever smoking gun that exist , but I do not . a legal mind 79 . harvey look she dead in the eye . harvey but I will . and when I do , you 'il be go to jail . unless you tell I what happen right now . joanna webster do not know what to do . harvey I be the guy you tell . a moment . joanna all I have to do be waste you time until the hearing tomorrow . please , I need the money , I do not want to go to jail ... harvey here 's what you be go to do ... int . harvey' office - next morning harvey 's at he desk . Mike enter , sheepishly . harvey smile . harvey I see you come to work today . Nice suit . mike it be a barter transaction . I get twelve of they for one little briefcase . harvey smile . he 's proud of Mike . Mike get serious . mike listen , I be sorry and -- harvey forget it . when I start , Katherine ride I so hard , I quit once a month . I just tell you what you need to hear . Mike still need to say what he be go to say ... mike that 's just it . when I be ten my mom and dad die in a car accident . after a thing like that , you do not trust anything or anyone . except my grammy . she raise I , she do the best she could ... Mike take a deep breath and get emotional . a legal mind 80 . mike she always tell I what I need to hear . Mike look at harvey . mike I guess it 's time I trust someone else . a moment . harvey be move . he toss Mike a file . harvey merry Christmas . Mike look through the file , absorb it content , then : mike what would you have do with this if I have not come in today ? harvey I would have use it myself . harvey let it sink in that if Mike have not come in today , harvey would not have track he down . then : harvey you know what to do ? mike yeah . Press until it hurt . int . courthouse conference room - later that day Mike slap down a piece of paper . slam ! mike Wire transfer from you account in the amount of five thousand dollar . we reveal that Mike be stand in front of Mr. hunt and he defense counsel . harvey sit quietly at the table along with Nancy . Mike slap down another piece of paper . slam ! mike phone record prove multiple contact with joanna webster prior to she testimony . another document . slam ! mike a affidavit state you pay Ms. webster to falsely testify . ( more ) a legal mind 81 . mike ( cont 'd ) Mr. hunt , harassment be a civil violation , for which you be be sue . Witness tamper be a crime , for which you will go to prison . Mike gather up the piece of paper . mike and I guarantee you be go to learn more about the act of unwanted sexual advance than you ever think possible . mr . hunt you think this be gonna intimidate I ?! even if this evidence be credible , who be you go to get to prosecute I for some piss - ant witness tamper charge ? Mike turn to harvey . mike harvey , do not you graduate law school with New York 's current U.S. Attorney ? harvey in fact I do . I think he might be interested in pursue a case like this . mike be you two close ? harvey I be the best man at he wedding . mr . hunt no you be not . you be bluff . harvey nod to Mike , who put picture in front of Mr. hunt . harvey here 's we at graduation . he 's sad ' cause he just find out I outranke he . ( then ) here 's one with the District Attorney . I would not show he this case , though . he have push for the death penalty . ( then ) here 's one of we at a bachelor party . it be lame , no stripper . but he can not put guy like you away for sexual harassment then go to strip club now , can he ? defense counsel what do you want ? a legal mind 82 . Mike look at Nancy , then address Mr. hunt . mike a statement admit what you do , you resignation , and a guarantee you will obtain treatment before work again . Mr. hunt nod he head yes . mike and Nancy get reinstate with back pay , a raise , and damage in the amount of four year tuition for she son at the most expensive university in the country . defense counsel be we do ? mike yes , we be do . Defense counsel and Mr. hunt exit . Nancy turn to Mike . nancy this be everything I want . my job back , my dignity , a future for freddie ... harvey smile as Nancy hug Mike ... nancy I can not thank you enough . mike it be my pleasure . Nancy shake harvey 's hand . harvey and Mike exit the room ... ext . STREET outside courthouse - a little later harvey and Mike walk out of the courthouse . mike okay , I just have one question , why do you go to joanna webster 's house ? harvey because I figure it out . mike I think you do it because you care about I . harvey I do it because it 's my job . a legal mind mike admit it , you care . I see the smile on you face when I show up this morning . harvey I do not smile . mike say what you want . you know it , and I know it , you smile . a beat . harvey I be think of a funny joke . int . katherine 's office - that night harvey enter , contrite . harvey you know we win . katherine frankly , harvey , I do not care . a moment . this land on harvey . he 's probably never say : harvey I break a promise to you . I be sorry . katherine ( steely ) make it up to I . she toss hima file . he read it . harvey this be a criminal case . I do not -- katherine the man 's innocent . he 's get a family . he need a winner . harvey ( put it together ) you take my partnership away , fold instantly when I threaten you , then ask I to take a pro bono . now you be ask I to do this ? katherine I be not say you can not still do the fun stuff . and this be a pay case ... 83 . a legal mind 84 . harvey what I be wonder be , have you just be manipulate I this whole time into some kind of ... personal growth ? katherine be I smart enough to do that ? harvey hold up the file . harvey be this the last one ? katherine I do not make promise I can not keep . int . mike 's cubicle - later that night Mike head out , harvey join he and hand he the file ... harvey we start on this tomorrow . mike do this mean we be officially a team ? harvey I would not move you thing into Wayne manor just yet . mike so , now you be batman ? harvey closer to he than the fat godfather guy . they approach the elevator as the door open ... mike George clooney ? harvey Christian bale . Mike shake he head no as the elevator the door close . mike ( 0.s. ) do you really quit when you be first here ? harvey ( 0.s. ) of course not . I be not a wuss . end _of show