the secret life of pet written by cinco Paul & Ken daurio and Brian Lynch universal / illumination entertainment 2230 Broadway Santa monica , CA 90404 310.593.8800 this material be the property of illumination entertainment and be intended and restricted solely for illumination personnel . distribution or disclosure of this material to unauthorized person be prohibited . the sale , display , copying or reproduction of this material for any reason in any form , including but not limite to digital or new media , be also prohibited . ext . new york CITY - morning 1 the skyline glimmer in the morning sun as we move across the Hudson toward the city . '' welcome to New York '' by Taylor Swift play . as we pass the statue of LIBERTY , we see a flock of bird flutter into the morning sky . we move into the city , over the Brooklyn Bridge and past the Empire State Building . we see Central Park , line with bright yellow and orange tree of autumn . max ( v.o. ) I have live in this city all my life . Riding through Central Park on she bicycle be katie . her dog max , sit in the bicycle basket . max ( v.o. ) I be Max , and I be the luckiest dog in New York ... because of she . that 's Katie . Katie and Max continue to bike down the street . Max bark happily . max ( v.o. ) Katie and I ...well , we have the perfect relationship . flashback : new york CITY - day 2 Max , as a puppy , sit inside a box that say '' free puppies . '' Katie approach he , pick he up and he lick she face . max ( v.o. ) we meet a few year ago and , boy , let I tell you , we get along right away . you know , it be .. it be one of that relationship where - where you just know . flashback : katie 's apartment - continous 3 puppy Max run around Katie 's apartment and sit on the couch with he green ball . he look at Katie with adorable puppy eye . the secret life of pet 2 . max ( v.o . ) a - and get this - she be look for a roommate ... and so be I ! so I just move in that same day . it be perfect . ext . new york CITY - present day 4 Katie park she bike near flock of pigeon . Max bark aggressively at they . they fly away , except for one . max ( v.o. ) we have be together ever since . Katie would do anything for I . and I be she loyal protector Max approach the remain pigeon . bark at it . the pigeon flap its wing and caw at Max . he backtrack into Katie 's arm . she laugh and pet he reassuringly . int . katie 's apartment - day 5 Katie notice that she shoe be tear up . she open the closet to see Max sit inside , chewing on all she shoe . max ( v.o. ) we love be ... we love be , how do I put this ... we love be stronger than word . or shoe . int . katie 's apartment - live room - day 6 Max be on the couch . Katie be on the phone , pace back and forth . every time Katie pass , Max 's tail wag . max ( v.o. ) it 's I and Katie . Katie and I . ext . front stoop - day 7 it 's pour rain . Katie be in a slicker . Max be ina match slicker . they be wait for it to stop raining . thunder and lightning ! Max bark . Katie hold he close . max ( v.o. ) we against the world . 10 11 the secret life of pet 3. int . kitchen - day 8 as she put the dish into the dishwasher , she let Max lick each one . max ( v.o. ) I would not go so far as to call we soul mate ... int . bedroom —- night 9 Katie and Max sleep in Katie 's bed . Max 's leg kick as he sleep . Katie pat he head and he leg stop kick . max ( v.o. ) ... even though any sane person who see we would ... ext . apartment build - FIRE escape - later 10 Katie and Max sit on the fire escape eat they dinner . she hug Max as she look out into the city . int . katie 's apartment - morning 11 max ( v.o. ) there 's just one little problem ... ( panic grow ) ... pretty much every day ... katie c’mon Max ! max ... she leave . Katie prepare to leave . she wrap a scarf around she neck . Max grab onto it and she pull he along . she scoops he up . katie I ' 1l see you tonight . she kiss he face and set he down . max ( v.o . ) sometimes I try stuff to get she to stay ... the secret life of pet 4. katie okay , sit . Max sit . katie ( cont 'd ) spin ! Max spin around in a circle . katie ( cont 'd ) speak ! Max bark . Katie laugh . katie ( cont 'd ) okay , that 's a good boy . max ( v.o . ) -.- but it never work . she leave . max ( v.o. ) where be she go ? what could she possibly be do ? his face fall and he sigh . max awww , I miss she so much . suddenly , the sound of keys rattling come from the other side of the door . Max spring to he foot . his tail wag like crazy . max ( cont 'd ) whoa - - oh my -- oh , she 's back ! Katie rush back in . katie forget my phone . max what take so long ? why do you -- she grab it and exit . max ( cont 'd ) oh , come on ! ughh ... I miss she so much . he sit by the door to wait for she return . 12 13 14 the secret life of pet 5 . int : apartment - continuous 12 a owner say goodbye to she tiny pomeranian , gidget , and leave . gidget 's owner bye , gidget ! be a good doggie ! gidget climb a couch and gaze through a window at Max , who be across the alley . gidget hey Max ! max ( eye on he door ) hey gidget . gidget any plan today ? max yes . Big , big stuff today , gidget . I get big plan . I be gonna sit here and I be gonna wait for Katie to come back . gidget oh , that sound exciting ! well , I will not interrupt . I have get a very busy day , too . gidget sigh and settles in for a day of stare at Max . montage : in many other apartment , we see owner leave for the day and say goodbye to they pet . int . chloe 's apartment - same 13 a owner bend down to give chloe , she fat cat , some food . chloe 's owner here ya go . see ya later , Chloe ! when the owner leave , Chloe knock the BOWL away . int . pepe 's apartment - same 14 pepe , a Chihuahua , bark excitedly as he owner leave . 15 16 17 18 the secret life of pet 6 . pepe 's owner bye , pepe ! once the owner be out the door , pepe stop bark and walk offscreen , nonpluss . he pull a windowshade to propel he onto a table , and then hop up into a hang flower planter . he then lift he leg and pees in it . he sigh in relief . int : mel the pug 's apartment - same 15 mel , a wide - eye , friendly pug , lick himself as he owner leave . mel 's owner so long , mel ! mel look back at the door , then scoot he butt along the carpet . int : sweetpea 's apartment - same 16 sweetpea , a adorable budgie , sit in he cage . his owner leave . sweetpea 's owner bye , sweetpea ! int : other apartment - same 17 in many other apartment , we see owner leave for the day and say goodbye to they pet . pet owner see ya gino ... bye missy ... i’1l miss you shellie !... later , runty !... bye everyone !... bye ! title : the secret life of pet int : sweetpea 's apartment - same 18 sweetpea fly out of he cage , hit a button on a fan ... tap a button on the remote ... video of fighter jet glide through a canyon play on the big screen tv . sweetpea fly before the tv , act as if he 's part of the air attack on tv . 19 20 21 22 23 24 the secret life of pet 7 . int . chloe 's apartment - same 19 she make she way over to the fridge and see a roasted chicken inside . she open and close the door to the fridge , agonizing over if she should give in and eat . int : mel the pug 's apartment - same 20 mel set up a chair and a end table with treat in front of a window . he open the curtain and sit in the chair , barking at each squirrel he see in the tree outside . int : buddy apartment - same 21 buddy , a daschund , make he way over to the kitchen counter . he knock a mixing bowl to the floor and stand beneath the mixer , let the blade massage he body until he howl , roll over , and fall to the floor . int : chloe 's apartment - same 22 Chloe have devoure the chicken . fat and lethargic , she roll over out of the fridge and land on the floor . but when she get up , she notice a cake on the shelf below . she salivate . int : apartment - same 23 leonard , a dainty poodle sit in a posh apartment . his owner leave for the day . poodle 's owner you be a good boy , Leonard . ... Leonard daintily tap a CD player . punk music blare , and he can finally cut loose , head - bang and dance . we see that there be other pet there , hide . they pop up from behind the couch and headbang with the music . int : katie 's apartment - continuous 24 Max be still wait by the door . Chloe fall from she floor and land in front of Max 's window . chloe hey , Max . the secret life of pet 8. max hey , Chloe . do you ever wonder where they go during the day ? Chloe squeeze through the window ... chloe do you know what ? I just ... I do not really caaare -- she stop . Chloe be stick in the window . max maybe that 's what it 's like for you . but Katie and I have a different relationship . you know , you be a ... you be a cat . so maybe that 's why . cuz nobody could ever love a cat the way they love a dog . I be just say . maybe that 's why . she squeezy through the window inelegantly and fall . she then walk into the apartment as though nothing happen . chloe whatever you need to tell yourself . all the pet emerge from the fire escape , include mel ( dim - witted lovable pug ) , and sweetpea , the adorable , wide - eye budgie . mel hey , mornin 's , Max ! max hey guy . ' sup , sweetpea . sweetpea whistle a greeting . max ( cont 'd ) hey mel , where you be , man ? mel oh ! get this , last Sunday , my owner feed I a small white pill , right . I start to feel a little groggy . the next thing I know , I wake up , I be in the sky . max wait a minute , the - the sky ? the secret life of pet 9 . mel yeah , there be suitcase everywhere . I be lock up ina crate . chloe come on . max there be suitcase in the sky ? mel so I pass out from fear . and when I wake up , I be in Florida . max umm , this do not happen . mel I will never eat a pill like that again . unless it 's cover in peanut butter , because I mean , come on , right ?! it 's peanut butter ! norman , a guinea pig , appear through a vent . norman hey guy ! max ( call out ) oh hey norman . you still look for you apartment ? norman yeah . go on three week now . be this the 2nd or the 3rd floor ? max I do not know any number , but uh , you do not live here . norman aw pellet . well , see you guy later . chloe you know what ? you can do it ! ( beat , to Max ) he can not do it . buddy the dachshund open the door , hang from the knob . 25 the secret life of pet 10 . max buddy ! there you be ! do you find it ? buddy haha , you know I do . buddy present a GREEN ball ! buddy ( cont 'd ) voila ! all the dog perk up . max & mel Ball ! mel Ball , ball , ball !! Max laugh . mel chase the ball around . max Katie 's gonna be so excited ! this be exactly like the one she lose ! I mean , look at it , it 's round . it fit in my mouth ...! Chloe knock it away and Max and mel chase it . max , mel , & buddy Ball ! Ball , Ball ! Chloe laugh to herself . but then Chloe see a laser pointer dot on the floor in front of she . she begin to go crazy for it . reveal that sweetpea have the pointer in he mouth . Max set the ball on the coffee table . max there be no other ball in the CITY like this one ball , guarantee . this be the ball . Chloe stumble around in the background , still chase the laser pointer . int . katie 's apartment - hour later 25 Max sit by the door . he hear Katie approach and wag he tail . the secret life of pet 11 . katie hey ! max katie ! katie I be home , Max ! Max bark excitedly . Katie open the door and peek she head inside . katie ( cont 'd ) hey , maximilian ! how be you day , buddy ? that 's a good boy . Max jump up and push on the door , but Katie stop he . katie ( cont 'd ) oh yes , I be so psyched to see you too , buddy ... bump ! something push from the other side of the door . Katie hold whatever it be at bay . katie ( cont 'd ) ( to Max ) okay , boy , calm down , it 's okay , let 's all be calm ... ( bump ! ) now , I have some ... big news . I know this will take some get use to --- ( bigger bump ! ) --- but , but I think it 's go to be a great thing in the long --- booooom ! duke can not take it any more he push the door open . Duke be a big , fuzzy bulldozer of a dog . katie ( cont 'd ) Max , this be Duke . Max stare at he . like he 's be hit with a ton of brick . we do a classic '' hitchcock Zoom '' on he face . whaaattttt ???? Katie hold onto Duke . katie ( cont 'd ) he 's go to be you ... ( tentative ) ..- brother . Max stare at Duke . then he lip curl up , show he tooth , and he begin growl . 26 the secret life of pet 12 . Duke recoil , whimper and cower , intimidate . Katie quickly step in . katie ( cont 'd ) no , no , Max ! she comfort Duke . katie ( cont 'd ) okay , it 's gonna be alright , Duke . it 's okay . Max can not believe this ! what be this ? Duke lean in close to Max . they stare at each other . Duke lean in close , Max bark at he . then , Duke open he mouth and ... lick Max all over the face , cover he with slobber . katie ( cont 'd ) awww see ? he like you ! Duke turn and race around the apartment , sniff and check the place out . katie ( cont 'd ) hahaha ! aww , hahaha ! yeah , that 's it , Duke . take a look around ... Katie shut the door and lean down next to Max . katie ( cont 'd ) I know , buddy . this be a lot to take in . but he do not have a home . so you and I be go to have to take care of he , okay ? squeak ! Max and Katie turn and see Duke with the ball Max order . Max be horrify . Katie light up . katie ( cont 'd ) oh my gosh Duke find we lose ball ! what a great team we be gonna be ! Katie pull they together , hugging they . Max 's world be crumble around he . Duke chews on the ball so hard that it pop . int : katie 's apartment - night 26 Duke head for Max 's bed , but Max growl at he . no way . Duke meekly lie down on the blanket bed . Max hop into he bed . Katie take Max 's face into she hand . the secret life of pet 13 . katie Love you , maxie . Max flash Duke a look of superiority . katie ( cont 'd ) Love you , Duke ! Max watch , heartbroken , as Katie kiss Duke . katie ( cont 'd ) sleep tight , boy . she blows they a kiss . Katie turn off the light and go into she bedroom , shutting the door behind she . duke psssssst . Max ignore this . so Duke go slightly louder . duke ( cont 'd ) pssssssssst . Max roll he eye , do not look at Duke . duke ( cont 'd ) hey ... little guy . ( whisper ) this place be so great . max uh-huh . duke by the way , that be , that be one gorgeous bed . max yeah , it 's okay . duke maybe we can share , you know , one night you get the bed , the next night , I do , that kinda thing ... max you know , this bed be mine . you , you get a old blanket . that suit you . you be a old blanket kind of a dog . Duke start climbing into max 's bed ! the secret life of pet duke oh wow , you be stubborn ! hey , I get it . I be stubborn , too . but we gotta learn to get along . max wait , what be you ---? duke I bet we can both fit in this bed if we really try . max no , no , no -- no wait -- duke let I scoot on in there -- ahhh. perfect . this be comfy , right ? Duke 's butt be right on he face ! max no it be not --- duke I be comfy . Max be able to pry himself out from under duke ... «..- run away , completely terrified ! 14 . Max run around the corner and head back to she bedroom . he bark wildly as Katie brushes she tooth . max Duke be ruin we life ! he 's ruin -- it 's a emergency that you get rid of this dog ! he steal my -- katie 's Pov shot . Max bark repeatedly . CUT wide shot : max ( cont 'd ) ... and he 's scary and he 's frightening and he 's the death of all good thing . Katie pet he . CUT to : back to : 27 28 the secret life of pet 15 . katie oh , you little cutie pie . we will play tomorrow , buddy , okay ? okay , sleep well ! with that , Katie go into she bedroom and close the door , leave the devastate Max to turn and face Duke who be listen on the other side of the door . duke be you try to get rid of I ? Max gulp . max before I answer that ... I have like to know how much you hear . duke so that 's how it 's gonna be , huh ? oh man , be you make I angry ! and when I get angry , I do this -- he growls . duke ( cont 'd ) -- and I do not wanna do that ! I need this place . and if it 's gonna come down to you or I , it 's gonna be I . Duke gnashes he tooth . Max collapse onto the floor in fear . Duke climb into Max 's bed , while Max be force to lay on the hard floor and cover himself in a sheet . Duke then take the sheet and cover himself with it , leave Max lay on the hardwood floor . fade out . ext : apartment build —- dawn 27 fade in on the next morning . int : katie 's apartment - same 28 Duke be snoring extremely loudly . close on Max 's face . his bloodshot eye be wide OPEN . he have not sleep at all . the secret life of pet 16 . look around , he hurry to the window , climb out , then nervously go up the fire escape . as he climb , gidget call for he . gidget Morning Max ! Max ! Max ! what be you do ? hi! me! hi! hi! he reach Chloe 's window . max Chloe ! Chloe , Chloe ! I get a bad situation . Chloe meow , play with a stuffed mouse . batting it around . max ( cont 'd ) Katie bring home a new dog from the pound ! she say he 's my brother , I do not want a brother ! and I do not even have a bed now . I be sleep on the floor , like a dog . why would Katie do this to I ? chloe because she 's a dog person , Max . and dog people do weird , inexplicable thing like , ... they get dog instead of cat . max okay , please do not start now , Chloe . that be not help . Chloe play with the stuff mouse . chloe Max , come on I be you friend , okay . and as you friend , I gotta be honest with you , I do not care about you or you problem . but if you do not do something about this guy , and soon , you perfect little life with you dumb -- bleh --human be gonna be over , forever . max ( horrify ) forever ?? Chloe try to be nonchalant about the fact that she 's get the mouse stick to she paw . the secret life of pet 17 . chloe forever . yeah , that 's what I just ... why be this mouse on my paw still ? ( think ) look , if you really want to get you turf back , you be gonna have to start act like the alpha dog . max right . Alpha dog . I -- I can do that . CUT to : 29 int . katie 's apartment - later 29 Max plead desperately with Katie to stay . he attaches himself to she leg . max ( desperate ) please do not go ! this time , really do not go . katie okay , o-okay , okay , I be run late . I gotta go . max wait ! wait ! stay for the trick ! '' spin ! '' I be do '' spin ! '' he spin around so fast , he lose he balance . katie you guy be good ! I x11 see you later ! hey ! okay , Max ... max no no no wait wait wait look look look -- he try to follow she , but she close the door . Katie be go . Max look across the live room and see Duke eat both bowl of food . max ( cont 'd ) ( diplomatic ) listen , Duke , I be not sure if you be aware , but one of that food bowl , technically it 's reserve for ... I know maybe you do not read the name , but ... that 's my bowl . the secret life of pet 18 . Duke look up at Max . max ( cont 'd ) ( backtrack ) I know that -- hey , I mean , I -I - I be just think , I dunno ... maybe we could institute some ground rule ? Duke move toward Max with menace . he huff . max ( cont 'd ) I just think that ... or not , I do not - I do not need a bowl . norman pop into the vent again . norman here again ? duke rodent ! Max watch with confusion as Duke run past he . norman ( 0.s. ) ( scream ) aaaaaaaigh !!! Duke sprint across the rug , fly through the air and collide headfirst with the grate . the crash shake the table next to he , knock over a vase . it shatter . Duke be on the floor , daze . Max panic . max oh , Duke , Duke , Katie be not ... Katie 's gonna be so upset when she see that -- Katie 's -- ( get the idea ) .»+- gonna flip out when she see how you trash she whole place . he tentatively approach Duke . duke oh , it 's just , it 's just one vase . max be it , Duke . be it ? Max calmly push over a second vase . crash ! he push piece of paper off the table . the secret life of pet 19 . max ( cont 'd ) awww , that 's a shame ! duke what be you do ? Max saunter over to another table with a picture frame . max whoa , what be I do ? nothing , I be a cute little doggie , I ... Katie know I would not do anything like ... this . Max nudge the table . Duke dive and catch it just before it hit the floor . duke oh no -- whoa -- max this could only be the work of a dangerous stray who have not laid down a foundation of trust . you be the new dog . and hey , Duke , what have you go and do this for ? Max knock over a bowl of fruit . duke ohhh , I be gonna -- max what ? oh , what ? bite I ? rip my face off ? perfect ! wait till Katie find out . Max begin to limp on three leg , drag a limp leg behind he . max ( cont 'd ) ( feign injury ) ohhhh ho , Katie ! thank goodness you be here ! I try to stop he , but ... - he 's ... crazy ! Max fake fainting on the arm of the couch and fall onto the couch . Max leap on top of the mantle and start to pull the cord of the flat screen tv off of its stand with he mouth . Duke gasp . if Max pull the tv any harder , it will shatter onto the ground . 30 the secret life of pet max ( cont 'd ) ( cord in mouth ) now sit . duke okay ! okay , okay ... Duke sit . Max walk up to he . max Lay down ... he do . max ( cont 'd ) good boy . he pat Duke on the nose . ext : new york CITY STREET - day 20 . 30 '' stay alive ( remix ) '' by n- trance play . the Dog Walker walk down the street surround by dog . include Max and Duke who be tethere together . Max have a proud skip to he step - he 's dogge - up and solve he problem . he wink at another dog , back -step into Duke 's face . gidget look down at the dog from she apartment 's window . gidget hi Max ! max hey , gidget ! gidget who 's you new roommate ? be ita girl dog or a boy dog ? not that I care , it do not matter to I . max ( triumphant ) oh , that 's nobody , gidget . he 's just visit . yeah , he - he 's gonna be go soon . Duke glare at Max , he anger smolder beneath the surface . 31 the secret life of pet 21 . ext . dog park —- moment later 31 the dog walker unhook the dog 's leash , when he get to Max 's , he notice a female dog WALKER . distract , he do not remove Max 's leash from he collar , so Max be leave drag it around . dog WALKER hey , what 's up ? female dog WALKER oh , hi . dog WALKER you hat be the best hat I have ever see . female dog WALKER really ? max hey ! Excuse I , genius , you forget my leash ... ( sigh ) never mind ... in the background , a collie try to approach another group of dog . collie hey fella , how 's it go -- aaah ! his retractable dog leash pull he away . he approach a second time . collie ( cont 'd ) hey fella , how 's it go -- aaah ! he approach a third time . collie ( cont 'd ) hey , fella - - aaah ! the leash retract again . Max walk over to Duke . max oh , say , Duke . duke ( sigh ) yes . the secret life of pet 22 . max be a good lad and bring I a stick will not you ? it would please I to chew on a stick just now . Duke glare at Max . max ( cont 'd ) you hear I . ( smile , cut ) fetch . Duke , look defeat , head to the edge of the dog park . he pick up a stick . max ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) Nah , not that one . that one do not please I . find a really good one , Duke . Duke snap the stick in he jaw , then crawl through some thorny bramble . max ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) yeah , that 's it ... Duke 's eye widen . the fence at the edge of the dog park have a large tear in it . duke hey , Max ... Boy , oh wow , there be a ton of stick over here Max ! you should come over and look at ‘em . yeah , I wanna make sure I grab you the right one . max oh that 's very uh ... that 's very thoughtful . he trot over , a cocky grin on he face . duke look at all this stick ! Duke grab he by the collar and drag he through the hole in the fence . max aaaah ! help ! help ! aaaah ! we see Duke drag Max in the background . 32 33 the secret life of pet 23 . mel hey , do you hear that ? a butterfly fly by . buddy Butterfly ! Butterfly ! Butterfly ! mel ooooh ! Butterfly , get it ! the dog start chasing the butterfly . ext . STREET - continous 32 Duke dart around a street corner , drag Max along . max ( dizzy ) wha ... what 's ... Max smashes into bush , stairway , mailbox , tree , etc. , as Duke drag he along . Max scream as he go . he hit a car windshield . the man in the car barely notice . he listen to '' happy '' by pharrell Williams . man in car huh ? Duke turn into a dark alley . ext : alleyway - continuous 33 Duke drag a scream Max by the leash , toss Max into a garbage can , the lid shut . max help , help ! help ! duke so long ! max do not leave I here ! duke do not have to be this way , Max . no hard feeling ! max ( 0.s ) wait ! Duke ! please ! the secret life of pet 24 . we hear Max gasp from within the bin . then , a creepy - look stray cat , ozone , pop he head out , with Max sit on top . ozone oi ! what 's go on here ? Duke turn and look at ozone . duke mind you own business -- oh my gosh , what happen to you ? ozone I have a fight , alright ? with a big stupid dog . he lose . ozone jump out of the trashcan , circle Max & Duke . duke ohhh ... you be head into dangerous territory there , kitty cat . ozone I would watch you tone , sunshine . you know what I be gonna do ? I be gonna cut you into string , ball you up , and then bat you around for hour , in a game that only I understand ! ozone slice dukea collar off , and take it ! ozone ( cont 'd ) oh , very nice , I will take that ! duke huh ? he toss the collar to he second - in - command , nitro . duke ( cont 'd ) ooooh-ho-ho ! you wanna start with I , little raisin ? ozone hiss at he . duke ( cont 'd ) okay , get you umbrella out , kitty ! because here they come ! the thunder --- ( kick trashcan ) --- and the liiiiightning ! ( stomp forward ) right down on you face ! the secret life of pet 25 . suddenly , cat appear everywhere in the window and clothesline above . meow and hiss . Duke 's in for it ! duke ( cont 'd ) gosh there be a lot of you up there . I be talk about the thunder and the lightning that be come down on all of you collective face ! attack on 3 !... ozone brandish he tooth . duke ( cont ’d ) 2 ... aaaaaaaaah ! but Duke turn tail and run for it ! wham ! he hit a dumpster square on , but that do not stop he . he keep run ... duke ( cont 'd ) aaaaaaaah ! I just remember I gotta be somewhere --- the cat turn they attention to Max , who be watch Duke run away . Max turn back to the cat , and then nervously laugh ... max heh heh , that guy , huh , be I right ? Max re-cover the trash can , with himself inside . max ( cont 'd ) okay , I be ju -- you know what , I be just gonna ... no offense , but -- goodbye ! the trash can roll over and hit a dumpster . the cat toss up Max 's trash can --- --- and throw he into the clothesline ! max ( cont 'd ) aaaaaah ! the cat instantly subdue Max and string he up , upside - down , use a dress from the clothesline . he dangle , scream helplessly . one cute-but-demented look kitten appear on Max 's head and use its razor - sharp claw to slash off Max 's collar and drop it down to ozone . 34 the secret life of pet 26 . max ( cont 'd ) huh ? the kitten look at Max with cute kitty eye for a moment . max ( cont 'd ) hey ! hey , you little -- the kitten hop to the end of the line , and slice Max 's clothesline ... max ( cont 'd ) aaaaaah ! Max fall , hit clothesline on the way down that break he fall slightly . he hit the ground but be okay ! max ( cont 'd ) ugggh ... Duke ? suddenly , duke come tearing back ! max ( cont 'd ) you come back ? duke run ! animal control worker be right behind duke , net and pole up ! ozone it 's the po-po ! scram ! the cat run for it ! Max and Duke run around the corner . Duke get caught . Max get caught . animal control worker hal CUT to : Max and Duke in the back of the Animal Control Van . max wait !!! the door to the van slam and the van drive off . ext . dog park - continuous 34 the dog walker gather up he dog . 35 the secret life of pet 27 . dog WALKER ( count dog ) two...four ...six ... eight --hmm . his count be interrupt , as the female dog walker wave at he . female dog WALKER see you tomorrow , guillermo ! dog WALKER you know it . ( back to the dog ) ten ...eh , okay . he lead the dog out of the park . they pass a man talk on he cell phone , use a modern stick device to throw a ball . his dog fetch it . man ( on the phone ) right ...uh- huh ... mel sheez , do you see that ? buddy yeah , I see it . mel throw it with you arm , you lazy weirdo ! hahaha . buddy I would not fetch that , I be old school . buddy & mel laugh as Dog Walker lead the dog out of the park . int : animal control van - day 35 Max and Duke be lock inside a metal cage . they be freaking out . Max attempt to break through the cage with he tooth . the only other animal in the van be ripper , a ferocious pitbull , wear a hannibal lecter -style muzzle . 36 the secret life of pet 28 . max thanks a lot , Duke . I do not like to use this phrase because it 's offensive to we kind , but you be a bad dog ! Katie 's not gonna like this . I -- I can not go to the pound ! ( notice Duke be scared ) what ? what 's wrong with you ? Duke can not take it . duke well Katie just , she just get I out of the pound . and if -- if I go back , Max it 's the end of the line for I . Max realize what this mean . he 's not sure what to say ... clang ! clang ! the tension be break ... ..- by ripper bang he head on the cage . int : gidget 's apartment - day 36 gidget be watch tv , walk in circle she be so excited . on screen : we now return to LA pasion do LA pasion . announcer ( v.o. ) La pasion de la pasion . gidget sigh happily . gidget yes ! on tv : maria , a beautiful woman , enter a opulent room . maria ( on tv ) why ? whyyyy ? gidget ( gasp ) what 's the matter , Maria ? fernando , a refine man , approach she with concern . fernando ( on tv ) Maria , you face , it wear a thousand sorrow . what be wrong ? 37 the secret life of pet 29 . maria ( on tv ) I have come face to face with the worst thing in the world . gidget what ? oh , tell I Maria ! tell I now I cannot bear another moment without knowing ! she run around anxiously and return to watch the television . maria ( on tv ) loneliness . Fernando gasp . gidget gasp . then gidget hear barking outside . gidget Max ! Max ! Max ! she head for the window --- ext . katie 's build - day 37 the dogwalker be bring the dog home . mel and buddy be barking at a squirrel . gidget do not see Max ! gidget huh ? mid-bark , we translate to : mel hey ! I see you , squirrel ! buddy this be not you area ! we mark that tree ! the squirrel laugh at he and throw acorn at he . mel do not you try and hide ! I can see -- buddy what be that ?! how dare you ! gidget shout down at they from she window . gidget hey guy , where 's Max ? 38 the secret life of pet 30 . mel nobody like you , squirrel ! they continue to throw acorn . gidget guy , seriously , where be Max ? buddy calm down , girl , he 's right -- ( look ) --- huh , he be go . mel oh it 's fine , I hear he screamin’ after he disappear into that bush . gidget max be gone ! ?!? gidget be really start to freak out as she watch the dog walker lead the other dog into they building . int . gidget 's apartment - continuous 38 gidget pace . gidget this be bad . this be so bad . on tv : fernando grab maria by the shoulder . dramatic music build : fernando Maria ! if he be you true love , you must go to he ! save he ! save he ! gidget yes ! yes ! save my true love ! gidget run across the apartment , out the window , run across the flower bed --- gidget ( cont 'd ) I be come Max ! --- and take a fly leap . she begin to fall ... she hit a window awning , which launch she across the alley ... she scream as she crash into the side of the building . 39 the secret life of pet 31 . she frighten Chloe , who be sleep on the windowsill . gidget ( cont 'd ) hi Chloe , if anyone ask , I be on my way to the roof to look for Max . she startles Chloe again , who grab the curtain . the curtain rod break and she fall to the ground . gidget ( cont 'd ) okay , bye bye . gidget walk away . ext . STREET - day 39 a manhole lid slide open in the middle of the street . snowball , a adorable bunny , hop out , block the path of the Animal Control truck . the truck come to a screeching halt . the driver climb out . animal control worker 1 whoa , you see that ? animal control worker 2 yeah , give I a second . the worker get out of the van and approach the bunny . animal control worker 2 ( cont ’d ) awww hey there , cute little bunny ? whatcha do in the middle of the road ? the bunny , snowball , turn , look up at the man . the bunny leap up and bite the driver 's neck . snowball beat up the driver , who fall to the ground scream . snowball aieeee ! animal control worker 2 ( scream ) aaaaah ! Bunny ! the other animal control worker , brush he mustache , sit up . the secret life of pet 32 . animal control worker 1 huh ? hey , what 's go on ? what the -- CUT to : snowball 's posse emerge from the manhole : a tattooe pig and a bearded Dragon . they sprint toward the truck . snowball 's victim fall to the ground , writhe in agony , clutching he throat . animal control worker 2 save yourself ! snowball hit he with a carrot . snowball shut it , human ! l let 's do this ! now ! now ! now ! snowball hop toward the truck , with fire in he eye . the first Worker stare at the bunny with horror . as he step on the gas , snowball and he posse converge in the cab of the truck . animal control worker 1 hey , get off I ! the second Worker chase after the truck animal control worker 2 wait up !! the pig and bearded Dragon attack the driver . animal control worker 1 get off I pig ! get off ! ow ow ow ! Max and Duke slide back and forth in they cage , as the truck swerve out of control . max what 's happen ?! woaaah ! duke I do not know !! the truck continue to swerve as snowball climb into the hold area . the secret life of pet 33 . snowball aieee ! ripper ! ripper , where you at ? let 's go , ripper ! I be busting you outta here ! he bite a carrot into a key and frees ripper . then , raise a triumphant fist ... snowball ( cont 'd ) the revolution have begin ! liberate forever , domesticate never ! yeeeaahhh ! animal control worker 1 ( 0.s. ) ( scream ) ow ! ow ! Max and Duke look out the back window and see the second worker tumble in the middle of the street . the truck swerve crazily . duke ( gasp ) who 's drive this thing ? CUT to : in the cab , bearded Dragon manically steer while tattoo manically flip through a map book - a page in he mouth . the bearded Dragon be too small to keep control and the wheel spin , send the van even further out of control . Max and Duke scream , as snowball and ripper slide to the back of the van . a open door hit a fire hydrant and break off . the truck crash into a building . Max and Duke be smashed against they cage . max & duke uuuugh . snowball and ripper recover . the pig burst through the door . they make they way out of the van . snowball let 's go ! l let 's go , let 's go , let 's go ! Duke look outside ; smoke be start to emerge from the van . duke who be you guy ? the secret life of pet 34 . snowball huh ? who be we ? who be we ? ( a beat ) we be the flushed pet ! thrown away by we owner , and now we be out for revenge ! it 's like a club , but with bite and scratch . max take we with you ! snowball approach they cage and sniff they . snowball I do not think so , pet . yeah , you get the stench of domestication all over you . you choose you side . and now you be gonna burn . max no! stop ! who you call pet ? I be not no pet ! you get it all wrong ! we be , we be just like you guy . we hate human . hate they ! duke uh yeah , that 's right ! max oh man , do not get I start on people , amiright , Duke ? duke yeah , that 's why we burn we collar , man ! max we burn ‘em to the ground ! duke --- and ... kill we owner ! max yeah -- wait a minute , that 's too far maybe ? ( off animal look ) no , they dig it , yes , we whacked ‘em . duke yeah , that 's right ! max bang bang with we own paw ! the secret life of pet 35 . duke if I have a dime for every owner I kill -- max oh yeah ! duke -- I would have a dime because I just kill the one . snowball qo000 woo ! aw , y’all cold blooded . aw man , you remind I of my boy , ricky . he die though . rip ricky ! you know , the truth be , the struggle could use some more muscle . alright , look , I will tell you what . we ’1ll bust the both of you outta here , but understand this , from now on , you work for I . duke that 's fine . max sound like a fun challenge ! snowball unlock Max and Duke 's cage . they fall , slamm to the ground , and quickly escape out the back with the other . snowball alright guy , let 's do this ! the van explode . Duke and Max scream . snowball ( cont 'd ) to the sewer ! max the sewer ? snowball what be y’all wait for ? I be not play . I say , to the sewer !! they follow snowball and he posse into a storm vent , scream as they fall . from the inside , we hear snowball shout : snowball ( cont 'd ) Long live the revolution , sucker !! 40 4l the secret life of pet 36 . ext . katie 's apartment build - day 40 gidget , sweat and out of breath , climb up the fire escape . each step be a monumental task for a dog she size . gidget uppp.-.-. I can do it ... ext . roof of max 's apartment build - continuous 4l gidget pull herself up onto the roof . gidget Max ! max !!! Max ! Max ! Max ! Max ! Max ! exhausted , she push a upside down clay pot towards the edge of the roof and hop up . she flop on the ground , out of breath and exhaust . she look out on the New York skyline . it 's big . immense actually . gidget ( cont 'd ) where be you , Max ? ( sigh ) tiberius ( 0.s. ) look like you could use a little help . gidget who say that ? tiberius ( 0.s. ) over here . in this dark and forebode shed . gidget turn and see a foreboding , wooden shed . she approach . gidget uh ... hello ? through a SMALL window , we see the dark shape of tiberius , a red tailed hawk . his sharp claw glint in the sunlight . tiberius I can see for mile . if you let I out , I will find you friend . the secret life of pet 37 . gidget wow , really ? awww , you be so sweet . tiberius you be sweet , too . ( sniff ) gidget oh , thanks , stranger ! tiberius but not too sweet . there 's also a salty , gamey thing go on . gidget yeah , that 's I ! come on , let 's get you out of that shed . gidget open the door . as she walk toward tiberius , we hear a horrible crunching sound . Light hit tiberius and we see that he 's wear a hood . tiberius yeah . that 's it . just step over the pile of bone . gidget pile of bone , okay , will do ! I sure hope Max be safe ! tiberius you be a very thoughtful food . food ? I do not say that , I say friend . I mean food . fr--friend . you know what I mean . gidget I be sure lucky I find you , uh ... tiberius ... tiberius . and yes , this be a very good thing for you , this whole meeting I thing . take off my hood . she take it off . tiberius spread he wing and lunge at gidget . gidget squeal and leap out of the shed ; tiberius fly out of the shed and after gidget as she race across the roof . gidget ahhh , no ! aaah ! the secret life of pet 38 . he 's about to catch up with she , when he chain run out of slack . he collapse on the ground , choking . tiberius ah ! the chain ! ah! gidget oh ! you try to eat I ! tiberius ( ashamed ) I be sorry . gidget you should be sorry ! you deserve to be lock up ! you be a bad , bad bird ! tiberius look guilty . tiberius I can not help it . I be bear with killer instinct . gidget that be just no excuse ! tiberius you be right . even for a predator , I be selfish . I be a selfish predator . it 's no wonder I have no friend , nobody ... this be hopeless ... he start to cry . gidget ( sympathetic ) oh , do not ... there 's no need to cry . I be sorry that I yell at you before . tiberius please take off the chain . this time I will help you . I promise . gidget tiberius , this be go to sound completely horrible , but um , I do not fully trust you . tiberius avert he eye , deeply hurt and cry . the secret life of pet 39 . gidget ( cont 'd ) oh no no but ... I guess everyone deserve a second chance . and you be just a lonely old bird and you do have weird manners because you live in a weird shed on a roof . so , I will tell you what . if you find Max ... I '' 1l be you best friend . tiberius best ... friend ? you and I ? on tiberius as we dissolve to : best friend montage ! set to Queen 's you 're my best friend . - gidget hold onto tiberius as he fly over New York City . so happy . point out all the sight ! attack squirrel ! squirrel aaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhh ! end montage : tiberius yes , that sound nice , let 's do this ! gidget okay ! she unclasp he chain . after a tense beat , he take a deep breath ... tiberius so what do this " Max " look like ? gidget Brown and white . he 's a short hair . roguishly handsome . he 's get a sparkle in he eye ... tiberius he sound dreamy . gidget you have no idea . I mean whaaat , whatever , shut up . pffft. mm-mm . he take off . 42 the secret life of pet 40 . tiberius if my owner come , put on the hood and pretend to be I ! gidget okay , thank you ! int . sewer - day 42 Max and Duke follow behind snowball , as the bunny and he posse make they way down through the wind , twist sewer tunnel , lead ever further underground . Max look around , take in the dark tunnel full of the city 's rotting , discard , detritus . pass chunks of trash and molding fish bone , Max recoil as the stench hit he ... max ugh , smell be disgusting ... ( off snowball 's look ) --- ly good , this be all so great . Love it here . snowball stop in front of a a set of bar which lead into another tunnel . suddenly the iron bar begin to slither and hiss . the bar be actually snake ! they hiss in unison . snake what 's the password ? snowball password ? l-look at I , I be you leader . the leader do not recite the password . the leader make up the password , idiot ! everybody , I be make up a new password right now . the new password be don ’t ask the leader for the password . the snake 's eye turn green and they move aside , allow entry . snowball perk up . Max and Duke look even more nervous . snowball ( cont 'd ) follow I . up ahead , snowball come to a sudden stop up , just as the sewer tunnel open up into a vast cavern like room . with water run through it and bit of refracted light come from small crack in the concrete and strange bit of moss and vegetation grow , it feel like some kind of subterranean jungle - a bizarre world within a world . the secret life of pet 41 . lead they into the '' jungle '' ... snowball ( cont 'd ) ( proud ) welcome to the underbelly , brother . Home of the flushed pet ! absolutely shocked , Max and Duke stare at the cavernous room , realize it be inhabit by snake , lizard , newt , frog , fish , scorpion , tarantulas ... every kind of slithering creature imaginable , along with other reject animal like cat , dog , ferret , hamster , etc . snowball ( cont 'd ) Brothers and sister ! as you see I have return from the surface with two new recruit . this guy be owner- killer ! everyone cheer . Max and Duke smile nervously . snowball ( cont 'd ) hey ! hey ! settle down ! guy , I want you to tell ‘em how you do it . go ahead , tell they the whole story about how you take out you owner ! do not leave out nothing . we love gory detail here . flushed pet aw yeah ! another flushed pet tell we ! max right. duke so tell they , Max . max okay . okay , so . I be like --- duke well , we be like --- max -- take that ! ( do karate move ) duke yeah ! the secret life of pet max -- stupid owner . so , that 's , that 's who you 's re deal with . snowball that story bored I to death . tattoo boooor ! snowball give we detail ! duke okay . . . Max ? max okay , well uh ... so there 's this thing in the ... kitchen -- duke yeah . table ! max it 's like , flat . duke toaster ! max and then round on ... just the end of it . snowball a spoon ? duke yes , a spoon ! max exactly . snowball you can not hurt someone with a spoon . you scoop with a spoon . how many people wanna know how to kill somebody with a spoon ? flushed pet I do ! oh yeah ! 42 . the secret life of pet 43. duke uh , okay , uh , well ... we- -we used the spoon to hit a button on this , this machine on the counter ... max right , right right , and it 's get that blade that -- ( blade noise ) duke the uh , you know the uh ... it 's get blade ! snowball be it a blender ? ooooh ! you blend somebody ? he talkin’ about the blender , guy . oh , please tell I it be a blender ! max hey , buddy , I do not ask what it 's call , we just kill with it . duke but it be a blender . snowball wooo ! y’all hear this ? you know who be like this ? ricky ! Rest in peace ! ricky be the only soldier I have that be ready to kill human on sight . snowball point to a memorial for ricky . we see that ricky be a goose . snowball ( cont 'd ) everybody else need a pep talk . not this two brother . everyone cheer . snowball ( cont 'd ) see , all of we have suffer at the hand of man . I mean , take I for instance . I be a magician 's rabbit for kid party . but then , bunny trick go out of style . so what do my owner do ? my owner go and leave magic behind and make I disappear ... from he life . the secret life of pet 44 . tattoo uh-huh . I live in a tattoo parlor ! the trainee use to practice on I ! until they run outta space ! tattoo turn around , show he ink back . Duke look sad to hear this . snowball I mean , yes , human say they love we , but then they turn around and throw we out like garbage . ai not that right , seamonkeys ? seamonkey hey , it 's not we fault we do not look like the ad ! snowball yeah ! alright , you guy be join the brotherhood . it 's initiation time ! flushed pet oh yeah ! yeah ! duke what ? max I be sorry , what time ? snowball summon the viper ! the flushed pet begin stomping . they drag Max and Duke towards the pipe . max aaah ! be this viper poisonous ? because I should warn you I be very allergic to poison . ext . roof of max 's apartment buildiing - day 43 gidget stand on the roof . tiberius land , toss ozone at she foot . ozone begin to lick he paw . ozone ow-oof , ugh . the secret life of pet tiberius alright , show she . ozone cough up Max 's collar . gidget ( gasp ) Max 's collar ! where be he ? w-what happen to he ? ozone I be not sayin 's nothin '! eeugh 45 . tiberius shove ozone off the roof , hold he over the edge precariously . tiberius you be gonna tell we where Max be , and you be gonna tell we now . ozone be this suppose to scare I ? I be a cat , I land on my foot ! tiberius do it always happen , cuz you head look like it 's take a lot of landing . ozone do you want I to cut ya ? cuz I will cut ya this way and that , you will look like a waffle . tiberius yank he back up , throw he to the ground . tiberius okay , he 's too stupid to talk and too ugly to eat . gidget scream and leap on top of ozone . ozone aaaaah ! gidget I be do play nice ! where . be . max ? ozone whu --? I -- oof ! gidget smack he . 44 the secret life of pet 46 . gidget tell I . gidget snarl , smack he again . ozone wuh -I , I ... let I finish -- ow ! gidget smack he . ozone ( cont 'd ) wh- uh -- help I --- gidget smack he . gidget ( raging , deep voice ) do not look at he , look at I . nobody can help you . where . be . max ? ozone okay ! okay ! he 's in the sewer ! he get take , please ! have mercy , adorable puffy dog ! gidget gasp , look up in horror . int . sewer - same time 44 as the flushed pet move the sewer pipe , they chant '' snake bite ! snake bite ! '' . finally they align the pipe directly in front of Max and Duke . Max and Duke stare into the pipe , terrify . snowball as proof of you allegiance , you will now receive the bite of a one fange , half - blind viper , fuel by a diet of anti - human rage ! just then a enormous , mutant viper slither out from a pipe and hiss . the viper open he mouth . Max and Duke stare at he sharp fang . snowball ( cont 'd ) who want to go first ? max uh , yeah , okay , here 's the thing though -- I mean , it 's -- the secret life of pet 47 . snowball approach Max . snowball tiny dog...can I call you tiny dog ? it fit you . let 's admit that . I mean , look , between you and the fat dog , I like you the best . max oh , thank you ! snowball tiny Dog 's gonna go first . everybody , t.d. 's go first ! the flushed pet cheer and push Max toward the viper . max ( weep ) no no no no no , tiny Dog do not want to go first . take the fat dog ! aaaah ! aaaah ! he pass Duke . the flushed pet continue to chant . flushed pet snake bite ! snake bite ! snake bite ! Max be drag over to the viper . they grab he and hold he up to the snake . max no no no no no stop -- oooh no no no -- nitro ( 0.s. ) stop !!! Max smile with relief as the viper stop . everyone turn and see nitro , ozone and the cat . Max 's smile fade . nitro ( cont 'd ) what be you do initiate a couple domestic ? snowball domestic ? Max wriggle free and quickly hide beneath Duke . nitro yeah , we just jump that two in the alley . slashed off they collar . the secret life of pet 48 . snowball ( to Max and Duke ) no no no , that -- that 's not true . you say you burn you collar . max well , burn , lose , have they steal by cat . it 's all just word , really , be not it ? snowball you do not deserve to be mark by the viper . max oh , no ... duke we will just show ourselves out . snowball you deserve to be eaten by the viper ! get that leash lover ! the animal charge Max and Duke . they scream . Duke notice the viper 's tail . duke hold on ! the pet tackle Duke . he bite down on the viper 's tail . he swing the viper around wildly , knock out the flushed pet , include snowball . max go get they , Duke ! Duke lets go and the viper fly , become wrap around a wooden pole . he lunge for Max , but can ’t reach . as he continue to lunge for Max , he pull the pole away from the ceiling , and debris fall , crushing the viper . the flushed pet gasp . but the viper emerge again , ready to bite Max ! but then even more debris fall on top of he . and then a huge concrete slab . and then it catch on FIRE . max ( cont 'd ) uh , fella , that be a accident . snowball you squish the sacred viper ! ( weep ) ( more ) the secret life of pet 49 . snowball ( cont 'd ) he 's a flapjack ..oh viper ... viper , you in a better place ! you and ricky ! you be not never do nothing to nobody !... well , you bit a lot of people viper , so technically , you might actually deserve this . this might be something that be long overdue . but it should not have come like this ! not on my watch ! ( to the flushed pet ) get em ! the flushed pet begin to chase Max and Duke . duke oh no . come on ! Duke grab Max and carry he through the sewer . Max scream . they enter a long tunnel . Duke drop Max . max aah ! wait up , Duke ! behind they , we hear the cry of the flushed pet . max ( cont 'd ) we be sorry ! can this be over now ? Max follow the sound of Duke 's voice and slam into he body . duke we have get a problem . max we have so many problem , which one do you mean at this moment ? Duke step out of the way , revealing that the tunnel have lead they to a huge drop . a hundre feet below they , a rushing , subterranean river of sewage flow by . Max turn around . the flushed pet turn a corner , pop into view . they be run at Max and Duke , bare they fang and claw . snowball stop run , dummy ! stop it right now ! Duke glance back and forth at the flushed pet and Max . duke hold you breath . 45 the secret life of pet 50 . max hold my breath --? Duke knock Max off the ledge , then jump in after he . duke / max ( scream ) aaaaaaaaiiiiiggggghh ! they plummet through the air , finally landing with a splash into the rush river of sewage . snowball stand above , look down at they . snowball graaaahhhhh ! Max and Duke struggle to keep they head above water . max this be my least favorite part of this whole thing so far !! int . gidget 's apartment - minute later 45 the pet have join up in gidget 's apartment . she make she way through a modernist bookshelf and stand on the top . gidget Friends ! I be afraid that I have some terrible news . mel the squirrel be gonna take over the world . I know it . I always say , squirrel be little shifty little guy . gidget no , we be not do the squirrel thing right now , that 's not -- no . Max be miss . he 's out there somewhere . lost. scare . so , so handsome . we have get to find he and bring he home . mel but the outside world be loud and scary . oooh ! be that a hawk ? gidget this be my friend tiberius . he 's go to help we . ( more ) the secret life of pet 51 . gidget ( cont 'd ) he 's not go to eat we , we have already be over it . tiberius fly onto the bookshelf , next to gidget . the dog cower under the table . Chloe cower in she fishbowl . buddy come on , gidget . we go out there without a leash , we will get catch by a net ! or something worse ! mel yeah , like a hawk ! gidget we be waste time ! Max need we ! buddy come on , girl , Max do not even know you be alive ! gidget well I do not care ! I love he ! I love he with all of my heart ! and I be gonna go look for Max , no matter who 's with I . so ... who 's with I ? no one respond . the Chihuahua walk away . door shut behind he . gidget ( cont 'd ) alright , fine . Fine . chloe oh come on , guy . I can not believe you . the dog turn and face Chloe . chloe ( cont 'd ) when I get my claw catch in the curtain , who pull I down ? Max do . chloe ( cont 'd ) buddy , mel . when you be fix , who teach you to sit the comfortable way ? buddy Max do . the secret life of pet 52 . mel Max do ! Max do , he do it ! chloe and when that random cat try to eat sweetpea , who save he ? buddy it be not a random cat , it be you -- sweatpea chirp in agreement . chloe the identity of the random cat be not the point , we be talk about who save he ! mel Max do ! buddy we gotta save he . we gotta go save max ! suddenly norman pop out of one of the vent . norman yeah ! let 's go save Max ! uh , which one be Max , again ? suddenly , tiberius rocket at norman . tiberius grab norman -- tiberius ( mouth gape ) mmmm ... gidget tiberius ! no! bad , bad bird ! tiberius pat norman on the head . tiberius heh heh . Nice little guy . tiberius keep patting norman on the head . wo not stop . tiberius ( cont 'd ) niiiiice little guy . mmm ... norman heh heh . I like this bird . crazy bird . heh , heh heh . 46 47 48 49 the secret life of pet 53 . int . underground river 46 Max and Duke swim with frantic desperation , as they be sweep downstream towards a swirl whirlpool . Duke sink into the whirlpool . a moment later , so do Max . int . underwater - continuous 47 the swirl water pull Max and Duke through a pipe . int . pipe - continuous 48 Max and Duke , look panicked , rocket through the long , curving twist and turn of the pipe . ext . hudson river 49 Max and Duke and gallon of sewage run- off shoot out of a pipe ... max / duke ( scream ) aaaaaaaiiiigggh ! they splash into the water . they swim to the surface , panting and terrify . duke come on . we gotta get to shore ! max I only know the doggy paddle ! ( struggle ) and I do not know it well ! duke swim , tiny dog , swim ! Max keep slip under the water , too tired to stay afloat . Duke spot a passing ferry . Max and Duke swim with all they might . Duke grab the step on the back of the ferry . max Duke ! help ! he pull himself up and toss a life ring to Max . duke Max , grab the ring ! Max bobble the ring . the secret life of pet 54 . max I -- I can not ! duke keep it up , Max ! you be do -- well , you know , you be not do great , but you be not drown , and that 's something ! Max strain --- Duke begin to pull Max in . duke ( cont 'd ) you be almost there ! Duke almost lose the rope . he gasp . he grab it just in time . Duke pull he in . heaving chest , panting , Max be wide - eye scared . they shake the water off they fur . max thanks , Duke . duke no problem . max ( out of breath ) finally ... I be go home . they look up and see the glitter skyline of Manhattan . it recede into the distance . they be go to Brooklyn . duke uh , be not home that way ? Max droops with disappointment . just when thing could not get any worse ... max agh. seriously ? the ferry 's horn honk , startling they . angle on the water pipe . snowball , ripper and tattoo try to get out of the water pipe but the grate prevent they . snowball pull on it . snowball graaaaaaah ! he see Max and Duke motor away on the ferry . 50 51 the secret life of pet 55 . snowball ( cont ’d ) they be go to Brooklyn . tattoo they say everyone 's go to Brooklyn this day . make a real comeback . snowball I be not talk about hipster real estate trend . I be talk about vengeance , tattoo ! death be come to Brooklyn and it 's get buck tooth and a cotton tail . ext : alley 50 buddy jump on top of a dumpster , then a air conditioning unit , and then onto a fire escape . buddy let 's go ! a ladder slam down in front of the pet . int : pop 's apartment - day 51 the pet crawl through a open window . they walk into a apartment , which be teeming with dog and cat . '' good Day ft . nappy root '' by greg Street play . cat play a catapult game , adhere to curtain with they claw . a group of dog circle each other , sniff each other 's butt . dog hi how be you ?... hi , how be ya ?... enchante ... a group of dog sit in a circle around a toilet , root for another dog drink the toilet water . dog ( cont 'd ) chug ! chug ! chug! chug !... yaaay ! leonard sit look posh . he flick the CD player on with he nose , and wild punk music play . he headbang , rock out with a chameleon and a chihuahua . the secret life of pet 56 . a cat on top of the stereo switch the music back to the party soundtrack , and Leonard walk off . norman what be this crazy joint ? buddy ha ha ha , this be pop 's place . his owner be never home , so it 's kind of a hot-spot . pop know everyone in this city . if he agree to help we , Max be as good as found . norman cool ! gidget ah ! fabulous ! Chloe notice a packing tube sit in a box . she stick she head in it and get stuck . she try to swat it off she head to no avail . she begin to stumble around in a frenzy , knock into thing . she stumble onto a treadmill , where the tube finally come off she head . she be thrown off the treadmill and be launched into the dishwasher , which turn on for a moment and spit she out onto a buffet table , where she knock over all the food . she fall off the buffet table , with each paw in a cupcake she awkwardly walk offscreen . several dog laugh at she . bag dog tell I you got that ! peanut , a dog be filming the whole thing with a go- pro for pet . he look up . peanut oh heck yes I do ! buddy what 's up , peanut ? peanut hey , buddy . Chloe run by in the background with the bag on she head . buddy you see pop around here ? the secret life of pet 57 . peanut yeah , he 's over there . pop who be sleep . he 's a elderly basset hound , whose now - paralyze hind leg be propped up with wheel . two hamster massage and fan he . they walk up to pop , who be snoring and muttering . pop ( mutter ) my money 's on the .... mud and sweet potato . buddy hey , pop ! pop ! pop ( wake up ) who 's that ? what ?! oh , hey buddy . buddy how you be , old timer ? pop paralyze . the pet look at he , horrify . gidget great ! listen , Mr. pop , we friend Max be take . last we hear , he be lose in the sewer . buddy say that maybe you could ... help we ? pop you know , I do know a guy in the sewer , but um ... ( think ) ah , I do not go out anymore . chloe what a waste of time ... pop who say that ? chloe oh , I say it . by the way , I mean no offense , I just ... have you see yourself ? the secret life of pet pop welly - well - well well , looky what we apparently have here . meezy would like to have a look -see . myron ! brow ! myron do , make pop wink . chloe oh. no ... pop oh yes . I like what I see . well , what I can see . it 's all a attractive blur . chloe uhhh ... pop Little lady , this be my city . i’1ll find you friend . alright , party 's over ! myron ! vacuum ! the closet door open . myron be on top of the vacuum . turn it on , cause the pet to scatter frantically . pop and the pampere pet walk out of the apartment . pop ( cont 'd ) so where be you from , my fuzzy angel ? chloe dude , I be a cat . pop well , nobody 's perfect ! 58 . myron as they walk off -screen , we see the other pet still running away from the vacuum in a frenzy . 52 ext . shore of brooklyn the boat dock . Max and Duke walk off ... duke ugh , I be so hungry ... 52 ... they see a guy be eat a submarine sandwich on a bench . Duke immediately start drool . the secret life of pet 59 . duke ( cont 'd ) oh , man . wouldya look at that sandwich ? max alright . time to work the gift . on the guy . he 's about to take a bite , when he hear whimpering . look down . a wet , wide - eye , hungry Max be stare at he . Duke be too , do he best to look pathetic . so adorable . the guy think about it , and then quickly finish he sandwich and run off . max ( cont 'd ) no , no , no no no no ! Max and Duke look out at the East River and Manhattan on the other side . Duke sigh . max ( cont 'd ) okay , this -- this will be fine . we be fine . we can find we way home . we be descend from the mighty wolf ! we have raw , primal instinct that be mere moment away from kick in and lead we home ! duke I cannot wait . here it come . a beat . max anything ? duke no . wait , oh , I -- ( sigh , collapse ) no . max I dunno , Duke , maybe the legend of dog come from wolf be just wrong . like maybe one puppy ask he mom '' where have we come from '' and the mom say '' woof '' and the kid be like '' oh wolf ? and she be like , '' yeah fine . '' he lie down , defeat . 53 the secret life of pet 60 . duke sausage . max huh ? duke you smell that ? Max sniff . max oh man it be --- duke sausage . Max sniff . max well then what be we waiting for ? ( yell out ) we 're coming for you , baby ! wagging they tail , they take off away from the ferry . ext . rooftop - day 53 pop lead the pampere pet through a rooftop . he approach a tabby loung on a solar panel . pop lower the ramp , dummy . tabby who be they ? pop this be puffball , squash - face , Weiner Dog , yellow Bird , Eagle - Eye , guinea pig Joe , and of course my girlfriend Rhonda . Chloe sigh . chloe 100 % wrong . pop chuckle . tabby move out of he way , lowering a panel . tabby good enough . 54 the secret life of pet 61 . pop go to the ledge . pop come on ! let 's go ! move it or lose it ! tiberius every bird instinct I have say do not follow a dog on wheel . gidget um , Mr. pop , sir , should not we be head to the sewer ? pop now if we take the human route , get there 's gonna take day . you may have lot of time , but for I , every breath be a cliffhanger . so we gotta take the secret route - -- he step off , it look like he fall ! the animal gasp , save for Chloe --- chloe okay the secret route be death . well , that 's that , I guess . pop come on ! get down here ! but no ! pop be walk on the window washer 's scaffolding . the animal follow . Chloe struggle to get down . sweetpea peck at she paw , try to make she fall onto the scaffold . chloe sweetpea ... she hit the scaffold with a thud . pop press a button on the scaffold and it plummet down to another level of the roof . the pet scream . they land . pop keep move ... ext : time square 54 they walk through Times Square . Chloe 's youtube video be play on the giant screen . 55 56 57 58 the secret life of pet 62 . chloe ( horrify ) oh no . a crowd be beneath , watch and laughing . chloe ( cont 'd ) stop it ! look away ! ext . apartment 55 tiberius and sweetpea land on a apartment balcony . a flurry of pigeon also land on the balcony , drop off the other pet , whom they have transport through the air . int : apartment 56 a iguana open a slide door for pop . the pet walk through the messy apartment -- which belong to the Dog Walker - - eat the food on he coffee table as they pass by . he sleep , as Chloe walk across he . ext : rooftop - continuous 57 they continue to walk along a rooftop . they walk onto a construction platform , which be lift and place on top of another rooftop . pop be knock off the platform , but be pick up by another girder and be place right next to the other pet . pop come on ! I do not have all day ! ext : more rooftop - continuous 58 they continue to walk along rooftop and scaffoldings . they reach the end of the rooftop and pop enter a tube . the pet hesitate , but then follow he down the tube . they scream as they head down - except norman , who cheer excitedly . they land on the ground , on top of tiberius , who have land ahead of they . norman land on top of the pile and laugh . they continue onward . pop come on , slowpoke ! 59 the secret life of pet 63 . they be stand in front of a large drainage pipe . the pet be gross out by the smell of the sewer . buddy ugh ! what be that smell ? pop it 's poo poo with a dash of caca . ext . street of brooklyn 59 Max sniff the air . max scent be get stronger ! duke ohhohoho ! they run down the sidewalk . Duke knock a man over . they stop at the front gate of a enormous sausage factory . max oh man . Duke . let 's eat ! duke oh yes ! they run toward the building and jump into basket be load onto a conveyor belt . max ( sniff ) oh , it smell so good ! the basket move toward open gate ... and into the sausage factory ! heavenly music play as they look inside the factory at a endless supply of sausage roll down conveyor belt . duke oh yes ! max & duke sausages !!! they open they mouth to the sausage machine , gobble up each sausage as soon as its make . they see something in front of they and react with awe . 60 61 the secret life of pet 64 . int : sausage factory - fantasy sequence 60 the factory become a sausage CITY , with a sausage train operate by a smile sausage conductor . sausage conductor come on , boy ! Max and Duke turn to each other excitedly . duke Holy schnitzel ! next they be riding in a parade through sausage City , with anthropomorphic sausage townspeople shower they with sausage . the sausage wave and smile at Max and Duke . the dog then envision themselves dance with sausage in hula skirt . they dance around a fire pit and play music , sing '' we go together '' from grease . a sausage plane fly by in the air . Duke lay on the ground as sausage run into he mouth . Duke and Max be in ecstasy , surround by sausage . end of fantasy sequence int . the underbelly - day 61 the pampere pet enter the underbelly . the flushed pet have all gather ... buddy get a weird vibe , man . pop ( whisper to pet ) alright . now this guy be a bit testy . so just let I do the talk . he approach a cry alligator . pop ( cont 'd ) hey , you cry-baby ! where 's the viper at ? the alligator point to the pile of rubble . a enraged , sad snowball address the pet . snowball do not you worry viper ! you will not be forget ! ( more ) the secret life of pet 65 . snowball ( cont 'd ) you will be avenge , viper ! if you do not believe I , you can look at my battle plan . it 's all laid out right here --- everyone look . they be drawn badly . tattoo uhhh , boss , I can not tell who anyone be . snowball well , ya gotta really look at it to understand it . like that 's you guy right here , and see that 's Brooklyn . ( draw with a red crayon ) that 's where we gonna get they dog . bam ! bam ! hahahaha ! pop that ball of fluff 's gotta a screw loose . let 's skedaddle . snowball ( 0.s. ) you see what I be say . bottom line be , I be come right for you , tiny Dog ! and that big fat brown dog ? he gonna get it , too . gidget stop in she track . gidget ( gasp ) tiny dog ? chloe there be lot of tiny dog in the city . I mean , you 're a tiny dog , okay ? so let 's just go . buddy he also say '' big fat brown dog . '' like Max 's new roommate . chloe not necessarily . snowball oh Max ! Max Max Max Max Max you be gonna get it ! the secret life of pet 66 . chloe ( think ) that 's kinda hard to dispute . gidget hey ! you stay away from -- mmmph ! Chloe put her paw over gidget 's mouth . snowball wait , what ? you know tiny Dog ? gidget break free of Chloe , send she fly . gidget he 's my friend . and some might say my boyfriend . buddy uhhhh . nobody say that . snowball I can not believe you know tiny Dog ! that 's cool , it 's such a small world , that 's the funny thing about it . get em !! the flushed pet chase after they . chloe scatter ! the pampere pet scatter , evade the flushed pet , who be try to capture they ! pop 's wheelchair go out of control . pop oooh ! oh ! not good ! norman run away in a drainage pipe . norman see you guy later ! the pampere pet zig and zag and all escape down a drainpipe in the melee ! derick attempt to catch they , miss . snowball derick , you idiot ! do they all get away ? alligator uh ... suddenly , norman pop out of another drainpipe . the secret life of pet 67 . norman whew , that be a close one . the alligator grab he in he jaw . norman ( cont 'd ) aw , nut . snowball --- yes ! we get one ! norman good for you guy ! alligator ( mouth full ) yay ! the alligator open he mouth . he and norman high -five . snowball oh yes , tiny Dog , we get you friend ! advantage : I ! ha ha ha --- snowball poop pellet . snowball ( cont ’d ) uh oh . just ignore what just happen . okay ? ha ha ha ha , yes ! one of the cat play with the pellet . 62 int . sausage factory - packing area - day 62 Max and Duke , with distend belly , lie amongst a bunch of box . they be stuffed and breathe heavily and in some kind of sausage - induce euphoric state ... max you know what , I mean , this may be the sausage talk , but you be okay . duke right back at ya , man . you know , when I meet you , I be all like '' I do not if I like he '' but now that I know you , I be like '' I like he '' . hahaha . the belt end at a room full of box of sausage . the secret life of pet 68 . duke ( cont 'd ) you know I see this place from the outside many time . have I known what treasure await within this wall I woulda break down that door a long time ago , I 'il tell ya ! max what be you talk about ? duke my old owner and I use to live around here . max Duke , man , wait , do you use to have a owner ? duke well , it be a ... it be a long time ago , I do not want to talk about it . max yes you do , come on ... duke I do not know . but you know what ? he be so cool . max yeah ? duke yeah , he be the best . on Duke 's face we dissolve to : int : pet store - flashback 63 we see Duke 's owner pick he out at the pet store as a puppy . duke ( v.o. ) man , we have fun . ext : duke 's house - front yard - flashback 64 a puppy duke , the most adorable ball of fluff you have ever see , watch as he old man throw a stick . duke ( v.o. ) we would play fetch ... 65 66 the secret life of pet 69 . instead of run after the stick , Duke leap into the Old man 's arm . he fall to the ground , as Duke lick he face . puppy Duke drag the Old man down the street in the snow . Old man be have a great time . duke ( v.o. ) we would go for walk ... int : duke 's house - live room - flashback 65 Old man sleep in a chair . puppy Duke sleep on he lap . duke ( v.o. ) we would take nap . dissolve to a year or so later . Duke be now full -size . still on Old man 's lap , despite be way too large , they be both happily asleep . duke ( v.o. ) we be both big napper . Duke and he owner sit on he porch , look at the skyline . int : sausage factory - end flashback 66 Duke look sad . duke I get out one night , chase a butterfly , or a car , and by the time I have catch up with it and eat it -- max --- probably a butterfly , then ... duke --- I realize I be so far away from my home I could not find it . a few day later , I be pick up by animal control . ( sigh , sad ) I have a great thing go , but I have to go and mess it up . max Duke , we gotta go to you house . duke Nah . the secret life of pet 70 . max you know , you owner 's gonna be relieved ! duke will he ? yeah , but ... but he never come for I . maybe he ... maybe he do not like I . max hey , of course he like you . he be you owner . I mean , he 's probably worried sick ! duke I do not know ... max well I do know , and we be go ! you owner 's gonna freak ! I be freaking out just think about it . Max jump around , excited . duke okay . let 's do it ! a worker come in with the same animal control worker , now beat up from they last run in . worker 1 there they be ! animal control worker 1 alright , doggy , come on ... Max and Duke run out ... the Animal Control worker in hot pursuit . animal control worker 1 ( cont ’d ) hey , hey hey ! hey ! where do you think you be go ! animal control worker 2 hey ! come back here you dog ! stop ! the Animal Control worker scream . Duke knock over some box , which topple over the Animal Control worker . 67 68 the secret life of pet 71 . ext : street of new york - day 67 the pampere pet ( san norman ) climb out of a sewer grate into a community garden . pop ( out of breath ) that rabbit ... he have crazy eye . there be not no curin’ what 's wrong with that thing ! tiberius gidget , here 's a idea : maybe there 's a dog in the neighborhood that look like Max . start hang out with he . after a while , you will think it 's he , you 's 1ll be do . gidget we be not just giving up ! we be dedicated . we be loyal . we be easily the great pet ever ! we be dog ! chloe cat . tiberius Hawk . sweetpea chirp . gidget well congratulation , today you be dog whether you like it or not . tiberius sweet . gidget now let 's find Max before that rabbit do ! break ! we be dog ! they run out of the community garden . pop follow behind slowly , stumbling and grumble under he breath . pop heh heh . uuf , I do not like it . oof. ext : sausage factory - day 68 tattoo sniff the box of sausage . the secret life of pet 72 . tattoo yep , they be here . snowball excellent . we be close in ! this be groundbreake evil behavior , people . groundbreake . snowball peer around the corner . there be a lot of people . but he look at a thrift store , with a baby carriage . snowball ( cont 'd ) lightbulb just go off in my brain . the bunny have a idea . 69 ext . brooklyn neighborhood - day 69 Max and Duke walk to Duke 's house . duke okay , so um , how do I look ? max you look great . duke how do I smell ? max like a dog , Duke . relax , man . Duke scan the home , then suddenly gasp ... duke there it be . angle on a beautiful family home . max well , go on up . go scratch at that door . he step forward . a beat ... duke remember that sausage factory ? that be fun , huh ? max be you stalling ? the secret life of pet 73. duke no . why do you think that ? let 's have a long talk about why you think I be stalling . max Duke , you have nothing to be nervous about . you owner be gonna be thrilled to see you . duke ( think ) okay . they walk towards the house , past a car . duke ( cont ’d ) huh , that car be new . suddenly , a cat , reginald pop out of a SMALL flower pot , right in front of they . max aaaaah ! reginald can I help you ? duke no , we be good , thanks ... reginald you be not good . you look dirty . and I be gonna have to ask you to get off my lawn before I get um ... you know -- what you have . duke this be my lawn . max Duke , maybe we should go ... duke and why , why would Fred get a cat ? he hate cat . that 's one of the thing I love about he . reginald ( fake sympathy ) Fred , the old guy ? he um ...he die . Duke be at a loss for word . 70 71 the secret life of pet 74 . max Duke , maybe I make a mistake say we should come here . l- let 's go ... duke you be a liar ! Max , cat lie all the time , do not fall for it . Duke walk onto the porch , approach the cat . reginald hop onto the railing and hiss . a car pull up in front of the house . a young couple with a 5 - year -old boy step out of it and see Duke sit on they front step . duke ( cont ’d ) who be they ? hey ! this be my home ! go away ! CUT to : a wide shot : 70 we watch the scene unfold from the perspective of the house 's new owner . they see Duke , a barking dog , gnashing he teeth . the family hide in the car , lock the door . the father take out he phone and dial a number . ext . duke 's house - same time 71 max Duke , it 's time to go . Duke , let 's go , come on ! this be not you home anymore ! duke why do you bring I here , Max ? max wait a minute , this be my fault ? you know , I be try to help you ! duke you be try to get rid of I ! max yeah , you know what , Duke ? I do not need this . I will see ya later -- Max walk away , turn the corner --- the secret life of pet 75 . suddenly , a noose slip around Max 's neck ! max ( cont 'd ) uuuulp ! animal control worker 2 whoa , whoa , come on ! settle down ! it 's the Animal Control worker from earlier ! more beat - up and determine than before . Max try to get free , but he can not ! suddenly , Duke leap out at the Animal Control Worker , knock he down . duke go home , Max ! Max run for it as Animal Control Worker 2 slip the noose around Duke 's neck ! Duke fight back , toss the Control Worker to and for . Animal Control Worker 1 lunge for Max --- animal control worker 2 hey , help I out here ! animal control worker 1 hold on ! I be come ! Animal Control Worker 2 slip he noose around too --- Max watch , cring in the bush ... Duke can not speak as they yank the noose / leash tight ! Duke do he best , fight back , but they finally subdue he . they drag Duke towards the van . animal control worker 1 ( cont ’d ) let 's go ... finally get ya , big fella . this be it for you . animal control worker 2 woah woah , come on . and all Max do be watch , helpless and shaking . Duke be put in the van . Max watch as the van speed down the street , it turn a corner ... .-.. out of view , and go . max Duke ! Max burst out , run after the van . he bark and leap through car in pursuit --- 72 73 the secret life of pet 76 . ext . STREET - continuous 72 a woman approach a baby carriage and peer inside . woman awww ... coochie , coochie coo ! it be reveal that snowball be the '' baby '' in the carriage . he glare at she . she scream . she then look at the '' woman , '' who be actually tattoo and scream again . then the bearded Dragon burst out from the '' woman 's '' chest , and she scream again . she run away from the scene . the flushed pet laugh . then , Max run by ! snowball tiny dog !! the flushed pet pursue Max . snowball ( cont 'd ) yaah !! Max be close in on the van ! but then ... Max turn , see snowball and company close in ! max ugh , be you kid I ? snowball you think that be over tiny Dog ? yaah , yaah , yaah ! he jump on the back of the truck . snowball and tattoo be run straight for the truck ---- --- which stop at a red light . snowball ( cont ’d ) stoooooopppp ! tattoo keep run ... thump ! he smack into the back of the Animal Control Van . int : animal control van - continuous 73 the Animal Control Worker drive the Van look in he rearview mirror ... ... and see tattoo . 74 75 the secret life of pet 77 . animal control worker 1 huh ? ext : street - continuous 74 snowball spit out he pacifier and leap on top of max ! they tumble beneath the adjacent car . snowball aiee ! jab jab jab , body blow ! body blow ! karate chop to you neck ! he bite Max 's leg . max ( annoyed ) would you get off I ?! they see the foot of the animal control worker approach tattoo and Dragon ... .-. and grab they ! tattoo squeal ! snowball tattoo ! end Pov as Max and snowball watch helplessly as the door close --— --- they run out . the Van drive away ! snowball ( cont 'd ) no no no no no no ... oh , td , this kill I to say , but we gotta join force , man . ( clap ) ext : brooklyn bridge - a few minute later 75 a bus fly through the air . beastie boy 's '' no sleep till Brooklyn '' play . wham ! a car get clipped by a bus . wham ! a car get clipped by another bus . wham wham ! the bus hit more car . the secret life of pet 78 . 76 int : bus - continuous 76 a crazy - eye snowball be drive the bus . Max be work the pedal . snowball wooo-hooo ! ha ! we make a great team , tiny Dog ! well , mainly I be do all the hard work , but you be help ! max yes , yes , fine , just keep you eye on the road , you be drive like a animal ! snowball woohoo ! they hit something . Max topple over . max what be that ? snowball oh , that be a pothole . max you be hit thing on purpose ! snowball heh , you know , you know I too well , td ! always keep I in check . 77 ext : brooklyn bridge - continuous 77 the bus hurdle spin around on the Brooklyn Bridge , weaving through traffic . 78 int : bus - continuous 78 max ( sigh , annoyed ) do you see the van ? snowball look ... snowball yeah , I see it . we be about to hit it . 79 80 81 the secret life of pet 79 . snowball sit in a seat and buckle he seatbelt . ext : brooklyn bridge - continuous 79 wham ! the bus hit the van , keep drive . Duke be toss about in he cage ! tattoo , ripper and Dragon laugh maniacally . they cage door jump a bit , the metal bar buckle --- int : bus - continuous 80 Max and snowball scream ! ext : brooklyn bridge - continuous 81 the bus and van head over a lane ! over the sidewalk ! and off the bridge ! the Animal Control worker jump out of the van . the van be dangle precariously off some construction scaffolding . but it 's already strain under the weight of the vehicle . Max climb out of the bus , clutching a daze snowball in he mouth , save he life ! snowball moan . max relax , snowball , I have get you --- he head for the edge , but then --- derick ( 0.s. ) there he be ! he 's get snowball ! --- the other flushed pet surround he ! they crawl out of the woodwork ! slither down from the rafter ! charge out of the shadow ! the driver on the bridge be freaked out . spider crawl down car windshield -- adult scream , while child cheer . the flushed pet be blocking max 's path to the van ! Max gasp . Max size they up , all the while hold a pass out snowball in he mouth . max ( mouth full ) look , fella , this be not what this look like -- the secret life of pet 80 . derick shoosh you ! you be gonna eat the boss ! max no , no , no , no ! snowball and I be on the same side now ! tell they , snowball , tell they ! he nudge snowball . snowball ( still delirious ) that raccoon be lyin 's ! he 's not the president ... snowball pass out . max I , I , I , --- the flushed pet close in on Max . gidget ( 0.s. ) aaaaaaaaah ! gidget charge at the flushed pet ! max gidget ? the rest of the pampere pet in tow , gidget leap off of derick , banking off he face ! but she 's not do ! in a amazing slow - mo shot , gidget take down the flushed pet use some amazing acrobatics and bite . gidget graaaaah ! the pampere pet help take down the flushed pet in the background . they do what they can , but gidget be clearly a one dog army , this be her moment . Max watch the entire time , slack - jaw . gidget hit the ground in front of Max . gidget ( cont 'd ) go , Max ! max right , I - - okay , gotta go . thank you , thank you ! 82 83 84 the secret life of pet 81 . he run off . a flushed Pet stagger up . she kick he back down . gidget ( angry , to flushed Pet staggering up ) stay down ! int : animal control van - continuous 82 tattoo notice there cage door have be opened in the impact ! Duke try to open he cage , but it 's not budging ... the flushed pet start climb out --- --- past Duke , who be struggle to open he still locked cage . ext : brooklyn bridge - continuous 83 Max be try he best to gingerly make he way down the scaffold , as not to upset the fragile structure . ripper , tattoo and Dragon pull themselves out of the beat up van . Max hurry down the scaffold ... max Duke , hang on ! just as he 's about to place a paw on the van --- the scaffold begin to sway ! he leap onto the van ! int : animal control van - night 84 Max enter the interior of the van , landing on the windshield ... cause it to splinter and crack . max Duke ! duke Max ? Max ! oh , okay , get the key ! max right ! duke hurry ! Max spot the keys --- 85 the secret life of pet 82 . max ah ! --- go to grab they , but the windshield break , Max hold onto the rearview mirror , pull himself up . he manage to tightrope walk across a small metal bar . Duke , still trap in he cage , can not see . Max accidentally switch on the windshield wiper . they begin to knock into other part of the scaffold , nearly send the van plummete into the water . he grab the key . max ( cont 'd ) come on , come on ... I get they ! the wiper keep hitting against the scaffolding ... .-+- until they finally SNAP ! the van plummet ! Max scream ! gidget and the other pet watch from the bridge . gidget Max ! the van smack down into the water . the animal watch nervously . the van be quickly fill up with water . it 's sink fast ! the key sink away into the water and float to the surface . Max grab the cage with he tooth and pull . Duke push . but the van continue to sink . up on the surface , snowball kiss gidget , and dive into the water after the van . snowball remember I !!!! in the van , Max and Duke exchange hopeless look . Water continue to pour in through the window . they take a breath . the water rise above they head . outside , we see snowball swimming toward the van ! he approach the window of the van hold the keys . Max grab the key and unlocks the cage . ext : shore - continuous 85 above water , Max and Duke take a breath . snowball pull himself up onto a piece of wood . snowball ( out of breath ) I feel heroic . and handsome . ( more ) the secret life of pet 83 . snowball ( cont 'd ) a little wet , but I still look good . I look good . make and Duke reach the shore , also out of breath . Max shake off the water . max ( to Duke ) be you ... be you okay ? duke I be good . I be good . thanks for come to save I , Max . the pet on the bridge cheer for they . gidget Max ! oh , Max ! pop floobidy-doobidy-doo! with that , a taxi pull up . Doors open . pig on the pedal , lizard on the wheel . he pull the meter back . tattoo you need a lift ? snowball yes , we need a lift ! let 's go , tattoo ! 86 ext : street of new york - night 86 tattoo put on a pair on sunglass . Dragon hit the gas . the taxi careen through the city . a man hail a cab . man taxi ! they nearly run he over as they zoom down the street . all the dog have they head stick out the window . as the taxi turn the corner , derick fall off the back . he get up and run after it . 87 ext : max's apartment complex - night 87 the taxi be crashed into a pole that say '' no parking any time . '' the pampere pet casually exit the smoking vehicle . gidget walk in the front of the group , Max approach . the secret life of pet 84 . max hey , hey , uh uh gidget , wait up ... gidget oh , hi Max ! max yeah , hi , uh ... gidget 's tail start wag . gidget ( to tail ) play it cool ! ( giggle nervously ) max yeah , I uh -- I just want to , uh. ( clear throat ) look . have you ever live across from someone you whole life , but you ... you do not really appreciate they , until , I dunno , until they be beat up dozen of animal on the Brooklyn Bridge ? I guess what I be try to say be , if you ever wanna - unable to contain she excitement , gidget jump on Max . she happily lick he . max ( cont 'd ) whoa ! okay ... pop cut through they , interrupt the moment . pop oh great , you be in love . how gross for everyone . now , move it ! mel Goodbye ! norman see ya later ! tiberius bye ! pop do anyone know where we be ? gidget bye , Max . the secret life of pet 85 . max bye , gidget . duke okay , bye bye . max see you guy . the pampere pet leave , say goodbye to each other as they go ... snowball and crew watch . snowball man , I feel sorry for they . gotta run home to they owner . not we . now , it 's back to we primary mission : the downfall of the human race ! it be on , human . it be on ! the flushed pet cheer . a little girl and she mom be walk down the street . she gasp when she see the flushed pet . little girl mommy ! can I have a bunny ... and a pig and a crocodile and a lizard ? derick , tattoo , and Dragon retreat back into the sewer ! derick 's tail close the manhole , leave snowball alone ! snowball uh oh . the Little girl pick he up . little girl yay , bunny ! snowball hit at she chest . snowball jab , jab , jab ! body blow , body blow ! breakaway move ! she begin to pet he . little girl awwww . snowball uhhh . what 's go on ? what 's she do ? 88 89 90 91 92 the secret life of pet 86 . little girl Bunny , I be gonna love you forever and ever and ever ! she hug he .... he fight it , and then love it . hug back . little girl ( cont ’d ) aw , bunny . the little girl , snowball , and she mother walk to the apartment building . pampere pet walk up the fire escape . int : buddy 's apartment - night 88 buddy run to the door and bark --- --- he hear the door be unlocked ! his owner be come home ! his owner open the door look for buddy who be hide under the table . buddy bark , he be so excited , he cannot believe it ! buddy run to the little boy , lick he face . int : mel 's apartment - night 89 mel 's owner enter . a wide -ey , ecstatic mel run around barking . he knock everything over in he excitement and grab he owner 's slipper . int : chloe 's apartment - night 90 Chloe 's owner enter . she grab Chloe and snuggle she in she arm . Chloe 's owner rub her forehead and she purr . but then she bite she thumb , before lick it sweetly . Chloe 's owner continue to snuggle she . int : vent - night 91 norman rush through the maze of vent , then peer into a room . int : norman' apartment - night 92 a little boy lay in he bed , hold a toy guinea pig in he hand . norman 's cage , which sit next to the bed , be empty . 93 94 95 96 the secret life of pet 87 . but then norman drop from the ceiling on top of he cage . he jump into the Little Boy 's arm , toss the toy guinea pig away . the Little Boy light up and hug norman . int : sweetpea 's apartment - night 93 sweetpea 's owner enter through the door . sweetpea fly up and circle happily around he head . he sit in he armchair and sweetpea eat bird seed off he bald head . int : gidget 's apartment - night 94 gidget 's owner enter . she jump around excitedly . gidget 's owner aww ! haha . there you go . they set the table for dinner , with gidget sit in a chair with a tiara on she head and a big bowl of food in front of she . her owner join she . she happily lick they face and they laugh . ext : roof - night 95 tiberius fly back to the roof and perch himself on he owner 's arm . he rub he head up against he owner 's . int : pop 's apartment - night 96 pop be lay on the floor . his owner 's foot be visible as he walk over . pop do not get up , but he tail wag . his owner set he suitcase down , get on the floor , and pet he . montage : other apartment we see other owner return home : --a turtle happily pop he head out of he shell . --pepe excitedly dance as he owner walk through the door . he pees on the floor . --a goldfish swim happily in he bowl . his owner press he lip to the bowl and they '' kiss . '' --a woman return home and a dozen cat climb all over she , knock she into a chair . 97 98 the secret life of pet 88 . int . katie 's apartment - night 97 Max and Duke settle in front of the door . max Duke , this be the best part of the day --- duke ooh ! be that she ...? Max cock he head , lean in and listen . max Nah , no , thats - wait - suddenly , they hear Katie 's key enter the keyhole . max ( cont 'd ) yeah , she - that 's she ! that 's she ! max & duke katie ! they start pace back and forth , bark , so excite ! she enter the room . katie there they be ! Max and Duke , Duke and Max ! oh , my boy ! so , how have it go ? great , right ? ( see break lamp ) I ... oh ... Max and Duke look up at she . katie ( cont 'd ) so maybe a few bump . but I know this be gonna work out . so , who 's hungry ? on Max and Duke , as she hug they . they smile , nuzzle into she . ext : FIRE escape - night 98 Katie , Max and Duke sit together on the fire escape . they rest they head on Katie 's lap . max welcome home , Duke . duke thanks , max. 99 100 the secret life of pet 89 . we pull away from the city , see all the pet in the window with they owner . fade to black . credit roll . epilogue : int . leonard hallway - later 99 buddy and mel , dress as a teddy bear and minion , hop up the stair of Leonard 's apartment building . buddy c’mon , man . hurry it up . mel be out of breath . mel okay ! I be comin 's I be comin’ . sheesh . they approach the apartment and scratch at the door . snowball open the door , the punk music blast from inside the apartment . snowball welcome my dog ! oh you guy look weird . hurry up , come on in . int . leonard 's apartment - later 100 the same punk music play . both the pet and the flushed pet all rock out with leonard . they jump around , head - bang to the music . buddy turn to mel . buddy you say it be a costume party . mel why do you listen to I ? Leonard hear he owner come back . the music stop , as Leonard assume he posh seat position . leonard owner ( 0.c. ) I be home , Leonard ! the animal scatter . Leonard turn the classical music back on . Leonard 's owner enter , and pat he on the head . the secret life of pet 90 . leonard owner ( cont ’d ) be you a good boy , Leonard ? suddenly the chandelier crash down from the ceiling in front of Leonard 's owner with tattoo on top of it . he smile at Leonard 's owner innocently . credit roll .