( name of Project ) by ( name of first writer ) ( base on , if any ) revision by ( name of subsequent writer , in order of work perform ) current revision by ( current writer , date ) name ( of company , if applicable ) address phone number the utah murder project superimpose : inspire by a true story in total darkness we hear the almost deafen sound of a heart slowly beat . the loud sound be up close and in we ear . it continue as we slowly -- fade in : e.c.u . of a hand gripping a .45 caliber automatic . the heart beat continue as we tilt up to reveal the face of undercover narcotic detective charlie desantis ( 30 ) . he be unkempt with wild long hair , goatee and beard . the gruff and scruffy cop be lean he back against a car door , hide . he be nervous and shaking -- panting and sweat like a thirsty animal . obviously scared for he life . in the b.g. we barely make out the sound of random gunshot echoing through the AIR . with each shot , desantis flinch just a bit . this gunshot be faint , though . dimm out by the deep , pulsate sound of the detective 's heart beat . ext . STREET curb - east los angele - day ( slow motion sequence ) hiding next to desantis be he partner jeff spear ( 30 ) -- scruffy and unkempt . Spears look to have have a few more year on the force . in he eye we see that he be also visibly frighten . the two man be undercover and have just close in ona suspect . it appear that a deal have just go bad . very bad . the constant barrage of gunfire shatter the window of the parked car . shard of glass attack the two man as they cover themselves from harm . jeff in a slow and steady movement ... the detective stand and rest he hand on the roof of the unmark squad car -- aim he weapon down the street and in the direction of they suspect ramon vasquez ( 30 ) also hide safely behind a row of park car . ( continued ) continued : vasquez instantly return the cop fire with shot from a large , automatic machine gun . like a uzi , only more high - tech and deadly . jeff quickly duck down , dodging the gunfire and hit the ground with he partner . desantis continue to sit in a state of shock , unable to move due to a gunshot wound to the leg . he peek from the corner of he eye and turn he head slightly -- he p.o.v . he notice a young boy ( 7 ) trap under he bicycle . he be ery and cover he ear -- muffle the deafen gunfire . back to scene desantis want desperately to help the child but cannot move . jeff turn and notice he partner 's catatonia . he abruptly grab he by the collar and mouth the word '' get the boy ! '' desantis simply can not move a inch . jeff recklessly run into the line of fire to cover the young child . he instantly catch some stray fire in the back and fall , wounded . as he struggle to get up , he manage to pull the boy from he bicycle -- almost out of harm 's way . unfortunately , the detective cannot dodge the constant blaze of sporadic gunfire . desantis watch as he partner be hit with several more shot as he and the boy struggle to take cover behind the vehicle . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) jeff fall to the ground , die . the boy lay still on the ground , freeze and unable to move . desantis desperately reach out to the boy -- who be cry heavily . the boy reach he arm to desantis -- who successfully pull he from the line of fire . desantis hold the scared child in he arm as bullet continue to spray the vehicle they be hide behind . the detective turn and notice -- jeff desperately reach he hand out to he , begging for help . he be blood -soak , die . he mouth the word '' help I ! '' before desantis can react we quickly ... cur to : int . desantis 's home - live room - night desantis jump up and awak from the nightmare . he be completely drench in sweat and cannot catch he breath . he slowly manage to compose himself . the detective be a very different look man than in he dream . short hair , no beard . just some five o'clock shadow . he lay on a beat , old couch in the middle of he live room . the coffee table before he be completely cover with empty liquor and Beer bottle . not five or six , but forty or fifty bottle . the floor surround he be also cover with empty bottle and other trash . desantis calm himself -- look down at he pants and notice that he 's urinate . a few moment pass before he stand and continue toward the bathroom to get clean up . as he pass through the filthy home , he kick and muddle he way through the trash and debris . int . bathroom - continuous desantis enter and flick on the light . without hesitation he remove he pants and toss the urine soak sweat pants into the bathtub -- which be fill with ten or more other pair of urine stain sweat and boxer . we stay on the bathtub a few moment ... take it all in . this be a sad , deeply haunt and disturb man . cur to : ext . motel - desert highway - night a small , dusty motel in the middle of nowhere . a neon vacancy sign flicker on and off . a total of three car sit park in the dusty lot . the night be suspiciously quiet , with only a slight wind in the air . superimpose : bryerson , utah april 13 , 2004 11:49 pm the long stretch of road in front of the motel be empty . it seem to stretch into eternity with no sign of a vehicle in sight . then ... suddenly ... two bright headlight be see in the distance . a car come up the road . the light become brighter and brighter as the car draw nearer . as it become visible we see that it 's a grey dodge pick - up with a dirt bike mount in the cab . the truck draw nearer to the motel , turn into the barren lot . ext . motel - continuous the truck park in a empty spot . from the truck step a unseen man , from the waist down . we ’1ll call he '' the cowboy '' . dress in typical cowboy apparel . Blue jeans , boot . he step to the rear of the vehicle and pull a long area rug from the truck 's cab . he begin toward the room . int . motel room the cowboy enter , leave the door wide open . we see a pair of hand in rubber glove as he unroll the rug in front of the bathroom door . ( continued ) continued : series of shot a pink blouse and pair of blue jeans lay on the un -made bed . the man grab the clothing and stuff it into a large garbage bag . a picture appear to be miss on the motel room wall . there be a hook where a picture use to hang . we tilt down to reveal several shard of broken glass and a shatter picture and frame on the carpet . suddenly ... a hand reach down and grab the picture from the floor . he toss the break picture frame into the garbage bag . bathroom the cowboy grab the white shower curtain and pull it from its ring . as the shower curtain be remove we be shocked to see a bloody handprint on the shower wall . the print be small and delicate . the print of a young woman . we then quickly ... CUT to black . roll title : the utah murder project fade in : int . men 's locker room - l.a.p.d. - day desantis open up he locker and pack a few personal belonging into a small gym bag . this include a nickel - plate .22 caliber handgun . his backup weapon . tape to the inside of he locker door be a photo of a young woman ( 20 ) -- blonde and beautiful . desantis spot the photo out of the corner of he eye . he take a moment and gaze at the young woman . he peel it from the locker door and toss it into he bag . int . office of captain eddie gruber - narcotics division capt . gruber p.o.v. from behind he desk . we stay on the front door as we notice desantis approach it from the other side . ( continued ) continued : we hear the voice of captain gruber on the telephone as desantis peer through the glass . captain gruber ( 0.s. ) yeah . I just get off the phone with ia five minute ago and get a earful . desantis give a quick knock before enter . captain gruber ( 0.s. ) I get trouble knock on my door right now . I / x11 call you later . desantis shut the door behind he and stand respectively with he hand cross and rest on he lap . we hear Captain gruber hanging up a phone . captain gruber ( 0.s. ) I hear you have officially request a stress leave . ninety day ? desantis that 's right . the sound of Captain gruber shifting in he chair , sighing uncomfortably . captain gruber ( 0.s. ) well that 's pretty damn irregular consider the present circumstance , do not you think , desantis ? the detective do not respond . his eye remain lock on the Captain . he do not even blink . captain gruber ( 0.s. ) put yourself in my shoe , Charlie . it 's only be two week since ia clear you on assault charge and now you be ask for a three month leave . desantis I know how it must look . captain gruber ( {0.s. ) good . cos it look real fuckin’ bad . I go to bat for you with Internal affair to convince they you be not lose it . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) captain gruber ( 0.s. ) ( cont would ) now you be go on a psycho leave and give they every excuse to be - open the investigation . desantis I need to figure some thing out . about this place . about where I stand . captain gruber ( 0.s. ) so you be think about a transfer ? desantis like I say ... I need some time . that 's all I can really tell you right now . captain gruber ( 0.s. ) all right . you listen and listen good . we slowly close on desantis 's face . captain gruber ( 0.s. ) as far as I be concerned if you wanna run off for three month and ruin you record , that 's fine with I . but let I make one thing crystal clear to you . I do not want you in this building . I do not want to see you . I do not wanna hear about you harass vasquez . the best advice I can give you ... get the hell as far away from here as possible . cos Internal affair will be watch and so will I . a slight grin on desantis as the Captain approve he three month leave . cur to : ext . desert highway - utah - dusk the camera travel quickly down a two lane desert road . a orange SUN and sky illuminate the red desert terrain . it 's beautiful . nothing bad could ever happen here . int . desantis 's car the detective cruise down the long desert highway of Utah . he pass the time by anxiously flipping through the channel on he stereo -- not pick up much . ext . downtown bryerson - day desantis slowly pass through the downtown avenue of bryerson , Utah . population 3,459 . it 's a old fashioned burg that have not see a touch of remodeling since the eisenhower year . the street consist mostly of small , family own business and shop . a old movie palace , five and dime store . a ice cream parlor , etc . it 's very quaint in a dull and dreary kind of way . int . desantis 's car he peek out he window and spot the sheriff 's office in the near distance . he slow to a halt , approach the front door of the office . a sign on the window read '' close for Sunday dinner '' . desantis grin at the sign -- shaking he head in amusement . he continue down the street , head for Sunday dinner . ext . home of sheriff dan patterson desantis pull up to the front of the home . a real down home southern cottage with a giant front yard and picket fence . Children be run about the yard , play tag , wrest , rough-house . the detective attempt to park but there be car up and down both side of the street -- as far as the eye can see . desantis stare in amusement at the very basic innocence of this town . desantis can opey come out and play ? ext . backyard the backyard be where the party be . a barbecue be go . Music be play . and row of townspeople sit at picnic table , eat , socialize . enjoy the simple life . it 's a regular Sunday afternoon event for the people of bryerson . desantis and sheriff dan patterson ( 5as ) stone face and rugge -- sit at a corner table , away from most of the crowd . also sit with they be deputy billy bracken ( 20 ) a short and thin but fierce look young man with a menace stare and something to prove . desantis hand the sheriff a manila folder . desantis this be a miss person 's report file by the gold 's in November of 1996 . after week four and no contact be make , darcy be presume dead . a little under two week later ... she show up back at home . the sheriff turn he attention from the paperwork to desantis . he squint in confusion . desantis ( cont ’d ) turn out she be stay with a girlfriend and she brother at he place . some secluded cabin in the wood , 40 mile up state . at the time of she disappearance , she parent be in the middle of a ugly divorce . darcy admit to I that she use this as a ploy to keep she parent together . sheriff patterson why do not the gold mention any of this before ? desantis they probably do not want the past drudge up any more than I do . be that Mr. and Mrs. gold be still contract player for NBC , the whole incident become a huge media case . sheriff , what I be ask be this . I be hope ... for now ... we could keep this incident quiet . ( continued ) 10 . continued : the sheriff stare over at deputy bracken who watch with equal suspicion . desantis ( cont ’d ) you know if word of this leak , you town be flood with reporter . if she kidnapper be continue to make contact with you , odd be he 's still here . I think a media presence would only scare this guy off . but I know you already know that , sheriff . otherwise you would have call the state police and FBI the moment darcy be pick up . the sheriff crack a smile -- smirk at the young detective . he 's blow away by he up front , in - your-face directness . desantis be a force to be reckone with . whether the sheriff like it or not . sheriff patterson anything else , detective ? deputy bracken let out a smirk as he devour another slice of the pie . desantis pay the deputy no mind and stay focus on the sheriff 's eye . desantis I have like permission to stick around . Review you case file . talk to any witness you may have question . you have a sketch of this man . I have like to help show he picture around . see if we can pinpoint who this man be . I have like to make myself useful , sheriff . sheriff Patterson sigh in frustration . he sit , stare at desantis with uncertainty . ext . sidewalk sheriff Patterson and desantis take a stroll down a sidewalk in front of he home . Children be still run about . sheriff patterson since you friend disappear , I have be flood with phone call . ( more ) ( continued ) will . continued : sheriff patterson ( cont would ) people be come in off the street ask question about a kidnap I do not have any answer to . like you say , the only good lead we have be the fact this man 's maintain contact . until we get something better , I do not wanna draw any more attention than I have to . desantis I understand . sheriff patterson that include flash a LA badge and make everyone even more nervous . next thing you know ... the whole town 's call . ask question . wanting to know if there 's some crazy bastard out there abduct girl . darcy 's friend , the gold , they do not wanna believe she 's go . sheriff Patterson stop in he track -- face desantis . sheriff patterson ( cont ’d ) maybe they think you 'il tell they something different . something they have rather hear . you say you wanna help ? desantis whatever I can . sheriff patterson you keep they calm and out of my hair so I and my man can do we job . int . casey and leanneas motel room at a corner table . desantis sit across from casey BRENNER ( 20 ) dark hair , as beautiful as darcy . sitting on the edge of a nearby bed be darcy 's other friend leanne bowman ( 20 ) red hair , cute . sheriff Patterson lean he back comfortably against the wall , listen in on the conversation . he remain silent and passive despite he obvious disgust with desantis . ( continued ) continued : 12 . casey he call twice . yesterday and today . desantis at what time do you get the first call ? casey Real early . I have say around five in the morning or so . maybe five thirty . desantis what do he have to say ? casey he just want to let we know what a great time he and darcy be have . then he say whatever you do , do not leave you room for the next few day . either he or darcy would be call back . desantis do you ask to speak with darcy ? casey he say she could not come to the phone . she be in the shower . get clean up from they long , hot night . he be disgusting . desantis and what about this second call ? casey he do not call again until today ... a little bit after two o'clock . this time sheriff Patterson be here . desantis notice sheriff Patterson lean on the wall . the two man exchange stare . casey ( cont ’d ) he do not say anything about darcy . he just ask if I speak with the police . he say he have a message for they . ( continued ) continued : 13 . ( 2 ) desantis a message ? casey when I tell he the sheriff be here and want to talk , he hang up . I guess he panicked . that 's when I call you . darcy say to call you if I ever need help . desantis you do good , casey . ( to sheriff ) sheriff ? you think I could have a few minute with the girl ? sheriff Patterson give desantis a angry stare , but maintain he cool composure . sheriff patterson I be gonna check on the gold . he continue out . desantis casey -- when we speak the other day , you mention that darcy be drink a lot the night she disappear . casey yes she be . we all be . so what ? desantis do you know if darcy 's be in any kind of trouble lately ? like with she drug ? have she be depressed at all ? leanne visibly grow suspicious of the detective 's question . as do casey . casey what be you say ? desantis before the sheriff and I can continue any further we need to establish darcy 's mind set at the time of she abduction . ( continued ) 14 . continued : ( 3 ) casey seem to be grow impatient with the detective 's line of question . leanne what the hell do she mood have to do with anything ? she be pick up in broad daylight in front of two witness . what 's you problem ? desantis I know you be both scared of the publicity darcy would get if this thing go public . we all know this be not the first time she 's disappear . leanne that 's bullshit . that be eight year ago . she be just a kid . I can not even believe you be bring that up now . ( to casey ) please tell he he 's crazy . casey be awkwardly silent -- refuse to take side with leanne . she 's already contemplate this . leanne ( cont ’d ) casey ? leanne await a answer and do not get one . she sit ina state of total dismay and utter disgust , fold she arm and look away in protest . desantis she jump in a strange car although the two of you strongly advise against it . when the fed get wind of this , they be gonna find this behavior a little suspicious . especially with she history of run away . leanne sigh , completely disgust . she bury she face , unable to even look at the detective . desantis ( cont ’d ) the reality be , if we can not get she back soon , this will go public . that mean FBI . a statewide apb . ( more ) ( continued ) 15 . continued : ( 4 ) desantis ( cont ’d ) her face all over the news and on every paper and tabloid that can not wait to use this incident to dig up she past and use it against she . leanne but she do not run away ! she be kidnap ! desantis I know she be . but in order for I to find out exactly what happen to darcy , I be gonna need all the fact . I need to know if she be back on she pill . if she be drink again . if she be have problem at work or with she love life . anything and everything . cur to : ext . sidewalk - residential STREET - morning it be a typical beautiful sunny day in California as darcy gold ( 20 ) blonde hair , drop dead gorgeous , jog down a sidewalk in she quiet , up scale neighborhood . she move with the grace and confidence of a bear star . superimpose : santa monica , CA two week ago darcey finish she jog and continue into she apartment building . int . darcy 's apartment - continuous darcy enter and continue into the kitchen . she grab a bottled water from the refrigerator and begin chugge it down like a mad woman . minute later darcy be sprawle out on the live room floor , stretch she leg out after a long , hard jog . she be in a full split . the phone ring behind she . darcy attempt to grab the phone from the table , but she hand cannot reach . she quickly sit up , answer . ( continued ) 16 . continued : darcy hello ? int . office of alicia newman - kbs studio darcy sit across from she boss alicia newman ( 5as ) a very attractive but somewhat frigid woman . she be the creator and executive producer of '' beverly manor '' . one of the top rate drama of the last ten year . she be a very important woman and she know it . ms . newman I be sorry to call you in here like this . it 's be a long week . and a stressful one at that . darcy what be it you wanna talk about ? ms . newman we have be make provision to be - write Jennifer 's character back into the show . we be gonna be bring she back for next season . darcy I do not understand . do not we kill she off ? ms . newman yeah , but the fan miss she . they miss she a lot . darcy I know . it take time for any show when they lose a cast member to -- ms . newman ( interrupt ) no. I be afraid we problem run a bit deeper than that . ( abruptly change the subject ) how rude of I . would you like a drink , darcy ? darcy sit awkwardly silent -- anxious and uncertain . darcy umm. sure . ( continued ) 17 . continued : Ms. Newman give darcy a unsure grin and briskly walk to a corner liquor cabinet . she pour herself and darcy a shot of scotch . she give darcy a extra generous belt of the liquor . darcy notice this and become visibly worried . ms . newman we have have a thirty percent drop in rating since last season . the network feel it 's because of Jennifer 's absence . quite frankly , they do not feel we can last another season without she . the competition be just too stiff . Ms. Newman hand darcy she drink and have a seat on the edge of she desk . darcy do she say something to you about come back ? ms . newman no . but I do not think that will be a problem . her new program have not take off the way we expect . there 's already talk of a mid season replacement . she can easily make the transition back to beverly manor . make a surprise appearance on the season finale ... and we rating will go through the roof . darcy a surprise appearance ? but we already wrap for this season . ms . newman we be gonna be re-shoot this season 's last two episode . it 's the majority opinion that in order to get we back in the race , we last episode should be more of a cliff hanger . something that will wet the viewer 's appetite . make they wanna tune in for another season . the producer feel with focus the story line on Jennifer , it could be we best year ever . ( continued ) 18 . continued : ( 2 ) darcy I see . ms . newman it seem the only logical way of bring Jennifer back this season be if she exact she much -await revenge on Kristen . unfortunately , that would mean -- darcy ( interrupt ) that would mean kill I off . ms . newman it 's a rating war , darcy . and we be lose fast . in the end , it all come down to the number . int . stairway - darcy 's apartment build - day darcy begin up a flight of stair with a large bag of grocery , look completely disgust . her annoying neighbor michael ( 20 ) boyishly handsome , but a bit cocky , look over a railing and notice she come up the stair . michael darcy . darcy sigh in frustration -- continue up the step toward she neighbor . Michael meet she half - way . his cocky smile ear to ear . michael funny run into you like this . you come up the step just as I be leave . darcy and how do I know I have be run into you today ? michael so you have be think about I ? darcy fight back a smile and look away in embarrassment . michael ( cont ’d ) you be blush . darcy I do not blush . ( continued ) 19 . continued : ( 3 ) michael you be red as a bett . darcy I be have a hot flash . now excuse I . I have ice cream melting . michael I will not keep you . I be just wonder if you have have time to be - think my offer for dinner . darcy I have . michael so what do you decide ? darcy I have not . darcy pass Michael and continue up . michael okay . I can see I get you at a bad time . if you change you mind -- darcy I know where you live . darcy disappear around a corner , out of sight . int . darcy 's apartment - dusk the bright SUN peak itself through darcy 's blind and into she live room . darcy be sprawle out on the couch , asleep . on the table in front of she sit a gin and tonic and a half - empty bottle . her phone ring . this startles darcy , cause she to jump . she let the phone ring , eventually let the answer Machine pick it up . mrs . gold ( 0.s. ) darcy ? it 's you mother . be you there ? hello ? darcy reach for the phone , answer . darcy hi , mom . ( continued ) 20 . continued : mrs . gold ( 0.s. ) darcy ? be you all right ? you sound like you be sleep . darcy I be . so what 's up ? mrs . gold ( 0.s. ) just check to see if you be still come to dinner . you father 's expect you , you know ? darcy quickly wake herself . sit up . darcy oh , man . what time be it ? she check she watch and grab she head in pain from sit up too fast . a beat . mrs . gold ( 0.s. ) it 's quarter till 's six . what 's wrong ? darcy nothing . I have a headache . mrs . gold ( 0.s. ) oh . so be you still come ? darcy I do not know . I have kind of have a bad day . mrs . gold ( 0.s. ) what happen ? darcy it 's a long , complicated story . one I really do not wanna get into right now . mrs . gold ( 0.s . ) well it sound to I like the last thing you should do be be alone right now . why do not you get dress and come over . we can talk about it before dinner . ( continued ) 21 . continued : ( 2 ) mrs . gold ( 0.s. ) hello ? darcy yeah . okay , Mom . mrs . gold ( 0.8 . ) okay . see you in a little bit . darcy hang up . she let out a huge , unenthusiastic sigh of exhaustion . ext . home of henry and sharon gold - night the gold 's upper middle class home . darcy definitely enjoy a comfortable but humble childhood . int . dine room - home of henry and sharon gold darcy and she two parent henry gold ( 5as ) and sharon gold ( 5as ) sit at the dinner table devour a large home - cook meal . fry chicken , mashed potato , corn on the cob , etc . mr . gold so what 's the big deal ? I think you like Jennifer . darcy I do . I guess . mr . gold so what 's the problem ? I think it 'il be good for the show if she come back . especially for you character . mrs . gold I think darcy 's concerned there might not be room for both of they on the show . mr . gold hey , darcy . you have get no reason to be upset about this . she 's be on that program for seven year . it 's only you first season . you can not just expect to win over she fan just like that . you 'il have to give they time to develop you character . ( continued ) 22 . continued : darcy put down she fork and nervously fold she arm . she can not even look she father in the eye , let alone tell he the real truth . mr. gold ( cont ’d ) but all that do not matter . what matter be you mother and I be proud of you . you have accomplish a lot this year . I know we have not exactly be supportive . but you surprised the hell out of a lot of people by stay sober the way you have . you should be proud of yourself . just like we be . darcy look anything but proud . mrs . gold he 's right , darcy . Mrs. gold notice darcy 's strange demeanor . mrs . gold ( cont ’d ) honey ? be there something you be not tell we ? you do not look so hot . darcy pause -- contemplate tell she parent she be let go from the show , but eventually back down . darcy no . I guess I be just not that hungry . mr . gold listen to you father . do not let Jennifer conway get you down . you be a winner . it 's in you blood . you be just gonna have to get use to it . darcy sport a fake smile and scoops herself some mashed potato . fade to black . fade in : int . darcy 's apartment build - parking garage - night darcy pull she s8.u.v. into a empty spot . 23 . int . darcy 's s.u.v . darcy 's face be red and she eye be fill with tear . she shut off she engine and begin cry heavily . int . hallway - apartment build darcy continue to cry as she slowly walk through the hallway head to she apartment . int . darcy 's apartment darcy enter -- shut the door behind she . she rest she back against the door , slowly slide to the floor and balling like crazy . int . michael 's apartment - minute later Michael be in bed , asleep . he hear a loud knocking come from the other room . he quickly get up , toss on a robe and continue to the door . he answer and be in shock to see darcy stand before he . her makeup be a mess from cry . she stand silent and still . Michael finally break the silence . michael it 's 11:30 . a little late for dinner , do not you think ? darcy invite herself inside -- still cry . she begin kissing Michael . he be take back at first , but do not stop she . she take off he robe and begin kissing he bare chest -- force he against a wall as they continue . fade out : fade in : int . michael 's bedroom - some time later darcy check to see if Michael be awake . she quietly sneak out of bed . Michael be almost comatose . he do not even move let alone notice darcy . 24 . int . darcy 's apartment - night darcy enter . she be completely dishevel and seemingly upset at herself for what she 's do with Michael . she toss she key down on a corner table as a long , complicated day be come to a end . bedroom - minute later darcy sit alone in the dark , drink a gin and tonic and talk on the phone with casey . darcy do I wake you ? casey ( 0.s. ) it 's okay . what 's up ? darcy nothing . I just want to talk . casey yeah , right , darcy . it 's one o'clock in the morning . what 's the matter ? darcy umm ... do you wanna get out of here ? maybe go somewhere this weekend ? cur to : int . casey and leanne 's motel room - day back to present day casey and that 's pretty much it . desantis and you do not know anything else ? casey no . but I could tell something be wrong by the way she be act . I could hear she cry . when I ask what it be , she would not tell I . it be obvious she do not feel like talk about it , so I do not push . ( continued ) 25 . continued : desantis but she do tell you she lose she job and sleep with Michael ? casey no . wot then . I do not hear about that until later . but I know she have a bad day . you could tell she just want to get the hell out of LA as soon as possible . she suggest we go to she parent 's lodge in Park City for the weekend . desantis jot down a few note on a note pad . CUT to : ext . desert highway - utah - dusk darcy 's s.u.v. barrel down the empty highway . surrounded by bright red landscape . in the b.g. , we hear loud music playing from the interior of the truck . int . s.u.v. darcy be behind the wheel with casey up front and leanne in the back . leanne so , darcy . I hear you be live across the hall from hannibal lector . darcy do not respond . she simply stare over at casey with disgust . casey sorry . I have to tell she . leanne so what 's he problem anyway ? be he , like , leave dead flower on you doorstep and write you poem in he own blood ? darcy it 's not like that . he 's harmless . he 's a actor and he 's new in the building . he 's just a little star strike . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : 26 . darcy ( cont would ) once he find out I be out of a job , he ’1ll get over it . believe I . leanne casey say that you say he be stalking you or something . casey be stalking she . not anymore . ( to darcy ) be not that right , darcy ? darcy smack casey on the arm . leanne 's jaw drop as she slowly figure it out . leanne you sleep with he ?! you little skank ! darcy it be a mistake . ( to casey ) why do you even do that ? leanne oh , I see . you could tell she you pork some weird stalker guy you barely even know , but you can not tell I ? darcy maybe it 's because I know you have freak out and call I pretty name like ho - bag and skank . leanne well , I be sorry , darcy , but I be not the one who 's constantly break we pact . casey a pact ? there 's a pact ? leanne darcey and I decide that the next relationship we be in , we be gonna hold out on we man for at least three month . the idea be that any man that can last three month be in it for more than sex . darcy or he 's really lame and desperate . ( continued ) continued : 27 . ( 2 ) leanne oh . so now I go with desperate guy ? be that it ? that the only guy who could possibly be interested in leanne 's saggin’ tit be some reject who have not be laid in five year ? please , darcy . do not feel the need to spare my feeling or anything . just come out with it . casey ( to leanne ) oh , yeah . while we be on the subject . who 's pregnancy test do I find in you waste basket last week ? darcy busted ! now who 's the skank ? leanne okay . first of all , that be not mine . casey it be not mine ! I know it be not darcy 's , so who else could it be ? leanne if you have shut up a second , I could tell you , casey ! casey okay , fine . tell we . we be all ear . darcy break out in hysterics . leanne ( cont ’d ) I have a friend over . she life with she folk . she be too afraid to do it at home so she use we place . casey yeah , right , leanne . you be so bust . darcy continue laugh uncontrollably . ( continued ) 28 . continued : ( 3 ) leanne ( to both ) what be you guy ?... like a tag team or something ? ( to casey ) I be try to talk to darcy for a second . I be try to make a point and you be , like , re-directing everything at I . get all in my face . darcy and how many time exactly do you and Roger go out before he climb the great peak of mount leanne ? casey yeah , really . it could not have be more than twice . leanne yeah , but it be over a span of three month , so that do not count . darcy and casey continue laugh at leanne . leanne ( cont ’d ) it do not count ! ext . gas station - convenience store they approach a old wear down gas station and turn in -- parking in front of one of the pump . out step darcy and the two girl . darcy continue into the store . casey great go , leanne . I should have know better than to tell you anything . leanne what ? I be bored . nobody say anything for , like , two hour . I be just try to live thing up a bit . ( continued ) 29 . continued : casey well you do . why have you have to say anything about she neighbor ? darcy 's never gonna tell I anything again . leanne hey , I be sorry , but I tell you guy everything and ... leanne stop mid-sentence when she notice a suspicious man ( 30 ) block darcy from enter the convenience store . he be be very flirtatious , force himself on she . he be a typical red-neck cowboy with a full beard , tank - top , dark shade and cowboy hat . casey what be it ? leanne that cowboy will not let darcy inside . casey also turn she attention to the door . the cowboy stand , block darcy from the doorway . casey begin fill darcy 's tank , all the while watch the greasy cowboy as he continue to taunt darcy . casey ( to herself ) just kick he in the ball , darcy . the cowboy finally give up and let darcy pass . he continue to he truck ... a grey dodge pick - up sit at the far end of the lot . casey watch the mysterious man as he return she stare . he grin and point he finger at she , all the while hold a bottle of beer in the same hand . he flick he thumb as if he 's pull a imaginary trigger . casey be visibly frighten by this . the cowboy crawl in he truck , crank up the engine . he sit , wait , stare back at the girl in he rearview mirror . darcy come out of the store . casey hang up the pump as she and leanne get back in the truck . darcy follow behind . 30 . int . s.u.v. casey and leanne stare into darcy 's rearview mirror , gaze at the dirty pick - up in the distance . leanne Nice wheel . casey turn she attention to darcy who be seemingly upset . casey you okay ? darcy same ass hole , different state . casey some thing you can not get away from . ext . gas station the girl pull out of the small lot and back onto the highway . they continue down the road a piece -- the grey pick - up follow behind . int . bar - night the three girl sit belly up at the local bar , do shot of tequila . darcy be the ring leader , set the other two up with another shot . darcy raise you glass . the three girl prepare for a toast . darcy ( cont ’d ) here 's to Jennifer . for she triumphant , but all too soon return to beverly manor . casey here , here . I guess . the three girl tap glass -- about to throw down another shot , until -- ( continued ) 31 . continued : leanne wait . casey and darcy stare over at leanne , wait . leanne ( cont ’d ) the other day , do not you say you want to claw this chick 's eye out and smash she face with a brick ? casey check with darcy . darcy so maybe it be not the most sincere of toast . I be just try to bea good sport . ( change the subject ) okay . for real this time . all joke aside . here 's to my mother and father , Henry and Sharon gold . May they love only grow stronger in this very difficult day that lay ahead . leanne look over at casey who return she stare . they be both suspicious of darcy 's strange rhetoric . the three girl tap glass , throw back another shot . casey ( to darcy ) why do not you ease up a bit . do not you think you be hit the booze a little hard ? darcy yes I do . on that note , I think I will have another . darcy pour herself another shot of cuervo . darcy ( cont ’d ) be you gonna have one with I or you gonna be a pain in my ass this whole trip ? casey give up and hold out she glass to darcy who quickly fill it . leanne turn she attention to the front door and notice the cowboy from earlier . he strut over to the bar and belly up . the bartender take he order . ( continued ) 32 . continued : ( 2 ) leanne oh great . do not look now . casey and darcy notice he sit down just a few foot away . they watch as he whisper something to the bartender . the bartender smile and approach the girl . bartender Excuse I lady . the gentleman at the end of the bar will be take care of you tab this evening . casey tell he no thanks . darcy tell he we appreciate it . casey darcy ? darcy let he pay . who care ? casey I do not want he hassling we again . darcy he do not hassle you , he hassle I . if I wanna be hassle , that 's my problem . casey you be drink too much . darcy no . you be just drink too little . some time later darcy and the cowboy be dance . darcy be absolutely obliterate . out of she mind drunk . she be hang all over the cowboy and make a fool of herself . casey and leanne sit at a corner table , way pass ready to leave . leanne do you think we should say something to she ? ( more ) ( continued ) 33 . continued : ( 3 ) leanne ( cont would ) I mean , if she 's not careful she 's gonna throw up all over he shirt . just like at that club last month . casey squint a bit , confuse . casey darcy say that be you . leanne whatever . can we just go get she and leave ? casey reluctantly take the job and walk over to darcy and she dance partner . casey Excuse I . we have to go . darcy oh , do we have to ? casey grab she friend by the arm and pull she away from the cowboy . they continue out of the bar as leanne follow behind . darcy ( to cowboy ) bye , bye ! int . motel room - bathroom - night darcy be puke she gut up in the toilet as leanne hold she hair back . casey walk in with a few can of ginger ale . she pour one into a small cup of ice and rest it on a nearby sink . casey how 's she do ? leanne you wanna turn down she bed . I be gonna try to move she . casey step out -- back into the bedroom . darcy toss a few more chunks into the commode . leanne take a peek inside . leanne ( cont ’d ) God . what be that ? ( continued ) 34 . continued : casey turn down the sheet on one of the two bed . she look up and notice a man -- wearing a dark ski mask and black cowboy hat -- stare into the window , between the drape and into they room . he quickly back away . casey leanne ? casey slowly move to the door and lock it . she hurry to the window and peek outside . there be no one in sight . ext . desert highway - morning the s.u.v. be back on the road as the three girl continue they journey across the red desert . int . s.u.v. leanne my stomach be kill I . casey you need some coffee and dry toast . soak up some of that poison in you system . darcy there 's a diner about a quarter mile up the road . my dad use to stop there all the time for breakfast . leanne oh , God . remind I again why I drink tequila . there 's get to be a easier way to have fun . darcy look to she right , quickly take notice of something : darcy 's p.o.v. they pass by a mysterious blue station wagon sit on the side of the road . the driver 's side window be down and a man 's head sit rest against the side of the door . he be not move . there be blood in the man 's hair and on the door . they continue past the car . back to scene ( continued ) 35 . continued : darcy wait . go back . casey what ? do you forget something ? darcy no . back there in that car . I see someone . they be bleed and they be not move ! casey I do not see anything . darcy I do ! and he be bleed ! look ! somebody could be hurt ! now will you just go back ! leanne I see something too , casey . maybe we should check it out . casey be you kid I ? we be in the middle of nowhere . you do not know that guy . he could have a gun or something . he could stuff the three of we in he trunk . darcy it 's my truck and I be tell you to turn around right now ! casey no way , darcy ! forget it ! darcey forcefully grab the wheel , jerk it to the right , force they onto the soft shoulder . casey quickly step on the brake . casey what the fuck , darcy ! what the hell 's the matter with you ?! be you high ?! darcy turn around right now or get out of the truck . ( continued ) 36 . continued : ( 2 ) casey look in the rearview mirror , stare back at leanne . the two girl share a look of shock and confusion . casey turn back to darcy . casey alright , darcy . we will go back . ext . highway casey pull a quick u-turn and head back toward the idle car . the s.u.v. pull up about a hundred foot behind the car and slowly come to a halt . int . s.u.v. darcy wait here . casey with pleasure . darcy step out and begin toward the vehicle . casey and leanne watch as darcy get closer and closer . ext . highway darcy stop and peek through the rear windshield at the man behind the wheel . he be not move . she continue toward the car -- she pace a bit slower and more cautious . int . station wagon camera p.o.v . from the interior of the car , we look up at darcy as she approach the passenger side door and peek inside . she be visibly startle by something and step back a bit . ext . station wagon darcy stare back at she two friend . int . s.u.v. casey and leanne both watch as darcy stare back at they with a panicked look in she eye . ( continued ) 37 . continued : leanne what be it ? what do you see ? ext . station wagon darcy he be not move ! I be gonna check he pulse ! int . s.u.v . casey nervously stroke she hair back . leanne now would be a good time to go get she . casey let I guess . you want I to do it ? leanne well , you be closer . casey smirk at leanne , shake she head and step out . int . / ext . s.u.v. casey slowly step out of the truck and begin toward darcy and the station wagon . casey darcy ! darcy there 's blood all over the place ! I think he might be dead ! casey then let 's call a ambulance and get the hell out of here ! darcy peek through the rear passenger window and into the backseat . something catch she attention . darcy 's p.o.v. ( continued ) 38 . continued : the man 's wallet sit open on the backseat . credit card and wallet size photograph be scattered all over the place . it appear someone have steal he money . int. / ext . s.u.v. leanne watch as darcy open the rear passenger side door . leanne what the hell be she do ? ext . highway casey continue toward the car at a brisk pace . casey darcy , I be serious ! let 's go ! darcy crawl into the backseat , against the advisement of she friend . she have to know . int . backseat - station wagon darcy pick up the wallet from the seat . she open it and notice that it be completely empty . no loose cash , no nothing . suddenly ... the man behind the wheel sit up and strike darcy over the head , knock she backward . he start the engine and dart off . ext . highway casey watch in horror . casey darcy !!! the car spin out of the dirt and back onto the main road . int . s.u.v. leanne also watch in horror as the station wagon speed off down the highway . leanne oh my GOD !!! 39 . ext . highway casey chase after the car on foot as a panicked darcy smack she hand on the rear windshield and scream for help . her scream be silent : muffle by the glass . leanne jump from the car and yell for casey to return . leanne come on !!! leanne jump in the driver 's seat . casey run back and jump in the front passenger seat . the two girl quickly begin after the car , in full pursuit . int . s.u.v. casey don ’t you lose her !!! leanne call the police !!! casey be in a absolute panic as she pull out she cell phone and dial 9 - 1 - 1 . casey the phone 's not work ! they gain on darcy 's kidnapper but quickly begin to slow down . leanne hit the gas repeatedly , but seem to do no good . the car keep get slower and slower . soon , step on the gas have no effect at all . leanne look down at the gauge . the tank be empty . leanne what the hell ! casey we be lose he ! ext . highway the s.u.v. come to a complete halt on the side of the road . ( continued ) 40 . continued : a few moment pass then suddenly ... a frantic casey and leanne jump out of the truck and head up the road on foot -- run as fast as they can . they be head for a small diner in the near distance . a pay phone await they . ext . diner casey and leanne approach the diner , completely exhaust . casey run to a pay phone and dial 9 - 1 - 1 . operator ( 0.s. ) 911 . what 's you emergency ? cuT to : int . casey and leanne 's motel room - day back to present day casey and that be the last we see of she . desantis neither this grey pick - up or the wagon have a license tag ? casey so what do you think ? you think it be the same guy ? desantis nod in agreement . cuUT to : int . sheriff patterson 's car - day sheriff Patterson and desantis cruise down a dusty piece of highway , side by side . desantis I hear this be not the first time a woman 's be abduct in bryerson . sheriff Patterson smile at desantis 's coy persistence . ( continued ) 41 . continued : sheriff patterson so you hear about that do you ? desantis you wanna tell I about Janet cooney ? sheriff patterson not much to tell . she be this hooker . drifted in to town some year back . she be out there on the highway , sellin’ she ass for about two year . one night , some john pick she up , beat she damn near to death , then drop she in the desert right where he find she . desantis no lead ? sheriff patterson no . she 's get no know family . we could not get anyone to claim the body . after the autopsy , we have she cremate . outside she occupation , no one seem to know much about she . desantis so what 's you take on what happen ? sheriff Patterson stare suspiciously over at desantis . reluctant to answer . sheriff patterson we find a switchblade in the dirt near cooney 's body , cover in blood . her right thumb and finger be slice up real good . examiner say she cut herself with the blade . so I be think , he start get rough with she so she pull the knife . desantis go over the case in he head and compare he theory with the sheriff . sheriff patterson ( cont ’d ) he try to knock the knife out of she hand and she cut herself . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : 42 . ( 2 ) sheriff patterson ( cont ’d ) then he start in on beat she . only he do not stop . when he 's do , he drag she into the desert and off he go into the sweet bye and bye . desantis what about the possibility this guy 's local ? sheriff patterson I do not think so . her house be only a quarter mile up the road from where we find she . that 's where she usually take she john . I think this guy want a quickie for the road . besides . a local know about a thousand better hide place for that body than on the side of the highway in plain view . no . this guy be ina panic . desantis that would be true . unless he want you to find she body . sheriff Patterson turn and give desantis a discern stare . sheriff patterson I know what you be get at . now just in case you be think there 's a connection between the cooney murder and you girl get snatch , you can hold it right there . desantis I do not say that . sheriff patterson no , but you be hint at it . I be not as slow as you think , desantis . desantis you get a small town , sheriff . I would not think this type of thing happen every day . sheriff patterson no , it do not . ( continued ) 43 . continued : ( 3 ) desantis and you do not think there 's a possibility of a connection ? sheriff patterson I watch that girl for year , peddle she ass on that highway . it be a matter of time before some nut job pass through town break she neck or cut she throat . the last thing I wanna do be scream serial killer and get everyone in town into a uproar . they will be burn up my phone line every time little susie 's late get home from cheerlead . desantis visibly grow weary of sheriff Patterson 's uncare , lazy attitude . sheriff patterson this be not LA . it 's peaceful here . for the last twenty year this people have be look to I to keep it that way . if word get out I be lose control , then all hell break loose . int . motel room - crime scene the sound of a door be unlock . enter desantis and sheriff Patterson . the first thing desantis notice be the minute drop of blood on the carpet , lead into the bathroom . he p.o.v . desantis look into the bathroom and instantly notice the bloody handprint on the interior wall of the shower . ( no shower curtain ) back to scene the two man continue further into the room . desantis take notice of the barren hook on the wall where a picture once hang . sheriff patterson I figure they start fight right about here . ( continued ) 44 , continued : sheriff Patterson stand near the center of the room where the picture fall from the wall . desantis notice small piece of break glass and a bloody right handprint . the small print of a young woman . sheriff patterson ( cont ’d ) look like they start fight , he throw she into the wall , knock the picture down and shatter the frame . that 's probably where she cut herself . she fall right about here and bleed out . desantis turn he attention from the bloody spot to yet another blood stain about ten foot away . a good foot from that stain be two more bloody handprint . the print be small and delicate . he approach the blood evidence , kneel down to take a closer look . in the corner of the room sit a small round table . there be a small blood smear on the edge of the table . desantis then motion toward the blood stain and handprint on the carpet -- connect all the dot in he head . he stand and motion toward the bed . the blanket be turn down on only half of the bed , as if only one person have sleep in it . desantis you get the lab result from forensics ? sheriff patterson yeah . they pull a blonde hair from the bed sheet and cross it with a sample from darcy 's hair brush . wo match . desantis stay focus on the crime scene , completely ignore sheriff Patterson . int . bathroom moment later ( continued ) 45 . continued : desantis kneel over the bathtub , take a peek . sheriff Patterson hover behind he . desantis notice the print of three bloody fingertip on the edge of the tub . sheriff patterson you notice anything miss ? desantis the shower curtain . sheriff patterson he use it to wrap the body . desantis there 's three print smear on the edge of the tub , plus the handprint . but the rest of the shower 's immaculate . it 's like he clean around it . sheriff patterson look like she regain consciousness and try to get out . desantis what 's wrong with this picture ? sheriff patterson the handprint . it 's too high up the wall . if you girl be flat on she back , there 's no way she have reach . desantis very good , sheriff , but what do it mean ? int . sheriff patterson 's home - office - night desantis sift through a stack of crime scene photo from both the Janet cooney murder and the motel room where darcy be assault . sheriff Patterson sit comfortably with he foot kick up on a desk , wait for desantis to finish . sheriff patterson I do not know what you think you be gonna find , but we have be over every inch of that thing a thousand time . ( continued ) 46 . continued : desantis it never hurt to have a fresh pair of eye . sheriff patterson look . if I do not get to bed , my wife 's gonna come look for I . desantis pick up a large photo of janet cooney 's body from the desk . it be a full shot of she body , lay idle in the desert . her left arm lay fully extend and expose . her right arm be carefully place behind she back . he lay the picture down and review the next ; a close up of the decease 's left hand . there be severe cut on the woman 's thumb and index finger . self - inflicted wound cause by a switchblade . desantis wait a minute . sheriff patterson what ? desantis pick up another crime scene photo from the desk ; the bloody handprint of darcy 's left hand on the shower wall . he lay the photo down and pick up another ; a shot of another bloody handprint on the motel room 's carpet . darcy 's wounded right hand after she be violently toss to the floor . desantis there 's only one print on the carpet . sheriff patterson yeah ? desantis if darcy cut both she hand on the glass , then why be there only a right hand print on the carpet ? sheriff patterson simple . her leave hand never touch the floor . desantis maybe . or someone else cut it for she . ( continued ) 47 . continued : ( 2 ) sheriff patterson what be you say ? desantis toss down a photo and pick up another . this one be a close up of cooney 's right arm , place carefully behind she back . desantis cooney 's arm be find behind she back . I do not think this be coincidence . this be how you guy restrain she . she do not die in that car . you guy walk she into the desert first . the wheel begin to turn in sheriff Patterson 's eye . desantis ( cont ’d ) then he wrap she arm around she back and listen to she scream in pain as she beg for she life . you know what else ? I think he do the same thing to darcy . sheriff patterson now hold on . do not you think you be get a little ahead of yourself ? all this could be coincidence . desantis that 's why the leave hand print . he pull darcy 's arm around she back . just like he do to cooney . that 's when he cut she . he cut she leave hand and plant she print on the shower wall . desantis pick up the photo of cooney 's left hand , severely wounded from a knife . desantis ( cont ’d ) darcy 's leave hand print . that 's what he want we to find . that 's the connection . sheriff patterson find what ? and what connection ? ( continued ) 48 . continued : ( 3 ) desantis I think I know what this guy be try to tell you now , sheriff . come and get I , cop . int . sheriff department - conference room - day desantis , sheriff Patterson and the gold sit at a large conference table , discuss the investigation . the gold appear very weary . they look as if they have be ery non-stop for day . desantis have darcy mention anything to you about get strange phone call or if someone might be follow she ? mr . gold if there be someone like that , she would not tell we . mrs . gold she do not like to worry we . we have always be very protective with darcy . when she drug start get out of control , we put she in a hospital . when she get out , we insisted she come stay with we for awhile . she do not want any part of it . but the network insisted she stay under strict supervision that first few month out of the program . she 's barely speak with we since . desantis be lock into every word . a look of intense concentration consume he face . mr . gold she be hell bent on jump right back into she career . no matter how much we be against it . desantis look to be in deep think , ponder what the gold have tell he . he snap out of it and turn he attention back to the gold . desantis thank you . 49 . ext . sheriff department - day Mr. gold take he dog for a short walk across the parking lot , leash in hand . Sharon stand in front of the office , puff away at a cigarette , take one nervous drag after the next as desantis exit the building . he spot she , quietly have a seat on a outside bench . mrs . gold it really be beautiful country , be not it ? desantis stare off into the mountain , as if for the first time . desantis yes , it certainly be . I guess I never stop to notice . mrs . gold I forget how much I miss it here . it 's so quiet . sometimes I wonder if darcy be better off be raise in a small town . someplace where people do not walk all over you , or spit on you so much as look at you . Sharon nervously reach for another smoke , sparking it up . desantis notice she slowly grow angry , almost break out into tear . mrs . gold ( cont ’d ) but we be the typical Hollywood family . darcy spend most of she childhood either listen to Henry and I argue or watch we drink . we whole world revolve around the next audition or get pick up by some stupid pilot . and it be always a competition . we think we life would change if we have a baby and stop think about ourselves . but it do not . nothing ever change . Sharon 's eye remain lock on Henry , now toss a tennis ball with he dog . ( continued ) 50 . continued : mrs . gold ( cont ’d ) except now , instead of two angry people in the house , there be three . I remember when thing get too hot between Henry and I at the dinner table ... darcy would ask if the three of we could go get ice cream . we would always give in . every time . it seem like every other night , after dinner , we be sit down at scoops . watch each other eat ice cream . none of we say a damn thing . but it always put a smile on darcy 's face . Henry and I would just look at each other , smile at what a little con artist she be . she be funny that way . Sharon turn , smile at desantis , who politely return she grin . mrs . gold ( cont ’d ) I guess she have to have a sense of humor live with the two of we . imagine we shock when darcy announce she want to be a actress like she mommy . I guess , in a way , she have be perform she whole life . that 's all she ever know how to do . desantis slowly drift off into a daydream , contemplate what Sharon have tell he . int . desantis car - night desantis cruise down a long , dark stretch of highway . he make a leave turn onto a dirty , country road . he slowly make he way down the path until he approach two patrol car -- light flashing . park in the middle of the road be the blue station wagon from before . the trunk sit open . desantis notice and be visibly frighten . 51 . int . / ext . desantis car desantis step out and approach the abandon car . he be greet by sheriff Patterson . desantis be she ...? sheriff patterson no . but we do find this . sheriff Patterson walk to the rear of the station wagon and motion inside . he grab one of five large red gas can from the trunk . they be all fill to the brim with gasoline . sheriff patterson ( cont ’d ) look like he siphon the gas out of darcy 's truck the night before . and so the game continue . desantis you get a lead on the owner ? sheriff patterson no tag , no registration and not one visible vin on the entire car . desantis anything else ? sheriff patterson take a look for yourself . sheriff Patterson begin toward the driver 's side of the vehicle . desantis follow behind . sheriff Patterson motion toward bright red blood on the outside of the driver 's door . sheriff patterson ( cont ’d ) Red paint . it 's all over the interior . desantis peek he head inside , take in the carefully stage crime scene . Fake blood be carefully spatter on the steering wheel , headrest , dashboard and windshield . desantis so what do you make of this ? ( continued ) 52 . continued : sheriff patterson to the untrained eye , like darcy , this might look a helluva lot like a gunshot wound to the head , close range . desantis pull he head from the window and face the sheriff . sheriff patterson ( cont ’d ) and just when she figure he for dead , she open the door to check he id and off he go . desantis i.d .? sheriff Patterson hand desantis a black wallet . sheriff patterson found it in the backseat along with a mess of steal credit card , no cash . the card be scattered everywhere and the wallet be empty . you girl probably spot it in the backseat and get in to get a closer look . desantis it 's a set-up . he make it so he get shot by some drifter who snag he cash . sheriff patterson this guy sure go through a lot of trouble to snatch you girlfriend , desantis . desantis yeah . look that way . desantis brushes off the sheriff . sheriff Patterson 's eye never leave the detective . desantis ( cont ’d ) if he dumped she , she can not be far . sheriff patterson the dog be on they way . it will be sun - up in about a hour . ( continued ) 53 . continued : ( 2 ) desantis i’1l let the gold know . desantis walk off . sheriff Patterson watch with suspicion . CUT to : int . casey and leanne 's motel room - night the room be dark . desantis sit in a corner chair , in deep think , as casey and leanne sleep in the same bed just a few foot away . casey lay awake , focus on the telephone . leanne be sound asleep . casey I keep wait for that phone to ring . casey focus on desantis 's eye , study they . casey ( cont ’d ) you think she 's dead , do not you ? or ) desantis I do not know . casey I too . desantis be visibly surprised with casey . casey ( cont ’d ) I be sorry . desantis ( motion to leanne ) how 's she handle this ? casey leanne ? same way she deal with everything else in she life . she sleep all day and hope everything will work out on its own . desantis and darcy ? do she ...? ( continued ) 54 . continued : casey still talk about you ? drink herself to sleep every night over she unborn child ? no . not at all . desantis that 's not what I be gonna ask . casey she do not blame you for lose the baby . it be the stress of everything . try to stay straight . try to stay perfect in the public 's eye . she have not be happy for awhile , you know ? desantis do she parent know about we ? casey I do not know . darcy never mention it . it do not really matter anymore , do it ? the only thing you can do for she now be find she and bring she home alive . after that , the two of you can call it even . int . mr. and mrs . gold 's motel room Henry and Sharon lay awake in bed . Sharon in Henry 's arm , search for some comfort at this very difficult time . thought of they daughter 's safety consume they every second . the phone suddenly ring , startling the gold . Henry reach over and answer . mr . gold hello ? no one . mr. gold ( cont ’d ) hello ? ( listen ) who be this ? Sharon quickly sit up , put she ear to the phone and listen for a voice on the other line . ( continued ) 55 . continued : strange man ( 0.s. ) I be watch you . a stunne Sharon cover she mouth to keep from scream . suddenly ... there be a loud knock at the door . the gold almost jump off the bed in a panic as Sharon let out a horrible shriek . mr . gold stay here . Mr. gold reluctantly head for the front door . he open and walk outside -- int . / ext . motel room - continuous Mr. gold look into the distance and notice the strange cowboy -- black cowboy hat and face mask -- on a dirt bike , sit at the edge of the motel parking lot . he be revving he engine and stare back at Mr. gold . Mr. gold simply stand in shock , unsure of he next move . he only return the man 's stare . he be helpless . Mrs. gold run to the doorway and notice something tape on the door itself . it be a polaroid of darcy , streak in blood . her throat have apparently be slit . her lifeless eye stare back at we . Mrs. gold instantly turn away from the photo , cover she mouth . she vomit slightly , in between she finger , stumbling to the floor in shock . the cowboy speed off , down the dark highway , kick up a mound of dirt and dust into the air . Mrs. gold scream out in horror . Mr. gold run back into the room , notice the picture . he also scream out in agony at this gruesome sight . he grab he wife and hold she tight as they grieve for they daughter together . then , the phone ring again . Mr. gold rush over to answer . mr . gold hello ? the cowboy ( v.o. ) this must be daddy . mr . gold yes . this be Henry gold . ( continued ) 56 . continued : the cowboy ( v.o. ) good . pay close attention , Henry . now you know I be watch you . that mean I see thing . when you take you next piss , before you fuck one more inch of that wife of yours , I 'il know about it . tell I you understand . mr . gold yeah . I get it . Mrs. gold hover over the toilet , dry heaving . she be in complete shock , sick beyond description . Mr. gold rush over to she , get she attention . she stare up at he . mrs . gold oh my God , Henry ! Mr. gold shut he eye , unable to bear the scene before he . he quickly turn away from he wife , try to focus . the cowboy ( v.o. ) now understand this , Henry . if you involve one more cop or step one foot outside this city without my permission ... I let the whore die . now 's the part where you ask I what I want . mr . gold what do you want ? the cowboy ( v.o. ) good boy . I want five hundred thousand cash , not a penny less . mr . gold I ... I do not know . I do not have that kind of money . be reasonable . I can get you some money , but ... the cowboy ( v.o. ) ( interrupt ) now , come on , Henry . you daughter 's worth it . I know who she be . there 's a lot of people who wanna see she live . you be in charge of see she do . ( more ) ( continued ) 57 . continued : ( 2 ) the cowboy ( v.0 . ) ( cont would ) when you get the cash , you can contact darcy 's cell and I 'il get you the time and place . you have forty eight hour . well ... you be waste time , Henry . I need a yes or no . mr . gold yes , of course . I can get it . the cowboy ( v.o. ) good . I like you attitude . you be one step closer to get you daughter back . sleep well , Henry . the cowboy hang up . int . sheriff department - conference room - morning desantis , the gold , casey and leanne gather around the table as sheriff Patterson stand at the helm . sheriff patterson this be only a warning of what he 'il do to she if we do not meet he demand . he 's ask for half a million cash . ( to the gold ) I assume you and you wife do not have that kind of money lay around ? mr . gold no . we have get about $ 100,000 in savings , a few bond . nothing close . mrs . gold maybe if we make a good faith payment it could buy we some more time ... sheriff patterson it will not work . it 's get to be $ 500,000 . not a dime less or he kill darcy . now it 's obvious this man know who she be and what kind of cash she 's capable of raise . he 's not look to settle . ( continued ) 58 . continued : mrs . gold but darcy 's just get start . she do not have that kind of money . desantis but she know people who do . people who would want to help she . we guy know that . mr . gold what be you say ? desantis the only option we have be go to kbs . I think we guy 's count on that . leanne the network ? desantis if this go public and the press find out they refuse to put up darcy 's ransom , they 's 1ll have a field day with it . after just let darcy out of she contract I be sure they will not want any more bad publicity . mrs . gold I do not understand . darcy 's miss , possibly dead and you be talk about publicity . desantis as twisted as it may sound , put up darcy 's ransom be a rating booster . once we get she back , a lot of people be gonna want to hear she story . if they be smart , the exec at kbs will want she back alive as soon as possible . casey look to be in deep think -- contemplate something . she finally break she silence -- casey what if we can not get the money in time ? you can not be sure kbs will just hand over this kind of cash with no question ask . ( continued ) continued : ext . kbs ( 2 ) sheriff patterson I be gonna have to agree with desantis on this one . if they know they be darcy 's only hope , they 's 11l cooperate . they have a lot more to gain by get she back . casey it just seem like too big a risk . mrs . gold no . this will not work . there 's get to be a easier way of get this money . maybe from the police or the FBI . do not they prepare for situation like this ? sheriff patterson he say if we involve the police or FBI , he 's go and darcy 's as good as dead . mrs . gold you do not know that . desantis you already know he 's be watch we every move . I guarantee you he 'il be watch this one . mr . gold time 's already run out . how do you know for certain that this people at the network will cooperate ? desantis May I make a suggestion ? studio - hollywood , CA - day superimpose : kbs studio hollywood , CA 59 . Cars be enter and exite the front yellow gate of this busy television studio . 60 . int . beverly manor production office desantis follow a busy Ms. Newman through the office . she be carry a lot of paperwork and seem disinterested in desantis 's story . ms . newman put yourself in my position , detective . what would you do if you be I ? just day after you let darcy out of she contract , she ex fiance show up ask for $ 500,000 in ransom money . you would not think that the least suspicious ? desantis I do not know . I guess it would depend on my personal relationship with darcy . look , I know this be a lot to take in , Ms. Newman , but we do not have a lot of time here -- ms . newman right . I get it . Ms. Newman enter she office as desantis follow behind , shutting the door . ext./ int . office of alicia newman - continuous Ms. Newman walk around she desk and sort some paperwork as she continue with desantis . ms . newman you have 48 hour to get the money or she 's dead , right ? desantis actually , it 's 36 . ms . newman right . I see that movie too . I think I produce it . desantis it sound suspicious , I know . but believe I , this could not be more -- ( continued ) 61 . continued : ms . newman why have not I hear anything about this until now ? why have not you alert the police or the FBI about darcy 's disappearance . desantis if you have just listen one second -- ms . newman I wonder what you Captain would feel about all this . I be sure you have alert he of darcy 's abduction . maybe I should give he a call and we can straighten this out right now . Ms. Newman pick up she phone . desantis quickly grab it and slam it down on the receiver . ms . newman ( cont ’d ) what the hell do you think you be do ? desantis dial , put the phone to he ear , listen . desantis hey . it 's Charlie . ( listen ) she 's right here in front of I , Mr. gold . Ms. Newman be take back by this sudden change in event . she be stunne and visibly frighten . desantis ( cont ’d ) ( into the phone ) you wanna talk to she ? desantis hand the phone to a very reluctant Ms. Newman . ms . newman hello ? ( listen ) yes , Mr. gold . I have be make aware of the situation and I be very sorry . ( listen ) yes . I be well aware of you time restraint . detective desantis have be fill I in . ( more ) ( continued ) 62. continued : ( 2 ) ms. newman ( cont would ) ( listen ) no . of course not . ( listen ) yes , sir . I can guarantee you that kbs will be do everything we can to ensure darcy 's safe return . ( listen ) yes , of course I will . ( listen ) yes . thank you . and may God be with you and you family . ( listen ) yes. Goodbye . Ms. Newman hang up the phone and stare back at desantis with a look of uncertainty in she eye . cur to : ext . dirt road - bryerson , utah - night a large u-haul van sit park on the dirt path . the rear cab be open . sitting a good thirty foot from the truck be a man on a dirt bike -- the cowboy . he be wear he trademark black cowboy hat and face mask . he revs the motor on he bike , give it some juice . he then ride the bike up a long metal ramp , into the back of the van . the cowboy park the bike and jump out , close the metal ramp and slide door behind he . he continue to the driver 's side and get in . the SOUND of the engine starting . full shot of the truck the large u-haul continue up the long , dark path . the echoing roar of the engine fill the night sky -- the truck slowly disappear into the darkness . fade out . fade in : ext . street of downtown bryerson - night darcy 's s.u.v. slowly cruise down the quiet street . it be the middle of the night . not a soul in sight . the s.u.v. approach a alley and stop . ( continued ) 63 . continued : park halfway down the alley be the cowboy 's grey dodge pick - up . the motor bike that be once strapped into the truck be now go . int . s.u.v. Henry gold sit behind the wheel with a cell phone to he ear . mr . gold okay . I be here . the cowboy ( 0.s. ) I see you . int . sheriff patterson 's car deputy bracken drive through the dark avenue of this quiet downtown with sheriff Patterson at he side -- use a earpiece to listen in on Mr. gold and the kidnapper 's conversation . the cowboy ( 0.s. ) now , real slow - like , you be gonna back down the alley in reverse . ext . alley # 2 desantis also cruise down a dark alley with he head light off . he slowly come to a halt . int . desantis car desantis also have a plug in he ear -- listen to the kidnapper 's demand . the cowboy ( 0.s. ) you be gonna keep go until you reach the fire escape . then you stop . int . sheriff patterson 's car deputy bracken continue down the dark street with sheriff Patterson at he side . ( continued ) 64 . continued : sheriff patterson stop the car . ext . sheriff patterson 's car they come to a halt . out step the sheriff . ext./ int . sheriff patterson 's car sheriff Patterson pop he head inside the window . sheriff patterson when I give the word , you move it in . but not one second before . you get it ? deputy bracken get it . sheriff patterson okay . see you there . sheriff Patterson continue down the street on foot as he deputy pull away . he put a two way walkie to he mouth . sheriff patterson ( cont ’d ) desantis ? be you in position ? match CUT to : int . desantis car desantis respond with he two way walkie . desantis copy that . ext . STREET sheriff Patterson pull he gun from a holster as he continue down the street on foot . sheriff patterson ( into the walkie ) all right . just stay put and be ready to block that exit . match CUT to : 65 . int . desantis car desantis Roger that . int . alley the s.u.v. pull ahead of the alley a few foot , then begin down the alley in reverse . it slowly approach the grey dodge pick - up and stop about twenty or thirty foot from the bumper . int . s.u.v. Mr. gold put the cell to he ear . mr . gold I be here . the cowboy ( 0.s. ) now you be gonna take the money out . then open up that back door . let I take a real good look . if I even think I see a shadow of something or someone ... i’1 ] 1 slit she throat . tell I if you understand . mr . gold I understand . the cowboy ( 0.s. ) great . now get out . Mr. gold open he door and step out with the black money bag in hand . it be fill with $ 500,000 cash . int . / ext . s.u.v. Mr. gold walk to the rear -- about to open the back door -- the cowboy ( 0.s. ) wait . Mr. gold stop in he track . the cowboy ( 0.s. ) open you coat . ( continued ) 66 . continued : Mr. gold pull open he coat , let the cowboy take a peek . the cowboy ( 0.s. ) take it off . Mr. gold remove he coat and drop it to the ground . the cowboy ( 0.s. ) put you hand up and turn around . Mr. gold place he hand in the air and slowly turn , face the back of the s.u.v. the cowboy ( 0.s. ) now open up the door . Mr. gold open the rear door of the s.u.v . there be no one inside . int . desantis car desantis listen carefully . the cowboy ( 0.s. ) Real good , pop . we be halfway there . ext . STREET sheriff Patterson continue jogging down the street with he gun draw and in the other hand hold in he ear piece , still listen to every word . he slowly approach the entrance to a alley . he peek he head around the corner and notice the grey dodge pick - up sit in a adjacent alley . he also notice the shadowy figure of a man hide behind a trash dumpster . sheriff patterson I see he . I see the son of a bitch . he 's hide behind the trash . match CUT to : 67. int . desantis car desantis respond . desantis be darcy with he ? sheriff patterson ( 0.s. ) I can not tell . desantis do not move in . not yet . sheriff patterson ( 0.s. ) he 'il kill he . desantis he ’1ll kill she if he see you . int . alley Mr. gold approach the driver 's window of the grey pick - up with the bag of money , then suddenly -- the cowboy come careen around the left-hand corner on a motor bike , wear he trademark hat and mask , armed with a large mag - light flashlight . he shine the light into Mr. gold 's face , blind he , knock he over the head with the flashlight . ext . STREET sheriff Patterson chase after the suspect . sheriff patterson move it in ! he 's on the move ! int . alley Mr. gold lay unconscious on the ground . the cowboy grab the money bag , begin down the opposite end on he bike . sheriff Patterson spot the motor bike speed down the second alley , raise he weapon to fire . before he can get a clear shot , the motor bike disappear behind a wall . sheriff patterson desantis , he 's head you way ! 68 . ext . alley desantis come to a screeching halt in front of the alley 's exit , block the cowboy in . the cowboy also spot desantis and slam on he brake . he pull a very large .50 caliber revolver with laser sighting from he side . desantis step out of he car and run into the alley with he gun draw . he stop and point he weapon at the suspect . desantis drop it !!! sheriff Patterson come careen around the corner and stop . he notice the stand - off between the two man . sheriff patterson shoot he ! what be you wait for ?! ext . STREET deputy bracken cut a hard right into the second alley , quickly make he way up the alley , toward the sheriff . int . alley the cowboy point he red laser light at desantis 's chest , ready to pull the trigger . he have the detective 's life in he hand . sheriff Patterson point he pistol at the cowboy , ready to shoot the mask killer . he spot desantis in he line of fire and can not take the shot . the cowboy begin after desantis at full speed . desantis freeze !!! the cowboy move closer and closer to desantis -- who stand freeze and can not take the shot . sheriff patterson shoot he !!! ( continued ) 69 . continued : the cowboy drop he weapon and strike desantis over the head with the large flashlight , knock he to the ground . the cowboy pass desantis 's car and back onto the main street . ext . STREET the dirt bike be out of sight almost immediately . int . alley desantis lay on the ground , grab he throbbing head in pain . sheriff Patterson run down the alley toward he . ext . STREET the cowboy be nowhere in sight . he have get away . ext . sheriff patterson 's office desantis peer through the glass at sheriff Patterson pace back and forth on the phone . he be argue with someone . abruptly , the sheriff slam the phone down on the receiver . enter desantis . ext./ int . sheriff patterson 's office sheriff Patterson give desantis a look of complete contempt . sheriff patterson I think I tell you to wait at the motel . if the gold see you here , they 'il take you head off . if I do not do it first . desantis you hear anything ? sheriff patterson oh , we be just get flood with phone call here , desantis ! if you bother put a hole in that cowboy I guess we could be check the local hospital for gunshot wound ! ( continued ) 70 . continued : desantis hang he head low -- in shame . yet , he remain focus and continue dron on about the case . desantis I be guess he ditch the bike and have a back up car wait somewhere close by . sheriff patterson be that right ? you know , you be always one step ahead of we good ole 's boy , be not you ? or maybe you be just cover for the fact that you just plain fuck up out there . desantis I could not get a clear shot . sheriff patterson bullshit ! Hell , l.a.p.d .! you spend four day a week at the pistol range , you can not shoot one lousy son of a bitch ten foot in front of you ?! deputy bracken enter -- interrupt the man . deputy bracken Excuse I . sheriff patterson not now , billy ! can not you see I be busy in here ! deputy bracken sorry . the gold wanna know what 's happen ? sheriff patterson ( to bracken ) desantis here be about to tell we what in the hell happen out there . ( to desantis ) well ? we be wait ! desantis I could not see well enough to get a clear shot . but he have I in he sight . all he have to do be pull the trigger and I be do . ( more ) ( continued ) 71 . continued : ( 2 ) desantis ( cont would ) but he do not . it take a lot of nerve for he to charge I the way he do . it 's like he know I would not take the shot . sheriff patterson that 's real interesting , desantis . why the hell would he think that ? desantis because he know I have figure out who he be . deputy bracken let out a slight smirk , shaking he head in contempt . sheriff patterson you have figure it all out . well tell I , desantis -- who be he ? if you do not mind let the rest of we simple mind in on you little secret . desantis somebody close to darcy . a friend . a boyfriend , maybe . sheriff patterson darcy 's boyfriend ? they be all in cahoot together now ? be that it ? desantis it 's the only explanation I can come up with . sheriff Patterson lower he head and shake it in frustration . he pick up a photograph from he desk , hand it to desantis -- who inspect it . insert - photo of janet cooney her dead body be bruise and badly beat . sheriff patterson that look familiar to you ? billy find that in the pick - up , under the driver 's seat . now unless darcy 's boyfriend drive into town to beat cooney to death , I have say this new little theory of yours be one big fuckin’ steaming pile of horse shit . ( continued ) 72 . continued : ( 3 ) desantis shut he eye in embarrassment . he hand the photo to deputy bracken who be smile from ear to ear . sheriff patterson ( cont ’d ) ( to deputy bracken ) billy . I want you to escort the detective back to he motel . let he pack he thing . when he 's do , make sure he 's on the road and head the right direction . deputy bracken yes , sir , boss . sheriff Patterson excuse himself from the office , leave desantis stand pitiful and shame . he simply stare at the floor with nothing to say for himself . for the first time , he be completely speechless . int . sheriff department - MAIN waiting room the gold , casey and leanne all listen as the sheriff explain the latest news on darcy 's abductor . sheriff patterson I have arrange to set up road block on both end of the interstate , within a hundred mile radius of here . along with my staff , we have get man in five different county look for darcy . check every local motel , every back road , bus depot and train station from here to Salt Lake . I have also contact the state police . they be put a apb out on darcy and we suspect . the FBI too . a field agent from the bureau will be here in the morning . I '’11 be officially turn over ... ( catch himself ) darcy 's investigation ... to they . mr . gold you assure we the safest thing for darcy be to keep this quiet . sheriff patterson I know . we do what be right and safe for darcy at that time . but thing be a bit different now . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : 73 . sheriff patterson ( cont would ) we make good with the ransom . this man 's get the money and the mean to disappear for good . he can only expect we to come at he with everything we get . and that 's exactly what we be go to do . mr . gold it 's a little late for heroic , sheriff . weither one of you could admit this be a situation you could not handle . none of you . you just want to keep thing nice and quiet so you do not put a scare in you precious little town . no ! that would make too big of a mess ! sheriff Patterson hang he head low as Mr. gold continue to let he have it . mr. gold ( cont 'd ) you wanna help we now , sheriff ? you tell the FBI everything . you tell they how you insisted on keep they from my daughter 's investigation to cover you ass . then maybe you can tell they how you let a Los Angeles detective a hundred mile out of he jurisdiction let we daughter 's kidnapper get away right under you nose . why do not you put all that in you fuck report ! casey look away and to the front door where deputy bracken be escort desantis out . ext . motel casey pull into the motel lot and park in front of they room . deputy bracken sit wait in he squad car , take notice of casey . she ignore he and head for the room . int . motel room desantis finish pack he stuff into casey , who quickly shut the door behind a suitcase . enter she . ( continued ) 74 . continued : casey why do not you take that shot ? desantis it 's the fed case now . casey you think she 's alive , do not you ? desantis she be not at the drop . casey that do not mean she 's dead . even if you think she be dead , why do not you take that shot ? you have nothing to lose . he drop he gun . desantis want to answer casey . the word be there , but he just can not . he stare at she for what seem like a eternity . then ... suddenly ... he break he silence . desantis I can not help she anymore . I have put in my time . she 's sick , casey . very sick and there 's nothing more I or you can do about that . casey stand in shock by this statement . she want to hear this , but do not expect to . desantis ( cont ’d ) but I think we have all know that for awhile now . casey oh my God . desantis she want a new life . you say so yourself . now she have the chance . away from everything and everybody . casey cover she mouth as if she 's go to be sick . she turn away from he and stare out the window . casey what do this man talk she into ? what the hell be she think ? I do not understand ! any of this ! ( more ) ( continued ) continued : 75 . ( 2 ) casey ( cont would ) no , Charlie ! why would she do this ?! desantis maybe she feel like it 's she only way out . I do not know . it 's not you problem anymore . casey you know what she do here . you have know this whole time . that 's why you keep it quiet . desantis do not respond . he only smile and change the subject . desantis you know what I think , casey ? casey no. desantis I think the best thing for all of we now be to walk away . casey you do not help she , Charlie . you only make thing worse by not call the police . you have to tell the sheriff about this . desantis I try that once . he 's not listen . casey she could hurt herself . if she 's out there and sick and need help , I wanna help she . desantis good luck with that . desantis pass casey and exit the room , leave casey in complete shock . ext . desert highway - night desantis head down the dark country highway , head for home . ( continued ) 76 . continued : the camera tilt down as he reach into the passenger seat and grab a pack of smoke . resting underneath the cigarettes be a orange and white envelope mark u-haul . fade out . fade in : ext . desantis home - night desantis pull into he driveway . he step out and immediately walk to the trunk . he pop it open and there sit he suitcase , as well as a large silver briefcase . he grab the suitcase and pull it out , set it down on the pavement . he then pull out the silver briefcase and use he free hand to shut the trunk . ext./ int . desantis home desantis enter he dark home , shutting the door behind he . the house be fairly empty . the cluttere mess that be once there be now a memory . there be cardboard box everywhere fill with personal belonging . it appear he be move out very soon . he drop he suitcase on the floor and continue into the kitchen with the silver briefcase . kitchen desantis hide the briefcase under the sink . he grab a glass from a cabinet , set it down . he reach into the freezer and grab a few ice cube , toss they into the glass . he grab a bottle of whiskey , rest nearby on the counter and pour himself a good double shot . he take a generous swig of the scotch . he continue across the home and to the front window . he stare aimlessly into the distance at nothing , gulp down the rest of he drink . fade out . fade in : ext . desert - crime scene - day we close on the skeletal , decompose remain of darcy gold on the red desert sand . ( continued ) 77 . continued : superimpose : bryerson , utah three week later stand hover over the body be sheriff Patterson and deputy bracken . sheriff patterson where be she bury ? deputy bracken we find a shallow hole and white shower curtain about a hundred yard from here . it be chew up pretty good . look like the damn coyote get to she . sheriff patterson what about the gold ? deputy bracken have not call they yet . I be wait on you . sheriff patterson call the coroner . I wanna get she out of here before I start make the call . deputy bracken you get it . deputy bracken begin off as sheriff Patterson stare at the wretch , decompose body with disgust . we pull away and go wider and wider to reveal sheriff Patterson stand a good hundred yard from a shallow grave . as we stare into the grave , we notice a large area rug inside . the remain of a white shower curtain lay some ten to fifteen foot from the grave . int . CITY morgue - day sheriff Patterson stand hover over darcy 's remain which lay on a examination table . also stand over the body be a young forensic examiner who be discuss the condition of the body with the sheriff . ( continued ) 78 . continued : forensic examiner there be one visible entry wound on the victim 's chest . it be cause by a small , thin blade , approximately 3 inch in length and 1 inch in diameter . probably a pocket knife of some sort . desantis enter the room -- grab the attention of a not so thrilled sheriff Patterson . he toss desantis a dirty stare as the young detective approach the examination table . forensic examiner ( cont ’d ) the victim also suffer a fracture skull and jaw . although she be stab , she die of extreme hemorrhage in the brain as a result of trauma to the head . desantis focus on the body closely . forensic examiner ( cont ’d ) upon first examination , we find maggot mass aggregation in the pelvic and genital region of the body and also in the skull and nasal cavity . it be the particularly small size of the larvae that I find interesting . the fact that this maggot remain stabilize and do not continue they growth cycle suggest the body remain in a cooler climate . I also find empty puparium on the underside of the body and on the remain of the shower curtain . sheriff patterson what do that mean ? forensic examiner it mean that the victim have remain under ground for a duration of no less than twenty day . which place time of death , at the latest , one to two day , maybe even hour after she abduction . ( continued ) 79 . continued : ( 2 ) sheriff patterson be there anything else about the body we should know about ? forensic examiner there 's no sign of sexual assault . desantis shut he eye -- sighing in relief . sheriff patterson anything else ? forensic examiner there be one thing . desantis quickly open he eye and turn he attention back to the examiner . forensic examiner ( cont ’d ) the size of the maggot in the victim 's nasal cavity be of a particularly large size . almost three time the normal size , to be precise . this strongly suggest year of repeat cocaine abuse . sheriff patterson she be a coke addict ? desantis I do not see the importance of that now . forensic examiner as you know , detective , I be legally obligate to record any form of substance abuse in my report . it 's for identification purpose . desantis I can appreciate that . but as far as this girl 's parent be concerned , she never have a coke problem and have be drug free and sober for eight month . when the press get a hold of this , she 'il be all over the front page . forensic examiner what be it exactly you be ask I to do , detective ? ( more ) ( continued ) 80. continued : ( 3 ) forensic examiner ( cont would ) to falsify my finding in order to ease the grieve process of this girl 's parent . desantis sheriff ? would you excuse we a moment . sheriff Patterson reluctantly step out of the office . desantis give the examiner the evil eye . the examiner simply return he stare . the two man stand silent , stare each other down . we then very slowly ... fade out . fade in : int . hallway - CITY morgue the gold , casey and leanne await in a hallway outside the examination room . the gold sit on a bench , grasp each other hand tight as casey and leanne pace back and forth on the cold hard floor . sheriff Patterson and desantis exit the exam room , catch everyone 's attention . Mr. gold quickly stand and approach the sheriff . sheriff patterson I be very sorry . Mr. gold lose control -- scream out in despair and crumble to he knee . sheriff Patterson grab he , but be pull down by he weight . the two man both fall to they knee . he slowly put he arm around Mr. gold , comforting he . Mrs. gold pull she husband away from the sheriff and hold he tight . casey and leanne also weep for they friend . they walk over to the gold and place they arm around they . they all hug and mourn together . sheriff Patterson shut he eye , unable to witness the unbearable scene before he . desantis be take over by guilt . he turn and walk off . sheriff Patterson turn and notice that desantis have suspiciously leave . sl . ext . gas station - night very wide shot of the wear , old station . from a distance , we see desantis 's car pull into the station and park in front of a pay phone booth . out step desantis who walk into the booth and pick up the phone . fade out . fade in : int . police station - l.a.p.d. - internal affayr - day two men enter the division of Internal affair . the first man through the door be lo. wolf ( 40s ) . follow behind be detective aaronson ( 30 ) a very youthful appearance . sitting at he desk , behind a computer be detective harris ( 40s ) . lt . wolf Harris ? wake up . det. Harris spin around in he chair , face Lt. Wolf . det . harris yeah ? lt . wolf I want you to meet detective Kyle aaronson . the two man shake . det . aaronson hey there . lt . wolf it 's he first official day with i.a.d . I be put he with you on the desantis case . det . harris have you already be brief ? det . aaronson no , not yet . det . harris take a seat . ( continued ) 82 . continued : det. aaronson have a seat across from Harris , while Lt. Wolf stand hover over the man . det. Harris hand aaronson a stack of thick file on desantis . det . harris ( cont ’d ) detective Charlie desantis , narcotic division . a degenerate gambler , wife beater and all around bad guy . we just get word from one of we c.i. 's that he 's into artie vittero for $ 75 grand . come out of vice , I be sure you be aware of Mr. vittero 's activity . det . aaronson ( nodd in agreement ) oh , yes . det . harris this c.i. say that desantis have less than three week to square he debt or he 's a dead man . now it just so happen that desantis request a stress leave and mysteriously leave Los Angeles . det . aaronson he 's on the run ? lt . wolf exactly . the word from he Captain be desantis need some personal time to deal with he partner 's recent death . he 's be crack up ever since he see he kill . det . harris accord to this c.i. , desantis have be bring a lot of heat down on himself by put thousand of dollar in counterfeit cash onto the street . lt . wolf supposedly , there may even be a price on he head . he say the word be , he 's be make a lot of drug busy . generate some name . ( continued ) 83 . continued : ( 2 ) det . harris we think he 's be try to get closer to a Ramon vasquez , a east side cholo , piece a shit who shot he partner six month ago . det . aaronson they never catch this guy ? lt . wolf by the time they find vasquez , desantis have already beat he within a inch of he life . vasquez 's lawyer see to it that all charge against he client be drop . ever since , desantis have be try to put he away . he 's obsessed . match CUT to : int . desantis home desantis sit at the kitchen table with the silver briefcase open . he stare into the case at the money . det . aaronson ( v.0o . ) so where do all this money come from ? he grab a hand full of the cash and stuff it into a manila envelope . det . harris ( v.0 . ) we have reason to believe desantis steal over 2 million in counterfeit cash from a drug bust he say go sour . he wrap a rubber band around the envelope . lo. wolf ( v.0 . ) narcotics send he in with the funny money to make the deal . fifty kis . he walk to he bedroom , grab a long coat from he closet . ( continued ) continued : lt . wolf ( v.0 . ) accord to desantis , they put a gun to he head and make out with the coke and the cash . det . harris ( v.o. ) he say somebody on the inside blow he cover . somebody tell they he be a cop , all right . it be desantis . desantis stuff the envelope into he coat pocket . det . aaronson ( v.0 . ) and he keep the phoney cash handy to support he gambling habit . det . harris ( v.o. ) and pay off he debt . 84 . desantis walk to the kitchen and shut the silver briefcase full of cash . lt . wolf ( v.0 . ) I just get off the phone with Captain gruber in narcotic . he say he just get a call from bryerson , Utah , sheriff 's office . the sheriff there say desantis have be there for week , investigate the kidnap of a old girlfriend . darcy gold . he say he think we should know . desantis walk to the center of he live room and open a attic door . he unfold a small ladder from and begin up the small step . det . harris ( v.o. ) she 's a actress here in LA . the word be desantis go to darcy 's producer at kbs , a alicia Newman , and request the $ 500,000 in ransom money . the attic pull the attic desantis place the silver briefcase in a dark corner , out of sight . ( continued ) 85 . continued : ( 2 ) det . harris ( v.o. ) he tell she whoever snatch darcy contact he and say if he do not get the money within 48 hour , he have kill she . he begin back down the ladder and into the live room . det . aaronson ( v.o. ) and they actually give he the money ? desantis fold up the ladder and shut the attic door . det . aaronson ( v.o. ) so what happen ? ext . desantis home - dusk desantis exit he home -- walk to he car and get in . he pull out of the driveway as we watch he begin down the street . lt . wolf ( v.0 . ) a couple day ago , the bryerson sheriff 's office find a body in the desert . the coroner officially identify the body as one darcy gold . det . harris ( v.o. ) meanwhile , darcy 's killer have mysteriously disappear into thin air and no one have the first clue who he be or where to find he . ext . home of henry and sharon gold - dusk Mr. gold exit -- make he way toward the mail box . lo. wolf ( v.0 . ) bottom line , we think desantis be work with someone . det . aaronson ( v.0 . ) who ? ( continued ) continued : 86 . lt . wolf ( cont ’d ) ( v.o. ) the same person who kidnap and murder darcy gold . who that be , we do not know yet . det . aaronson ( v.0 . ) what do this Utah sheriff have to say about it ? lt . wolf ( v.0 . ) he 's obviously suspicious of desantis . but he do not have all the fact . and that 's how we be gonna keep it . desantis be a smart cop . Mr. gold approach the mail box and open it -- pull out the day 's mail . lt . wolf ( v.0 . ) he 'il smell trouble a mile away . the smartest thing we can do now be wait . det . aaronson ( v.0o . ) wait for what ? Mr. gold sift through the mail and notice a envelope with the logo westlake insurance at the top leave corner . det . harris ( v.o. ) wait for he to relax and think he get away with it . Mr. gold open the envelope and pull out a check in the amount of a look of fade in : 1.5 million dollar . det . harris ( v.0o . ) hopefully , he ’1ll slip up and get careless . and that 's when we ’1ll nail he . pure shock consume Mr. gold 's face . fade to black . 87 . int . home of henry and sharon gold - kitchen - night Mrs. gold be busy put away leftover fry chicken and mashed potato into tupperware container . she be clean up the kitchen after a large family supper . she peak through the kitchen window and spot she husband and darcy on a porch swing outside . darcy 's head be rest in she father 's lap as she finish a bowl of ice cream . he lovingly stroke she hair back as they continue to swing back and forth . Mrs. gold smile at the loving scene . darcy 's like a kid again . front porch Mr. gold and darcy continue to swing back and forth as darcy dish out she problem to she father . darcy when be I ever gonna catch a break , daddy ? I be on the show one stinkin’ season and they be already plotting to get rid of I . mr . gold oh , come on now . they just get catch with they pants down . it 's get nothing to do with whether people like you or not . look at you . you be young , beautiful , smart , and you get I for a father . what more could a girl want ? darcy smile . darcy I be sorry I lie to you and Mom before . I do not know how you guy would take the news . mr . gold just remember . you be better off than Jennifer conway . she could not cut it on she own show so she have to come crawl back . but not you . you be go all the way . just watch . movie , the oscar , the whole bit . ( continued ) 88 . continued : darcy thanks , dad . darcy smile at she father . she notice that he nose be bleed . darcy ( cont ’d ) dad ? you nose be bleed . darcy quickly sit up . Henry use he finger to wipe the blood from he nose . mr . gold damn it . darcy pull a tissue from she pocket . darcy here . she begin wiping she father 's nose . he snatch the tissue from she hand as he begin cough like crazy . darcy ( cont ’d ) be you okay ? mr . gold I be fine . he continue to cough . darcy I 'il get you some water . darcy jump from the swing and continue into the kitchen where Mrs. gold be scrubbing out some pot in the sink . darcy pull a drink glass from a nearby cabinet . mrs . gold you look so cute out there with you father . it 's just like when you be a kid . darcy yeah . the simple day . I would not mind have that back . mrs . gold yeah . I too . ( continued ) 89 . continued : ( 2 ) Mrs. gold stare at she husband through the kitchen window with a look of concern on she face . mrs . gold ( cont ’d ) oh well . we can not turn back time , now can we ? darcey notice she mother 's obvious gloom . darcy Mom ? have daddy be do okay ? he do not look so hot . mrs . gold he 's be sick on and off for a few week now . darcy have he be to a doctor ? mrs . gold you know you father . he have be bleed from the eye before he step into a hospital . darcy stare at she mother with suspicion . she continue out of the kitchen . Mrs. gold turn and notice that darcy have leave the room . she sigh in relief . int . bathroom darcy walk in and over to the sink -- begin fill the drink glass with the cold water . she can not help but notice a stack of magazine sit to the leave of the faucet . on top sit a special medical magazine entitle what every patient need to know . she pick up the magazine and begin flipping through it . she spot a page mark section 1 : preparing for you transplant . she flip through a few more page and spot a page mark section 2 : the transplant process . darcy set the magazine back where she find it . she look up and stare at herself in a side mirror . she open the side cabinet and spot a prescription bottle . she pull the bottle from the cabinet and read the label . it be mark propranolol . she also notice a large liquid glass container . a medical label read lactulose . ( continued ) 90 . continued : she put the medication back in the cabinet as a look of pure fear cover she face . int . darcy 's apartment - day darcy sit at home at she computer , do research . she be on the website dogpile.com . she type in the word propranolol and lactulose into the search box and hit fetch . her p.o.v . a medical webpage pop up . insert - paragraph '' some patient who have have bleed from rupture varicose vein in the lower oesophagus may be put onto a drug call propranolol which reduce the pressure in that vein and lower the chance of they bleed again . finally , liver transplantation may be consider in patient with end-stage cirrhosis . '' back to scene darcy read the shocking information concern she father 's medication . insert - paragraph '' lactulose be use in higher dose to help reduce a complication associate with liver disease call hepatic encephalopathy . '' back to scene darcy shut she eye and rest she hand on she weary face . she go to the file menu on she computer and select the print option . a copy of the webpage begin to print . ext . home of henry and sharon gold - day a full shot of the home . from a distance , we see darcy 's s.u.v approach the home and pull into the long driveway . out step darcy . she be carry with she a manila folder fill with paperwork . we watch darcy from a distance as she approach the front door and ring the doorbell . ( continued ) 91 . continued : mr . gold answer . we see that the two exchange some word , but can not hear what be go on . we be watch only as voyeur . darcy open the manila folder , pull out the paperwork and hand it to she father . a few second pass and Mr. gold invite she inside . we slowly dissolve into night time . suddenly ... darcy exit the front door in tear . she be cry heavily . she continue to she car and get in . int . s.u.v. darcy continue to cry . she quickly begin out of the driveway . ext . STREET the s.u.v. dart down the street at very high speed . ext . home of henry and sharon gold angle on the front window . we peek through the glass at the gold -- both in tear as they watch darcy storm down the street . int . darcy 's apartment build - parking garage - night darcy pull she s.u.v. into a empty spot . int . s.u.v. darcy shut off she engine , continue to cry heavily . int . michael 's apartment - night Michael be in bed , sleep . he suddenly hear a knocking at the door . he quickly crawl out of bed and put ona bathrobe . he continue to the front door and answer . he be in shock to see darcy stand before he . michael a little late for dinner , be not you ? ( continued ) 92 . continued : darcy stare up at Michael with a sad , desperate look in she eye . fade to black . fade in : int . michael 's apartment - bedroom - morning Michael be still sleep . he roll over and attempt to cuddle with darcy , but no one be there . she have leave . he quickly open he eye and notice that darcy be go . he sit up in bed and turn he attention to the bathroom . notice that the door be shut . michael darcy ? there be no answer from the bathroom . michael ( cont ’d ) hello ? Michael realize she 's go . he grab he portable phone from a night stand and dial . he rest the phone to he ear . int . darcy 's apartment —- morning darcy be dress for she morning jog . her look be somewhere between angry and regretful . her phone begin ringing -- stop she on the way out the door . she look down at the phone , know it 's Michael and ponder whether or not to answer . she decide against and continue out . ext . residential STREET - morning darcy jogging down the sidewalk . her regular morning routine . as she jog , we see darcy 's thought unfold before we eye . ms . newman ( v.0o . ) it 's a rating war , darcy . and we be lose . in the end , it all come down to the number . series of shot ( continued ) 93 . continued : Ms. Newman break the bad news to darcy . ms. newman I be sorry , darcy . you do not know how much it hurt I to do this . darcy have dinner with she parent . mr. gold you be a winner , darcy . it 's in you blood . get use to it . back to present day darcy jogging down the sidewalk , obviously affect by she thought . mrs . gold ( v.o. ) honey ? be there something you be not tell we ? back to montage Mr. gold 's nose begin to bleed . darcy take notice . darcy you nose be bleed . darcy and Mrs. gold in the kitchen . darcy have he be to a doctor ? mrs . gold you know you father . he have be bleed from the eye before he step into a hospital . back to present day darcey jogging even faster . back to montage darcy confront she father at the front door . darcy I know you be sick . I know what medication you be take and I know you be look into a transplant . ( more ) ( continued ) 94 . continued : ( 2 ) darcy ( cont would ) I need you and Mom to quit lie to I and tell I what the hell 's go on . Mr. gold be overcome with grief . end montage back to present day darcy jog faster and faster . mr. gold ( v.o . ) why do not you come inside . we can talk about it . darcy 's jogging begin to slow as she start cry . she eventually stop altogether -- bury she face in she hand . she be completely overcome with grief . ext . home of henry and sharon gold - backyard - day Mr. gold be busy throw a tennis ball back and forth with he golden retriever . darcy step off the back porch , toward she father . she look tired and miserable . the sound of the back door shutting catch Mr. gold 's attention . mr . gold hi , baby . I do not know you be here . darcy just get here . mr . gold how have thing go with Ms. Newman ? darcy look down and nervously begin play with she fingernails . darcy not so good . mr . gold oh ? you could not get they to change they mind ? darcy shake she head -- too upset to say the word . ( continued ) 95 . continued : darcy it 's over . mr . gold I be so sorry , darcy . darcy do not be . the last thing you should be worry about now be I . I have be enough trouble for you and Mom already . Mr. gold retrieve the tennis ball from he dog and stare at darcey with concern . darcy ( cont ’d ) the truth be if it be not for you , I probably would not be alive right now . I know I would not . I know sometimes it seem like I do not appreciate you guy . but I do . I really do . Mr. gold be seemingly touch by he daughter 's sincerity . darcy ( cont ’d ) sometimes I get real angry because ... it seem like you will not let I grow up . but I be really just angry at myself because I know deep down I could never make it without you . darcy can no longer hold back the tear . she lose it . darcy ( cont ’d ) and I be angry because I never say thank you . thank you for be there and for be my daddy . it hurt so bad because I wanna help you like you help I , but I can not . Mr. gold hurry over to he daughter and give she a giant hug . mr . gold just you be here right now be enough . ( continued ) 96 . continued : ( 2 ) darcy ( cry ) why do not you tell I ? mr . gold I guess I be afraid . you mother and I think you need some time to get back on you foot . we just want to wait and see what we option be before we say anything . darcy I be sorry . I be so sorry , dad . mr . gold it 's okay . you be here now . from a distance , we watch as the two continue to embrace . fade out . fade in : int . forensic examination rom - CITY morgue - day sheriff Patterson , desantis and the forensic examiner hover over the suppose remain of darcy gold . desantis sheriff ? would you excuse we a moment ? sheriff Patterson reluctantly step out -- leave the detective and the coroner to each other . forensic examiner sorry , desantis . but my price just go up . desantis darcy never use coke . forensic examiner I know . it 's call a bargain chip . I get what I want and I will not send this report to darcy 's physician in Los Angeles . I be sure they 's 1ll find my report very fascinating . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : ( om ) 97 . forensic examiner ( cont would ) after go through that rehab clinic , I be sure they know darcy 's drug history real good . it 's only a matter of time before they figure out the truth . desantis you stupid son of a bitch . do you even know what you be do ? forensic examiner now come on , detective . what do you expect ? she be a hooker . they be not exactly snow White . desantis you know cooney be a user this whole time . forensic examiner of course . everyone do . but it be you idea to use she body . not mine . you put I in a hell of a spot , Charlie . I be just try to protect my best interest . desantis you bastard . forensic examiner I get news for you . this be my show now . unless you want sheriff dipshit in on we little secret , you better do exactly as I tell you . desantis what do you want ? forensic examiner I want another fifty grand . and I want it tonight . desantis go to hell . forensic examiner no. Roger 's Park . Midnight . if you be one second late , I be fax this report to LA . what 's it gonna be ? ( continued ) 98 . continued : ( 2 ) desantis grab the examiner and shove he backward . forensic examiner ( cont ’d ) do not be so angry , cop . you be act like I have never do this before . desantis grab he by the shirt and push he against a wall . forensic examiner ( cont ’d ) careful . you boyfriend 's outside . you should have know better . do you really think I be gonna let you screw I again ? I get all that body for you and you mob friend and what do you do ? you try to fuck I out of my money . now I be on the run from that greaseball for the rest of my life . desantis nobody tell you to testify , you dumb shit . forensic examiner Strike two , desantis . now I want a hundred . desantis try like hell to restrain himself . forensic examiner ( cont ’d ) you wanna make it two hundred ? desantis begin to calm himself . forensic examiner ( cont ’d ) take you hand off I . desantis slowly let go of the man and back away . int . coroner 's office - CITY morgue the forensic examiner open a file drawer . he flip through the file until he reach one label cooney , janet . he pull the file from the drawer and lay it on a table . table next to the file be another manila envelope mark gold , darcy . also lay on the table be a piece of paperwork . ( continued ) 99 . continued : we see various shot of word like '' gold , darcy '' and '' post - mortem '' he pull the dental chart and paper work from the cooney folder , which be carefully separate by pre-mortem and post - mortem record . he remove the x-ray from both set of paperwork and place they on the table . he begin fill out the necessary paper work for darcy gold 's post - mortem dental record . int . hallway - CITY morgue the gold , casey and leanne await patiently in a wait room for sheriff Patterson and desantis . the same as before : casey and leanne pace on the floor , the gold await on a bench . sheriff Patterson and desantis exit the coroner 's office . Mr. gold stand and approach sheriff Patterson . sheriff patterson I be very sorry . fade out . fade in : ext . desert road - night desantis 's car pull up next to another car in the middle of nowhere . he step out and approach the other car . the driver 's side door open and out step michael ( darcy 's neighbor ) . he be carry the black money bag . he turn the bag upside down and dump several heavy book onto the ground . michael that 's real good think , detective . something tell I you do not exactly trust I . desantis stop where I can see you . desantis pull he gun out and point it at Michael -- who quickly drop the black bag and place he hand in the air . ( continued ) 100 . continued : michael take it easy . if I want to kill you , I would have do it back in that alley . desantis turn and face the car and put you hand on the hood . Michael laugh -- shake he head in disgust . michael I do not believe this . Michael reluctantly turn and place he palm on the hood of the car . desantis quickly pat he down for weapon . michael ( cont ’d ) I do not have a gun anymore , remember ? desantis shut up . desantis walk to the trunk of he car and open it . he pull out another large black bag and begin back to Michael . he place the bag on the roof of Michael 's car and unzip it . he pull out he share of the money and toss it in front of Michael -- who be still palm down on the hood . desantis ( cont ’d ) it 's all there . Michael reach down and grab a hand full of the cash . desantis ( cont ’d ) you know what you have to do to get the rest . Michael back away from the hood with the money in hand . michael I have be do some think about that . desantis oh yeah ? what have you be think about ? ( continued ) 101 . continued : ( 2 ) michael I be think , if and when I be to do this , how do I know you 's 1ll keep you word and pay I my money ? desantis you do not . michael then what if I be to tell you to go to hell ? desantis then I let darcy look at that long rap sheet of yours . and when she find out what a piece of shit , drug deal pervert you really be , she will not want anything more to do with you . Michael 's demeanor suddenly change , know that desantis have he number . desantis do not think for one second you be smarter than I . Michael laugh and shake he head in disbelief . michael darcy tell I to watch out for you . she say you be tricky . I guess this mean we be partner again . desantis slowly walk over to Michael . he get in he face . Michael be seemingly intimidate by this . desantis I want it do tonight . I do not care how you do it . but she do not leave this town alive . michael whatever you say , detective . desantis return to he car and get in . he drive off , kick up the desert sand behind he . Michael watch as desantis continue down the desert road . he stand watch -- as the car become invisible . ( continued ) 102 . continued : ( 3 ) he put the money in he coat pocket and reluctantly begin into he car . fade out . fade in : ext . acting studio - west hollywood - day Michael exit a act workshop after a long session . he continue down a sidewalk and approach he car , park against a curb . there be a message wait under he windshield wiper . he pick it up , read . insert - letter michael , meet I at EL dorado 's on san vicente , 2 o’clock , darcy back to scene Michael smile , crumple up the message . ext . EL dorado club - day Michael patiently await outside of the club at a small lunch table . he be sip on a cool drink while he wait for darcy . a hand touch he shoulder . he turn and notice desantis approach he from behind . he have a seat across from he . desantis surprise , Michael . michael you ? desantis sorry about the note on you car . I figure it would get you here quick . I be right . you be ten minute early . michael what do you want ? ( continued ) continued : 103 . desantis I do not hear from you yesterday . you be suppose to be give I update . that be the deal . michael I be busy . desantis and what exactly be you busy do , Michael ? Michael sit silent -- know where desantis be take this . desantis ( cont ’d ) do not act so surprised , Michael . I have you apartment bugge just like darcy 's . so you two be get pretty close now . michael she come over . she be upset . desantis I know . I hear . sounded like thing get pretty hot between you two . suck to be the shoulder to ery on , but someone 's get to do it . michael look , I tell you everything you need to know . she have not talk to Internal affair and they be not talk to she . wnoth 's change . I never lie to you . desantis you sound suspiciously like someone who 's try to hide something , Michael . desantis sit silent -- gaze intimidatingly back at Michael . after a full ten second of awkward silence -- Michael finally break . michael okay . she tell I about some money she find at you place . it be right before she break thing off with you . ( more ) ( continued ) 104 . continued : ( 2 ) michael ( cont would ) then she tell I about how you just show up at she place at odd hour , ask she question about who she 's be talk to . the only thing that 's keep she from go to the cop be the fact she 's scared shitless of you . desantis okay , Michael . I want you to listen carefully . if i.a. show up on my doorstep ask a bunch of question about steal money , I be gonna assume either you or darcy talk . I be also gonna assume you lie to I . you know the rest . desantis lay down a manila envelope on the table and stand to leave . desantis ( cont ’d ) there 's another ten grand if you decide there 's something else I should know about . I hope you do the right thing . a lot of innocent life may depend on you decision . i’1l see you around . desantis walk off . Michael grab the envelope and open it . it be fill with loose bill , about $ 10,000 . int . michael 's apartment - night Michael enter -- carry a large bag of grocery . he head for the kitchen and lay the bag down on the counter top . the sound of desantis in the b.g. startles he . desantis ( 0.8 . ) you should get a better lock for that door . Michael quickly turn around , pull out a .9mm handgun from he coat and point the weapon at a dark figure sit ina corner chair . desantis flick on a nearby lamp , revealing himself to Michael . desantis do not shoot . I be allergic . Michael continue to point he weapon at desantis . ( continued ) continued : 105 . michael what the hell be you do here ? desantis I come to talk to you about another job . michael I be not interested in any more of you job , cop . desantis ( motion to gun ) do you mind ? michael what do you want ? desantis have you talk to darcy lately ? michael have not see she , have not talk to she . now for the last time , what be you do here ? desantis I figure out a way to help darcy 's old man . but I be gonna need you help . your and darcy 's . michael why the hell would I do that ? desantis because you be in love with she . if there 's anything I can do , darcy . be not that what you tell she right before she cry herself to sleep in you arm ? a sore subject for Michael . he put the hammer back on he weapon and place it back in he coat . he continue into the kitchen and begin empty he grocery . desantis ( cont ’d ) I know you wanna help she , Michael . well I be give you the chance . might be you only chance of get she back . you can either take it or you can continue to be a miserable sack of shit . ( continued ) 106 . continued : ( 2 ) Michael grab a beer and continue back into the live room . michael okay , cop . what 's in it for you ? desantis if we do this right , we all come out on top . not just darcy and she father . I be talk serious money with minimal risk . all I need to know be if you be in or out . Michael stand silent -- gulp down he beer and gawk back at desantis -- who simply return he stare , patiently await a answer . ext . michael 's apartment build - night desantis exit the building and continue down a sidewalk . watch carefully from he apartment window be michael . he stare at the detective with extreme suspicion and apprehension . desantis stop and stare back at Michael , smile at he . Michael notice and slowly back away from the window . desantis pull a cigarette from he pack and spark it up , still smile in the direction of Michael 's apartment window . he continue up the sidewalk . CUT to black . fade in : ext . desantis home - night his car pull into the driveway . out step desantis -- who walk to the rear of the car and open he trunk . he reach inside and pull out the large black money bag . he shut the trunk and continue into he house . int . desantis home - night desantis enter . he walk further into the home with the money bag -- drop it in the center of the room . he continue into the bathroom . bathroom ( continued ) 107 . continued : desantis run a shower . before he get undress , he walk back into the live room . live room he grab the black money bag from the ground and continue into the kitchen . he place the bag on the kitchen table and unzip it . he then kick he right leg up onto a chair , pull he pant leg up and yank out a small handgun from a ankle holster . he place the weapon into the money bag and zip it back up . int . bathroom - shower a few minute later desantis be in the middle of a shower . he hear the faint sound of he cell phone ringing . he quickly turn off the water and grab a towel from a nearby rack . he step out of the shower and grab he cell phone from off the bathroom sink , answer . desantis yeah ? desantis ? no answer . desantis ( cont ’d ) hello ? michael ( 0.s. ) it 's do . desantis where be you ? michael Carl 's grocery on highway 30 . about fifteen mile east of kanab . desantis stand in shock . he can not bring himself to ask the question . desantis where be she ? ( continued ) 108 . continued : michael ( 0.s. ) she 's real close . I can show you if you have like . desantis stay put . I / x11 be there in three hour . Michael hang up . desantis catch a glimpse of himself in the mirror , not like what he see . he turn away from the mirror and continue to dry off . int . bedroom desantis finish get dress . he grab he gun and holster from a night stand , place they on he belt and continue into the kitchen where he black money bag sit rest on the dining table . he grab the money bag and walk to the front door . exit . int. / ext . desantis home - night desantis exit and continue to he car . he get in and pull out of he driveway in a hurry . sitting in a park car down the street and watch closely be michael . he wait until the detective 's car be invisible , then get out . he strut across the street toward the home . as he approach the front door , he pull out a spare key that darcy have give he . he unlock the front door and walk inside . int . desantis home Michael walk further into the home and quickly begin search the premise for the steal ransom money . series of shot Michael check the bedroom closet , tear it apart . Michael search the kitchen cabinet . Michael search under the kitchen sink . ( continued ) 109 . continued : Michael become frustrated . he spot the attic door on the ceiling and quickly pull it open . end montage Michael unfold the ladder from the attic and begin up . he reach the top and look inside . int . attic Michael notice the silver briefcase of money sit in the corner . he grab it and begin back down the ladder . as he step off , he notice desantis sit in a live room chair , hold a gun and rest he arm on the chair . Michael stop in he track -- completely take by surprise . desantis what do I tell you about think you be smarter than I , Michael ? you and I both know there be only one thing that could come from you take I to see darcy 's body . either you kill I or I kill you . Michael be freeze with fear . he can not take he eye off of desantis 's gun . desantis ( cont ’d ) you play it cool in Utah when I give you that fifty grand in funny money . but you play it off . you do the right thing and keep you mouth shut . you want to wait until my guard be down to come take my money . so let I see if I can get this straight ... Michael turn he attention from the gun to desantis . desantis ( cont ’d ) ++- you never kill darcy . and not only be she still alive ... you and that cunt be gonna run off with my money together . desantis point he gun at Michael . desantis ( cont ’d ) where be she ? ( continued ) 110 . continued : michael if I tell you , you 'il kill I . desantis believe I ... it will hurt a lot worse if you do not . desantis cock the weapon and point it at Michael 's genitals . michael I can take you to she . I can still do it . I can kill she if you want . desantis slowly lower he gun . desantis good . very good , Michael . you just buy yourself a second chance . Michael let out a huge sigh of relief -- giggle nervously . michael you almost make I piss myself . tell you what . let I take a quick leak and we will go do this . desantis stare at Michael with apprehension . desantis you get thirty second . Michael reluctantly turn he back on desantis and head for the bathroom . int . bathroom Michael reach into the back of he pants and pull out a small automatic pistol . he pull back the slide , cock the weapon . int . kitchen desantis pull out a large cutting knife from a rack on the kitchen counter . he slowly move toward the bathroom . 111. int . bathroom Michael hold a cell phone to he ear and gun in he hand . suddenly , desantis kick in the door and push Michael backward . he have Michael in one hand and the large knife in the other . he push the young thug into the shower door -- almost shatter it and knock the phone out of Michael 's hand . desantis drive the knife into Michael 's gut -- retract , then once more as Michael drop to the floor . he spit up blood onto the cold , hard tile and grab he gut in pain . desantis yank a hand towel from a nearby rack and toss it to Michael . desantis put some pressure on the wound . you be gonna bleed out . Michael grab the towel and hold it to he stomach . desantis notice the cell phone on the floor . desantis ( cont ’d ) what be this ? he reach down and pick it up -- put it to he ear . desantis ( cont ’d ) Michael can not come to the phone right now . match CUT to : int . motel room a woman 's hand hang up a phone on its receiver . who be this mystery woman ? darcy ? match CUT to : int . bathroom desantis hang up the cell phone . he hover over Michael with the knife in he hand . a craze look in he eye . ( continued ) 112 . continued : desantis you must think this all come easy for I . take life . watch someone die . do you know I hold my partner 's wife in my arm for four hour when I break the news to she . she blame I for what happen , you know ? I be just try to make thing right again . nobody understand that . darcy never understand . she be too selfish . but she always be a spoiled little bitch . desantis kick Michael in he wounded stomach . he scream out in agony . the detective reach down and run he hand through Michael 's pocket . he pull out a motel room key . desantis ( cont ’d ) ( stare at the key ) what 's this , Michael ? room 101 . be this where you two love bird be hide ? Michael once again scream out in agony . desantis ( cont ’d ) I tell you I have make it hurt if you try to fuck I , do not I ? now look at you . be not this a sight ? a real life , live piece of shit die next to my toilet . the irony . michael fuck you . desantis oh , such foul language from such a upstand citizen . tell you what I be gonna do . I be gonna go get you girlfriend . but I 'il be back . you can run , but the nearest hospital 's fifteen minute . you move , you will probably bleed out in five . you best bet be to sight tight until I get back . desantis pull Michael 's gun from the floor and pull back the slide -- cock the weapon . he eject the clip and rest the gun on the bathroom sink . ( continued ) 113 . continued : ( 2 ) desantis ( cont ’d ) there . there 's one in the chamber . in case the pain 's a little too much for you . consider it give you a easy way out . a look of pure hatred consume Michael 's face . desantis ( cont ’d ) if I do not see you when I get back ..- it 's be real . take care . desantis smile and continue out of the bathroom , shutting the door behind he . Michael attempt to sit up , but the pain be too intense . he stare up at the handgun rest on the sink . CUT to : ext . motel - santa monica - night desantis pull into the small lot , in front of room 101 . he get out and begin toward the door . ext . / int . motel room desantis enter with he gun draw . there be no one in sight . he notice that the bed be not make , as if someone have sleep in it . he walk further into the room and hear a shower running in the bathroom . he slowly make he way toward the bathroom door . he look down at the sink next to the door and notice a red lipstick rest on the counter top . he attempt to open the door , but it be lock . he stand back and give the door a swift kick , knock it open . int . bathroom - motel room desantis slowly approach the shower -- pull back the curtain . there be no one there . he look at the shower wall and notice large letter make of red lipstick . it say fuck you . a little inside joke between darcy and desantis . desantis become furious with rage . he run out of the bathroom , intent on kill darcy . 114 . int . / ext . motel room desantis run out of the room and back to he car . he squeal he tire against the concrete lot and back onto the street . int . desantis home enter desantis . he make he way to the bathroom . he approach with caution -- slowly open the door . laying presumably dead on the tile be michael . the gun desantis leave on the sink be now sit limp in Michael 's hand . there be some blood on he head where Michael shot himself . desantis pull a cell phone from he pocket and dial a number . he briefly turn he back on Michael . desantis yeah . it 's I . why do not you meet I at my place in half a hour . I get a job for you guy . a loud shot be hear in the b.g. desantis look down and notice blood spatter on the wall before he . he slowly look down at he chest and notice he 's be shot . he turn around , face Michael -- who be still alive on the floor . barely . he be point the handgun at desantis , panting he last few breath of life . desantis stare down at Michael in disbelief . he touch he wounded chest and observe the bright red blood on he hand . he fall against the opposite wall , knock off a few picture . he fall to the live room floor , gasp for air . the clip of bullet he take from Michael 's gun fall out of he pocket and hit the floor . out of the bathroom crawl Michael , who be near death . desantis struggle to reach into he holster and pull he gun . michael notice the gun clip on the live room floor and quickly attempt to stand . ( continued ) 115 . continued : desantis manage to pull the gun from he holster . he attempt to point it at michael who finally manage to stand up . the pain be so severe and he be so weak from the loss of blood that he fall to he knee . he keel completely over , face first . the gun clip be just within reach of Michael . michael reaches out he arm , attempt to retrieve the bullet . desantis be now point the gun at Michael . his hand be shaking . he do not have the strength to pull the trigger . michael be finally able to grab the gun clip and place it into he weapon . he reach up and point he weapon at desantis who be still shaking from weakness . the two man be now point they weapon at each other . we quickly ... match CUT to : ext . desantis home - night a long shot of the home . we hear the faint sound of two gunshot go off simultaneously . desantis and Michael have presumably kill each other . cuT to : ext . hospital - day series of shot - ( silent ) the gold pull into the parking lot . as they enter the lot , wee see a sign read '' Medical Center '' . ( continued ) 116 . continued : Mr. and Mrs. gold step out of they car and begin walk toward the hospital 's entrance . Mr. gold be pull a suitcase behind he . Mr. gold laid up in a hospital bed , while he wife hold he hand . darcy ( v.0o . ) I just need you to tell I . how serious be it ? several doctor enter and wheel Mr. gold 's bed out of the room . mr. gold ( v.o. ) this be very hard . a tear fall down Mrs. gold 's face as she watch they wheel she husband to surgery . int . home of henry and sharon gold - day the gold sit on they couch , hold hand . across from they sit darcy -- who be anxiously await a answer . mr . gold you mother and I notice something be wrong a few month ago . there be some change in my behavior . I start feel tired . Real tired . then we notice some yellow discoloration on my skin . she think I might have jaundice , so I go for a physical . the doc say my liver be abnormally large so he do a biopsy . he discover that I have fibrosis . darcy cirrhosis ? mr . gold right . I keep forget you play a nurse on tv . the doc say I have get some scar tissue that 's block the normal flow of blood through my liver . it 's cause a lot of complication . I have what 's call coagulopathy . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : the gold daughter . ext . home mr. gold ( cont would ) it 's a type of hypertension that 's cause my blood to clot . they have put I on vitamin k and a few other med to try and un - clot the blood . darcy that 's why the nose bleed ? mr. gold right . darcy and you be gonna need a liver transplant ? mr . gold that 's right . darcy how soon ? mr . gold soon. darcy year ? month ? day ? what ? stare at each other with concern for they mr . gold month . darcy oh my God . of henry and sharon gold 117 . Mr. gold exit he home and begin toward the mailbox at the end of the driveway . mrs . gold ( v.0 . ) but there 's good news , darcy . because you father have a rare blood type , the doctor say there should not be a problem get he name near the top of the transplant list . darcy ( v.o. ) that 's great , daddy . ( continued ) 118 . continued : mr. gold ( v.o. ) it 's not so great . mrs . gold ( v.0 . ) what be you talk about ? ( 244 ) Mr. gold approach the mailbox and pull out the day 's mail . mr. gold ( v.0 . ) I do not want to tell you like this , but ... I be afraid that ... I be currently not eligible for the transplant . mrs . gold ( v.o. ) what ? mr. gold ( v.0 . ) we hmo be refuse to cover the cost of the transplant . they be say with my history of drink , I be too big a risk for the operation . darcy ( v.0 . ) I do not understand . you have be sober for five month . mr. gold ( v.0 . ) the pre-operation cost alone be $ 240000 . that 's just to make I eligible for the operation . that 's not count the actual transplant and the post - op care . all together , this will cost around $ 750,000 . darcy ( v.0o . ) dad , you be kid , right ? please tell I this be one big joke . Mr. gold sift through the mail a discover a letter from kbs . he tear it open and begin read . mr. gold ( v.o. ) I would not kid you about something like this . I be afraid the only thing that could get I on that operate table now be a miracle . ( continued ) 119 . continued : ( 2 ) Mr. gold fold up the letter and begin back to the house . int . home of henry and sharon gold - day the gold sit at the dining room table as Mr. gold read the content of the kbs letter . mrs . gold what 's this ? mr . gold it 's a letter from darcy 's boss . mrs . gold you be kid ? it 's only three month late . not only do the bastard fire she , they can not even send we some lousy flower . what do it say ? mr . gold dear Mr. and Mrs. gold . I be terribly sorry to hear about the loss of you beautiful daughter . she be a bright shine star that breathe new life into everyone she encounter . she will be miss dearly by everyone at kbs , but mostly by I . I be thankful that some good have come of all this with the success of you liver transplant . from everyone at kbs , we wish you a speedy recovery . sincerely , alicia Newman . mrs . gold Nice letter . we could have use it three month ago . Mr. gold pull out two airline ticket from the envelope . mrs . gold what 's that ? mr . gold two first class ticket to Cancun . 120 . int . casey 's home - kitchen - day casey be in the midst of chopping up some vegetable for dinner . she walk to the refrigerator and be about to open the door , but stop when she spot a photo of she and darcy stick to the surface . backyard casey carry out a large garbage bag and begin toward two large trash bin . she open the lid on one of the bin and be in shock to see pile and pile of money lay on top of the garbage . casey be overwhelm with joy . she begin laugh hysterically and cry at the same time . she know where the money come from . int . leanne 's apartment - day leanne cut the tape on the top of a large cardboard box with a knife . she have receive a package from ups . she pull out a few random item from the box . a bunch of memory share between she and darcy . at the bottom of the box be the other half of the ransom money . she be also overwhelm with joy -- do a little dance on the couch . cur to : int . sheriff patterson 's home - night sheriff Patterson be kick back on he recliner watch the evening news . it 's the first moment of peace he 's have all month . insert - tv a live broadcast in front of desantis 's home . a field reporter cover the story as several uniform officer and plain clothes detective roam about the scene . reporter a Los Angeles narcotic detective and a know drug dealer have apparently kill each other at the detective 's Van nuy home , sometime late last night . ( more ) ( continued ) 121 . continued : reporter ( cont would ) both victim be kill with a single gunshot wound to the face , close range ... back to scene we slowly close on sheriff Patterson 's face as the news continue ... reporter ( 0.s. ) Police can not speculate as to what exactly lead to this shooting , but be call the death of the two man drug related ... the news of the detective 's death do not phase he in the least . reporter ( 0.s. ) detective Charlie desantis have himself be the target of a long , ongoing , internal investigation , link the detective to several major drug organization in the Los Angeles area ... the sound of the reporter 's voice slowly fade away as we stay on sheriff Patterson . his face be complete stone , not evoke the slight emotion . then ... slowly ... he crack a smile . ext . beachside HOTEL - cancun , mexico - day a taxi pull up to the front of a quaint little beach side resort . out of the cab step Mr. and Mrs. gold . the cab driver step out and walk to the trunk of the car . he open it and pull out the gold 's luggage . the gold begin roll they luggage toward the hotel . ext./ int . HOTEL the gold enter the hotel and begin toward the front desk . directly to the leave of the front door , sit patiently in a chair and grasp a flower in both hand be darcy . she be overwhelm at the sight of she parent . a tear fall down she cheek . she stand and slowly begin walk toward they . we stay on the chair . before we can witness this touch family reunion , we slowly ... fade to black . ( continued ) 122 . continued : the end