the Sun be also a Star written by Tracy Oliver base upon the novel by nicola yoon draft date : 12.10.17 fade in : ext . the bronx - day - fantasy we OPEN on a montage of varied ethnic community from the different borough of new york CITY . car , pedestrian and CITY sound intersect and blend with the beat of the music . ext . concourse village CO - op - day - fantasy a door open and a pair of beat up converse kick step outside . they belong to natasha kingsley , 17 , beautiful , with a enormous afro . the sun on she face make she smile . natasha ( v.o. ) I do not care what anyone say ... New York 's the best city in the world . while on she phone , natasha strut by local shop : a pakistani restaurant with a line of cab driver out the door , a optimo cigar store , and a taiwanese electronics store . natasha ( v.o. ) it 's a place where 8.5 million people coexist -- ext . subway station - day - fantasy passenger rush down the stair as she climb up to the '' D '' train station at 167th . thick jamaican accent blend with Spanish and haitian french . natasha listen , smile . natasha ( v.o. ) it 's a lot to take in . a train whizze by revealing she on the platform . ext . fort WASHINGTON - day - fantasy natasha emerge from the '' a '' train at 175th . beverly '' bev '' ramirez , 17 , dominican , wait anxiously . they be late . the girl rush off arm -in -arm . natasha ( v.o. ) but with a little luck you can find a best friend . ext . the UNITED palace theater - day - fantasy a number of senior stand in line . '' congratulation class of 2019 - the bronx High School of Science '' be on the marquee . natasha and bev squeeze in as the line move forward . natasha ( v.o. ) it 's a city where hard work and determination be constant against unknown variable in the equation for success -- int . the UNITED palace theater - evening - fantasy Inside the ornate auditorium , velvet seat be fill with family and friend . the student , now dress in graduation cap and gowns , enter single file to pomp and circumstance . int . stage - evening - fantasy principal and faculty on stage . natasha 's poise at the edge . like a runner in block . her name be barely call when she Marches across the stage to claim she diploma . natasha ( v.o. ) ... and dream can become tangible when you reach out and grab they . ext . staten island backyard - night - fantasy a Caribbean - american graduation Party in full swing . light strung from corner post . a jamaican flag stretch across the fence . jerk chicken and fish on the grill . dish with curry goat , oxtail , plantain , peas and rice . adult in traditional garb . and teens on a makeshift dance floor . find natasha and bev in the middle . Dancing . laugh . natasha ( v.o. ) I would not have want this perfect night to happen anywhere but here : the city I be proud to call my home . on tasha 's face , smile as she look at the night sky fill with firework and star . twinkle . it 's truly magical . match CUT to : int . natasha 's apartment - day - reality a NASA STAR map on a wall . pull out to reveal tasha in a small apartment , move box everywhere . natasha ( v.o . ) or at least a city I use to call my home . behind she , a little hand pull back the bright blue curtain separate the room . reveal : peter , 9 year old , chocolate with dreadlock and a grin from ear to ear . natasha ( v.o. ) unless a cataclysmic blunder be correct , the odd of I actually graduate with my friend be decline . rapidly . Peter whip the curtain close , unseen . natasha ( v.o. ) you see , I be a illegal immigrant and my family be schedule for deportation . tomorrow . whoosh - natasha pull back the curtain . Peter be juggling a soccer ball on he knee in the next room . zoom in on Peter . peter look , tasha ! Peter fumble with the ball . the ball get away from he , bump into a neat stack of natasha 's book . natasha how many time do I have to tell you not to practice in we room ?! Peter pick he nose and examine what he dig up . natasha ( cont ’d ) ewww ! Peter , stop it . you 'il never get friend that way . peter do not matter . i’1l make new friend in Jamaica ! natasha sigh heavily , the weight of she family 's struggle on she shoulder . a key rattle in the lock . mrs . kingsley , natasha 's 40 - ish , world - weary mother , drag in from work wear a waitress uniform . 4. she see a kitchen full of dirty dish . note : Mr. and Mrs. kingsley both speak with a heavy jamaican accent and dialect . mrs . kingsley tasha . how many time I be gonna have to tell you to clean the dish before I come home ? natasha you have not even close the door yet and you be already yell -- mrs . kingsley it 's not enough to pick up dirty plate at work ? I come home to pick up dirty plate too ?! natasha Mom , please . i’11 do it now . Mrs. kingsley head to she bedroom . natasha go into the kitchen , draw soapy water and wash the dish . Mrs. kingsley emerge from the bedroom wear a bathrobe . natasha ( cont ’d ) you work too much . mrs . kingsley somebody gotta keep a roof over all we head , child . who else gonna do it ? reveal : mr. kingsley , late 40s , small frame , sad eye , sit in front of the tv . we have not notice he until now . Mr. kingsley watch as lawrence olivier perform a monologue from '' othello '' on screen . he study he intently . natasha ( v.o. ) my father 's a actor . at least , that 's why he come to America . but that 's not exactly how it 's work out . pull out : Mr. kingsley perform the scene along with olivier . he 's in perfect sync with the actor on tv . natasha ( v.o. ) it 's he fault we be in this mess . natasha finish the dish . Mrs. kingsley make egg . mrs . kingsley you want breakfast ? natasha I have a appointment at the Immigration Office this morning . it 's at eight . mrs . kingsley you do not think it 's time for you to give up now , tasha ? you do not think what you be do be futile ? natasha grab a piece of fruit off the table . natasha there 's still time , mommy . we have today . and I be go to use every last second . can not give up yet . peter do not think of it as give up . think of it as embrace destiny . natasha I have rather make my own . Peter smile , turn up sister Nancy 's '' bam bam '' and sing along . natasha roll she eye . she grab she headphone and she physics textbook . peter ( be : textbook ) we leave , tasha . you do not have to turn in homework . we be free ! natasha I will be back later . mrs . kingsley you have a lot to finish here . I still see open box in you room . natasha Mom , I really gotta go . natasha head for the door , determine . she take a deep breath , open the door and step outside . ext . elevate train platform - day natasha stop at a specific spot on the platform and check she phone : 6:55 am . she look down the track -- nothing . natasha ugh. come on . not today . int . daniel 's apartment - bedroom - day daniel jae ho bae , 17 , stand in front of a mirror size himself up in the suit he 's wear . he adjust he red tie , clearly uncomfortable in what he 's wear . daniel ( v.o. ) today 's the day my whole life have lead up to ... from outside the room , he mother , min soo , 40s , call out : min soo ( 0.s. ) ( in Korean ) Daniel ! I be make you a special breakfast . hurry down . daniel ( v.o. ) the day of my college interview for Yale . daniel come ! daniel ( v.o. ) the day that decide my future . behind he , shelf full of the world 's great poet : Shakespeare , shelly , frost , poe , plath , angelou , Hughes . daniel ( v.o. ) normally I have write a two - page poem about something of this magnitude . at least a haiku . but today , my anxiety 's hold I hostage . Daniel grab he writer 's notebook , throw it into he satchel . take one final glance at himself . daniel ( v.o. ) because I need every brain cell focus on nail this interview . Daniel take one final glance at himself , then exit . int . kitchen - day Daniel 's mother steam freeze dumpling . Daniel pour a bowl of cap 'o crunch . she shake she head disapprovingly . minute soo speak with a heavy Korean accent . min soo too much sugar . you need a sharp mind today . she grab the bowl of cereal , replace it with a plate of dumpling , and pour the dry cereal back into the box . daniel ( v.o. ) I be pretty sure I inherite my mother 's anxiety ... int . JFK airport - custom - flashback young min soo and young dae hyn , nervous and afraid , present they paperwork to the custom agent . daniel ( v.o. ) which start the day she uproote she whole life in Korea to come to America . for most immigrant , move to a foreign country be a act of faith . what if you can not adapt ? what if you be not welcome ? what if you lose all sense of you identity and culture ? int . home - flashback - two year later family and friend crowd the apartment . minute soo hold she first bear , charlie , as one -year-old daniel crawl toward various object : a stethoscope , pen , basketball , etc . each object represent a career or '' fate . '' this be a korean doljanchi or '' dol '' where the child '' choose they destiny . '' daniel ( v.o. ) so when my brother and I be bear , she give we both a american name and a Korean name . so we would know where we be from . and where we be go . the family cheer as Young Daniel near the stethoscope , then grab the pen instead to he parent 's dismay . int . kitchen - present minute soo interrogates she son between he bite of breakfast . min soo how 's you grade in math ? you do not like math . daniel B plus . but the rest be a 's . min soo why no a in math yet , Daniel ? aigo ! it 's time you get serious ... ( then , in Korean ) do not be like you brother . right as she say this , Daniel 's brother , charlie , 19 , walk into the kitchen . pretend he do not hear this , but he resentful demeanor give he away . min soo ( cont 'd ) I make mandu . charlie awww . Daniel 's '' special breakfast . '' I all pass . Charlie stroke Daniel 's hair . Daniel slap he hand away . daniel ( v.o. ) my brother , Charlie , be a asshole . Charlie grab the box of cap 'o crunch , then pour cereal and milk into a bowl and sit . he chomp loudly with each bite . daniel ( v.o. ) he 's be at home the past semester because he fail too many class at BU . a epic screw up that my parent can not accept . min soo Close you mouth when you eat . Charlie ignore she then slurp the remain milk from the bowl . he stand , look down at Daniel . charlie good luck with you day , little brother . Charlie try to touch Daniel 's hair again and be bat away . charlie ( cont ’d ) would not want to disappoint mommy and daddy if you do not get into a ivy . Charlie exit , leave he dirty bowl on the table . daniel ( v.o. ) I should hate Charlie , but this day , I mostly feel sorry for he . min soo I just do not understand what happen to you brother . why he can not behave , like you . daniel umma , give he a break . Daniel finish the last of the dumpling . grab he plate and hand wash it in the sink . minute soo look over she son , eye hone in on he bun . min soo you cut you hair before the interview . Daniel groan , but minute soo be not have it . min soo ( cont 'd ) too long . you look like a girl . daniel they let girl into Yale , too . minute soo scold he with she eye , then hand he a money pouch with deposit slip . min soo appa forget this . you bring it to he . after you get a hair cut . Daniel take the pouch . kiss he Mom on the cheek . daniel alright , umma . i’1l get it cut . ( off she skeptical look ) I promise . Daniel grab he bag and head for the door . ext . northern blvd . - day Daniel make he way through he busy queen neighborhood , pass a slew of restaurant , bar and vendor , etc. , all write in Korean . 10 . int . uscis - waiting room - later natasha frantically charge through the multi - cultural rainbow of immigrant . head over to the receptionist . sweating and short of breath . natasha natasha kingsley for Karen whitney . the receptionist check she appointment sheet , and shake she head . receptionist you be too late . you 'il have to call the main uscis line and make a new appointment . natasha no , you do not understand . I can not reschedule ! receptionist I be sorry . you will have to call the main line . the receptionist shrug and look down , dismiss natasha . natasha start to panic . natasha I do not have time for that . this be a emergency . the train be delay . ( get emotional ) just -- could you please call Ms. whitney ? she tell I to come back . receptionist you appointment be for 8 am . it be now 8:15 . she 's see another -- natasha please . just call she . now ! natasha 's now hysterical voice ring through the reception area . the other applicant stare in she direction . natasha ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I guess ' desperation 's translate into every language . the receptionist nod at a security guard stand by the door . he set he jaw and turn toward natasha . 11 . but before he can reach she , another door open . a tall , thin , brown-skinn man beckon natasha : lester barne , 40s . lester ( to the receptionist ) it 's alright , Mary . i’1ll take she . int . uscis - lester barne 's office - minute later natasha sit in front of a immaculately keep desk . turn as lester enter with a red file in he hand . lester my name be lester barne . natasha hi , I ''m -- he hold up a hand to silence she . lester everything I need to know be in this file . do yourself a favor and stay quiet while I read it . natasha fall silent . reaches across he desk and pocket one of he business card . after a beat , lester finally look up . lester ( cont ’d ) why be you here ? natasha Karen -- ms . whitney -- tell I to come back . she say maybe there be something -- lester yeah , well Karen 's new . you family 's last appeal be reject . the deportation stand as be . you and you family will have to leave tomorrow . he close the file and push a box of tissue toward she in anticipation of she tear . natasha shake it off . natasha ( v.o . ) I do not cry when my father tell we about the deportation order . I be not go to start cry now . natasha gather she thing . head for the door . but she stop with she hand on the knob , swallow she pride . turn around . 12 . natasha so there 's really nothing you can do to help I ? he tap the close file with he finger . lester you dad 's DUI -- natasha be he problem . why do I have to pay for he mistake ? lester you be still here illegally . natasha nod , on the verge of tear . she head for the door . lester ( cont ’d ) I have be to you country . I have be to Jamaica . he smile at the memory as natasha turn back to he . lester ( cont ’d ) I have a nice time . everything be irie there , man . you will be alright . natasha glare at lester . natasha where do you go ? lester negril . very nice place . natasha do you leave the hotel grounds ? lester I want to but my -- natasha but you wife do not want to because be she scared , right ? lester no , it 's just -- 13 . natasha you listen to Bob marley , and a bartender get you some pot and someone tell you what irie mean , and now you think you know something . that be not a country . that be a resort . he hold up he hand , defend himself . natasha ( cont ’d ) do not tell I I will be alright . I do not know that place . I have be here since I be eight year old . now it 's my senior year . I should be worry about the same thing my friend be -- like prom and graduation . but instead I be worry about be ship to a country that 's totally foreign to I . this be my home ! natasha 's tear finally pour out . Mr. barne slide the tissue box closer . she take a handful , then head to the door -- lester wait . ext . northern blvd . - day Daniel lean against a street light , check he phone . jump as someone whistle loudly in he ear . he turn -- daniel what the --? reveal omar hassabala , 19 , Middle Eastern , raise on hip hop . omar I think you be go to wait until right before the meeting to put the stick up you ass . daniel do not be mad because I be go to be part of the one percent . Omar check out Daniel 's suit , laugh . omar you look like a lebanese insurance salesman . 14 . daniel you be suppose to be make I feel better about go to Yale . omar that 's what I be do . ease you impending sense of doom with the use of comedy . it 's a know tactic . daniel well , try something else . omar you could just be like I and not go . how about that ? daniel unlike you , I actually care about what my parent think . and anyway , the interview 's today . too late to back out now . Omar shrug and lead the way down the subway stair . omar you be suppose to wear black to a funeral by the way . not gray . Daniel playfully hit Omar and they descend into the subway . ext . uscis - day tasha stare at a business card and dial the number on it . a woman answer the line . woman ( v.0o . ) Mr. fitzgerald 's office . natasha hi , I would like to make a appointment with Mr. fitzgerald as soon as possible , please . woman ( v.o. ) who be I speak with ? natasha natasha kingsley . woman ( v.0o . ) hi , natasha . what issue can I help you with ? 15 . tasha hesitates , afraid to say the word aloud . silence . woman ( v.o. , cont ’d ) hello , mar ’am ? he do have a slot at 11 a.m. can you tell I you issue ? natasha I be a illegal alien . tasha 's heart race , afraid . we see the giant impose federal building surround she as she sit on the step . int . subway - day Daniel and Omar sit in the congest subway car . Daniel look at he reflection in the shiny metal subway door . turn so he can see he ponytail . omar you should just let I cut you hair . I bring my pocket knife . daniel no , thanks . omar you mom 's right , you gotta lose the man bun . you do not want to be a virgin forever . daniel you know , if this interviewer 's so smart , he will recognize a cool haircut when he see one . omar or at least a desperate attempt at cool . the train come to a screeching halt . the friend , along with the other passengers , wait patiently for a beat . then , a super chipper voice over the loudspeaker ... conductor ( v.o. ) look like we get a slight delay , folk . track work on 68th . a collective groan from the passenger . conductor ( v.o. ) I know you be all panic , think that you be late ... ( more ) 16 . conductor ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) but look on the bright side , maybe the universe be tell you something . groans again . omar I know we should have take the express . conductor ( v.o. ) happens to I all the time . something go off in my routine -- boom ... must be the Universe . it 's full of unexpected blessing . passenger # 1 usually the nut job be on the train , not drive it . conductor ( v.o. ) deli screw up my order . Universe ... maybe I should not be eatin’ deli sandwich all the time . guess what ? I switch it up and lose twenty pound . thank you , universe . the train do a collective eye roll in complete disbelief . omar this guy need a drug test . the conductor go quiet . after a few more second in the dark , the train finally pull into Grand Central . conductor ( v.o. ) we have reach the end of the line . lady and gentleman , back to you regularly schedule program . passenger breathe a sigh of relief as the door OPEN . conductor ( v.o. ) this train be now out of service . but remember : the universe be talk ... so slow down and listen . Omar rise from he seat and head to the exit . Daniel sit a beat , take in the conductor 's word . 17 . int . grand central station - MAIN concourse - continuous Daniel and Omar emerge from the train to find themselves in the main concourse of Grand Central Station . daniel how much time you get before work ? omar ' Bout a hour . why ? Daniel look to the walkway situate behind on the massive window overlook the terminal . daniel it 's be a while since we go up . today 's the perfect day . Daniel start to make he way through the diverse crowd of people rush to they train . daniel ( cont 'd ) come on ! Omar follow after Daniel , almost lose sight of he in the pedestrian traffic . ext . tasha 's high school - day tasha stand outside the fence of she school . Fighting tear . natasha ( v.o. ) it 's still hard for I to believe that after today I may never see this school again . insert shot : she and bev sit down at the courtyard outside laugh , walk the hallway , gossipe , etc . back to scene : the real bev walk up . bev please tell I you have good news . natasha ( v.o. ) bev 's the close thing I have to a sister . the longest time we have ever be apart be two week . natasha I wish . I be late , so they would not let I see Ms. whitney . 18 . bev ( desperate ) so what do that mean ? you be leave ?! be not there someone else you can talk to ? tasha pull out the card . natasha I have get one last shot . this guy Jeremy fitzgerald . he 's suppose to be some kind of immigration fixer . bev oh my God ! that 's amazing ! ( then ) wait , why be you here ? he should be '' fix '' this ! go ! natasha I have get a few hour before my appointment with he . bev you should come to chem Lab and mess with Mr. busby . he 's get on he polyester mom jeans again . natasha my appointment 's uptown . I do not want to rush . I be just gonna hit the record store . kill some time . the bell ring . bev text I the address . I ’'1l skip out after my test and we can grab lunch . natasha perfect . they share a look . bev head back inside . tasha put she headphone on and queue up Major lazer album . we hear get free and see it carry she worry away . int . grand central station - glass walkway - day Daniel and Omar chill behind the oversize window of the main terminal , overlook the bustling crowd below . all of Grand Central 's architectural glory in perfect view . 19 . daniel my life 's gonna go one of two way after today . if I do not get into Yale , it will be Charlie all over again . and if I do ... white jacket and picket fence from now until eternity . omar the american dream . daniel even if I win , I lose . what kind of future be that ? omar if lose mean you be rich , sign I up . daniel I just wish I could do something about it . Daniel sigh . he turn over and lie face up on the walkway . daniel ( cont 'd ) there 's gotta be something more to it all than this . his gaze catch the gigantic mural of the Universe paint on the ceiling of the terminal . daniel ( cont 'd ) you ever notice that before ? omar notice what ? off Daniel 's look , Omar join he on the ground , eye up . the majesty of the mural be on full display . several constellation be recognizable . daniel it 's a sign . omar oh , see now , you be just make stuff up . we have pass this thing a million time . 20 . daniel yeah , but have you ever see it ? it 's like the conductor say on the train , maybe the universe be try to tell I something . omar yep . '' you be lose it , bro . '' daniel I be serious , Omar . of all the day we have be here , today be the day that I notice the most amazing thing in all of Grand Central ? it 's not a coincidence . omar okay , then let 's suppose this conductor be right ... the universe be talk . what 's it say ? Daniel sit up , look out into the main terminal . people shuffle back through the concourse . he look around , eyeing everything in sight ... nothing . a train pull in . daniel I do not know yet . omar go figure . Daniel plop down on the ground , then ... he spot her in the crowd . a young , Black woman with a enormous , curly afro and almost - as- enormous pink headphone . it 's natasha . her eye be close as she sway to she music , in complete bliss . Omar notice Daniel 's gaze and shake he head . omar ( cont 'd ) now what ? ( look out ) it 's just a cute girl , Daniel . relax . ( double take ) okay , she 's real cute . natasha walk underneath they , move she backpack to one_ shoulder revealing the back of she jacket . it read : carpe diem . Daniel 's completely strike . daniel look at she jacket ! carpé diem . 21 . omar carpé wha -- daniel carpé diem ... '' seize the Day . '' ( off Omar , unfaze ) it 's gotta be a sign . c’mon on ! Daniel drag Omar off in the direction he last see natasha . ext . NYC STREET - moment later Daniel 's eye light up as he follow natasha from a distance . omar this be stalker-ish , you know . daniel no , it 's not . I be maintain a non - creepy , half - block distance . tasha enter a record store . galaxy record . Daniel stop in he track . stare at Omar . daniel ( cont 'd ) ( be : the store 's sign ) you gotta be shitting I ! this be definitely a sign . omar okay . definitely ironic . I will give you that ... and she be cute ... daniel I want to know where this lead . omar , hopefully not to jail . but if it do , do not call I . int . galaxy record store - day natasha enter the record store , smile anyway . natasha ( v.o. ) if today be not today , I would spend all day here . tasha enter the '' Rap '' section . then she see a couple make out next to a poster of madonna 's like a virgin . she frown . 22 . natasha ( v.o. ) ugh . of all the people to run into , on today of all day , why do I have to run into my ex ? why be not he in school ? this be my place ! this two be rob , 17 , and kelly , 17 . Kelly snake she hand out and snatch a record . she slip it between they body and into she bulky jacket . tasha shake she head , appal . daniel ( 0.s. ) she 's just go to steal that ? tasha turn to find Daniel stand right behind she . natasha I know ! do not anybody work here ? can not they see what 's happen ? daniel should not we say something ? tasha shake she head . natasha ( be : Rob and Kelly ) no. I know they . daniel sticky finger be you friend ? natasha she 's my boyfriend 's girlfriend . daniel how do that work exactly ? natasha I mean ex-boyfriend . he cheat on I . with she , actually . natasha ( v.o. ) tmi , tasha . I do not need to volunteer that tidbit toa stranger . daniel great pair . ( beat , then ) we should tell someone . 23 . natasha no way ! if I say something , it 's go to look like I be jealous and mess with they . daniel be you ? natasha that 's kind of a personal question , be not it ? daniel we be have a moment . natasha be we ? Rob pause from make out , look up to see tasha and Daniel stare at they from a distance . natasha ( cont ’d ) Jesus Christ bleed on a popsicle stick ... he see I ! Rob give tasha a half - smile and a small wave . tasha turn she back to he , face Daniel instead . natasha ( cont ’d ) oh God ... be he come over here ? daniel yup . natasha maybe we should make out or something . like spy do in the movie . Daniel blushes . hard . tasha note he blush and lean back . natasha ( cont ’d ) I be not serious . obviously . Rob approach they . rob hey ... daniel why be you and you girlfriend steal thing ? 24 . Rob hold he hand up and take a step back . rob whoa , dude . keep you voice down . daniel this be a independent record store . that mean it 's family own . you be steal from real people . do you know how hard it be for small business to survive when people like you just take stuff ? tasha spot a employee approach Kelly . natasha uh...do not look now , but I think you girlfriend just get bust . Rob look over at Kelly . employee # 2 have now join they . Rob shove he hand into he pocket and walk - run toward the front door . kelly Rob ! but Rob do not stop . he bolt out , leave she behind . daniel damn , that be cold . Kelly hand employee Prince 's '' purple rain '' from under she jacket . the employee snatch the record . employee come back in here again and I will call the cop . Kelly nod , then exit quickly . daniel well , at least she have good taste . natasha yeah , I guess if you be go to steal a Prince record , might as well be he best one , right ? daniel I do not know if that 's he best one . solid top three , for sure . 25 . natasha tell I , in you opinion , what be he best album ? daniel controversy . my mom use to play that song all the time when I be a kid . tasha smile , impressed . Daniel stare at she , googly - eye . grinning . natasha listen , Red tie -- daniel Daniel . my name be Daniel . he stick out he hand for a shake . tasha shake it . he hold it a beat too long . a moment pass between they . natasha it be nice meeting you , Daniel . but I really have to go -- daniel well , maybe I can walk you -- natasha no , I be good . take care , Daniel . tasha put she headphone back on and start walk for the door quickly , leave Daniel stand there kick himself . ext . NYC STREET - day natasha walk out into the crowd and spot Rob and Kelly up ahead . Kelly cry as Rob give he best half - ass explanation . natasha move past they unnotice . Daniel , ear to he phone , eye tasha in the distance as he follow she . omar ( v.o. , on the phone ) why do not you just get she number in the record store ? daniel because she would not give it to I . omar ( v.o. ) I think that 's clearly a sign , do not you ? 26 . daniel but it 's not like she totally blow I off . she be nice . I be tell you , there be a spark there . omar ( v.o. ) and follow she like a serial killer be go to reignite that ? daniel I be not follow she . she just happen to be go my way . natasha stop at the crosswalk ahead of Daniel . daniel ( cont 'd ) oh , shit , I be get close . she would definitely think I be stalking she if she turn around now . omar ( v.o. ) well , then whatever you do , do not -- Daniel hang up in a panic . strain , decide whether to flee or say something as he approach . Daniel take a deep breath . he 's about to veer off when -- a white BMW fly down the avenue . the light turn red again and natasha step off the curb , not pay attention . she 's about to get hit when Daniel yank she backwards by she arm . they fall backwards onto the sidewalk . natasha land half on top of Daniel as she phone and headphone crash against the pavement . she look down at the spider web crack across she phone 's screen . natasha what . the. Hell ? daniel you okay ? natasha that guy almost kill I . she look up the block as the BMW sit on the side of the road with its blinker on . then look to she headphone . natasha ( cont ’d ) do you know how long I have have this ? natasha cradle she break headphone in she hand . 27 . daniel I nil buy you another pair . she shake she head '' no . '' daniel ( cont 'd ) it 's the least I can do . tasha finally look at he . natasha you already save my life . daniel you would not have die . a little maim , maybe . natasha stare back at he , unfaze . her eye fill with tear . natasha I be have just the worst day . ( a beat ; realize ) wait . be you follow I ? daniel man , I know you would think that . natasha you just happen to be right behind I ? daniel maybe it be mean to be . natasha exhales deep . natasha I be just gonna ignore that . thanks for you help . daniel at least tell I you name . natasha natasha . daniel Nice name . natasha so glad you approve . Daniel stare at she , inquisitive . 28 . natasha ( cont ’d ) why be you stare at I ? Daniel blushes again . natasha stare at he face . his hair . natasha ( v.o. ) observable fact : the man- bun push he from cute to kind of sexy . daniel now you be stare . tasha blushes , then clear she throat . natasha why be you wear a suit ? daniel I have a interview later . wanna go get something to eat ? natasha what for ? daniel Yale . alumni admission interview . I apply early decision . natasha shake she head . natasha no , I mean why do you want to get something to eat ? daniel I be hungry ? natasha hmmm . I be not . daniel coffee then ? or tea or soda or bottled water ? natasha why ? Daniel shrug . daniel why not ? besides , I be pretty sure you owe I you life since I just save it . int . mom and pop coffee shop - day Daniel and tasha sit across from each other at a tasha check the time on she phone : 10:00 a.m. daniel wait . why be not you in school ? natasha ( lie ) . ; I have a doctor 's appointment in a hour . tasha sip she coffee . silence . 29 . cozy table . Daniel fidget nervously . blow on he cappuccino so hard a little foam fly up on he face . tasha chuckle . she then look at he satchel , suddenly curious . natasha ( cont ’d ) what do you keep in there ? daniel not much . my notebook . I carry it pretty much everywhere I go . Daniel pull out a black notebook . flip through tasha glance at it . see the handwritten block natasha you be not a poet , be you ? daniel no , I just kind of dabble in it . for fun . next year I all be pre-med . self -conscious , Daniel quickly put the notebook bag . tasha notice , lean in . natasha ( flirt ) so what be you poem about ? Love ? daniel among other thing . yes , love . natasha I do not believe in love . daniel well it exist , whether you believe in it or not . it quickly . of text . back in he he laugh . 30 . natasha oh really ? can you prove it ? daniel thousands of love song . poetry . the institution of marriage . natasha word on paper . never mind the fact that eat large amount of chocolate have the same effect on you as fall in love . daniel I love chocolate . tasha laugh , too . daniel ( cont 'd ) you say it 's just word on paper , but you have to admit all that people be feel something . natasha people just want to believe . otherwise they would have to admit that life be just a random series of good and bad thing that happen until one day , you die . daniel and you be okay with believe that life have no meaning ? natasha I be okay believe in the thing that science can make sense of . if love make sense , more than forty - eight percent of all marriage would make it . daniel be you parent marry ? natasha yeah , but if that 's what marriage be , it 's not for I . daniel so no fate , no magic , no mean - to - be for you ? 31 . natasha Boy , please . quantum physics be all the magic I need . daniel I do not think I have ever meet anyone so charmingly delude . natasha and you find that appeal ? daniel I find it interesting . ( beat , then ) what if I tell you I could get you to fall in love with I scientifically ? without chocolate . natasha I would scoff . a lot . daniel I be serious . it 's a thing . the New York Times have a article about it . researcher put a bunch of couple in a lab and have they ask each other a bunch of intimate question . also , they have to stare into each other 's eye for four minute without talk . natasha that sound ridiculous . daniel and yet , it 's a real thing . Daniel and natasha stand in line at the register , wait to pay . Daniel have he phone out . daniel ( cont 'd ) there be thirty - six question . how about I choose ten randomly . natasha knock yourself out . it 's never go to happen . daniel great . question number one , what be the five key ingredient to fall in love ? 32 . natasha I do not believe in love , remember ? ( off he look ) okay . Fine -- mutual self - interest and socio-economic compatibility . daniel do you even have a soul ? natasha no such thing . he laugh at tasha as if she 's kid , but she 's not . daniel well , my ingredient be friendship and chemistry . natasha ( patronize ) but , of course . sorry , go on . daniel I think some kind of moral compass be important . and let 's see ... physical attraction and the X factor . natasha what 's the X factor ? daniel do not worry . we already have it . he smile charmingly . a strand of Daniel 's hair fall into he face . he put it behind he ear . natasha this quiz be not go to make I fall in love with you , Red tie . daniel it 's Daniel . and give I today . natasha can not . I have a doctor 's appointment . daniel okay . i’1l walk you there . 33 . ext . NYC STREET - day tasha lead the way , darting in and out of pedestrian traffic , as Daniel struggle to keep up . daniel so , where be we head ? natasha I be head to my appointment on the east side and you be , apparently , tagging along with I . daniel yep . and while we be walk ... Daniel take out he phone . daniel ( cont 'd ) you ready for more question ? natasha you be relentless . daniel persistent . now , question number two : would you like to be famous and how ? natasha you first . daniel I would be a famous poet laureate . natasha and you would be break . daniel break with money but rich with word . natasha what do a poet laureate even do ? daniel offer wise and poetic counsel . tasha make some gag sound . daniel ( cont 'd ) be cynical all you want , but many a life have be save by poetry . 34 . natasha you be not joke , be you ? daniel what about you ? what kind of fame do you want ? natasha easy . I would be a benevolent dictator . Daniel laugh . daniel you know , all dictator think they be benevolent . even the one hold machete . natasha nope . pure benevolence from I . I would decide what be good for everyone and do it . daniel but what if what 's good for one person be not good for another ? natasha can not please everyone . as my poet laureate , you could comfort the loser with a good poem . daniel touché . she glance at he , feel a surprising connection . they stop at a corner , wait for the light to change . we enter a musical montage of they walk through the city as they get to know each other . the urban sound melt away as a wistful piece of music take over . natasha soak up the city she 's about to say goodbye to and Daniel continue to try and win she full attention . Daniel pull out he phone again and begin scrolling through question . natasha watch he . natasha tell I again why you be wear a suit ? ( off he groan ) come on , I get to ask question too . 35 . daniel Yale . interview . natasha really . be you nervous ? daniel I be fine . my parent have only be prepping I for this my entire life . natasha they be immigrant , huh ? daniel yup . natasha mine too . do you even want to go to Yale ? daniel it do not matter what I want . natasha it 's you life . daniel and what about yours ? you sound like you have get it all figure out . natasha I be go to be a data scientist . ( off he look ) data scientist analyze data and recommend action base on the result . they be also very well - pay . daniel that 's so practical . have you always know what you want to be ? natasha well , it be not predestine . I do research on grow field in the science . I choose one , and tada . daniel so , it 's not something you be passionate about ? she shrug . 36 . natasha I do not want to have to rely on anyone or wind up work night shift just to make end meet . I can not live off of passion any more that I could off of love . they climb some step and walk along a elevate walkway . daniel it 's a long life to spend do something you be only ' meh 's about . natasha it 's a long life to spend chase dream that be not real . do you know how many people want to be actor or writer or rock star ? a lot . ninety - nine percent of they will not make it . Zero point nine percent of that leave will barely make any money do it . only the last zero point one percent make it big . everybody else just waste they life try to be they . daniel be you secretly my father ? natasha ha ha . look , when you be a happy doctor make lot of money , you will thank he that you do not become a starve artist dream pointlessly about make it big . tasha notice the disappointed look on Daniel 's face . natasha ( cont ’d ) wait , you be not serious about the poetry thing , be you ? daniel honestly ? if I have my way , yeah . this track I be on be too predictable . Yale . Medical school . residency . Marriage . Children . retirement . nursing home . funeral home . Cemetery . ( then ) people have big , beautiful brain ! we invent thing that fly . we be capable of anything under the sun . we be capable of big life . ( more ) 37 . daniel ( cont 'd ) how great would it be if we all go after the thing we actually believe in ? they eye meet . she 's inspire by he passion . ext . fitzgerald's build - day tasha stop in front of a glass high - rise building on lst Ave . its corporate design contrast with the illustrious UN building on the opposite side of the street . she look up at the building , know it may be she last hope . natasha so , this be I . daniel I can wait for you out here . natasha Daniel . you have a interview and I have this ... thing . this be where we say goodbye . Daniel fall silent for a beat . daniel be I go to see you again ? natasha there be eight and a half million people in this city . unless we just happen to run into one another , again the odd be not in we favor . daniel let 's do that over . do you want to see I again ? a beat . neither one move ... Daniel do not wait for she reply . daniel ( cont 'd ) never mind . I can see that you be a little stress by this appointment ... like I be before I see you . let 's try something . Daniel raise he arm laterally , away from he body . daniel ( cont 'd ) lift you arm like this . 38 . natasha oblige , reluctantly . Daniel inch closer and closer to she , arm out . natasha ummm . what be you do ? daniel they say that something as simple as a hug can do wonder for stress . natasha do they ? daniel mmmhmm , it 's science . Daniel stand face to face with natasha , both of they arm outstretch , almost wrapping around one another . but they do not touch . daniel ( cont 'd ) if this be goodbye , then let this hug be my parting gift . okay ? tasha pull he in . he hold she tight . tasha let she head drop onto he shoulder and she body relax into he arm . natasha ( v.o. ) go , tasha . time to go . daniel ( v.o. ) let go , Daniel . let she go . Daniel release she . tasha pull back , smile at he . natasha Nice meeting you , Daniel . good luck with you interview . Daniel nod . tasha head to the building . daniel ( call after she ) you really do not think we will see each other again , do you ? she turn back to Daniel . natasha it 's highly unlikely . 39 . daniel the odd be that we would never meet in the first place , you know . but we do . Daniel look to the sky . crack a smile . natasha why be you smile ? daniel because I know this be not we last time together . Daniel 's naiveté upset tasha . tear gather in she eye . natasha Goodbye , Daniel . tasha turn away from he so that he can not see she face . she walk through the large glass door of the building . int . build - hallway / fitzgerald 's office - day tasha open a door to find a partially build office . the wall be half paint and bare bulb hang from the ceiling . sawdust and paint splotches cover the tarped floor . a woman , hannah , 30 , sit behind the desk . she smile as tasha approach . hannah you must be natasha . tasha nod . hannah ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , I have some bad news . tasha 's stomach fold in on itself . hannah ( cont 'd ) Jeremy -- Attorney fitzgerald , be in a car accident a hour ago . Hannah continue the story as tasha listen . natasha ( v.o. ) turn out that BMW that almost hit I have already do its fair share of damage ... 40 . ext . new york STREET - earlier jeremy fitzgerald cross the street . natasha ( v.o . ) my attorney - to - be be crossing the street , and without he own personal Daniel to save he ... boom . the white BMW cruise through a stoplight and knock jeremy to the ground . natasha ( v.o. ) a drunk and distraught insurance actuary hit he . Jeremy crawl to the side of the street as other pedestrian help he up and call 911 . int . fitzgerald's office - present Hannah continue talk to tasha . hannah his wife say he 's fine , just a few bruise . but he will not be back until later this afternoon . natasha but that might be too late -- hannah do not you hear what I say ? he be hit by a car . he will see you later . Hannah push a sheaf of form over to tasha . hannah ( cont 'd ) in the meantime , I need you to fill out this form . Hannah point tasha to a adjacent desk . she fill most of it quickly . then pause at the back page . the prompt : '' please give a full accounting of you time in the UNITED states . '' natasha ( v.o . ) I have no idea what to write . so I give the fact : my family travel to America on a tourist visa and we have not leave the country since . we have commit no crime , except for my dad 's DUI . 41 . tasha jot this down quickly , then hand the papers back to Hannah . Hannah flip through it , then stop on the back page . hannah you need more here . natasha like what ? hannah what do America mean to you ? why do you want to stay ? natasha be that really -- hannah anything Jeremy can use to humanize you will help . tasha sit back down . the phone ring as she stare at the blank page . struggle . Hannah talk as tasha try to focus . a second phone line ring as tasha work on the form . Hannah hang up and grab the second line before it can ring twice . hannah ( cont 'd ) oh my God , Jeremy . be you alright ? as Jeremy respond , a relieved smile cross Hannah 's face . hannah ( cont 'd ) thank goodness , I be worried sick ! ( beat ) yes , of course . I will see you later . Hannah hang up the phone and come back into the reception area , aglow with relief . hannah ( cont 'd ) he 's alright . natasha that 's great . Hannah take the form from tasha and read through they . hannah I have see lot of case like this -- you will be okay . natasha you think so ? 42. hannah Jeremy never lose . I be not suppose to say this ... but just know there 's hope . tasha exhales , a burden lift . int . fitzgerald 's build - lobby - moment later tasha exit the elevator . voice ( 0.s8 . ) hey ! tasha turn to the voice . it 's bev. bev how would it go ? natasha good . I think . bev what do that mean ? natasha well , it 's not official yet , but ... there may be something other than resign dread in my future . bev squeal , then squeeze tasha tight in a hug . bev that 's amazing ! be you go to call you parent ? natasha and say what ? a man who I do not know send I to see another man I do not know . then a paralegal , who be not a lawyer , whom I also do not know , say everything will be all right . what 's the use in get all we hope up ? bev hope seem like a good substitute to whatever you have be feel . tasha smile . 43. bev ( cont 'd ) do not tell I . can you use the scientific method on it ? can you observe it , measure it , experiment with it and repeat you experiment ? natasha & bev you cannot . they both laugh . natasha you know I can only take so much positivity . ( beat ) but there be something measurable I have to tell you . I meet a boy ... bev um , what ? when ? deet please ! natasha okay , so I see Rob up at second come this morning ... as tasha tell she story , insert flashback shot of Daniel enhance by she memory and favorable shade of lighting : - beautifully backlit after he save tasha 's life . - get foam on he nose at the coffee spot . - lovingly look at she as he say '' goodbye . '' natasha ( v.o. ) and as I give bev the full Daniel rundown , it hit I ... natasha I do not even get he full name ! bev what a fail . natasha I know ! I should have get he number . tasha look down to she phone . it 's 11:35 . natasha ( cont ’d ) I mean , what if this immigration nonsense do resolve itself ? how will I find he again ? 44 , bev maybe he wait for you . would not that be romantic ? bev look around the lobby , search . natasha do not be ridiculous . he have a interview . he 's not still here . in spite of herself , tasha start to look around the lobby too . hopeful . but she can not find he . her shoulder slump . bev ha ! you be disappointed . natasha and how be that funny ? bev because you really like this dude ! I have never see you like this . natasha ( still search the lobby ) please . it 's not like I think we be mean to be or anything ridiculous like that ... just say , it would have be nice -- tasha finally see Daniel . he 's crossing the lobby , make a beeline for she . she cover she excitement . daniel hey . natasha hey . what happen to you interview ? daniel no hug . no '' I be so happy to see you " ? bev you clearly do not know tasha that well . hi , I be bev . you must be " the boy . '' tasha cut she eye at bev , deadly . daniel actually it 's Daniel . 45 . bev Nice to meet you , Daniel . ( to tasha ) okay . I be out . bev hug tasha . natasha I think we be have lunch . bev I think you have get other plan . bev grin from ear to ear as she trot off . she type tasha a text : call I later . ps , pls get the digit this time !!! tasha turn to a smile Daniel . natasha so ? daniel so ? natasha you interview ? daniel oh , that old thing ? I postpone it . natasha be you insane ? this be you life we be talk about . daniel I do not burn the building to the ground , ' tash . I just move it until later . natasha ' tash ? we be do nickname already ? ext . office build - day tasha shiver a little and rub she hand down she forearm from the cold . Daniel take she jacket and help she into it . natasha do you postpone for I ? daniel absolutely . 46 . natasha what make you so sure I be worth it ? daniel instinct . how do you thing go ? natasha Fine . I have to come back at 3:30 . Daniel look at he phone : 11:45 am . daniel look like we have more time together . natasha look that way , huh ? the two of they exchange flirty smile . natasha ( cont ’d ) so , what should we do now ? ext . harlem - mlk blvd day the Manhattan skyscraper have be replace by small , closely - pack store with bright awning . harlem feel less like a city and more like a neighborhood . almost everyone 's black . tasha and Daniel walk down the street , talk . natasha you father own a black hair care shop call '' Black Hair Care '' ? daniel yep . not the most creative name in the world , I 'il give you that . natasha hmm . I guess when you say ' store , 's that 's not what I be expect . how would they get into that ? int . still photo sequence - fantasy daniel ( v.o. ) my family do not enter the Black hair care business by chance . a still photo of daniel 's family come to life . 47 . daniel ( v.o. ) when dae hyun and minute soo move to New York , dae hyun 's cousin give they a loan to open a Black Hair Care store . a photograph of a Korean plane suddenly move , the plane land in New York City . a photo of dae hyun 's cousin spring into action as he hand Daniel 's parent some cash . a Hair Care store freeze in time suddenly bustles . daniel ( v.o. ) his cousin have a similar store and it be thriving . as be store other South korean have open up . a wide shot reveal the cousin in front of a store , he go inside . a dozen other Black Hair Care store be alive and thriving on the block . daniel ( v.o. ) and South korean do not dominate the Black hair care industry by chance . in the 1960s wig make with South Korean hair be insanely popular in the African - american community . various photograph of black women come to life . as they walk down the street , wig of every style be on display . daniel so much so that the South Korean government ban the export of raw hair to ensure South Korean wig could only be make in South Korea . that combine with the U.S. ban the import of wig contain chinese hair effectively solidify South Korea 's dominance in the wig market . the wig business evolve to the more general Black hair care business . of which South korean currently control 60 - 80 % . back to scene - ext . harlem STREET - day they finally stop in front of he father 's store . poster of black women in all style -- afros , weave , braid , etc. , adorn the window . daniel ( cont 'd ) so this be it ... 48 . Daniel turn to tasha , tug he tie from side to side nervously . daniel ( cont 'd ) so , you should know that my dad 's really ... natasha Daniel . it 's fine . I get it . all parent be embarrassing . Daniel avert he eye . tasha reach out for the door , but he stop she . daniel maybe you could just wait out here . tasha let the door go , stunne . Daniel reach for the door . daniel ( cont 'd ) I all be right back . he see the hurt in tasha 's eye , feel awful . daniel ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , can I try that again ? tasha give he a big smile . Daniel open the door for tasha . daniel ( cont 'd ) after you . int . black hair care store - day a bell chime as they enter . it 's small and cramme with row of metal shelf and product . dae , dae hyun , 5as , be busy ringing up a customer at the register . daniel well , this be it ... you need to go to the bathroom or anything ? there 's one in the back . tasha shake she head . he strangle the pouch with he hand . nervous . natasha want to show I around ? daniel not much to see . first two aisle be for hair . ( more ) 49 . daniel ( cont 'd ) shampoo , conditioner , extension , dy , lot of chemical thing I do not understand . aisle three be make -up . four 's equipment . he glance at he dad , but he 's still busy . daniel ( cont 'd ) do you need something ? tasha touch she hair , suddenly insecure . daniel ( cont 'd ) I do not mean a product . we have a fridge in the back with soda and stuff . natasha sure . they walk down the hair dye aisle . tasha stop in front of some box with brightly color dy , pick up a pink one . daniel pink ? natasha why not ? daniel do not seem like you style . natasha show how much you know . daniel I think you would look beautiful with a giant pink afro . natasha the whole thing would not be pink . maybe just the end . he reach for the box and now they be both hold it and face each other in a aisle that only have space for one . daniel it would look like strawberry frosting . Daniel pull a few strand of tasha 's coil . he smile . she smile back . a small moment . 50 . charlie ( 0.s. ) oh , look . my little brother 's here . Daniel jerk he hand from she hair . they both let go of the dye at the same time , and the box clatter to the floor . Charlie saunter down the aisle toward they , eye fill with curiosity and a mischievous glee . Daniel hand the dye back to tasha . daniel what 's up , Charlie ? charlie the sky be up , little brother . ( then , be : tasha ) who be this ? Charlie 's eye be on tasha . Daniel take a deep breath and ready himself to say something , but tasha jump in . natasha I be natasha . a friend of you brother 's . charlie oh , I think maybe he have catch a shoplifter . we get a lot of that in a store like this . I be sure you understand . tasha 's eye widen , stunne by he rudeness . daniel Jesus Christ , Charlie . Daniel angrily take a step toward he brother , but tasha grab he hand , pull he back . Daniel stop , link he finger with hers and squeeze . Charlie make a big show of look down at they join hand and then back up at they . charlie be this what I think it be ? he clap he hand together with a loud smack and do a laugh two -step dance . charlie ( cont 'd ) this . is. great . yes . you know what this mean do not you ? all the heat will be off I . ( more ) 51 . charlie ( cont 'd ) when the nrent find out about this I ’‘1l be a boy scout again . fuck academic probation . natasha wow . you be a asshole . he smile as if tasha 's pay he a compliment . natasha ( cont ’d ) ( to Daniel ) do you thing and let 's get out of here . she squeeze he hand . they turn away and run right into he father . tasha pull she hand away , but it 's too late . dae ( in Korean ) what be you do ? daniel Mom say I have to bring you this . charlie want I to help translate for you friend ? dae ( to Charlie ) I think you do not understand Korean . Charlie shrug . charlie I get by . dae ( in Korean ) be that why you fail out of school ? you only get by ? Charlie 's smile lessen . embarrassment show . charlie ( to tasha ) do not worry , he 's not talk about you . not yet at least . dae 's face go completely blank . he suppress he anger and feign a smile at tasha . 52 . dae you want something before you leave ? he clasp he hand , half - bend at the waist like he usually do for he customer . natasha no , thank you , mr.-- dae yes . yes . you be a friend of Daniel 's . take anything you want . he pat at he pocket until he find he glass and peer at the bottle on the shelf . dae ( cont 'd ) not this aisle . come with I . natasha and Daniel follow he helplessly while Charlie snicker . dae find what he 's look for one aisle over . dae ( cont 'd ) here . a relaxer for you hair . to make you hair not so big . he pull a tub from a shelf and hand it to she . Charlie laugh long and loud . natasha thank you , mr.-- daniel bae . natasha Mr. bae . I do not need any -- dae you hair 's too big . natasha I like it big . charlie better get a different boyfriend . Daniel glare at he brother . daniel we be leave . 53. Daniel practically fling the pouch at he father . then he reach for tasha 's hand and lead she toward the door . charlie thank you , come again . ext . harlem - continuous chyron : 12:15 pm Daniel sigh as he tug tasha up the block . she shake she head . Daniel finally stop , hang he head . daniel I be sorry . tasha 's giggle turn into all - out laughter . she clutches she stomach as Daniel stare at she , unamuse . natasha I do not think that could have go any worse . racist dad . racist and sexist older brother . and the store ! I mean the ancient poster of that woman and you dad offer I a relaxer . daniel I be glad you think this be funny . natasha come on . tragedy be funny . daniel be we in a tragedy ? natasha of course . be not that what life be ? we all die at the end . daniel I guess so . he step closer , take she hand and place it on he chest . daniel ( cont 'd ) seriously . I be sorry . I be sorry about my family . I be sorry about everything , about the whole history of the world and all its racism and the unfairness of all of it . 54 . natasha what be you even say ? it 's not you fault . you can not apologize for racism . daniel I can and I do . tasha warm to he earnestness . natasha I get it . it 's hard to come from some place or someone that you be not proud of ... but you be not you dad . or you brother thankfully . daniel thank you . ( beat ) I feel like I need a palate cleanser now . what 's you favorite place to go in the city ? natasha hmm . there 's so many . but I guess if I have to pick one , I have say the planetarium . daniel really ? never be . natasha be you serious ? not even the obligatory fourth grade field trip ? Daniel shake he head . tasha look at she phone . natasha ( cont ’d ) then we have to go . there 's a twelve - thirty show if we leave now , we can make it . int . subway train - later Daniel and tasha sit side by side . daniel so , you ready for the next question ? natasha oh boy ... be we back to that ? 55 . daniel I all take that as a yes . ( search ) alright , here we go . how do you feel about you relationship with you mother and father ? natasha you first . daniel well . you meet my dad ... it 's complicated . of course I love he , but you can love someone and still have a not - so- great relationship with they , you know ? ( shrug ) sometimes I feel like we be on opposite side of a soundproofed , glass wall . we can see each other but we can not hear each other . the train brake suddenly and jostle they even closer together . she do not move away . natasha and you mom ? daniel pretty good . she 's kind of like I . she paint . natasha so she 's a delusional optimist too ? daniel I guess so . ( then ) now you turn . tasha roll she eye . she nod . daniel ( cont 'd ) I ' 1l make it easy on you . you can just give I a thumb up or thumb down , okay ? daniel ( cont 'd ) Mom ? tasha give the thumb up . 56 . daniel ( cont 'd ) Way up ? natasha let 's not go overboard . I be seventeen and she 's my mom . daniel dad ? tasha give the thumb down . daniel ( cont 'd ) Way down ? natasha ( beat ) it 's hard to love someone who do not love you back . Daniel and tasha fall silent as a STREET musician carry a violin board the car . she start to play Prince 's '' when dove Cry . '' Daniel nudge tasha . daniel she 's play Prince . kind of a coincidence , do not you think ? tasha roll she eye . the musician be so passionate and the tune be so infectious that a elderly passenger start to loudly hum along . as the song go on , other passengers hum as well . Daniel smile big at tasha as he join in . natasha you be so goofy . the musician finish with a flourish and the car break out in applause . a true New York subway moment . the musician take a bow . STREET musician lady and gentleman , if you like what you hear , I do accept tip . Cash , credit or debit . the musician hold she hat in one hand and a iphone with a card -read square in the other as passenger head out . 57 . tasha stop , pull out a dollar and put it in she hat . Daniel smile and do the same . int . museum of natural history - hall of meteorite - day tasha and Daniel wander through the minimal dark space . spotlight shine on meteorite . natasha run she hand across the metal - cold surface of a pockmark rock and ske close she eye , finger the divot . Daniel come close , watch she . she turn to he , she voice a whisper . natasha this rock be 4.5 billion year old . almost as old as we solar system . Daniel smile . natasha ( cont ’d ) just think about that , before human ever exist , this object be fly through the universe for billion of year ! Daniel pause , take aback by she . daniel you be like a kid in a candy store . natasha just think , human have only be around for at most two-hundred - thousand year . this rock have be around for five - thousand time as long as all of human history combine . daniel the way you talk about this stuff , you should be pursue astronomy . natasha walk off into the darkness of the exhibition space . natasha there 's not a lot of job in astronomy . not like the other science . Daniel follow she , pause in a pool of light . daniel but this be what you love . natasha stand in the darkness , just outside the spotlight . 58 . natasha cliche as it sound , love do not put food on the table . ( then ) be not that why you be go to Yale ? daniel I do not know how it be with you family , but in mine , my parent have a lot of power . and they have already decide my fate . Daniel walk back into the blackness . tasha follow he . she look at she watch . natasha show 's about to start . int . museum of natural history - planetarium theater - later the night sky be project on a enormous screen . tasha and Daniel stare up at the star , transfix . narrator ( v.o. ) the night sky ... both beautiful and mysterious . image of the milky Way galaxy appear . narrator ( v.o. ) but the star only tell part of the story . you see this denser band of star ? that 's the milky Way . it 's we galaxy . Daniel 's eye go wide as he take in the spectacle . tasha note he reaction and smile to herself . narrator ( v.o. ) it 's big . so big that even at the speed of light it would take 100,000 year to travel across it . and this galaxy of ours contain only about 100 billion star . the two of they be so catch up that everyone disappear around they . narrator ( v.o. ) luckily the milky Way be not the only galaxy in the Universe . ( more ) 59 . narrator ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) many of the star we see be actually in whole other galaxy very far away . Daniel eye tasha 's hand on she lap . narrator ( v.o. ) there be about 170 billion galaxy , comprise of hundred of billion of individual star . natasha 's elbow lightly brushes Daniel 's arm . she notice and they exchange a look , both embarrassed . narrator ( v.o. ) there be more star in the universe than grain of sand on all of Earth 's beach combine . Daniel look down longingly at she hand . reaches he pinky slowly towards hers . narrator ( v.o. ) some may find this vastness , this unending darkness , proof of we insignificance . but I see ita little differently . Daniel 's pinky lightly touch she hand . a pause . natasha freeze . Daniel withdraw he hand quickly . neil degrasse tyson appear on screen , as if he 's stand in the middle of the universe . he 's we narrator . tyson ( v.o. ) the most astounding fact to I be the knowledge that the atom that comprise life on earth , the atom that make up we human body , be traceable to the star . Daniel take a deep breath , slowly bring he hand towards natasha 's hand again . tyson ( v.o. ) star that collapse and then explode , they become the ingredient for life itself . Daniel 's finger lightly cover natasha 's finger . a pause , he hand on hers . 60 . tyson ( v.o. ) so when we look up at the night sky , we be not draw in merely for its beauty ... we be draw in because whether we know it or not , we be all part of this universe , we be all in this universe , but more importantly , the universe be in us ... natasha reciprocate at last . she pull she finger around he and they hand intertwine . the tension building ... int . museum of natural history - planetarium theater - later the light be up . Daniel 's still blow away by what they just see . tasha 's distant . both of they remain in they seat . daniel that be ... really something . tasha do not hear he . she check the time on she phone again : 1:01 pm . she slide she hand away from Daniel 's . daniel ( cont 'd ) do I say something wrong ? natasha no , it 's not you . well , maybe it be ... do not you think it 's weird that we have spend so much time together today ? I mean , we just meet . we be practically stranger . daniel honestly , I do not think it 's weird at all . plus , you have meet my family ... we be definitely out of the stranger zone . natasha soften . at ease . natasha yeah , I guess . it 's just a lot to take in . daniel I do not know ... I just feel connect to you . a beat . natasha 's belly growl . they laughter relieve the romantic tension . 61 . daniel ( cont 'd ) you like Korean food ? ext . korean marketplace - day Music play as Daniel and tasha make they way through the densely pack street of koreatown . neon sign in Korean , street vendor , bicycle , and the smell of delicious food wafting in the air . natasha see Korean people exite a building drag big suitcase . she sigh , the weight of the world on she shoulder . Daniel notice . she brushes it off , move on down the street . they take a quick selfie together as the music end . natasha so how come you call yourself Korean ? be not you bear here ? daniel people always ask where I be from . I use to say here , but then they ask where be you really from , and then I say Korea . natasha I do not think you should say you be from Korea . daniel why not ? natasha because it 's not true . you be from here . daniel I love how simple this be for you . natasha what do you mean ? daniel well , you solution to everything be to tell the truth . I struggle with my identity and you tell I just to say what 's true . natasha why not ? it 's not up to you to help other people fit you into a box . 62 . daniel do people do it to you ? natasha yeah , except I be really not from here . we leave Jamaica when I be eight . the first time I see snow , I be in homeroom and I be so amaze I stand up to stare at it . daniel oh no . natasha oh yes . daniel do the other kid -- natasha yep . it be not pretty . ( shrug ) but eventually this become home . I love it here . I could stay in New York for the rest of my life . daniel well , you should . natasha deflect . natasha well I be not go to be around much longer ... you know , if I do not get some food soon . where be we go again ? Daniel stop in he track . tasha follow he lead . daniel turn around . the pair stand at a nondescript doorway . confused , tasha look to Daniel . daniel ( cont 'd ) trust I . he take she hand and they head inside , the sound of people greeting they in Korean '' annyeonghaseyo '' echoe . 63 . int . korean restaurant - day Daniel and tasha sit at a booth in a small hole - in- the-wall joint . tasha look over the menu . daniel what do you think ? natasha I 'il eat whatever you tell I to . Daniel ring the little bell attach to the table and a waitress appear almost instantly . she give natasha a quick look , turn to Daniel . waitress ( in Korean ) how can I help you ? daniel ( in Korean ) we will have two seafood soon dubu , kalbi , and pa jun . the waitress nod and then walk off . natasha there 's a bell ? daniel awesome , right ? it take all the mystery out of food service . when will my waiter appear ? when will I get the check ? natasha do american restaurant know about this ? bell should be mandatory . Daniel laugh . natasha ( cont ’d ) no , I change my mind . can you imagine some jerk just lean on the bell demand ketchup ? the waitress return and place the soup and two uncook egg on the table . she toss paper- clad spoon and chopstick into the center of the table . natasha ( cont ’d ) oh , can I have a fork , please ? the waitress give she a disapprove look , then walk off . 64 . natasha ( cont ’d ) do this mean she 's not go to bring I a fork ? Daniel laugh . daniel do not worry about she . try this ... Daniel pull the soup bowl towards he . daniel ( cont 'd ) this be soon dubu . tasha watch as he crack the egg into the soup . she do the same , then dip she spoon in and take a bite . natasha mmm . it 's delicious . Daniel smile as tasha do a little happy dance . he watch she eat , amused . a stream of traffic flow through a door in the rear of the restaurant catch tasha 's eye . natasha ( cont ’d ) what 's go on back there ? this some kind of Korean mafia joint ? daniel oh , no . that 's the noreb . ( off she look ) Korean karaoke . natasha then why do not I hear any music ? daniel they have private room . korean be all about embarrassing themselves in private . a beat , then a mischievous look come over Daniel 's face . natasha why be you look at I like that ? int . norebang - private room - night a small , dimly light room . plush , red leather couch . a large , square coffee table sit in front of the couch . on it , a microphone and a remote . next to the door there 's a large tv. 65 . Daniel pour over the thick song book , he 's be flipping for a while , agonizing over it . natasha watch he . natasha just choose a song . daniel this be noreb . you do not choose a song . a song choose you . natasha how poetic . daniel be not it ? natasha I do not know , most poem I have read be about three thing : love , sex , or the star . you poet be obsessed with star . falling star . shoot star . dying star . daniel star be important . natasha sure , but why not more poem about the sun ? the sun be also a star and it 's the most important one . that alone should be worth a poem or two . daniel be the most important star do not make it the most poetic . who want to write about something so domineer ? I have rather ruminate on the romantic underdog that play in the night sky . natasha domineer ? you have get it all wrong . the sun be a benevolent star . a giver ... it 's also we great symbol of hope . daniel how 's that ? natasha the brightest star that we see at night be often the light from star that have already die . ( more ) 66 . natasha ( cont 'd ) it 's sad , really . but the sun be different . everyday it bring energy and life and hope to we . without it , we have all be lose . I think that 's something worth write about . daniel hope , huh ? I never peg you to believe in something as intangible as hope . natasha just a manner of speech . it only mean that something be possible . the sun make everything on earth possible . daniel you know what ? you be right . I will only write poem about the sun from now on ... natasha good . daniel and sex . natasha roll she eye . he wink . then start flipping through the book . he pull the rubber hand from he hair and toss it on the table . tasha try not to stare . natasha be you a good singer ? daniel not gonna lie . I be kinda good . he grab the remote to key in he song choice . tasha smile . the music start and Daniel slowly settles into a dramatic slump : foot plant wide , hair obscure he bow head and microphone hold high in the air , ready to rock . the open chord of '' kiss '' by Prince fill the room . he put a hand over he heart and croon the first verse . it 's magnetic . as the song unfold he embody prince 's sexual power in a completely fun and charming performance . as Daniel 's sing , tasha 's imagination take over . begin fantasy montage : 67. -- Daniel and tasha month down the road : lie in bed together laugh and eat cookie , Daniel play soccer with tasha 's brother , Daniel and tasha wander Ellis Island together hold hand . and then year down the road , Daniel on one knee hold a ring out to a glow tasha . walk down the aisle , cooking breakfast pregnant , push a stroller down the street of New York arm and arm . the fantasy be of a whole life with Daniel , a beautiful life . Daniel lean in while the song play without he and a cheesy guide track keep croon . they kiss . in the middle of the cheesiest and most epic tiny room in the universe . on cell screen : meeting with fitzgerald in 30 minute . she pull away and stare intently at the message . it fill she with panic and dread . she 's not go to marry anyone . she 's not go to have kid with Daniel . this be all a sham . her life be over , not start . Daniel see she shift in attitude . daniel ( cont 'd ) everything okay ? tasha stare at he with fear and protective anger in she eye . she almost whisper . natasha I gotta go . she then bolt out of the room . tasha run down the crazy hallway fill with color light and crazy pattern . neon flash in she face as she well up with tear . daniel hey - what be you do ? natasha I be sorry . I gotta go . daniel woah ! wait ! what be you sorry for ? natasha I just have to go . this all have to stop Daniel . Daniel chase she down the hall and she start to run harder when she eye a door at the end of a long hallway . she slam into the door at full speed . 68 . ext . norebang / new york STREET - day tasha and Daniel squint and shield they eye as they crash out into the sunlight . daniel God , it 's bright out . natasha back to reality . with tear still in she eye tasha stride down the sidewalk clearly to get away from everything . daniel wait , what just happen ? natasha nothing happen . daniel bullshit . you be act completely different . what change ? natasha nothing 's change . Daniel catch up to she and tasha look away . daniel what be you so afraid of ? natasha what be you talk about ? daniel there 's something real here . I know you feel it too . natasha oh , you know how I feel ? do you ? you do not know shit Daniel . daniel what 's you problem ? natasha this . you and I . this thing . well this can not happen . it 's over ok . daniel hey do not I have a say in this . I know there 's something here . 69 . natasha lean in and speak low , with intesity . natasha oh , well do you know that I be not a citizen ? huh ? so you know that my family be be deport tomorrow ? huh do you know that ? do you know that all this - whatever it be . it not mean to be . do you know that part ? Daniel stare , silent . totally blindside . daniel what ? you be leave the country ? why do not you tell I . it 's like this be all a lie ?! natasha I do not lie to you . I just do not tell you everything . daniel I postpone my appointment because of you ! natasha I do not ask you to do that . daniel but you do not say you have be live in another country in less than twenty - four hour , either . natasha it be not you business . daniel and it be now ? natasha look , Daniel . I tell you not to fall for I , okay ? I try . daniel no , here 's how you try . you open you mouth and you say the truth . just say , '' Daniel , I be leave the country . '' '' Daniel , do not fall in love with I . '' natasha you think a few kiss mean something ? 70 . daniel I think that kiss do . natasha let just end this . you have you plan and I have mine . daniel sure . whatever . I get it . just like that . ok , have a nice life . Daniel grab he jacket and stride away . tasha watch he go . int . black hair care store - day Daniel walk into the store visibly upset . his dad 's busy with a customer . Charlie 's face go into a full asshole smirk as he see Daniel be alone . charlie where 's you girlfriend ? she dump you already ? daniel fuck you , Charlie . Charlie stop smirk , take a good look at Daniel , note he tie and jacket be miss . shirt untucked . charlie why. are. you. here. Little . brother . should not you be interview for second best School today ? a beat . Daniel stare at Charlie , disgust . daniel why be you such a asshole ? seriously . what have I ever do to you ? charlie be that what you come back for ? to whine about I be mean to you ? daniel so you do not have a answer ? that 's just the way you be make ? charlie that 's right . I be stronger . and smarter . and better than you . 71 . Daniel glare at he brother , anger building . daniel if you be so smart , what be you do back here , Charlie ? Big fish , small pond syndrome ? be you just a tiny douchebag fish at BU ? Charlie clenches he fist . he get right in Daniel 's face . charlie you want to know why I do not like you ? because you be just like they . you and you mandu and perfect Korean . we be not even from the goddamn country ! daniel wait . you be mad because I like dumpling and I speak Korean ? that 's you beef ? Charlie step closer , get in he face . charlie no , my problem be you do not have a spine . you have always do what they have tell you to . you be they little golden boy . it 's pathetic . daniel wow . I be not even angry at you anymore . I just feel sorry for you . Charlie see the pity in Daniel 's face . he grab Daniel by the collar . charlie fuck you . you think anybody 's gonna care about that shit at Yale ? ( then , smirk ) what ? you think you be cool now because you bring some black girl in here -- Daniel punch Charlie in the eye socket , then recoil from the pain in he hand . Charlie stumble back . Charlie 's face turn from pain to surprise to rage . he punch Daniel in the stomach , then keep come . Daniel try to block he face , but it 's no use . Charlie 's fist split Daniel 's lip . 72 . he rear back , ready to deliver another blow , but Daniel block he face and knee Charlie in the groin . hard . Charlie fall to the ground in agony . they dad run over . dae ( in Korean ) what 's go on here ? they father eye Daniel 's dishevel clothes and bust lip . dae ( cont 'd ) get some ice for you lip . he turn to Charlie . dae ( cont 'd ) you hit you little brother ? that 's what you learn from America ? to hit you family ? Daniel get up and go to the -- int . black hair care store - back room - continuous grab a coke and press it against he lip . he sit on the floor with he back against the door , breathe heavy . look to a mirror on the wall . a knock on the door . dae ( cont 'd ) Daniel , come out here now . Daniel put the can back in the fridge and tuck he shirt in . he open the door . his father be right there . dae ( cont 'd ) I do not care what you brother say . the only thing that matter be you go to school , you become a doctor , you be successful . you find a nice girl and have child and you have the american dream . you do not throw you future away for temporary thing you only want right now . daniel but appa , what if I do not want the same thing you want ? his father hold up he hand , silencing he . 73. dae do not matter what you want . if you do not go to Yale and become a doctor , then you be on you own . a standoff . they hold eye contact . neither budging . finally Daniel grab he crumpled suit jacket , throw it on and march out the door . busted lip and all . int . jeremy fitzgerald's office - day Hannah greet tasha as she enter . hannah perfect timing , miss kingsley . follow I , please . Hannah lead tasha into the back office , knock lightly on the door . jeremy fitzgerald , 5as , open the door , a small bandage above he eyebrow and another around he wrist . hannah ( cont 'd ) Jeremy , tasha kingsley . fitzgerald come on in . Jeremy smile warmly at tasha . tasha enter hesitantly . fitzgerald ( cont 'd ) ( to tasha ) sit , sit , sit , sit . sorry for the delay . I review you file . please , tell I how this all come to pass . natasha I be not sure where to begin ... fitzgerald lean in . natasha ( v.o. ) +.. so I start with the night my father ruin we life . int . natasha 's apartment - flashback - night tasha , Peter and Mrs. kingsley sit around the small kitchen table as Mr. kingsley clear the chinese take out and pull a envelope out of he pocket . 74 . mr . kingsley my family . please do I the very great honor of come to see I perform the role of walter Lee younger in the Village troupe 's production of '' a raisin in the Sun . '' he pull out three ticket and proudly hand they out . but Mrs. kingsley do not take hers . mrs . kingsley you and you foolishness . you can keep you ticket . I be not go anywhere . Mrs. kingsley storm out . a beat later a door slam down the hall . Peter slump in he chair . mr . kingsley do not worry ' bout you mother . she do not mean it , man . natasha ( v.o. ) but she do mean it . she do not go with we . Said it be a waste of she hard - earn money . int . off broadway theater - flashback - night tasha and Peter sit front row with a empty seat between they . stare up at the stage . natasha ( v.o. ) I want to be able to say that my father be not good . that he talent be only mediocre . mediocre would explain all the year of rejection ... on stage Mr. kingsley give a command performance . the audience , include he child , be entrance . natasha ( v.o. ) but he be excellent . transcendent . he belong on that stage more than he 's ever belong with we . later - the actor bow , with Mr. kingsley center stage , soaking it all in . 75 . natasha ( v.o. ) I have never see he happier . and I be certain he will never be that happy again . later still - Mr. kingsley stand center stage , stare off into the empty theater - save for tasha and Peter . Peter break he father 's trance . peter you ready , pop ? Mr. kingsley look down at they with far-away eye . mr. kingsley you child go on ahead . i’1l see you later . int . bar - flashback - later that night Mr. kingsley drink with he cast mate . they down shot after shot , enjoy the evening . natasha ( v.o. ) so instead of come with we , he go out drink with he '' fellow actor . '' Mr. kingsley finally downs he last drink and stumble toward the exit . ext . STREET - flashback - night quick cut : Mr. kingsley drive down the street recklessly . a police car turn the siren on and pull behind he . on Mr. kingsley 's face . shit . he know he mess up . natasha ( v.o. ) and though he only have three beer , that three beer be enough to change everything . the police officer approach the window and ask for license and registration . natasha ( v.o. ) in all the time he have be here , he would never have one run in with the law . but here he be , face to face with cop , without the proper paperwork to show . 76 . int . fitzgerald's office - present fitzgerald 's still listen . now puzzle . fitzgerald can not believe he have get behind the wheel like that with so much at stake . natasha I do not think he be think about anything but how happy ... how free he be in that moment . on tasha 's face . there 's more to it than she 's say . natasha ( v.o. ) that be part of it , but not the whole story ... int . natasha 's apartment - flashback - night tasha lean she ear against the door of she parent 's bedroom . inside Mr. and Mrs. kingsley argue . mrs . kingsley when we meet you say all my dream would come true . you remember that , kingsley ? you be a good actor because you make I believe all the pretty thing you say . mr . kingsley I be tired of you dream . what ' bout mine ? if it be not for you and the child , my life would be better . if it be not for you and the child I would have all the thing I want . I have be do the thing God put I on this earth to do . in the hallway - tasha slump down as she father 's word hit she heart . natasha ( v.o. ) but I do not tell fitzgerald that part -- that we be my father 's great regret because we get in the way of he dream . 77 . int . fitzgerald's office - present fitzgerald sit silent , hand steeple as he think . natasha ( v.o. ) I wonder how many storey like mine have fitzgerald 's hear over the year . how many hopeless case he 's have to sit through ... fitzgerald look over one of the form then get a yellow legal pad out of he desk drawer , then jot something down . then he sit in silence for a long beat . his expression very hard to read . tasha stare at he , nervously . natasha ( v.o. ) each moment of silence be soul crush . I know I should not have listen to Hannah . should not have get my hope up ... then finally -- fitzgerald miss kingsley -- natasha it 's okay . I know I be out of option . thank you for you time . tasha move to get up . but fitzgerald wave she back down . fitzgerald you be never out of option . natasha what do you mean ? be you say you can fix this ? fitzgerald I be go to go see a judge friend of mine . he will be able to get the voluntary removal reverse so at least you do not have to leave tomorrow . after that we can file a appeal with the bia - the board of Immigration appeal ... ( check he watch ) give I a couple of hour . I can make this happen . just need to get the judge to file by six o'clock . tasha 's take aback . 78 . fitzgerald ( cont 'd ) I ' 1l call you when it 's all sort out . natasha but you think you can sort it out ? fitzgerald yes . I have do it many , many time before . you will be fine . he smile at she confidently . tasha 's eye light up . she throw she arm around he in a big , impromptu bear hug . natasha thank you . you have no idea how much this mean to I . my family . natasha ( v.o. ) I should call my parent and tell they , but right now , all I can think about be Daniel . int . diner - day Daniel sit at a empty booth . Omar see he and walk over , look he up and down . omar dude , what the hell happen to you ? do you get rob ? daniel what ? ( then realize ) I get into a fight . with Charlie . omar oooh ! finally ! that dick 's have it come for a good ten year ... ( a beat ) how would you interview go ? daniel postpone it . for tasha . omar be you insane ? daniel yes. probably . but then we get into it and now I have lose she , too -- 79 . Omar sit down across from Daniel . omar you be such a drama queen . it 's just a girl , man . there 's other girl . daniel no . not like she . I do not even get she number . omar so Facebook she . daniel I do not know she last name . omar so ? if it 's in the star , nothing can stop it . even you clumsy , no - game - have ass , can not fuck up this good thing if it really be send down from Zeus or whoever . daniel be I suppose to sit here and wait for she to walk in the door ? omar no , but you can retrace you step . or , better yet , do you know where she might be head ? Daniel think . then jump up from the booth and run out . int . 52nd STREET subway - day tasha walk down the platform and onto the uptown train . int . 52nd STREET subway - day Daniel sprint down the platform , barely make it onto the downtown train as the door close . we pull out to reveal tasha and Daniel be in the same place head in opposite direction . natasha 's on the uptown train , back to the platform . Daniel 's on the downtown train face it . the train start move in opposite direction . 80 . int . black hair care store - day the bell on the door chime with happy optimism as tasha step in . look behind the counter and see Charlie on he phone . he barely look up as tasha approach the counter . natasha hey . Charlie finish with he text and finally look up . his eye be red and swollen . natasha ( cont ’d ) wow ! that thing 's gonna be black and blue by morning . Charlie raise he hand and touch he eye self - consciously . his knuckle be bruise too . charlie Daniel 's not here . natasha I know . I be hope you could help I find he . do you have he cell phone number ? Charlie lean back in he chair . charlie you two get into a fight ? natasha do you have it or not ? he flip he phone end over end . charlie what 's you deal ? you get a Korean boy fetish or something ? natasha Charlie . please . I have something important I need to tell he . charlie tell I why I should . tasha think ... natasha well , think about how much trouble I will cause for you brother . he 's in love with I . ( more ) 81 . natasha ( cont 'd ) you give I he number , he chase after I and you can just sit back and enjoy the show while you parent freak out on he . it 's like you say -- it 'il take all the heat off you . Charlie throw he head back and laugh . charlie that 's a pretty decent pitch . Charlie take a beat , consider this . then he pull up the number and show it to a surprised tasha . ext . new york STREET / ext . harlem STREET - minute later intercut as necessary : Daniel stare down at a number he do not recognize on he phone . answer it anyway . daniel hello ? natasha be this Daniel ? daniel natasha ? natasha yes , it 's I . you brother give I you number . daniel Charlie ? yeah , right . who be this ? natasha Daniel , it 's I . it 's really I . Daniel stand up , move away from Omar . daniel why be you call I ? natasha just give I a chance to explain . Daniel be still hurt from they fight . 82. daniel be you sure I be not a not a waste of time ? natasha come on , Daniel . it 's complicated . meet I somewhere . please ? off Daniel 's look , he 's soften . ext . 2 nd ave - manhattan - day montage of natasha and Daniel walk and talk through the city . natasha be explain she deportation situation to Daniel . quickly cut , this scene be set to a bittersweet musical theme . Daniel digest she story . daniel and I think my home life be complicated . what 's the good news again ? natasha oh , a new lawyer think he can get the order reverse ... daniel do that mean -- natasha I might not have to leave tomorrow . daniel ( beam ) what ? seriously ? no way ! Daniel lift tasha off she foot and spin she around . natasha he be not a hundred - percent sure , but there 's a chance . daniel I can not believe it . Daniel hold tasha . they eye meet . Daniel tilt forward . before he can kiss she , she pull away with excitement . natasha I get a idea . she take he hand and lead he towards ... 83. ext . roosevelt island tram station - manhattan - day the little Roosevelt Island tram car glide over the East River and into the station . natasha and Daniel buy ticket . int . roosevelt island tram - dusk the tram be empty but for Daniel and tasha . all of New York be in view . a breathtaking panorama . daniel last time I be on this thing be in second grade . and there be a old guy who smell like tuna fish . natasha I hate tuna fish . daniel right ? now I have get a idea . Daniel scroll a playlist on he phone and press play . we hear purple rain by Prince : tasha smile . he 's cute . his strike look illuminate by the set sun . she look awkwardly at the floor , then out the window , laugh . he take she hand , pull she close . they dance slowly in the middle of the sky . the music plays as we sweep around the car , all of New York City glimmer around they . natasha be it gonna hurt if I kiss you ? daniel it will be a good pain . she pull he in . then , a kiss like no other . spark fly . tasha open she eye . she pull back . natasha all we kiss be not go to be like that be they ? daniel like what ? natasha you know . insane . Daniel smile . 84 . daniel I do not know ... maybe we should try it again and see . they kiss again , hold one another as the music continue to play . the entire city light up at night . light twinkle in the surround skyscraper , like star in the sky . ext . roosevelt island - dock - night Manhattan glow across the East River . tasha rest on Daniel 's chest , wrap in he arm . daniel it 's get late . be you parent go to be worried about you ? natasha they be okay ... tell they I be with bev tonight . what about you parent ? daniel I 'il deal with they later . tonight 's about we . natasha in that case ... get any more of that question for I ? daniel you be not in love with I yet ? natasha ( smile ) nope . daniel do not worry . we have get time now . tasha nuzzle further into Daniel 's warm body . daniel ( cont 'd ) how about the dinner guest question ? natasha you mean who I would invite ? daniel yup. 85 . natasha easy . Carl sagan . daniel who ? natasha you would like he ... a scientist anda writer . it be almost romantic how much he love the universe . ( then ) people think science be so cold , but it be not true . it actually make you appreciate you life . daniel meaning ... tasha smile , shift she gaze upward to the heaven . natasha think about it ... the universe be 99.99999 % empty space . nothing but rock and burn star spread out over a billion galaxy -- and yet here we be , the two of we together , look out at the universe . we win the cosmic lottery just by be bear ... the time we have on this earth be extraordinary . it 's up to we to make the most of it . Daniel be speechless . charme by she word . they lock eye . daniel I want to make the most of everything ... with you . Daniel 's instinct take over . he kiss she . a shoot STAR begin a timelapse of the night sky , end as the sun rise above the New York skyline . ext . roosevelt island - dock - day tasha 's already up , watch the sunrise . Daniel 's alarm go off , waking he . tasha greet he with a kiss . tasha good morning . 86 . daniel I could get use to waking up like this . how long have you be up ? tasha I want to see the sunrise . it 's a perfect morning . Daniel join she . they look out to the city together . a beat . then , a hint of dread on Daniel 's face . daniel I would better go . my interview 's in a hour . tasha I be come with you . ext . fitzgerald's build - morning Daniel hesitates at the entryway before go inside . tasha wait ? what be we do here ? daniel my interview 's in the same building as you appointment . look like we have trade place . tasha really ? what be the odd ? daniel I keep tell you -- tasha do not say it . daniel I will not rub it in this time . will you wait for I ? of course she will . tasha step closer , straighten he tie for he . Daniel dust off he pants . daniel ( cont 'd ) how do I look ? natasha like a poet in a suit . tasha peck he on the cheek . 87. natasha ( cont ’d ) you get this ! Daniel take a deep breath and head in . natasha hang back . int . fitzgerald's build - hallway - moment later Daniel tap on the door . silence . he try the handle . lock . Daniel sigh . almost relieved . then ... fitzgerald ( 0.s. ) Daniel bae . Daniel press he ear to the door . check the handle again . daniel ( into the door ) hello ? fitzgerald ( 0.s. ) behind you . pull back to reveal fitzgerald , watch Daniel talk to the door . Daniel look back and straighten up . daniel oh -- umm ... hi. fitzgerald Jeremy fitzgerald . daniel Mr. fitzgerald . it 's nice to meet you . fitzgerald unlock the door and open it wide . daniel ( cont 'd ) sorry ... I think -- fitzgerald no , I be late . come in and have a seat . int . jeremy fitzgerald's office - continuous fitzgerald look over Daniel 's application as he move to he desk . Daniel sit and see a file on the desk . '' natasha kingsley . '' Daniel stare , shocked . 88 . daniel ( interrupt ) be you a immigration lawyer ? fitzgerald I be . why ? daniel I think I know one of you client . Daniel pick up tasha 's file and fitzgerald immediately snatch it back . fitzgerald do not touch that . it 's privileged . he pull it as far away from Daniel as possible . daniel sorry . you ... you save my life . fitzgerald what be you talk about ? daniel I meet she -- natasha - - yesterday . just a handful of hour ago she say she be be deport , but then she meet with you and you do you lawyer magic , and now she 's go to stay . fitzgerald and how do that save you life ? daniel she 's the one . fitzgerald do not you say you just meet she yesterday ? daniel yup . fitzgerald and you know she 's the one ? fitzgerald stare at Daniel skeptically . fitzgerald ( cont 'd ) why be you here ? 89 . daniel um , I be here for my admission interview ? fitzgerald no , really . why be you here ? you obviously do not care about this interview . you postpone it and now you show up here in wrinkle clothes , look like you have be in a brawl . it 's a serious question . why do you come here ? Daniel take a deep breath . daniel honestly ? my parent make I . so I guess I have to be here . fitzgerald no , you do not . you can just get up and walk out that door . daniel I owe it to my parent . fitzgerald why ? daniel ( sigh ) my parent be immigrant . they work all the time so my brother and I can have the american dream . nowhere in the american dream do it say you can skip college and become a starve artist . fitzgerald it say whatever you want it to . daniel not in my family it do not . if I do not do this , I get cut off . no fund for college . no nothing . fitzgerald would they really do that ? Daniel flash back to the image of he father 's face as he give Daniel the ultimatum . daniel yes . he would . fitzgerald so I guess you have to be sure this artist life be worth it . daniel have not you ever do something only because you be obligate to ? just because you make a promise ? fitzgerald 's eye drift away . fitzgerald meeting you obligation be the definition of adulthood , kid . and today , I have to make a call that I do not want to have to make . he pull out natasha 's file . fitzgerald ( cont 'd ) I could not do it . daniel do what ? fitzgerald stop she deportation . ( off Daniel 's look ) you natasha ... she 's go to be deport today . I be sorry , kid . Daniel stare down at the file , incredulous . fitzgerald ( cont 'd ) I try everything -- daniel you do not try hard enough . fitzgerald listen , I know you be upset . daniel it 's not she fault she dad mess up . she 's be here all of she life . America be she home ! fitzgerald I wish there be something I could do . I be plan on call she after you and I be do here . 91 . daniel you be just go to call she and tell she over the phone ? fitzgerald do it matter how she hear it ? daniel of course it matter . I do not want she to have she heart break by someone she barely know . Daniel walk out , into the empty reception area . fitzgerald follow . fitzgerald so that 's it ? no more interview ? daniel you say it yourself . I do not really care about Yale . fitzgerald look , Daniel , Yale 's a big deal . go there could open a lot of door for you . it do for I . daniel and you be still not happy . fitzgerald what 's another half a hour to finish this interview ? daniel time count , Mr. fitzgerald ... but you know that already . Daniel storm off in search of natasha . ext . fitzgerald's office build - day Daniel walk through the slide glass door . his face be grim . tasha take notice . natasha what happen ? a beat . daniel I really love you . 92 . natasha Daniel , what 's wrong ? daniel you do not have to say it back , but I really do . I just want you to know it . tasha 's phone ring . it 's fitzgerald 's office . daniel ( cont 'd ) do not answer it . natasha I have to -- daniel please do not . his tone alarm she . tasha let it go to voicemail . natasha what happen in there ? daniel you can not stay here ... ( beat , then ) my interviewer be you lawyer . natasha fitzgerald ? Daniel nod . natasha ( cont ’d ) what do he say ? daniel he could not get the order overturn . natasha but he say he could do it ! Daniel 's squeeze she hand and try to pull she in , but tasha push he away . natasha ( cont ’d ) be you sure ? why be you even talk about I ? daniel you file be on he desk . 93. he grab she hand again . tasha pull it back forcefully . natasha stop . just stop ! daniel I be sorry . natasha just tell I what he say . exactly . daniel he say the deportation order stand . you and you family have to leave . today . tasha sit on the edge of the fountain . Daniel join she . daniel ( cont 'd ) what be we go to do ? natasha I should go home . Flight 's this afternoon . daniel I nil go with you . ( off she look ) I mean to you house . natasha I do not think that 's a good idea . my parent be there and I have too much to do . you 's 1ll just get in the way . he stand up and hold out he hand for hers . daniel here 's what we be not go to do . we be not go to argue . we be not go to pretend that this be not the worst thing on earth , because it be . I be go with you to you parent 's house . I be go to look at the place where you sleep and eat and live and wish that I have know just a little sooner that you be right here . ( beat , then ) be that okay with you ? tasha nod yes . they start walk toward the subway station . 33 94 , int . natasha 's build - hallway - day Daniel fidget with he suit . tasha feign a smile . daniel should I take my jacket off ? I feel like a idiot . natasha you do not have to be nervous . daniel I be go to meet you parent . now 's as good a time to be nervous as any . he unbutton the jacket but do not take it off . natasha the good thing be , you can screw up all you want . you will probably never see they again . int . natasha 's apartment - continuous 33 tasha cautiously step in , follow by Daniel . Peter pack suitcase as he sway to loud dancehall music . mrs . kingsley turn that music off . Peter do just that as tasha 's Mom see she . mrs . kingsley ( cont 'd ) lawd , ' tasha . I be call and call you for -- Mrs. kingsley notice Daniel and pause . mrs . kingsley ( cont ’d ) who 's this ? natasha this be Daniel . Mrs. kingsley zeroe in . examine Daniel more closely . daniel sorry to meet you under this circumstance , Mrs. kingsley . Daniel shake Mrs. kingsley 's hand , then Peter greet he . 95 . peter ( smile wide ) ' tasha 's never bring a boy here before . Mrs. kingsley wave tasha to the side . mrs . kingsley ' tasha , I need to talk to you . natasha be it about Daniel ? because if it be , we can just do it right here . he 's my boyfriend . Mr. kingsley walk in as the word leave tasha 's lip . mr . kingsley since when do you have a boyfriend ? that 's what you be do all day and night instead of help you family pack up ? natasha no . what I be do be try to fix you mistake . mr . kingsley it do not look nothing like that to I . ( turn to Daniel ) you know the situation ? Daniel nod . mr . kingsley ( cont ’d ) then you know that now 's not the time for stranger to be here . natasha he 's not a stranger . he 's my guest . mr . kingsley and this be my house -- natasha be you house . you be not responsible enough of a father to keep it , remember ? or maybe you could not handle the responsibility of be a father at all ... mr . kingsley what 's that suppose to mean ? 96 . natasha I hear what you tell mom after the play -- mrs . kingsley baby . there 's no point in rehash all this now . mr . kingsley no , man . no , man . I want hear what she have to say to I . just as father and daughter square off . Daniel interject . daniel tasha , you do not have to -- Mr. kingsley push Daniel back . mr . kingsley say what you have to say , tasha ! tasha look at Daniel , she want to do this . she step up to she father . natasha I hear what you say about I and Peter ... that we be you great regret . how could you say that about you own child ? the steam come out of Mr. kingsley 's engine . he search futilely for word ... natasha ( cont ’d ) I be sorry that life do not give you all the thing you want . mr . kingsley I do not mean it ' tasha . it be just talk . all of it be just -- she hold up she hand to stop he . tear pool in Mr. kingsley 's eye . natasha maybe you be right . maybe you be not mean to have we . maybe you really be cheat . mr . kingsley ( shaking he head ) be just talk ' tasha . I really do not mean nothing by it . 97 . natasha it do not matter if you mean it or not . hear you say that word spoiled all the good memory I do have of we . make I wonder , do you regret my existence when we be watch cricket match together ? eat mint chocolate chip ice cream after school ? what about the day I be bear ? tear stream from natasha 's face . Daniel hold she . she pull free from he , continue . natasha ( cont ’d ) but I decide , you do not get to regret we . people make mistake all the time . small one , like get in the wrong checkout line . and big one like give up ... I see the play . that night , on stage you be incredible . but in real life , all you have do be quit on you family . leave the rest of we to pick up where you leave off . Mrs. kingsley 's cry now too . Peter walk into she arm for a hug . mr . kingsley ' tasha , I be sorry . you should have never hear that word from my mouth . when we come here , it be suppose to be different ... but America have never be what they say it be gonna be for I . I can not stand see you mother work she finger to the bone day in and day out anymore than I can stand the hole in you brother 's sneaker . we be immigrant , tasha . how can I be a man when the rest of the world say that I be not ? tasha wipe she brother 's face . comfort he . replies . natasha you decide who you be , that 's how . that 's why we come here , not for handout , but to make we own life . Mr. kingsley hold he head in he hand . ashame . tasha approach , gently lay a hand on he shoulder . 34 98. natasha ( cont ’d ) dad , I know what it cost you to bring we here . but just because it get hard , do not mean we do not still need you . when we get to Jamaica , you can not give up . you can be a father . a husband . and a actor all at once . it 's up to you . she hug he . Mrs. kingsley and Peter join in . natasha ( v.o . ) it be not exactly the end I be hope for this morning , but at least we be on we way to be a family again . tasha sniff , then motion for Daniel . together as one , they embrace . ext./ int . cab - day 34 Peter look out from the back of a cab as it drive off with tasha 's family . on the curb , a cabbie load tasha 's suitcase into the trunk of another cab . tasha finish a facetime with bev as Daniel climb into the backseat . bev ( on the phone ) I be book my flight now ! Christmas in Jamaica be a thing , right ? natasha ( on the phone ) ( laugh ) yes , I believe so . ( beat ) I be so sorry , bev . it all happen so fast . the cabbie get inside the car . natasha ( cont ’d ) I have to go . i’1l call you soon as I land . Love you . tasha hang up , then get in the cab . int . cab - day natasha look out the window , soaking up she bronx neighborhood one final time . then she lay she head on Daniel 's shoulder . 99 . natasha do you think we would have work out if I stay ? daniel no question . do you ? natasha yes . Daniel smile . natasha ( cont ’d ) how hard would it have be for you parent ? daniel it would take they a long time . long for my dad . I do not think they have have come to we wedding . natasha I have something to tell you . daniel what 's that ? natasha you should not go to Yale and be a doctor if you heart 's not in it . if you want to be a poet and write you heart out , do that . there 's still time . daniel what about do the practical thing ? natasha practicality be overrate . daniel do that mean you do not want to be a data scientist anymore ? natasha I do not know . maybe not . you get I think . it have be nice to do something I be actually passionate about , like study the star . Daniel turn to she , surprised . 100 . daniel what a difference a day make . they be silent for a long beat . natasha so , how many more question do we have leave ? he take out he phone . he laugh . daniel just one . and we still have to stare into each other 's eye for four minute . natasha we could do that or ... we could just make out instead . cabbie you guy know I can hear you , right ? ( through the rearview mirror ) I can see you too . tasha and Daniel join in . daniel okay , last question . of all the people in you family , whose death would you find the most disturbing , and why ? natasha my dad . daniel why he ? natasha because he 's not do yet . what about you ? daniel your . natasha I be not you family , though . 101 . daniel yes , you be . in some other universe maybe we be marry , with two kid , or maybe two cat . natasha you always find the right word . ( beat ) you ’1ll make a great poet . Daniel take this in . the cab pull to the curb . ext . airport - day tasha and Daniel stand at the curb , try they best to keep it together . Prince 's '' I would die for you '' start play on the radio inside the cab . daniel you hear that ? tasha crack a somber smile . daniel ( cont 'd ) Three time in one day ... what be the odd ? Daniel wink . tasha soften . daniel ( cont 'd ) so ...are you ready for the finale ? Daniel set he phone timer for four minute then take both natasha 's hand in he . daniel ( cont 'd ) I be not sure if we be suppose to hold hand during this part but -- why not . the clock run . they stare into each other 's eye , giggle a little at first . tasha look away but Daniel squeeze she hand just enough to get she to focus . as she stare in he eye ... natasha ( v.o. ) Daniel believe this be fate ... that everything align for we to be in the right place at just the right time . I do not know that this be fate . ( more ) 102 . natasha ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) but I do know that a lot of event have to transpire for we to be stand here , right now , in the middle of this vast universe . that 's amazing . they continue to stare , less self - conscious . they smile drift away as they catalog each other 's face . tasha relive all the moment that lead they here : natasha ( v.o. ) because if I have not be late to my appointment , I would not have meet lester barne . and if he have not say the word ‘irie , 's I would not have have a meltdown . and if I have not have my meltdown , I would not have eventually meet Daniel . as she speak , we see glimpse of the day . natasha ( v.o. ) and if I have not meet Daniel , I may have never know this feel that 's take over I right now . this feel that can only be -- the phone timer buzy , bring tasha back to reality . natasha love. ( beat , then ) I love you , Daniel bae . daniel I guess the questionnaire work . tasha 's phone ring . she look down . it 's she mom . daniel ( cont 'd ) you have to go ... she nod . but neither one of they move . natasha I do not know how to say goodbye . Daniel 's eye mist . daniel then do not ... on tasha 's face , she have to . 103 . daniel ( cont 'd ) this day can not be all there be . it just can not -- before he can finish , tasha pull he into a long , final hug . then she reluctantly let he go . natasha bye , Daniel . tasha turn and walk off , leave Daniel look on , heartbroken , as she disappear inside the airport . int . cab - day Daniel get in a cab and shut the door . slump in he seat . cabbie where to ? daniel I do not care . just drive . int . airport - ticket counter - day natasha and she family check they bag . mrs . kingsley get out you id 's . tasha search she purse , absentmindedly . her heart still with Daniel . int . / ext . airport - various location - day the cab approach two path : one to exit the airport , the other to return to the terminal . Daniel look back and forth between the two path . then suddenly sit up . daniel can you please circle back ? cabbie do you forget something ? daniel yes , sir . something really important . the cabbie take the terminal exit and they circle back . 104 . int . airport - continuous natasha and she family enter the long tsa security line . close on she ticket . one way . ext . airport - continuous the taxi pull up to tasha 's terminal . Daniel hand the cabbie a few buck and then take off run . int . airport - continuous Daniel sprint through the airport , search for tasha . ticketing area —- continuous Daniel panting heavily , hair in he face . no tasha . he look up ... on the departure board country from all over the world . he find the flight to Jamaica . Daniel note the gate . dart off . int . tsa security checkpoint - continuous tasha and she family wait they turn in the tsa line . on daniel search the crowded line for she . no tasha . then finally ... he spot a familiar afro in the crowd of people . he slow to a brisk walk , fix he hair , then duck under the stretch barrier , cut the line . close on natasha she 's lose in she own world , head down . forlorn . then ... daniel ( 0.s. ) ' tasha ! she turn at the sound of she name . angle on daniel his eye go wide ... 105 . it 's tasha ! she look on at Daniel , in disbelief . natasha what be you do here ? daniel marry I . then you can legally stay . natasha marry you ? you can not be serious . ( off he look ) you be . daniel you love I , right ? be not that what you just say ? natasha I do , but -- daniel so we will elope and we ’1ll move somewhere cheap ... I will get a crappy job and write at night ... and you can finish school and graduate with you friend and then become a data scientist or -- a astronomer ! you can do whatever you want , tasha . just stay . natasha Daniel ... listen . I do really love you . but we have to be smart . we have only know each other for a day . a day . you keep say we be mean to be , but what if we be not ? a announcement drown she out . gate agent ( v.o. ) ( loudspeaker ) this be the board call for flight 436 to Jamaica ... time 's up . tear gather in tasha 's eye . she take Daniel by the hand . natasha right now , this be real life . the plane wait on the tarmac to send I and my family back to Jamaica be very real . I try to stay ... ( more ) 106 . natasha ( cont 'd ) I try everything and I fail , and now that 's it . I have to go . tasha let a single tear fall down she face . Daniel wipe it off . they stand face - to- face in the security line . daniel I do not want to lose you . natasha what happen next be up to we . we decide we fate . there 's facetime , email , skype ... we will figure it out . we be not go to give up , okay ? tasha plant a final kiss on Daniel 's cheek , then rejoin she family in the security line . Daniel look on , distraught . int . tasha 's plane - dusk tasha stare out the window as the sun begin to set . her mother pat she arm reassuringly . mrs . kingsley it 's go to be okay , tasha . you will see ... tasha manage a small smile . the plane ascend into the night sky . tasha look out the window watch the city fade . natasha ( v.o . ) from up here , the city light look like earth -bound star . and I know one of that star be Daniel ... int . airtrain - dusk Daniel sit on a train , watch a plane take off . be it tasha 's ? he take out he notebook and start to write . daniel ( v.o. ) you come to I from another world . he look out the window as the airport fade into the distance . daniel ( v.o. , cont 'd ) from beyond the star and void of space . transcendent . pure . of unimaginable beauty . 107 . int . tasha 's plane - dusk natasha look out the window at the city below . the plane climb higher and higher , into the cloud . daniel ( v.o. ) you be the master alchemist . you light the fire of love in earth and sky in heart and soul . int . airtrain - dusk Daniel gaze out the window at all the building light up with people inside , in they home . daniel ( v.o. ) through you star ... all opposite unite . more than a star . int . tasha 's plane - dusk natasha 's face look out at the horizon . the glow of the sun hit she face just as it set . daniel ( v.o. ) you be my sun . ext . airtrain - night drone shot of the little train snake through queen at night . the Manhattan skyline glimmer in the background . daniel ( v.o . ) my mom 's gonna be piss when I get home . and that 's fine . because this time next year , I 'il be someplace else . I do not know where , but not here . and not Yale either . be I make a mistake ? maybe . but it 's mine to make . bedroom - night split screen : the two share storey of they day via skype . natasha ( v.o. ) over the next year , we try hard to make it work ... 108 . int . kingston high school - classroom - day tasha 's teacher hand she a exam back . it 's a '' a . '' her new jamaican bestie see the '' a '' and give tasha a smile . in she bag , she phone light up . a miss call from Daniel . natasha ( v.o. ) but time and distance be love 's natural enemy . ext . hunter college - day Daniel sprint from the building , hop on he bike and pedal furiously . natasha ( v.o. ) and the day be full . int . NYC restaurant - night Daniel run in , throw on he waiter apron and get ready for he shift . nod to Omar who 's take a dish out into the dining room . in he bag , he phone ring . a facetime request from tasha that go unanswer . daniel ( v.o. ) it 's not that I want to let she go ... I have to . ext . jamaican town - night tasha and she new friend walk through a small town , have a good time . they be surround by little store and merchant sell they ware . she laugh at a cute boy be joke . daniel ( v.o . ) it be not possible for she to live in two world simultaneously . heart in one place , body in another . int . bookstore OPEN mic - night Daniel , now in he early 20' , new hair cut , still sexy , stand at the mic , visibly nervous , read he poem . daniel you be the master alchemist . you light the fire of love in earth and sky in heart and soul . 109 . natasha ( v.o. ) I let go of Daniel to avoid be rip apart . int . astrophysics lab - day tasha , now in she early 20' , engage she CO - worker in a passionate discussion at work . daniel ( v.o. ) and as more year pass , we both enter the adult world of practicality and responsibility ... ext . daniel 's apartment - day Daniel read a rejection letter from a publishing company . he 's heartbroken . natasha ( v.o. ) when my mom die , I think of he ... int . tasha 's apartment - day later , still wear she black funeral dress , tasha look at the noreb selfie of she and Daniel . natasha ( v.o. ) the magic of that day ... int . second coming record store - day Daniel walk in . daniel ( v.o. ) +.- all the little coincidence it take to get we to meet and fall in love . Daniel peruse the aisle . daniel ( v.o. ) tasha often talk about the number of event that have to go exactly right to form we universe . she have say fall in love could not compete . 110 . Daniel pick up Lou reed 's '' transformer , '' smile . daniel ( v.o. ) but I have always think she be wrong about that ... int . airplane - night chyron : five year later a female flight attendant walk down the aisle check on passenger . in the b.g. , we see a pair of headphone atop a big curly afro that 's be dyed pink at the end . daniel ( v.o. ) maybe we Universe be just take longer to form ... we move in . it 's natasha , sit in the aisle seat . a little girl ( 6 ) color in she book of the cosmos next to she . the girl meticulously detail a image of a STAR with a yellow crayon . we hear Prince 's '' purple rain '' come from tasha 's headphone . the Little girl tap natasha 's shoulder . little girl what be you listen to ? natasha just something I like to play when I travel . do you want to hear it ? the girl nods . tasha put the headphone over she ear . natasha hum along to the music . a young man seat in front of they turn around . he peer back at they , he face obscure by the seat . after a verse and a chorus or so , the Little girl give the headphone back to tasha . little girl it 's nice , but I prefer beyonce . natasha ( laugh ) it remind I of someone . the cutest smile you have ever see from the Little girl . 111 . little girl be it a boy ? natasha maybe ... little girl do you love he ? young man ( 0.s. ) of course she do ... tasha look up . reveal Daniel bae stand there , five year older , stare she right in the face . natasha Daniel ? natasha smile wide . Daniel smile back . natasha ( cont ’d ) Daniel . they eye meet as both tasha and Daniel keep beam . neither believe what they be see be real . but it be . despite the odd , this be mean to be . it be in the star . fade out .