book of the dead " the ultimate experience in grueling terror " by Sam raimi 10/13/79 scene coding Interior - I exterior - E Day - D night - N twilight - T location coding car - car B - Bridge cab - surround area outside cabin W - Woods m.r. - Main room d.r. - dining room k - Kitchen C - cellar w.s. - work shed l.b. - Linda 's bedroom s.b. - shelly 's bedroom c.b. - Cheryl 's bedroom b.t.r - bathroom example 12 id - d.r . translation scene # 12 , Interior , Day , dining room 1 ed - W something evil be lurking deep withing the wood moun - tain of Tennessee , and the camera take its point of view . rising from a swampy bog , the mud slide from view allow it to see early morning mist hang about the forest . creep silently past tree , glide over small shrub , it move onward through the wood until a mammoth oak rest directly in its path . the tree be uproote by this unseen force , and fall with a deafen crash . 2 ed - car near by , a stretch of highway curve along the base of a mountain . the road wind off into oblivion beyond other peak . from behind view , the rumble of a engine can be hear . it be a large log truck head south . move away , the truck become smaller until finally it disap - pear in the distance . from where the truck emerge , a dilapidate gold 1973 oldsmobile come into view . 3 id - car Inside , five people can be see . they be couple ashly and linda , scott and shelly , and cheryl , ashly 's sister . both scott and shelly wear " Michigan State " t-shirt , and be student along with the other at that univer - sity . scott be drive and shelly sit next to he up front . ashly , linda and cheryl be in back . they listen to a old " baby mose and the thrillers " song on the radio , and shelly be slapping the dash board as if it be a drum . shelly ( sing with the music ) ... together , forever ... scott ash , where be we ? ashly I will tell ya in a second . now we be still on seventy - five just past the county border ... 4 ed - W once again , the camera take the point of view of the dark and brood force which stop atop a forest ridge to peer downward . its view focus upon the 1973 old - mobile speed along the narrow highway below . 5 id - car ashly trace a route on the map with he finger . ashly ... which would put we ... which would put we ... scott Jesus Christ , just tell we already will ya ? ashly zeroe in on the map with he finger . ashly ... right ... scott be grow impatient . ashly ... right ... scott yes ? ashly here ! suddenly , the radio stop , and the steering wheel jerk from scott 's hand . 6 ed - car the car screetch out of control into the opposite lane . a large oncoming tanker truck with its horn scream race toward the car on a collision coarse . 7 id - car shelly scotty , watch out ! 8 ed - car the truck race closer . 9 id - car they steering wheel be lock . ashly turn ! 10 ed - car at the last possible instant , scott 's wheel again can be control , and the car swerve sharply back into its own lane . 11 ed - car the truck speed harmlessly past they . 12 id - car ashly damn it Scott , what the hell be that ? you try to kill we ? scott do not yell at I , it 's you lousy steering wheel . the damn thing jerk right out of my hand . ashly I can not understand it . I just have this thing in for a tune - up . shelly Radio 's dead too , ace . ashly and I just have them tune up the whole thing yesterday . scott well , then take it back ' cause the damn thing do not work . only thing that work on the whole car be the lousy horn . scott honk the horn . 13 ed - car several local men walk down the highway respond to the horn by wave . 14 id - car scott yell out the window at they . scott aw , go to hell , I be not wave at ya ! he look in the rear view mirror . the men be still wave - ing in the distance . scott turn back to drive . scott Jesus Christ . shelly turn around in the front seat and hold up a pint of scotch . shelly well , I would like to make a toast . to Scott who almost kill we . scott aw , eat shit and die will ya ? shelly and the other laugh . shelly okay , okay - then to a wild week - end in a wonderful cabin with good friend , ( she glance at scott ) provide we live that long . shelly cooly drink from the scotch and pass the bottle back to ashly and linda . ashly pour linda a drink in the bottle cap and keep the bottle . they raise they drink . ashly and linda ... with good friend . they toast , drink and react to the strong liquor . ashly try to hide he reaction to the scotch in front of linda , since shelly have react so calmly . ashly pass the bottle to cheryl who stop he with a polite " no , thank you , " then back up front to scott . linda hey scotty , what 's this place like anyway ? scott well , the guy that 's rent it say it 's a old place , little run down , but it 's right up in the mountain - totally secluded . ( he take a drink from the bottle ) best part be , we get it so cheap . linda why be we get it so cheap ? scott I do not know , might be in real bad shape . cheryl you mean nobody 's see this place yet ? scott not yet . ashly might not be too bad . linda no ... ashly actually , it might be very nice . linda yeah ... shelly it 's probably a real pit . cheryl I can not believe that we be rent a place for a week - end that nobody 's see . scott ( mumbling to himself ) Jesus Christ , not this again ... cheryl ( turn to ashly ) you know , mom and dad would never let we go up to a place like this if they know - ashly - which be exactly why they do not know . I will tell you who I be gonna call . the guy that fix up this car . 15 ed - car the car approach a exit along the highway . 16 id - car ashly glance at the map again . ashly hey , I think this be where we get off . 17 ed - car the car turn off the main highway and follow several back road until it approach a narrow dirt lane that wind upward along a twin set of mountain . 18 id - car scott glance up to the peak . scott this mountain seem familiar . linda what do they remind you of ? some - thing majestic ? adventure ? scott yeah , more like adventure . linda any adventure in particular ? scott shelly 's sweater . ashly and scott laugh out loud . linda laugh quietly , and cheryl let out a embarass giggle to herself . shelly ( teasing ) oooh , you be gonna get it scotty , when you least expect it , you be gonna get it good . 19 ed - B finally , the car arrive at a wooden bridge extend over a great chasm . carefully , the vehicle cross . 20 ed - cab it be late afternoon when they eventually arrive at they destination . the small wooden cabin be surround by thick dark wood . scott shut off the car but it contin - ues to sputter and backfire . 21 id - car ashly react to he car . ashly I ... I send them a check for the tune - up . but I be just not pay for it . linda this place be perfect . cheryl the wood come awfully close to the house do not they ? scott so what 's wrong with the wood , they can not bite ya . cheryl it 's just a little claustrophobic that 's all . linda well , I think it 's beautiful . shelly I too , it 's gonna be a bomb week - end . 22 ed - cab scott move to the front door of the cabin where he find a small ring of key conceal on the shelf above the door . ashly unload the car to the other . scott it 's suppose to be one of this on here . after try several key , he be able to unlock the door . 23 id - m.r. the interior of the cabin be completely dark . scott open the door and stand silhouett in the doorway for a moment , then enter to find the light switch . the illumination reveal floor , wall , and ceiling make of cedar . there be two small bedroom , a kitchen , and the main room which contain a stone fireplace set into the wall . a old grandfather clock stand silently in one corner , partially hide in the shadow . a door in the rear of the cabin lead to a small work shed contain a work bench and a assortment of tool upon the wall . locate centrally in the main room be a trap door lead to the cellar . this catch scott 's eye . scott hey , this place have a dungeon . cheryl put down a case of art supplies , and move over to scott by the trap door . he unlock a chain secure the trap door with one of he key and hand the ring to shelly . scott put this back will you ? shelly leave with the key , and scott try to open the hatch but cannot . scott they nail it shut . cheryl good , I do not like cellar . probably just some garbage down there anyways . scott Cheryl , they do not nail garbage in cellar . I mean it 's not go to try and get out or anything . cheryl well , what 's down there ? scott well , could be any number of thing . Old baseball card , mushroom , dead body - linda hey , look at this ! linda be stand in the corner next to the old grand - father clock . she reposition a balance weight , and it begin to tick . linda ta daaaaaa ! the other applaud and whistle . linda smile . 24 ET - cab the cabin be see from the outside . twilight have come . 25 it - m.r. cheryl sit alone in the live room near the window . she be draw sketches of the old clock . as she work , the tick stop unexpectedly . cheryl put down she pencil and look up to the clock . it stand silently in the cor - ner with its hand freeze in position . there be a rust - ling from the wood . cheryl look out the window but can see only the tree . something be move outside , yet be - main hide within the forest . a gust of wind fill the room . cheryl glance down at she hand . it turn a pale white and begin to shake and jerk about uncontrollably . she stare on incredulously as she hand , guide by some unseen force pick up the pencil and begin to sketch a figure upon she pad . the wind gale through the open window but die down slowly as she hand complete the draw . whatever be at the edge of the wood have now retreat further into they . her hand lose the pale cast and be now under control once more . cheryl pick up she pad of paper . the likeness of a book with some form of ancient write on its cover have be sketch . she look to the wood which be now silent . a snap of wood be hear from the cellar . cheryl quickly turn to the trap door still nail shut in the floor . pos - sibly just a mouse , but she fix she gaze upon it . another sound , almost like faint breathe come from the cellar . 26 it - k/m.r . ashly and linda enter from the kitchen . ashly be drink - ing a beer and move over to cheryl . he stand between she and the trap door . ashly what be you draw Cheryl ? he pick up the piece of paper . linda look over he shoulder to glance at it . cheryl I ... I do not know . ashly be it a bible ? cheryl no , no it 's no bible . ( she glance again at the cellar , know some - thing be down there ) I do not know what it be . linda well , this one of the clock 's not bad . linda pick up the sketch and walk over to the clock with it a few step away . she stand compare it to the real thing with she back to cheryl and ashly . she be only a few inch from the trap door , and cheryl want to call out in warning when ashly kneel in front of she to speak secretly . ashly ( in a whisper ) I get it right here . he tap something in he shirt pocket . cheryl be look past he pay no attention . she watch only linda 's foot , wait for whatever be in the cellar to grab they . linda look at the draw in comparison . linda Cheryl , this be really good . I like how you do the number in that wood - ish style . ashly produce a small box from he shirt and open it quickly to show cheryl . it contain a gold pendant on a necklace . linda take a step closer to the clock . she be now stand almost upon the trap door . although nail shut , it open slightly , pull the nail with it . cheryl gasp . ashly be pleased with she response . ashly ( still in a whisper ) I know you would like it . quickly , he place it back in he shirt and touch he lip with a finger to indicate the secrecy of he sup - rise . linda return with the sketch and place it back on cheryl 's small draw table . linda it 's really good Cheryl . very close to the origional . cheryl ( in a relieved whisper ) yes , very close . linda I be gonna check dinner . linda return to the kitchen and ashly turn to cheryl . ashly you better get wash up . I will see ya in there . he wink , then follow linda into the kitchen . cheryl again look at the cellar . slowly , from she point of view , the camera move in toward the trap door , wait - ing ... wait . 27 it - k a blender scream as it mix up a drink in the kitchen . shelly shut it off and carry it to the dining room . 28 it - d.r. she join the other who be now seat at the dinner table and serve the mixture . scott sit between linda and cheryl . he lean over to cheryl . scott ( in a whisper ) Dead body in the cellar , dead body in the cellar ... cheryl will you stop it ? linda Scott , leave she alone will ya ? scott turn toward linda . scott will you relax , I be just kid around . she can take a joke - he stop talk as he hear the trickle of water . he turn to see cheryl finish pour a glass of water in he lap . the other laugh . scott be silent for a moment , then begin chuckle to himself . he turn to cheryl . scott ( jokingly ) I will get ya . with a napkin , he blot the water from he pants . scott I will get ya for this Cheryl . ashly stand with he drink and raise the glass . ashly I would like to make a toast for all here this evening . as a greek friend of mine once say , " nis-hat- nis - feet - dis -ruben- tu-tar - im . " linda which mean ? scott Party down ! the laughter be stifle by a loud snap and crack of wood hear from the main room . scott what the hell ... all stand from the table and hurry to the main room . 29 in - m.r. the nail that hold down the trap door have be rip out , and although still in tact , the hatch be wide open . they stand silently in front of it , look blank as to what could have do this . cheryl be slighly more nervous than the other . ashly be the first to speak . ashly ( slowly ) what be this ? scott whatever it be , it 's still down there . cheryl I do not like cellar , let 's close it up . ( she do not want to deal with it ) it 's probably just some animal . scott a animal ?! a a ... ha- ha-ha-ha-ha - that 's the stupidest thing I ever hear in my life . Jesus Christ . scott locate a flashlight and peer into the hole . he trace the old wooden step into darkness with he light . linda maybe it be just some animal . scott yeah , probably right . it 's probably just some animal . uh ... Cheryl , why do not you make sure . he hand the flashlight to cheryl who quickly give it back . cheryl scotty , I be not go down there ! scott okay , okay you coward , I will go . linda scotty do not . you be crazy if you go down there . why do not you wait until morning . scott look , I will be all right . shelly what melodrama ! what courage ! a kiss my brave hero . scott kiss shelly and with flashlight in hand , he descend the narrow step into the cellar blackness . shelly I , you virgin queen eagerly await the precious moment when you will ascend . scott virgin queen ?! ha-ha-ha-ha-ha - he disappear below the floor . shelly , cheryl , linda and ashly wait above . ashly ( Calling down ) hey Scott , see any - thing ? there be no answer . ashly hey Scott !... Scott ! shelly he 's just kid around . there be silence . shelly be not he ? no sound come from the cellar . ashly Linda , get I a flashlight . linda that 's the only one we bring up . ashly spot a lantern on the fireplace mantle . ashly then get that lantern . linda bring it over . ashly open the kerosene valve , light the wick , and descend into the basement . 30 in - C down below , ashly move quietly past the old stone wall and wooden beam which support the main floor above . in front of he stand a old door which lead to another section of the cellar . cautiously , he move toward it . before he can touch it , the door swing open slowly with a moan . ashly move through the doorway and deeper into the cellar . condensation from water pipe above turn the cellar into a echo chamber as drip fall into shallow pool on the dirt floor below . as ashly scan with he light , he spot a shadow move out the corner of he eye . ashly Scott ? ashly break into a cold sweat as he move away from the area where the shadow pass . he back sqarely into a pair of arm which grab he . ashly ahhhhhhh ! it be only scott behind he . ashly what the hell be you do down here , jerkin ' off ? how come you do not answer I ? scott when ? ashly just now , I mean upstairs . scott I do not hear you . ashly oh well , do you find anything ? scott uh-uh . ashly what 's this ? scott sweep he light to another corner and reveal several item atop a small table . beneath a dusty cloth , he find a book which appear to be cover in some sort of animal hide , with a ancient form of write on the cover . along with this book , scott and ashly uncover a reel to reel tape recorder , a ancient dagger , and other parapanalia include a box of rifle shell . 31 en - cab it be evening as darkness surround the small cabin . 32 in - m.r. the group sit huddle around the fireplace talk quietly about school . the same bottle of scotch be pass around . ashly be rewind the tape recorder , and once this be do , he turn it on . the voice of a old man be hear . ashly turn to the other who be talk . ashly shhh , listen to this . voice my name be Julian knowby . I be a pro - fessor of ancient egyptian mythology in dextin university 's ancient history department ... ashly this be the tape I find downstairs . voice ( continue ) ... I be recording this entry from a small cabin in the south - ern mountain of Tennessee . here , I be stay with my wife for a few week so that I may continue my research un - disturb . since May , a group of assoc - iate professor and myself have be excavate the ruin of can and dar . I believe I have make a important find in that area , and thus the reason for this log . with it , I can keep a ac - curate record of translation from my latest find ; the first of six , the other still lose , volume of ancient sumarian burial practice and rite . basically , it be a book of do 's and do not deal with the decease en - title " naturan demanto " roughly tran - late " Book of the Dead . " it be bound in human flesh , and ink with blood of the decease ... scott jeez , I would hate to find out what they use for pen . voice ( continue ) ... this particular volume deal with demon and demon resurrect - ion . this be of the katardi family , meaning that force believe to inhab - it the jungle and wood of man 's do - main . the first few page that I have translate warn that this demon be dangerous , everpresent , and exist primarily through this book . as legend have it , only the sacred high priest of the can and dar tribe could posess this book , for they alone could properly control the resurrected de - mon . it be only through the act of recite the resurrection passage that this demon would be able to posess the live . for many year , it be think that this legend - cheryl turn off the machine at this point . scott hey , what would you do that for ? it be just get good . cheryl I just do not want to hear any more that 's all . scott ( sing ) Cheryl 's scared , Cheryl 's scared . ashly Scott , leave she alone will ya ? scott Jesus Christ . he move to the tape recorder and fast foreward it for a bit then stop . scott she 's act like a baby - it 's no big deal . he turn the machine on . the passage continue . voice tantir-ah-mis-trobeen-ha-zar-ta 33 en - cab as the tape play , all natural sound from the forest die out , and the autumn color in the tree fade to a gloomy grey . 34 in - m.r. voice tantir-man-ov-mis-hazen-sober . all eye except cheryl 's turn to the window . 35 en - cab outside , cloud roll in from the east , thunder boom in the distance , and as the wind pick up , it begin to rain . 36 in - m.r. voice kanda ! 37 en - cab a section of ground deep within the wood begin to crack , and open . smoke seep out from within , as if some evil force be now be unleash . 38 in - m.r. cheryl ( in a whisper ) shut it off . voice kanda ! 39 en - cab the wind howl , and blackbird fly from they nest , scream . 40 in - m.r. cheryl ( louder now ) shut it off . ashly , hearing she for the first time , turn from the window to cheryl . she be overwhealmed with fear . voice kanda ! 41 en - cab a bolt of lightning strike very near and its thunder crash be deafen . 42 in - m.r. cheryl can no longer control herself . she scream and cover she ear . cheryl shut it offffff ! the window shatter when a branch from a nearby tree tear through it . ashly run to the tape recorder and turn it off . cheryl be cry now , and run to she room . ashly turn to scott . ashly Scott , you know not to play it , I mean ... I mean you know it be upset - ting she . you just do not know when you be carry something too far . scott ( to shelly ) c'mon . ( back to ashly ) Big deal , it 's just a joke , shit . scott and shelly head for they bedroom . scott mumble to himself along the way . scott you would think she 's three year old or something . scott slam the door behind he . ashly sigh . he move to the break window and reach through it to close the outside shutter . linda he 's really be bother you have not he ? ashly walk to a chair near the other window . ashly no . it 's not Scott . scotty 's okay . it 's just that ever since we come up here , thing have be a little too tense . ( he sit ) all this crazy thing go on . and look at that window - we be gonna have to pay for that window now . linda it will be better tomorrow . thing will smooth out , you will see . ashly I hope so . he look at linda lovingly for a long moment . ashly what 'ya say we stay up for a while and listen to the storm . linda deal . lemme check on Cheryl . I will be right back . from across the room , she be see open cheryl 's door a crack . linda ask if she be all right , and get a muffle reply . in the foreground , ashly remove the small box he show to cheryl earlier and place it in he hand . he glance behind to linda . she close cheryl 's door and walk back to find ashly sound asleep with the box in he hand . she reach for the box and ashly open he eye to watch . linda look at he , but he eye be close again in time to still appear fast asleep . linda turn she attention back to the box . ashly watch again wide - eye as she remove it from he hand . quickly , linda turn to he but as expect , ashly be sleep like a baby . she begin to turn back toward the box and ashly open he eye , but linda turn back again in time to catch he with he eye wide open . linda ah ha ! ashly ( laugh ) stealing from the blind eh ? it 's for you . linda begin to open the box . linda it better be good . the gold necklace be reveal inside . linda oh ash , it 's beautiful . linda kiss ashly . he remove the necklace from the box and hold it around she neck . ashly ( fasten it around she neck ) I be go to give it to you before we leave , but thing get so hectic , this be the first chance I have have . do you like it ? linda move to a mirror . linda it 's beautiful . I really love it . ( she turn to ashly ) I will never take it off . 43 en - cab lightn strike as something in the wood examine the small cottage . through the outside window , ashly and linda can be see embrace . this force watch they move around the house to another window . the silhouette of scott and shelly undress can be see . the force continue around and arrive at cheryl 's window . Inside , she brushes she hair in front of the mirror for a moment , then set down she brush and move to the window . she stop to uncrumple the sketch draw earlier , look at it , then out to the dark wood . 44 in - c.b. cheryl can faintly hear some kind of sound . it be the same sound she have hear earlier from the cellar . a noise almost like that of something breathe . 45 en - cab the evil entity round the corner of the cabin as cheryl walk through the room to the front door . she can be see step out the door . it close behind she . wind shaking the tree branch send dead leave flutter about . cheryl ( Calling to the wood ) be anybody out there ? there be no answer . cheryl step away from the cottage toward the wood . 46 en - W the breeze animate she nightgown and it too seem alive . cheryl stop . cheryl I know someone 's out there ... I hear you ... I hear you in the cellar . suddenly , cheryl become chill . she fold she arm around herself and stand at the wood edge , listen . there be only darkness and sound of the evening wind blow through the tree . cheryl step into the forest a few foot then stop . a cry deep within the wood can be hear . she freeze . whisper in the distance grow somewhat louder and a soft wail be hear - like that of something long since dead , dredge up to roam the earth again . cheryl be about to turn back toward the cabin when a rustling come from a group of tree about twenty yard behind she . she stop . no sound . nothing move . several yard to she leave a twig snap suddenly . she turn but there be silence again . the wind die down , leave a deathly stillness throughout the wood . then , all at once , the entire forest become alive in a flurry of chaotic noise and movement . snake-like vine wrap around she ankle and slither up she leg . Tree branch near by begin to claw and rake at she . the force be now move through the wood toward she . cheryl be able to break the vine and run toward the cabin . she emerge from the wood and into the clear . the force be still follow . 47 en - cab cheryl reach the cabin door but it be lock . she begin pound upon the door . cheryl help , help , let I in . open the door ! the evil entity now emerge from the wood . cheryl ashly ! Linda ! open up ! cheryl spot the small key ring above the door where shelly have return they earlier . one by one , she fran - tically jam one key after another into the lock , but still can not find the right one . the force come closer with each key . cheryl please , someone please ! help I , help meeeee ! the evil entity be almost upon she , but she action be so frantic that the ring fall to the ground . she bend down to pick they up , but a hand grab she arm . it be scott who have open the door from the inside . she push he in the door and slam it tightly . 48 in - m.r. scott what the hell happ - cheryl ( in hysterics ) it ... it try to kill I . I , I hear a noise and ... and I run and the tree ... the tree ! scott what be you - he be cut off by ashly approach with the other . ashly Cheryl what 's wrong with you ? do something in the wood do this to you ? cheryl no , no , no ... the wood themselves - the tree - they be alive ... she hug ashly tightly and cry in hysterical sob . cheryl they be alive ... linda ash , why do not I take she into the bedroom so she can lie down a little - cheryl ( cut she off ) - I be not lie down ! I be not stay here . we be leave this place , we be leave this place right now ! scott wait a minute , I be sure as hell not go anywhere . shelly Cheryl - ashly Cheryl , there 's nothing out there . tree do not attack people . cheryl ashly , will you drive I into town or not ? ashly ( look at he watch ) right now ? ( he realize how desperate she be ) sure , sure I will drive you into town . but if you will just listen to what you be say , you - cheryl I do not care how it sound . I want to leave this minute . you can bring back my thing when you go . ashly okay - if you do not want to stay , I can not make you . linda put a coat around cheryl as ashly help she to the door . 49 en - cab ashly and cheryl move to the car . ashly help cheryl in then then get in the driver side . 50 in - car cheryl I will stay some place in town tonight . ashly try to start the car . there be no response . cheryl become somewhat worried . ashly try again . the car will not turn over . a look of dread come across cheryl 's face . 51 en - cab scott and the other join the two outside . 52 in - car cheryl it 's not gonna start . ashly again try the engine . cheryl I know it 's not gonna start . it 's not gonna let we leave . ashly key the engine and it turn over this time , start - ing up with a roar . ashly , worried by cheryl 's condition glance over to she . confused and upset , cheryl turn away from ashly and look out she window . they drive off into the night through the wood mountain toward town . ashly glance at cheryl who be study the forest in - tensely for any sign of movement . the concern for he sister be make obvious by the expression on he face . they car approach the narrow bridge area and slow down . cheryl why be you slow down ? ashly bring the car to a halt . cheryl what be this ? ashly 's gaze be fix directly ahead , and he mouth open slowly . he flip on the high beam which stab through the evening mist . 53 en - B the bridge over the chasm have be tear away . cheryl be silent as ashly walk to the ravine 's edge to examine any remain . 54 in - car cheryl ( mumbling to herself ) no , no , no , no , no ... it 's not go to let we leave , it 's not go to let we go ... it 's not gonna let we gooooo ! 55 en - cab a axe be raise into the air , then bring down smash - ing upon a log , split it in two . scott be chopping wood outside the cabin . behind he , through a window , cheryl sit with a cup of tea in she hand watch he . scott set he axe down , gather the wood and move away . cheryl shift she gaze from scott to the wood beyond . the camera move in toward cheryl then past she to shelly and linda who can be see play card on the floor . ashly be seat near the fireplace with the tape recorder in front of he . he plug a earphone in so only he can hear it . scott enter the cabin and pass in front of ashly to drop he wood to one side of the fireplace . he throw a log in , and head back outside . 56 in - m.r. from inside , linda speak . linda Cheryl , wanna play some card ? cheryl ( turn with a smile ) uh-uh . cheryl turn to face the window again . linda hey , tomorrow morning , we will find some way around that cliff into town okay ? cheryl okay . outside the window , scott chop more wood for the night fire . ashly turn on the tape recorder to listen with the ear plug . voice March 12th . Suzanne come after I and almost murder I . my own wife . at first I think it be a mental or physical disorder because of what have happen to she eye , but I be only fool myself . I know what it be . outside the window , scott continue to chop and gather wood . shelly , still engage in card with linda , hold up one in particular . shelly okay , guess this card . linda how be I go to know what card that be ? shelly guess , I be go to see if you be psychic . the card be a two of club . linda okaaaay ... be it a queen ? shelly right ! linda really ? shelly yeah . linda hey ash , I guess the card right . ashly ( indifferently ) truly amazing Linda . he be listen intently to the log as it continue . voice Three day have pass since that thing have be down there . I be hop - ing to weaken it without food or water . nothing work . finally , in desperation I drag she out to the shed and dismember she so that what - ever it be could not get up again . shelly Cheryl , do you see that ? cheryl remain with she back to they stare out the window . shelly try this one . she remove a nine of club from the deck and hold it up . linda okay , lemme think , uh ... she put she hand to she head in a curve funnel form - ation as if to direct she thought to the card . linda ... um , it 's a seven . shelly oh my God , what suit ? linda diamond , no wait ! I mean heart ! shelly that 's right - seven of heart ! linda hey ash , do you see that ? I guess two card in a row . ashly ( still not pay attention ) how do you do it Linda ? he be concentrate on the tape . voice this be when I see the dark figure move about in the wood . I should have never tampere with the " Book of the Dead . " I now know that what - ever it be I have resurrected through this book , be come for I . linda you know , I always think I have some sort of extra sense . you know , like e.s.p or something . shelly what 's this one ? she hold up the queen of spade . linda another seven ! shelly I do not believe it ! cheryl ( still look outside ) Queen of spade . shelly look at she card then back to cheryl . she hold up another card . cheryl four of heart . the card be a four of heart . shelly bite she lip in fear and reach for another card . ashly and linda listen in silence . cheryl eight of spade . shelly pick up the card . cheryl be correct again . cheryl two of spade - jack of diamond - jack of club - faster and faster she call they off . even before shelly can flip they to keep up . suddenly , cheryl turn toward the group . her eye be bone white . shelly 's deck of card slip from she hand and scatter across the floor . cheryl 's body be hoist up to its foot and jerk about like a white - eye marionette . she speak in a voice un - like she own . cheryl why have you disturb we sleep , awaken we from we ancient slum - ber ? you will die . like the other before you . we will take you one by one . all of you ha-ha-ha-ha-ha - she scream in a low gruff voice and collapse to the floor . ashly oh my God , shelly , get Scott in here ! shelly do not respond . ashly hurry ! she exit through the front door . linda move to cheryl and lift she head gently . cheryl appear unconcious but behind she , she reach for a pen . linda do you see she eye ? I be scared . what 's wrong with she ? ashly begin to speak when scott and shelly enter . scott what happen to she ? cheryl 's hand clutches the pen tightly . linda look at she eye . scott 's hand reach for cheryl 's eye to inspect they , but they blink open . the pen in she hand race upward , then slashes down , rip into linda 's achille tendon . linda scream fiercely and with a blur , the bloody pen be raise again . ashly grab cheryl 's arm stop she , but with a powerful swipe , she swing she remain arm at linda who be send sprawling across the cabin floor . cheryl then clutches ashly and , almost lift he , send he body reeling across the room into a book - case which topple over , trapping he beneath its weight . shelly stand scream as cheryl now advance toward ashly 's face with the bloody pen . he struggle to pull himself out but cannot . cheryl be almost upon he when scott grab she from behind . effortlessly , she toss he off and move toward ashly again . scott climb to he foot and grab the axe . cheryl raise the pen above ashly 's face , and scott give she a sharp jab in the jaw with the wooden handle . cheryl stumble past linda and fall backwards , head first into the cellar . she begin to climb out but scott slam the trap door shut upon she hand . it will not close . cheryl start to push the trap door open from below . scott climb on top and be almost throw off until he viciuosly ram the butt of he axe down upon she protrude hand . dement scream and moan be hear from below as cheryl 's hand be finally pull back and scott manage to secure the chain across the hatch . 57 in - lb later that evening , linda be see in she bed , sleep . ashly cover she with a blanket , kiss she , and walk to the door , close it quietly behind he . 58 in - m.r. ashly join scott and shelly who sit near the fire in the main room . from the cellar , strange moan , sob and laughter emerge , then horrible rasp sound from cheryl 's breathe . through the next sequence of dialogue , she breathe become louder then somewhat quiet . scott she will be okay ash , she just take a bad bump . ashly ( quietly ) yeah . scott and shelly listen to the strange noise from below as ashly look out the window to the wood beyond . ashly we have still get a few hour before morning . shelly I do not know if I can wait that long . scott you have to . we all have to . then , once it 's light out , we will try to find a way to get around that chasm . shelly ( cover she ear ) why do she keep make that horrible noise ? ashly I do not know . shelly and what about she eye ? ashly and scott be quiet . shelly what about she eye ? ( desperately ) for God 's sake what happen to she eye ?! cheryl patiently sit in the cellar darkness with a streak of light across she eye from the crack in the trap door . her head be slightly tilt as she watch and listen to what be say above . from she point of view we hear scott speak to shelly . scott everything 's gonna be all right . cheryl 's lip part slightly and a thick blackish yellow liquid drool out between she tooth . she grin . 59 en - cab outside , the forest be very dark . the unseen force move from the wood area , push over small tree and shrub as it advance . the cottage come into view and the evil entity glide up to it . the figure of a girl in the cabin window can be see look out . the force stop and move behind a bush . 60 in - m.r. Inside , shelly be study the wood . shelly scotty , I ... I think there 's some - thing out there . scott join she at the window and look out . 61 en - cab from within the wood , this force watch scott peer out , but he can see nothing . through the window he say some - thing to reassure shelly and move away . 62 in - m.r. Inside , scott can be hear in mid sentence . scott ... be to get some rest . ash and I can stay up with Cheryl . shelly okay . scott everything 's gonna be okay . come morning - you will see . shelly head to she bedroom . scott walk back to the fireplace and sit . he slice twig from a branch with the sumarian dagger and toss they into the fire . ashly glance at the Book of the Dead , then to the old clock . it stand silent . 63 en - cab again , the evil entity watch from outside . it see shelly leave one room and turn the light on in another . she begin to undress near the window . the force now move from behind its cover and rush at tremendous speed to shelly who be look out she bedroom window . she see it and sheer terror cover she face as a scream stifles itself in she throat , but it be too late . 64 in - m.r. a noise be hear from shelly 's bedroom . scott drop the small stick he be whittling and look up . he place the dagger on the floor and walk toward shelly 's room . scott shelly , be you okay ? she do not answer . scott approach she door and turn to ashly . scott keep a eye on Cheryl for a minute . 65 in - s.b. scott enter the darkness of she room and see nothing amidst the shadow . scott shelly ? he look over to she window . it be open , and wind blow upon the curtain . 66 in - S. bath scott step into shelly 's bathroom and see that the shower curtain be draw . cautiously , he move up to it . scott shelly ? he pull the curtain back to reveal a empty tub . scott turn back to the bedroom when shelly step into the doorway , posess . with a scream , she latch upon scott . her eye have go bone white and she claw at scott 's face and clothes with she nail . 67 in - s.b. scream , scott stumble through she bedroom with shelly still upon he bite at he throat . 68 in - m.r. they stagger into the main room where scott manage to knock shelly off himself and into the fireplace . she remain motionless as she head smolder upon the hot coal . scott rush to she , grab a arm and pull she out . shelly 's face and hair on one side of she head be sear and blacken . she blink she eye open , turn she char head to scott , and speak in a rasp . shelly thank you . I do not know what I would have do if I have remain on the hot coal burn my pretty flesh . you have pretty skin - give it to we ! cackle , shelly clutches scott 's neck and begin throttl - ing the life out of he with a vice - like grip . he try to break the hold but cannot . ashly also try but with a backhand blow , shelly knock he into a cabinet , smash - ing it to bit . a garble cry for help escape from scott 's froth mouth . shelly reach down , pick up the sumarian dagger , and hold scott by he throat with one hand , she raise the dagger with the other . ashly , slightly injure , crawl to he foot . scott grab she raise arm and although choke , swing he camp knife from its side sheath and slice deep into shelly 's raise wrist , almost sever it . a murky black ooze pump from the wound . she emit a ear split - howl and tighten she grip on scott 's throat . he drop the hunt knife . ashly watch terrify , unable to move as shelly raise she dangle hand ( still clutching the dagger ) to she mouth and bite it off . the useless part fall to the floor with the dagger still firmly in its fist . scott , now almost dead , grab she severe hand clutching the dagger and in a last attempt , swing it around ramming the blade into she spine . shelly screetch along with cheryl in the cellar , the old grandfather clock gong and lightning strike all at the same instant . shelly reach around with she remain arm to clutch at the severe hand and knife protrude from she own back . a thick black ooze pour from the wound as she bend backward scream . ashly stand in horror , clutching the axe , unable to move . Black ooze run from shelly 's mouth as she body writhes about spasmatically upon the floor . gradually , the move - ment cease and she be dead . as scott slowly stand to he foot , shelly 's arm grab he leg . scott ahhhhhhh ! some force reanimate she , even though the body be dead . ashly no...no ...no ... scott hit she ! shelly 's body be hoist up , jerk about to its foot , and laugh madly . scott hit it ! scott scream this as he back toward ashly who stand with the axe , paralyze . gurgle black ooze , shelly advance toward they with one remain arm . scott grab the axe from ashly , push he away and slam it into she . lightn flash , thunder boom , and cheryl scream from the cellar . scott bring he axe down again and again in a frenzy . then , after the final chop , there be silence . shelly 's body remain on the floor for quite some time - until ashly can cope with the fact that she be dead and something must be do . ashly uh ... Scott . scott yeah . ashly what be uh ... what be we gonna do ? scott bury she . ashly you ...ca not bury shelly . she 's a friend of ours be not she ? scott ash , she 's dead . ashly move away from scott . scott shelly 's dead . we be gonna bury she now . ashly bite he lip and look about blankly . 69 en - cab finally , the body be drag outside and bury near the work shed . harsh floodlight from the house make the task look very stark and barren . 70 in - m.r. scott and ashly return inside . ashly head to linda 's room to check in on she . 71 in - l.b. he peer in to see linda sleep peacefully . 72 in - m.r. ashly quietly return to the main room . scott be load - ing new battery into a flashlight . scott I see a old hike trail when we be drive up here . now I do not know if it go all the way around that gorge - ashly - or if it 's even still in tact . scott or if it 's even still in tact . but uh , I guess I will find out . take good care of Linda . ashly I will . do you have everything ? scott ( put on a small back pack ) yeah - all set . ashly listen ... scotty ... I be sorry about fall apart like that when - scott do not bother , really . he step out the door . scott if I find a way out of here , I will mark it and then come back . then if I be not back here in a few hour ... if for some reason ... well , if I do not come back , grab Linda , leg and all , and just get she the hell out of here . they shake hand . ashly you be a good man . scott good , I be the best . 73 en - cab ashly smile a good - bye to scott and watch he move off into the night . he linger for a moment by shelly 's grave , then slowly disappear into the wood . 74 in - m.r. ashly close the door and turn back to the main room . he see cheryl 's eye through the crack in the cellar . she have be watch all of this through a space be - tween the trap door and floor . ashly walk past she to linda 's room . 75 in - l.b. he open the door and a crack of light fall across she . linda wake up . linda who 's there ? ash ? ashly it 's I Linda . linda ash , I have a bad dream about Linda . ashly you do baby ? linda yeah . she 's all right be not she ? ashly yeah . Fine . linda be shelly okay too ash ? ashly can no longer hide he fear and anxiety . he speak in a whisper so as not to let he voice quiver . ashly yeah , sure . she 's sleep that 's all . linda ash , I love you . ( she turn over ) ashly get some rest . ashly close the door behind he and the fear from a few hour ago engulf he once more . 76 in - m.r. ashly move into the main room and stop dead in he track when a voice in the cellar speak . cheryl you lie to she . you lie to Linda . shelly 's not sleep . she 's dead . do not you know the difference ? you kill she . you and Scott cut she up with the axe . she 's dead ha-ha-ha- ha - ha-ha - ashly pick up the axe and slam it down upon the trap door . cheryl be silent from below for a moment , then the hatch open a inch or so . ( the length of the chain secure it ) cheyl 's white eye can be see again . cheryl ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha - ashly take the axe and step outside . 77 en - cab he begin to chop wood , take out he emotion upon the log with each blow . shelly 's blood can still be see on the blade of the axe . 78 in - m.r. from she dungeon , cheryl watch ashly chop wood in the window . the shadow of he axe rise then strike be see over she white eye . 79 en - cab exhausted , ashly put down the axe . he look off into the wood but there be no sign of scott . he return to the cabin . 80 in - m.r. cheryl begin she taunting again . cheryl soon all of you will be like I and then who will lock you in the cellar ? ha-ha-ha-ha-ha - cheryl begin to violently ram she fist against the trap door . ashly walk by she to linda 's room . 81 in - l.b. she be still asleep . quietly , so as not to wake she , ashly pull back she blanket expose the bandage leg . he be - move the wrapping and look at the wound . as he do this , it infect with a blacken coloration at a in - credible speed . ashly look up to see if linda be still sleep and see that she have be watch he with white eye and a evil grimace upon she face . she let out a low growl . 82 in - m.r. ashly jolt backwards out of she room to escape through the front door . he step outside and stop to look back in . he can see the main room , but find it difficult to see in linda 's room , be lose in the shadow . something rag and bloody grab he . it be scott 's mutilate body rip and tear to shred . he be still alive . ashly look behind he through the door to linda 's room . he can barely make out linda who sit on the bed watch he with glaring white eye . ashly help scott to the couch so he can sit . scott be in agony and can barely speak . scott ash , I think I be die . Jesus , I can not feel my leg . ashly uh...uh scotty you be gonna be okay . you be gonna be just fine - you will see . he throw another log on the fire . ashly you will see . he look off into linda 's bedroom again , but she be go . she be now sit in the corner of the main room where ashly be , watch he . scott begin to cough with hor - rible rasp sound . scott it 's , it 's not gonna let we leave ... Cheryl ... Cheryl be right ... we be all gonna die here ... ashly we be not gonna die ! scott ... all gonna die . all of we . ashly grab scott and shake he violently . ashly we be not gonna die ! we be not gonna die ! we be get out of here ! now listen to I - be there a way around the chasm . scott pass out . ashly scotty . Scott ! ashly slap scott . he stir awake and mumble . scott Jesus ash . I do not want to die . so ... so lonely to die like this . you be not gonna leave I be you ? be you ash ? cheryl ( imitating scott ) I do not want to die . so lonely to die like this . you be not gonna leave I be you ? be you ash ? ha-ha-ha-ha-ha - ashly Scott , be there some way around the chasm ? scott ash , I be scared - I ... I can not feel my leg . ashly Scott , listen to I please , for God 's sake . be there a way around the chasm ? scott there be ... one way , the trail ... but the tree , they know ... do not you see - they be alive !! they be ali-ahhhhhhh ! his sentence be cut short as he cry out in sharp pain . blood dribble from he nostril and he double over grab he stomach . linda begin to laugh . ashly look to she , or rather what posess she with hatred . ashly shut up ! she continue to laugh . cheryl in the cellar join in the laughter . ashly walk to linda and slap she but she continue . he grab a hunt rifle from a rack on the wall , load it with shell , flip off the safety and place the barrel against linda 's head . ashly God forgive I Linda . the laughter stop and she eye return to normal . it be linda again . ashly put down the rifle . linda ash , oh ash , help me! please . she hug he tightly . linda do not let they take I away again , please , please , please . ashly ( crying and hold she tightly ) I will not , I will not - I promise . cheryl 's voice be hear from the blackness of the cellar . cheryl ashly ? ashly , help I . let I out of here . I be all right now . ashly release linda and move cautiously to the cellar . linda remain behind nervously fumble with she necklace . cheryl I be all right now , ashly . I be all right . come unlock this chain and let I out . ashly Cheryl ? there be no reply from the cellar . ashly look through the crack but see only darkness . he reach for the chain and begin to unlock it , but sense something wrong , he stop . ashly Cheryl ? he put he ear to the floor listen for the slight - est sound . cheryl 's arm rip through the floor board and grab ashly 's head . he break away and she hand reach for the chain but cannot quite grasp it . slowly it withdraw beneath the floor . cheryl ( a little too sweet ) ash , what be you do ? this be you sister Cheryl . do not you recognize I ? her voice drift off , and the evil leughter resume from the celler . ashly ( crying and yell to the cellar ) you bastard ! why be you do this ? why ? there be silence for a moment . laughter from behind he begin again . it be linda . her eye be white once more , and she laugh at ashly . ashly oh ... Linda . with newly find courage , ashly angrily grab linda by the leg and drag she outside . 83 en - cab linda it 's useless , useless , useless . in time we will come for he , then you ha-ha-ha- ha-ha - ashly leave she in the wood and run back to the cabin , close the door behind he . 84 in - m.r. scott be cough again . scott ash , ash , please ... I do not want to die - but ... but I can not stand this pain . it hurt ash . gimme something . gimme something to put I out . ashly Scott , I can not . i- I know it 's bad . but I can not be alone now , I can not . I would lose my mind . scott please ash , please . ashly you will get better - you will see . linda 's laughter be faintly hear outside . ashly move to the window and pull back the curtain . linda be no longer in the wood but sit at the edge of the clear - ing , watch ashly with she glow white eye . ashly yeah , tomorrow , soon , you will be better and we will both get out of here tomorrow . scott there be no tomorrow ! you - you have get to kill she and cut - cut she up - you sister too . ashly no , that be only with shelly . you have to with shelly . you - Linda love I . you be delirious - I ... I will get you some water . ashly place a glass to Scott 's lip . ashly now , now the sun will be up in a hour or so and we will get out of here ... together . you , I , Linda , shelly - n- no not shelly , she - we will all go home together . would not you like to be go home ? you would like that I would bet , would not ya ? there be no answer from scott . the water run out of he mouth . ashly ... Scott . scott be dead . linda 's laughter be hear again . ashly walk to the window and pull back the curtain . there be nothing there . he turn and she be there ! with the sumarian dagger , linda rip into ashly 's shirt , cut he arm . he scream and watch in horror as she run she tongue over the dagger , lick the blood from it . she turn she attention toward ashly again but he grab she and they struggle . linda back ashly up against scott , knock he body to the floor . cheryl 's gnarled arm reach up through the break floor board and grab at ashly 's foot . he manage to turn linda 's arm so the knife be behind she back . forcefully , ashly push she over the body of scott and she fall back - ward upon the dagger , impale herself upon it . the blade tear into she back and rip through she stomach . lightn flash , thunder roar , and linda scream in a deep growl once , then all be quiet . ashly drag linda 's corpse past the crumpled body of scott , past cheryl , who watch all of this from below , through the back door and out to the work shed . 85 in - w.s. he lift she up onto the work bench and secure she body to it with a number of chain which hang from nail along the wall . he rip down a tarp hang on the wall to reveal a chain see . he start it up and move toward she . buzz madly , the see be lower to a position several inch above linda 's neck . ashly look into linda 's face . her eye have go back to blue . he turn off the see . ashly ( in a whisper ) Linda ... he drop the see and break down cry over linda 's body . 86 en - cab a evening mist drift out of the wood and cloak the shed as ashly carry linda 's body outside for burial . he lay the body upon the ground and pick up a shovel . harsh floodlight from the corner of the cabin create strange shadow on the ground as ashly dig linda 's grave . she lie on she back during the digging . one of she eye open . it be white . ashly drop the shovel and look at she . she appear to be dead . 87 in - m.r. Inside the cabin , cheryl begin slamm she fist against the trap door in the cellar again . she want out . the screw hold the hatch in place begin to loosen . 88 en - cab ashly place linda 's corpse in the grave , oblivious to cheryl 's pound . he begin to cover she with dirt . 89 in - m.r. cheryl have rip out all but one screw which hold the trap door in tact . 90 en - cab ashly glance to the grave and see linda 's necklace on top of the dirt mound . he reach down to pick it up when linda 's hand shoot up from beneath the grave and grab he ! she pull herself up out of the grave scream - ing and clutches ashly 's leg with a black and bloody hand . he twist around , try to free himself , but she will not let go . by now , linda be almost completely out of the grave . with she fingernails , she rip into ashly 's leg , tear he skin . scream , he pick up a large log nearby and swing it roundhouse into she face again and again , break the wood into smaller bit . she grab the log with he cling to the other end , lift he up and throw ashly log and all , away from she . ashly hit the ground with considerable force and for the first time begin to comprehend the power of this thing he be deal with . thick black ooze pour from linda 's nose and mouth as she turn toward ashly sprawle on the ground . ashly stay back . his hand grope for the handle of the spade . linda advance toward he , laugh . ashly Linda please , if you can still hear I . keep away . his finger tighten on the wooden handle . with a scream , she lunge toward he . from the ground , ashly swing the spade upward , lopping off she head . the head fall into the mud , but the body fall upon he , grab and jerk - ing about spasmatically . thick black ooze pump from she neck and ashly manage to pull himself out from underneath the body . he back away in disgust and fall . he pick himself up again and see linda 's necklace upon the ground . ashly stashes it in he pocket and stagger back to the cabin . 91 in - m.r. Inside , he look to the main room beyond scott 's body . ashly oh ..... it be a moan from deep inside he . the trap door be open and cheryl be go . ashly walk over and kick it shut . a slight breeze sweep through the front door cause shelly 's bedroom door to creak open . ashly pick up the rifle again and cautiously move to the door . 92 in - s.b. he enter . the room be dark and the closet door bang back and forth because of the breeze . ashly move toward it , grab the handle and slowly open the door . only clothes be inside . he turn toward the other end of the room and cheryl pop up in the window right by he . he swing and fire , shatter the window . cheryl back away and spot the open front door . ashly the door ... he make a mad dash through shelly 's room . 93 in - m.r. in the main room , ashly race for the door . 94 en - cab outside , cheryl be almost upon the door . 95 in - mr ashly arrive in time , but cheryl have already start reach in . he slam the door on she finger and ram he gun butt down upon they . horrible scream be hear as cheryl withdraw she hand . ashly be able to slam the door and bolt it . he run to the back entrance lead - ing to the shed and lock it also . on he way back to the main room , he pump he rifle in preparation . it be he last shell . ashly ( to himself ) more shell . where do I see that box of shell ? 96 in - C from the basement , the trap door lift open and ashly decend . the bottom step , now rotten , break under he weight , and ashly sprawl to the floor . slowly , he pick himself up and walk through the divide stone doorway beneath the water pipe to a small table . on it , he find the box of shell and quickly load they into the gun . he ascend the step and enter the main room once more . 97 in - m.r. the sound of tick catch ashly 's attention . he look up to see the old grandfather clock slowly wind back - ward . he watch and wait tensely . turn carefully , ashly try to monitor all the window . the tick grow louder . a shadow pass in the window before he and he fire , shatter the glass into a million piece . wind whip through the cabin swirl glass and leave to the floor . ashly wait , lean against the front door for something to happen . he be tense and more determine than ever to survive . he whisper to himself . ashly c'mon , c'mon , get it over with , why be you torture I like this ? place he hand to he side , ashly discover something in he pocket . he lift it to he eye . it be linda 's necklace . ashly ... Linda . ( he whisper ) the tick stop . he tilt he head for the slight sound . all be silent . from behind , two arm rip through the door and grab he . ashly tear away and fall to the floor . the necklace be toss away in the confusion . cheryl 's hand pull away and she look through a hole in the door . from the floor , ashly raise he rifle and fire at she head . 98 en - cab clutch at she face and scream horribly , cheryl be jolted from the door . 99 in - m.r. ashly place a dresser and chair against the hole in the door . behind ashly , scott 's corpse sit up and open its white eye . it stand and move toward ashly . he turn with the gun , but scott knock it out of he hand . desperately , ashly grab a table lamp and shatter it across scott 's head , then jam the expose socket into he face , shocking he . scott stagger back several step , then continue after ashly . 100 en - cab outside , Cheryl be now pound against the front door . 101 in - m.r . ashly pick up a small table upon which be the Book of the Dead , and the professor journal . he throw it at scott . this do not affect he , and he advance closer . the Book of the Dead land near the fireplace and edge of the paper darken from the heat . scott pick up ashly and begin to throttle he as if he be a rag doll . the front door begin to give under cheryl 's pound . ashly bring he hand to scott 's eye . with a crash , cheryl break through the front door and begin to push the dresser away . page from the Book of the Dead be smolder - ing now . ashly jam he finger into scott 's eye and slip from the grip . scott clutches he eye socket and he back begin to smolder . ashly now see the book . its page burn at the edge . cheryl topple the dresser and enter the room . her face be partially tear away from the shot gun blast . ashly rush to throw the book onto the burn log , but cheryl , smolder also , give he a backhand blow across the head , and he be send sprawling to the floor . she grab a fireplace poker with she crush finger and turn back to ashly who be crawl - ing toward the fireplace . when almost in reach of the book , scott grab he leg and begin to pull ashly back - ward . cheryl approach with smoke pour from she clothes and slam ashly across the back with she poker . ashly scream . a glitter catch he eye . it be linda 's necklace . grabbing it , he toss the end with a clasp toward the book . it slide off the cover . scott pull he back once more as ashly swing the necklace in a last desperate attempt . cheryl raise the poker for the final blow . the necklace drape over the book and as ashly be drag , the clasp hook the cover and pull the book with he . with a yank , he seize the book and toss it upon the blaze . cheryl and scott freeze . the Book of the Dead burn in a bluish green flame . smoke pour from scott and cheryl as distant demonical scream be hear from the wood . the fireplace poker slip from cheryl 's hand and stick into the wood scarcely a inch from ashly 's head . the body of scott and cheryl then begin to cave inward upon themselves , collapse to the floor in smolder heaps . finally , nothing be leave but the burnt clothing and a blackish grey ooze on the floor where they body once be . the old clock begin to tick again , normally . ashly slowly climb to he foot to stand above the fume debris . open - ing he hand , he look down at linda 's necklace . the force retreat from he , out the door , slowly return to the darkness from which it emerge . gradually , the natural sound of the forest swell and tree lose they gloom as Autumn color return . the first ray of sunlight gleam over the wood beyond the cabin . daybreak have finally come .