'' he spirit of ST . louis " final 1/8/57 received from stenographic dept . 1 script pinal tity " the spirit of ST , louis " 1/8/57 sign . cast and credit be ) Warner bros . picture ° - present a leland hayward - billy wilder production jeme Stewart as Charles A. lindbergh in " the spirit of ST . louis " in ginemascope and warnercolor Murray Hamilton Patricia Smith bartlett Robinson mare connelly Arthur Space '' Charles watt produce by leland hayward directed by billy wilder screen play by billy wilder and wendell Mayes adaptation by Charles lederer base on the book by chas . a.lindbergh director of photography Robert burk , a.s.c . & J , peverell marley , a.s.c . aerial photography by Thomas tutwiler ; Art director Art loel Film editor Arthur p.schmidt , a.c.e . sound by M. A. merrick aerial supervisor Paul mantz . set decorator William L. kuehl Assistant director chas .c.coleman , Jr. : oe : ( please destroy previously issue cast & credit ) 11-20-56 h - nae . with as Bud gurney as Mirror girl as B. f. mahoney as Father hussman as Donald Hall as 0 . W. schultz production associate doane Harrison production manager norman cook Music compose and conduct by franz Waxman orchestration by leonid raab special Effects by h.f. koenekamp , asc and Louis lichtenfield technical advisor : Major General Victor bertrandias , usaf ( ret . ) 's harlan A. gurney : montage by Charles eame - WB | warner bros , picture i present i . a leland hayward - billy wilder production James Stewart be in i " the Spirit of St , Louis " with m Murray Patricia bartlett Hamilton Smith Robinson 1 '' mare 7 Arthur Charles : connelly Space watt base on the book by Charles a , lindbergh ' sereen play by billy wilder . F and . . I wendell Mayes B adaptation by Charles lederer in cinemascope in 's warnercolor CO kp g&§q | ( continue ) - B - director of photography .......( Robert burk , a.s.c . ( J , peverell marley , a.s.c . aerial photography by .............. Thomas tutwiler , a.s.c . Art director ...... sec ccrcecececeeoccsesedrt loel Film editor ....... oeeeeeese Arthur p , Schmidt , a.c.e . sound by ... seeee ence ccc ereecs er ccceceveveeM , a , merrick set decorator ... cecccecsccccccececvoeereoe William L , kuehl special Effects by ......... , ....+-( H. f. koenekamp , a.s.c . ( Louis litchenfield aerial supervisor...ceecceceesererscceccsceeves Paul mantz production associate....ccsccevecerevecseeebdoane Harrison production manager....cccccccsesececccvsrevees norman cook technical advisor Major General Victor bertrandias , usap ( ret . ) harlan A. gurney sccccceececvecee + Charly eame montage dy . ..cceeceernveee sevesceesseee Gordon bau , ' s.m.a. makeup supervisor ......... i orchestration dy ...... seseeeeeeeeecceeceeeeeesbLeonid raab F Assistant dipector ......+.++++++++s Charles c. coleman , Jr. yis picture made under rca sound approved ' the jurisdiction of record mp og . .t.s8.e , insignia ) aa iliated with certificate 4 . f. of L. no. 1779h Music compose and conduct by franz Waxman produce by i leland hayward i directed by billy wilder we i. 2 . 3 . " the spirit of ST , louis " 1/8/57 final fade in plane in the sky day fleecy cloud in the b.g . the credit title appear over this while the tiny plane fly steadily in the distant sky . at the end of the main title credit a dissolve bring ina legend against the same b.g. : in 1927 @ young man , alone in a single engine airplane , fly non-stop from Roosevelt field in New York across the entire North Atlantic Ocean to Le bourget field in Paris , a distance of three thousand six hundred and ten mile . in this triumph of mind , body and spirit , Charles a , lindbergh influence the life of everyone on earth -- for in the 33 hour and 30 minute of he flight the air age become a reality . this be the story of that flight . : dissolve to : ext , garden CITY HOTEL long island , new york night the street lamp be shroud in rain , the pavement be wet . several auto of the 1920' stand in front of the sprawling ; building , a sign in the f.g. read garden CITY HOTEL , long island , Light gleam from the lobby door and window , the upper storey be dot with a few light behind draw shade , dissolve to : int . HOTEL lobby night a thin mist of cigarette smoke hover over the\room . some of the easy chair and sofa be occupy by doze reporter . at a coffee table a sob sister be busily type . telephone booth be busy . the switchboard buzze , there be the clack '' of many typewriter , camera dolly in to reporter on phone , speak against sound of other reporter phone . serum mpage on ee @ 4 . 5 . " the spirit of ST , louis " 1/8/57 final 2. close shot reporter in chair peck at typewriter . he speak aloud : first reporter : here at the Garden City Hotel less than a mile from Roosevelt field - ( take pencil and cross out 'a mile ' ) -- less than three - quarter of a mile from Roosevelt field , everyone be wait -- during the above he have get up and walk out of scene . second reporter who pull paper from he machine and cross lobby , first reporter' voice : -- as they have be now for seven day and night wait for the rain to stop . rumor be fly , the plane be not , eight day ago Captain Charles A. lindbergh arrive here in he Spirit of St , Louis : ready to take off on the big hop .. second reporter have cross to third reporter at phone , give he he copy , say : . second reporter : phone that in , will yuh ? : third reporter : " '' arter make final inspection of he plane the Spirit of St. Louis , lindy -- ( pause ) return to he hotel room early this evening , tell - ing reporter he have nothing to say . the airmail pilot go directly to he room on the second floor where he go to bed , his friend , Frank mahoney , of Ryan aircraft be station outside he door , guard - ing against any disturbance . the whole world be wait breathlessly to learn the outcome --- " int . upstair corridor night the sound of the typewriter filter up into the dim corridor . at one end a red fire exit globe shine . a shaft of yellow come from a open transom . mahoney sit on a chair in front of the door to room 106 , suddenly from a tinny phonograph the chorus of rio rita blare . into the corridor , mahoney jump up , go quickly to the door with the light transom - this be the room the music be come from . he rap on the door , open it , stick he head in , the phonograph stop , he close the door , return to he chair in front of room 106 , - then , on second think , he gently turn the doorknob and look into 106 , 5 Te " the spirit of ST , louis " 1/8 / pinal vi 157 int . room 106 night very simple , brass bed , washbasin , wallpaper with a morning - glory motif . no light in the room except through the transom and a faint reflection from street lamp outside the half - open window , lindbergh be lie in bed . his shirt , open at the throat , serve as a pajama jacket . he be wide -awake . the light from the corridor cut across he face as mahoney ~ erack the door , lindbergh : yes , Frank ? mahoney : : I be sorry , slim . Music wake you ? p : lindbergh : no , : mahoney : youtre not sleep yet ? lindbergh : no , not yet , : mahoney : ' can I get you anything ? you want anything ? : lindbergh : no , : B. mahoney : be it 's one - thirty . you better ikmock it off now . lindbergh : all right , Frank , mahoney click the door shut . the room be dark again , lindbergh lie still - stare into the darilmess , " Rio rita " be still heard . lindbergh's voice : Rio rita - life be sweeta . sweeta . sweeter than whet ? come on now , go to sleep . cut you motor out , let it rest now , maybe I should ' to ' spend the night in the hangar , to ext , hangar new york night with a large crowd of people stand in rain behind rope . . : ( continued ) @ " the spirit of ST , louis " 1/8/57 final 8 ( cont . ) lindbergh's voice : ( continue ) maybe that 's what 's keep I awake . maybe I should be with she out there on Roosevelt field , it 's raining harder than ever , well , do not start i worry about the weather now , : 53 . int , hangar 10 . il . 13. with mechanic work on plate , the Spirit of St. Louis , lindbergh's voice : . ( continue ) if I take off at dawn , I will be over the ocean at night . well , what 's wrong with that ? I have fly hundred of hour at night . int , room 106 lindbergh in bed . senremommeten lindbergh's voice : ( continue ) I be a airmail pilot . St. Louis to Springfield to Peoria to Chicago , the ocean can not be any worse than snow and sleet and fog , and I do not have a plane like this one either , just a old beat up dehaviland and no gas to spare . no light on the field , dissolve to : peoria airmail field / it 's a cow pasture , literally . patch of snow litter the soggy ground . no building . a windsock on a pole - a tele - phone in a wooden box nail to a telegraph phone . the dim light of a oid mail truck come toward camera , ' truck stop . burt get out . . CUT of old do haviland biplane landing . of | CUT of burt pick up chock . " [ he spirit of ST , louis " 1/8/57 final 5 . . db. shot of plane '' taxiing in , : E 15 , dolly shot lindbergh to camera i ' lindbergh : E : burt ! p burt : : hello , slim , you all right ? lindbergh : I be fine , what have you get outta Peoria ? '' burt : ( hand over mail sack ) this feel like three letter and a postcard , a lindbergh : ( take sack and put it in plane ) let 's have it . all right ~ I think we better top she off , burt : slim , do not you think you better put the mail on the train . and lay over till it clear ? '' lindberge : , ~ no , you get - I a bucket of gas . burt bring the gas and hand it up to lindbergh , who pour : : it into the planet tank , - burt : a slim , do you really think you oughta go on to Chicago . lindbergh : sure , some of this mail have to connect with the transcontinental , burt : : fe that 's a mean look sky . I can smell snow , ; lindbergh : ty well , suppose you check , see if there 's a red light outa Chicago , : : . burt go to phone in box on pole . : burt : i hello , hochstetter ? this be burt , slim 's down here all right . any warning from Chicago ? nothing ? you | sure ? all right . Le . ( hang up --. to lindbergh ) : ' nothing from Chicago , slim , : lindbergh : L. well I guess it 's still open then , i | ( continued ) @ od '' the spirit of ST , louis " 1/8/57 final 6. 15 ( cont . ) lindbergh finish fill the tank , jump down and go to propeller , lindbergh : handle the throttle for I , will you ? burt climb up on wing and reach into cockpit . burt : yeah , how long can you fly '' this old wreck and stay alive ? the company oughta get you some real airplane , fix up the landing field . set beacon out along the way . lindbergh : good idea , wanna lend we some money ? ' Cause the banker will not , they do not believe in commercial aviation , burt : what 's the answer ? , lindbergh : ( back away from propeller ) switch off ? burt : ' switch off . lindbergh : contact . , burt : contact . lindbergh run , jump up and spin propeller , the motor come to life , and burt climb down as lindbergh climb up and into cockpit . lindbergh : get the wing , burt , burt push on wing to help swing the plane around . lindbergh : that 's good , burt. , burt : look out now , slim , lindbergh : ' I will . he taxie down the field and wheel around , ready for the take -off . the telephone ring furiously , burt run to the box , * burt : ( into phone ) Peoria Airport . burt speak . yeah ? he 's just take off . ' ( continued ) wlepere serene ene stern @® 15 ( cont . 1 ) 16 , " the spirit of ST , louis " 1/8/57 final Te burt : ( cont . ) ( 4 n alarm ) what ? ( he drop the receiver ) hold it , slim ! hold it ! but lindbergh can not hear he . he be gun the engine . ' the mail plane be already lurching down the soggy pasture , burt : ( wave he arms. desperately ) ; hold it , slim ! there 's a blizzard out of Chicago ? they could not . get through because the linss sre ' down ! hold it ! too late . lindbergh 's plane be rise from the field , the engine drown out the warning . burt stand helpless , stare ing after the plane until the fog and the night swallow it up , he turn slowly , walk over to the flare , ' . dissolve : snowstorm ' night lindbergh be fly the mail plane in blind snow . the en= bine cough , he turn he flashlight on the gas gauge . it waver on empty . he slip the flashlight in he pocket , hold the stick between he knee and unbuckle the safety belt . the engine cough again , then spit a couple of time and die , now there be only the sound of the wind whining through the strut , lindbergh sit up on the side of the cockpit and rolis oft into space , the ship glide on for a moment , then nose : i down , the whine rise to a scream , i lindbergh be swinging under he parachute , he flashlight : earthward , hope to get a glimpse of what might be in store for he below , there be the faint sound of the wind scream through the strut of the fall plane ~ come nearer and nearer . lindbergh look up , he sweep he flashlight around the snowy sky . the scream of the plane be louder , suddenly the wing light appear , the plane come banking out of the snow , circle past he with inch to spare , the sound recede , then grow . louder again - again it come careen toward the parachute , lindbergh seize the shroud line and pull , the chute elip down and away just as the wild plane be about to stick its nose in the silk , the plane spiral away again - then close again - make another pass - then crash somewhere below . lindbergh float on down , swinging in the icy wind , é 17 . " she spirit of ST . louis " 1/8 final {8/31 int . train . night a coach rock through the winter night . the straight - back dark green seat be well occupy . lindbergh , earry the limp mail sack , enter the car , move down the aisle search for a seat . head turn to watch he . he look out of place in he fly suit and helmet . he slide into a seat beside a man who be read a newspaper . the man be about fifty , wear a derby hat , a high stiff collar , a neat black suit and tie . lindbergh , conscious of the attention he 's get , remove the helmet and fumble it into he pocket . the man sit next to he - he name be schultz - inspect he with a jaundice eye . schultz : aviator ? lindbergh : yes , sir . : schultz : oh , air 'mail , huh ? lindbergh : that 's right . schultz : well , flyin ' kinda low , arentcha , arentcha ? lindbergh : weather force I down . schultz : oh , so now that sack go on the train ? . lindbergh : they go by mule for awhile . schultz : ( laugh ) how much for a air-mail letter ? lindbergh : sixteen cent . . schultz : travel two - cent style now . any refund ? lindbergh : nope . schultz : ( laugh ) well , it 's a gyp . not practical . ( continued ) 17 ( cont . ) " the spirit of ST . lout ist 1/8/57 pinal lindbergh : we get through ninety - nine percent of the time . ' schultz : not the way iread it . the newspaper be full of air -o- plane fall down . ( point to a photograph in the newspaper ) here . crash up in New York . couple of fellow burn up in it . ' lindbergh glance at the picture : it 's the wreck of the fonck - sikorsky plane . | schultz : | bound to happen , too . that thing be too heavy . . they get to fall down . nothing to hold they up . lindbergh : . oh this be the fonck : plane . Care if I look at this ? schultz : ( hand he the paper ) oh sure . well , now , I be ask you , what 's hold they up ? lindbergh : ( start toread the article ) air. . schultz : airt oh now , I may know nothing about air -o- plane , but I do know about thing that hold thing up . that 's my business . he open a sample case . there be a vast assortment of sus - pender , a order book and some business card . he hand lindbergh one of the card . schultz : schultz be the name . 0.w. schultz . atlas suspender company . lindbergh : ( read the card ) we hold up the pant of the middle west . schultz : ? have be for seventy - five year . lindbergh : be that . so ? schultz : now then - can you . imagine any of we customer depend on air ? ( continued ) 4 re 17 ( cont . 1 ) " the spirit of ST . louis " 1/8/57 final 10. lindbergh : it 's a pretty frightening think . ( laugh ) especially in this kind of weather . ! k 1 ( he offer the card back to schultz ) ; ere I -- ' schultz : oh no , keep it . ' lindbergh : ( put the card in he wallet ) oh , thank you - I think I ought to tell you , Mr. schultz , I be a belt man myself . schultz : belt ? lindbergh : yes , sir ! : schultz : why that 's sure death . you keep strangling you gut , you will get indigestion , you will get appen - dicitis - just when you be out in the backwood somewhere and no doctor near - so they have to fly in a doctor from the nearest town . airplane fall , a doctor get kill and you -- well , you die . lindbergh : well , have my appendix out when I be in high school . schultz : well , anyway - what I be try to say be - people nowadays be all bughouse -- belt , aircovpiane ( point to the picture in the paper -- that fellow want to fly to Paris - Paris , France , that be - all the way across the ocean ! lindbergh : why not ? : schultz : well , bughouse} just , just plein pughouse ! they do not even get ten foot up . how come ? lindbergh : well something just go wrong , Mr. schultz . schultz : yes . ta tell you what . that plane need more than just a little air to hold it up ! something like a good pair o' suspender , that 's what ! he snap he suspender emphatically . dissolve : 18. 19 . " the spirit of ST . louis " 1/8/57 final 11. lambert field , ST . louis a gray winter day dust a few hangar . no runway . a couple of U.S. airmail dehaviland rock in the icy wind . several other biplane on the field . a sparse crew handle the shoestre opera - tion . : a shabby model T Ford , top up , side - curtain flap , have @rive up to louie 's shack - a makeshift diner for the ex - ecutive , mechanic and pilot on lambert field . lindbergh get out of the Ford . he be in he pilot 's breech , leather jacket with a sweater underneath . int . louiee' shack : day it 's all very primitive . a wooden counter , six stool . a wall phone on one of the rough pine wall . on a shelf beside the phone a fish bowl with some coin in it and a sign read - ing call five cent . tack on the other side of the phone a map of the eastern half of the United States . there be snapshot of pilot and plane . a radio with a loud-speaker horn play baby face . louie be pour hot water into the coffee urn . jesse , the eolore cook , be scraping the grease off the hamburger griddle , mumble a scat accompaniment . to baby face . lindbergh enter the shack . . louie : hi , slim . lindbergh : good morning , louie . jesse : good morning , tall man . lindbergh : jonesy , how be you ? louie : what 's for you ? lindbergh = ( crossing to phone ) well , a couple of egg . over. toast . no butter . ( he crank the phone ) . louie : ( to jesse ) . Ground loop two ! hold the grease guni lindbergh ?: ( into phone ) hello . get I the long distance operator . ( continued ) S " the spirit of ST . louis * 1/8/57 final 12 , 19 ( cont . ) louie : somebody sick ? lindbergh : ( into phone ) : Long distance ? I want to find out what it will stand . I to call New York City , New York -- five dollar for three minute -- well - can I buy a minute and a half - can not huh ? - you sure ? -- all right , I will go for the whole three -- get I the Columbia aircraft Corporation , woolworth Building , New York -- yes mar 'am , I '11 hold on -- louie : what you up to , slim ? lindbergh : ( take out he wallet ) do not worry about the money . here . here you be . ( arop a five spot into the fish bowl ) louie : you kinda throw it around , be not you ? lindbergh : well , I want to impress he . people be always impressed when you call long distance . especially in New York . . louie : five dollar worth of impress ? lindbergh : I want they to sell I a plane . louie : a plane ? lindbergh : yeah . it 's build to fly nonstop a long way . like ! for instance from here to St. Louis to New York . he dramatize he point on the - map tack next to the phone : he put he thumb on St. Louis and span the hand until the tip of he pinky reach New York . lindbergh : as a matter of fact , it will fly much farther than that . if I strip it of everything , add extra tank : I figure to fly three time that far ! he span he hand again - three time - off the map by now along the ' pine board . his pinky land on a lmothole . ( continued ) " the spirit of ST . lovis '' 1/8/57 final 13 . 19 ( cont . 1 ) lindbergh : one , two , three , all the way to that kmothole , . louie : what 's the knothole ? lindbergh : Paris . louie : Paris ? lindbergh : ( into phone ) hello - hello -- hello - be this ' columbia aircraft in New York ? I would like to speak to one of you officer , please - I do not care which one , but you would better give I a executive officer - this be very important - look , miss - I be call 1 one distance -- : turn to louie ) : shut the radio off , will you ? louie : ( turn off radio , then , to jesse who be still mumble the tune ) hey , shut you face . he 's talk sone distance ! lindbergh : ( 4anto phone ) hello ? - be you a executive officer ? ( gulp : -- you be the president ? -- I see . well , my name be Charles lindbergh - I be talk to you from St. Louis , Missouri - and I represent a group of very prominent businessman out here - and we be organ - izing a New York to Paris flight . and , we have be consider you bellanca -- oh sure , we would expect to buy it but could you quote we a price on it ? dissolve to : 20 . ext . state national bank of ST . louis mo . long shot day camera pick up lindbergh enter bank . lindbergh's voice : now all I have to do be find a group of prominent businessman with fifteen thousand dollar , that 's all . I have never be much of a talker , I guess , but for six week I have talk more than I ever have in my life . some say no , some say maybe and that 's about as far as I have get . now , Harry knight , he 's a fly student of mine , have arrange for I to meet some people here in the State ' National Bank . | during this speech , camera follows lindbergh into the bank and we ' | dissolve to : | '' 21. 22. " the spirit of ST . lou? S " 1/8/57 final wye . int . state national bank . day it 1s bustling with activity . the marble pillar , marble floor , the victorian grill in the teller ' window breathe of conservatism . lindbergh enter the bank . he be wear shiny blue serge pants , leather jacket , sweater , khaki shirt and dark tie . he eheck he wrist watch against the big clock . it be 11:00 am . he sit on a bench towait . knight come out of a nearby room , greet he . knight : slim ! lindbergh look around . in the open door lead to the ex - ecutive office stand Harry knight beckone lindbergh in . knight be a stocky , energetic young man - not much older than lindbergh . lindbergh get up apprehensively , cross toward knight . knight usher he into the executive office . int . executive office day if the business floor of the bank impressed you with its sober solidity , this office have get it in spade . Dark mahogany panele , dignify carpete , deep leather chair . behind the broad desk sit harold bixby - a authoritative man in he forty , with a black moustache , penetrate brown eye , and a carnation in the lapei of he well ~ cut suit . in the chair around the desk be : Major lambert - a distin - guish elderly man in a high stiff collar with a erect military bear . Bill Robertson - a handsome open -face man in he thirty with dark wavy hair . E. lansing Ray - in he late forty - a round - face , bald , sober-mind man wear rimless pince - nez glass . Earl Thompson - a dapper , blond man in he early forty , wear a pearl in he necktie . they all smoke cigar with the exception of Thompson who chew on a pipe . knight usher lindbergh in . the padded door close behind they . all eye be on lindbergh . he feel acutely uncom - fortable in he leather jacket . this be so unlike the eockpit and hangar in which he feel at home . knight : slim , this be harold bixby of the bank . harold 's also the president of the chamber of commerce . lindbergh : how do you do , Mr. bixby . bixby : Nice to know you , Mr. lindbergh . ( continued ) " the spirit of ST . lovis " 1/8/57 final 15 . 22 . ( cont . ) knight : this be E. lansing Ray , publisher of the St. Louis Globe Democrat . lindbergh : how do you do , sir . . ray : how do you do . knight : you know Earl Thompson . lindbergh : hello . thompson : how do you do . knight : Major lambert . lambert : how do you do . lindbergh : Major . knight : Bill Robertson . lindbergh : oh , hello , Bill . robertson : howdy , slim . , bixby : sit down , sir . lindbergh : oh , yes . . ( move toward vacant chair in group ) bixby : : ( behind empty chair face group ) over here , Mr. lindbergh . have a cigar ? , lindbergh : yes , sir . thank you . lindbergh sit in a chair by the desk . obviously he be not a smoker , but he be not in a position to say no to anything right now . he take a cigar . knight , stand beside hin , - hand he a box of match . bixby have pick up a thin sheaf of typewritten paper from the desk . . 7 : ( continued ) looe " the spirit of ST . louis " 1/8/57 . final 16 . 22 ( cont .1 ) : bixbie : Mr. lindbergh , we have be go over you outline of the project . now you say here on page one , " ... in order to show the potent - iality of flight ... in order to dramatic= ally demonstrate to the public the possibility of comnercial aviation ... " i : lindbergh be desperately try to light the cigar . - bixby 's you say , " ... aviation be no longer a new -born . baby , but it be in danger of become a dwarf stepchild unless capital have enough foresight to ... " ' lindbergh be still struggle with the cigar . knight lean down and whisper into he ear . . knight : you better bite the end off , slim . lindbergh : _ oh. : he bite off the end , do not quite know what to do with it , finally put it in he pocket . he light the cigar , fight a cough . bixby : then you say , " .... if man of mean and vision in St. Louis finance this flight , it would help to establish we city as a hub of the nation 's airway of the future ... " this all make good sense , Mr. lindbergh , and we certainly admire you spirit , but be such a flight feasible ---- can it be do ? . lindbergh : well -- another puff on the cigar , another cough . ray you understand , of course , Mr. lindbergh , that before we at the Globe - Democrat can lend we support we must make absolutely sure that we be not financing . a suicide . lindbergh : ( cough ) the idea of suicide never cross my mind - except maybe when I take this cigar . I be sorry - gentleman - ( he deposit the cigar in a ashtray ) , ° I dontt smoke . ( continued ) " the spirit of ST . louis " 1/8/37 17 . final : 22 ( cont .2 ) . 8 thompson : Mr. lindbergh , when you talk about this flight stimulate aviation - in about 1921 a man go ' } over Niagara Falls in a barrel . I do not remember i ' that this particularly stimulate barrel traffic ' anywhere . : lindbergh : . . . that be a stunt , Mr. Thompson . now - I do not propose to sit on a flagpole or swallow goldfish . I be not a stunt man . I be a flyer . . bixby : you suggest here fly over the ocean in a land plane - would not a seaplane be a surer bet ? if anything happen you could set it down in the : water . a . : lindbergh : ' yes , but the idéa be not to set it down on the water - the idea be to set it down on Le bourget . field in Paris . : thompson : : 5 we understand you correctly - the bellanca you . , a ) want we to buy be a single wing ? : ns : i lindbergh : : yes , sir . less drag - more lift . i ray : : and a single engine ? 5 lindberge : : that 's right , sir . and it can be purchase for fifteen thousand dollar . now I have two thousand of my own I would like to put in . . ~ bixby : . youtve get two thousand and seventy to be exact . I know you account . lindbergh : well I figure I would better keep the seventy for that rainy day . - . bixby : good idea . lindbergh : we now I know thirteen thousand be a lot of money - without any security , but if we win the orteig prize - ( continued ) 22 ( cont .3 ) " the spirit of ST . louis " 1/8/57 final 18 . . knight : : that 's.twenty -five thousand for the first non - z stop flight between New York and Paris . £ lindbergh : : so you can get you money back and then some . lambert : gaptain lindbergh , if we should decide to finance you venture it would not be to make any money -- it would be do in the same kind of - uh = spirit --- be not that what you call it , harold - spirit ? - bixby : Spirit . . lambert : : the same kind of spirit that you yourself have -- well , you know what I mean . lindbergh : thank you , Major lambert . bixby have be doodling on a blank sheet of bank stationery . over the letterhead state national bank of ST . louis , he be now beginning to doodle the word spirit . thompson : Mr. lindbergh , I be in the insurance business . it : interested in percentage . be a single - engine plane a good idea ? would not a three - engine plane be safer ? I mean in case one of the engine conk out ? lindbergh ; well , of course , there be always the danger of a engine quit - but if you have three en - gine , you be multiply the danger by three .. bixby : you want to go it alone -- no navigator , no co - pilot ? lindbergh : absolutely . : 's bixby ? . ' how long would the flight take ? lindbergh : be well , that depend on the wind . I would say ' around forty hour . — bixby : forty hour ? one man alone at the control of a plane for almost two day and night . ( continued ) SE " the spirit of ST . louis " 1/8/57 final 19 . 22 ( cont 4 ) : lindbergh : é well now , say I take a co-pilot or a navigator , . say the man weigh a hundred and fifty pound , that 's equal to the weight of enough gasoline to go. two hundred mile . I would take the two hundred mile any day . bixby go back to he doodle . the word spirit be write by now . he strike out the word state national bank . it now read spirit of ST . louis . lambert : 5 Captain lindbergh , I have cross the Atlantic = quite a few time ~- by boat , of course . most , of the time you can not see the end of you cigar . fog , fog , fogl lindbergh : ' I be use to it . in the air . mail we have to fly through soup a lot of the time . especially in winter . get to be thick as potato soup . robertson : would not worry about slim . he can fly through any . kind of soup - and a main course and dessert , too . '' lindbergh : ( laugh ) . i well , gentleman , I think I would better - ; ( laugh ) : I thank you a lot for the time . bixby : have you get a name for this plane yet ? lindbergh : a name ? no , sir , not yet . _ . bixby : how would this look - gentleman ? ( he show the doddle sheet of paper around to the man ) I mean , if we go through with it - ? lindbergh : " the Spirit of St. Louis . " I like that fine . I mean , itd like it if you go through with it . yeah , that would look good on ‘er when we land in Paris . -_ bixby : ©) . would not look so good if you have to ditch she '' . - in the ocean . lindbergh : I can make it across all right . ( continued ) '' the ' spirit of ST . louis " 1 8/57 we : final . pe - 22 ( cont .5 ) '' 236 bixby : what make you so sure you can make it ? lindbergh : well , Mr. bixby - when I be a kid and the smallest in my class I make up my mind that I be gonna be six foot three inch tall . a ' I make it . with a half a inch to spare . dissolve : ext . woolworth build , new york day it} 1s February , 1927 . lindbergh come down the street carry - ing a gladstone bag . he have spruce himself up to look like he idea of a affluent businessman - but the new coat be too short , the new hat too large . lindbergh have stop across the street from the woolworth Building and look up in awe at the tower structure . finally he step off the curb and move toward the building . dissolve : int . outer office columbia aircraft corporation it be a modern suite for the period . lindbergh walk up . to the secretary 's desk . she be type away . _lindbergh I be here to see the president of the corporation . , secretary : well he 's very busy . . lindbergh : well - he 's expect I . I come from St. Louis , | Missouri . ( he have take out he wallet and fumble for the call card ) I tell he I would come here directly as soon as I get into tow . , secretary : well , what be you name ? lindbergh : yes. ( fumble through wallet ) heret my card . the secretary look at the card , somewhat puzzle .. he have hand she the wrong card - it be the one the suspender . sale - man give he on the ' train . 25 . 26 . 276 > y " the spirit of ST . louis " 1 final 148 / 57 insert card A. 0 , schultz atlas suspender co . '' we hold up the pant of the Middle West " . 4l cherry St. Chicago , Ill . int . outer office lindbergh , secretary secretary : be you sure you be in the right office ? Te lindbergh : yés , matam . I have call he several time long distance . . secretary :! wait . look at the card incredulously , she go into the inner office , — Left alone , lindbergh look around the outer office . on the wall there be frame photograph of various new - type plane . he walk over to a photograph of the bellanca . again he. see he reflection . maybe the ascot loop be too flamboyant . he unty it again . maybe the polka dot scarf be too flamboyant . he take off scarf and coat and dump they on a chair . the secretary come from the inner office . secretary : this way , please . lindbergh : . thank you . he walk into the inner office . — levine's office , _ day behind the desk sit Mr. Levine - a short man in he thirty with a rapidly recede hairline . he be hold the call card in he hand . '' lindbergh : how do you do , sir . I come right over from the statim . I have not check into my hotel yet . ( continued ) " the spirit of ST . louis " 1/8/57 22. final 27 ( cont . ) . he put the gladstone bag down and extend he hand . levine : ( puzzle ) what be this all about ? ; lindbergh : well , sir , it 's about the purchase of the bellanca . you quote we a price . levine : I quote you a price , Mr. schultz ? ' lindbergh : yes , sir , you do . ( on second think ) who 's Mr. schultz ? levine : . I guess you be . it say here -- ( read from the call card ) " o. W. schultz . we hold up the pants of the Middle West . " lindbergh : 4 oh. I be sorry , sir . I give you the wrong q card . I be Charles lindbergh . he open he wallet again and hand the right card to levine. __ , .. ibvine : oh , Mr. lindbergh of St. Louis . [ '' lindbergh : yes , sir . this -- ~ levine : well , sit down . . lindbergh : thank you . levine : well , be we ready to do business ? lindbergh : I think so . all the financing be arrange . I have a cashier 's check right here . Fifteen thousand dollar . a . he have open he jacket and be digging the check out of do ) : & money - belt under he shirt . Levine watch he , a little of astonished and amused . . ( continued ) 27 ( cont .1 ) '' the spirit of ST . louis " 1/8/57 pinal 23 , lindbergh : I hope we can close the deal today . '' levine : I do not see why not . I will have my lawyer draw up the papers . lindbergh : Fine . wetre sort of anxious to get the air - plane back to St. Louis so we can start the necessary modification - install the tank -- ~ " levine : we can take care of that right here in New York . as to the flight , I have not make up my mind as yet who the pilot should be . lindbergh : oh , well , that 's all right . we have the pilot . | levine : bonne you do ? lea lea ~ ' lindbergh : oh yes . yes , sir . levine : look , Mr. lindbergh - we be perfectly willing to sell you the plane , but - the choice of the pilot must be leave to we , of course . lindbergh : ‘( take aback ) well , you do not mention anything about that . levine : well , I do not think it need mention . lindbergh : well , I think it do . ~ levine : we can not just have anybody fly we plane over the ocean . ~ lindberge : well , be the airplane for sale or be not t? ( continued ) 28. '' the spirit of ST . louis " 1/8/57 final 2he 27 ( cont . 1 ) levine : only with this condition . lindbergh : ( rise and pick up the check off the desk ) you could have save I a long train trip . levine : just exadétly who do you have in mind for the pilot lindbergh : I , levine : , you ? he inspect lindbergh more thoroughly , mildly amused by the ritzy outfit . then he pick up the call carde levine : " Chief Pilot - St. Louis - Chicago Air mail . " look , Mr. lindbergh , I do not want to belittle you -- but after all , New York to Paris be not like drop off a mail bag in keokuk , Iowa . lindbergh do not answer . he have pick up he bag and be walk toward the door , the check in he hand , dissolve to : ST . louis union station day A. New York Central train be move into the station . across the platform a Missouri Pacific train be board passenger , get ready for departure . passenger descend from the New York train - among they lindbergh with he gladstone bag . wait for he be bixby , knight and Robertson . there be a short , sober greeting . they walk silently down the platform . lindbergh : ( refer to he black coat and hat ) well , anybody want to buy a nice outfir for funeral bixby : we be not dead yet , slim . lindbergh : they would not sell the plane - like I tell you on 's the phone . : ( hé put down he gladstone bag and start fishing the check out of the money - belt ) but you can go ahead with it if you want to . they ! , handle all the stuff from New York , pilot a ' every= - thing . here , I think I would better give you this before I wear it out . : h ( he hold out the check ) ( continued ) 28 ( cont . ) '' the spirit of ST . louis '' 1/8/57 final 25 . bixby : ( ignore the check ) we have be mull it over , slim . we do not want another pilot . let 's get another plane . ' lindbergh : there be not another plane - not for this job - not for we budget . : robertson : why not have one build ? lindbergh : built ? you know how long that would take ? there be a lot of other flyer plan for this flight - byrd , chamberlin , wooster and Davis . that two frenchmen , nungesser and coli . they would all be way ahead of use bixby : we have be check with some aircraft factory -- there 's a outfit in San Diego , California - the Ryan company - they say they can do it in ninety day or less . lindbergh : Ryan ? I never hear of they . knight : they talk awful big in they telegram - like they get a plant ten mile long and ten thousand workmen . robertson : maybe they can do it . in the b.g. , the conductor of the Missouri Pacific train call out ' board - all aboard . ' lindbergh :. well - I would not like to gamble with you money . . bixby : suppose you go out there and look they aver . lindbergh : well , it seem like throw another two hundred dollar away , though . the Missouri Pacific train by this time be slowly start to roll out of the station . knight : ( produce a long , fold ticket ) here 's you ticket to San Diego . lindbergh : well , do not you think we oughta sit down a ! talk this thing out ? bixby : _ well , we would better talk fast . because there 's you train . ( continued ) " the spirit of ST . louis " 1/8/57 final 264 28 ( cont . 1 ) 256 30 . he point to the Missouri Pacific train move out of the station . lindbergh : I mean - this be one for the ~ well , I would better get on then . it take lindbergh a couple of second to get the idea . then he thrust the check and ticket into he pocket , grab the bag , run for the train and catch the last car . bixby , knight and Robertson wave after lindbergh , a grin on they . face . robertson : so long , slim . , dissolve to : ext . ryan outfit , san diego a sunny day a local taxi bump up . the unpave road , draw to a halt . lindbergh step out with he gladsone bag and pay the cab driver . he survey the plant . it be not a encourage sight - a gilapidate building on the waterfront - most of the window : break . a sign say : ryan airline inc . - san diego - builder of aircraft . two loafer sit idly under a tired palm tree watch lindbergh in he black hat and winter coat . the sun be hot . hetakes off he heavy coat , pick up the bag and enter the plant through the open shop door . int . ryan plant day it 's a one-horse operation . about half - a- dozen workmen in coverall be casually overhaul a couple of old plane . Three quarter of the plant seem desert , the machinery gather dust . lindbergh look about , make a little detour around a sleep mongrel dog , go up to one of the mechanic , lindbergh : . I beg you pardon - where be the executive office ? workman : where be the what ? lindbergh : I be look for the boss . workman : oh , Mr. mahoney . well , the office shack be up there . ( he indicate some wooden stair lead - to a glass - enclose balcony ) but that 's he over there with the goggle . ( continued ) i t ay " mhe spirit of ST . louis " 1/8/57 final 27 . 30 ( cont . ) he point to a welding table near the stair . stand there , shirt sleeve roll up , wear welder 's goggle be B. f. mahoney . he be busy manipulate a acetylene torch under a puilt - up steel plate . on the top of the plate two small fish be sizzling in butter . lindbergh put down he gladstone bag and stand quietly : watch mahoney fry the fish . after awhile - . ; lk lindbergh : : what kind o! fish be that ? mahoney : Sand dab . lindbergh : never see that beforee mahoney : you from California ? lindbergh : no sir . mahoney : it 's California fish . lindbergh : smell good . : mahoney : you hungry ? : lindbergh : oh , I would not mind . mahoney : well , here -- mahoney fold back a newspaper on a small table . there be more fish there . he plop one of they on the griddle . lindbergh : you do build airplane here , do not you ? , mahoney : Bet you life . High - wing monoplane . they use they on the mail run up and down the Coast . perfect record , too . . lindbergh : thing just a little bit quiet right now ? mahoney : well , maybe that 's because we build they too good . i . Real tough plane - stay up forever , you look i for a job - you a airplane mechanic ? + ( continued ) 30 ( cont .1 ) " the spirit of ST . louis " 1/8/57 final 28 . lindbergh : oh , I have be . mahoney : '' well , check around again . look like we will be hire pretty soon . expect a rush order from St. Louis . lindbergh : I see . mahoney : they want a special design with a four-thousand - mile rarr : the hand lindbergh the torch ) oh , no . not too close . lindbergh : ' ( change the angle of the torch ) oh. mahoney : ( as he push up he goggle and shout up the stair ) hey , don} come and get.it ! lindbergh stand there fry the fish . mahoney have open a drawer and take out some paper plate and fork . lindbergh : this special design - be you equip to handle anything like that ? mahoney : ( laugh ) ' Bet you life . that 's unless they want something fancy - like a build - in shower or a crystal chandelier . lo lindbergh : I suppose not . on top of the stair appear a slender young man with clear , pierce eye and intent face . he wear a green visor and a vest with the pocket bulg with draft pencil . . he : carry a clipboard and sketches . : mahoney : oh , that 's the guy that design they . Donald Hall . he 's we Chief engineer . he 's the best in the business . Hall have come down the stair . he be very preoccupiede mahoney : lemon or catsupe ( continued ) : @ 30 ( cont .2 ) " the : spirit of ST . louis " 1/8/57 final 29 . ' hall : it do not matter . when 's the bigwig from St. Louis go to show up ? mahoney : sometime today . hall : I have make some rough calculation . can not use the standard Ryan fuselage , not with that much gas . wing will have to be ten foot longer to lift the load - we will have to beef up the landing gear - lot of problem -- lindbergh : ( without look up from the cooking ) can you build it in ninety day - or less ? hall : Bet you life . . lindbergh : will it fly ? ' hall : sure - bet you life . lindbergh : I do not exactly like the way you fellow put that . you see , I be to be the pilot . hall : . you be ? : } 's ( to mahoney ) who 's he ? mahoney : I do not know . who be you ? lindbergh : itm the bigwig from St. Louis . Hall and mahoney look at each other - they . look at lindbergh - they look at he gladstone bage hall : ( to mahoney ) for rette 's sake , Frank - finally we get a chance at a good order and you make he fry fish . oo mahoney : how be I to guess ? hall : ( to lindbergh ) 5 I be terribly sorry . ( continued ) " the spirit of ST . louis " 1/8/57 pinal 6 " _ 30 ( cont . 3 ) 31 . 326 mahoney : well -- what be we go to do ? lindbergh : % suppose we eat the sand dab and get to work i dissolve to : san diego montage one a series of shot show the doze plant spring into action . under the supervision of mahoney , a full contingent of skilled worker move in - machinery be oile and readied - building material be assemble = spar and strut saw - fuselage tub be fitte - sheet of wing cover cut = gas tank be weld . in the balcony office Hall be draft plan , lindbergh lay out he navigation chart . the connect link through this montage be the mongrel dog we see sleep in the sun when lindbergh first arrive . the dog , baffle by the sudden hubbub , be try to find a quiet corner - growl at the workmen , at the tool and the machinery - they always seem to be in he waye from the welter of activity , the skeleton of the fuselage slowly emerge , rest on wooden horsese at the end of this montage - mahoney walk up the stair to Hall 's ' office , a '' a blueprint in he hand . he almost step on . the dog at the top of the stair . the dog growl and maké he way down the stair to find another refuge . mahoney pro - ceed into Hall 's office . hall balcony office ' day ' Hall be draft specification . at another table lindbergh be bent over navigation chart , lining out he rout and ~ measure off the time zone . through the window we can see the busy shop below . 's 5 mahoney have come in with the blueprint . ( continued ) eo " the spirit of ST . louis " 1/8/57 | pl pinal 31 . 32 ( cont . ) mahoney : ( to Hall ) Fred 's work on the main gas 's tank now . you sure you want it in front of the cockpit ? hall : : slim 's idea . it 's a good one . lindbergh : well , if I crash land , I just do not want to be sandwich between the engine and all that gas . mahoney : : you will be fly in a blind cockpit . you will not see where you be go . lindbergh : we get a window on each side , do not you remember ? mahoney : well , suppose you let we set this in the instrument panel . it 's a sort of a periscope . it 's just a couple of mirror in a box . Old man randolph de - sign it . help you look ahead . might even help you landing . : lindbergh : how much 's it weigh ? mahoney : nothing . a couple of pound . lindbergh : whatta you think , Don ? hall : I think we can stand it . lindbergh : all right , put it in . mahoney : how about the radio ? lindbergh : no , we have decide against it . mahoney : no radio ? - C ) : ; lindbergh : as - noe ss . mahoney : byrd , chamberlin , wooster and Davis , they be all take radio . ( continued ) i ( os 32 ( cont .1 ) " the spirit of ST . louis " 1/8/57 final 32. lindbergh : yes , but they have big plane . we can not afford that weight . mahoney : well , I suppose a sextant be all you need anyway . lindbergh : no , no , no , we can not , can not use a sextant , either . you can not operate a sextant and fly a airplane at the same time . mahoney : how you gonna navigate ? lindbergh : Dead reckoning . I take up a compass 5 head of sixty - five degree out of New York , keep correct - ing the head every hundred mile . " mahoney : what happen over the water ? lindbergh : over the water I keep watch the wave , see which direction the wind 's blow , allow for the drift -- mahoney 's 4nd hope the Lord will do the rest . _ uindbergh : I never bother the Lord . I will do the rest . mahoney : might need a little help up there , do not you think . lindbergh : '' '' no , , only get in the way . hall : ( hand mahoney a draw ) here be the detail for the shock absorber . we better get go - we be way behind . wooster and Davis be ready for they test flight . . '' mahoney : maybe we start too late . lindbergh : well , let 's keep plugging anyway . hall : Frank - we say we could do the job in ninety day or less . let 's do it in less . ( continued } @ " the spirit of ST . louis " 1/8/57 33. final 32 ( cont 2 ) mahoney : how much less ? hall : | a lot less . i mahoney : look = we can only do so much . ( he look at Hall , he look at lindbergh ) okay . let I talk to the man downstairs . I will ask they to go on a twenty - four hour schedule . dissolve : 536 san diego montage two 34 . the plant at night . work light hang from the ceiling , the crew swarm around the grow plane , press the work as hard as they can . the wing skeleton be take shape , the wicker seat be in place , the landing gear be be mount , the fuselage be : be - ing cover . . mehoney have weld some more sand dab and be take they . up to Hall 's office . again he almost step on the mongrel dog . in the balcony office , lindbergh and Hall be work under a couple of glaring light . mahoney put down the fish , walk over to the window . a new morning have begin . he open the window , shut off the light and walk out again . lindbergh and Hall be too busy to have notice mahoney , the fish or the new day . dissolve : int . shop . day the sun be slant through the skylight into the busy shop . the mongrel dog stretch out in the sunpatch . maybe he can sneak a little snooze . he can not . a enormous wooden crate be be wheeled in and unload on ' the mongrel 's favorite sunpatch . he get wearily to he foot and slink away . the workingmen be break open the crate . lindbergh and Hall come rush down the step . they watch the man lift the shiny , nine - cylinder engine out of the crate with a chain block and tackle . they be all awed by its beauty as it hang there sparkling in the sun . lindbergh : there it be . ( continued ) " the spirit of ST . louis " 1/8/57 final 34. 34 ( cont . ) hall : I understand they have have one of this j- 50 whirle wind on a test block for as much as one hundred and fifty consecutive hour . '' lindbergh : well , 3 just forty consecutive hour will do for I . mahoney have join they , a newspaper in he hand . mahoney : slim - lindbergh : it 's a shame to put it : to work right away . we oughta hang it on a Christmas tree . hall : ( laugh ) yeah . . mahoney : slim - have you see the paper ? lindbergh : noe what 's the matter ? mahoney : wooster and Davis . they be out of ite lindbergh : do they crack up ? mahoney : kill . test with a full load of Babe mahoney hand he the paper . lindbergh look at it . over a. double column it say , wooster and davis kill . lindbergh lower the paper . silence . then he walk slowly across the shop to the stair , sit on one of the step and start read - ing the detail . in the f.g. the workmen slide the engine on the track , obscure lindbergh . dissolve : san diego montage three the plane be near completion . the cover fuselage rest on its landing gear - the engine be be hoist into place - the propeller be be mount - the dapple silver cowling be be screw on . - ( continued ) " the spirit of ST . louis " 1/8/57 pinal 35 . 35 ( cont . ) 37 . the fabric be stretch on the wing . Workmen , stand in line , sign they name on the back of a cowling panel , for good lucke . . the last in line be the mongrel dog . mahoney pick up the dog , stick he paw into a oil slick and press it against the panel where the other signature be . the cowling panel be turn right side up and install - and the name of the plane come into view : spirit of st.louis . dissolve : san diego montage four ' this montage concern itself with the testing of the Spirit . lindbergh's voice : April twenty ~ - eighth . sixty - three day from the afternoon Hall trace the Spirit outline in the sand , we haul the Spirit out to dutch flat for she testeccee the first take - off - a mechanic spin the propeller , the engine fire - idndbergh signal the chock away - the Spirit be off - Hall with a clipboard make note - mahoney mark the take - off point with a little white flag - the Spirit soar exuberantly into the lofty California sky - she race low over a sandy beach - she climb - she dive - she spiral - she land again - more gas be pour into the plane 's tank - another take - off - mahoney mark the new take - off point - Hall and a mechanic measure and make note - more gas - another take - off - and another - the Spirit be do all they ask of she . dissolve : ext . ryan plant : sunny day the entire Ryan crew stand in a helf circle around the Spirit of St. Louis . lindbergh , Hall at he side , be make a little speech . ( continued ) ce " the spirit of ST . louis " 1/8/57 : final b60 37 ( cont . ) lindbergh : we be gonna shove off this afternoon . we be goin ! to St. Louis , New York a ! then we will try for the big one . we , that 's I , the plane , a ' you , tooe because in a sense we will be flyint the Atlantic together , all of we . thank you . there 's a lusty cheer . & photographer with a large camera and tripod get ready for @ group picture . photographer : how about a picture ? line up alongside the plane ! short one in front ! tall one in back . the workmen group themselves around lindbergh . : | while the photographer arrange the grouping , a troubled mahoney have come out of the plant . he walk quickly over to lindbergh . mahoney : slim - they want you on the phone . lindbergh : : well , that 's wait . come on , get in the picture . mahoney : , it 's the San Diego newspaper . I think you better talk to they . . lindbergh : what do they want ? mahoney : they want to know if you be go to change you plan now - - - = lindbergh : why should I change my plan now ? mahoney : because you = ( he can not break the bad news ) look , you talk to they . . lindbergh walk toward the plant with mahoney . Hall , realiz - ing something be up , follow . meanwhile two workmen have unfurl a banner and be stretch - ing it across the first row of the group . the banner read : built by ryan ~ flown by lindbergh - first across the atlantic . : 38 . 39 . 40 . 41 . 42 . " the spirit of ST . louis " 1/8/57 final 7 int . plant day lindbergh , follow by mahoney and Hall , have reach the phone . he pick up the dangle receiver . lindbergh : lindbergh speak -- no - my plan right now be to leave for St. Louis this afternoon . : editor be voice : have you hear ? lindbergh : _ have I hear what ? san diego editor' desk day the editor sit with the phone in one hand and a length of ticker tape in the other . in back of he the ticker tape machine click away . . editor : we have a ap dispatch here from Paris - two french flyer by the name of nungesser and coli take off for New York this morning - - int . plant : : day lindbergh stand numb , the receiver in he hand , mahoney and Hall watch he . lindbergh : nungesser and coli ? editor' voice : do you get that ? lindbergh : all right , I have that . now go one editor on the phone editor : : wheat be you reaction - now that nungesser and coli be over the Atlantic -- I mean , will you go ahead with you flight just the same -- 7 int . plant day lindbergh : : - well , I , I do n#t know . of course thing look a 4 little different now . they be experience flyer , and I be sure they will make New York on schedule . . ( continued ) " the spirit of ST . louis " 1/8/87 final 3b . 42 ( cont . ) editor be voice : then you plan to go ahead anyway ? lindbergh : yeso editor' voice : thank you for the interview anywaye . lindbergh : thank you for call . he hang upe '' nobody say anything for a moment . then mahoney speak to break the painful silence . mahoney : first time a plane load with that much gas actually get off the ground . hall : it 's a marine design . I read some place that nungesser and coli would drop the landing gear on the take -off . they will set she down on the water : right in New York Harbor . ' mahoney : sorry , slim =- look like school 's out . lindbergh 's eye turn to the open shop door . he see the crew and the photographer all set for the group picture . lindbergh : , well , let 's take that graduation picture anyway . they walk out . 43 . ext . plant day the workmen , the photographer , the banner stretch across the group . everybody happy , everybody grin . lindbergh , mahoney and Hall join they . on the way lindbergh have pick up the pooch . the workmen maneuver lindbergh to the center of the group , smack behind the banner where it read first across the atlantic . the photographer go to work photographer : all right , everybody ready ? now give I a big smile . hold it . thank you.e now once more . & dissolve : 45 . " the spirit of ST , louis " 1/8/57 final 396 spirit of ST . louis in flight night somewhere over the High sierras , the moon be out , the silver wing of the Spirit gleam against the night sky . lindbergh in the cockpit , now and then he glance out phe side window and at the instrument board , his mind be ust of lindbergh's voice : I should not nve gamble the organization 's money . well , maybe we can sell the Spirit for enough to pay they back , but I would not like to sell ter , she 's not for barnstorm or take up passenger on a dull Sunday afternoon , but we will find something else . across the Pacific maybe , dissolve : lambert field spring morning the Spirit swoops down out of the overcast sky , land easily and taxie to the hangar line , mechanic , other pilot , converge on the new plane . as lindbergh get out of the cockpit , Harry knight be there to greet he , he seem quite concerned , they shake hand , but there be nothing cheerful about it . lindbergh : hello , Harry . knight : . welcome home , slim . how long do it take you ? lindbergh = ( look at he wrist watch ) : well - fourteen hour and twenty - five minute . knight : Nice work , . Nice plane , too . lindbergh : aw , she sure love to fly . knight : ( after a little pause ) : bixby and the other be over in louie 's shack - listen to the latest on nungesser and coli . ! come on . : ( continued ) CO — " the spirit of ST , louis " 1/8/87 : final ho. : @ 45 ( cont . ) they be walk across the field toward louie 's shack , lindbergh : a they in New York now ? ck knight : : no , : : lindbergh : ' I have not they land ? knight : no , lindbergh : well - they be overdue - be not they ? knight : about eight hour . lindbergh : well , any report ? @ : knight : i 4 a couple . one that they crash - land some - : where in newfoundland , another that a british : ship pick them up at sea , nobody really imow . they walk on silently toward louie 's shack , i 46 . louiee' shack : day the man of the Spirit of St. Louis organization be group around the counter - bixby , Ray , Thompson , Robertson and lambert , behind the counter be louie , everybody be very still , listen to the voice out of the loud-speaker horn . newscaster's voice : as the fortieth hour since they take - off from Paris approach it become horrifyingly certain that somewhere out over the North Atlantic a tragedy be be enact . during this lindbergh and knight have enter the shack , there be a quiet greeting between lindbergh and the man as the radio blare on . 2 : louie : hi , slim , ~ C ( continued ) 46 ( cont . ) " the spirit of ST . louis " 1/8/57 final 4. newscaster's voice : but be it a lack of gasoline which bring down the craft of the dauntless frenchmen or some other unlook - for mishap ? Aviation expert believe that ice form on the wing in the cold , rainy region east of newfoundland may have plunge nun - gesser and coli into the windswept sea . meanwhile | at Roosevelt field , Long Island , New York , clarence chamberlin and Commander byrd , unshaken by the fate which have overtaken the french ace , be go ahead with they own preparation . as soon as they be ready they will launch they plane on the long mysterious air road to Paris which by now have claim the life of so many flyer , there be also a bulletin from San Diego , California , that a air mail pilot , Charles a , lindbergh , have leave for New York to enter he plane in the tran - Atlantic race . bixby shut off the radio , nobody say anything . lindbergh 's eye be on the map , on the pine wall and on the kmothole he have call Paris when he first talk about the idea . louie : how about some breakfast , slim ? lindbergh : okey . louie go to work on the breakfast . there be silence agein . thompson : why do not we drive you into town ? you oughta . get some rest . then we oughta have a long talk , . lindberge = a long talk ? why , have not I better go on to New York ? before chamberlin an' byrd get away ? ray : byrd 's still wait , chamberlin 's plane have be pin down by a court injunction . lindbergh : : well , that 's a break for we . I figure just about seven hour to New York , she really go , com on out , I will show you the Spirit . thompson : sit down , slim , lindbergh : well , do not you want to see where you money go ? what 's the matter ? ( continued ) , " the spirit of ST , louis " 1/8/57 final 42 , 46 ( cont .1 ) bixby : let I ask you something , slim , would not you like to re-examine this whole idea ? . lindbergh : well , what be there to re-examine ? thompson : the odd , slim . if somebody be to . take out a@ policy on this flight , you know what the odd would be ? lindbergh : but I like the odd , or I never would have ask you to put up the money . bixby : forget about the money , slim , four. man be dead , probably six by now , we do not wanta add you name to that list , lindbergh : of course you have the right to call it off , if you want to . bixby : it 's you baby , slim , you make the decision , all we be try to do be --- lindbergh : all you be try to do be give I a easy out , well , thank you just the same , lambert : it just do not look as if it can be do , maybe plane be not up to it , not yet anyway ! in ten year , perhaps , but not now , lindbergh : but it 's get to be try now ! over and over again ! until it be do ! can not you understand that ? can not -- ( sighing ) naw , I guess it 's hard for you to understand , be not it ? you be not professional flyer a ' = nungesser and coli would understand . dissolve : '' 47 . ° int . room 106 . night lindbergh in bed , restless , he eye on the window . ( continued ) '' the spirit of ST . louis " 1/8/57 final 3 . 7 ( cont . ) lindbergh's voice : eoe only a hour leave now , try to sink in . oh , why do not Frank ask they to stop type ? what be they write now ? a week ago they do not imow I be alive and now they have I bear in four different state , ( again the noise of the typewriter from below ) suddenly I be lucky Charlie , I be the Lone Eagle , I be the Flying fool -- . 4s . int , HOTEL lobby night the reporter , the smoke , the noise , we move in on a woman reporter work a typewriter ~ close enough to read what she write : garden CITY , long island , may 20 , 1927 . the flying fool be all set to hop the big pond at dawn . displaying icy composure , unworried by the fate of the six aviator who have already perished in the attempt , charle a , lindbergh retired to he HOTEL room shortly after midnight and be now sleeping like a baby , heavy rain con - - = . 49 . int , room 106 night lindbergh in bed , he eye open , look at the rain=-stained window , a wind squall rattles the windowpane . lindbergh's voice : I hope the weather boy know what they be talk about - maybe it will clear - now do not start worry about the weather again . srveteeyyme on his eye wander over to the washbasin , there be the soap , he shave stuff , and he toothbrush in a glass . lindbergh's voice : - no , I will not take a toothbrush along - I will buy one in Paris - no razor = no extra shirt - ~ no unnecessary weight - even though it 's just 3 ) , a pound - it 's a pound less to lift out of a : the mud on the runway --- ( continued ) rev 50 . sl. _ '' the spirit of ST . louis " 1/8/57 final ° runway on roosevelt field night a narrow cinder strip cut through marsh grass , rain whip across wide pool of water dotting the runway . about three quarter downthe runway be a marker lindbergh have put up - a white flag on a short stick ( like the San Diego test marker ) , now a hard gust of wind rip the white rag off the stick , lindbergh's voice : now if the rain would stop now can we get up enough speed in that mud to go up and over ? be I ask too much of ‘er ? a little bit of steel and wood and canvas to hoist five thousand pound high enough , soon enough ? int . room 106 night lindbergh in bed , stare at the ceiling . lindbergh's voice : ( continue ) oh , go to sleep now , soak you wrist in warm water . Count sheep . Count the morning glorey on the wall . go to i sleep . & he glance along the wallpaper , then he eye come to i. rest on the night table : there be pocket change , a . wrist watch , a jackkmife anda little white cardboard pox . he turn on the lamp , he reach over and pick up the box , take out a small silver medallion on a short chain , then he take a card out of the box and read it : lindbergh's voice : i " dear slim : you might put this St. Chris - a topher in you fly suit . he help way - i farer across bridgeless water , Father hussman : ! 's Father hussman . oh , you be such a bad flyer . I give you swenty lesson and you never ' ( continued ) @ " the spirit of ST , louis " 1/8/57 final 4s. 51 ( cont . ) lindbergh's voice : ( cont would ) learn anything . you be the worst stu - dent I ever have , dissolve : ! 52 . lambert field , ST , louis day | above the field a Jenny be circle . in the front cock - pit of the Jenny be lindbergh , the instructor , and in the rear cockpit be Father hussman , the student . : Father hussman be a plump I ~ of about sixty - five . the fly wisp of hair about he bald head be not exactly in keep with the serenity of the black dickey and priest 's collar . nor be he juvenile delight with be : up there at the control of the ship . mo lindbergh shout instruction over he shoulder to Father hussman . lindbergh : all right , Father = now let 's try another landing ! hussman jerk the plane into a leave bank , lindbergh : : no , no{ do not turn yet ! you be too high . just level it off , pick the wing up . pick this right wi -- where yuh go ? pick the wing up . hussman unbank and glide on for a moment . eindbergh : all right , now fly straight and level . hussman jerk the plane around again toward the field . it be obvious that the nose be point down too steeply . lindbergh : you be diving Father , pick the nose upe fly right straight and level , there we be . pick the right wing up . ( continued ) " the spirit of ST , louis " 1/8/57 final . '' @ 52 ( cont . ) hussman bring the nose up with a sharp jerk . lindbergh : pick the right wing up , Father . no , you be diving again now . it 's the teacher who be tense = not the pupil . hussman wobble the control around - grin and unaware of danger . lindbergh : ( scream ) pull the nose up . you see that tree ? the tree , do you see they ? the landing leave much to be desire : it 's a one point , the plane bounce , tilt , bounce again , careen off the runway , finally settles , Father hussman : seem very pleased with himself , hussman : ( the enthusiast ) well , not so bad , eh ? I guess I be get the hang of it . lindbergh : no , Father , you be not . and you never will . you have get no coordination , no feel for the airplane , you be waste you money . ebussman : . I do not want to be a stunt flyer . I just want to learn enough to be able to go up there once in awhile . lindbergh : but why ? you wanna buzz you congregation ? hussman : I get a lot of reason , for instance , when I be up there I feel a bit closer to God . lindberge : I would say you be closer to God when you be landing , : eussman : nonsense , I can land fine , I have get a special prayer for landing . v : lindbergeh : ° - do not you think you need a little more than that ? ( continued ) 52 ( cont .1 ) @ qo " the spirit of ST , louis '' i4e/57 final 47 . hussman : I also have a prayer for takeoff , for engine trouble , for rough air , all kind of prayer . would you . like to hear the one for landing ? it 's out of the Psalm , lindbergh : no , thank you , Father , . hussman '' : slim , do not you ever pray ? lindbergh : well , I do not have to . JI know how to land , hussman : let I ask you something ' , how come I never see you around the church ? you do not believe , he ? lindbergh : yes , I believe , I believe in a instrument panel , & pressure gauge , a compass , thing I can see and touch , I can not touch God , : . oe hussman : you be not suppose to , he touch you . lindberghs well now , tell I , Father , now suppose you be up in this airplane all alone and you stall it and you fall into a spin , you be drop like @ rock and you believe he would help you out of it ? hussman : T can not say yes or no , but he would know I be fall . dissolve : 53 . int . garden CITY HOTEL room 106 . night lindbergh in bed , still hold the St , Christopher and Father hussman 's little note , he place the medallion and card back in the box , put the box on the night table , he get out of bed , turn on the light , go to the wash basin and throw cold water on he face . mahoney enter from the hallway . mahoney 's what 's the matter , slim ? it 's not time yet . lindbergh : oh , it 's close enough . anything new from the field ? mahoney : nothing , we have a car downstairs to drive you . ( continued ) : { { t rc NY " the spirit of ST , louis " 148/57 '' final 4b . 53 ( cont . ) lindbergh have he breech on by now , he sit on the side of the bed and pull on the golf stocking and the shoe , - mahoney : ' you get any sleep ? lindbergh : I be all right . mahoney '' you take this suitcase ? lindbergh : itm not gonna take anything , Frank , not even a toothbrush , just what I will wear , mahoney 3 what about you money and the wristwatch and this 8t . Christopher ? lindbergh well , you put all that stuff away and keep it for 's I , will yuh ? : mahoney : ' yeah , you bet you life , slim , suppose -- : lindbergh : suppose what ? : mahoney : nothing . . lindbergh : ( he know what mahoney want to say ) oh , in that case send the stuff to my mother . she life in Detroit , lindbergh go on dress , mahoney sweep the money , the wristwatch and the St. Christopher into lindbergh 's bag . on second think he pick up the St. Christopher and drop it into he own pocket , dissolve : int , HOTEL lobby . night lindbergh and mahoney come swiftly down the stair and cross to hotel desk , mahoney in hat and raincoat . lindbergh in the breech , leather jacket , barehead , lindbergh put the key on the desk . : clerk : oh , you check out , Mr. lindbergh ? ( continued ) 54 ( cont . ) 55 . " the $ pirit of ST , louis " 1/8/57 '' final 49 . lindbergh : look like . a mahoney : itll take care of the bill . clerk : be there any forward address if there 's mail ? lindbergh : well , general delivery , Paris , I guess . ( a pause ) you better hold it for a couple of day . ( laugh ) mahoney : have you get the sandwich ready ? ' glerk : i '' yes , good luck , Mr , lindbergh . ( hand paper bag to mahoney ) lindbergh :. thank you . lindbergh and mahoney walk on toward the hotel exit . now the reporter see he , bedlam , the card game break up . type - writer bang shut . doze newsmen jump to they foot , reporter : hey , lindbergh ! give us.a minute , Charlie ! you really hopping off ? wearing that wishbone ? can I get a picture ? hold it , slim ! lo how would you sleep ? go to buck the weather ? they swarm after lindbergh as he and mahoney exit into the wet night . . : not : : dissolve : roosevelt field , night still raining . a hupmobile coupe splashes toward the Spirit 's hangar , in the car be lindbergh and mahoney , another friend be drive . about eight press car be follow the coupe . the car draw up before the hangar . there be about a hundred and fifty people by now , stand in the rain outside the roped - off door . casey Jones , the airport manager , signal the police to open a path for lindbergh , the people watch lindbergh with hushed , sober curiosity . ot 56 . " the spirit of ST , louis " 1/8/57 final 50. int . hangar night lindbergh and mahoney come through the crowd , the reporter push in behind they , the newsmen station themselves on one side of the hangar . the rope go up again , lindbergh and mahoney have walk over to the Spirit . the erew be still fueling the plane . boedecker , the whirlwind specialist , be tinkering with the engine , Inside the cockpit , goldsborough , the instrument expert , be install the mag - netic compass , he chew gum incessantly . Lane and blythe , two other associate , be check the accessory that will go on the trip , all spread out neatly on the cement floor : the chart and map , the flashlight , the water canteen , the rubber raft , the fly suit , helmet , goggle , etc. , etc , lane : ( read the list ) two canteen of water . blythe : check . . lane : log book . . blythe : check , . . : lane : chart . ntal : blythe : check . . : lane : one imife , - blythe : cheek , : . . lane : one seat cushion . blythe : check . 2 " lane : one armbrust cup . blythe : check. oe lane : one hacksaw blade , blythe : check . ( continued ) 56 ( cont . ) " the spirit of ST , louis " 8/57 Le final lane : two flashlight , blythe : check . lane : one box of ammonia amp fuel . blythe : check . : lane : iwo emergency flare . blythe : check , ' = lane : ' , I wish you would let we putin a parachute , slim , lindbergh : oh , it 's too heavy , twenty pound . that 's almost four gallon of gasoline , any word from the other plane ? blythe : ST not a peep from either camp , I guess they be wait for the sun to show , : lindbergh : what 's the latest on the weather ? blythe : just call the weather bureau , they think there 's still a chance , . . lindbergh : well , call ‘em again , will yuh ? I would hate to wear my galoshes . Little too heavy . lane : ' cheek . . lindbergh have walk over to boedecker , who stand on a little stepladder work on the engine , . . lindbergh : how do she sound when you rev she up ? . boedecker : ~ checked both mag at sixteen-fifty . , smooth as silk . lindbergh : Fine . ( continued ) " the spirit of ST , louis " 248/57 final 26 56 ( cont .1 ) mechanic : ( the one handle the gas on top of the fuselage ) . Three hundred gallon , Mr , lindbergh , lindbergh : that 's good , we will top she off when we get she out on the runway . goldsborough , the gum -chew instrument expert , climb down out of the cockpit . . goldsborough : want to see where I put the magnetic compass ? lindbergh look into the plane . the compass be fastened to the ceiling of the cockpit above the wicker seat . goldsborough : it 's the best spot I could find for it . itt1l swing less in rough air . but you will have to read it in a mirror , he hold a medium -size mirror against the instrument board , : . goldsborough : I get this one from the office , but itt not right . : lindbergh : oh no , it 's too big , too heavy . what you nped 's '' a small pocket mirror , ( turn to the crew ) anybody get a little mirror - about two inch square ? goldsborough : who 's get a little mirror around here ? . girl voice : _ ( from off ) T have , behind the rope among the onlooker stand a girl , about college age , she coat and hat drench by rain . she open she handbag and take out a little round mirror , : " girl : will this . do ? the policeman let she slip under the rope , she bring the mirror to lindbergh , for will grr : itts little , but it 's not square , ( continued ) " the spirit of ST , l0 uis " 1/8/57 pinal 53. 56 ( cont .2 ) lindbergh : oh , this will do fine . how 's this ? he take the mirror and hand it to goldsborough . goldsborough : well , how be I go to attach 1t ? I can not screw it on , lindbergh : stick it on , goldsborough : okay . , : goldsborough take the wad of chew gum from he mouth , stick it on the panel , press the mirror into the gum . girl : what 's it for ? : lindbergh : well , you see , this be a magnetic compass and we have no room to put it over there so we put : it right above my head , so in order to read it , i'11 look into you mirror , . ( a : che ) : girl : '' he lindbergh : be you sure you can spare it ? girl : oh , it 's nothing . just five and dime . ( laugh ) lindbergh : well , I want to thank you anyway . girl : would you let I sit in the driver 's seat ? : lindbergh : ' sure , sure , get in , by this time goldsborough have climb out . lindbergh help the girl into the cockpit . she sit in the wicker seat . : girl : so tt 's smaller than I think . it 's awfully bare . : lindbergh : i_beg pardon ? girl : it 's so bare , ( continued ) 56 ( cont .3 ) " the spirit of ST , louis " 1/8/57 final . lindbergh : yes I guess it be . ( with a smile ) when I get to Paris I '11 put in a rug , maybe some curtain , girl : ( look at the wall of instrument ) you can not even see wheré you be go , why do not you cut a hole here ? lindbergh : oh well , you could not do that . the gasoline would come out . you see , there 's three hundred gallon of gasoline up there , girl : well , do not you have to look ahead ? lindbergh : well , I can look forward through this - ( he point to the periscope ) this be a periscope , . girl : like in a submarine - under water ? : lindbergh : that 's right . except I hope I be not gonna have to use it that way . girl : ( look at the maze of lunkenheimer fitting ) what be all this for ? lindbergh : well , all this lead to the five ' tank . now they be . in the fuselage here and in the wing , I can turn they on and off and control the flow of gasoline and balance the airplane that way , understand ? : girl : not really , well , I guess I would better get out of you way . ( she climb out of the cockpit ) lindbergh : how long have you be stand out there in the rain ? : girl : all night . lindbergh : you live in Long Island ? New York ? girl : Philadelphia , ( continued ) " the spirit of ST . louis " 1/8/57 pinal 55 , 56 ( cont .4 ) lindbergh : you come all the way from Philadelphia ? girl : I have to . you need the mirror . she turn quickly away , duck under the rope and disappear into the crowd . lindbergh look after she . blythe come up . ° blythe : just talk to Dr. kimball at the weather Bureau . he sound very cautious . lindbergh : how cautious ? blythe '' fog between the cape and newfoundland . lift slowly . clesr all along the european Coast . - mahoney : a . it 's the weather over the Atlantic that 's get he worried . he would feel better if you wait until noon . : : lindbergh : yeah . : ' mo . j . mahoney : . slim , why do not you postpone it for another twenty - four hour ? you would be sure about the weather then . give you a chance to sleep some , too . lindberge : yeah . : : ( he think it over ) except in another twenty - four hour I might be fly in chamberlin 's prop wash . . mahoney : ( after a little silence ) that 's up to you , slim . dissolve : 57 . ext . hangar : dawn | lindbergh stend slone outside the hangar by the small rear door , it be drizzle . he be scan the horizon - look toward the east - where Europe lie - and Paris . the first touch of day be seeping into the dismal sky . he stand there . for awhile , then walk back into the hangar . 5 % . " the spirit of ST . louis " 1/8/57 final 56. int . hangar dawn everything at a stendstill . everybody wait for lindbergh 's decision . lindbergh 's associate , the crew , the reporter . Beyond the rope the hushed crowd have grow to some three ndre . : all eye be on lindbergh as he come in through the back door . he pick up a tarpaulin and walk to the nose of the Spirit . he cast the tarpaulin over the engine . . : lindbergh : let 's roll she out . the hanger burst into action . a truck be be back up to the tail of the Spirit . they start hitching it up . the rope come down , the policeman move the crowd away from the . door , slowly the truck tow the Spirit out of the hangar , . crewmen walk along on both side . : . policemen : ( ad 1ib ) clear it out hereooe step backooe clear the track . roosevelt field dawn : : i the Spirit of St. Louis be be pull out of the hangar and across the field toward the runway about half a mile away . the motorcycle of the policeman roar as they form a escort . Crew - man walk beside the plane . follow it the truck with the gas , then the reporter , photographer , newsreel man with tripod on they shoulder , and then the silent crowd . , . lindbergh and mahoney get into the hupmobile coupe . lene , blythe , goldsborough , boedecker get into a black seden . they latch onto the procession across the rain -drench field . the crowd sloshing in the wake of the Spirit - man in top hat and woman in evening dress - draw straight from Manhattan night life by this new thrill . and there be again the mirror girl , walk along almost detach from the other . the whole thing be very slow , almost funereal - silhouettes move against the somber , gray morning . lo they reach the head of the runway . the Spirit be wheeled : around to face the east . Men climb on top of the plane to - complete the fueling . a tarpaulin be hold above the fueling , operation to keep the rain out of the gas . a rope be go up again to hold the onlooker at a distance . the whole scene be veile by the drizzle rain . Cloud hang ominously over the field . " the spirit of ST . louis " 1/8/57 final 57 . = + 60 . lindbergh and mahoney a @ on foot , look down the muddy runway . mahoney : : . . i.do not like the look of that runway , slim . think you can hold it straight through this washout ? think you can lift she ? . lindbergh : I can if I can get up enough speed . mahoney : I wt sh we would test she with this much weight . and under this condition . 61 . another angle they signal to the driver of the coupe , who pull up . they get in the care 62 . int . hupmobile coupe dawn . lindbergh '' well , Frank , let 's drive down the runway to where that stick be . 63 . ext . runway a se , dawn | goupe spla shes down muddy runway , stop . 64 . shot of marker the white flag have be rip from the marker stick , lind - bergh and mahoney come over to it . mahoney : . : i what 's the matter , slim ? i lindbergh : - look ' like ' the wind blow away my take - off marker . : . . mahoney : this the spot ? lindbergh : yes - I measure it . listen , do you have a handkerchief ? 5 ; mahoney : way yeah . mehoney hand handkerchief to lindbergh , who tie it to stick . ( cont inued ) oo " the spirit of ST , louis " 1/8/57 64 . ( cont . ) final 58 . mahoney : - ) well , what happen if you do not get oft @ , the ground by here ? lindbergh I 'll. cut the power . , . - 2 : " mahoney : be not you slice it a little thin ? can you roll she to a stop before you pile up against that tree ? oo lindbergh : well , she will slow down pretty quick in this mush . mahoney : just do not try to lift she beyond the marker . the wind 's wrong . you will never make it over that wire and tree . es lo . lindbergh : rina watch it . mahoney : i Tim not try to tell you how to fly , slim . : : ° . '' lendbergh : 7 I know thet , franke . . : 'o they get beck into the coupe : and drive back to the ' spirit . ; 65 . head of the runway ed - ' ° paw : i the Spirit stend ready , the wheel press into the wet clay . the lest gas have be pour into the tank , the fueling crew jump off the plane , the gas truck pull off the runway . spectator , hold back ‘by the ' police , watch the hupmobile coupe come up the runway . lindbergh and mahoney get out , mahoney carry the bag of sandwich . wait be Lane , goldsbor - ough , blythe and boedecker . ~ oo cout : she 's ali top . - four hundred end twenty - five gallon . '' dey tes lindbergh : Fine . bo goldsborough hand he the fur-line fly suit . lindbergh wriggle into the outlit . Le '' ) mahoney : KS ? do not forget you sandwich , slim . there 's five of ‘em . ( continued ) " the spirit of ST . louis " '' 248/57 65 ( ) mane cont . os lindbergh : @ : put they under the seat . mahoney take the bag of sandwich over to 's the cockpit . '' mahoney : ' one hard - boil egg on white , two roast beef - two ham on rye . : 4 mahoney be about to put they under the wicker seat . he look around to make sure that lindbergh be not watch . he open the bag , quickly take the St. Christopher medal out of he the se and drop 3 it : into the bag . then he put the bag under e seat . : . . mahoney : I try to get you some sand deb . lindbergh : no sand dab , huh ? mahoney : no sand dab . _ lindbergh : - : frenk - there 's something I oughta tell : you -- z hope you will not get sore . mahoney : . of course not , slim , wee - 's lindbergh : well that send dab of yours be just terrible - the way you weld they -- with that acetylene flavor -- _ mahoney : acer veil , you eat they . a 1 : : lindbergh : well , I think I would better . I want the airplane on time . shs they grin at each other . '' landbergh put on he ' helmet , push the goggle up on he forehead , and climb into the cockpit without close 1 the door behind he . ; : . lindbergh : '' gés be on , switch be off . the mechanic wind the propeller . mechanic : naw a ) , contact ! lindbergh : . contact ! . i the engine fail to fire . ( contenued ) 'ot '' the spirit of ST . louis " 1/8 final not 65 ( cont .1 ) mechanic : off . lo lindbergh : off . '' mechanic turn propeller again . . - mechanic : contact . 7 : lindberg h : contact . . mechanic yank prop and the engine fire . the propeller whirl . indbergh revs the engine , flip the magneto switch , watch the rpm dial . lindbergh lean out of the cockpit , shouting to boedecker . lindbergh : hey , itt thirty revolution low ! it 's thirty revo - lutions.low . what do you make of it - damp air ? : : boedecker : . ‘( shouting back ) that 's . - all . nothing mechanical . ' lindbergh revs the engine once . more , then idle ite newsreel man end still photographer jump into press plane to take off after lindbergh . _ in the cockpit lindbergh once more survey the ' punwey - there be the white fleg - on one side of the ruftiway a ambulance ‘has drive up close to the telegraph pole -- on the other side of the runway a fire truck be wait . Men stand ready to jerk the chock from under the wheel . pusher , six on each side , stand behind the strut to help the plane get go in the mud . lindbergh fasten the safety belt . he pull he goggle down , put he . hand on the door and look at he friend once more . , . lindbergeh : 4 well , I guess I might as : well zo ~ he close the door . he lift he hand in e finel salute , then push the throttle in . the exhaust explode with blue fire he nod to the chock man . . lindbergh : pull the chock ! the Spirit begin to move , the pusher lean on the strut with all they might - it lumber along in the mud , gather ( continued ) " the spirit of ST . louis " 1/8/57 final es 65 ( cont .2 ) speed with sicken slowness . finally its tail come up . one by one the pusher fall away . now the Spirit be by itself 's ' lurehing onward , '' hit more rough spot . Water , splash we by the : wheel , drum on the fuselage . the crowd , the police , . lindbergh 's associate Zook oh in fearful fascination . lindbergh , with the throttle jamme to its limit , be lean out of the window , never take he eye from the white flag ahead . the Spirit , gather momentum , lurch through pool of water , dip into muddy trough . lindbergh pull ' the ' btick beck . the plane lift a few foot off the ground , then . hit the runway again , hard , the wing tilting . he fight she back to even keel . : hp try it again . again the Spirit try to lift the enor - mous weight , again it bounce heavily back to earth . the white flag be but scant ten yard shead . in ' the electrify crowd , the face of ' the onlooker - mahoney - the mirror girl . : lindbergh see the flag whip past the window - ' but . instead of cut the power , he force the throttle in to squeeze out the last ounce of thrust - he eye fix on the periscope . the felegraph pole the tree ere wash in ata e frightening speed . . mahoney - terrify - eware that bindbergh be head toward eortain death - | . be 4 _** mahowey : lo gut tt , slim ! _ a but lindbergh do '' not cut it , ' the plane rack on down the field toward the telegraph pole , the tree . . lindbergh draw the stick back in one last desperate effort . the Spirit answer to he will - the engine hammer - it lift off the ground and this time it stay . - claw its way up and up - hurl the five thousand pound over the pole and the tree - clear they by inch . one wheel scrape a wire , leave 1t swinging wildly . . ( continued ) Ie blow eub oe ie " the spirit of ST . louis " 1/8/57 / pinal / : 65 ( cont . 3 ) 66 . 67 . 68. 69 . 70 . 71 . the people below gaze , stunne . they do not cheer . they know that this be only the beginning . the flight lie ahead . the mirror girl stand alone , she clear eye follow the silver plene until it be swallow up by the overcast . int . HOTEL bedroom ( lindbergh be ) new york day mehoney be pack up lindbergh 's suitcase . int , louiee' shack lambert field day Father hussman , louie and the color cook be sit and stand around , wait for news over the radio . the eqok go over to the map on the wall and repeat lindbergh 's routine of the three hand - spen from the > edge of the map to the knot~hole . int , railroad train compartment | " day Young girl who give lindbergh the mirror be stare dreamily out of the window . she reach into she purse for she lip - stick , then fish around absently for she mirror . realizing where it have go , she smile softly , then turn to the mirror on the wall between the two window and # proceed to apply the lipstick . sod ts : . " : lome int , ratlroad , '' train '' coach mo day schultz , ' the suspender salesman , be flourishing a newspaper and gesticulate at a fellow pessenger seat beside he . insert newspaper the front page read : DAILY mirror - extra - soo ae lindy be off } 's int . railroad train coach /. day schultz be wag he head derisively and snap he ouspenier . int . ST . louis bank bixby' office day ed bixby sit at he desk , doodling ' the word " Spirit " over and over agsin on a piece of paper . sate to eerey . cana epona aue mpage etnias 736 th. 75 . : 76 . 77 . 78. 19 " the spirit of ST . louis " 8/57 final ase 's plane spirit of ST , louis day in flight over landscape - intercut with shot of landscape long island , new england day as see from plane - intercut with int , plane lindbergh day tensely at control , after a while we be show - shot of instrument . panel lindbergh's voice : | two hour . insert speedometer a lindbergh's voice : almost two hundred mile go . insert altimeter . lindbergh's voice : get a light tail wind - that help . if we can hold this schedule , in the *hirty -eighth hour yeti land in Paris . | plane spirit of ST . louis day the Spirit skim on over the New England landscape . lindbergh in the cockpit . he hold the clipboard log on he ~ knee as he make entry . the sun have come out , beat through the skylight . he slip the log back into the pouch , unzip he fly suit at the throat , squint up through the skylight as he loosen the helmet strap . he see a housefly cling to the glass . : lindbergh : well , where would you come from ? where do you think you be go ? he try to brush the fly out the window . but the fly have othar idea . it want to stay . it buzze down ami land on compass mirror . ( continued ) " the spirit of ST . louis " " 1/8/87 final 6h. 79 ( cont . ) 80 . 81 . 82. lindbergh : go on - no - out . go on , you know the rule , no co-pilot - no excess baggage . now do not make any trouble . this airplane 's go all the way to Paris -- again he try to shoo the fly out the window , again the fly elude he , buzze about he head and around in the fuselage behind he seat . lindbergh's voice : just how much extra weight would you be anyway ? I suppose that depend . if you be sit in a plane that 's extra weight , but if you be fly around inside a fly plane , would that add to the load ? very interesting problem , be not it ? where be yuh ? lindbergh twist around look for fly . close shot paper bag of sandwiches the fly be on the bag . . lindbergh = hey , get away from that sandwich , we can not eat yet .. int , plane cockpit . lindbergh : have to switch tank again . I must do this every hour . : he reach for the valve , turn one off , turn another on . above the valve on the instrument panel be a shart of the various tank : nose tank left wing CENTER wing right wing fuselage | a he make a mark under nose tank . over new england ~ os day the map on lindbergh 's lap . his pencil follow the course . the ink line run south of Boston across the tip of cape cod . lindbergh look out the leave window , through a smoky haze he see Boston in the distance . he look to the right now . ( continued ) " the spirit of ST . louis " 1/8/57 final 65 . 82 ( cont . ) 83. the plane be over water . now there be a lighthouse beneath and fishing boat and then the bluish hook of cape cod . lindbergh draw a circle around the tip of cape cod and jot down 9:52 a.m. the plane pass over cape cod . now there be just water beneath . in the cockpit lindbergh see the fly dart about on the com - pass mirror . lindbergh's voice : --- what 's the matter - water scare you -- and this be not the real thing yet - still plenty of land ahead -- . . . . ( he have unfold the map ) -- nova scotia - newfoundland -- ' ( he yawn ) the Spirit climb steeply through rain and cloud , the top of the rain clowis , a sea of white fleece , blue sky above , the sun beat down , the Spirit burst through the cloud , level off . . we int , plane oe : day his eyelid be heavy , he leg be stiff and cramped , he throat parched . he take he fly helmet off , open the canteen , pour some water into he cup hand and douse he hair and face . he put the canteen back . . lindbergh's voice : -- only four hour go and I be exhaust . no , it 's not four hour , it 's twenty - eight hour since I have have any sleep -- why do I let last night go to waste in the hotel room on Long Island ? -- I would settle for a hour in that bed right now -- no , no , fifteen minute -- well , it would not have to be a bed , either -- I would sleep on the floor -- I always could sleep any place - any time -- when I be a kid. in Little Falls , Minnesota -- dissolve : minnesota landscape _ day railroad track run alongside a river . a ten -year- old lindbergh be sleep on the riverbank , he head on the rail , he fishing pole . support on a fork stick , the cork float - ing on the water . : ( continued ) @ 8 " the spirit of ST . louis " 1/8/57 final 66. 8 . ( cont . ) } 85 . 86 . 87 . lindbergh's voice : -- I would sleep on the railroad track by we farm -- wait for the catfish to bite -- a train come steaming down the track toward the little boy . the boy do not move , he know this . - train , some twenty foot away the main line fork off . the train swerve and rumble away from the sleep boy . dissolve : brooks field barracks night the cadet be sleep in upper and lower bunk , moonlight stream through the window , . lindbergh's voice : -- or when I be a fiy cadet at brook field , Texas --- the day be too long and the bunk be too short -- . a , the camera move between the row of bunk , one upper bunk have be fix up to fit a tall cadet ; a éxtension board project tnto the aisle - on the board lindbergh 's bare foot rest comfortably . a tough-looking sergeant enter and walk down the aisle , in - spect . as he near lindbergh 's bunk , we see lindbergh 's hand slip out from under the blanket and quietly work the ex - tension board back into the bunk , while he foot pull under 's the blanket . as the sergeant turn on he heel and march out , the hand work the board out again and the foot reappear to settle themselves comfortably on the extension board . dis solve : kansas prairie sunrise the first ray of sun streak across the wide prairie , stake down by a couple of heavy stone on the tie line , lindbergh 's Jenny stand in the f.g. lindbergh sleep in a hammock stretch under the top wing . in the distance a windmill turn slowly . lindbergh's voice : or back in the barnstorm day sleep under the wing of my old Jenny by a windmill that pump . sweet water out of a Kansas prairie -- : - : dissolve back to : the spirit approaching nova scotia day in the cockpit a drowsy lindbergh be not concentrate on the job at hand , the memory of sleep make he eyelid droop . nqonttnied ) 4 a " the spirit of ST . louis " 1/8/57 final 67. 87 ( cont . ) 88. the Spirit dron through break cloud - without a firm . hand on the control , it fly a rag course , lindbergh have close he eye . the fly have light on he face and crawl down he forehead and across a eyelid . lindbergh brushes the fly away , he eye wide open again , he realize that he have almost drop . off . he see the fly on the instrument panel . . . . lindbergh's voice : I be not really asleep -- just practice for when we get to Paris -- if we get to Paris -- he rub he eye , loosen he shoulder , exercise he neck , now through the window , down through the break cloud he see land ahead : white surf break against a rugge coastline . the sight of land anvigorate he , he open the throttle . over nova scotia dogg see : — the’ Spirit fly in from the sea , it 1s not a invite coastline : desolate and cold , dot with myriad bleak lake . lindbergh take out the map and check it against the contour of the coast below , % the ink line of he route run the length of the big island label nova scotia , he find he position on the map . '' lindbergh's voice : nova scotia --. now I will not have to turn back here . it 's as clear as the sun , open sky . open sky to newfoundland . six mile off course . that 's six mile after two hundred mile of water . if I hold this margin of error how far off course would I be when I hit Ireland ? let 's see , it 's nineteen hun - dre mile across the Atlantic so that would , that would be sixty mile off at Ireland . well , I will settle for that . er , nothing too wrong with this dead reckoning navigation except maybe the name . he check the compass in the mirror , correct the head , check the time on the panel clock , switch valve on the lunkenheimer system , mark the fuel chart . Shots of the Spirit fly over nova scotia . lindbergh in the cockpit look through the window and see - - a man ona motorcycle , riding down a primitive nova scotian : road , as he ride , he wave up to the plan . - i from the cockpit lindbergh wave back . . ( continued ) i " the spirit of ST . louz " 3/8/81 final 88 ( cont . ) lindbergh : ( to man ) hey ! hey !... ( to himself ) I have a motorcyle once . harley - davidson , blue . won a couple race with 'er , too . I have ‘er for about a year and a half and then drive she down to Georgia . traded she in on a airplane . dissolve : 89 . flying field in georgia a hot , dusty day lindbergh in a cap , breech , lace boot , come bounce down the rough airfield road on a bright blue motorcycle , a bindle tie to the rear fender , the exhaust backfire with every bump . he ride up to a hangar with some surplus jenny outside , on the hangar it say : clean - up sale ! surplus plane - ready to fly , a man in a seersucker suit sit in a rock chair outside the hangar fan himself with he panema hat . a mechanic be work on one of the enny , se " salesman : _ leokin ' for something ' , son ? ae lindbergh : you the man to see about surplus army plane ? es salesman : a yeah , I sell ‘em . . : , lindbergh : well , I be interested , salesman : Flyer ? . lindbergh : yes , sir , Pilot friend o' mine back in nebraska he say you have some real good busy here . oe salesman : nebraska , eh ? : ( he get up and lead lindbergh to a Jenny ) sure , we get some jenny pretty cheap . that one 's the best of the lot . do not look like much , but the engine 's fine - just wind she up and take she af . . lindberge : how much ? 7 - , salesman : five hundred . cheap enough . lindbergh : well , what would you say to four hundred and I will throw in the motorcycle ? ( continued ) " the spirit of ST , louis " 1/8/57 final 69 . 89 ( cont . ) salesman : would not think much of that , son , four fifty and the motorcycle , lindbergh : naw , that 's too steep for I , might go for four twenty - five . salesman : four forty . the gas tank 's full , lindbergh : all right . all right , it 's a deal . salesman : I will just -- lindbergh loosen the top of he right boot . the salesman watch he take a roll of bank note out . lindbergh count four hundred and forty dollar and stick the rest back in the boot . '' lindbergh : now there 's four hundred , you want twenty , twenty , forty . : salesman : ever fly a Jenny ? lindbergh : oh , a plane 's a plane . you fly one you can fly ‘em all . : . he get the bindle off the motorcycle . salesman : mtm , real hot pilot , eh ? : ' lindbergh : you wanna pull ‘er through for I ? salesman : . ( to mechanic ) crank up , Pete . keep she nose down on the turn . she 's only get ninety horsepower . the mechanic wind the prop . in the cockpit lindbergh turn the cap backwards , racing atyle , put on a pair of cheap , round goggle . . lindbergh : - switch be off . ' mechanic : contact ! ( continued ) " " the spirit of ST . louz " 1/8/57 final 70 . 89 ( cont .1 ) lindbergh : : 3 @ contact ! : the engine catch , the mechanic pull the chock , lind - bergh taxie away . the salesman and mechanic look at the motorcycle . there be a pool of oil on the ground and more - drip from the motor . then they look toward the field . z lindbergh be go for a take -off . it 's a miserable try . his tail go too high - he bang it on the ground - swerve leave and right - bounce up , bump down - almost ground - loop . of the salesman 's horror , the plane appear to be head smack dab for the broadside of a big barn . after a futile yell , the salesman run for the motorcycle , call the mechanic . . . salesman : Pete ! the mechanic pick up the cycle , kick on the motor , the salesman jump on the rear seat and they take off in pursuit of the plane which be just swerving around the barn . . . salesman : : : : ( yell over roar of motor ) . now just a dange minute , you .... in a cloud of dust , the motorcycle chase the bound plane around the barn and somehow get catch in front of it on the way back . cut away sharply to avoid get run over , the cycle spill , while thes plane rumble to a halt a few hundred foot away . the bresthless salesman limp over to lindbergh who be sit calmly in the cockpit . a salesman : hey ! you plumb go nutty in the head ? lindbergh : how 's that ? i : | salesman : whattaya tryin ' to do ? ci lindbergh : I be try to get off the ground . . : : salesman : that 's a real fancy take - off technique you get . vv lindbergh : . ' , - well , the air 's pretty rough today . : the salesman and the mechanic glance at the windsock . , it | hang limply against its pole . they look at each other . ( continued ) 'ot a 89 ( cont .2 ) '' phe spirit of ST . louis " 1/8/57 final 71. salesman : yeah . regular storm condition . lindbergh : well , do not worry e I will get off this time . salesman : say , son , where have you be fly ? lindbergh : oh , around . salesman : around what ? lindbergh : around lincoln field , nebraska . a very good fly instructor up there , he say I be he best student . salesman : ( laugh ) . woo hoo . I would hate to see the rest of the class . lindbergh : well , there be not any class . I be the only student . salesman : that instructor , do he ever solo you ? lindbergh : no , not exactly . you see , he just have one air - " . '' plane and he be afraid I would cnack it up so now I be gonna solo myself . salesman : look , son , here 's you money back . you stick to riding that leaky motorcycle . it 's closer to the ground , sone lindbergh : no , I buy the airplane , I be gonna fly ite salesman : nosy noe lindbergh : : ( to salesman ) do not worry . I will practice a little mre before I head West . ( continued ) @ " the spirit of ST . louis " final 89 ( cont .3 ) : he gun the motor and the plane move off . salesman : ( shouting after lindbergh ) 90 . 1/8/57 tee you better practice in that direction - that 's where the hospital be and a undertaker . lindbergh 's Jenny rack and weave down the field . the salesman and the mechanic watch the crate wobble into the air , rise over the barn and disap pear behind it . , spirit over newfoundland dissolve back 10 day the Spirit fly over forebode , snow - cap mountain , forlorn canyon . lindbergh in the cockpit . he zip up he it . he push out the periscope to see ahead . he maneuver the plane around peak , . through valley . he glance down at the grim terrain . lindbergh's voice : no wind . not a breath of air on that lake . what a strange wilderness . bad country for a force landing . six pom .. eleven hour from New York . hundre mile from St. john' . then the North atlentic . nungesser and coli might have hit one of this peak . if they do they will never be find , not down there . his eye be on the periscope . the mountain ahead blur , then dissolve in roll fog . lindbergh 's face tighten . he gun the engine , pull back the stick , climb the plane . lindbergh's voice : foge one hour from St. John 's , fog ! well , maybe it 's only a patch hang to the mountain . this be no patch . this be the end of the flight if we can not find open sky . - the Spirit clinb into the blind sheet of fog . lindbergh's voice : I can not start out across nineteen hundred mile of sea without a check point for the compass . ( continued ) 'ot " ehe spirit of ST . louis " 1/8/57 ° pinal 4 6 / of T 90 ( cont . ) 91 . lindbergh's voice : ( cont . ) St. John 's be the key bear to Ireland . almost seven o'clock . St. John 's be down there . not too far ahead if we be on course now there might be a ceiling tothis stuff . do I take a chance and let down 's that chart do not tell marry how high the mountain be here . how deep can I go . without wrapping we around a peak ? well , there 's one way to find out . - the above speech is.accompany by shot of the plane fly through dense . fog , of the fly . on the instrument panel , of lindbergh peer vainly through the periscope or the window . the Spirit glide down through the fog . the engine be moffle . the wind sing through the strut . lindbergh , tense in the shroud cockpit , watch the periscope mirror , glance out the window , check the . instrument for he rate of descent . '' in the periscope mirror there be nothing but gray mist rush at the plane . suddenly the gray begin to lighten -- turn to white - then the fog be go and land be close below . lindbergh open the throttle , level off the plane . he be relieved , but do not relax . the Spirit fly over desolate lake on a nigh plateau . - - then the land fall away abruptly and below in the sun lie St. john' . int . plane a lindbergh : ~ ' St. John 's ! . . ( to fly ) '' come. on over here and look at this . he take . out chart . and trace . course . the fly settles on ' the chart . . 2 lindbergh : : - nineteen hundred mile to Ireland . no ship , no island , all liquid . I 92 . 936 oh . it in he pocket . now he check the instrument again . " the spirit of ST . louis " 1/8/57 final the shot of the plane fly at low level . shot of ST . JOHN from plane at low level . lindbergh : ( to fly ) you sure you do not want to get off here and find yourself a nice garbage can down in St. joh n's ? the fly sit there for a second , then take off from the map . lindbergh watch the fly buzz around the cockpit and sail out through the window . amuse , he look after the fly . lindbergh's voice : well , I do not blame youe so long he wing over , send the Spirit diving down through the narrow and out toward the limitless sea . . dissolve : fiber teeta ee over the atlantic ae dsk : the Spirit fly about three hundred foot above the water . 5 , Beyond the plane the. last.of the day be fade . lindbergh *. peer down from the window - to determine the wind direction . '' fhe ocean from above - the wind whip the wave diagonally aeross the screen . . lindbergh's voice : wind from the northwest , blow sbout thirty mile a hour . I will angle ten degree north to compensate for drift . this have get to be my last drift estimate until dawn . - 4 he correct the compass head . and ? . the Spirit fly on toward the boundless horizon where night . be fall . h lindbergh don the helmet , pull the goggle over he eye , zip the suit up , take out the flashlight , test it , put ~- ( continued ) " N " dhe spirit of ST . louis " 1/8/57 final 756 9h ( cont . ) 956 lindbergh's voice : . qil pressure fifty - nine and steady - fuel pressure three - point -five and steady - indicate air speed ninety mile a hour - altitude three hundred foot -- no , you would better get she up higher -- much higher -- play it safe . ~ ( he climb the plane ) if anything happen you could cling to the sky @ little . longer -- you could still turn around and -- nurse she back close to land before you ditch . ( a new think ) -- if what happen ? -- ( like a barker now ) -- why , folk , this machine here be completely safe and absolutely . dependable -- thousand of flight without a mishap -- be not that the spiel you have - barnstorm in the old Jenny -- bee ee wes dissolve : midwestern landscape . summer day lindbergh 's Jenny : stand in a pasture . paint on the fuselage iss : : slim' spectacular sey -ride 10 minute - 5 dollar for ' lindbergh stend by the ' plane , give out with : a spiel use a small megaphone . some thirty local folk listen attentively farmer , they woman and child , cow and dog . some of the farmer have come in wagon , on horse , in model T 's . . lindbergh : : eww - all right , folk , who want toe the first one up there ? who want to defy gravity , folk ? . who want to see he farm like a bird see it ? * who want to kiss he girl in the cloud ? how . about that ? I tell yuh , folk , this machine here be absolutely safe and completely dependable . it 's make thousand of flight without one single mishap . who here be gonna be the first one ? ( to a old farmer sit on a wagon seat ) - hey , dad ! you , how about you ? how about ten long minute for five dollar ? : ' - ( continued ) 'ot 95 ( cont . ) 96 . " the spirit of ST . louis " 1/8/57 final 76.0 old farmer : no , siree Bob , not I . I be not goin 's up in no erazy windmill ! lindbergh : I will throw in a couple of loop - the-loops . one old farmer : yeah , turn she upside down and dump I out ) . . lindbergh : impo sible ' for you to fall out , the safety belt hold you in , dad . a old farmer : what if the safety belt bust ? - then what ? : lindbergh : then I will give you my parachute and it will float you down like a great big umbrella . the old farmer : . whet if she do not open , the big umbrella ? then : what ? 5 - lindbergh : I be glad you bring it up , dad , because if any - thing like that . happen you get double you money back ! ( another boff ) dissolve : barnstorming montage ( a ) ( b ) ( e ) ( a ) . a old indian chief - sit wooden - face in the lindbergh in the rear cockpit of the Jenny , the 01d Farmer in the front cockpit . lindbergh loop the plane . the farmer love ite : a newlyw couple - the bride cling to she groom , she veil whipping in the wind into the rear cockpit over lindbergh 's face . he brushes it away Jenny - he elbow out , he index finger thrust into he éar . smell airfield . night . the Jenny stand on the line , engine run , lindbergh in the cockpit . from another plane a couple of man rush toward the Jenny , carry film.can . the can be label dempsey - firpo . they dump the can into the Jenny , the choct be pull and lindbergh take off . — 97 98. '' ( he spirit of ST . louis " 1/8/57 . final tt . summer sky day lindbergh fly peacefully along in the Jenny . he have not get a passenger , but he ha m't get a'worry either . now he notice that he be not alone in the sky . from the opposite direction another Jenny 1s approach - all beat up , too - if anything , even shaggier than lindbergh 's . on the fuselage it say : fly with bud gurney 10 minute - 5 dollar as the two barnstormer pass , they wave casually . lindbergh's voice : and we do not always travel alone . meet another gypsy in the sky - that 's the way I meet Bud gurney - give ' im a wave , invite he to dimer . lindbergh point down .. the two plane wing over , glide down , land in a field beside a river . dissolve : field by the river . - late summer '' + apternoon the two plane be park side by side . lindbergh and gurney have have they bacon-and - egg dimmer . the wood fire be still smoulder . lindbergh be lie in the warm gress . gurney , he shirt -tail out , be do a repair job be the fabric of he plane - glue a small square of cloth owr a tear in the winge . gurney : guy , I know in : abilene , Texas , be make up a circus . how about the two of we latching on ? lindbergh : cireus ? gurney : yeah , fly circuse he 's look for stunt pilot , wing walker , parachute jumper . . / lindbergh : . I have do some jump . no wing walk , though . ' . gurney : itil teach youe he will guarantee we about eight week of county fair date . ought to be pretty good money . . ( continued ) " rhe spirit of ST . louis " 1/8/57 final 78. 98 ( cont . ) lindbergh : sure could use the money . that Jenny of mine need a new set of tire - valve job , too . gurney : j Boy , will my old man ever have a fit when he find out I have join up with a fly circus ! he.keeps tell I I be a bume . ' gurney have finish sealing the patch on the wing . now that he turn around to walk toward lindbergh , it become quite evident where that patch come from - from the tail of he shirt , a square piece be miss . gurney ? 's my oid man' in the construction business - in wichita , Kansas . he want I to come home and go to work . for he - say I come from respectable people ~ that he run a respectable business -- and that he only son be a bum . '' they both laugh . he lie down néxt to lindbergh . gurney : so ' Tim a bum . you com from respectable people ? a : oo _lindberge : uh - my father 's a lawyer in Minnesota - ~' and 's then he be in Congress for . ten yearse _ gurney : Congressman , huh ? . lindbergh : yeah . but that 's not for I . you em't do it from a plane . - . . : '' gurney : | ( a pause ) no. my.old man say fly be for the bird . ' . . lindbergh : ( laugh ) be that what he say ? gu en ey 's -- and if God mean we to fly , he would have make we bone " as hollow as we headse - ( a long pause ) . maybe there be some thing wrong with ws . ( continued ) 996 100 . 101 . 102 . 98 ( cont .1 ) '' the spirit of ST . louis " 1/8/57 final 7196 . lindbergh : well , maybee gu rney : what be it ? what make we go up there ? ' lindbergh : you tell I . : ! the two pilot lie quietly - look up . in the pink sky ' a flock of bird wheel and play . . dissolve to : '' AIR curcus montage a country fair grounds , people afoot and in stand watch two brightly paint , multi-color airplane stunting . ageinst a bright blue sky .. one plane be lettere " daredevil lindbergh , " the other " capt . gurni ... french war ace . " a : series of spin , roll and loop , with the plane trail vari-color smoke streamer ; there be shot of wing walker and a plane - to- plane transfer , climax by a rapid-fire - series of parachute drop , each . jumper release several brightly color chute in succession as he drop . this shot . be intercut with shot of the fascinate , applaud crowd and the whole seqience end in a eruption of color toy balloon soar to the sky and fill the screen . dissolve back tq the spirit of ST . louis - , : night fly low over the ocean . : int . plane : lindbergh at the control , still talk to himself , fight to keep awake . he pull down goggle , look out of window , then back to instrument . as he talk , he adjust fuel valve , etc . : lindbergh's voice : sixteenth hour . seventeen hundred mile back into yesterday , back to New York . here there 's nothing , nothing but the sound of the engine . shot of engine : spurting flame from the eylinder exhaust . ( continued ) ah " ? he spirit of st.louis " 1/8/57 pl final 80. 102 ( cont . ) gs3 lindbergh's voice : 'o it 's turn sixteen hundred and twenty - five revolution a minute . that 's more than eight hundred explosion every minute in every cylin - der -- how many explosion in nine cylinder . that 's seven thousand a minute -- that 's almost half a million a hour -- there 's twenty hour to go -- ten million ex - plcsion - ten million blast of white hot flame against red-hot metal before I land ... how can a engine stand such torture ? -- what if a cylinder crack ? valve stick - 7 a '' bear burn out ? : — exhausts flame , the engine roar on . shot of the Spirit over the night ecean . . lindbergh listen to the throb of the engine , watch the instrument closely . his tired eye scan the instrument . through the goggle - the glass of the goggle reflect the luminous dial , the bob needle . lindbergh's voice : . I - I only have to make it through this night . tomorrow will take care of itself . his eye be on the periscope . he see a tiny white something far away on the water . he stick he head out the window to get a better look . the thing have the shape of a ancient windjammer , white as snow - whiter yet by contrast with the dark ocean . lindbergh's voice : whe 't 's this ? it look like a great big white ship . a ship with sail . o0 - 0h , it can not be that . a windjammer in nineteen ' wenty - seven ? it look like a ghost ship . he fly the Spirit directly toward the thing - closer and closer . it 's not a ghost ship . it 's a iceberg thrust out of the sea . . lindbergh's voice : it be not though . it 's there . but -- oh , it 's a iceberg ! of course , that 's what it be . . why , I never think of iceberg . I should ( ) : have be look for they , this close to the ECS . Arctic Circle . as the Spirit pass over , lindbergh look down on the still , massive expanse of ice . . to ( continued ) '' nay . " the spirtt of ST . lourst * final l/e/st Le 102 ( cont .1 ) 103 . lindbergh's voice : look at the size of it . it 's gimost big enough to land on . hey , that 's a idea , iceberg for landing field . why , if it be flat enough I could just slip ‘er right down and cyt the engine and stop and go to sleep . there be a tired smile on he face as he fly on past the iceberg . he watch they fall behind . he turn back to the instrument panel , push up the goggle , rub he eye . . lindbergh's voice : how long 's it be now ? forty hour , I guess . well , we would never pass inspection today , not at brook field . dissolve to : brooks field " day four shine army plane and twenty shine cadet be line up smartly for inspection . Captain coleman - the antiseptic disciplinarian - be give the outfit a thorough go over . he walk down the line , follow by a adjutant . first he run he white - glove hand over the top of a wing , check for dust . it 's spotiess . next he disapprove of the angle of the propeller . all the other plane have they propeller straight up and down . this one be slightly cocked to one side . he shoot a dirty look at the cadet in charge of the plane . the cadet nudge the prop into line . that 's good enough for Captain coleman . he move on to the next plane , duck under it , inspect the under - belly of the engine . a drop of black oil fall on he nose . he freeze - straighten up slowly - then confront the cadet leader of the leaky plane - no shouting , mind you - more cat and mouse . captain : : . see anything on my nose , bibb ? os second cadet : yes , sir . captain : any idea what it be ? : second cadet : o11 , sir . captain : o11 % that 's funny . where would the oil come from ? . second cadet : from the engine , sir . ( continued ) " the spirit of ST . louis " final 103 ( cont . ) captain : 48/57 well -- what be we go to do about it ? ( no answer from the cadet ) what do you suggest , bibb ? second cadet : I suggest you wipe you nose , sir . captain : you do , eh ? ( work himself up to that stroke ) all right , man - I will give it to you again ! some of youseem to think that this airplane be garbage can . when you join this here army air service you marry this plane ! now take care of they ! Love tem , scrub them , shine ‘em , keep tem '' in shape ! a dirty airplane make for a sloppy pilot ! and I be not gonna have any sloppy pilot graduate from this here field ! during this harangue the SOUND of a approach plane hes become increasingly louder . the Captain do not like to be @rown out . he look up angrily . circle over the field be lindbergh 's Jenny . it 's in pitiful shape . the engine knock and spit . the fuselage cloth be patch all over - the strut hold together with baling wire and splint . the lettering ( slim' spectacular sky -ride - 15 minute - 3 dollar ) be wear and peel . lindbergh get '' peady for a landing . he do not look much better than he plane - he greasy helmet come apart at the seam , he goggle awry on the top of he head . the Captain and the cadet watch the horrible crate set elegantly down on the field and taxi toward they . the Jenny come to a stop , radiator steaming . lindbergh climb out . the Captain - beet-re by now - stride toward lindbergh , he adjutant in tow . captain : ' youl you can not set that thing down here . do not you know what this field be ? sir . lindbergh : this be brook field , be not it , sir ? : captain : : it 's a army field so get out of here ! , lindbergh : I be assign here as a fly cadet , . captain : oh , nos lindbergh : I be sorry , sire ( continued ) " the spirit of ST . louis " 1/8 , final ae ol ) @ captain : how do you think I feel ! lindberge : ( hand he some papers ) I take my exam at chanute field , Illinois , sir . be be a sharp ping from the Jenny . they look around . a rut have snap , the wing sag . the Captain eye the crepit , steaming Jenny in disgust . ) . : lindbergh : brittle , be not she ? captain : this papers say that you assign to this field -- ' okay -- but I will not tolerate this filthy erate of yours at this air field ! anwhile , the inner tube of one of the Jenny 's tire be sping out and blossoming into a balloon . lindbergh : she 's a fine little machine , sir -- she fly like a dream a ' never let I down . captain : get ‘er outta here J lindbergh : all she need be a coat of paint and a few bolt -- honest -- . she 's filthy ! '' and Jenny settles on one side . captain : ( explode , too ) she 's -- get ‘er out ! push ‘er , pull ter , tow ‘er , but get ‘er outta here . lindbergh : , tube explode . yes , sir ! ( move toward the Jenny - stop - turn back to the Captain ) I beg you pardon , sir , but you have a little something on - you nose , sir -- . _ captain : that do it ! that do it ! I 'ma patient man , but I will give you exactly thirty second to get that filthy crate of yours out of here . \dbergh run to the Jenny , pull the ignition wire , spina pe the engine fire , the Jenny begin to move . wgh duck under the wing , vault into the cockpit cowboy - 16 , clank down the field and take off . ( continued ) ( 8/57 at the air-borne 8 . suddenly snny have come 3 Captain . k back to je dissolve back to : night handle the the seat , try - t stamp he foot | he put he out . for eighteen heavy glove . hand out to deeply of the the window . ' turn the fe ] iy ct . | with onto the on she wing ! the wing . there for the wing must grab on er ? ( continued ) " the spirit of ST , louis " 1/8/57 final 85. 106 ( cont . ) he shove the throttle to full power , draw the stick back , fight to get the plane up . lindbergh : come on now , climb outa this stuff before we get too heavy . lindbergh watch the altimeter - nine hundred foot - eight hundred foot - drop . the ice on the wing get thicker - obliterate the registra - tion number . the altimeter be on seven hundred now . lindbergh : you be stalling , you be stalling ! now turn around , get out of here , get back to warmer air , he bank the plane around . for the first time since he leave Long Island , the Spirit now fly west - from right to leave -- and lose altitude all the time , the altimeter show five hundred foot . lindbergh work hard to maintain altitude . below he see the raging sea whipped up by the wind -- and ehead a open in . the icy cloud , he swing the plane , try to get through - - before it 's too late - - or be it too late already - - ? the Spirit burst out of the ice storm into the moonlight . it look beautirul - like a strange sleigh - all sugar - frost - - yet it 's sink -- drop helplessly from the weight of its beauty . the motor begin to die . lindbergh's voice : there it be , ice smother the carburetor , burn it out , backfire it out . blast the gut out of it . work furiously at the control , lindbergh gun the motor into a series of shatter backfire and it pick up again . but the Spirit be still drop under its heavy load of ice . we see the altimeter needle move inexorably down toward zero , lindbergh rock the plane desperately , try to shake off the ice , but it hold , lindbergh : - well , I can not hold she any more - we be go in .. he throw the beam of the flashlight back into the fuselage ( continued ) - to check the emergency equipment , ) { " the spirit of ST . louis " 1/8/57 final aee > 106 ( cont .1 ) lindbergh : rubber raft , air pump , flare - ( they be all there ) tank of water , ( he swing the canteen about he neck ) where 's my knife -- . he draw a hunt imife from the pouch , hold on to it . the wheel seem to be touch the crest of the wave - 1 almost , he pull he goggle down , reach for the throttle - ready to cut the power , . he do not cut it , on top of the wing the ice split , a big slab peel off , hurtle back against the fuselage and into the sea , lindbergh , hand on the throttle , eye on the water , ready to ditch . at the crash of the ice , he head shoot up . he imow the sound , he kick the rudder hard , . the plane rock violently - the wing perilously close to the water . '' '' more ice break off , batter against the fuselage , drop off , lindbergh pull back the stick . . the altimeter begin to climb . the Spirit , its icy shackle scale away , rise slowly back into the sky , in the cockpit , lindbergh let the plane climb to about a thousand foot . - put the knife away , push the goggle up , hang the canteen on its peg , sit back in the wicker seat - exhaust , he fly on for a little while - then suddenly realize the situation , lindbergh's voice : all right now , now turn around . get back on course the Spirit come out .of its turn and again fly east - leave to right . + lindbergh have take out the ocean map , spread it on he '' lmee , 3 nap the flashlight on it . he study the map - he look up into the mirror to read the compass . : the compass be swinging in a wild be , ( continued ) |? 106 ( cont . 2 ) " the spirit of ST , louis " 1/8 final b4e / a7 lindbergh : something wrong with the air inductor compass . it must be freeze up . ' {he rap on it with no effect ~ turn to another instrument ) E magnetic , magnetic 's all haywire , what 's happen to everything ? ( look up at sky through skylight ) all right , let 's fly by the star , find the Big dipper . 107 . shot of night sky 108 , int . lendbergh's voice : the star be there , somewhere . they have always be there , climb up and hold onto they , - the tiny fire point above the dipper , it 's polaris , the main star of the northern pole , now.guide on that . over my shoulder and we go south . ride it above the leave wing - tip and we direction will be east again , when it 's fade I can aim at the dawn . dissolve : plane " dawn lindbergh check he instrument . the compass be work again , lindbergh's voice : and the earth inductor compass , it 's steady again , it 's work again , so 's the magnetic , and I be fly east . but what do that mean ? I be fly east , what do that mean ? I wonder how far I - wander off course last night ? where be I ? I have get to find land , some land , somewhere before my gas be go . now get busy , get to work , sleep 's crawl out of its box again , now put it back , - keep the lid on , Force yourself to think . now let 's see now , how far might Europe be ? 109 , ext . shot of plane gray day fly over ocean . 110 . int . plane lindbergh fight sleep and try to figure he position . lindbergh's voice : it 's the twenty - fifth hour and St. John 's be eleven and one quarter hour from New York . now ( continued ) " the spirit of ST . louis " 1/8/57 final 88. 110 ( cont . ) lindbergh's voice : ( cont . ) I be twenty - five hour from New York so eleven from twenty - five -- I -- twice eleven 's twenty - two then eleven and fourteen make twenty - five . well , whatta I want with twenty - five ? what be it gonna use that for ? oh , I hafta start all over again . now , er -- oh , in a minute or two . after my mind 's clear . I -- now let 's see . the unrelent pulse of the engine be pound at he con - sciousness - a surf wash in and out , in and out . under lindbergh 's eye the instrument panel seem to catch the rhythm of sound , move in close , the instrument dial loom large - then fall away , throbs in close again . lindbergh shake he head like a punch - drunk fighter . he take cotton from he ° pocket , stuff he ear , buckle he helmet tightly . the engine 's beat be muffle - but it remain - a insistent siren 's song , @ monotonous musical note in its measure ebb and flow . lindbergh's voice : in the afternoon =- I will figure it all out this afternoon . . in the cockpit lindbergh sit immobile - a man asleep with he eye open . his head slowly sink forward , he eye to the last on the compass - they close . his hand slide down the control stick , fall off to dangle between he leg . under he foot the pedal move without aid . the Spirit fly steadily on for awhile , the control stick bob a little . very gradually the nose of the plane drop below the horizon , the wing tilt . : lindbergh roll slightly , do not awaken . the drine of the engine take on a faster tempo , wind through the strut rise to a whistle - the Spirit glide down in a ' ever tightening spiral , do a odd sort of ballet in its descent - leveling for a moment sideslipp into the spiral again . in the leaden sky a strange thing happen . from nowhere 28 wind push at the cloud - the cloud whirl - and suddenly a shaft of sunlight creep through the open gulf , catch the fall plane in a brilliant spotlight . . in the cockpit , as the plane turn this way and that , the sunlight touch the compass mirror , reflect a dazzle sun - beam against lindbergh 's close eye - snap on and off as if a hand be open and close a switch . of lindbergh , in he sleep , turn he head to avoid the purning . wink of light - but there be no escape the sunbeam - it , stab again at he eye . he open he eye for a fraction o. a second , close they . the whistle of the twist , ( continued ) '' the spirit of ST . louis " 1/8/57 final 89 .- 110 ( cont .1 ) 111 . — 112 . diving plane penetrate into the flyer 's consciousness . his eye open dully , blink against the flash mirror 's light . through the window he see the uprush sea . for a agonizing moment he do not grasp the situation . the plane be terribly close to the wait ocean . dizzy , grop , lindbergh lurch upright , grasp the control stick , swing it over , kick hard at the rudder . the Spirit straighten into a power dive . lindbergh ease the stick back . . | the Spirit level , skim over the wave , bank away . in the cockpit a grim , ashen - face lindbergh bring the Spirit back on a easterly course . dissolve to : over the atlantic afternoon the cloud have disappear over the ocean . the Spirit fly along in a hot blue vault of sky , above a slick , still sea . lindbergh in the cockpit , he helmet loosen , the goggle dangle under he chin , red -ey but alert , watch the ip trument panel , occasionally scan the emptiness about Far below several sea gull glide just above the glassy water . . : lindbergh see the gull . oe '' ~° lindbergh's voice : that 's a seaguil . . there !s another one ... with ... _ here ? ... we be hour from land . how could ----- lindbergh see . something on the ocean below , suddenly snap alert , lean out of the window , stare intently . lindbergh's voice : . _& ship 's mast ! gull follow ship . and if they get -- if I could get a --- look there 's some thing ' ahead there . that be fishing boat !. shot of fishing boat , day as see from descend plane . ' Three fishing yawl , riding at anchor , be come under the Spirit 's wing . : lindbergh look down on the vacant deck as the plane pass over . he bank around , drop lower , come back over the ; boat . lindbergh circle the little fleet . this time he ( continued ) : " the spirit of ST . louis " 1/8/57 final 90. 112 ( cont . ) see a couple of man , stare up at he - utterly freeze . es @ lindbergh : ( scream over noise of motor ) which way be Ireland ? gen , cc . a man , immobile , stare agape . lindbergh cut the motor and . circle again , dangerously low . lindbergh : ( shouting ) which way be Ireland ? the man stare blankly . lindbergh gun the engine , bank the Spirit on a easterly course . he look back at the boat , then concentrate on bring the compass to a head . lindbergh's voice : why , why do not he answer ? he could hear I . I have - I have make myself hear from airplane before . maybe he 's never see a airplane before . maybe he do not speak English . I be , I be not anywhere near Ireland or anywhere . I might not be any -=- I be too far south . lindbergh be again fight sleep . he see the horizon wear - ily . suddenly he pull down he goggle and stare hard . Far in ' the distance , lie under a canopy of cloud , he see small island jutting up out of the ocean . lindbergh's voice : there 's land ! it be land ! it be land ! that 's no phantom , that 's earth . that 's green , live earth . that 's -- no , - no , wait a.minute . now just a -- wait -a minute . here that 's not possible . it 's only the twenty - eighth hour . but a tail wind - would account for my be early , but how could I -- I have be off course . it 's earth all right . the island draw nearer , become clear - cut and real . the Spirit wing over they . the curtain of cloud lift . lind - bergh see a larger island and beyond the mountain of a mainland . the long island be under the Spirit - a verdant landscape , tiny farm block in by stone hedge of green ivy . lindbergh's voice : but what earth ? where ? where be I ? I could be anywhere from Iceland to the coast of Africa . it could be Spain or Portugal . on he have take out the fourth map - Ireland , England , France - ly study it feverishly , compare its line against the con - tour below . ( continued ) " the spirit of ST . louis " 1/8/57 pinal 91 . 112 . ( cont . 1 ) his pencil trace the western coast of Ireland - pass over Valencia Island = then come back , hesitates as he check the land below , a expression of disbelief on he face . lindbergh's voice : it could be Dingle Bay . that point to the north there . the shape 's right . 113 . | cut of coastline as see from plane . lindbergh's voice : that island off to the right there - that fit . that line up right . it be -- Dingle Bay ! the Spirit come in from the sea over the irish mainland , fly low through a mountain pass , over the sod roof of a farmhouse , down into the valley where sheep , feed in the Kelly -green pasture , scamper away at the sound of the plane . 114 . int . plane lindbergh be jubilant . he wave out the window , at people below . lindbergh : it 's Ireland ! hey ... - heyooce the people below , on boat , dock , field , wave up at he as he fly by . dissolve : 115 . int . plane afternoon lindbergh be check he flight map against landmark be - low . the plane be now over England . lindbergh's voice : that 's plymouth , that 's the pilgrim ' town . why , I fly over plymouth rock right outside Boston . when would I do that ? why , yesterday . well , a hundred and eighteen mile across the channel to cherbourg . a hundred and eighteen mile . well , what 's a little channel , I have just fly across the Atlantic ucean . he adjust throttle and check gas chart . ( continued ) 'o '' the spirit of ST . louis " 1/8/57 final 92. 115 ( cont . ) 116 . 117 . 118 . 119 . lindbergh's voice : add a little more power here . now let 's have some lunch . he stow away the map and pick up bag of sandwich , as yet . untouched . with mechanical deliberation he open the bag , reach in fdr a sandwich , bring out the St. Christopher ' medallion on its chain . he hold it up in front of he face stare at it , smile faintly . ! i lindbergeh : ( softly ) Frank mahoney . with a kind of tender indulgence , he reach forward and hook the chain over one of the knob of the instrument panel , it hang there , swinging slightly . then , with the same mechanical abstraction he slowly extract a sandwich from the bag , unwrap it , glance at its content , and stuff it dryly into he mouth . as he munch with great delibera - tion , he crumple the wrapping paper into a ball and start to toss it out the window , catch himself and tuck the wad paper back into the sandwich bag . spirit of ST . louis late afternoon in flight over English Channel , toward France . below @ ship be steaming toward England . lindbergh's voice : . Coast of France . there 's cherbourg . now turn northeast along the coast , find the mouth of the seine River . shot of french coast and seaboard sunset as see from plane as it bank and turn . shot of the mouth of the ' seine river dusk int . plane dusk lindbergh 's. voice : there it be . all right , now fly right up the river to Paris . it 's ninety - eight mile and one more hour . no , no , make it fifty - eight minute . fifty -eight minute . he fight torpor . shake himself , he reach for the can - teen . ( continued ) '' the spirit of ST . louis " 1/8/57 final 936 119 ( cont . ) 120 . 12 ... 122 , lindbergh's voice : better wash my face , clean up a little bit . ( he sloshes a handful of water over he face ) now just hold on for one more hour , one more hour , suddenly the motor stop , lindbergh , with cotton in he ear , do not miss the sound for a second , but he feel the difference and the altimeter show that the plane be lose altitude , in a momentary panic , he tear the cotton from he ear and he eye dart to the fuel gauge . it show empty , there be a moment of sicken dismay , then a snort of anger as he realize he have forget to switch tank . he turn a valve but nothing happen . lindbergh : well , no , no , that 's a’wrong tank , switch to one with some gas in it . he turn another valve and the gauge needle rise to full , the motor start and , as lindbergh pull on the stick , the altimeter show gain altitude . ' dissolve to : int . plane . night lindbergh be look below for landmark . , shot of the outskirt of paris night as see from plane , a gossamer spiderweb jewele with @listen dewdrop , in the heart of the web be a golden glow -- the arch of triumph . the plane bank around it and the eiffel Tower come into view , half - silhouett against a blue-black sky . . int . plane night lindbergh 's joy show through he rigid mask of fatigue . lindbergh : there it be } there it be ! he look vainly for the air-field , the ground below become obscure , lindbergh's voice : Le bourget . now where 's Le bourget , I 'tm right in the heart of the city . it should be to the northeast . better check the map . ( continued ) ‘eo G 123. 12h . 125 . 126 , " the spirit of ST , louis " 2/8/57 final 9h. 122 ( cont . ) he pull out a map show Le bourget , and strain fever - ishly to read it . . | | insert of map show Paris and Le bourget . int . plane night he can not read the map . lindbergh's voice : what 's happen to I ? what 's happen to I ? my eye -- I can hardly see , I have be fly this airplane for over thirty - three hour , I have not sleep for three day . now -- I can not let it catch up to I now , he turn the plane to the northeast and peer down desper - ately . shot of approach to le bourget night a pattern of light begin to appear . . . ' lindbergh's voice : there , that must be Le bourget , must be , what be all that light ? shot of le bourget the runway flare path become discernible as the plane bank and circle , in addition to the various fix light , . search light begin to stab upward from below , seek the plane , lindbergh's voice : I have get to be sure . well , there 's only one way to find out . I will drop down . the plane circle lower . . oo . lindbergh's voice : now careful now , careful . I be as low as I dare go . the searchlight begin to hit the plane , momentarily blind - ing lindberg as he lean out of the window . ( continued ) - " phe spirit of ST . louis " 1/8/57 : . final 95 . . 126 ( cont , ) 2 lindbergh's voice : I ) ( a note of hysteria begin to creep into he voice ) : that light - what be that light ? be there a carnival or something ~ what be all . that light ? 127 . another shot of airport at very close range , we see , in huge letter , le bourget paint on a hangar roof , 128 , int , plane night lindbergh's voice : I would better come in over the hangar , stop ter short of the light and do not roll into the dark there , you do not know what 's there , now quarter turn , Quarter -~ make the approach , now full turn . not yet . hold it now , hold it , no , now you be in line . now throttle back . he ease the throttle back , the plane go into a glide . e lindbergh's voice : 's . do not stall it ! now do not . «= the air speed indicator blur , he wipe he hand across he eye - the instrument clear , blur again . he gun the . engine - shoot over the hangar - climb , for ' lindbergh's voice : what 's the matter ? what 's the matter , have you . forget how to land a plane ? you have get -- : I have get no feel . I can not feel the sirplane . he throttles down , the ship go into its glide , sound diminish , lindbergh's voice : what -- no , you be diving . you be diving , pull out , pull out . gun it -- {in panic ) gun it -- he throw in the throttle - the engine blast - he throttles down again - a lindbergh's voice : '' : : now straighten out . straighten -- you be too . high , you be too fast . slip it , slip it . he move the control , the plane cant over . ( continued ) | '' the spirit of ST , louis " 1/8/57 final '' 96 , 128 ( cont . ) 129 . 130 . . lindbergh's voice : more. more , kick right rudder . kick -- I be -- I be goint in , I be go to tear this up , I be -- what be you landing prayer , Father hussman ? what , what do you say ? the Spirit slide over the hangar , wind howling in the wire lindbergh's voice : oh , God help I ! ' the plane turn slowly to right itself - the wheel touch '' earth , smoothly , evenly , the plane roll through patch of light and dark - finally halt - the propeller die , in the cockpit lindbergh sit hunch forward , he hand on the ignition - then he fall back into the seat , exhaust , he face bath in sweat . close shot instrument panel show the St , Christopher medal , int , plane Far away in he consciousness he hear the faint cry of many voice - he turn he head to look out of the window . thousands of people be run across the field toward the plane . they flood around the plane - tear open the cockpit door = drag lindbergh out and carry he on they shoulder . lindbergh look back toward he plane and see part of the crowd swarm all over it . he look around wildly for help , spot a gendarme struggle to stand upright in the swirl throng . lindbergh : ( point back to the plane ) no ! no ! they be tear up my airplane ! gendarme : ( grin and gesticulate reassuringly up at lindbergh ) : non , non , non . they be take it to the : hangar . there be nothing to be do anyway , for lindbergh 1s be carry away as on a mighty tide . dissolve : — _ — _ — $ — $ < — $ $ — $ — $ — $ " the spirit of ST , louis " 1/8/57 final 97 . 131 . int . hangar le bourget night a squad of french police push the Spirit into the lofty dark hangar , and , close the massive door , range they - selve against they . the crowd outside can be hear ina muffle roar , chant rhythmically , " lindbergh - lindbergh - lindbergh -- " over and over and over again . lindbergh enter by a side door , follow silently and respectfully by a few french official , he have take off he fly coverall and helmet , carry they over he arm , he walk briskly and directly over to the Spirit , lean he head against a wing strut for a moment as if in silent prayer . he gently finger the rip and tear in the fuselage , as if they be live wound , and pat it reassuringly . turn away from the plane , he nod to the wait official . and walk firmly toward the exit , : lindbergh's voice : there be two hundred thousand people there that night . and when we come back homethere be four million wait ... dissolve to : @ 132 , insert of a actual old newsreel showing reception give lindbergh on he arrival in new york ( a ) new york STREET day : the street be deck with bunt - the building have flag and bunt drape out of the window - the air be fill with tear paper and ticker tape . the thou - sand of people be milling , yell in the street , ( > ) a parade of uniformed men 4s march toward the camera . lindbergh be in a automobile , the crowd be roaring . 1 ‘( c ) another view of the STREET camera pan down , show the building all festively drape with bunt , while in the street the crowd continue to roar and cheer at lindbergh . fade out .