the Dark by Neil Marshall revision 3rd September 2004 contact : Christian colson celador film 39 Long acre London wc2e 9lg tel 0207 845 6800 black silence , initial credit come up , white on black , helvetica cap , cut on , cut off , very minimal . a single , low frequency note build and cut off before we hard CUT to : ext - white water raft - day 1 lurching headlong over the edge of a fall we be thrust into the heart of the action , pile -drive down the rapid with a exuberant american at the helm ! JUNO kaplan , fiesty , sexy and hard as nail be steering the rubber raft as she friend sarah and beth paddle frantically on each side . CUT to : ext - rapid - day 2 the team continue they journey downstream at a frantic pace , toss around on the water like rag doll , barely able to maintain control against the current , treacherous rocky outcrop hurtle by on either side , boulder beneath the surface , lie in wait to snag flesh or break bone . JUNO be loving every dangerous second of it . sarah and beth be less certain . eventually , they make it through , into calmer water . but it be the calm before the storm . ahead of they lie one final challenge ... CUT to : ext - white water raft - day 3 sarah what be that ?! JUNO the meat-grinder ! beth who name this thing ?! the full horror of this fall become more apparent the closer they get to edge . sarah I do not know if I be ready for this yet . they back - paddle to slow themselves down ... unsure . sarah look ahead and see at the bottom of the rapid , stand on the river bank , be she husband paul ( 35ish ) and she daughter jessica ( 5 ) JUNO clock this as well ... JUNO come on Sarah ... they be watch you . let 's make ‘em proud . CUT to : ext_ - riverbank - day 4 paul kneel beside jessica ... paul here come mummy .... can you see she ? jessica I can see she ! mummy ! CUT to : ext_ - white water raft - day 4a sarah take a deep breath sarah alright ! beth alright ?! JUNO alright !!! come on ! paddle ! they paddle in earnest toward the brink . there 's no go back now ! with a stomach - churn drop they go over , into the fray . almost immediately they lose control , spin through the narrow confines of the rock . JUNO ( cont 'd ) keep paddle ! sarah and beth struggle against the current as they be throw back and forth , bounce off the rock ! finally emerge from the ' meat -grinder 's , they drift toward shore , where paul and jessica come to meet they . jessica mummy ! mummy ! JUNO , glow with the thrill of it all , pat sarah on the shoulder ... JUNO that be not so bad , be it ? sarah and beth be in fit of hysterical laughter . glad to be alive . JUNO stand up in the boat , clowning around for jessica 's sake . beth shall we ? sarah yeah ! they both push JUNO over and she fall backwards into the water . paul grab she hand and pull she to shore , as jessica greet she mum with a big hug . beth , drag the raft to shore , clock the look JUNO give paul as he pull she too close . it 's just a moment . it could be nothing , but it could be something . then it 's over . they be all laugh as it begin to rain . Thunder boom overhead . paul jess , come on , you be go to get wet . paul and jessica head back to the car .... JUNO turn to sarah . JUNO you go on ahead . sarah you sure ? beth we can finish up here . you go . sarah thanks guy . we 'il see you back at the hotel . sarah turn and hurry off after paul and jessica . 5 a 5 B sarah ( cont ’d ) hey , wait for I ! CUT to : int - car - day 5 paul , drive , be distant , he mind elsewhere . he recoil when sarah touch he hand . nothing deliberate or nasty , but he mind be on something else , someone else . CUT to : ext _- car - day 5 a move across the front windscreen as the wiper clunk and whine back and forth , we pull focus to jessica , play in the back then pull focus again to see Paul turn from glance at she to the road ahead . int - car - face forward - day 5 B we look out of the front windscreen with sarah on the leave , paul on the right . traffic speed past in the opposite direction , throw more water against the windscreen . another car be travel ahead of they . they be move at speed . suddenly , the car in front of they veer leave into the curb . it bounce back across the road and into the oncoming lane slamm into the back end of a pass van . the impact be enough to knock the speed van off course , send it hurtle directly toward US ! sarah scream out , paul try to steer clear but the van collide head on at high speed ! the van be load with scaffold , and the force of the impact cause one of the scaffold support to hurtle forward like a missile , through the cab of the van , through both windscreen and into paul 's face , impale he head ! CUT to : 6a 6b ec 6d ext . country road . day 6 in the chill calm of the winter countryside , sit the two mangle vehicle . a pool of blood ooze from the car like a oil slick , flow slowly towards the camera . CUT to int - hospital room - night 6a sarah , lie in intensive care , break and bruise but alive , wire up to all manner of equipment . a heart monitor bleep regularly . dissolve to : int . dark room . 6b jessica . illuminate by five flicker candle on the birthday cake in front of she , she giggle slightly as she turn to look at someone behind she ... CUT to int . hospital room - night ec ecu - sarah 's eye open wide . she do not jump . it be as if waking from a slumber . she look around at this strange unfamiliar room , at the tube and needle in she arm . as she begin to pull they out , the heart monitor flat - line and give off a steady , constant tone . she get out of bed and we CUT to : int - hospital corridor - night 6d the entire building be apparently desert as sarah emerge from she room . she pause , look each way , the pure white of the fluorescent light almost glaringly harsh . suddenly , beyond she , the furthest fluorescent light flicker and die , leave a gape black hole at the far end of the corridor . sarah turn to it , entrance by the shadow . we can hear something within the darkness , a scratch sound , then breathe ... sarah back away .... another light go out , the next one along , extend the darkness toward she , follow she as she retreat , walk at first , but when a third light go out , she quicken she pace . again we hear the sound come from within the darkness , mix with she own gasp as she break into a run , the light switch off in succession behind she , the darkness pursue she along the corridor and catch up . no matter how fast she run , she cannot get away from it , until at last she glance behind she and the light above she go out ! now she be in the darkness , run after the light . she glance back . there be a harsh rasp shriek , come at she from the shadow , and she turn back she run headlong into beth ! suddenly everything return to normality ! they be in a busy hospital corridor . all the light be on . people come and go , and sarah be still just outside she hospital room . beth Sarah ? but sarah be a quivering wreck , unable to fathom reality , cling to beth for support . beth ( cont would ) Doctor ? doctor ?! we look over beth 's shoulder at sarah 's eye , blank , stare as we fade to black . scene deleted 7 ext . aerial . dusk 8 flying low across the treetop we follow a car , its headlight on full beam , wind its way along a desert road high in the mountain . subtitle : 1 year later . appalachian mountain , USA . dissolve to : int . car . mountain road . twilight 9 beth drive . next to she sarah , she hair cut short , stare blankly out at the pass road . beth be fiddling with the radio from which some swampy , twangy music emanate beth its mud , blood and beer ... she twist the dial again and we hear the bellow of a preacher . beth ( cont would ) or God . beth switch off the radio . sarah stare out at the gloomy dusk , oblivious . suddenly a overhange branch bang against the windscreen , startling sarah . beth look at she and stop the car at the side of the road . there be that total , rural silence that account for the in - breeding and the high suicide rate . beth we do not have to do this you know . we can turn back , stay in town , get waste and go to a barn dance . sarah now that be frightening . a motorcycle zoom up out of nowhere , two shaven - head local guy on it . as they headlight pick out the girl in the stationary car they scream and holler , the back passenger raise a clench fist in salute . the noise and the biker be swallow up by the gather darkness . beth my kind of town . sarah straighten up , pull herself together sarah you be right . we do not have to do this . but I be not go to be the one to tell juno ... beth smile , relieved . she start up the car and they continue on they way . beth she 's a piece of work - she always drag we out to the middle of . ( more ) 10 14 12 beth ( cont would ) she probably bribe someone to get Rebecca and Sam green card just to make sure we stay on she turf . sarah she come to England last year . beth ( mutter ) and she leave pretty quickly . sarah Beth ... it 's no - one 's fault scene deleted 10 scene deleted 11 ext . mountain lodge . twilight 12 the same car drive towards we and pull over , its headlight in ecu . we pull back as they switch off and Sarah step out of the passenger side . beth get out too , stretch . on the veranda in front of this log cabin JUNO wait for they . JUNO Sarah ! Beth ! she stride towards they , radiant and confident as ever . she sweep sarah into a embrace , catch beth 's eye as she do so . beth look back at she , cool . sarah juno . JUNO hold Sarah 's face in she hand . she 's warm , intense , compelling ... JUNO everything 's go to be fine . better it 's go to be great - go on in , Rebecca and Sam can not wait to see you . she take sarah 's bag and push she towards the light and laughter . once Sarah be out of earshot , JUNO look at beth . JUNO ( cont would ) how be she ? 13 beth she 's here . I would not push it any further than that . pick up she bag she walk past juno . beth ( cont would ) I will look after she . JUNO it 's not a competition Beth . beth sure . and they head towards the door past a large window , through which we can see woman gather around a roaring log fire , drink , talk and laugh . int . lodge . twilight 13 Rebecca Van ney ( tall , athletic , scandinavian , mid 20 ) have she arm around sarah . rebecca it 's so good to see you . so good . a smaller version of Rebecca run into the room . SAM Beth ! Sarah ! sarah get up to embrace she . it be clear from the expression on she face that all the light , the people , be slightly too much for she . sarah ( quietly ) Sam . thank you for you letter , it mean a lot to I . SAM I be sorry I could not be there . mid - term ... JUNO ( change the subject ) Sarah , you know Sam 's go to be Doctor Van ney in like , a year 's time ! beth please tell I it 's longer . 10 . JUNO I be go to fix we some drink - Sarah , come help I ? but Sarah be stare into the fire , distract . JUNO shrug and walk off . SAM laugh at beth . SAM I can treat you arthritis now if you like . I hear it all start fall apart past twenty - five ... beth swipe at she playfully ... beth can anyone make I feel any older ? and in walk holly , about 18 , in skate clothes , with ring everywhere and spiky hair , smoking some home - grow . she be incredibly attractive . holly ( european accent ) hello . you be the teacher friend , yes ? beth great . just put I in a rock chair . rebecca this be Holly . juno 's ... protege . beth ( mutter ) I always think juno would eat she young . Rebecca laugh holly ( sharp ) I be a little bit tough for that I think . sarah I have hear all about you . you be the crazy one who jump off building . holly ( laugh ) base jump . building , yes . it be illegal . but a high . 14 15 11 . she wave she joint and all the girl laugh , tension dissolve . holly smile at sarah . holly ( cont ) I like you short hair . it 's better than before . juno show I photo of when you use to climb together JUNO ( at Sarah 's shoulder ) plus I find this classic , from we first ever trip . she hand sarah a old slightly batter photo . it show three teenage girl - JUNO , sarah and beth - with they arm around each other , elate , against a blue sky . sarah God . check the hair ! CUT to : ext . lodge . night 14 the lodge , its window light up , look invitingly warm against the forbid backdrop of the vast forest . we can vaguely see the woman enjoy themselves inside , the sound of they laughter and conversation fade on the breeze . we hold on this for a moment and then very slowly begin to track in on the window . int . lodge . some time later 15 the girl be sit around , relaxed . a large number of empty wine bottle . sarah what happen to josh , Sam , be you guy still together ? SAM kind of , sort of . different shift ... sarah what about you Holly ? holly I be like juno , you know , the sport fuck ? Rebecca too I think ? but when I be a old lady maybe twenty - four twenty - five I have baby ... 12 . there be a awkward silence . Rebecca squeeze sarah 's hand . holly ( cont would ) what ? sarah ( calm ) I have a child . she die . a year ago . Holly look at she . holly shit . juno tell I about you husband but I do not ... no-one can think of anything to say . JUNO fill the silence : JUNO ( to Sarah ) so Rebecca and I be go into business . we have set up a company . beth a company ? how very ... conventional of you juno . rebecca it 's a woman - only outward - bound centre . we be go to do trip all over the country - climb , cave , skydiving , surfing ... she stretch she impossibly long leg . rebecca ( cont would ) there 's a real market for woman who do not want the bullshit that come with a mix group . holly what bullshit ? JUNO ( teasing ; of Rebecca ) well , there 's the gear freak . that guy who have to have the latest gadget and use it all the time . no room for instinct . Rebecca laugh , realize that juno 's comment be direct at she . she continue the joke 16 17 13 . rebecca ( of Holly ) and the peak -bagger - they do not care where they be ; it 's just about whether they have get to the top of enough of they ... sarah ( of juno ) and the guy who have get to be the leader ; who have get to hold the map and want to turn the whole thing into the army . I have have they . beth ( to Sam ) and the guy who make you the baby of the group even if you have do more than they . rebecca ( to Holly ) see ? you just do not get that bullshit with woman . they all laugh . CUT to : int . lodge . bedroom 1 . later 16 rebecca and JUNO be pad around prepare for the morning . rebecca have a impeccably tidy pile of gear at the foot of she bed . JUNO a pile of clothes and a map . CUT to : int . lodge . bedroom 2 . night 17 holly be lie on she bed while SAM pack . a low lamp be burn . holly be in a very brief T-shirt with ' kill all the hippies 's on it , and SAM be in pjs . they be pretty drunk . holly have a crappy mini stereo play tinny surf / punk music . she be smoking a joint and swigging from a hip flask that she pass to SAM . holly so you go on trip with all this girl before ? 18 19 14 . SAM just once . juno start they when she be at school in England , and then pick up Rebecca when she move back here . holly why go on holiday with you sister ? you do not want to meet guy ? SAM well , I have get a guy . holly pick up a photo of she boyfriend which be by the bed . SAM ( cont would ) have you be to boreham cavern ? holy I see it in a book ... CUT to : int . lodge . hallway outside bedroom . 18 walk past the bedroom JUNO overhear . holly ( 0.s. ) ( cont would ) ... it 's Starbucks , you know - hand rail , tourist thing ... it 's not adventure . juno linger by the door , eavesdropp ... CUT back to : int . lodge . bedroom 2 . night 19 holly if you be a climber , jumper , caver you have to just do it and not give a fuck or the thing that be bigger than you will get you . SAM pat holly 's hand . SAM I think that weed might be bigger than you Holly . holly hand the photo back to SAM 20 21 22 23 24 25 15 . holly you be lucky . he look like a bad boy . CUT back to : int . lodge . hallway 20 JUNO walk away look piss off , bump into rebecca who have clearly overhear as well . scene deleted 21 int . lodge . bedroom 3 . night 22 beth be asleep . sarah be in she bed awake , stare , glassy - eye . dissolve to : ext . lodge . night . 23 the wind whistle through the tree and the moon light up the night as we CUT to : int . lodge . bedroom 3 . night 24 sarah be still awake . she get up and go to look out of the window , she eye strain in the dark . through the tree she can see a flicker of light , a flash of yellow , and on the wind she hear the giggle of a child . sarah press she head against the window , the cold condensation ease the pound in she head and smash - a scaffold pole come straight through it impale itself in she head and spurting blood everywhere ! smash CUT to : int . lodge . bedroom 3 . night 25 as she awaken bolt upright in she bed . sarah Jesus ... 26 27 28 29 30 16 . she fall back heavily on the pillow . CUT to : ext . lodge . dawn . 26 very early . the sky be a leaden grey , with a pale yellow streak on the horizon . all be still . CUT to : ext - forest trail . dawn 27 foot , jogging . we tilt up to reveal JUNO as she run to the lodge , leap up the step onto the veranda and into the lodge . CUT to : int . bedroom 1 . dawn 28 juno breeze in to she room . JUNO wakey wakey ! rebecca be sit up in bed , wear sunglass , and look severely hang -over . rebecca I feel like roadkill . ... give I five minute CUT to : int . lodge . bedroom 1 . dawn 29 rebecca wander into the bathroom , turn on the shower full blast and cold , remove she gown and step in . she scream . CUT to : int . lodge . bedroom 3 . dawn 30 the scream can be hear from next door as beth stand before the mirror in she bathroom look rough , check she bloodshot eye . she stick she tongue out . check she breath .... it 's foul . CUT to : 31 32 33 34 17 . int . lodge . bedroom 2 . dawn 31 we see a foot reflect in the mirror . it lower and another one come up . holly the human rubber band be stretch . angle on view from Holly 's bathroom window : JUNO be stretch on the porch , lithe and sinuous . but not a rubber band . holly be watch she . Holly 's face pop up in the mirror , smile , with first one foot by she ear - holly the Queen be dead ... and then the other . holly ) Long live the queen . and she stick she tongue out at herself in glee . scene deleted 32 scene deleted 33 int / ext bedroom 2 . dawn 34 rebecca be walk past the door , drying she hair with a towel as she go . rebecca Sam , be you up yet ? and you ought to eat something . SAM put the last piece of equipment in she pack . SAM ( mutter ) its just for the weekend . it ’1ll be good for we . CUT to : 35 36 37 18 . int . corridor outside bedroom 3 . dawn 35 rebecca walk past see sarah knock back some pill and grimace as she swallow , dry . CUT to : ext . lodge . morning 36 holly be at the bottom of the step , set up a camera on one of the jeep park up front . holly alright lady .... group shot ! the other begin to assemble on the step , carry pack load with kit . there be a edgy , fragile , hang -over vibe come off everyone except JUNO and holly . beth come out last , look piss off and anxious . rebecca be fiddling with SAM 's kit . sarah be look distractedly at the rather jaundice dawn that be now break . beth sigh . holly ok ... she smile directly at beth . holly ( cont have ) the Americans will find this bit hard : say Liberty ! and she run round to join they ... holly ( cont have ) Equality ! and fling herself into they midst . holly ( cont have ) sorority ! click , the picture be take and the image freeze . dissolve to : scene deleted 37 38 39 40 19 . ext . aerial Pov . day 38 look out over the vastness of the landscape , we tilt down glide above the sprawling canopy of tree until we pick up the trail of a forest road , follow its snake - like course until we find two 4x4 's make they way into this bleak wilderness . CUT to : int . first 4x4 . day 39 JUNO be drive , with sarah beside she and beth in the back . it 's bumpy . sarah be gaze out of the window , distant , she vision slightly blurred . a streak of yellow out of the corner of she eye - she turn she head quickly but there 's nothing there . CUT to : int . second 4x4 . day 40 rebecca be drive with SAM beside she and holly filming the journey on she cam-corder . rebecca ( to Sam ) here , you should drink some water . SAM grab the bottle , distract by fiddling with she plastic retro spiderman watch . SAM it 's impossible to set the time on this thing ; the button be too tiny . holly smirk in the back . she find a mountaineer magazine with rebecca 's name print on a label on the cover . it 's full of glossy crampon , over elaborate tent , geek gear etc . holly ( to herself ) american porn . SAM so have you do this cave ? rebecca no - but they be level 2 , quite safe do not worry . 41 42 43 20 . SAM I be not . holly the only danger be the boredom . boreham cave , boredom cave CUT to : int - first 4x4 - day 41 sarah turn here ! JUNO let 's go off road ! beth ( look as if she may be sick ) oh let 's . the 4x4 swerve at speed , turn off the road onto a dirt track head deep into the forest . ext _- forest road - day 42 the second vehicle follow the first , at speed , kick up a cloud of dust as it swerve radically onto the dirt track . CUT to : int . first 4x4 . day 43 JUNO be push the vehicle hard as she race through the landscape . sarah look a little uneasy about JUNO 's drive , but do not say anything . beth be you sure this be the right way ? JUNO be here before Beth ? the 4x4 charge round another bend , throw up dirt in its wake . CUT to : 44 45 46 47 48 49 21 . ext . forest track . day 44 we see various shot of the two vehicle drive hard along this rough and ready mountain track . they round a tight bend and we CUT to : scene deleted 45 ext . end of forest track . day 46 the front wheel of the first 4x4 come to a abrupt halt . CUT to : ext - forest track - day 47 the second 4 x4 bear down upon the first 4 x4 , veer around it hit the brake and skid in the mud as we CUT to : int . second 4x4 . day 48 its occupant lurch forward as they grind to a halt alongside the first 4x4 . holly ... nice parking rebecca thanks . SAM I take it we be walk from here ? CUT to : ext . montage . day 49 we see a rapid series of shot depict the woman get they kit together , sorting they pack , pick and boot out . we see JUNO put she car keys behind the SUN visor , before pull out she own pack and strapping it on . 50 22 . JUNO let 's get move . we be run late . she slam the door close , and as they head off , we look inside and see a dog - ear paperback book lie on the seat . ext . forest . day 50 trekk upward through the forest , lead by JUNO . beth and sarah bring up the rear . sarah where 's you whistle ? Beth smile and pull out a old whistle that be tuck into she top , brandish it with a flourish . she give it a couple of loud toot and shout out : beth ( take the piss ) hey juno , you do know where you be go do not you ? sarah laugh . JUNO ( terse ) there 's a river about half a mile ahead . when we reach it , we follow it up to the mouth of the cave . SAM , near the back , turn to rebecca . SAM how do she know there 's a river up ahead ? I can not hear a thing . holly ( dead pan ) she can smell it . rebecca ... she come up here last week to check the route out . rule number one ; file a flight plan and stick to it . SAM and rule number 2 ? 51 52 53 23 . rebecca do not go wander off . you think it 's dark when you turn out the light ? down there it 's pitch black . scene deleted 51 35ext . mountain river . day 52 White water crash down this narrow gully . Rebecca be still lecture rebecca you can get dehydration disorientation , claustrophobia , panic attack , paranoia , hallucination , visual and aural ... Sam roll she eyeball . CUT to : ext . mountain river . day 53 JUNO , up front , push through into a clear . crow scatter and burst up into the air in a wild flurry . the rotting corpse of a giant elk lie wash up on the rock , its huge bulk deflate and gaunt , its fur matte with blood and mud . holly take picture of the dead creature as the other gather around , some look on with interest , other with disgust . holly cool , huh ? beth Lovely . a real kodak moment . SAM bend down to take a closer look rebecca do not touch it ! beth yeah . you would not want to piss it off . sarah what do you think do that Sam ? a bear ? 54 55 24 . SAM examine it and we see that its eye be yellow . SAM actually , I think it be just sick . SAM ( cont have ) jaundice , dengue fever , yellow fever .. there 's all sort of way it could have die out here JUNO what be this , nature detective ? it could have be bigfoot for all you know . CUT to : ext . mountain river . day 54 continue on they trek , they climb up the side of a waterfall to a rocky area above . deviate from the course of the river JUNO take they through a stand of tree . CUT to : ext . stand of tree 55 JUNO this be it ! Fighting through the heavy foliage , JUNO emerge at the edge of a great sinkhole , a gape black open in the ground . beth oh , you be have a laugh ! JUNO ' fraid not . beth for Christ 's sake ! I be a English teacher not tomb raider . they be high up now , the mountain stretch out behind they . dissolve to : 56 57 58 59 25 . int . cave entrance . dark 56 look up at the daylight from the depth of the cave , the last of three rope drop toward we , straighten as it come and hit rock beneath we . CUT to : ext . cave entrance . day 57 all six woman be fully kitted out . some be wear warm , figure hugging climb top and legging . JUNO be wear a wet -suit top with the arm cut off . they have lamp on they helmet , extra torch in they pack , along with flare , rope food and water and they pick . JUNO be ready to go down and lean back over the brink . JUNO I 'il go first . i’1l see you down there . turn on she headlamp she drop away into the unknown . CUT to : int . cave entrance . dark 58 with the beam of she lamp flash this way and that , JUNO descend a hundred foot or more into the cavern , before finally hit rock bottom . unhook herself from the rope she look around with a child - like glee before call up to the other . JUNO you have get to see this place it 's beautiful ! her voice echoe and resonate about the massive chamber . she look around , awestruck . now she be truly in she element . CUT to : int / ext . cave entrance . day / dark 59 rebecca double check sarah and beth 's harness and they go down together , side by side . 26 . beth oh shit , oh shit , oh shit ! CUT to : 60 int . cave entrance chamber - dark 60 come down the rope , sarah look around in amazement before landing safely near JUNO . beth be just behind she ... JUNO you can open you eye now , Beth . beth oh my God ! TI have no idea it would be like this ! sarah it 's incredible . incredible . JUNO smile in quiet satisfaction as from high above come a loud whoop ! they look up as we CUT to : 61 int . cave entrance chamber . video Pov . dark 61 rebecca look down on US as we descend into the cave ! CUT to : 62 int . cave entrance chamber . dark 62 holly come down the rope at high speed , she cam-corder attach to she helmet , howling all the way ! at the last moment she slow herself and land like a cat in front of JUNO and sarah sarah shake she head in dismay as JUNO step in JUNO ( angry ) Holly , this be not some MTV bungee jump bullshit . we do this safely . in order . follow my lead . sarah ( to rebecca ) all clear ! CUT to : 63 64 27 . ext . cave entrance . day 63 Rebecca fuss over Sam 's harness . SAM drop down and rebecca follow she over the brink . CUT to : int . cave entrance chamber . dark 64 rebecca overtake SAM and land softly , unhook herself from the rope before SAM land beside she . holly be filming the group with she camcorder . JUNO stand beneath a steady drip of water , the light from the surface shine down on she upturn face , soaking she brow . JUNO Sarah ? sarah be look at what appear to be recent scratch mark up the side of the rock , as if some animal have fall into the cavern and be make a desperate attempt to claw its way back to the surface . her attention be draw to a dark crevice in the cave wall , from which a quiet chirp noise be come . sarah move closer to the hole , listen carefully . sarah guy , I think I have find a bird 's nest ! the other turn to she as sarah turn she attention back to the hole , aim she torchbeam into the shadow . suddenly , the hole erupt with bat ! hundred of they , swarm out and around a very panicky sarah . a hand grab she and pull she clear . it 's juno , nonpluss by the bat . JUNO it 's okay ... they be go now . sarah be you sure ? JUNO take a look for yourself . sarah look upwards to see the bat swirl around the funnel of the cave entrance in a elegant spiral . after the shock , it 's a eerie yet beautiful sight . holly the butterfly of the night ... 28 . beth oh fuck off Holly . from a high vantage point , we watch the group make they way downward , into the cave . SAM which way ? JUNO only one way out of this chamber . down the pipe . CUT to : 65 int . entrance cavern . dark 65 Water drip from the rock all around the entrance cavern gather at its lowest point and flow into a crack in the cavern floor . this be where we intrepid caver must go . CUT to : 66 int . the pipe . dark 66 they be in a narrow , vertical shaft with plenty of foothold all the way down . the water drip heavily down the side of the shaft , as the woman head deeper into the mountain . dissolve to : 67 int . descending tunnel . dark 67 further down the tunnel level off to a shallow downward slope . with each step the tunnel randomly fluctuate in size and shape ; sometimes it 's tall and very thin , sometimes it 's wide and low so that they must stoop or even crawl to pass through , and all the way water drip from the roof above they head . sarah how be you feel ? SAM exhausted . but do not tell Rebecca . they laugh together as we dissolve to : 68 69 29 . int . cave montage . dark 68 we see various shot of the group make they way deeper and deeper into the cave system until at last they emerge into a vast chamber and we dissolve to : int . cathedral cavern . dark 69 JUNO .... for this we need a little more light on the subject . JUNO take out one of the many phosphorous flare they have and light it up . now the chamber be fill with a hot white light throw hard shadow of countless stalactite across the wall . the roof and floor of this new cavern be litter with gigantic stalagmite and stalactite , pillar of rock form over million of year ; sediment building upward and downward until some of they bridge the entire cap . the colour of the new rock be yellow with sulphur and red with iron . the entire chamber be a amazing spectacle . the group spread out as they enter this grand subterranean cathedral , almost gothic in its design , each of they eager to explore they own corner of the cave . from a high ledge , we look down on the group , spread around the chamber : six individual pool of light , move here and there . in the centre , the flare burn steadily . in the right foreground , we become aware that what we think be a rock , be in fact something else , something alive , move slightly . breathe . watch . dissolve to : some time later five member of the group be have a bite to eat and something to drink as holly snap away with she camera beyond they . JUNO ( cont have ) Holly , take a break , you should eat ! holly I be just get a couple more shot . this cave be cooler than I think . 30 . JUNO ( to Sarah ) ... you okay ? sarah juno . I will not break . JUNO ( quietly ) I know ... I want to say - there 's nothing I can say . but I be sorry I do not stay around longer . after the accident . she sigh , its the first time we have see she anything other than in control . JUNO ( cont would ) I be bad with that stuff . and Paul ... you know . sarah ( soft ) and jessie ... sarah and JUNO share a look ... JUNO we be all here for you now . sarah ... I be sorry . I be a bit out of it ... it 's probably jet-lag or something . sarah get up . sarah I be go to have a look around . JUNO see if you can find the way through . beth ( call out ) do not go too far . sarah pick up she torch and move past holly , who have be observe she and JUNO 's exchange . holly ... she flip out ? 70 31 . JUNO she 's fine . beth after the crash she break down pretty badly . spend month in hospital . she be a mess . could not find a reason to get up in the morning . JUNO well , I guess she find one if she 's here . CUT to : elsewhere in the cavern , sarah skirt the bright light source of the flare , move among the harsh shadow of stalactite and stalagmite it create . the sound of water drip echoe around she , the voice of the other be a murmur . she be lose in she surroundings , fascinate by the cave . sarah hear a noise , she spin and aim she torch . a rock fall from a ledge and bounce down scree slope , clatter to the ground . sarah , move forward investigate , curious . there be a open in the cave wall . sarah listen , intent - the sound of laughter ? CUT to : sarah appear suddenly at JUNO 's shoulder , startling she ... sarah I think I have find the way . CUT to : int . cathedral cavern . dark 70 at the far end of the chamber , the wall converge to meet at the base of a small heap of scree . at the top of the scree be a narrow fissure . it be into this that the woman must now go . they gather before the scree . rebecca I do not understand - it 's not how imagine it from read the book . JUNO cave change , tunnel collapse , some of this debris look recent . 32 . rebecca well then should we be go through ? JUNO I be tell you , it 's a tight squeeze for about a hundred foot and then ... rebecca then what ? JUNO then it open out into a wider passage . rebecca if you say so . it 's you party . sarah something wrong ? rebecca it 's nothing . ... where 's Sam ? sarah I do not know , she be here a minute ago ... SAM ? and again , that giggle , high pitch , child like . she look around but its clear the other have not hear . the other spread out and look for she , call for Sam . the echoe bounce back . after a tense moment , a voice come from behind a rock . SAM I ’m busy ! the group all laugh at SAM 's predicament rebecca I make she drink load of water this morning ... sarah i’1l wait for she . holly worm she way ahead in front of JUNO holly I will take point yes ? 71 72 73 74 33 . holly discard a half - eat candy bar and head into the fissure hook onto a rope , which JUNO feed in after she . CUT to : int . fissure . dark 71 holly edge further and further into the fissure . as the rock funnel inward , she must first stoop , then crawl , then lie flat and wriggle into this tiny passageway through the rock . holly phut ! it 's tight crack in here . beth look apprehensive as she shine she torch along the narrow crawl - way . CUT to : scene deleted 72 int . fissure . dark 73 holly crawl head first through this intensely claustrophobic passage , barely big enough for she to move , contort herself through the most awkward space imaginable . slowly but surely she edge through , until at last the crawl space open out and she emerge in another tunnel , this time with high sloping wall and a sloping floor run diagonally along its length . holly quickly turn about and part-crawl back into the hole . holly ok I be through ! rebecca how far ? holly maybe 100 - 150 foot .. CUT to : int . cathedral cavern . dark 74 JUNO Close enough ? 75 76 77 78 34 . rebecca .... Close enough . JUNO head into the fissure as rebecca turn to the other ... rebecca ( cont have ) alright . Sam you be up next ... dissolve to : int . fissure . dark 75 we see each character 's progress through a difficult and highly constrictive space . JUNO be next through , then SAM , then rebecca , then beth and finally sarah , bring up the rear . CUT to : int . cathedral cavern . dark 76 the flare burn in the background as , in the immediate foreground , a silhouett hand , humanoid , reach down and pick up the half eat candy bar . off screen , whatever it be , sniff the candy and we CUT to : int . sloping tunnel . dark 77 JUNO crawl out to join holly , then help SAM out . CUT to : int . fissure . dark 78 rebecca squeeze through the tightest part , not notice the dust fall from the rock above . beth be next through . it 's very tight , but she make it . again dust fall from the rock above she head . beth Sarah , you still behind I ? sarah ( breathe hard ) I think so ... 79 80 35 . sarah seem to be have more difficulty than the other as she be the most uncomfortable in such a claustrophobic environment . still , she shuffles along as best she can until she reach a point at which , to get through , she head must twist to one side and half submerge in a pool of muddy water . it be here that she wedge herself stick and can no longer move forward . the more she fight , the more dust fall down from the roof inch above she head , hit she face . sarah ( cont have ) shit. .... shit ! at first she 's just agitate and annoyed , but soon she begin to panic . she begin to breathe heavily and fast , the muddy water get in she mouth . beth Sarah ? sarah ( get desperate ) I can not move ! CUT to : int . sloping tunnel . dark 79 rebecca be pull out as JUNO begin to explore the cavern they be in ..... CUT to : int . fissure . dark 80 beth stop , wait for sarah .. beth it 's Sarah . I think she might be stick . sarah there 's no ' might be 's about it . .. fuck ! fuck ! fuck ! beth alright Sarah .... calm down . breathe slowly . you have to relax . sarah I can not fuck relax ! 81 82 36 . beth ( slow and calming ) Sarah .... listen to I . you have to calm down . the only way you can do that be to breathe slowly ... sarah ( panic , hyperventilate ) I have get a million ton of rock above my head ! how the fuck be I suppose to calm down ?! I can not fuck breathe ! the more she struggle , the more dust rain down on she . beth , in a wider part of the fissure , manage to turn herself around and crawl back toward sarah . beth Sarah , just listen to I , okay , listen to my voice .... CUT to : int . sloping tunnel dark 81 holly , at the far end , want to know what 's keep everyone ... holly it 's okay down there ? beth ( call back ) we be fine . just give we a minute . CUT to : int . fissure . dark 82 beth , now face to face with sarah , continue to try and calm sarah down as she panic attack grow more desperate . she splutter and gag with the mud in she mouth and writhes against the rock , wedge herself even further . beth can see the dust fall from the rock above and know the danger sarah be in . she focus completely on she , soothing , magnetic : beth Sarah listen to I . what be you afraid of ? 37 . sarah ( agitate ) I can not move ... beth you can . you can move . it 's in you head . sarah ( whisper ) I know , I know , but I can not stop it . beth Sarah , the worst thing that can happen to you have already happen . sarah , despite herself , be distract ... beth it 's over . and you be here . you do not give up . this be just a poxy little cave . you have get nothing leave to be afraid of . sarah begin to calm down ... beth Sarah ? sarah yeah ? beth I want you to crawl toward I . slowly . sarah comply , edging toward beth until she feel herself become unstuck . beth ( cont would ) take it slow .... okay ...okay ... sarah I be almost out ... sarah use she foot against the wall to push herself the last foot or so , but with one final push she boot kick away some rock , and the ceiling of the cave suddenly drop about 2 inch toward both they head ... but stop ! sarah and beth freeze in horror . there be a moment 's hesitation then beth act . beth fuck ! alright , move ! now ! 83 84 85 86 38 . she grab sarah 's collar and heave she free , then the two of they frantically race along the narrow fissure , the roof crack , threaten to collapse on they at any moment . sarah glance behind she , into the darkness , which seem to be chase she along the fissure ! from the darkness come a terrifying shriek and then it give , collapse on the spot where sarah be trap . but the cave - in continue , follow they along the fissure , gain on they ... CUT to : int . sloping tunnel dark 83 JUNO know exactly what 's happen as rebecca grab she and pull she away from the fissure . JUNO no ! rebecca JUNO ! JUNO Sarah ?!!! Beth ?!!! a cloud of dust erupt from the entrance to the fissure , and we fade to black . int . dark room 84 five candle . a cake . jessie , in a yellow party dress , laugh . beth ( 0.s. ) Sarah ... CUT to : scene deleted 85 int . sloping tunnel . dark 86 beth Sarah ....? sarah ??!! 39 . JUNO 's helmet lamp shine on sarah 's face as she come around , cough and spluttering on the water rebecca be give she . the air be still full of dust and around she , the other be pick themselves up . beth ( cont would ) be you alright ? be you hurt ? sarah ( a little shocked ) I be alright . torch beam flash this way and that . everyone be choke , disorient , shocked and frighten . JUNO be everybody okay ? be everybody okay ? holly sure . rebecca samantha ?! SAM I be here . rebecca grab she baby sister and clutches she tightly SAM ( cont have ) ( firmly ) I ’m okay . rebecca Beth , be you injure ? beth no. .... I do not think so . rebecca check she over , comforting she as best she can . JUNO everybody stay close until this dust settles . SAM we be not go anywhere . holly see you be right about that . sarah get to she foot as all eye , and torch beam fall on the spot holly be look at : the fissure be completely block . 40 . SAM Jesus . they fall silent , take in the implication . holly so what do we do now ? rebecca well ... accord to the guide book this cave system have three way in and out . this be just one of they . be not that right juno ? JUNO have turn away from the they .... rebecca ( cont have ) ( press she for a answer ) juno , that 's right , be not it ? check the book ! JUNO turn around , awkwardness and defiance etched on she face . JUNO I do not bring it . rebecca what ? JUNO no point . SAM what do you mean ? what do she mean ? rebecca know exactly what she mean . sarah have distance herself from the group , she stare out into the darkness , alone . rebecca for chrissake juno . I know it .. I know this be not right ! JUNO oh come on Rebecca , this be what we have believe in for ten year ! if there 's no risk , what 's the point ? we may as well stay at home and watch fuck tv ... rebecca do not you try and justify this ! I know why you do this ... 41 . and she wave she torch irritably , catch holly in its beam , obliviously explore they surroundings . behind she the argument rage as sarah sweep she torch beam across the cavern . she catch something bright in the beam , just for a fleeting moment , something humanoid , look back at she . by the time she register this and sweep the torch beam back to the spot , it 's go . she look around , to see if anyone else see it , but they be far too self - absorb . SAM what be we go to do ? holly well , we have food and water . we have a fuck - off cave to explore ... beth ( to Rebecca ) you file a flight plan with mountain rescue ? if we do not report in they 's 1l come look for we . rebecca ( glaring at juno ) that 's how it 's suppose to work except I put in a plan for boreham cavern , and this be not boreham cavern , be it juno ? beth ( incredulous ) we be in the wrong fuck cave ?! JUNO you all want to go cave , well this be cave ! Holly be right . boreham cavern be a tourist trap . rebecca this be not cave juno . this be a ego trip . SAM so where be we ? rebecca juno ? JUNO it do not have a name ; it 's a new system . nobody 's ever be down here before . SAM jesus. beth ( to juno ) how be we go to get out !? holly ) ( matter of factly ) there may not be a way out . 42 . JUNO be walk around frantically examine every nook and cranny . beth follow she , furious . beth ( hiss ) what the hell be you do ? what do you think this be go to do to Sarah ? how much more do you think she can take - not that you have know what she 's be through because you could not get away fast enough ... JUNO ( snap ) you know what Beth ? we all lose something in that crash . beth oh bullshit . what do you lose ? JUNO start to speak , but bite she word back . beth be on she , and shine the torch right in she face beth ( cont would ) what do you lose juno ? JUNO 's face say it all . a beat . JUNO do I have to spell it out ? beth absorb this . she look at JUNO in disgust , torch right on she beth ( cont would ) just get we out of here . keep the 87 43 . JUNO turn and walk back to the other in a effort to regain control . JUNO we have to go on . cave system often break ground . it 's a small chance .... if we stay here , we 'il die . slowly , the woman pick up they pack and other gear , prepare to move off . sarah stand apart from the other , stare into the darkness , hope for another glimpse to put she mind at ease . the darkness be take hold . sarah juno ... JUNO yes ? sarah never mind ... it 's nothing .... JUNO tee I promise you , I be go to get we out of here . dissolve to : int . gallery cavern . dark 87 JUNO lead the way down a steep slope of jag rock and loose boulder . around they grow a low rumble , and the steady drip and splash of fall water . JUNO scan the area , check on the other , while SAM , eager to press on , overtake she and move toward US . JUNO ( shout ) stop ! SAM stop dead , and everyone else do too . SAM what ? JUNO don ’t move ! just stay there ! JUNO , take off she pack and remove a flare , quickly strike it up . 44 , what it reveal be that the floor drop away beneath SAM 's foot . a ravine , about 20 foot across , and so deep they can not see the bottom , but can hear the rumbling from far below . SAM what be that ? rebecca Underground river .... SAM pick up a rock and drop it over the edge ; a long , long pause ; then a distant clatter and a splash . rebecca ( cont would ) '' now I know how far down it be . SAM so ? rebecca well somebody have to cross first , and that 's my job . JUNO strike up a flare and throw it across the chasm , where it strike the wall and land on a ledge , highlight another ledge and cleft in the rockface . a possible way through ... rebecca stare at the ravine and the ceiling above they . JUNO how do it look ? rebecca what do it matter ? there 's no alternative . JUNO there 's a crack , run right across the roof . rebecca I see it . SAM how do that help ? rebecca I have to get all the way across so I can rig a line for you guy . so , I go hand over hand , put my hand in the crack , clench my fist and hang on . beth you have do this before , right ? 45 . rebecca I see a guy do it once . a instructor . on a artificial wall over a block of crash -mat . SAM be apprehensive on she sister 's behalf . the other look at rebecca with a mixture of hope and admiration . all except JUNO , who be already rigging a safety - rope for rebecca . rebecca attaches the rope to she harness and pull on heavy leather glove - flex she fist . at this end , the crack be low enough to reach . she try it put she fist in . clench . swing she foot off the floor and hang by one arm . rebecca begin she perilous free-style crossing of the canyon roof , hand over hand , wedge she fist into the fissure and hang by it . she 's hook onto a safety line which she attaches to piton along the way . she be now hang directly above the chasm ! it be a incredible feat of stamina , muscle power and raw physical grit . swing from hand to hand , find the best purchase , swapping she weight from one hand to the other , then do it all again . two foot at a time , at most . every so often , stop , take a piton from she belt , place it in the narrow crack , attach a carabina and hook on she safety line , all whilst hang by one hand ! slowly , terrifyingly edging she way toward the far side . CUT to : holly film she all the way , as best she can in the give light . CUT to : pass the halfway point , rebecca stop dead . something just ahead have she absolute attention . it be a piton , a old one , hammer into the fissure , invisible to the other , but clear enough to she as evidence that someone , at some time , have pass this way before . but she pause too long and JUNO sense something be up . JUNO what 's wrong ? rebecca nothing ! 88 46 . they voice echo around the cavern . rebecca glance back toward JUNO and they eye meet . it 's a know glance , but JUNO be not fully aware of what she 's suppose to know . rebecca ( cont have ) I be alright ! rebecca turn back to the job at hand . in order to disguise the piton , rather than raise unnecessary question or concern in the mind of the rest of the team , she hook a carabina to it , just as she 's do to the other she 's place . two more swing and she 's reach the far side . she drop down onto the ledge above the one with the flare on it . Beyond the ledge be a tall but narrow crack in the rock , just big enough for they to squeeze through . rebecca quickly hammer in a final piton and secure a safety line , before hook herself on . rebecca ( cont have ) throw I the line ! JUNO step up to the edge of the drop and hurl a coiled rope across to rebecca . unfurl as it go , rebecca lean out over the bottomless drop to catch the flail end of the rope in one hand ! she succeed , and very calmly tie it on to a secure piton , pull the rope taut across the canyon . rebecca ( cont have ) alright , who 's first ?! SAM step forward SAM I 'il go . SAM attaches the carabina of she safety harness to the traverse line , and a extra carabina to the safety line strung across the roof of the cavern . now , use the safety line to pull herself across while the traverse line hold she weight , SAM make she way across the roof of the canyon cavern . CUT to : int . far side of canyon . dark 88 stop along the way to unclip and re-clip she safety line as she pass each of three piton along the route , she soon make it to the other side and be pull onto the ledge by rebecca . dissolve to : 89 90 91 92 93 47 . int . canyon gorge . dark 89 holly be next across and we dissolve to : int . canyon gorge . dark 90 then beth go . she reach the old piton , hammer into the rock , and when she pass it , the strain on the rope cause it to jar in its lodging . just a little , but enough to warrant we concern . dissolve to : int . canyon gorge . dark 91 JUNO and sarah remain on the far side . JUNO check she 's hook on properly , and send sarah she across . CUT to : int . traverse line . dark 92 as she reach the middle , the old piton begin to move again . with each tug it work its way loose . sarah manage to successfully pass it without dislodge it it 's not long before she 's reach the other side and rebecca pull she up beside she , where beth be wait . CUT to : int . near side of canyon . dark 93 JUNO hook on and begin she traverse . ahead of she the old piton look dangerously loose ! CUT to : 94 95 96 48 . int . far side of canyon . dark 94 sarah stand behind beth , look into the cleft , before turn back in dreamlike slo mo to look back at JUNO crossing . CUT to : int . traverse line . dark 95 without warning the traverse line , which rebecca be grip tightly for safety , come loose from the rock . the full weight of JUNO suddenly drop pull it through rebecca 's palm , burn through she glove and tear open the palm of she hand ! sarah juno !!! rebecca cry out in agony and beth grab hold of the rope . JUNO 's harness now pull taut , suspend from the safety line . rebecca wail in agony as JUNO hang there momentarily , look up at the safety line . now the old piton give way , pull free from the rock and drop JUNO another ten foot toward she doom . but now the rope and piton hold fast . SAM and beth be hold the line . beth it 's alright ! we have get you ! JUNO can only look up in bemusement as the old piton slide down the safety line toward she . she grab it , look at it , then look up toward the pain face of rebecca . CUT to : int . far side of canyon . dark 96 sarah , beth and SAM pull JUNO up onto the ledge with they . SAM immediately go over to attend to rebecca 's injure hand JUNO place the old piton and carabina in sarah 's hand . sarah what do it mean ? JUNO it mean we be not the first . 97 98 49 . beth if there 's be other caver down here , then there 's more of a chance ... JUNO this equipment 's get to be a hundred year old . no - one use stuff like this any more . besides , if people have be down here , they have have give it a name . sarah maybe they never make it out ... SAM have bandage rebecca 's hand . this have stop the bleed but it be difficult to use now . CUT to : int . entrance to winding tunnel . dark 97 the woman be at the mouth of a wind , narrow tunnel . there be a sense of real trepidation about they now . JUNO Holly ? how do it look ? holly it 's tight but it open out . JUNO alright , keep go , we will be right behind you . they all squeeze through the narrow cleft and soon it open out into a strange sloping , angular cavern . CUT to : int . sloping cavern . dark 98 holly be the first out of the cleft , and as she enter this new cavern , something immediately catch she eye . we do not see what it be , but she stand there , stare past we .... holly hey ! there 's something down here ! 50 . one by one the other join she . stand alongside of each other shine torch and headlamps past US , gaze in awe and wonderment at ... CUT to : cave painting . the beam of the torch pick out fragment of a larger image . ancient depiction of man and beast . hunters and they prey . figure of human , stand at the mouth of a cave . across to the right there be a reversal of the image , similar but different , again show the mouth of a cave . beth be fascinate by it , she move closer , study this prehistoric record in great detail . beth ( to herself ) it 's like a mirror painting , two image , but they be one ... JUNO step into beth 's light . JUNO what be this ? History class ? beth ( snap ) .. wait a minute ....! beth have see something new in the cave painting as she back away from it , try to take it all in , past the other ... rebecca Beth ? what be it ? beth juno ... light up one of that flare JUNO why ? what do you see ? beth ( cont have ) ( glaring at juno ) just light the fucking flare . JUNO reluctantly strike up a white flare and hold it up , illuminate the entire wall of the cavern . beth tene look at it . what do you see ? holly it 's many painting ? 99 51 . beth no , one big painting . it 's the mountain , it 's the forest , it 's the cave . and - it have two entrance . rebecca Beth you be a fuck genius ! SAM this mean there 's a way out ? beth let 's find out . they be off , renew hope have quickened the pace a little as we CUT to : int . narrow winding tunnel dark 99 JUNO be hold the flare and lead the way , the other close behind , get faster and faster , as the tunnel wind this way and that until they round a bend , and the tunnel open out and split into three ! JUNO , stop dead , the momentum lose . JUNO shit. shit ! the other gather round . JUNO ( cont would ) who 's get a lighter ? I need to check the breeze . holly fumble through she pocket ... find she lighter and give it to JUNO , who take each tunnel in turn , stand at its entrance hold the lighter and see if there be a breeze suck air through . the first do nothing . the second do nothing . but at the third the lighter flicker .. holly that 's the one ! at that she take off down the tunnel . JUNO Holly wait ! .......... damn it ! 52 . they set off after holly , but she 's away and hurry ahead of they , faster and faster until something catch she eye . she stop , turn off the light in she helmet and she torch . up ahead , in the pitch darkness , she can just make out a faint blue glow . daylight ! holly daylight ! I see daylight ! before other can catch up , she be off and run again , this time without any light on ! use the daylight to guide she . but when she round the bend and see it be not daylight at all , but luminescent algae grow on the wall , the floor drop away beneath she ! it 's a sinkhole and she slide uncontrollably down the slippery rock toward the brink . JUNO quickly arrive at the scene with the flare and dive toward where holly be last stand . she lunge toward the edge of the sinkhole , where the slippery rock form a angle funnel in the floor of the cave . she jam she shoulder against a sharp rock and wince . holly ( cont have ) help I ! JUNO just manage to grab she hand , but holly 's finger be cover in slime , make it impossible to hold on . JUNO be press against the rock which be cut she arm . holly be go . first she hand slip ... JUNO do not move ! ... then she finger pull from JUNO 's grasp as holly slide slowly , relentlessly down into the funnel . there be countless other scratch mark around she . she 's not the first to slide down here . she can only look back at JUNO , helpless , out of reach , as gravity work against she , pull she down into the unknown darkness below . she can not help but move ! sarah and the other reach the edge in time to look down as the terrify holly slide over the brink and disappear into the sinkhole . JUNO ( cont would ) no ! there be a dull thud from below as holly land upon something solid . JUNO look at the other . all be not lose . 100 101 53. JUNO ( cont would ) holly ?! from below come a faint sound of pain ... it 's holly . she 's alive . CUT to : int - stream - dark 100 holly be slowly become aware that she be in pain . extreme pain . she be lie in a narrow tunnel half in and half out of a underground stream . holly ( to herself ) shit . groaning she reach down she leg to where the pain be great and feel something protrude . holly ( cont would ) ( call to the other ) I think I hurt my leg ! raising she head , she look down , shine she head lamp on the spot , to see she shin bone have break and burst through the skin ! the wound be not bleed but muscle and sinew be hang out of she leg ! she fall back , gasp for breath against the pain . holly ( cont have ) please .. get down here ....! CUT to : int - sloping cavern - dark 101 JUNO be already on the case , bleed shoulder and all , hammer in piton along with rebecca as they prepare to tie on and climb down into the sinkhole . JUNO and SAM rapidly abseil down through the sinkhole . rebecca , beth and sarah be quick to follow . CUT to : 54 . 102 int - drainage tunnel ledge - dark 102 SAM this place be not good . we have to move you and it 's go to hurt like a son of a bitch . holly ( through gritt tooth ) alright , but make it quick ... make it quick quick quick .... holly be delirious with pain as SAM continue she work and sarah and beth arrive at the scene . sarah how be she ? SAM she 's go to be fine . SAM take a sharp clasp knife from a sheath on she belt and use it to cut open holly 's trouser leg , revealing the true extent of the wound . beth ( see the wound ) ah God ! that be fuck disgusting ! SAM Beth . not here . not now . we need help . grab a corner . we need to move she out of the water . they all do as she bid . SAM cradling the break leg as gently as she can . SAM Nice and easy now ..... lift . holly groan as she 's slowly lift out of the water and move onto a rocky ledge . when she be put down the pain be unbearable . holly ahh jeeessussss !!! SAM juno , pass I the first aid kit . and see if you find something to make a splint out of . 55 . beth take some spare clothing from she pack and place it under holly 's head as rebecca and the other set to work bind and strapping the break limb with the limited first aid kit they have available . JUNO pull the pick from holly rucksack and unscrew the top . she intend to use the handle as a splint . rebecca activate a couple of SNAP light , fill the area with soft blue light . sarah have also distance herself from the other and be watch JUNO . just then she hear a noise , very faint , like a small rock fall , from somewhere upstream along this drainage tunnel . rebecca , beth and SAM be too busy see to holly 's leg to take any notice . but JUNO and sarah notice , and sarah set off down the tunnel , cautiously , to investigate . JUNO Sarah , do not wander off . ( sarah take no notice ) .... Sarah ..? SAM juno , I be go to need you help here . JUNO be distract by sarah .... SAM ( cont have ) juno ! JUNO join the group around holly . SAM ( cont have ) take hold of she arm , you be go to need to hold she down . holly what be you go to do ? SAM I need to dress the wound and rig up a splint , but I can not do that while the bone be protrude . I have to push it back in . holly look at she . know it have to be do . SAM ( cont have ) here , bite down on this . 103 104 105 56 . SAM put a leather strap between holly 's tooth as rebecca hold she leg and beth and JUNO hold she arm , to stop she flail around and make it worse . holly be already sweat as she bite down on the strap . SAM use she finger to open up the muscle and she thumb to force the bone back into the leg ! beth can not bear to look , as holly , bite down hard , scream in agony as we CUT to : int - drainage tunnel - dark 103 sarah hear the scream , but continue regardless , explore deeper and deeper into this new network of tunnel . look around , something lie up ahead in the stream catch she eye . the beam of she head lamp reflect off a old miner 's helmet wedge in a cleft . pick it up she study it . it be badly damage but a name be clearly paint in black on the front of it . ed oswald . then she hear something else up ahead , something that sound like the shriek of a bird . or a child . she look up ... CUT to : int - drainage tunnel ledge - dark 104 with one last effort SAM finally push the bone back into place and through the searing pain holly spit out the strap and gasp in air . JUNO look up toward the direction sarah go in , and we CUT to : int - drainage tunnel - dark 105 search the way with the beam of she torch and head lamp sarah notice something very vague catch the light in the distance . whatever it be , it only stand out because it be a lighter colour than the rock around it the closer she get the more form it take , but still it remain vague and unidentifiable . be she see thing ? she begin to doubt it herself . 106 57 . she move on , the shape appear to be move . step by step she grow ever closer , until the shape begin to take definite form in the farthest reach of she torch light it look human . it make a sudden move then freeze , listen . sarah start , freezing herself , strain she eye to see . it be a figure , face away from she , squatting low and hunch over , drink from the water , its shoulder and head move slightly . it be still very difficult to make out , but it look incredibly gaunt and sinewy , pale yellowey white , and totally naked . suddenly a hand grasp sarah shoulder ! she start and spin around , almost blind JUNO with she light ! JUNO Sarah ! what be you do ? sarah ( anxious whisper ) there 's something .. I see a man .... up ahead in the tunnel ! she turn back and aim the torch along the tunnel , but it be now empty . JUNO there 's nothing there . sarah pointedly hand JUNO the helmet . she look at it as sarah head back to join the other . JUNO watch she , concerned . CUT to : int - drainage tunnel ledge 106 SAM have finish dress holly 's wound and use the pick handle as a splint . SAM there . that 's the best I can do . it will hurt like hell and you will not be able to put any weight on it , but you can move . rebecca look at she little sister with admiration . holly wince as she try move she leg . JUNO and sarah return , in the middle of a animated discussion . 58 . JUNO tee it 's just old mining gear , Sarah . they comb this mountain for gold over a century ago ! anyone trap down here would be a skeleton by now . sarah ( quiet ) .. that 's just what it look like . beth what what look like ? JUNO Sarah think she see somebody back there . beth she what ? sarah I do not think I see someone , I see someone . JUNO you hear something . you see what you want to see . it 's the dark , it play trick . beth be think along the same line now , watch sarah with concerned eye . sarah there be thing I want to see . that be not one of they . SAM what do you see ? sarah a man . I see a man . rebecca be you sure ? sarah yes , and it 's not the first time . I think I see someone before . but now I be sure . she look around at five doubting face sarah ( cont have ) ... really , I be sure . 107 108 59 . JUNO catch beth 's eye . JUNO Sarah there 's no - one down here . forget it . we have to get Holly out . all the woman in the group know she 's right , even beth who give sarah a encourage little nod of the head . CUT to : int - drainage tunnel - dark 107 JUNO strike up the lighter and it flicker ... this be the way . holly be hopping along , in great pain , between beth and SAM , while sarah , JUNO and rebecca lead the way upstream . CUT to : further upstream - they reach the bottom of a short waterfall , down which the stream bubbles from a larger chamber above . JUNO be the first to go , follow by the other . she slowly peer over the brink to look upon the scene laid out before she in wide eye horror . CUT to : int - bone dam - dark 108 Water be constantly drip from various part of the ceiling form the stream . but the chamber itself be flood , about a foot deep , because the top of the waterfall be block by a dam make out of bone ! each of the team make it to the top to look upon this scene of carnage with fear and amazement . each of they scan the carpet of bone with they torch beam , pick out skull and antler ! sarah spot a piece of clothing , shred , perhaps belong to the miss caver . but there be no human remain here . beth what be this place ? SAM look like a slaughter house . sarah approach holly .... 109 60 . sarah Holly , let I use you cam - corder , I want to see what I can see on infra - red . holly hand it over , and sarah scan the entire area with it . sarah ( cont have ) Dead animal . hundred of they . JUNO turn she torch to the rest of the cavern . it appear to be the centre of a honeycomb of tunnel lead off in every direction . some carry water to feed the stream , other dry . beth this be definitely not good . SAM ( nervous ) can we get out of here . rebecca which way ? JUNO be try out the lighter again , but the flame be flicker from all direction . JUNO ( a little panicked ) I do not know . CUT to : int - infra - red Pov - dark 109 sarah flit the infra -red camera from face to face in the darkness . beth what do you mean , you do not know ? JUNO the breeze be come from all over the place . it could be any one of this tunnel . take you pick . SAM ( under she breath ) ) fuck . rebecca hello ? be there anybody there ? 110 61 . JUNO ( contemptuous ) oh please ... beth right now I be willing to try anything ..... hello ?! when we return to beth , we see another figure stand at she shoulder . it 's vaguely human , very pale in the green of the infra - red . it be totally hairless and gaunt . its eye appear to be seal close , and it have large mutate ear and a jaw line distend to accommodate a mouthful of jag tooth . in the darkness it appear ready to strike at beth 's back , but when JUNO 's torch light it up it rapidly retreat into the shadow ! this thing be a stygian crawler and this be its lair . CUT to : int - bone dam - dark 110 now they have all see it and react in horror and shock . torch light flash around the chamber try to pin-point this strange apparition , but it 's too fast , darting leave and right , up and across the wall of the chamber , evade they attempt to get a good look of it . it 's just a pale , agile figure , darting this way and that , and let rip a hideous , pierce shriek as it go ! JUNO struggle to light a flare , and once it strike she hold it up to illuminate the whole cavern , but just as quickly as it appear , the crawler be go ! holly Jesus ! beth what be that ?! what the fuck be that !? rebecca I do not know , I could barely see , it move so fast ! sarah I tell you we be not alone . SAM sarah , that be not a human fucking be ! 141 62. JUNO fuck this . let 's pick a tunnel and take we chance . beth aid holly as they head into the tunnel , but they progress come to a rapid halt as a terrible and unearthly sound fill the tunnel ahead ! it be a rasp , shriek noise , and it 's come they way ... SAM what 's happen ? rebecca ... there 's more of they . they quickly back off and choose another tunnel . CUT to : int - honeycomb 1 - dark 114 beth and holly be up front with JUNO bring up the rear , constantly look back toward the ever advance sound . holly and beth look behind as the shriek grow noticeably louder , meaning whatever be make the noise have reach the bone dam ! sarah juno ?! JUNO what ?! sarah the flare ! they can hear we ! JUNO clock the loud hiss of the flare , and think she may have a point . the group pause as JUNO hurl the flare back along the tunnel toward the bone dam . beth and holly turn to face front once more only to run straight into one of the crawler , its eye wide , its jaw stretch wide open revealing it 's lethal fang ! it be humanoid , but far from human , and it shriek wildly as it launch itself at holly , the weakest of the team ! rebecca run ! 112 113 114 63. the nature and ferocity of the attack cause the woman to scatter in fear and run like Hell ! they have no plan other than to get away from this spot as fast as possible . in the chaos , rebecca and SAM flee in the opposite direction to sarah and beth and they all soon become lose in the network of passageway . behind they the hideous shriek mingle with holly desperate garble cry to form a appall crescendo ! and JUNO rise to the occasion , angry now , pull out she pick in a effort to defend holly from the crawler . the creature tear at holly 's clothing and sink its tooth into she neck , shaking she writhe thrashing form like a rag doll ! JUNO ( cont would ) leave she alone you fucker ! she lash out at the crawler , cut a gash down the side of its face ! the crawler hiss at she angrily , as we CUT to : int - honeycomb 3 - dark 112 sarah lead the way as she and beth flee the scene . but beth stumble and fall ! by the time she look up , sarah have go ! int - honeycomb 2 - dark 113 SAM and rebecca run and keep run , drive by fear . CUT to : int - honeycomb 1 - dark 114 pick in hand , JUNO lunge again at the creature which be try to drag holly away . shriek at JUNO 's aggressive stance , the creature lash out at she with sharpen , talon - like finger nail , ducking and writhe to avoid the swing of JUNO 's pick as the two of they engage in a tug of war over holly 's bleed , body . the creature have she head and shoulder , while JUNO have one hand on she ankle . but the creature be very strong and JUNO begin to lose she grip because of the thick gout of blood ooze between she finger . JUNO be spitting blood , in a violent rage , when a second crawler lunge out of the darkness at she , grapple she to the ground ! still manage to hang on to holly 's ankle , even with the new crawler on top of she , JUNO wage a furious war . 115 116 117 118 64 . she hack away at the crawler as holly be drag away , still weakly struggle ... CUT to : int - honeycomb 2 - dark 115 pant and exhaust , rebecca and SAM emerge into a unfamiliar chamber . realization dawns on SAM . SAM where be the other ? int - honeycomb 3 - dark 116 beth get to she foot , disorient , lose and afraid , not know where sarah have go ... beth Sarah ....? she hear JUNO 's struggle echoing through the cave , draw she attention .... CUT to : int - honeycomb 1 - dark 117 JUNO watch horrify as holly be drag away by ' scar 's , the crawler she maim . she smashes the pick into she attacker , long enough to get it off she as she scramble after holly , but its not long before the attacker leap on she back , pull she hair , try to sink its tooth into she neck . CUT to : int - lair - dark 118 still run , sarah stumble blindly in the darkness , the ground drop away beneath she and she slide down a long and slippery gradient toward a precipice . she can not stop . she fall , but only about ten foot , she head hit the cold , wet stone with a sicken thud . she do not move . CUT to : 119 65 . int - honeycomb 1 - dark 119 JUNO roll onto she back , on top of the crawler , smash she head back into its face , before turn over , drive she knee into its solar - plexus and , with fury in she eye , bring the pick down upon its head . this be pure uncontrolled rage as she drive the sharp pick into the creature 's brain again and again pummelling it to jelly until the crawler finally stop twitching . seethe with adrenaline , grief and hate , JUNO sit atop she kill , breathe deeply , sweat , shudder . she stand , and take a deep breath . silence . then , she sense movement behind she . she whirl around , swinging the bloody pick toward she new attacker ! whack ! it 's a uncontrolled , adrenaline - fuelle reaction and JUNO 's face instantly turn from one of anger to one of stupefy horror as she find beth stand before she , look at she with a blank expression upon she face . neither of they know quite what have happen until beth drop to she knee , pull JUNO with she because the point of she pick be embed in beth 's neck , and JUNO , in shock , can not control she body enough to let go . only as beth slump to the ground do the pick finally come free . beth be still alive , blood gush from she neck . JUNO stagger back , in horror at what she 's do ! the sound of crawler shriek before she , advance , she must get out of there , and quickly . beth look at she incredulous , know what she be go to do . she reach out to JUNO , but JUNO back off . it 's she or Beth . Law of the cave . JUNO I can not save you ... beth pants , desperate , hearing the crawler , she hand to she neck , sticky with she own blood beth you can help I .. JUNO ! fuck you JUNO help I you can ’t leave I like this ! 120 121 122 66 . JUNO back away , turn and run .... CUT to : int - honeycomb 2 - dark 120 rebecca and SAM come to a stop , listen to see if they be be follow . rebecca stop ....! SAM what happen to the other ? rebecca I do not know ... we have to go back . a shriek pierce the darkness ... SAM fuck that ! rebecca they be still follow we ..... come on . rebecca pull SAM after she , and we CUT to : int - lair - dark 121 the cam-corder be lie on its side , filming sarah lie unconscious . her eyelid be flicker . we zoom in one the view finder and CUT to : int . dark space - flashback 122 we see the same image again , five candle . jessica . darkness . in the background , indistinctly , we see paul and sarah smile over jessica 's shoulder . nightmarishly , discordantly we hear the strain of ' happy birthday '. CUT back to : 123 124 125 67 . int - lair - dark 123 sarah wake up and do not know where she be . her helmet lamp be smashed and she torch nowhere to be find . all she can reach be holly cam -corder . the first thing she spot be a old mining lamp , a name paint roughly on its side - ' taylor 's he activate it and look through the infra - red view finder at horrifying sight . human remain - a skull , and next to it , art of a skeleton . Beyond that , more human remain , mix mong the animal carcass and bone . lspaowoan he cavern be like some kind of underground abattoir . Fresh nimal carcass old and new litter the room , dumped here from bove , ready to be stripped and devoure . giant elk , deer , even cougar lie with they throat rip out , blood everywhere . t 's a vision of Hell . Ho @9 dh aarrah use the camera to assess the cavern and find a way out , hen she hear a noise from the gallery above , ( where she fall own ) . she rapidly back into its darkest shadow , directly eneath the gallery . here be more noise from above , then silence , and suddenly olly 's corpse be drop right in front of she ! sarah recoil n shock , as holly , blood - soak and batter , lie there , taring back at she . ohoda taen a SNAP light attach to she belt be still work , and fill the cavern with a eerie GREEN glow ! CUT to : int - honeycomb 1 - dark 124 JUNO stagger against a wall and throw up . behind she the sound of crawler echo through the tunnel . she hurry on and we CUT to : int - honeycomb 2 - dark 125 rebecca and SAM be hurry away from the sound of the crawler , when rebecca spot a ledge up in the side of the tunnel . 126 127 68. rebecca up there ! hurry ... they waste no time in crawl into the tight space , in the hope that the crawler may overtake they in the darkness . as they go , SAM drop the blue chemical SNAP light she be hold and they clatter to the floor of the tunnel . she try to go back for they , but rebecca grab she rebecca ( cont would ) forget they ... hurry ! the two woman crawl onto the high ledge , switch off they torch and helmet lamp and lie silently on the ledge , SAM behind , rebecca in front , with only the blue glow of the SNAP light to give they any sense of comfort . CUT to : int - lair - dark 126 sarah hear a new sound , from all around . a lower , less aggressive rasp , as several crawler emerge from the shadow into this lair , and approach the fresh meat of holly 's corpse . sarah freeze , and wait ... sarah can only cower and watch through the cam-corder as the crawler gather around the fresh kill and begin rip it apart . sarah close she eye , gag . but one of the crawler , ' scar 's , between sarah and holly 's corpse , smell something new , and turn its attention toward sarah ! sarah , sense something close , open she eye to see ( through the cam - corder ) the crawler face , inch from she own , its eye close , sniff the air . sarah hold she breath . the crawler open its eye wide to reveal two yellow eyeball . follow its nose , the crawler rise upwards , to the rock face , then turn its attention back to the main course , but sarah be trap .... CUT to : int - honeycomb 2 127 rebecca and SAM lie silently together as they hear the sound of something approach . it 's a crawler , move cautiously , hunt by sound , search for they . 128 69 . SAM gasp , and rebecca quickly put she hand over she mouth . the crawler be very close , climb along the wall . a gaunt , clammy hand touch the rock beside SAM 's face . the crawler be move along the wall , right over they in the semi - darkness , skim past they body . it seem totally unaware of the light source as its yellow eye seem to glow in the blue glow . they try to remain absolutely still as the crawler pause briefly , right next to rebecca 's face . it 's so close she can taste its rancid breath in she mouth . it listen , sense nothing , and move on . rebecca take she hand from SAM 's mouth .... SAM it could not see we ..... the second tick by , and in time the coast seem clear . then the terrible bleep of a digital alarm ! along the tunnel , the crawler spin about SAM ( cont have ) ( whimper ) my fuck watch ... SAM struggle and throw the watch as far back along the tunnel as she can . almost instantly the crawler rush past in pursuit of the noise . rebecca and SAM lie quiet and still , not dare to move a muscle . fade to black . dissolve to : int - honeycomb 1 - dark 128 a distant light appear in the pitch darkness , head this way along dank , drip tunnel . JUNO , alone , move cautiously through the maze of cavern , try to find trace of sarah , rebecca and SAM . use a ( silent ) GREEN SNAP - light , she weave this way and that listen out for crawler , pick in hand , ready for anything . reaching a junction between several interconnect tunnel , she notice a arrow scrawle on the tunnel wall . it mean something .... 129 130 131 70 . she look and listen along each of the tunnel , and through one she can hear the faint whistling of a breeze . a breeze mean one thing ..... a way out . CUT to : int - lair - dark 129 sarah be still trap , and in the semi-darkness , light only by holly 's SNAP light , all she can hear be the sound of she friend be tear apart ! it 's drive she insane , but she cannot give herself away . suddenly , from elsewhere , the sound of a fall rock echoe through the cavern , then a voice .... faint but audible .... JUNO Sarah ...... ? the crawler turn to the sound , and in one sudden movement the pack dart out of the lair on the hunt again ! sarah take a deep breath of rancid air , almost gag on its foulness . CUT to : int - honeycomb 1 - dark 130 JUNO have arrive at a junction between two tunnel and do not know which one to take .... there 's only one thing for it . JUNO rebecca ?! can anybody hear I ?! CUT to : int - honeycomb 2 - dark 131 rebecca and SAM hear she .... SAM it 's juno ....... rebecca the noise she 's make she ’1ll bring everyone of that thing down on she head . 132 133 71 . SAM as long as it 's not on mine . rebecca we can not stay here forever . together , they shuffle out of they hide place ... CUT to : int - lair - dark 132 sarah carefully emerge from the shadow now that the coast be clear . she edge toward the fracture remain of holly .... sarah I be sorry .... carefully she pull the pick handle ( use as a makeshift splint on Holly 's leg ) free from the blood and gore , steaming in the cold darkness . it 's a grisly job . once that 's free , sarah now lift holly 's upper body so she can remove she outer layer of clothing . it 's tricky , icky , awkward work , but sarah finally manage it , and allow holly 's body to slump back to the ground . now she wrap the clothing around the end of the pick handle , then grab the miner lamp , unscrew the cap and douse she makeshift torch in oil . finally she take out a lighter and strike it up , lighting the torch and fill this kill house with a hot flicker orange glow . unable to climb out the way she fall in , she move deeper into the lair , carefully tread between the detritus of death . CUT to : int - honeycomb 1 - dark 133 JUNO find another arrow and again follow it backwards , to another junction and yet another arrow . JUNO Rebecca ..... Sarah ?!!! 134 72 . she 's forget herself , carry away by the possibility of hope . but that hope be shattered by the sudden shriek of a crawler in reply to she call ... CUT to : int - honeycomb 2 - dark 134 rebecca and SAM hear this too . they freeze and throw themselves against the wall , carefully edging toward the corner , from where the shriek come from . this crawler be get closer . carefully , slowly , rebecca peer around the corner , breathe hard and fast , the sweat run from she brow .... but the tunnel be empty . SAM be look the other way , cover they rear , as rebecca turn back .... rebecca it 's clear .... they turn the corner , but as they do , the crawler appear , not from below but from above ! it be hang upside down from the roof and it lash out at rebecca , slashing she across the shoulder . she get clear in time to swipe back at it with she pick , but miss ! in the blue of she SNAP light , the crawler open its yellow eye and shriek loudly at they . rebecca ( cont no ) shit ! rebecca back away , SAM behind she , but the crawler keep pace with they , dogging they as they retreat . rebecca swipe the pick at it whenever it get too close . but they quickly find themselves cornere , back up against a wall with nowhere leave to run . if they try to move leave or right , the crawler counter they . rebecca ( cont have ) Sam .... when I say ...run ! SAM I will not go without you ! rebecca just do it ! now ! in desperation rebecca lunge at the crawler , swiping with she pick with she left hand . the crawler back off , and SAM run for it ! 135 136 137 138 73. almost immediately SAM run into something ( off screen ) and come to a startle halt ! rebecca swing the pick at the crawler head but the crawler grab it and push she back against the wall , hold she by the throat and open its wide jaw ready to take a bite ! suddenly another pick come whoosh out of the darkness , spin through the air and embed itself in the crawler back ! the crawler buckle backward , try to pull the pick out from between its shoulder ! rebecca look up just as JUNO ( follow by SAM ) appear from the shadow beyond , then she drive she own pick into the crawler chest , and all three woman attack the beast with whatever come to hand ! the crawler let out a pierce shriek , like a cry for help , as it go down beneath the blow . CUT to : int - lair - dark 135 sarah hear the cry . it send a shiver down she spine , as she stop , listen , wait .... CUT to : int - honeycomb 2 - dark 136 JUNO finish it off by cave its skull in with a rock . bloody and desperate the three exhaust woman look at each other , a new find understanding between they . CUT to : int - lair - dark 137 sarah , feel more confident , move on , carry she burn torch . she be still make she way through the low hang vault of the lair , nervously look around , expect the crawler to return at any moment . CUT to : int - honeycomb 2 - dark 138 JUNO and rebecca share a quick tight embrace . 74 . rebecca we hear you call for Sarah . you see Beth ? JUNO bane she fall . I lose she ... I do not think she make it . the woman be silent . no one can find anything to say as the horror of the situation settles over they . then SAM look down at the mutilate crawler , the first one they have see up close . JUNO ( cont have ) what be it , Sam ? SAM I do not know , but .. it look almost human . rebecca not anymore it do not . come on . we have to find the other . JUNO wait . take a good look at it Sam . tell we what we be deal with here . it might help we fight they . SAM well , it 's almost totally blind , and judge from what we have see I have say it use sound and smell to see with and hunt with , like a bat . it 's perfectly design to live down here in the dark . and it get some sort of blood infection , that 's what make it yellow . jaundice ? rebecca how do it get here ? JUNO people live in this cave , the one who do the painting . rebecca what ? this thing eat the cavemen ? SAM no . they evolve . I think they be the cavemen . 139 75 . they look at each other , the horror of this possibility dawn on they . JUNO whatever they be , they come and go to the surface to hunt , right ? they bring they food down here to eat . if we can stay quiet enough , and evade this fucker .... I think I have find the way out . rebecca you think ? JUNO the climb gear we find . whoever bring that in here mark they route so they could find they way back out ... I have find the marking . SAM so what be we wait for JUNO look back at she .... JUNO Sarah .... we have to find Sarah . CUT to : int - lair - dark 139 sarah scan the entire lair , sweeping the torch back and forth look for Beth . as sarah head down toward the far end of the lair she stumble and fall . we track across the sea of body and bone littering the floor of this cavern , towards Sarah . as she start to pick herself up sarah realize she hand be touch something . something strange . she turn ... she be touch a human leg . she clear away some debris to reveal the rest of the body . it 's lie face down , but we can tell it be the body a woman . some of the flesh have be stripped from the lower leg by razor sharp tooth . sarah ( whimper ) oh god oh god ... 76 . Sarah already know who it be , but she reach out anyway to turn beth 's body over , revealing the gape neck wound inflicted by JUNO . sarah Beth ... sarah raise beth 's upper body from the ground and cradle she in she arm . as she lower beth 's body back to the ground Beth 's eye SNAP OPEN . she 's not dead yet . not quite . Sarah jolt in shock . beth 's word be hiss out in a hideously labour rasp . beth Sarah . run. sarah I be go to get you out of here . beth ( calm ) no . I can not move . I can not - feel . anything . ( beat ) I could not even feel my leg when the ... thing ... start ... [ eat they ] sarah I hear juno call I . she 's alive . I be go to find she and we be go to get you out of here . beth stay away from she . she do this to I . she leave I to die . sarah no Beth . no she do not ... beth ( hiss ) listen to I sarah ! you can ’t trust her ! sheas dangerous ! sarah she 's we friend . juno 's we friend . 140 141 142 143 77 . beth she 's a fucking bitch and she always have be ! ( beat ) she be fuck he . sarah what ? beth Paul . she be fuck he . scene deleted 140 ext _- white water raft - day 141 on the edge of the rapid , JUNO clock paul and jessica below . JUNO let 's make ‘em proud . there be a hint of cruel mockery in JUNO 's eye . CUT to : int . lair . dark 142 Sarah be almost trance like . sarah no ... CUT to : ext - riverbank - day 143 sarah 's Pov : paul pull the soaking JUNO towards he . for a moment they eye lock with hungry lust , oblivious to they surroundings . beth ( 0.s ) I be sorry ... CUT to : 78. 144 int . lair . dark 144 beth cough up blood . sarah snap out of she trance , look blank , empty . beth Sarah ... sarah yes ? beth take this . beth remove the whistle from around she neck and hand it to Sarah . they hand touch as sarah take it from she . tear stream down she face , sarah place the whistle around she neck and tuck it into she top , just like beth wear it . in the distance we hear the shriek of a crawler . beth do not leave I like this . sarah what ? beth look at she intently . beth do not leave I like this . close on sarah as she realize what beth be ask she to do . sarah Close you eye . sarah reach down and find a jagged rock . as she raise it we CUT to : wide shot : Sarah 's tiny figure as she bring the rock down in a smooth , merciful , arc . CUT to : ecu of sarah 's face . eye close . expressionless . she hear a noise from elsewhere in the cavern and grab she torch , swinging it around to see a lone crawler , stealthily creep up on she , about 20 foot away . 79 . with a valedictory glance at beth 's dead body , sarah bolt for it , run as fast as she can toward the first available exit . she 's a machine . she spot a tunnel and head for it , but before she can reach it , the floor of bone give way beneath she . the lower end of the lair be a drainage pool , stack high with animal carcass , thick with clotted blood and cover in so much dust and debris it look like a solid floor , but it 's about 4 or 5 foot deep . sarah plunge headfirst into this blood - pool , she torch fly from she hand and landing on the far side . when sarah surface again , all trace of she beauty and humanity have vanish . she be cover in blood . after this hellish baptism sarah be now as frightening as anything else in the cave . she look around , try to spot the crawler , but there be no sign of it . she turn and head for the tunnel , but almost immediately the crawler burst up out of the blood - pool in front of she , bloody as Hell . it grab she and the two of they disappear under the surface together . for a moment the surface of the pool go calm .... then they be - emerge , engage in a_ ferocious battle , lash out at each other in savage fury . they have each other by the throat squeezing tightly . the crawler be stronger and try to force sarah 's head under again . as she go she reach around with she free hand , try to find something , anything , she can use as a weapon . just as she face disappear beneath the surface and blood flow into she gasp , open mouth , she grab hold of a rib bone and thrust its sharp break tip into the crawler 's eye . the crawler wail and sarah spit out blood , push the rib bone deeper and deeper into the crawler 's eye socket , force the crawler underwater and keep it there until it stop struggle . exhausted , sarah fight she way to the edge of the pool , and with great effort haul herself out onto the rim , where she collapse , face down , gasp in air . then , just beyond she , we see something move . another crawler have enter the lair . sarah , look toward we , become aware of its presence , and freeze still . she 's still cover in blood , much like everything else in the lair . 145 146 80 . she stay absolutely still as the crawler , sniff the air move along the edge of the pool toward she . then the crawler hand rest on sarah 's head , as it sniff the air , listen for sign of life . after a moment it move on , and sarah very slowly , very carefully reach out toward a massive elk thigh bone lie nearby . the crawler come up close , sniff the air before we , and behind it , we can see the crimson form of sarah rise up slowly , menacingly like some savage goddess . sarah take a deep breath and let it out , the crawler sniff the air , sense the new smell , and turn back toward sarah just as she bring the thigh bone crash down on its skull , again and again , she eye blind by blood and rage ! finally she stop and slump down . drain . then she hear it , the distant shriek of many crawler , come from all around she . she look up , with eye now cold and merciless . scene deleted 145 int - honeycomb 2 - dark 146 JUNO , rebecca and SAM hear the shriek too , but for they it be much closer , and come they way . JUNO go on , follow the marking , hurry ....! rebecca and SAM hurry off , find the arrow and follow they backwards . JUNO wait behind , want to be certain that the crawler be come after they . she shine she torch along the tunnel into the darkness , move slowly forward as the shriek get louder , grow in number . JUNO ( cont have ) sarah ?! ! ! then she see they , all of they , crawling out of the darkness toward she en masse . move fast , on all four , along the ground , the wall and the roof of the tunnel , twenty or more of they , head this way ! at the front of the pack be scar ! JUNO turn - 81. JUNO ( cont have ) run !!! CUT to : 147 int - tunnel - dark 147 SAM and rebecca hit a junction and quickly find the arrow draw on the wall . rebecca juno , this way ! hurry ! JUNO sarah ?! ! ! rebecca she 's dead , juno ! we can not wait for she ! JUNO stare hard at rebecca , know she 's probably right . rebecca ( cont no ) come on ! SAM run off ahead , while rebecca wait to see if JUNO be follow . rebecca ( cont have ) SAM ?! wait ! once she see JUNO 's light come , she take off after SAM . CUT to : now we too be run along the tunnel as fast as we can weaving this way and that , first ahead of they , then behind . SAM at the front , rebecca in the middle and JUNO bring up the rear , stop briefly to check behind she , then take off again at speed . it 's a frantic chase , with the crawler bite at they heel . CUT to : SAM find another arrow and follow its course backwards rebecca be with she now and JUNO not far behind . CUT to : SAM run into a pool of water but keep on go . rebecca follow but stumble , fall headlong , until JUNO grab she and pull she to she foot . 148 149 82. she 's limping now . then rebecca notice that SAM have miss a turn and a arrow , tell they to go in a different direction . rebecca ( cont have ) SAM ! it 's the wrong way ! JUNO shit ! come on ! they follow SAM , JUNO support the injure rebecca . CUT to : int - canyon gorge 2 - dark 148 SAM crawl on hand and knee through a low tunnel and almost run over the edge of this vertical drop , but stop herself in time . the tunnel have run out , and before she lie a deep gorge similar to the one rebecca cross earlier , about twenty foot across , with no way around it . on stop so suddenly SAM have send several rock tumble over the edge into oblivion . now she hear they splash down in water far below . above she , the roof of the cavern arc over the gorge , and there she see she chance . emulate she big sister , she see a crack span the roof that could take she to the far side , and she 's desperate enough to try it . she hammer in a piton , tie on a safety rope , climb up and put she hand into the crack , clenches it and let it take she weight ! the pain be unbearable and she gasp as we CUT to : int - tunnel - dark 149 rebecca and JUNO hurry after SAM , reach the low segment of tunnel .... rebecca you go first ! stop she ! I 'il be right behind you ! JUNO crawl in first and rebecca follow . CUT to : 150 83. int - canyon gorge 2 - dark 150 SAM be resolute and determine . shake with the strain , she pull herself up far enough to secure the spring load grapnel and hook on she safety line . JUNO emerge from the low tunnel to see SAM be halfway across the void . JUNO Sam ! what be you do ?! you can not do it ! come back ! SAM ?! SAM look back at JUNO with a mix of steely resolve and tear in she eye , the pain she be endure be unbelievable but she will not give in . JUNO ( cont would ) ( call back ) Rebecca , hurry ! a crawler let out a loud shriek , and JUNO trace the sound . it 's ahead of SAM . SAM look up and see it come across the roof , upside down , toward she rebecca , crawl out of the tunnel and see it too ! rebecca no .... SAM , get out of there ! hurry ! SAM look at the crawler , look at she own situation , and know that she 's not go to make it back to the near side in time . then she look directly at rebecca across the void . no word be need . rebecca look back at she in flood of tear . SAM wedge in one more grapnel , hook she safety line on to it , and with she free hand , take she clasp knife from its sheath and put it between she tooth , before move hand over hand directly toward the crawler ! rebecca ( cont have ) what be you do !? SAM , no ! but SAM have death in mind and she and the crawler meet head on . SAM do not stand a chance , hang above the gorge with only one free hand , but she do manage to take a few slashes at the crawler until it suddenly lash out at she and , with its claw , rip open she throat ! SAM hang they momentarily in shock as blood gush out , then she look up at the crawler , hiss back at she , upside down ! 84 . she suddenly swing she leg up and wrap they around the crawler 's back before let go with she hand . now she wrap she arm around its neck and , blind by she own blood , drive she knife into the crawler 's heart . rebecca can only watch in horror and sorrow as she sister fight to the death . rebecca ( cont no ) nnnnnoooooooooo ! HH ! hhh eri itt the crawler shriek loudly and cannot hold on any longer . the weight of SAM pull it from the roof and together they drop into the abyss . the safety rope reach its limit and SAM 's body be whip - lash to a halt , while the crawler keep fall , shriek as it fall , until it hit the water below with a loud splash . SAM be leave hang at the end of the rope , swinging back and forth like a pendulum . rebecca be a quivering wreck as JUNO embrace she , force she to look away , a tear in she own eye as she look at SAM , hang from the end of the rope . rebecca slump against the wall as JUNO consider the more press matter of they own survival . she stand on the edge , look down , think . JUNO Rebecca . we can not stay here ... rebecca then go . I do not care anymore . JUNO no , Rebecca , we can still get out ! we have to ! rebecca what do it matter ? we be fuck . we be fuck the moment we set foot in this place . JUNO I be not go to die in this fuck hellhole ! rebecca do not you understand ?! it 's the cave . it want US to die ! it won ’t let US leave !!! 85 . rebecca be suddenly yank off she foot ! she land face down the wind knock out of she JUNO rebecca ! !!! the crawler be here ! they be pull rebecca back into the low tunnel . the shock bring rebecca back to she sense , and she claw at the rock and dirt ! JUNO grab hold of she bandaged hand and rebecca scream out in pain as she kick at she attacker . but they grab she foot and pull she deeper into the tunnel ! rebecca JUNO ?! 11 ! but JUNO can barely hold on to the blood - soak bandage as rebecca be yank forcefully backward . JUNO Rebecca , hold on !! JUNO cry out in rage as rebecca be yank free and drag kick and scream into the tunnel , resisting every step of the way , scraping she fingernails across the rock , stare back into JUNO 's eye until she vanish from sight . CUT to : JUNO back away from the tunnel toward the edge of the gorge . she know they 'il be come for she next . she know she have little choice . she do not have time to scale the cavern roof . she turn and look down . prepare to jump . CUT to : Pov - come out of the tunnel toward JUNO 's back , closer and closer until ... JUNO swallow a breath and leap into infinity . CUT to : JUNO drop away into the pitch darkness . silence . the vast deadly silence of the cave . she disappear for what seem like a eternity until we CUT to : 151 152 86 . int - underwater - dark 151 look upward from below as a faint glow appear , grow closer until JUNO hit the water , illuminate by the SNAP light she be hold . CUT to : int - canyon pool - dark 152 JUNO float to the surface , intermittently light up by the light from SAM 's torch , swinging back and forth high above she the pool itself be entirely enclose , with water drip and pour down from the wall above . from one side a small waterfall gush steadily from a fissure in the wall , drop about 15 foot into the pool . JUNO , daze by the impact of the fall , flounder in the water , weak from exhaustion , she begin to sink , as she 's bath ina warm fiery glow . a hand reach down to she ... sarah ( 0s ) juno ! grab my hand ! JUNO weakly reach up and grab she hand . sarah haul she up and out of the water , onto the rock . JUNO look up at she saviour . sarah 's hair be hang down across she face , matte and dishevel . her clothes , what remain of they , be tatter and tear , she bare arm and leg stain with blood and lace with cut and bruise . she look every inch the primal savage . JUNO Sarah ..... sarah say nothing as she pull JUNO up beside she . JUNO instinctively embrace she , but as she do she become aware of the matte blood in sarah 's hair . she back away , look at she own hand , now cover in the same blood ... JUNO ( cont would ) oh my God .... what happen ? sarah I kill some of they ... Rebecca ? Sam ? 87 . JUNO - no . sarah say nothing . she seem devoid of compassion . JUNO look at this person before she , barely recognizable as the friend she once know . sarah what about Beth ? JUNO .. I be so sorry Sarah ... she do not make it ... she fall . sarah you see she die ? JUNO .. yes . Sarah remain silent , half turn to leave . sarah well , be you come or not ? there be a air of tension between they now . juno follow warily as sarah lead the way up past the waterfall and into the fissure as we CUT to : 153 int - honeycomb 3 - dark 153 find holly 's discard pack lie on the ground , JUNO hurry over to it and quickly pull out all the flare leave in it . about 6 in all . she combine they with the 4 she have leave . sarah find beth 's pick and swap it for she bone . JUNO ten flare . shriek fill the cavern . JUNO and sarah move on , stealthy as big cat . CUT to : JUNO light a flare and throw it down at a junction before she and sarah check the immediate area and move off , cautious but urgent . CUT to : 154 88. behind they , they leave a trail of hot burn flare , fill the cavern with smoke and throw the crawler off they scent . int - ascending passage - dark 154 sarah carefully peer around the corner look down the passage , the crawler be nowhere in sight . sarah it 's clear . JUNO do not say a word as she look back at sarah and follow she lead . CUT to : sarah hold she firebrand out before she as they follow the breeze to its conclusion . JUNO , hold she pick , follow close behind . always alert always glance behind . they be climbing steeply now , back up to the surface , through new and unchart territory , draw they slowly onwards and upwards . a nerve tingling shriek can be hear behind they ! they stop and turn , listen . this shriek be close and they have nowhere to hide , and only one flare leave . they hurry on . the breeze seem to be get stronger . they be climb as fast as they can through this wind , meander passage , over rock , up steep incline and through pool of gather water . then they hear another shriek , closer still , and then another and another . the crawler be so close . they turn to hurry onward , only to find the way ahead block . four crawler lie in wait for they . ' scar 's at the front . it 's a trap . JUNO strike up the last flare and the first crawler immediately launch itself from a high rock at JUNO , tackle she and bring she down in a pool of water . 89 . sarah let out a fearful , guttural roar of defiance and keep the other three at bay with the firebrand , thrust it at they , wave it back and forth in desperation . behind she , JUNO be engage in a battle royale with the first crawler . amidst the frenzied movement and splash of the water it be difficult to tell the two violently thrashing form apart as JUNO pound at the crawler with she pick . the other three be quickly learn to outwit sarah by surround she . as she keep two at bay , the third attack she from the rear . sarah and JUNO have both descend into pure savagery . this be a brutal , almost primordial struggle between two species . neither side be about to go down without take the other with it . sarah smashes she pick into the side of she first attacker , follow by a kick in the head from she heavy boot . but this leave a open for the other two to launch themselves at she drive she to the ground and knock the firebrand from she grasp . JUNO and the first crawler be now pummelling away at each other in a pool red with blood from both of they wound . eventually JUNO see a open and smashes the crawler across the jaw with the pick , shatter the handle and the creature face - she grab its limp form and smashes the skull of she attacker repeatedly against the rock with she bare , bloody hand . sarah swing she pick , punch with she free hand and lash out with she foot , kick anything that get in she way . she now have two crawler on top of she and be fight like a tiger . JUNO distract ' scar 's and they face off together , circle each other , leave sarah one on one . the two of they go at they attacker hammer and tong , lay into they with every ounce of strength they have leave - the ferocity of they attack be more than a match for the crawler , who rip and tear at the woman 's expose skin . but the crawler get the advantage over sarah and , strangling she , hold she head under water . ' scar 's lunge at JUNO and she duck and roll , grab the flaming brand and shove it into the crawler 's wide open jaw ! ' scar 's shriek wildly as JUNO , still hold the firebrand , get to she foot and stand over the hideous beast , bring the point of she pick downward , drive it into she nemesis’ brain . at the same moment sarah manage to grab a rock and smashes it into the creature 's head , crush its skull . 90 . finally it 's over . the two woman stare at each other , and they no longer recognize they former selve in the apparition that now stand here , fill with blood lust . they have become consume by the darkness . only now , after the fight , can we see that beth 's whistle be hang out of sarah 's top . JUNO see it and know its significance . sarah see that juno see ... the two of they lock eye . JUNO eye the whistle nervously . JUNO Sarah ... it be a accident . I swear it . sarah Cross you heart and hope to die ? then a loud shriek from close by . JUNO turn to look . the passage be fill with crawler ! wait to strike , hungry for the kill ! sarah and JUNO be beyond exhaustion and can not hope to outrun they , or fight again . they be doom . JUNO look back at Sarah just as in slo - mo we see a pick swing downward in a sweeping arc , impact with flesh and bone . the two woman stand face to face . JUNO convulse in shock , eye wide . sarah 's face betray no emotion . this be a cold , calculate , deliberate kill . without a word , sarah break off and run for it . JUNO collapse in agony , the pick protrude sideways from she knee ! she 's not go anywhere , and the crawler be close in ! she be easy meat . CUT to : sarah never look back as JUNO scream at she .... JUNO fuck you ! ... fuck you ! then the crawler swarm in on top of she ! JUNO ( cont would ) and fuck you too ! CUT to : juno wrench the pick from she own knee and make she stand as she 's envelop by a seethe mass of crawler ! 155 156 157 91 . int - steep tunnel - dark 155 sarah run as fast as she can through wind passage in the rock , turn this way and that , lose herself in the maze once more . she 's see chalk mark at every turn , arrow contradict themselves , point in opposite direction , she 's go insane when suddenly the ground give way beneath she and she fall ... CUT to : int - funnel - dark 156 she roll down a steep funnel , bounce this way and that , roll head over heel through cobweb and stir up dust until she come to a crash halt , lie semi-conscious in a new chamber , and we CUT to : int - bone chamber - dark 157 ecu - Light shine across sarah 's face . there be a sense of calm about she now , as if she 's lose to some twisted inner peace , she eye glaze over , stare up at the light . in time she look around and see bone , human bone , not just a few but hundred , maybe thousand , pile up against the wall like a giant waste tip . the bone be ancient , brittle and white . among the bone lie item of Native american paraphernalia . but finally she attention be draw to the source light that shine on she . High above , at the top of the bone mountain daylight be shine in through a cleft in the rock sarah gaze up at it , draw to it , the way out . she begin to scramble up the mound of bone , claw she way upward , on hand and knee , toward the light ... at last , and with extreme effort , she reach the top and climb up through the narrow cleft , toward the daylight beyond . CUT to : 158 159 160 161 162 92 . ext - cave entrance - sunset 158 sarah emerge at the mouth of the cave starkly silhouett against the blind sunset . CUT to : ext _- forest - sunset 159 with the sunlight stream down through the tree , sarah can hear the sound of shrieking echoing through the mountain canyon all around she . she run wildly , push she way through the undergrowth in a fevere state of pure desperation ! CUT to : ext - forest track - sunset 160 she scramble out of the tree line , collide with and collapse upon the bonnet of JUNO 's 4x4 ! CUT to : int - first 4x4 - sunset 161 cu the key go into the ignition and we CUT to : sarah fire up the engine and slam it into reverse CUT to : ext_ - forest track - sunset 162 the 4x4 's wheel skid on the loose dirt before gain traction as we CUT to : we crane upwards as the vehicle reverse towards we at speed before pull a sudden 180 skid , turn to face forward , then power-housing it beneath US and away down the treacherous mountain track . CUT to : 163 164 165 166 167 93. int - first 4x4 - sunset 163 driving in the same possess manner as she run , sarah have a expression of absolute resolve on she face . CUT to : ext - forest track - sunset 164 the 4x4 smashes its way through branch hang across the road , lurching wildly on the uneven surface , threaten to lose control and hurtle off the side of the road into oblivion at any moment . CUT to : ext - forest road - sunset 165 the 4x4 reach the end of the rough track as sarah throw it around a tight bend and onto the mountain highway . with a high pitch squeal and the pungent smoke of burn rubber , the 4x4 straighten up and head off down the highway as we CUT to : int - first 4x4 - sunset 166 only now do sarah 's resolve begin to weaken . the first tear begin to well up in she eye as the event of the past 24 hour flood back . she be psychologically overwhelm and physically shattered . slowly but surely the emotion set in and she lose control . as she break down , she bring the vehicle to a sudden stop in the middle of the empty highway . the 4x4 just sit there , its engine purring softly , as we CUT to : int - first 4x4 - sunset 167 sarah slump forward onto the steering wheel in a state of overwhelming emotional turmoil . torn by feeling of sorrow , anger , remorse and guilt , she can only attempt to gather some sort of composure . 168 169 170 94 . when , in time , she do , she sit back on she seat , but JUNO be now sit in the passenger seat beside she , streak in blood ! sarah turn to she and gasp as we smash CUT back to : int - bone chamber / dark space . dark 168 ecu of Sarah 's face as she jolt herself back to reality . she be back in the dark chamber that she fall into a few moment ago . only we now see that be not a bone chamber . just a desolate ledge deep in the interior of the cave . sarah , lose now to the darkness , beyond save , huddle up draw she leg close , she knee to she chin , rock back and forth . only she delusional mind and she fade firebrand can give she any comfort now . she stay where she be , stare at the flame , at one with the dark , as we crane down toward she , from a high wide into a ecu on she eye , highlight by the flicker flame . CUT to : int - dark empty space - dark 169 sarah and jessica , together but alone in the darkness , sit in front of a birthday cake with six flicker candle . we pull back from they as they blow out the candle , and at the moment they go out we CUT to black fade up on : group_photo 170 credit roll over the black and white photograph holly take of all the woman on the step of the lodge , accompany by siouxsie and the banshee - ' into the light 's . the end