the Zero theorem by Pat rushin fade in : a rim of swirl light appear , circle helplessly into a gigantic black hole . it spiral inward ... a phone ring . int . run - down chapel - night dim , high -ceiling . gut of half its pews . Broken stain glass window . vandalize statue of saint . iconoclastic clutter lie beneath rusted , wringht iron stand of votive candle . at the chapel 's front : a decapitate Jesus hang from a char wooden cross above where a altar once stand . the altar space : convert to a computer work station . pile of carelessly stashed disc and printout abound . sacristy doorway lead to kitchen and bathroom . a unmade brass bed sit off to one side . in a alcove off to the other side , a shrine . candle burn in a votive stand . frame picture hang above it , they face turn to the wall . a torment figure sit at the computer ... meet : qohen leth , 40s , gaunt , pale and completely hairless . his hand clench and unclench above he keyboard as he stare mesmerize at the swirl image of a black hole screensaver . his rotary phone ring . qohen blink out of he trance , a look of panic on he face , and reach for the phone ... too late . the phone stop ringing before he can answer it . qohen moan softly and turn back to he computer . he tap a key and the screensaver disappear , replace by a scrolling flurry of esoteric symbol . he type frenetically , eye focus intensely . the phone ring . qohen snatch the receiver . qohen hello ? hello ? no answer . qohen sigh , slowly hang up the receiver , and return he attention to the computer screen . he begin type again ... his wind - up clock ring . its hand read 5:09 . qohen jump . he slap the alarm off , rub he eye as if he 's just awaken . stand and stretch , he raise he eye to the disfigure crucifix before he . int . kitchen - later qohen stand in he small galley kitchen , wait for the microwave to finish , a open container of generic " instant oatmeal " on the counter in front of he . a open cupboard above reveal various food product , all bland , all tasteless , all generically package in white with block black lettering . qohen methodically set the counter with plate , napkin , spoon ... and , after retrieve the spoon from its drawer , notice a steak knife . he pick it up , study its edge , then ... gently trace a forearm vein , like a architect draw a blueprint . the knife draw blood . qohen stare at it . the microwave beeps . the wall phone ring . qohen look confuse for a moment . then , frantic and hopeful , he lunge for the phone . qohen hello ? he listen , face turn bland . qohen ( cont 'd ) no ... we be sorry ... we be afraid you have the wrong number . qohen hang up , take he steaming bowl of oatmeal from the microwave . he stand at the counter , spoon in hand , stare at the bowl with slight distaste : just another job to do . he absently bring he wrist to he mouth , taste the blood . his face sour . he grab he napkin and wipe he tongue clean . int . bathroom - later qohen stare at himself in the mirror as he brushes he tooth . he spit , take a deep breath . int . chapel - later clad in black , sleeve and collar buttone , qohen pop a disc out of he computer and slip it into he shirt pocket . shrine - moment later qohen light a candle . he stare at one of the picture frame , then carefully turn it to reveal its hide photo . insert - photo stand on the front porch of a suburban home , qohen 's wife hold they baby son in she arm , both smile at the camera . she hold the baby 's hand up in a pudgy - finger wave . stand behind the two , young qohen beam with pride . back to scene qohen gaze at the photo , then bow he head , fight he emotion . he turn the picture 's face to the wall again . he walk down the long aisle to the chapel door , open it . int . dilapidated vestibule - moment later qohen approach a great oak door . he hesitates as he touch the doorknob , brace himself , then open it ... -..to a blast of light and STREET noise . ext . inner -city STREET - morning qohen exit . colorful graffiti mar word etched in stone above the door : " the brotherhood of the ineffable name " . he hurry past cage storefront , eye downcast . near he bus stop , qohen see a girl , 10 , sit on the curb beside a topple bicycle . she hold a skinned knee , crying . qohen hesitates , look around . no one else be there to help . he approach the girl cautiously . qohen we hate to impose ourselves , but ... may we assist you in any way ? the girl cover she face with she hand , still crying . qohen stare at she helplessly , then move to she bike . a bent fender scrape the front wheel when he test it . he try to pry the fender back into shape . the girl drop she hand from she face . girl leave my bike alone ! leave it alone ! a siren sound close by , and a helmete motorcycle cop skid up to the curb , engine roaring . he turn off the siren , dismount , slowly approach qohen and the girl . motorcycle cop please step back from the child , sir . qohen we be simply attempt to -- motorcycle cop put down the bike and step back . qohen gently lay down the bicycle . his bus pass , and he hasten to he stop . the bus door open . qohen look at the motorcycle cop comforting the cry girl . his face tighten . int . CITY bus - moment later qohen sit alone in the rear seat . the bus jump and jostle . qohen shut he eye , hand fold as if in prayer . traffic noise blare in a crescendo of anxiety . int . qohen' work cubicle - afternoon neat and orderly . no sign of personal belonging . one poster adorn the wall : a man 's torso in a sharply - tailore taupe suit . bold letter proclaim : " management " . smaller script read : " everything 's under Control . " a video camera ( label mancam ) record qohen 's every move . except qohen do not move . he simply sit stare at he computer monitor , trancelike . the image on the monitor show qohen from behind , stare at a image of himself on he monitor stare at a image of himself ... ad infinitum . his phone ring . qohen slowly come back to reality as the phone continue ringing . finally , he pick up the receiver . a female computerize voice speak . computerize voice ( v.o. ) hello -- qohen leth -- corporate Health maintenance have approve review of you disability request for today at 14:40 . please be prompt . qohen we be nothing if not prompt . qohen hang up , glance at he watch . he touch he keyboard : the image of himself shrink to the screen 's upper corner , replace by a column of flash sign , cryptic symbol , formulae and numeral . qohen frown and with some effort begin type . mr . joby , 20 , appear in the cubicle 's doorway , scratch a elusive itch inside he ill-fitting suit coat . he be a soft , manic-look man with shaggy hair and beard . joby how 's it hang , quinn ? qohen ( without look up ) it 's qohen , Mr. Joby , and , as we have tell you before , it be not hang at all well . we be die . joby again ? better see the medic about that . qohen we have a appointment this afternoon . joby not this afternoon , quinn . qohen you approve it . joby cancel it . you get that transfinite quantum paradox Project due today . qohen we attach it to you yesterday . joby good work . but you still have that whatchacallit Project due next week . qohen the neural synaptic intervention Project . also finish . ( more ) qohen ( cont 'd ) tautologics division be run the standard redundddancy . joby whoa ! you do all that this morning ? qohen we do it all at home last night . as we have tell you repeatedly , we find we work environment ... distress . the people , the lighting , the noise , the interruption , the ... the people ... ( take a deep breath ) consider we at-home output , we can not begin to imagine why you insist on we come here each day . Joby remove he suit coat and reach over he shoulder to pursue a particularly shy itch . joby that 's a management decision , quinn . qohen qohen . q-- no u--o-h-e-n. joby out of my hand . qohen perhaps we should talk to management . Joby stifles a guffaw , then casually drape he suit over the mancam . joby ( voice lower ) nobody talk to management , quinn . no way , no how , nuh - uh , nyetskis . take my advice . knock off the bitching and moan . it 's not all that bad here . qohen it 's worse than you can imagine , Mr. Joby , but we could suffer the wear and tear on we nerve if only we be not afraid of miss we call . joby you call ... qohen yes , we call . we have mention it a number of time . joby .»-. ai not ringing a bell . coat qohen we be expect a certain phone call , a call we have be wait for all we life , a call that will give we life purpose and meaning , and each minute we spend here , we fear we may be miss it . joby oh. right . that call . um ... how about let you machine take it ? or get call forward . I guess I could bend the rule on personal call in you case . qohen we have to be home to receive it . Joby shake he head , stump . he move behind qohen and massage he shoulder . joby I feel for you , quinn , but there 's nothing I can do . qohen ( stiffening ) we prefer not to be touch . Joby stop , step back . qohen ( cont 'd ) we have be extremely patient , Mr. Joby , but we be afraid we must now issue a ultimatum . either you let we work at home , or we will be force to resign . joby you can not quit , quinn ! you be the best cruncher I get ! qohen turn back to he computer and resume type . qohen if we meeting with Health maintenance be successful , the issue will be settle . if not , you leave we no choice . joby you be kill I ! be reasonable ! qohen ignore he . Joby grab he coat and turn to leave , frustrated . joby ( cont 'd ) I will see what I can do , quinn . int . health maintenance board - day Three doctor sit at one end of a long table , grayish light from a overcast day sifting through the window behind they . at the head sit doctor # 1 , a prim woman in a drab business suit . she polish she bifocal with a tissue . to she right sit doctor # 2 , a middle - age man in hospital scrub that reveal a nicoderm patch on he upper arm . he chew a wad of nicorette gum while peruse qohen 's file . doctor # 3 slouches to Doctor # 1's leave . a handsome young man in a white lab coat , stethoscope drape around he neck , he gaze out the window with the soulful look of a bored poet . qohen sit stone - face at the far end of the table . Doctor # 1 put on she glass to appraise he . doctor # 1 and this be ...? Doctor # 2 nervously click he pen , chomping on he gum . doctor # 2 qohen leth , ontological Research division , request disability leave . qohen or reassignment to work at home . doctor # 1 that 's a management decision , Mr. leth . we only deal with health issue here . what seem to be the problem ? qohen we be die . doctor # 3 who 's " we " ? qohen us. ourselves . doctor # 3 but there 's only the one of you . qohen so it would appear . Doctor # 3 sniff , return to gaze out the window . doctor # 2 ( consulting file ) subject 's have five physical in the last year . he 's healthy as a horse . Doctor # 1 take the file from he , scan it . doctor # 1 what make you think you be die ? qohen we can feel it . deep inside we ... doctor # 2 heart 's strong as a ox . ( a frustrated puff on pen ) BP and cholesterol I could only dream of . qohen we hair have fall out . doctor # 3 idiopathic . doctor # 2 perfectly harmless . the test do not lie . qohen then the test be merely mistaken . doctor # 1 accord to you file , you be the most productive number cruncher in you -- qohen entity cruncher . we data be much more complex than mere number . doctor # 1 dying people be rarely so productive . qohen nevertheless , we be die . doctor # 2 no you be not . qohen yes we be . doctor # 2 no you be not ! qohen yes we be . 10 . Doctor # 2 grab the nicorette pack , savagely rip loose a piece of gum and shove it in he mouth . Doctor # 3 , supremely bored now , use he stethoscope to listen to he own heartbeat . qohen ( cont 'd ) perhaps we should get another opinion . doctor # 3 oh , let I do this one ! please ? Doctor # 1 nod . Doctor # 3 sit up , clear he throat . doctor # 3 ( cont 'd ) from the moment we be bear , we all begin to die . sooner or later , beggar or king , death come to all . doctor # 1 that will do , Doctor . doctor # 3 but it 's true . doctor # 2 where would you get you degree ? doctor # 1 disability request deny . it 's back to work for you , Mr. leth . qohen rise to leave , defeat . Doctor # 1 take off she glass , study he . doctor # 1 ( cont 'd ) this board must also recommend that you seek psychiatric evaluation . Doctor # 2 wave a cd-rom . doctor # 2 I see this come a mile away . qohen we have see psychiatrist in the past . it 's prove to be a waste of we time . we must stay home to wait for we call . doctor # 2 you will have time for this one . he slide the CD - rom down the table . qohen pick it up . the cover read : dr . shrink -rom : interactive psychiatrist . doctor # 2 ( cont 'd ) she make house call . 11 . int . qohen' work cubicle - later Joby stand in qohen 's doorway , arm fold . joby do not figure the medic would help , but Joby 's here . I can get management to see you . he will be at my party tonight . qohen Party ? joby ( sheepishly ) guess you miss you invitation . Whole office be come , include management himself . just show up . I will take care of the rest . qohen we be afraid we can not . joby what , gotta stay home and shampoo ? Joby playfully muss qohen 's hairless head but , see he frigid expression , quickly stop . qohen we fear party ... we especially fear live room at party ... we never know quite ... where to stand . Joby stare , then suddenly laugh , slapping he on the back . joby you kill I , quinn . see you tonight . Joby leave . qohen take a deep breath to calm himself . qohen it 's qohen . int . joby's live room - night qohen uncomfortably plod he way through a room crowded with CO - worker . he be lose amid the laughter and conversation . he pass a couple of co- worker who eye he derisively . co- worker # 1 who 's the geeky goth ? CO - worker # 2 cube zombie . some kind of Einstein . 12 . qohen bump into bainsley , 20 , wear a loudly - pattern dress she buxom figure seem to be burst out of . qohen step to he right just as bainsley step to she leave . she step to she leave just as qohen shift to he right . bainsley giggle , still block he way . bainsley I love the look . fifty -first century human , the final evolutionary product . maximum brain , minimalist body . qohen stare at she , then clumsily make he way past she . qohen find Joby , obviously tipsy , laugh with a crowd . joby Party boy ! you make it ! qohen be management here ? the group look at qohen strangely . Joby laugh uncomfortably , take qohen 's arm , and move he away . joby ( whisper ) you wanna start a rumor riot ? qohen where be management ? joby probably on he way . soon as I spot he , I will let you know . meantime ... Joby slap qohen on the back . qohen flinch . joby ( cont 'd ) ( loudly ) lighten up , have a little fun for a change . mingle , quinn , mingle ! qohen it 's qohen . joby of course it be . Joby give qohen a push on he way . as qohen look for a place to retreat from the party crush , noise fade . he enter a quiet corner of the room . 13 . dimly -lit corner two wing - back chair flank a table with a read lamp . in the furthest chair sit management , dress in the same taupe suit feature in the poster in qohen 's office , a suit that , chameleon - like , match the color of the chair . he blend in so well that , at first , qohen do not even see he . but when he do , qohen stop , take a step back . management hold a book at eye level . with he other hand , he balance a teacup and saucer on he knee . apparently engross in he read , management lift the teacup , take a delicate sip , and return the cup carefully to its saucer . qohen quietly turn to leave . management I take it you be not happy , Mr. leth . qohen hesitates , startle . qohen do we ... know you ? still not look at qohen , management turn a page . management I know you , Mr. leth . sit. qohen grimace in the direction of the party , then nervously perches on the edge of the empty chair . management sip from he teacup , eye rivete on the page . management ( cont 'd ) what seem to be the problem ? qohen we ... we simply want to go home . qohen notice management 's bland disinterest . qohen ( cont 'd ) we could easily double we output there . management turn another page . qohen drum he finger on he knee . qohen ( cont 'd ) we chief concern be that we might miss we call ... you see , we have be wait for a certain call all we life now ... 14 . management stop read , slowly look up from he book . qohen ( cont 'd ) .+- and although the nature and origin of we call remain quintessentially a mystery to we , we can not help but hope it will provide we with a purpose we have long live without . management study qohen for a moment , then blink and return he attention to he book . management you be quite insane , Mr. leth . qohen stand , cow by management 's bland disinterest . qohen we be sorry to have disturb you . he turn and flee to the ... live room bainsley hover over a tray of hor d'oeuvre , stuff she face . she spy qohen make for the door . suddenly a drunken Joby snag qohen . joby quinn , you chrome - dome bastard ! where be you go ? have a drink ! eat ! qohen we see he . joby who ? qohen management . people nearby overhear and turn to stare quizzically . Joby make a show of laughing skeptically . joby better watch the cocktail , quinn ! ( pull he aside , whisper ) be you crazy ? management party incognito ! qohen this be not work , Mr. Joby . joby no shit ! you be blow he cover ! 15 . qohen we be afraid we must go now . joby wait . I will get you a meeting with he . Joby steer qohen to the buffet table . joby ( cont 'd ) you be not leave without eat , quinn ! qohen it 's qohen . we have apparently have we meeting . and we diet dictate against all food with perceptible flavor . joby eat . that 's a order . qohen survey the food tray grimly . he sigh , select a olive , and tuck it into he mouth , frown . joby ( cont 'd ) ( loudly ) plenty of eat ! Joby slap qohen on the back . qohen gulp , lodging the olive deep in he throat . joby ( cont 'd ) plenty more ! plenty for everybody ! Joby move off , drunkenly glad-hand other guest . qohen stumble away , struggle for breath . hallway away from the crowd , qohen fall against the wall , panic - stricken . he pound he chest , try to free the olive . he lurch to a open doorway . study as if by magic , management sit behind a mahogany desk read he book and sip he tea . his eye move from the book to qohen with a expression of mild amusement . management what be the meaning of life , Mr. leth ? qohen clutches he throat , eye bulg . 16 . management ( cont 'd ) so close to its end , and still no answer . management close he book . management ( cont 'd ) I have a special project for you that might prove to be mutually beneficial . the room blur . management ( cont 'd ) but there 's not much time , Mr. leth . not much time at all ... qohen 's knee buckle ... and then he be suddenly lift off he foot from behind and drag back into the ... hallway bainsley perform the heimlich maneuver on qohen . she lose she balance , stumble down the narrow corridor with he . she hang on fiercely , heaving he off he foot again and again . the olive shoot from he mouth , ricochet off the wall and roll to a stop by the baseboard . instantly a scruffy rodent appear , grab the olive and disappear back into the wall . bainsley release she hold . qohen gasp for breath . bainsley I think I smell trouble . the neckline of bainsley 's dress be tug low . she blithely plump she breast while rearranging she clothing . bainsley ( cont 'd ) everybody hate to make a scene , but the worst thing you can do be go off by yourself . embarrassment 's the number one cause of choke death . qohen stare into she eye , speechless . he suddenly beeline for the bathroom . close the door . lock it . bathroom qohen splashes water on he face . he stare at himself in the mirror . he reach to touch he reflection ... then stagger backward with a look of pain . he sit on the toilet seat , face bury in he hand . a loud knock at the door . qohen jump to he foot , startle . 17 . bainsley ( v.o. ) still alive in there ? qohen quickly dry he face and open the door . bainsley squeeze past he , hand he she wine glass . bainsley ( cont 'd ) hold this . she head for the toilet , hike she dress to the top of she thigh . qohen stare . bainsley smile ... bainsley ( cont 'd ) Care to join I ? qohen Excuse we ? bainsley ( winking ) Close the door ... I will not be long . hallway qohen close the door and stand uncomfortably , wine in hand . he sniff it distastefully , then ease to the study . study qohen scan the room , puzzle . management be go . hallway qohen stand obediently outside the bathroom door . the toilet flush . the faucet run . the door open . bainsley exit , smoothing she dress . she flash qohen a sexy smile , take the wine glass from he . bainsley so I save you life . no big deal ? qohen forgive we ambivalence . thank you . bainsley you owe I . I be bainsley . she take he hand in hers , look he up and down . bainsley ( cont 'd ) and you be ...? qohen qohen . q-- no U - - 18. bainsley you work with this people ? qohen in a manner of speak . bainsley what do you do ? qohen we crunch entity . bainsley you get a mouse in you pocket ? qohen Excuse we ? bainsley who 's " we " ? qohen us. ourselves . bainsley catchy . she tug at she dress as if uncomfortable with its fit . bainsley ( cont 'd ) you be stare at I . you think my dress be incredibly ugly . qohen we -- we really should be go -- bainsley it 's my daddy 's fault . he use to buy I this incredibly ugly clothes to keep the boy away . do not work . only make I want to get naked , and that 's no way to keep the boy away . so I never develop a fashion sense . be you on drug ? qohen no . bainsley have you try they ? qohen we have try many pharmaceutical , both therapeutic and recreational , but we have discover none with sufficient potency to treat we essential condition . she lean 19 . bainsley I hear you . you should try natural herb . I be happy with the herb . Way happy . they should put St. John 's wort in the drink water , like fluoride ... close and rest a elbow on he shoulder . bainsley ( cont 'd ) ... be you here alone ? qohen we be generally everywhere alone . bainsley the " we " thing : royal or plural ? qohen generic . she trail she fingernails over the skin of he scalp . bainsley Love it . you be the enigmatic workaholic technogeek . I be the mysterious party - girl . my place or yours ? qohen we would only disappoint you . bainsley best line I have hear all night . her lip move close to he . qohen pull back , flustered . qohen we can not imagine you interest in we . bainsley I save you life . that 's a turn -on . qohen we really must be leave . bainsley touch a finger to he lip . bainsley seriously . we could have some fun . she caress he chest , pull a feel - tip pen from he pocket , and scrawl she name and number on the palm of he hand . bainsley ( cont 'd ) call I . qohen stare at he hand . 20 . int . chapel - bathroom - night qohen scrub he hand in scalding water . he look at himself in the mirror . steam obscure he reflection . ext . beach - day gull screech . the surf crash and roar . Young qohen be bury in the sand up to he neck . his wife tamp the sand down , laughing , while he Son decorate the mound with seashell . qohen struggle gamely to free himself , grin with red- face delight . then he face go slack , and he stare straight out at he inevitable future with a mixture of fear and revulsion ... int . chapel - shrine - night qohen study the photo . he trace Young qohen 's smile with he finger , then turn the picture 's face to the wall . int . cubicle hallway - day Joby lead qohen past a maze of cubicle . sound of typing , conversation , phone ringing . qohen hasten to keep up . joby be careful what you wish for , quinn . qohen what 's this all about ? joby you be go home . management assign you to the Zero theorem Project . he 's be hand - pick talent to crunch it since before I be hire . so far , no luck . the clone be at you place right now set up you hardware . qohen clone ? joby Research and development techy . they already change the lock . not to worry . you will get a key . they reach a door label " mancom " . Joby unlock it . joby ( cont 'd ) I get my money on you , quinn . some big , bad entity to crunch , but I be sure you will be prove the theorem in no time . 21 . qohen what exactly will we be prove ? joby do not ask . it 's all very hush-hush ... Joby open the door , release a cold fog . int . mancom mainframe - continuous a cavernous room fill with blink bank of humming , ceiling - high computer . qohen can see he breath . joby .+. but just between you and I ... you solve zip-t , I bet management help you get you that call of yours . qohen stop -- surprised , hopeful . qohen he can do that ? but how ? Joby tug qohen 's sleeve , pull he forward . joby management work in mysterious way , quinn . as they walk down a aisle , a faint clicking grow louder . joby ( cont 'd ) this be mancom , biggest neural net computer in the world . learn just like a human , trial and error , but a hell of a lot faster . already the smartest thing on the planet ... and still learn ! they turn a corner . bob , 15 -- frail , anemic , baggy - eye -- sit at the control console rapidly clicking a mouse . he 's bundle in heavy jacket , hood sweatshirt , scarf and fingerless glove . a row of monitor flash dizzying image , a fast - change encyclopedic array of chart , picture , and geometric code . joby ( cont 'd ) work hard , Bob ? bob ( without look up ) hardly work , Bob . still teach this stupid motherfucker ... Excuse my french . 22 . joby do not mind I . I be just get quinn here start on zip-t . Bob pull off he hood to reveal a ratty pony tail . he give qohen a sideways glance . bob I give he two week . qohen to complete the project ? bob ( roll eye ) till you crash and burn , Bob . Joby pull qohen past Bob , turn another corner . qohen who be that ? joby that be Bob . qohen but he call you Bob . he call we Bob . joby Bob call everybody Bob . say it 's a waste of brain cell remember name . qohen ; be not he rather young to be work here ? joby kid could program before he could walk . they reach a row of file cabinet . Joby open a drawer , pull out a stack of CD - rom , pile they into qohen 's hand . joby ( cont 'd ) crunch this stuff for starter . upload asap . mancom will send you new download every day . miss a deadline , you be off the project . how 's that for pressure ? Joby give he more disk . overwhelm , qohen struggle to keep from drop they . Joby reach into the drawer again . joby ( cont 'd ) do not worry , quinn . you get what you want . everything 's under control . Joby hold up the last disk , stare through its hole . 23 . joby ( cont 'd ) you ever get the feel the whole universe be a big fat cosmic joke ... and maybe you be the punch line ...? you ever get that feel , quinn ? qohen it 's qohen . Joby tuck the final disk into qohen 's shirt pocket . joby uh-huh ... that 's what I figure . int . chapel , kitchen , bathroom , shrine - montage 1 . qohen work at he computer , feature several bulky new drive . geometric hieroglyphics scroll down the monitor . 2 . monitor show file download in progress . 3 . qohen order generic grocery from a website . 4 . qohen stand at he kitchen counter , eat a bland , joyless meal from a microwaveable container . 5 . qohen crunching entity . his new touch tone phone ring . he answer hopefully . he listen , hope dimming , then punch several button on the touch tone . 6 . monitor show file upload in progress . 7 . qohen at he bathroom mirror rub baggy eye . 8 . entity scrolling at breakneck speed on monitor , qohen 's finger fly on the keyboard , he expression grim . 9 . qohen lie awake in bed , tired eye restless . 10 . qohen at the shrine light a candle , gaze at the candle flame as the match burn down to he finger , unnotice . 11 . a frame photo of qohen 's wife and Son walk hand in hand through a field of wildflower . the photo come to life , and wife and Son look out , startle and sadden . 12 . qohen stare at the photo , eye moisten . he turn and walk out of the alcove to he computer , raise he eye to the crucifix . mounted where Jesus ' head should be , a mancam train its lens on he , the lens morph into ... 13 . the Black hole ... a phone ring ... fade . int . chapel - day qohen at he computer , the mancam train on he . 24 . qohen 's monitor : dr . shrink - rom , 5as , a interactive CD - rom therapist . warm and caring , she sit in a great leather chair , notebook in hand , pen poise . dr . shrink -rom you seem tense , qohen . perhaps you would like to start over . let 's return to the subject of you fear . qohen we fear ... ( deep breath ) nothing . dr . shrink -rom go on . qohen we be afraid we can not . dr . shrink -rom of course you can . let 's explore this contradiction . you say you fear nothing , but in previous session ... a notebook window pop up next to Dr. shrink -rom , show the bullete list she read from . dr . shrink -rom ( cont 'd ) ... you have report fear of death , fear of life , fear of open space , fear of close space , fear of people , fear of miss a certain phone call , fear of -- qohen move he cursor to close the notebook window . qohen we fear many thing , but ultimately we fear nothing more than anything . dr . shrink -rom noted . please go on . qohen in what manner , Doctor ? dr . shrink -rom be you try to be difficult ? qohen not at all ... it seem we be capable of be difficult without try . dr . shrink -rom perhaps you would like to start over . we have speak of you fear . would you care to discuss you joy ? 25 . qohen at present , we can think of very little that bring we joy . dr . shrink -rom ( gently ) you wife and son be a source of joy . be not they , qohen ? qohen 's eye cloud . dr . shrink -rom ( cont 'd ) why do not you ever talk about they ? qohen what good be joy when it do not last ? we have not feel joy in year . dr . shrink -rom tell I what you be feel , qohen . qohen we feel ... nothing . dr . shrink -rom you be a tough nut to crack , qohen ... and of course I do not mean " nut " in the pejorative sense ... perhaps you would like to start over . let 's return to -- the phone ring , interrupt . qohen look at it with a mixture of hope and despair . he pick it up . qohen hello ? computerize voice ( v.o. ) hello ... qohen leth ... you next installment of data be due for upload in one hour . if the target timetable be attainable , press one . if not -- qohen press 2 , interrupt the voice . computerize voice ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) please enter estimate number of minute need for target overrun . qohen hesitates , consider , then press 1 - 2 - 0 . computerize voice ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) a moment , please ... mancom will allow 70 minute . Goodbye ... qohen leth . qohen . that 's not enough time ! 26 . the line have go dead . qohen hang up . dr . shrink -rom perhaps you should get back to work . qohen what difference do it make ? we will never finish . mancom send new download before we have finish with the old one . we have never work with data like this . it refuse to stay crunch ! dr . shrink -rom deep breath , qohen , deep breath ... qohen stare up at the crucifix . mancam 's red light shine . qohen all we want be we call ... dr . shrink -rom yes ... you call ... let 's continue we discussion next session . I find you feeling fascinating and look forward -- qohen click on exit , and Dr. shrink -rom vanish . he type a command , and a menu bar read : zero theorem project . a stream of sign and symbol scroll . with a pain expression he go to work . int . chapel - night qohen at he computer , feverishly type . a STORM rage outside , and he drive eye be light by lightning flash . he stop type , freezing the scrolling sign and symbol . qohen this can not be right ... qohen type a command , and the entity begin scrolling in reverse . he slow the stream of symbol , stop . qohen ( cont 'd ) nothing add up ... he resume he type , the symbol scrolling faster and faster as he work himself into a frenzied pace . suddenly , lightning flash and the phone ring . with a cry of pain , qohen snatch up the receiver . 27 . qohen ( cont 'd ) hello ! hello ! computerize voice ( v.o. ) qohen leth ... data be overdue for upload . please enter estimate number of minute need for target overrun . qohen savagely punch number . computerize voice ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) that time frame be not authorize ... please enter estimate number ... qohen drop the phone . the message repeat itself . symbol scroll in a dizzying blur . qohen stare at the monitor in despair ... then he eye narrow in anger ... he open a file drawer , rummages through it wildly , and pull out a ball - peen hammer . he look at it , eye full of doubt . he hesitates a moment , then -- decide -- lift it high . Dr. shrink-rom suddenly pop up on the monitor . dr . shrink -rom deep breath , qohen . perhaps a mild sedative be in order . I can arrange -- qohen smashes the monitor , short out Dr. shrink-rom . the storm loose a lightning bolt . qohen turn the hammer to the phone . smash ! qohen look around wildly . his gaze move to the shrine and linger a moment . he lift he eye to the crucifix mancam . he raise the hammer . a look of despair cross he face . all be quiet ... except the distant rumble of thunder and the soft patter of rain on the roof . the storm have pass . qohen let the hammer drop to the floor . int . chapel - day qohen lie on he bed , he expression blank . the intercom buzy repeatedly . qohen slowly rise , walk to the door , and press the intercom . ves ? qohen es ? 28 . man' voice ( v.o. ) phoneman . management say you get a problem . let I in , buddy . qohen buzze the street door open . moment later qohen open he door to a white jump -suite Joby , who wheel in a hefty duffel bag and throw a arm around qohen . joby quinn ! Long time no hug ! qohen go rigid , awkwardly back away . joby ( cont 'd ) still die , I see . qohen what be you do here ? joby field work . I love it . get I out of the office and into a snappy uniform . qohen follow Joby to the work station . chuckling , Joby genuflect before the crucifix . he rise , look around . joby ( cont 'd ) you could use a woman 's touch , quinn . qohen close he eye , jaw clench . joby ( cont 'd ) mancom can not reach you . what 's up ? qohen at present , we be have difficulty maintain we upload schedule . we entity be act strangely ... Joby poke at the break monitor , eyebrow raise . joby personnel meltdown . see plenty of it . I , I would yank you and go to the bullpen . Joby glance at the shattered phone , then pick up the ball - peen hammer from the floor , shake he head . joby ( cont 'd ) but management 's give you another chance . do not ask I why . qohen take the hammer from he , put it in a file drawer . 29 . Joby shrug , pull a new phone from he duffel bag . joby ( cont 'd ) it 's all about connection , quinn . wire and wireless weaving a world wide web . can not do anything if you be disconnect . he plug in the phone , then pull a new monitor from he duffel bag . he wipe imaginary sweat from he brow . joby ( cont 'd ) whoa . manual labor make I parched . get a spare beer for a work man ? qohen we have tap water . joby yum . int . kitchen - later Joby guzzle a tepid glass of water , burp . joby I have miss you , quinn . a supervisor do not make many friend , you know . qohen you consider we a friend ? joby sure do . ( conspiratorially ) so tell I , what 's the real problem ? qohen the Zero theorem be unprovable . we be die . we have not receive we call . joby ( nodd ) you do not trust management . qohen nothing add up . joby or maybe everything add up to nothing . qohen what do you mean ? Joby slap qohen on the back , make he jump . joby poor bastard . all stress out ... I know someone in the decompression business who might be able to help . might even help you get that call of yours ... who know ? let I see what I can do , quinn . qohen it 's qohen . q-- no u--o-h -- joby no need to spell it out . Joby 's here . the black hole Light swirl violently around the inky blackness . int . chapel - night qohen sit up in bed , struggle to orient himself . computer 's glow illuminate he face . he tilt he there be a distant buzz ... int . chapel - door - day qohen press the intercom . qohen yes ? woman' voice ( v.o. ) troubleshooter . buzz I in , babe . moment later 30 . the head . qohen open the door , revealing bainsley . dress all in white with plunging neckline and short skirt , she look like a nurse outfit by Frederick 's of Hollywood . bainsley surprise . qohen «+. you ... you be ... bainsley ...? bainsley you never call . I wait forever ! qohen she step in , inspect qohen closely . bainsley you look awful , poor thing . Joby 's right . you need I . qohen Mr. Joby send you ...? bainsley Joby do not send I anywhere . ( pause , look around ) we be just neighbor . she walk up the aisle in wonder . qohen follow . bainsley ( cont 'd ) I can not believe you live in a church . how otherworldly . I feel so ... holy ! qohen it 's a chapel , actually . bainsley turn to he , grasp he arm . bainsley ( sing off - key ) go- to the chap -el of loooove ... she march he up the aisle , clutching he arm . qohen ( flustered ) we prefer not to be touch . bainsley make no move to turn he loose . bainsley the rent must be outrageous . qohen actually , we own the building . we buy it from a insurance company . there would be extensive ... fire damage ... qohen glance toward the shrine , troubled . qohen ( cont 'd ) the previous occupant be a order of gnostic monk who would swear vow of poverty , chastity , and silence ... apparently ... no one break he vow to yell , " Fire " . bainsley Holy fry friar ! they reach the work station , but bainsley pull qohen to the bed . she place a hand on he chest and push he backward . 32 . qohen plop on the mattress . smiling coyly , bainsley lean over he , fingernails graze he bald head . bainsley ( cont 'd ) you have the most intrigue bone structure , so polished , so pure ... qohen open he mouth to speak , but bainsley put a finger to he lip . she spin around and stride to the computer . bainsley ( cont 'd ) mighty big hard drive you get here ... she sit in front of the computer , begin type . qohen Mr. Joby seem to think you might help we get we call . bainsley yeah , he mention the call thing ... ( without look ) you be stare at I . qohen we be terribly sorry . bainsley squint at the screen , type rapidly . bainsley this be the goopiest software I have ever see . but you hardware 's dreamy . I can definitely work with you hardware . qohen we problem be not with we computer . bainsley suddenly squeal , swiveling away from the computer . she suck on she middle finger , teary - eye . bainsley I just break a nail on you big , fat , stupid keyboard ! qohen jump up and go to she . qohen we will get we first aid kit . bainsley ( pout ) could you please just kiss it ? qohen Excuse we ? 33 . bainsley whenever I hurt myself , my daddy would kiss it and make it all better . qohen stand wring he hand . qohen we fail to see how -- bainsley please ...? qohen hesitates , then bend to place a hasty kiss on the tip of she outstretch finger . bainsley ( cont 'd ) you call that a kiss ? bainsley take he hand , slowly suck he middle finger into she mouth . her lip slide down and up , linger on the fingertip in a soft kiss . her eye dance with mischief . bainsley ( cont 'd ) there ... all better ...? puzzle , paralyze , pitiful , qohen stare into she eye . Dr. shrink-rom pop onto the computer . dr . shrink -rom I realize I be not authorize to present a opinion , but I could not help notice this woman 's attempt to project issue of paternal abandonment onto you . give the age difference between the two of you , as you psychiatrist , I must warn you -- bainsley grab the mouse , click on exit . Dr. shrink -rom vanish . bainsley nosy bitch . my daddy do not abandon I . he die . qohen open he mouth as if to speak ... bainsley touch he cheek . qohen stare into she eye a moment ... then draw away , break the spell . he turn he back to she . bainsley rise , wander toward the shrine , gaze about . bainsley ( cont 'd ) I can help you , qohen ... but you be go to be a challenge ... 34 . she reach for one of the picture , go to flip it forward . bainsley ( cont 'd ) who 's you interior decorator ? qohen snap to attention , rush toward she . qohen do not ! do not touch that ! qohen pull she away . the picture fall face - down on the floor , glass cracking . qohen quickly pick it up , carefully re-hang it , face to the wall . he breathes heavily . bainsley I prefer not to be manhandle . regain control , qohen turn to she . qohen we do not mean to hurt you . bainsley rub she arm . bainsley in case you get the wrong idea , I should tell you I do not do sexual intercourse any more . I do not care if a guy wrap himself up like a latex mummy , nothing 's go inside I . Way too dangerous . she shrug it off , smile slowly . bainsley ( cont 'd ) I be into bioteletantric interface now . it 's smart and safe and -- oh my God ! -- it feel so super-tingly ! she spin away on a spike heel , short dress flaring . bainsley ( cont 'd ) get anything to eat around here ? I be starve my butt off . int . kitchen - later bainsley perches prettily on the counter , foot dangle , devour a microwave meal . qohen lean against the sink , watch she . she lick she finger , mouth full . bainsley how can you stand this stuff ? qohen we have grow accustom to it . she stop chew , swallow . 35 . bainsley you be stare at I again . qohen ( look away ) forgive we . bainsley you be forgiven already . qohen in we experience , forgiveness do not come so easily . bainsley what kind of guilt trip be you on ? qohen do not answer . bainsley ( cont 'd ) here you be , lock up all alone ... wait ... for what ? a phone call ? what 's that all about ? qohen we prefer not to speak of it . we past be ... painful ... bainsley hop down from the counter . bainsley who 's be not ? she touch he arm . qohen flinch . she stroke he tense neck , qohen visibly uncomfortable . bainsley ( cont 'd ) I be here to help , qohen . trust I . confession 's good for the soul . qohen assume we have a soul ... bainsley everybody have a soul . qohen that remain to be prove . bainsley draw away , study he . bainsley so I save you life for nothing ...? qohen wilt with guilt . 36 . bainsley ( cont 'd ) come on , qohen . how can I help if you will not tell I anything ? qohen meet she eye then look away . he take a deep breath . qohen we ... we can not tell you . bainsley why not ? qohen look away , embarrassed . qohen you be stare at we ... moment later bainsley poke through cupboard and drawer , try she best not to look at qohen . qohen stand in the middle of the kitchen , eye close , hand clasped nervously . his voice be low , on the edge of break . qohen we suffer ... a great loss ... and we struggle for a long time to understand the reason for it ... the reason we be choose , if choose we be , to go on live with this misfortune ... we come to this place ... it seem to suit we ... we stop eat . we dull we pain with drink and drug . we lose all hope ... we come to this place to die ... qohen 's face glow with a torture fervor . bainsley glance at he . her eye fill with tear . qohen ( cont 'd ) one night a storm strike . we lose power . we light candle . and in the flicker shadow , we decide to end we life . we ingest every drug we could find ... bainsley stand at the sink , turn the water on and off . qohen ( cont 'd ) then the phone ring ... we answer ... a voice say , " qohen leth , " and suddenly we feel a flash of light ... we feel ... a current of pure energy connect we to something ... something great ... ( more ) qohen ( cont 'd ) we suddenly know clearly that we only have to answer , say " yes , " and the voice would reveal the purpose behind we loss ... would give we a reason to go on ... bainsley turn from the sink . bainsley .-- and then ...? qohen open he eye . his gaze be bland , lifeless . qohen we awoke in a hospital emergency room . bainsley and you have be wait for a callback ever since ? qohen nod . bainsley ( cont 'd ) what kind of drug do you take ? qohen you think we be insane . bainsley it could have be somebody sell time share ... I mean ... life go on , qohen . qohen so it would appear . the question be ... to what end ...? and we doubt you can help we in provide a answer . bainsley go to he . she worry the button on he shirt , head lower . she raise she eye . bainsley I can try ... let I try . gently , qohen pull she hand from he shirt . qohen we tell you . we prefer not to be touch . bainsley bite she lip . bainsley I can get around that ... int . chapel - later lying scattered about the work station : open box , computer part , accessory and cable . 38 . bainsley model a virtual reality suit , a tight , translucent , shimmer red sheath that cover she from head to toe . she pirouettes seductively , show all she curve . sequin - like transistor sparkle all over . a braid of wire hang from she hood down she back , end in a computer jack . bainsley this thing be year ahead of the competition . it work on all the nerve ending , of course , plus it 's synched directly to the brain 's synapse . she pull off the hood , shaking she hair free . bainsley ( cont 'd ) what do you think ? Joby say it 's base on one of you project . qohen sit stiffly on he bed , stare doubtfully . qohen we never imagine we project actually have any purpose . bainsley do not put it on you resume yet . top secret . I be the cyberspace test pilot . she pull a identical and incredibly tiny - look suit from a box , drape it across qohen 's lap . bainsley ( cont 'd ) for you . qohen we be suppose to wear this ? bainsley one size fit all . she stroke he head . bainsley ( cont 'd ) I can help you , qohen . trust I . she turn , suddenly efficient , and march for the door . bainsley ( cont 'd ) I bookmark my website for you . just put on the suit , plug in , and click on I at midnight . qohen you be go out dress like that ? 39 . bainsley they can look but they can not touch . ( blow he a kiss ) oh ! I can not wait ! do not be late ! int . bathroom - night qohen stand before the mirror , wear the virtual reality suit . he tug uncomfortably at the crotch . qohen ( mutter ) one size do not fit all . int . chapel - later suited up , with braid of wire connect to he computer , qohen sit before he monitor . bainsley 's website feature a picture of lingerie-clad bainsley and the word " enter I ! " qohen move he cursor to " enter " . dr . shrink - rom pop up on the screen , she face troubled . dr . shrink -rom do not , qohen . qohen do not what ? dr . shrink -rom do not use this girl . qohen we have no intention of -- dr . shrink -rom ( interrupt ) you have build a wall around yourself . be she prepare for what she will find inside ? qohen slowly remove he hood . dr . shrink -rom ( cont 'd ) she 's a emotionally damage girl . you be emotionally bereft . listen , qohen ... qohen this interruption be unacceptable . we insist you run a scan on you program . Dr. shrink -rom frown , nod slowly . her movement run in reverse for a moment -- reset -- then snap back to normal . dr . shrink -rom so sorry . the glitch be fix . do not mind I . carry on , qohen. 40 . Dr. shrink-rom disappear . qohen stare , perplex . bainsley 's sexy image await . qohen hesitates , then pull down the hood , click on " enter " . ext . tropical island - beach - sunset sway palm tree reach for a deep blue sky above . wearing swim trunk , qohen lie on a blanket spread over the sand . he gaze skyward , put a hand to he head to discover ... a full head of hair ! bainsley like it ? bainsley kneel beside he , wear a skimpy bikini . they lie on a beach , ocean before they , lush jungle behind they . the sun set , the horizon awash with color . bainsley pull food from a picnic basket -- stone crab , chill asparagus spear , a loaf of bread -- arrange it on the blanket . Champagne chill in a bucket beside she . bainsley ( cont 'd ) I make it just for you -- the hair . something special for a special guy . qohen run he hand through he hair , eye distant . qohen we be not sure it 's quite ... we . bainsley do not be silly . bainsley hand the bottle of champagne to qohen . qohen actually , we do not drink any longer . bainsley you can do anything you want here . you can drink and never get drunk . you can eat and never get full . she pick up a crab claw , produce a ball - peen hammer ... qohen flinch as she smashes the claw open . she pull a huge chunk of crab from the shell , take a savage , giggle bite , bring the morsel to qohen 's mouth . qohen recoil , but bainsley insist , press it to he lip . 4l . he take a tentative nibble and , despite himself ... shiver with pleasure . he grab the rest and fill he mouth . bainsley ( cont 'd ) good ? qohen look at she , swallow , regains he reserve . qohen where be this place ? bainsley all in you mind ... from my mind . my father use to clip picture from travel magazine and put they on the fridge . when he save up , we be go to take a vacation to some exotic tropical island . a fleeting look of sadness cross bainsley 's face , but she giggle suddenly , and it be go . she take qohen 's hand , kiss he fingertip . bainsley ( cont 'd ) do you feel this , qohen ? qohen melt for a moment , then freeze up . qohen it 's not real . bainsley sit back . bainsley it 's better than real . you be in you computer . I be in mine . we be connect by memory chip and fiber optic . we be safe here , qohen . this be my place . qohen but what about we call ? bainsley put a finger to he lip . bainsley you worry too much . she take a asparagus spear , nibble its tip , eye dance . bainsley ( cont 'd ) trust I , qohen . qohen look at she in wonder . she grab the champagne and thrust it in he hand . 42. bainsley ( cont 'd ) let 's get this party start ! qohen hold the bottle awkwardly . bainsley guide he hand , kiss he lightly on the lip . bainsley ( cont 'd ) pop you cork , boyfriend . qohen look into she eye , then , struggle , pop the cork . foam bubbles out of the bottle . bainsley lunge over he to lap at it . she grab the bottle and pour into he upturn mouth . bainsley laughing and qohen sputter , they roll and wrestle in the sand , champagne pour all over they ... montage - jungle , beach 1 . qohen and bainsley walk a jungle path . bainsley pluck a flower , put it behind qohen 's ear . he touch she hand . 2 . bainsley climb a tree , beckone qohen to follow . he shake he head . she shower he with handfuls of leave , then give a tarzan yell and swing down on a vine , collide with qohen and knock they both tumble , laughing . 3 . qohen and bainsley sit at the shore , watch the sunset . bainsley stand , stretch , wade into the surf . she turn , motion for qohen to join she . he shake he head . she fold she arm sternly . he shake he head again . she splashes he . qohen stand drip , then , whooping , dive in , surfacing before she and lock she in a embrace . end montage -- stay in scene they gaze into each other 's eye . she kiss he . he kiss she back . bainsley take a breath . bainsley whoa . who know ? qohen hold she , eye troubled . bainsley kiss he again , the passion building . self - consciously , qohen break away , wade out of the water . bainsley follow he with she eye , sighing . ext . tropical island - beach - later qohen and bainsley , wrap in a blanket before a campfire . she bite into a tropical fruit . he stare out to sea . 43 . the sun be still set into the ocean . qohen should not the sun have set by now ? bainsley I like to keep it this way . bainsley put the fruit to qohen 's lip . he take a bite , chew slowly . tear well up in he eye . bainsley ( cont 'd ) what 's the matter ? qohen we do not deserve this . bainsley do not deny yourself , qohen . she grab he arm excitedly . bainsley ( cont 'd ) hey ! want to have some fun ? take we someplace else . a place all you own . just imagine it . the virtual program will do the rest . qohen we be not at all certain -- bainsley oh , you . you be never certain . come on , take a chance . I be give you the control , qohen . relax , close you eye . reluctantly , qohen recline , close he eye . bainsley ( cont 'd ) now take we someplace special . picture it in you mind . qohen 's face tense with effort . bainsley lean over he , stroke he forehead . bainsley ( cont 'd ) easy , qohen . do not strain you brain ... just imagine ... qohen grit he tooth , he expression turn torture . CUT to : 44 , space bald , naked , and curl tightly in the fetal position , qohen float amid a backdrop of brilliant star . his eye open wide , stare , as he fight the dread inside he . bainsley wow ! what a imagination ! bainsley , also naked , slowly orbit around qohen , revelling in the freedom of zero gravity . bainsley ( cont 'd ) and what a dirty mind ! where 's my bikini , Mr. leth ? oblivious , qohen continue to stare past she . bainsley float closer , face he . bainsley ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong ? she reach for he , draw he rigid body close , then turn she head to follow he gaze . the black hole a maelstrom of blaze interstellar dust and matter spiral into its black depth , carry bainsley and qohen with it . bainsley freak . she hug qohen tight , and now they be tumble end over end . bainsley ( cont 'd ) Jesus , qohen , stop it ! make it stop ! with great effort , qohen tear he gaze from the spin , fiery black hole and shut he eye tight . int . house in flame - flashback qohen 's eye snap open to a room engulf by flame . qohen cough , gasp , smoke so thick he can barely see . from far away , he wife 's plaintive voice ... wife ( 0.s. ) qohen ! qohen ! -.. then he son' ... son ( 0.s. ) daddy ! 45 . Burning beam fall all around he . bainsley ( v.o. ) qohen ! qohen ! qohen stumble through the smoke and fire , crash through a window ... wife ( 0.s. ) qohen ! CUT to : int . chapel - day qohen land with a whiplash effect , seat before he computer . tremble , he slowly remove he hood . computer monitor : error message flash . symbol speed to a humming blur . suddenly -- pop -- the screen go black qohen stare at he reflection in the screen , he face in shell - shocked torment . he slowly reach for the screen . as he finger near , a static spark crackle . he jerk he hand back , he face turn blank as a zombie 's . dissolve to : int . chapel - the disfigure crucifix - later qohen lie in bed , stare up at the crucifix . intercom buzy . qohen continue stare . intercom buzy . qohen blink . intercom buzy and buzy . qohen rise , make he way to the door , press the button . qohen who be it ? bob ( v.o. ) bob. buzz I in . qohen Bob who ? bob ( v.o. ) Bob who have to take a wick pee . buzz I in , scotty . qohen we name be not scotty . 46 . bob ( v.o. ) I know that , Bob . qohen we name be not Bob . bob ( v.o. ) like I give a shit . come on , I be do the tinkle dance out here . qohen frown . qohen we be afraid we home be not a rest stop . there 's a convenience store a block east . qohen turn away from the intercom , return to he bed . bob ( v.o. ) they look at you funny unless you buy something . buzz I in , Bob , I be start to dribble ! the intercom buzy several more time then fall silent . the sound of running footstep from the vestibule . qohen rise from bed just as the deadbolt turn and the door open . two acne-scarred young man , slim clone and chub clone , stand in the doorway , dress in white short - sleeve shirt with bulg pocket protector , sloppy tie , thick glass . High - belt trousers show white sock in black wingtip . Hair slicked to the side , frazzle strand stick up in back . one be fat and the other skinny , but they could be twin . they enter , flank the doorway , look around suspiciously . suddenly Bob race in . he 's dress in sneaker , untucked T - shirt and long , baggy short with huge cargo pocket . headphone hang around he neck . he rush up the aisle toward qohen , face twisted in agony . bob ( cont 'd ) where 's you bathroom ?! qohen stand gape . bob ( cont 'd ) bathroom-bathroom-bathroom ! Bob charge through the door to the kitchen . he whimper . he reappear in the doorway , face desperate . qohen slowly point the direction . Bob race into the bathroom : the hiss of piss on porcelain . 47 . qohen look at the clone , bewilder . they walk down the aisle side by side toward he . Bob exit the bathroom , wiping he brow dramatically . bob ( cont 'd ) think I do some renal damage , hold it that long . slim get stick in traffic . slim chub drive , bob. chub fast as I could . bob can not tell you clone apart anyway . qohen what ... what be you do here ? Bob ignore he , sit at the computer station . bob ( melodramatically ) Black screen of death ! he raise he hand , finger spread , and carefully place they on the console , as if perform a vulcan mind meld . qohen we ask you a perfectly simple -- bob shhh ! how be I suppose to do my job when you keep talk ? qohen what job ? what 's go on ? Bob return he attention to the screen . slim approach qohen with a clipboard and pen . slim sign here . qohen for what ? slim receipt of delivery . qohen what delivery ? 48 . chub management 's son . assign to help you . slim sign here . overwhelm , qohen sign . chub we will pick he up in exactly four hour . slim do not lose he . they turn in unison and walk down the aisle and out the door . Bob rise from he seat at the work station . bob I would not mess with the clone , Bob . they look harmless , but they be the toughest geek in Research and development . they would just as soon vaporize you as look at you . he unpack computer component from he deep pocket . bob ( cont 'd ) but you be a pretty scary look guy yourself . promise you will not hurt I . qohen of course we will not hurt you . bob not even my feeling , bob. promise . qohen will you please stop call we Bob ? bob what do you want I to call you ? qohen Mr. leth would suffice . bob Mr. leth ... leth ... Nah , too wormy . qohen qohen , then . q-- no u--o-h-e-n. bob you gotta buy another vowel , q. qohen q? 49 . bob q will do . q be you . happy now ? qohen 's irritation simmer . qohen how can you possibly help we ? Bob pull tool from he pocket and open up a hard drive . bob by get you off you ass and back to work . no more message from darth vader 's phone doll . ( mimick computerize voice ) " if the target timetable be attainable , yank you crank . if not , kiss my ass . " no more candy - ass upload schedule . Bob pull out a fry circuit board , replace it . bob ( cont 'd ) I will be you worst nightmare four hour a day , seven day a week , for the next four week . that 's all he can spare I . you solve Zip - T by then or you be fire . they 's the term from daddy dearest . he 's tired of fuck around . qohen 's face harden . qohen and if we do not agree to that term ? bob then I do not get you you call . qohen 's mouth drop open . qohen you ? you can get we we call ? Bob look away . bob how the hell do I know ? it 's my first day on the job . all I know be ... Bob fire up the computer . a hodgepodge of symbol flash and fizzle , along with error message . bob ( cont 'd ) «+. no Zippidy - T , no ring -a-d -dingy . Bob type rapidly , the screen change , re-configure suddenly he own image appear on the screen , as record by the mancam hang from the crucifix . 50 . bob ( cont 'd ) gotta disable this thing . how can you work with the old man gawk at you ? qohen we have nothing to hide . bob right . keep tell yourself that , q. Bob type a series of command . he stop , finger poise above the " enter " key . he grin up at mancam , wave . his image wave back on the monitor . bob ( cont 'd ) Bob 's on the job , dad ... he hit " enter " and he image disappear . mancam blink out . Bob begin type and click at superhuman speed . bob ( cont 'd ) now I gotta clean up you mess ... pop quiz , q. what 's better , crunching zip-t code or get ass - bang by a troop of rabid baboon ? be sure to phrase you answer in the form of a question . qohen blink . blink again . qohen we wish you would curb you liberal use of profane language . it 's ... unseemly . bob Excuse my freaking fortran . would not want to seem unseemly . later qohen lie in bed , stare at the ceiling . Bob push himself back from the computer , rub he eye . he cough , sniffle , sneeze . qohen be you come down with something ? bob usually . Bob wipe he nose on he sleeve , wheeze . bob ( cont 'd ) that 's it for today . I get you system work , but I still gotta retrieve all the zip-t shit from mancom . it 's gonna take a couple day at least . qohen we be use to wait . bob well , I be not . where be that bastard ? Bob sneeze again . he pull a asthma inhaler from pocket , take a quick blast . the deadbolt click , the door open , and the clone Bob whirl , eye fiery , and stride down the aisle . bob ( cont 'd ) you be late ! chub and slim check they watch . chub um. Bob . we be right on time . bob no excuse . do not let it happen again . ( to qohen ) I will be back . you better be here too . qohen where else would we possibly be ? bob and by the way . you gotta lose the " we " thing . too annoying . ask Doc shrink-rom if you do not believe I . vaya con fuck dios , q... excuse my spanglish . 51 . he enter . and with that Bob be out the door , the clone on he heel . int . chapel - night qohen at he computer in a session with Dr. shrink-rom . qohen ... and apparently management have assign he son to get we we call . we fear he 's much too young to be entrust with a responsibility of such paramount importance . we fear that he -- dr . shrink -rom do not be such a wuss , q. qohen be speechless with surprise . dr . shrink -rom ( cont 'd ) Bob 's a genius whiz - kid super-brain . and if you do not believe it ... 52 . Dr. shrink-rom stand . a rap beat play in the background . dr . shrink -rom ( cont 'd ) yo , look . shut up and listen . qohen stare at she , incredulous . dr . shrink -rom ( cont 'd ) we cannot , will not not help you , q , we wanna help you , be not it true , but we will not help you get you call , we will not help you , not at all , until you first shed verbal truss , first-person plural , qs-r - we ... we get a plan for you sure cure , that give you singular allure , but help from this computer whiz must come without the plural biz ... we do not like first-person plural ... int . chapel - morning Bob slouches at the computer , key in more code . bob you keep it up , I be gonna hurl . qohen lie in bed . qohen we -- can not seem to help ourselves . bob jeez , it 's like a audience with the queen here . how long you be talk this way ? qohen ever since ... qohen hesitates , glance toward the shrine . qohen ( cont 'd ) a former therapist suggest it as a temporary cope mechanism . bob that 's pitiful . you gotta give it up , q. qohen ( suddenly stern ) how do you tamper with Dr. shrink-rom ? Bob grin , still type . 53. bob she 's a tool . all you gotta do be push the right button . hey , order I a pizza , huh ? I miss breakfast , and this be gonna take awhile . qohen we have oatmeal , if you would care to -- bob -- vomit ? order the pie . double cheese . later intercom buzy . Bob open the door . a athletic , curvaceous pizza girl , 17 , enter wear a backwards baseball cap on she blonde , pony - tail head . pizza girl ( hand Bob the pizza ) Cash or charge ? Bob stare at she , dumbstruck . pizza girl ( cont 'd ) hey ? he continue to stare . qohen appear , pay the girl . she turn to go , glance back at Bob . pizza girl ( cont 'd ) what be you stare at ? bob uh ... nothing . she flip she cap brim forward , adjust she muss pony tail with both hand , perky breast rise . she wink at Bob . pizza girl ( coyly ) wrong answer . she leave . qohen close the door and turn to Bob , who stare at the door . qohen be you all right ? bob ( snap out of it ) whoa ! I get this hormonal paradigm shift go on , ' case you do not notice . ( more ) 54 . bob ( cont 'd ) puberty 's hell ... be she look at I funny ? qohen we have grow accustom to people look at we funny . bob yeah , but you be funny look . Bob open the pizza box , grab a slice , take a huge bite , sauce dribble down he chin . he carry the box to the computer , drop it carelessly on the desk , take another wolfish bite while type one-hand . bob ( cont 'd ) ( mouth full ) how long till geek and geekier come for I ? qohen not long . bob damn . he toss the crust over he shoulder . instantly , a scruffy rodent bag it , drag it through a crack in the floor . Bob nod toward the pizza box . bob ( cont 'd ) help yourself to the rest . qohen we be afraid we diet preclude pizza . bob put it in the fridge , then . Bob attack the keyboard with both hand . qohen retrieve the pizza box , carry it toward the kitchen . he absently lick a bit of sauce from he finger and halt , eye close . a look of fleeting pleasure cross he face . he open he eye , frown , make sure Bob have not notice . int . chapel - night qohen lie in bed , toss and turn , unable to sleep . he as it at go to the shrine , light a candle , stare at its flame . if against he will , he turn a picture face forward . be a close - up profile of he wife 's face . she 's look something off camera , laughing . 55 . the picture come to life , and she turn to face qohen , she laughter dying . she look at he with pity . qohen replace the picture , face to the wall . he trudge to he work station , sit at the computer . qohen touch the mouse : the menu appear . he see bainsley 's icon , hesitates , then click . a live video of bainsley fill the screen . barely dress in white lingerie , she stretch seductively on a bed with red satin sheet , eye close . she moan passionately into a headset microphone , she hand caress she corset breast . raunchy chatroom message scroll below she image . qohen 's head spin . bainsley smile wickedly , she eye slowly open . she lick she lip with a sultry smile , then sit up , smile freezing . bainsley ( v.0 . ) ( softly , into microphone ) qohen ? shock , qohen exit the site . he stare at he screen . int . chapel - day qohen lie on he bed , look at he signature on the receipt from the clone . Bob sit at the computer , type furiously and softly wheeze . his eye be baggy with fatigue . qohen we never think of management as a family man . bob yeah , well , I be it . heir to he dark throne . like I want it . he give I this rap about my mom die in childbirth , but I know she just run off . I be out of here too , soon as I finish my ph.d . qohen be not you rather young for a doctorate ? bob it 's just quantum system Analysis . Old man say I shoulda finish last year . typical control freak . Bob hit a key , and sign and symbol swiftly scroll . 56 . bob ( cont 'd ) ok , q. you be ready to go . he stand , lose he balance , steady himself against the desk , breathe heavily . qohen be you all right ? bob Fucking allergy . Bob take a hit from he inhaler , suck it in deep . qohen what exactly be you allergic to ? Bob pocket the inhaler , speak through clench tooth . bob bald old fart lay in bed instead of get to work . up and fuck at ‘em . heaving a great sigh , qohen move to the work station , take he seat . he tentatively touch a key : symbol scroll . Bob peer over he shoulder . bob ( cont 'd ) this baby be shiver for you special touch , q. just like that yummy bikini babe you be play tarzan with . qohen stop , mortify . qohen how do you know about she ? bob ( gesture at computer ) you kid ? you life 's a open beep book , excuse my five-second delay ... so what 's she like in the virtual flesh ? qohen that 's none of you business . bob you be no fun . you sound like my dad . qohen grudgingly type . the scrolling slow , stop . he hesitates . type . the scrolling speed up . qohen stare at the screen , hand freeze above the keyboard . bob ( cont 'd ) what 's the prob , Bob ? 57 . qohen we name be qohen . q-- no U -- 0 -- bob come on , q. you be look for the least little en ... tit ... tee ... the little entity that could . start he up and he drag the rest behind . ( point ) whoops ! there 's the little bugger ! qohen where ? bob there ! do not let he get away ! Bob push qohen out of he chair and take he place , one hand control the mouse , the other swiftly type . bob ( cont 'd ) gotcha , you little bastard . Bob scroll and type at lightning speed as qohen stand back in awe . the symbol re-configure in tidy row . bob ( cont 'd ) there . see ? easy . now you do it . Bob stand , and qohen hesitantly take he place . he stare helplessly at the screen , finger poise above the keyboard . qohen 's shoulder slump in despair . Bob lean over he , coax . he touch qohen 's shoulder . qohen stiffen . qohen we prefer not to be touch . Bob draw he hand away , he eye go hard . bob how be I suppose to work with this ? you get you head stick so far up you ass you can not see shit . do you even know what Zip - T 's all about ? qohen no . do you ? bob the old man say it 's none of my biz . but if I be work on it long as you , you can bet you ass I would have some clue . 58 . qohen we only care about we call . bob do not even get I start on that . the deadlock click and the door open . the clone flank the doorway , arm fold . chub time to go , Bob . Bob ignore chub , still stare at qohen . bob you really be a burnout , be not you ... get a clue , q. slim time to go , Bob . bob time to kiss my ass , chub . chub I be chub . Bob turn and head to the door . he glare at the clone . bob if I ever take over , you guy be fire . slim and chub shoot each other worried glance . bob ( cont 'd ) like I will remember who the fuck you be . they all leave . int . chapel - night qohen sit at he computer , scrolling through page after page of neat and orderly sign and symbol , he lip unconsciously form soundless word as he strive to comprehend . the intercom buzy . qohen raise he eye to the crucifix . moment later qohen open the door , and bainsley be in he arm . her trench coat flash open , revealing she 's naked underneath . qohen pull it close . she giggle . 59 . qohen you be drunk . bainsley rub up against he . bainsley mostly . qohen what be you do here ? bainsley you click on I . qohen we -- we visit you web site in error . bainsley sure you do ... you want I . she wrap she arm around he neck , kiss he . qohen resist at first but then close he eye and , despite himself , begin to kiss she back . and now bainsley break away , hot and flustered . bainsley ( cont 'd ) easy , killer . let a girl catch she breath ! qohen turn away , struggle to contain himself . bainsley pull a vr suit from she coat pocket , shake it out . bainsley ( cont 'd ) go put yours on . i'1l hook we both up to you computer . oh ! I can hardly wait ! qohen stare at the suit , aghast . bainsley ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong ? qohen we will never wear that suit again . we ... we can not ever go back there . bainsley bad trip last time . I know . this time will be different . trust I . bainsley wrap the vr suit around qohen 's neck , pull he close for a kiss ... 60 . but qohen resist . he take the suit from he neck , stuff it in she coat pocket , then firmly pull she to the door . bainsley ( cont 'd ) you be play hard to get ... you think that turn I on ... and it do ... a little ... but enough 's enough , qohen . they stand in the doorway . she touch he chest , face raise to he ... bainsley ( cont 'd ) come on ... let 's have some fun ... qohen hold she by the shoulder at arm 's length . qohen we do not have fun . we be not any fun . we have work to do . and we can not imagine why you would ever be interested in we . bainsley 's eye blaze . bainsley I be start to wonder myself . I just do not want to be alone tonight . she turn to go . bainsley ( cont 'd ) maybe you really do not have a soul ... but I be ready to find out when you be ... she leave , close the door behind she . qohen stare at the close door ... then , shoulder slumping , he slowly return to he computer . he stare at the screen , rub bleary eye , tilt he head as if listen . his eye light on the crucifix and slowly widen as a think occur to he . qohen ( under he breath ) impossible . he sit up straight , scroll through the column of sign and symbol faster and faster , eye sharp and swiftly move . int . chapel - day qohen stand by the door , signing a receipt . he give it to the clone , and they leave . Bob plop a laptop computer on qohen 's bed , insert a wireless network card into its slot , then sit at qohen 's work station . he pull up the network screen . 61 . bob I be tapping into you network . figure I can always play " go Fish " with mancom ... qohen go to the work station , stand behind Bob . bob ( cont 'd ) so what 's the agenda today , q ? sit around stare at the phone ? order another pizza ? I be for pizza , myself . qohen we -- we think we may have discover the purpose of the Zero theorem . Bob pause . bob you be shitting I . qohen Language ... bob ( smile , pleased ) give it up , q-dog . qohen rub he forehead , stare up at the crucifix . qohen as far as we have be able to ascertain , the Zero theorem employ a densely compact language that seek to codify all know phenomenon in the universe . bob try it in English , q. qohen the Zero theorem seek to explain the purpose of existence . Bob 's eye widen . bob you be fuh-reak shitting I . Holy crap . Holy crap ! that be just too cool ! Bob turn back to the computer , type frantically . qohen we nail this bad boy , we be talk groupie chick from art and science ! I be laid for life ! qohen remain silent , glumly stare . Bob look at he . 62. bob what 's the matter ? let 's roll , q! qohen the project be impossible . bob no way to know without try . qohen but if we try and fail , then you and you father will not help we to receive we call . Bob whirl around , suddenly impatient . bob quit lean all over I , huh ?. you smell like you die . go for a walk or something , air yourself out . qohen take a step back . qohen we prefer not to go out . bob then take a shower . give you dome a turtle wax . do anything besides stand around give I the eye . you be creep I out . let I finish up here . Bob reach for he inhaler . hurt , qohen back away . int . bathroom - later qohen scrub himself viciously with a washcloth . he stop , lean against the tile , close he eye . the spray hit he in the face , water trickle down he cheek like tear . int . chapel - shrine - later qohen quietly exit the bathroom and stop . Bob stand in front of the shrine , look at the photo , all of which be face forward . qohen 's breath catch . his eye burn . but then he breathes deeply . he go to the shrine , stand quietly next to Bob . Bob look at qohen . they eye lock . bob what happen to they ? 63 . qohen stare at the photo : he wife , he Son , he former self in various family pose , various degree of happiness . qohen there be a fire . he gaze up to the chapel 's char beam , jaw set stoically . qohen ( cont 'd ) and we can never understand the reason ... until we receive we call . Bob tear up . he touch qohen 's arm , drop he hand . qohen turn a picture 's face to the wall again , then another . qohen ( cont 'd ) we prefer that this not be touch . the memory be ... painful . Bob turn away from qohen , overwhelm with emotion . bob oh , Jesus , q. I feel so bad . qohen it 's all right . you do not know . bob no . I feel bad for lie to you . qohen stop what he 's do . qohen what be you talk about ? Bob walk back toward the work station , qohen follow . bob you call . nobody can get it for you . not my dad . not I . not anybody . qohen but you say ... Mr. Joby tell we ... qohen be unable to finish . Bob rap he knuckle on the monitor , fight tear . bob ( roughly ) yo , Doc , off you ass and on the clock . Doctor shrink-rom appear on the screen , roll she notebook into a tube and twist it nervously . bob ( cont 'd ) the truth . come on , I be authorize you . dr . shrink -rom it 's true , qohen . you phone call be a delusion . I have want to tell you ... I have want to help you ... but I be program to leave you peculiar pathology untreated ... I be sor -- Bob click she off . qohen but ... but why ? bob the old man use everybody q. you be a tool . we be all tool . Joby , I , that hot bikini babe ... qohen bainsley ? bob you call girl be pay by the hour . qohen look dizzy . he cover he face with both hand . Bob ease he into he chair . bob ( cont 'd ) I will never ever lie to you ever again . that 's a promise , q. qohen slowly lower he hand from he face . qohen we call be real . we have be wait . it will provide we life with purpose and meaning ... a reason to go on ... bob ( gently ) wake up , q. qohen ( desperately ) perhaps not by phone ... perhaps that be we delusion ... but somehow , some way ... bob there be no call , q. there 's only Zip -t . and you and I have less than three week to solve it now . qohen 's eye harden . 64 . 65 . qohen why in the world should we bother ? bob because it 's you job ... qohen stare at he . bob ( cont 'd ) for the advancement of science ... qohen slowly shake he head . Bob duck he head , peek up with plead eye . bob ( cont 'd ) do it for I , q ...? please ...? qohen be take aback . qohen why do you care so much about the Zero theorem ? bob the truth ? qohen that 's what you promise we . bob the old man tell I if I help you prove Zip -t , he would buy I a car . qohen that 's it ? that 's you reason ? bob well , duh ... chick dig the wheel , q ... and soon as I get I some , I be burn road . I 'ma million light year from that bossy bastard ... come on , q. help a kid out . pretty fuck please ? qohen look into Bob 's plead eye , soften . qohen unseemly ... excite , Bob give qohen 's shoulder a quick squeeze . bob you and I , q. you big ass computer and my speedy little laptop . qohen frown . 66 . qohen on one condition . bob what ? qohen we call be real . Bob study qohen , then grin . bob I believe you , partner . let 's go to work . int . chapel - montage 1 . qohen work desperately at he computer while Bob lie on the bed work just as feverishly on he laptop . 2 . the clone appear in the doorway to pick up Bob . 3 . qohen signing a receipt for delivery . 4 . qohen signing another receipt . 5 . Bob take a hit from he asthma inhaler , qohen pause from he work , look at he with concern . 6 . qohen work alone on he computer late into the night , haggard but determine . 7 . qohen kneel at the shrine , lighting a candle . 8 . Bob grab the last slice of pizza . he take a huge bite , see qohen stare at he . he hold out the slice . qohen hesitates , then take it . he bite , swallow , smile a small smile , hand it back . Bob devour the rest . 9 . qohen signing yet another receipt . int . chapel - day qohen sit at the computer , manipulate entity . Bob lie on qohen 's bed , headphone on , listen to music while he work . he play air drum while singing off-key . qohen shoot he a glance , irritate . Bob hit a air cymbal . bob any progress ? 67 . qohen impossible to tell . and you ? Bob slap he laptop close , frustrated . bob I be crunching in circle . he get off the bed , stand behind qohen at the work station . bob ( cont 'd ) the old man pull I off the job in two day . we gotta speed up the process . qohen perhaps he will give we a extension . bob not my old man . push , push , push . I be three year old , watch cartoon after a hard day 's calculus , and he 's like : ( lowering voice ) " Son , you will never fulfill you destiny that way . " I be like , " jeez , pop , how about next commercial ? " he give up on I before I even learn to ride a bike . qohen nod , hesitates . qohen we problem be ... it 's pointless . bob what be ? qohen the Zero theorem . follow the math . do not you see ? the point be to prove that there be no point . all of existence be a cosmic accident . it start from nothing and will end in nothing . Bob move about the work station , idly pick up object . bob I guess that 's not good . qohen it would make we life meaningless . Bob nod , distract . he shrug . bob so let 's prove Zip - T 's wrong . qohen then you father will not give you a car . 68 . bob fuck he . I gotta prove something , q. let 's do it . qohen how ? bob I do not know . use you imagination . qohen stare at the monitor , think . qohen Energy beget matter ... matter beget energy ... accord to the theorem , everything must be account for ... in order to disprove it , we must find something that can not be count , something outside the equation . bob such as ...? qohen close he eye , then suddenly open they , realize . qohen we soul . bob be that all ? qohen it may be all we have be wait for ... but we can not imagine how to prove its existence ... bob whoa . talk about a gnarly existential brain-burner ... Bob idly open the box that hold the vr suit , pull it out . bob ( cont 'd ) +. and my brain 's half - toast as be . Bob hold the vr suit up to he chest . bob ( cont 'd ) some fun in the sun could help . think that bainsley chick would give I a freebie ? qohen unseemly . bob I would sure like to get inside she program . 69 . qohen we be afraid you would find it empty . Bob stop , lose in think . suddenly he stuff the suit in he pocket , grab he laptop , and head for the door . qohen ( cont 'd ) where be you go ? bob Major breakthrough ! I gotta get with mancom and figure out the detail . qohen what about the clone ? bob they can fuck each other up they ass . I be not wait for they . I be not wait for nothing . I be grab a cab . Bob slam the door behind he , leave qohen bewilder . qohen Language ... later the clone flank the doorway , qohen stand before they . slim you let he go ? qohen how be we to stop he ? chub Duct tape work . slim management will not be happy about this . chub I would not want to be in you shoe . slim you be in deep trouble . qohen 's jaw clenches . he smile coldly . qohen Bob leave a message for you . int . chapel - shrine - night qohen stare at the picture , all face forward . 70 . int . chapel - later qohen sit at he computer look longingly at bainsley 's icon . he click on it : " access denied ! " qohen slowly run a hand over he bald head . he clear the lump from he throat . int . chapel - much later the Black hole screensaver swirl before he . int . qohen' chapel - morning a box drop in front of qohen . he open he eye . Bob stand beside he , baggy - eye , short of breath , but grin . bob Problem solve . qohen where have you be ? bob lurk and work . confer , consort , and hobnob with mancom on the sly . turned in my Ph.D. dissertation while I be at it . Committee chair about have a stroke just read the abstract . he will flunk my ass for sure . Bob look around the chapel . bob ( cont 'd ) clone be here , right ? qohen nod . bob ( cont 'd ) they will be back . the old man put out a apb out on I . every clone in R&D 's on the hunt . no time to waste , q . Bob open the box and pull out the vr suit , which now sport even more wire and transistor and a crudely sewn big gold " q " on its chest . he hand it to qohen , push he out of he chair , take he place , and begin type rapidly . qohen eye the suit in he hand with dismay . qohen more virtual reality . bob nope . I rewire it . this baby 's a real live inner-space soul - search suit . all I gotta do be rig a interface with mancom . 71 . qohen what be you talk about ? bob Energy , q-dude ! everything inside you release energy -- from cell division to a synapse fire . this suit will pick up the data and relay it to mancom . if you have a soul , this will find it ... and mancom '11l connect you to it . Bob sneeze , wipe he nose on he sleeve . qohen stare at he . bob ( cont 'd ) do not look at I like that , q . it sound crazy , but I get it all figure out . qohen we be afraid you have be study too much philosophy and not enough physics . bob you sound like my dissertation director . there 's plenty of room for philosophy between subatomic particle . Bob hit a few more key . a dialogue BOX pop up : " mancom ready for input " . bob ( cont 'd ) no time to waste . suit up , Super -q. qohen pick up the suit . qohen we be afraid we can not wear this . bob sure you can . I even have it dry-clean . qohen shake he head . bob ( cont 'd ) you gotta . when you be connect , you will know everything mancom know . qohen delicately trace the " q " on the suit with a fingertip . qohen be it dangerous ? Bob meet he gaze . 72 . bob Jesus , q .... mancom 's the biggest , baddest neural net computer ever make ... you brain could come out like a carrot in a blender for all I know ... he look away helplessly . bob ( cont 'd ) Truth be , it scare the fuck out of I . qohen unseemly ... the intercom buzy . qohen ( cont 'd ) do you order a pizza ? bob Fucking clone . Bob drag a pew down the aisle to block the door , wheeze . qohen catch up , stop he . qohen no . they have a key . qohen touch the intercom button . qohen ( cont 'd ) yes ...? moment later qohen open the door to reveal bainsley . wearing jeans and a T-shirt , hair in a pony tail , she look young and vulnerable . bainsley can I ... come in ? qohen step back . bainsley enter . spot Bob , she raise puzzle eye . qohen bainsley -- bob. Bob -- bainsley . Bob be management 's son ... ( to bainsley , darkly ) you know management ... do not you ? Bob stare at bainsley . he take a blast from he inhaler . 73 . bainsley I be so sorry , qohen ... Joby tell I I could have the vr suit if I play along . qohen then we suppose you have what you want . bainsley it 's not like that ... not anymore ... now I just want ... you . Bob make a gagging sound , then sneeze . he recover . bob no way , babe . you be like major league , and he 's like , I mean ... look at he . bainsley step to Bob , touch he cheek , smile sadly . bainsley please do not laugh at I . smitten by she touch , Bob stare at she in wonder ... .«.-. and qohen stare at she in disbelief . bainsley ( cont 'd ) I be go away , qohen . come with I ... to a special place ... a island ... a real one ... just for you and I . qohen raise he eye to the chapel 's char rafter . a pair of pigeon nest atop a crossbeam , softly cooing . bainsley ( cont 'd ) you and I -- we connect ... qohen look deep into she eye . bainsley ( cont 'd ) we can be together for real ... qohen break away , look at Bob as if for a answer . Bob 's face be a study in tear emotion . bainsley ( cont 'd ) qohen ...? qohen gaze toward the shrine , all the picture there . he hesitates , then hug bainsley close , whisper in she ear . qohen we be afraid ... we can not ... bainsley 's eye brim with tear . she kiss he softly . 74 . bainsley ( desperately ) oh , run away with I , qohen . please ? qohen kiss she , eye shut tight ... .+. then he eye snap open ... ++. and he back away from she , master he emotion . bainsley search he stoic face . a sob escape she . she turn away and walk out . qohen close the door . emotionless , he turn to Bob . bob damn , q ... you get any heart at all ? qohen do not answer . bob ( cont 'd ) um ... want to suit up ? qohen close he eye . bob ( cont 'd ) need a break ? qohen open he eye , look around the chapel . qohen we feel like a rat in a rat trap . Bob follow qohen 's gaze . he sneeze . bob I be ready to gnaw my foot off since I get here . let 's get out of this tomb . int . vestibule - moment later qohen stare uncertainly at the great oak door to the street . qohen we have not go out in a long time ... Bob take he arm . ext . STREET - moment later the sun be bright . qohen squint , take a misstep , stagger . 75 . Bob support he . he pull surfer sunglass and baseball cap from he pocket , put they on qohen , the cap backwards . bob you do not need skin cancer . they head down the street . qohen can we go back now ? bob there 's a park just up the street . let 's air you out . you be way overdue . qohen hug himself , look frail , feeble . qohen should we have go with she ? Bob give he a pity look . bob what do I know ? I be just a kid . Bob hook he CD player on qohen 's belt , put the headphone on qohen 's ear . he push " play " . qohen 's eye widen . they continue walk . a trio of old lady push shopping cart veer around they as they pass in the other direction . ext . park - later people jogging , rollerblade , picnick , feed pigeon . a pair of sister -- lacy , 18 , and bonnie , 15 -- try to launch a kite . it lift , spin , nosedive . they laugh . qohen and Bob sit under a big oak tree , back against its trunk . Bob look at qohen , look away , hesitates . bob what 's it like get old , q? qohen gaze into the branch , eye clouding , voice robotic . qohen you will question the worth of you life . nothing will satisfy you . you will be alone . you will feel empty as a gourd ... qohen snap out of it , see Bob 's consternation . 76 . qohen ( cont 'd ) Excuse we nihilism . Bob shrug , watch lacy and bonnie . the kite crash to the ground again . lacy and bonnie moan at the failure , giggling . bob a little tail would make that thing more aerodynamically active . and speak of a little tail , that girl be hot ! bonnie try again to get the kite airborne . she shoot Bob a fleeting look , smile shyly . bob ( cont 'd ) ( wistfully ) I do not know any girl my age ... ( snap out of it ) think I should get a tongue stud ? the question draw qohen out of he despair . qohen for what purpose ? bob chick , dude . chick dig the metal . qohen stare into the distance , try to take the question seriously , search for the proper response . qohen in we experience , the female be attract to the male in direct inverse proportion to the male 's misguide effort to attract she attention . bob fuckin ' huh ? qohen smile . qohen chick dig the real you . Bob reach over , squeeze qohen 's shoulder . bob I bet you be a good dad , q. qohen attempt to speak , but he emotion overcome he . Bob pat he arm and look away , embarrassed . he spy a hot dog vendor and jump to he foot , lose he balance . 77 . bob ( cont 'd ) whoa . I need food . do we a coupla dog , q? coupla wiener for a coupla weeny ? eye mist , qohen watch lacy and bonnie play . qohen May we have relish on ours ? Bob grin , trot off towards the hot dog vendor . moment later qohen sit deep in think , gaze into the oak 's branch . the laughter of lacy and bonnie echoe . he look at they . they can not get the kite airborne , but they be have fun . qohen wrestle with a sudden impulse . bonnie hold the kite while lacy , at the other end of 50 foot of string , prepare to run with it . qohen stand , take off he sunglass , take a deep breath , and try on a smile . it fit nicely . he approach bonnie . qohen beautiful day for kite fly , be not it ? bonnie look at he the way one might look at a quadriplegic in a wheelchair . she smile uncertainly . bonnie except there 's not enough wind . lacy eye qohen suspiciously , drop the string and move toward they . qohen we will fix that . qohen produce a clean handkerchief from he pocket , shake it out with a flourish , then bend down and tie it to the tail of the kite . Bob return with one - and -a-half hotdog , the miss half in he mouth . he stop and stare at qohen fix the kite for the grateful girl , then quickly swallow , shove the other half of he hotdog in he mouth . later qohen sit beneath the oak tree , eye close , savore the final bite of he hotdog . he open he eye with satisfaction , watch Bob and bonnie hold onto the string of the airborne kite . 78 . lacy stroll down by the pond , leave they alone . she look up , wave to qohen , smile . he wave back . Bob pull the string : the kite dip , barely miss the ground , soar skyward . he and bonnie laugh with delight . qohen 's eye brim with joy , then slowly darken . Bob spot qohen look at he . he hand bonnie the string , whisper in she ear . she smile and squeeze he hand . Bob amble to qohen , plop down next to he , beam . bob q-dog . how you do , bud ? qohen well . you ? bob whoa ... you know ? qohen smile , put a hand softly on Bob 's arm . qohen we know . bob look ... about that soul-search thing ... Bob look off at bonnie . the kite be lose altitude . she scramble backwards to keep it in the air . bob ( cont 'd ) you do not have to do it . I will . qohen but ... why ? bob just to show the bastard . qohen no . you be much too young . we be not at all certain -- suddenly , Bob poke he finger sharply into qohen 's forehead . qohen wince . bob wake the fuck up , q ! you think you be the only one who want a call ? qohen sit daze . 79 . qohen sorry . I never think ... Bob stare at he . bob what do you say ? qohen I say I be sorry . I -- bob q... dude ... you just turn singular . qohen ( confuse ) I do ? ( hearing himself , smile ) I suppose I do . bob jeez . I shoulda slap you upside the head the day we meet . Bob look at bonnie again . the kite have crash , and she 's untangle herself from a swirl of string . he sigh . bob ( cont 'd ) I guess we better get back to work ... Bob stand . qohen rise too , put a hand on he arm , stop he . qohen no . not yet . there 's ... there 's someone I have to see first . Bob stare at he , uncomprehend , then break into a grin . bob you be go after bainsley . qohen if you do not mind I leave you here . Bob look over at bonnie , smile . bob meet you back at the tomb later . qohen hesitates . Bob playfully rub qohen 's bald head . bob ( cont 'd ) go get she , q. I can wait . 80 . int . cab - moment later qohen get into a cab , slam the door . driver where to ? qohen view he from behind : short - sleeve white shirt , tie stick out of collar , unruly hair slicked to the side . in the rearview mirror : a flash of thick glass . qohen catch he breath . the driver look like a clone . driver ( cont 'd ) nowhere to go ...? ext . STREET - moment later qohen run from the cab , dodging traffic to the other side of the street . he race down the sidewalk , heart pound . int . bus - later qohen sit in the rear of a nearly - empty bus , gaze out the window as they travel through a upscale suburb . he close he eye and rest he head against the glass . when he open he eye , he spot a rider up front : short - sleeve shirt and tie , thick glass . he look around : acne-scarred face , slicked hair , too -short trousers , white sock in scuff wingtip . he duck down : this can not be real . the bus wheeze to a stop . a line of clone-like man board through the front door . panick , qohen jump up and push through the rear door . ext . upscale STREET - moment later qohen run , lung aching , gasping . everywhere he look ... .+. clone : drive they car , walk they dog , water they begonia . clone and more clone , fat , skinny , short , tall , but all strangely identical in demeanor and dress ... all stop what they be do to stare at qohen . he veer off the street , cut through ... 81. backyard ... dodging tree and flower bed , koi pond and patio furniture ... run , run , run in desperation . he vault a fence , catch he foot , sprawl on the ground . he lift he face to the sky with a strangle sob . then he eye harden . he get to he foot , set off run again . ext . joby's house - later out of breath and dishevel , qohen pound on the door . Joby open it , all jovial . joby well if it be not my old pal quinn ! come in ! have a beer ! have some tap water ! Joby stop , deep in think . joby ( cont 'd ) wait a minute ... you be suppose to be baby-sitting you little buddy Bob . you do not leave he all alone , do you ? qohen where be bainsley ? joby management will not like that . no ... it will be a regular clone convention around you place , poor kid ... I bet you phone 's ringing off the hook even as we speak . qohen bainsley . where do she live ? Joby squint in think , tap he lip . joby bainsley ... nope , be not ringing a bell . qohen grab Joby by the shirt - front . Joby snap to attention , eye narrowing . joby ( cont 'd ) she pack up and take off . Chasing the wind . she 's the least of you worry . _ qohen you be lie . you be management 's tool . 82. joby you poor bastard . we be all tool . get use to it , quinn . qohen slowly release he . qohen ( helplessly , by rote ) my name be qohen ... qq ... his voice die out . joby I know . I know who you be ... do you ? Joby step back , look at qohen with pity , shake he head . joby ( cont 'd ) go home , q ... the door close . qohen stare at it , wrack with indecision , then suddenly take off run down the street . int . chapel - night exhausted , qohen let himself in , look around fearfully . qohen Bob ...? the room be dark , gloomy , light only by the sputtering candle at the shrine and the ghostly glow of he computer . holding pews for support , qohen drag himself to the shrine . he fall to he knee , bury he face in he hand . qohen ( cont 'd ) Bob ! after a while , he rise , wiping he face . he stagger to he bed and collapse with a groan , exhaust and dishearten . qohen ( cont 'd ) oh , Bob ... a rustling from under the bed . qohen jump to he foot . bob ( 0.s. ) ( voice weak , gasp ) Dust bunny ... biosphere ... down here . Bob crawl out from under the bed , shiver and coughing . qohen beam with joy , wrap Bob in a bear hug . 83 . bob ( cont 'd ) clone come by twice . they will be back . Bob sneeze , wheeze , tooth chatter . qohen release he , smooth Bob 's sweaty hair from he forehead . qohen you be burn up . Bob push qohen 's hand away , pull out he inhaler . bob just a fuck fever , q. do not wig out . qohen you need medical attention . suddenly dizzy , Bob sit on the bed . bob Nah ... just get I some aspirin and run I a cool bath ... and bar the door ... no way I wanna see another clone ... bathroom - later Bob lie in the tub in he boxer . qohen kneel beside he . bob she give I she number . her name 's bonnie . she 's the hot chick ever . her sister 's name be lacy . too old for I ... you interested , q? qohen soothes Bob 's forehead with a washcloth , silent . bob ( cont 'd ) so how would you score with bainsley ? qohen she 's go . bob wish she be here give I a bath . qohen so do I ... but I seem to have lose she . Bob cough at length , close he eye . bob nobody 's ever really lose q-dog ... we will find she ... soon as we nail Zip -t... get you fuck call ... excuse my ... Bob drift off mid-sentence . his rag breathe soften . 84 . qohen smooth back he hair , press a cheek to he forehead , linger there , then lift he from the tub . he drape a towel over he , step back , struggle under Bob 's weight ... qohen slip and fall against the mirror , keep he hold on bob. righting himself , qohen glance to the break mirror ... amid the shattered glass , a red light shine . chapel - moment later qohen tuck Bob into bed . Hand on Bob 's brow , he check he temperature . he draw back he hand , still worried . bathroom —- moment later qohen raise the ball - peen hammer and smashes the mancam . its red light blink out . chapel - later qohen drag a pew down the aisle , stack it against two other block the door . chapel - morning the door 's deadlock click open . qohen awaken with a start , sit in a chair next to the bed where Bob still sleep , softly snoring . he remove he hand from Bob 's head , listen , disorient . the door shudder , move . pews groan as they move . qohen spring up , Bob still sleep , and rush to the door . a thud from outside move the blockade . the door open a crack . qohen throw himself against it with all he might . the thud and grunt of shoulder on door , push qohen back . the door open a foot . qohen look around in a panic . Bob sit up in bed , bleary - eye with fever . bob q ...? qohen sprint to the shrine , pick up the candle stand in both hand , and run back down the aisle . candle fly , landing in pile of computer printout , ignite they . with a strangled scream , qohen hurl the stand at the door . wrought iron wedge . the door thud and thump , stick . 85 . but when qohen turn around to check on Bob , he see : FIRE . it 's a small paper fire , but in qohen 's eye it turn to : flashback - burning house qohen fight through smoke and flame , crash through a window , roll on the ground , smolder , sobbing . back to scene qohen throw himself on the pile of burn printout , eye clench tight , mouth open in a soundless scream . he roll over and over , burn himself , but put out the fire . Bob get out of bed , wobble with fever . he cough , wheeze , then collapse on the bed , unconscious . qohen rush to he . the door burst open , pews and wringht iron screeching against the floor . slim and chub push through , breathless . qohen cradle Bob in he arm . the clone walk up the aisle . qohen take he to a hospital . chub reach for bob. qohen hug he closer for a moment , then carefully place he in chub ' arm . Bob 's breathe be rag . qohen smooth the hair from he eye ... qohen ( cont 'd ) please . hurry . the clone turn to go . slim glance at qohen 's work station . slim you time 's up . we will be back for the hardware tomorrow . do not touch anything . they head out the door with bob. qohen stare after they . chapel - later qohen kneel before the wreck shrine , a single burn candle in he cup hand . he stare through the flicker flame at the photo . later qohen sit at he computer , dress in the soul-search suit . 86 . monitor : " mancom ready for input " . qohen trace the " q " on he chest , then pull on the hood . he hit the " enter " key . a low -pitch hum as the program power up . monitor fill with static . White noise hiss . qohen sit rigid , wait . five long second pass ... hissing stop . hum wind down . monitor blink . the black hole screensaver appear . silence . qohen raise he face to the crucifix in despair ... he touch the braid of wire at the back of he hood , adjust they , and suddenly : a flash of light space - mancom mainframe - continuous qohen spin weightless through labyrinthine corridor . there be no up or down . only a dizzying expanse of computer bank stretch as far as the eye can see . qohen weave he way through a buzz of circuitry . as he approach a computer bank , its light flash , and ... mancom portal - continuous .»+.- qohen be spin headfirst through a sparking rainbow - light tunnel of circuit . qohen be inside mancom . his braid of wire fly behind he , shoot flame . Electrical current arc from every pass circuit board to the trail wire , create a comet 's tail of voltage . qohen clutches he head in pain , turn sharp angle amid explosion of color , accelerate at every turn , a bolt of scream lightning . up ahead , spin toward he , the end of the tunnel : Space . and spin in the center of Space : the Black hole . qohen close he eye in terror ... 87. space — mancom control - continuous qohen open he eye to find himself motionless , stand on solid flooring , mancom 's computer bank behind he , the control console in front of he open onto starry space ... and beyond that ... the Black hole loom . a dark figure hunch over the control console . qohen remove he hood , catch he breath . he step closer . qohen Bob ...? the figure swivel to face qohen . it be management , dress in he taupe suit , the Black hole rotate behind he . management I be afraid you will not find my son here , Mr. leth . he 's be hospitalize . qohen be he ... will he be all right ? management stand , turn to face the Black hole , he voice low and hoarse , as if speak to himself . management if I believe in miracle , I would be praying for one now . my son ... be not well . he 's never be well . I have try to protect he , but he 's always chafe at my touch ... eventually , a father must let go . surely you know that , Mr. leth . he turn to face qohen , smile sadly . qohen look around . qohen where , precisely , be I ? management this be you mind , Mr. leth . this be you mind in mancom . qohen then be you real or just in my mind ? management be there really a difference ? you be part of the neural Net now . all of you knowledge , all of you be have be incorporate into mancom . qohen stare in despair . 88. qohen what be the answer ? management that depend upon the question . qohen 's jaw clenches . qohen what be I live for ? management ( amused ) good question , Mr. leth , but pose to the wrong person . you have apparently mistaken I for a entity of considerably higher power . I be not the source of you call . I be neither God nor Devil . I be simply a man who seek the truth . qohen and what be the truth ? management you be look it dead in the eye . he sweep he hand toward the Black hole behind he . management ( cont 'd ) Chaos encapsulate . this be all there be in the end , as it be in the beginning . qohen stare at the Black hole in dismay . qohen then you have prove the Zero theorem . management sit on the edge of the control panel , frown . management not quite . mancom be still , as you put it , " crunching " the data . but it 's only a matter of time . qohen struggle to control he anger . qohen why would you ever want to prove that all be for nothing ? management adjust he tie with finicky precision . management the saddest aspect of mankind 's belief in a purpose beyond this life be that it make this life meaningless -- a way station on the road to eternity . 89 . the black hole swirl behind management , a yawn maw of emptiness frame he head like a dark halo . management ( cont 'd ) you have persist in believe that a call could give you life meaning . you have wait and wait for that call to come . and as a result , you have lead a meaningless life . we give we own life meaning ... even if we can not understand the reason ... every rise have its thorns , Mr. leth . management approach qohen , put a hand on he shoulder . management ( cont 'd ) ( sadly ) I be sorry , Mr. leth . we be not really all that different , you and I ... but ultimately you must find you own way . qohen stare at management 's hand ... «+. and suddenly management disappear . qohen slump for a moment , stare at the Black hole ... then , eye burn , he seat himself at the control panel . he locate a keyboard , begin type desperately . nothing . frustrate , qohen leap to he foot , rip the keyboard from the panel , and hurl it at a nearby computer bank . the keyboard shatter without do any damage , but suddenly the computer bank light up like a flash pinball machine . qohen stare at the light - show in wonder ... frantically , he begin demolosh the control panel , hurl piece at the computer bank ... he heave up the desk - top ... +. and something fall clanging to the floor . it be a ball - peen hammer . qohen stoops to pick it up . he hold it in he , hand , flex its weight , smile coldly . and then he go berserk , throw himself against bank after bank of computer , wildly swinging , smashing , swinging , grin like a demon on fire ... he rampage down the corridor of computer bank , hammer . and while each machine remain undamage , all flash wild light after he hit they , a frenzied flash and whirring that seem to match qohen 's unbridle anger . 90 . he finally fall to he knee , weary , and raise he eye ... all the way down the endless corridor , mancom 's computer bank be power up . he turn and , still on he knee , gaze at the Black hole . it seem to loom closer , larger . qohen 's eye light up like fire as the realization hit he . qohen get to he foot . he pull up he hood , place a hand on the " q " on he chest , pat it for reassurance , raise he hammer high ... «+. then take off at a sprint up the corridor . Computer bank flash , spark , explode in he wake ... he vault the control panel in a single bound and be suddenly soar through ... space arm outstretch , hammer lead the way , a comet 's tail of fire and light trail he , qohen fly straight toward ... the black hole it spin closer and closer , a open mouth of darkness , as qohen streak toward ... impact explosion of color dissolve to : ext . tropical island - beach - sunset a brilliant sun be set , half - submerge in the ocean . qohen stand on the beach , mesmerize by the sunset . he drop he hammer , come back to himself , turn around ... the island be just the way he and bainsley leave it so long ago . they footstep dot the sand . the campfire burn low . he walk to the campfire , pick up the rumple blanket , hug it to he chest , remember . qohen ( softly ) bainsley ... he drop the blanket , stand stare at the sunset . 91 . he lower he eye , close they , and when he open they ... .»+. he see he wife and Son sit nearby on the beach . his wife help he son build a sand castle . slowly , they both turn to look at qohen . his Son wave goodbye to he , he face joyful . his wife raise a hand in farewell , smile and nodd slowly , as if offer he absolution , as if release he to live he life . qohen smile back , he eye fill with tear . he turn to face the nearly - set sun again . the horizon be a riot of crimson reflect off the sea . he raise he outstretch arm , hand seem to cradle the sun . slowly , he let he hand descend . the sun begin to set . qohen lower he hand to he side , and the last of the sun dip into the ocean . qohen turn around . star twinkle in the darken sky above the jungle . he stare up at they . fade to white . a phone softly ring and ring ... fade in : int . chapel - day qohen sit at he work station , fully suite and still plugge in , though the computer be dead . the phone ring and ring . he slowly pull down he hood , stare at the ringing phone . he reach for it , then stop . qohen ( under he breath ) no ... no more ... he rub he eye . his finger trail down he cheek . with a look of surprise , he feel the top of he head . his face and head show the trace of stubble . the phone stop ringing . qohen unplug he braid of wire from the computer and stand , weak and dizzy . 92 . he make he way to the shrine , gaze at the picture there . he touch the one with the break glass , a sad smile curving he tremble lip , then wipe the tear from he eye . he smashes the frame , slip the photo under the torso of he suit , next to he heart . he take a candle back to he work station . he touch the flame to a pile of computer printout , start a small fire . he watch as the fire grow . the phone ring . distract , irritate , qohen snatch it up . qohen ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) I be afraid you have the wrong number . bob ( v.o. ) Jesus , q ! I be call for the last hour ! where the fuck you be ? qohen ( joyfully ) Bob ?! where be you ? bob ( v.o. ) on the way . I just leave the hospital . he watch the flame grow . he ease back from the fire , trail the phone cord behind he . qohen you're ... you be all right then ? bob ( v.o . ) miraculous recovery the doc refuse to believe . I have to wait till everybody take a smoke break to escape . qohen back further away from the fire . bob ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) listen , q , do not put on that vr suit ! qohen um ... I be wear it right now . bob ( v.o . ) well do not plug in ! I hear from one of the clone mancom have a meltdown last night . Fucking thing 's babbling like a baby on acid . not a safe trip at all . qohen smile . 93. qohen I will keep that in mind . bob ( v.o. ) good . go outside and wait for I . I will be there in a minute . the line click dead . the fire be raging now , the computer in flame , spew noxious smoke . qohen back away as far as the taut phone line will allow , then punch 9 - 1 - 1 on the handset . qohen ( into phone ) yes , I would like to report a fire ... ext . STREET - moment later qohen stand on the sidewalk , face aim at the sunny sky . passersby stare at he costume , but qohen do not notice . he turn to look at he chapel . smoke billow out the window . he walk to the curb ... .-- and suddenly spot management , flanke by chub and slim , stand in a shop doorway across the street . a sport car come screeching to a halt in front of qohen . the tinted window roll down , and Bob poke he head out . get in ! 1 steal this from the old man . every clone in town will be after I . qohen circle the car to the passenger side . Hand on the door , he hesitates . across the way , the clone move forward , eye menace . but management stop they with a motion of he hand . he nod to qohen , put a finger to he lip , and , smile sadly , take one last look at Bob . then he turn and go into the shop , the clone follow . bob ( cont 'd ) ( frantic ) come on , q ! qohen get in the car . 94 , int . car - continuous qohen put on he seatbelt . a fire engine 's siren wail in the distance , get closer . bob the bastard have the heat after I . Bob hit the gas and peel out , steering wildly . qohen please do not refer to you father as a bastard . it 's ... unseemly . ( hesitantly ) be you old enough to drive ? bob who care ? we be on the lam , q! Bob come to a jerky stop at a red light . he rest he forehead on the steering wheel . bob ( cont 'd ) Jesus , q , I can not believe what I have go through lately . I be totally wipe . qohen perhaps you and I should take a vacation . bob where to ? qohen I be picture a exotic tropical island . Bob look at he skeptically . bob you really think we can find she ? qohen gaze out the window into the distance . bob ( cont 'd ) you know how many tropical island there be in the world ? qohen turn to Bob , smile . qohen as it happen , I know the exact number . you be not the only genius in this car . Bob look at qohen and slowly break into a huge grin . the light turn green . 95 . bob what the fuck be we wait for ? Bob floor it , the tire squeal , and qohen 's eye widen . ext . STREET - continuous the car careen down the street , barely miss a fire engine go in the other direction . qohen 's wail voice rise above the siren . qohen ( v.o. ) un-fuck -seemly . fade out .