the fly base on the Story by George langelaan screenplay by Charles Edward pogue and David cronenberg produce by Stuart cornfield directed by David cronenberg cast list : Seth brundle Jeff goldblum Veronica quaife geena Davis stathis boran John getz tawny Joy boushel int . the bartok party - night we open on a large white , pristine hall fill with people . we close in on two such people , seth brundle and veronica quaife . they be mid-conversation : brundle what be I work on ? uh ... I be work on something that will change the world and human life as we know it . veronica Change it a lot or just a bit ? you will have to be more specific . brundle what , you want I to be specific here , in this room , with , uh ... half the scientific community of North America eavesdropp ? veronica be there another way ? brundle you could come back to my lab . listen , I will make you cappuccino . I have a faema of my very own . you know what that be ? it 's not the dilettante 's plastic kitchen model . it 's one of that , uh uh. , wh , real restaurant espresso machine with a- a eagle on top and ... veronica somehow I get the feel you do not get out much . brundle you can tell that ? veronca yeah . brundle I think you be make a mistake . I think you really want to talk to I . veronica sorry , I have three other interview to do before this party 's over . brundle yeah , but they be not work on something that will change the world as we know it . veronica they say they be . brundle yeah , but they be lie I be not . int . veronica's car - night we close in on Veronica 's car as it speed down the street . it appear that brundle be ill . veronica be you sick ? brundle no. sure . veronica you be not a very accomplish drunk . brundle no , no , I be always like this . it 's , uh ... motion sickness . when I be a kid , I , uh ... puke on my tricycle . I hate vehicle . veronica should I drive more slowly ? brundle no , no , no . just turn leave . we be almost there . veronica this be it ? brundle it 's cleaner on the inside . int . warehouse stairway - night Veronica and brundle climb the warpe wooden stair to the fourth floor . brundle be breathe hard , very out of shape . he use the ornate railing to haul himself from step to step . veronica Nice railing . brundle ( breathing hard ) yeah . they be original . veronica you do marine experiment ? brundle no , why ? veronica that fishy smell . brundle : oh , that . use to be a pack house for fish . it 's desert right now except for I . I have get the whole fourth floor . the top floor . veronica want I to carry you ? brundle maybe next time . int . brundle lab - night brundle and Veronica enter brundle lab . it seem very tidy and organised as well as be extremely spacious . brundle sit down and begin play on he piano . veronica listen , uh ... maybe this be a bad idea . brundle no , it 's too late . you have already see they . can not let you leave here alive . veronica I have not see anything . brundle that . brundle motion towards two gray pod either side of the room . veronica designer phone booth . very cute . hey , I bet you have a really neat jukebox in here , too , someplace , huh ? over there maybe ? Veronica point toward a third object , cover in tarpaulin . brundle reveal it as a third pod . brundle no . this be the prototype of ... that . the first one I have make . it , uh ... it work , but it 's clunky . I call they telepod . they be control by this . veronica thank God for that . so , uh , what do they do , the phone booth ? brundle telepod . uh okay . I need a object . um ... say , do you have something , uh , on you that 's ... uh , personal ... that I could use ? something uniquely you ? uh ... a item of clothing or jewelry ? veronica what , be you kid ? brundle no , I be serious . veronica okay . here go . Veronica remove she stock and hand it to brundle . brundle I do not wear jewelry . brundle it 's nice . brundle place the stock into a pod and close the door . he then go back to the computer and speak into the microphone . brundle uh ... brundle , Seth . computer ( relaying and testing brundle 's voice pattern ) uh , brundle , Seth . uh , brundle , Seth . uh , brundle , Seth . brundle begin teleportation sequence . the computer go through it 's teleportation protocol and the pod contain the stock flash , this flash be repeat by the second pod on the opposite side of the room . brundle well ? veronica great . the world 's large microwave oven . i- I be glade I do not give you my rolex . if I have rolex . brundle no , you be miss the point . look . Veronica glace at the Computer , which read " teleportation successful . " veronica teleportation ? brundle lead ronnie to the second pod where she discover the stock . veronica oh ... wait a minute . be that a hologram ? where 's my stock ? brundle that 's it . the real one . go ahead , pick it up . Veronica reach in and retrieve the stock . veronica I do not think I get it . what happen ? brundle you get it , all right . you just can not handle it . um ... you stock have just be teleport ... from one pod ... to another . uh , disintegrated ... there and re-integrated there . mmm , sort of . it will change the world as we know it , right ? as she speak , Veronica pull a dictaphone from she pocket and begin recording the conversation . veronica oh , no ! this be , uh ... this be incredible ! I mean , it 's not possible , be it ? how have you manage to keep this quiet ? brundle please sit down . the enter the kitchen area and Veronica sit down at the table . brundle begin work with he cappuchino machine . veronica how could you do this alone ? brundle well , I do not work alone . there 's a lot of stuff in there I do not even understand . I be really , uh ... a system management man . I farm ... bit and piece , uh , out to guy who be much more brilliant than I be . I say ... " build I a laser this , design I a molecular analyzer that , " and they do , and I just stick them together . but , uh , none of they know what the project really be . so ... brundle show off the eagle from he cappuchino machine . veronica wow ! and , uh , the money ? bartok Science industry finance this ? brundle mm-hmm , but th-they leave I alone ‘cause I be not expensive . and , uh , they know they will end up own it all , whatever it be . so ... veronica you have not tell they ? brundle when I be ready . veronica oh ... wait a second . the tape on Veronica 's dictaphone have run out , so she begin to change side . brundle what 's that ? what be you do ? veronica well ... you want I to get the quote right , do not you ? brundle quote ? no , no . I think this be personal . you can not write about this . veronica what be you talk about ? I be a journalist . brundle oh , no , no , no , ..! veronica you know that . brundle uh ... I be sorry . I apologize . I make a mistake . I should not have show you this . I be very , very sorry . veronica listen ... particle magazine send I to that party to get a story . and this be the most exciting thing ... I have ever see . brundle no , no ! absolutely not . in fact , I be gonna have to ask you for that . please . tape , veronica hey , you can not do that ! brundle do not you dare write a story ! I would never have tell and of this stuff to a journalist . veronica but you do tell this stuff to a journalist . Veronica begin to exit the lab . brundle well , yeah , in a way I suppose i do , but that ... veronica you sure do . brundle now wait a minute , wait a minute ! wait ! come here ! what about you ... stock ! veronica keep it for good luck . Veronica leave Seth stand alone in he lab . int . stathis' office Veronica be sit with stathis borans , she editor . they listen to the tape . veronica well ... that 's it . what do you think ? stathis it 's a joke . veronica what ? stathis he 's con you . oh , it 's a old nightclub routine . the two cabinet . and you fall for it . veronica wait a minute . that be no nightclub . stathis 's phone ring . stathis be we have lunch ? veronica listen , that be no nightclub routine ! I be there ! I see it ! stathis talk to he assistant over the phone . stathis yeah ? sure ... send he in . you must have make a impression . veronica what do you mean ? stathis you magician have follow you here . stathis' assistant show Seth in . stathis I be stathis boran . I be the editor of particle magazine . brundle uh , Seth brundle . uh ... stathis oh , I know who you be ... uh , listen , uh ... why do not you two use my office ? I have gotta run . if you plan to make anything disappear , please ... let I know . I have get a assistant editor who 's outlive he usefulness . stathis leave . brundle you do not waste any time . veronica I be not get any young . brundle he do not seem , he be not impressed by you tape ? veronica he think you be a con man . brundle excellent ! veronica yeah ? well let 's see what the people at omni think about it . brundle no , no ! uh , listen , Veronica ... I have come here to say one magic word to you . veronica yeah ? brundle cheeseburger . int . a fast food resturant - day in a busy fast food restaurant , we close in on brundle and Veronica , who be sit eat and converse . brundle I have be work alone too long . I have a strong urge , uh , to talk about what I be do . but , um , if this get out now ... Veronica , it will kill I . the bartok people will kill I ... my colleague will kill I . it 's not ready yet . veronica it seem to work okay . brundle no , something important 's miss . beronica yeah ? brundle yeah . veronica which be ? brundle I can only teleport inanimate object . veronica well , what happen when you try to teleport live thing ? brundle not while we be eat . veronica can not be worse than this . listen , you be not do a very good job of convincing I . I think the world should know about it now and I think I should be the one to tell it . brundle you should tell it , but , uh ... not yet . look , what do you get so far ? veronica enough to make you nervous . brundle why not get more ? let I become you major project . I be talk about a book . not a magazine article . follow I and my work day by day in as much detail as you can stand . I do not have a life , so there 's nothing for you to ... interfere with . Research the background . cover the process . the complete record of the most ... earth -shatter invention ever . the one that end all concept of transport , of border and frontier , of time and space . and the book will end ... with I ... transport myself fifteen foot through space from one telepod to another . that 's what 's really miss ... wait for I that long . int . veronica's apartment Veronica enter she apartment and hear the distant sound of a shower from she bathroom . she enter the rooom to discover stathis take a shower . veronica what be you do in my apartment ? stathis I just happen to be in the neighbourhood . felt a bit scummy . Rough day . as Veronica leave she flush the toilet and stathis scream . CUT to : stathis and Veronica in Veronica 's live room . stathis be drying he hair while sit down . veronica how do you get in ? stathis I have a key , remember ? you give it to I . veronica I know I should have change the lock . stathis I know you would not . veronica yeah ? stathis yeah . that 's because ... unconsciously ... you still want I to come back , move in again . veronica no . that 's because , very consciously , I be lazy and disorganize . stathis you new playmate 's a interesting guy . veronica what playmate ? stathis the nightclub act . brundle . veronica yeah ? stathis yeah . yeah , I be wrong . he 's really ... quite brilliant . he be the leader of the F - three - two team . remember that ? a inch away from the Nobel Prize for physics . he be only twenty at the time . veronica um ... I do not even think I be gonna do brundle . I be still consider the psychology today gig . stathis that 's not like you . veronica be you get out or be I ? stathis I will go . I have to put this issue to bed . you want I to come back later and tuck you ... in ? veronica no. Key . stathis I will keep it ... for old time 's sake . veronica you be a petty schmuck ! int . brundle lab brundle be sit type at he Computer as Veronica film he . we see a baboon sit in telepod 1 . brundle finish type . brundle initiate in five second . after 5 second , the baboon teleport into pod 2 . Veronica be still filming as brundle trys to peer through the smoke into the receive pod . suddenly a blood soak paw smashes against the window . Seth reluctantly open the pod to discover the mangle , spasming remain of the die baboon . CUT to : Seth stand behind pod 2 as Veronica focus the camera on he . veronica we have get to do this Seth . talk to the tape , get in the habit . the world will want to know what you be think . brundle fuck be what I be think ! veronica good . the World will want to know that . what else ? why do not it work ? brundle I think it turn the baboon inside out . veronica why ? brundle it can not deal with he flesh . it only seem to work with inanimate object nothing that 's live . it must be my fault . veronica why ? brundle Computers be dumb , they only know what you tell they . I must not know enough about the flesh myself , I be go to have to learn . I do not want to talk anymore . Seth turn and walk away int . brundle bedroom - night brundle be laid out on he bed and Veronica be sit gently sway on a rock chair in the corner of the room . veronica do you ever change you clothes ? brundle what ? veronica you clothes , you be always wear the same clothes . brundle no , this be clean . I change my clothes every day . veronica five set of exactly the same clothes ? brundle order from Einstein . this way I do not have to spend any think on what I be go to wear , I just grab the next set on the rack . veronica I buy some steak . can I make you one ? brundle we could go out ? veronica " cheeseburger " ? brundle no . we do not have to go there . veronica you be very cute , you know that ? brundle be I ? Veronica and brundle begin to kiss . int . brundle bedroom - night we pan in on brundle and Veronica make love on brundle 's bed . brundle lay back on the bed and jump up in pain suddenly . brundle ohh ahh , my back . Veronica examine Seth 's back to discover a small Computer chip stick to it . veronica oh god , something 's stick to you back . brundle well pull it off . Veronica slowly pull out the chip and show it to brundle . veronica sorry . brundle I wonder what happen to that ! veronica do you have any disinfectant ? brundle no , it 's okay . veronica I be go to kiss it for you ! Veronica kiss brundle 's back and playfully bite he arm . veronica I be sorry . I just want to eat you up . you know , that 's why old lady pinch baby cheek . it 's the flesh . it just make you crazy . brundle ronnie , ronnie . you want to try a experiment ? veronica sure . int . brundle kitchen - night brundle eat this . I need a objective opinion . yes ? veronica well , it could use some finesse , but it taste like a steak . brundle okay , now try this , teleport half . veronica be you serious ? a monkey just come apart in there ! brundle baboon . eat . veronica ohh , it taste funny . brundle funny how ? veronica it taste , synthetic . so what have we prove ? brundle the computer be give we it 's interpretation of a steak . it 's translate it for we , it 's re-think it rather than reproduce it , and something 's get lose in the translation . veronica me. I be lose . brundle the flesh . it should make the computer crazy , like that old lady pinching baby . but it do not , not yet . I have not tought it to be make crazy by the flesh , the poultry , the steak . so I be go to start teach it now ! int . a clothes shop - day Veronica pick put a leather jacket . when she walk over to the counter , she spot stathis spying on she . veronica what be you do here ? stathis I follow you . " psychology today " my ass . you stay with brundle all night . why do not I believe you ? I wonder . stathis take the jacket . stathis oh yeah . I think he would look great in this , do not you ? I mean , for you " time Magazine " cover , you have get to look good right ? veronica do not you get it ? I be finally onto something that 's big . huge . stathis oh yeah ? what ? his cock ? veronica crude stathis . very crude . stathis too perfect to believe ! you be a goddess ! thank you for make my most paranoid fantasy come true ! veronica I do not have to report to you , you creep ! stathis ronnie ! you have get to talk to I ! veronica I do not have to do anything ! we be finish , remember ? I will spend the night anywhere I damn well please . Veronica walk away and pay for the jacket . veronica sorry . I will take this too . int . brundle lab - night brundle be mid way through teleport another baboon . Veronica film as the baboon bounce out of pod 2 , and into brundle 's arm brundle I think it 's time for champagne . CUT to : brundle and Veronica be sit near the piano drink and celebrate . veronica oh god Seth . it 's really happen . you do it . you will never have to get car sick again ! brundle or air sick , or sea sick . veronica I know , I know . or tricycle sick ! what 's next ? brundle we will send the baboon out for test , see if he 's really okay . veronica how long will that take ? brundle could be week . veronica really ? brundle yeah . why ? veronica well I be think , that we could take a holiday . brundle we could ? veronica yeah . like a old marry couple . Old man 's get a couple of week off so they go to Florida . someplace warm . just the two of we ? brundle just you and I ? veronica yeah , why ? be there someone else you be think of bring along ? brundle no , no . be this a romance we be have , be that what it be ? veronica yeah , could be a romance . brundle oh I have a great idea , do you like chinese food ? brundle walk over to he desk and pick up the phone . veronica yes . brundle we be go to have a very romantic dinner right here . veronica hey what 's this ? Veronica pick up a folder with the word " from the desk of stathis boran " on it . brundle oh yeah , from you editor . I be sorry , someone slip it under the door . hello Victor , yeah it 's Seth brundle . oh yeah , I will wait . Veronica open the folder to discover a mock " particle Magazine " cover , with a picture of brundle , two telepod and the word " teleportation : a reality ? " and " Seth brundle , youthful father of a new age . veronica oh no . brundle what ? veronica oh nothing , it 's just personal bullshit . brundle I think old marry couple share all they personal bullshit , that 's how they stay old and marry . veronica listen Seth , do not rush it . brundle what be you talk about " rush it " ? veronica look , I have to go out for a few hour . brundle now ? no , ronnie ! spicy Egg plant , the champagne ! veronica just for a few hour . I still have the residue of another life , you know , I have to scrape it off my shoe and get rid of it once and for all . Veronica leave and someone answer the phone to Seth . brundle hi . int . stathis' office - night Veronica enter stathis 's office , and throw the folder onto he desk veronica what 's this suppose to mean ? stathis it mean that I be you editor and I be shaping you material into a story . veronica you be the one who tell I there be no story . you say brundle be a con man . stathis I have decide to trust you journalistic instinct . veronica thanks very much . but this be not you story . it 's mine . stathis say who ? I send you to the bartok party to see what you could find . you discovery be my discovery . I have a lot of background on brundle . he 's be work on this thing for 6 year . there 's material out there if you dig deep . I dig . veronica stathis . everything that have to do with transportation will become obsolete . and I be right there in the middle of it . the only recorder of the event from the inside - out . stathis okay . okay . look , keep I inform ? as a friend ? as a professional confidant ? veronica that 's all ? stathis I do not want you to disappear from my life . veronica okay . stathis what about sex ? I be not say love , or affection . just stress relieving sex . you and I . veronica you be disgusting . as always . stathis would not want to disappoint you . int . brundle's lab - night brundle be stand drink and talk to the baboon , who be sit in the chair . brundle residue mean she old boyfriend . stathis boran be she old boyfriend . " from the desk of stathis boran " . how about " under the desk of stathis boran . " ? she 's work for she old boyfriend . now she run out late to see he . what be this , " the ronnie game " ? I be catch on , I be catch on . I do not mean to kill you brother . but he do not die in vain , if that 's of any comfort . and as the general say ; " there 's nothing I would ask you to that I would not do myself boy . " hey you be alright . look at you I can tell you be okay . what be we wait for ? let 's do it . brundle slam down he glass and head for the computer . CUT to : the timer begin to countdown as brundle enter the telepod . he sit face the door and fail to notice a small house fly enter the pod with he . the door shoot and lock . the baboon jump up and over to the pod , it peer through at brundle , who smile and reach out . the fly , meanwhile rest in the view port , safe out of reach . the telepod boot up and brundle prepare himself . suddenly , the fly move out of the port and into the pod . brundle be teleport . the baboon shift it 's gaze of pod 2 , from where brundle emerge . into brundle 's arm jump the baboon . brundle how're you do ? now you tell I . be I different somehow ? be it live or be it memorex ? it 's too bad ronnie miss it . int . brundle bedroom - night Veronica enter the bedroom and sit next to brundle , who wake . brundle I miss you last night . veronica it 's still night . I come back . you have to celebrate without I . I be sorry brundle I go through last night . veronica you go through ? without testing the baboon ? brundle i- i- I be ... drunk . I be a bit upset . veronica you could have kill yourself ! brundle be you sleep with stathis boran ? brundle wrap the sheet around himself and stand up . veronica what be you talk about ? brundle I - i- I do not know . i- I just , um , get that feel . veronica that 's why you be upset ? brundle I get jealous . brundle take a seat in the kitchen and Veronica sit on he lap . veronica oh , god. Seth ... you do not have to be jealous . he 's a old boy ... friend . he be teach at college . I be a science major . he get I start in journalism . brundle be he still in love with you ? veronica how could he not be ? hey ... wh- what about we deal ? you go through and I be not there . brundle do not worry . I tape it for you . veronica you do ? brundle yeah . they begin kissing and Veronica slide she hand down he back , she do not notice the small hair that be beginning to protude from the cut in he back . int . brundle lab - day brundle and Veronica be laid next to each other in bed . they both appear to be asleep . suddenly brundle hand reach out and grab the air . brundle open he eye and he fist to see that he catch a house fly . he look around , then get out of bed . CUT to : time pass and Veronica wake up . she slip on a shirt and go into the lab . she sit down and watch as brundle excersise on a chait . he use he hand on the arm to lift himself up and down . he then go over to a steel bar which stretch across part of the lab and swing back and forth on it . he appear to be very energetic and experience at what he be do . he lift himself up , and then swing back down onto the floor . he turn around to see Veronica , who stand up and rest she hand on brundle 's chest . CUT to : t.v. image from time to time we cut to the live ( film ) version of this same image . when we be live , we also see reaction from Veronica . brundle be be interview in close - up ; veronica speak off-camera . veronica ( oc : we have just see the first teleportation of a human be . Dr. Seth brundle , how do it feel go through ? what do it feel like ? brundle ( on tape : it feel like a stutter . veronica : a what ? brundle : a stutter . a hiccup . a slight dislocation of my physical life . not unpleasant . just a little interuption of rhythym . for a second I think it do not work . I think I be in the same telepod I start out in . veronica ( oc ) : and do you feel at all different ? brundle ( on tape ) : a little ... unbalance . that 's all . veronica ( oc ) : and now ? brundle ( on tape ) I should feel exactly the same as before , but I do not . I be not complain . I feel very co-ordinate . and very energize . I feel as though I work better , physically . everthing seem to just - work together better than it ever do before . veronica ( oc ) : why should that be ? brundle ( on tape ) : it 's possible that the teleporter have somehow ... improve I . veronica ( oc ) : but that 's fantastic ! how be it possible ? brundle ( on tape ) : in reassembling I it might have - this be just a guess - but it might have just - see where thing could be improve - theoretically , and it do it . I tell it to be creative , and I guess it have be . veronica ( oc ) : could this ever be dangerous ? brundle : well , it 's certainly unexpected . the monkey have not show any change from they norm . we will see when they come back from testing . veronica : you still have not answer I . could this ever be dangerous ? brundle ( on tape ) : it feel too perfect to be dangerous . veronica : you like the way it feel ? brundle ( on tape ) : yes , I do . ( big smile ) want to try it ? CUT to : cu veronica live . she shake she head " no " . ext . the street - day brundle and Veronica walk down the busy street . they stop at a small jeweller in a market and brundle pick out a neckelace for Veronica . int . coffee shop - day Veronica and brundle be sit opposite each other in a small coffee shop . brundle so , I ask the computer if it improve I and it say it do not know what I be talk about . and that 's make I think very carefully about what I have be feel , and why . and I be beginning to think that the sheer process of be take apart atom by atom and put back together again , why it 's like coffee be put through a filter . it 's somehow a purify process . it 's purify I , it 's cleanse I . and I tell you , I think it 's go to allow I to realise the personal potential , I have be neglect all this year . that I have be obsessively pursue goal after goal . Veronica notice that brundle have fill he cup almost to the top with sugar . veronica do you normally take coffee with you sugar ? brundle what ? heh . you know I just do not think I have ever give I , a chance to be I . but , of course interestingly , and the exact same moment that I achieve what will probably prove to be my life 's work , that 's the moment when I start be the real I finally . listen , not to wax messianic . it may be true that the synchronicity of that two event might blur the resultant individual effect of either individual . but it be nevertheless it be also certainly true , I will say now however subjectively ; that human teleportation , molecular decimation , breakdown and reformation be inherently purging . it make a man a King . from the moment I walk out of the pod I feel like a million buck . you know , I think I be gonna have a cemoli after all . waiter ! I mean , what a accomplishment . but , what have I really do ? all I have do be say to the world , " let go , move . catch I if you can " . waiter . Jesus Christ ! int . brundle lab - day we pan through brundle 's lab to discover brundle and Veronica make love on the couch . Veronica be half wear a dress gown . veronica how ? how can you keep go ? you can not have ... have any fluid leave in you body . we have be do this for hour . brundle uhhhh , I be not ready to quit yet . hey , come on . veronica ] no. brundle come on . Veronica move she hand down brundle 's back and find think hair protrude from the cut in he back , leave by the computer chip . veronica what 's this ? brundle it 's a attempt to distract I , that 's what it be . veronica no , really , what be it ? it 's like , hair or something . brundle I do not know . it 's ... it happen when you get older . weird hair configuration . I do not know . veronica they be really coarse . bruncle well , I have never really be hairy enough . you know what I mean ? always too ... boyish . I be look forward to a hairy body . veronica no , I ... brundle it 's one of the compensation of old age . come here . where be you go ? veronica no , let I go . Veronica stand up and wrap the dress gown around she . she stand up and go into the kitchen . brundle put underwear on and get some ice cream from the freezer . he sit down and begin eat . Veronica , use a pair of scissors , try to cut the hair from he back . brundle okay . hey , hey , hey ! not my new hair . what be you do ? veronica relax , brundle . I do not really think you want a body cover with this . God ! they're ... really tough . suddenly , brundle drop the spoon and stand up . as he talk he walk with ronnie towards the telepod . brundle listen ... I want you to go through . I want to teleport you as soon as possible . right now ! you will feel incredible . ronnie ... I hardly need to sleep anymore and I feel wonderful . it 's like a drug , but a perfectly pure and benign drug . the power I feel surging inside I ! and I will not be able to wear you out . we will be the perfect couple . the dynamic duo ! come on , right now ! veronica no ! hey , wait ! do not give I that born-again teleportation rap . i- I tell you I be scared to do it ! what more do I have to say ? I be ... not gonna do it !!! Veronica pull herself away . brundle you be a fuck drag , you know that ? veronica something go wrong , Seth . when you go through , something go wrong . brundle no ? not you ? if you be too chickenshit to be a member of the dynamic duo club , okay then , great . I will find somebody else . somebody who can keep up with I . veronica Seth , you have to listen to I . brundle get dress and head for the door . brundle you be afraid to dive into the plasma pool , be not you ? you be afraid to be destroy and recreate , be not you ? I will bet you think that you wake I up about the flesh , do not you ? but you only know society 's straight line about the flesh . you can not penetrate beyond society 's sick gray fear of the flesh ! drink deep or taste not the plasma spring ! you see what I be say ? I be not just talk about sex and penetration , I be talk about penetration beyond the veil of the flesh ! a deep , penetrate dive into the plasma pool ! brundle leave Veronica stand shocked in the lab . as he walk down the corridor he jump up and hit a light shade . ext . the street - night brundle walk down the street , from he pocket he pull a chocolate bar which he begin to eat . int . a bar - night brundle enter the bar. sitting at the bar itself be tawny , meanwhile marky and man in bar be armwrestle . brundle I will have a scotch . who 's win ? tawny I do not know . I hope it 's marky . brundle how come ? tawny because ; I like marky tonight . brundle well , I like you tonight . maybe I should get involved in this too . marky hey pal . you be disturbing we . brundle I get a hundred buck say I can beat either one of you . marky take a hike , asshole ! brundle here . here 's my hundred . and , I get to take the lady home for the night if I win . tawny say who ? do I look like a hooker to you ? marky hey tawny , it 's a easy hundred . come on pal , let 's get it over with . man in bar you better watch out . he eat chocolate bar . marky yeah , so I notice . brundle and marky start the armwrestle . marky begin to look worried and a white pus seem to be come from brundle 's hand . with a flip of he hand , brundle snap the bone in marky 's wrist . brundle stand up , grab tawny , and leave . ext . the street - night brundle and tawny walk down the street chat . tawny be you a body builder or something ? brundle yeah I build body . I take they apart and then I put they back together again . tawny why , you certainly take marky apart . brundle let 's go back to my place . tawny you place ? yeah well , I live with my mother anyway . but can we maybe go to a few more bar first ? it 's a little too early to quit . brundle sure a few more bar . ext . brundle lab - early morning a taxi pull up outside brundle 's lab . from it emerge brundle and tawny . int . brundle lab - early morning brundle and tawny be walk up the stair to brundle 's apartment . tawny sit on the step . tawny great place . there 's no elevator . I can not make it . brundle oh there 's a elevator . brundle pick tawny up . brundle there . do not you feel elevate ? brundle run at a fast , continuous pace up the stair with tawny in he arm . tawny woah ! int . brundle lab - early morning while tawny watch , brundle teleport himself . he emerge naked and stand before tawny . tawny wow . be you some sort of a magician ? brundle yes . brundle lay on tawny and begin to kiss she . int . brundle lab - day tawny and Seth be Sat on Seth 's bed . tawny appear to be rather laid back but brundle be the opposite ; he be hunch over and have a tight look on hide face . tawny so , be we go to breakfast or not ? brundle it 's you turn . tawny to do what ? brundle I want you to go through . tawny no . I do not want to try that . brundle why not ? it will make you feel sexy tawny I already feel sexy . how about ... a nice alcohol rub ? tawny pour some alchohol onto she hand but brundle knock the bottle onto the floor . brundle do not do that , it hurt ! brundle sorry hon ' . I do not know you have the skin of a princess . you be real sensitive huh ? tawny try to massage brundle 's back , but he pull she away and try to drag she into the lab area . he do not realise that Veronica have enter the lab . brundle okay , okay ! now you be go to like it ! tawny I do not want to ! I be afraid ! brundle do not be afraid ! veronica no . be afraid . be very afraid . tawny who 's this ? brundle oh , I forget to tell you , I live with my mother , too . mum , meet tawny . tawny I gotta go . thanks for a wonderful time . tawny pick up she clothes and leave . brundle why would you scare she off ? jealous ? veronica you be change . Seth . everything about you be change . you look bad . you smell bad . brundle I have never be much of a bather . veronica that ... weird hair that be grow out of you back , I take they to a lab . I have they analyze . brundle the hair ? oh ... yeah , that 's a strange thing to do . veronica not as strange as the result . the guy at the lab have trouble identify they . he finally come to the conclusion ... that they be definitely not human . brundle oh ! very good . veronica not human ... Seth . in fact ... very likely insect hair . brundle that 's silly . that 's ridiculous . veronica look . now there 's more . uh , look at you face ! something happen when you go through , Seth . you have get to get some help . I think you must be sick . brundle you be jealous !!! I have become free , I have be release , and you can not stand it ! you will so anything to bring I down . look at I . do this look sick ? do this look like a sick man to you ? brundle start punch a support beam attatch to the corner of the wall . as he punch it part of it exlode out , and buckle . veronica no! stop it ! brundle do you know any sick man who can do that ? come here ! brundle pull Veronica and throw she out of the door . veronica no ... Seth ! brundle the deal be off ! I do not need you anymore . veronica no , wait ! Seth , please , wait ! Seth ! brundle pull the door shut and lock it . brundle do not come back ! veronica oh , God ! oh , my God . we stay with Veronica as she slowly walk down the corridor . CUT to : brundle enter he bathroom and seem worried when he examine himself in the mirror . he try to shave with a electric razor , which hurt so brundle throw it into the bath and destroy it . he then look back in the mirror and bite he nail , which come off in he tooth , he squeeze the end which project a white liquid onto the mirror . he then pull another nail off before sit on the rim of he bath tub . brundle be I die ? be this how it start , be I die ? CUT to : brundle be sit at he computer with a pair of glove on . brundle give I a disc . I need the first teleportation : S. brundle the computer show the log of Seth 's first teleportation , which also show a second object in the telepod . when brundle ask what the secondary object be , the computer reply " secondary element be ..... not - brundle " . brundle run sequence . the computer run through several scan of the " secondary element " , and it become clear that it be a fly . brundle ask the computer , through type , what happen to the fly . the Computer soon respond with , " Fusion " . brundle finally ask if he absorb and assimilate the fly . the Computer tell he ; " negative , Fusion of brundle and fly at molecular genetic level . " int . ronnie apartment - night veronica hello ? brundle ( mumble ) veronica Seth ! Seth , I have be try to reach you . where be you ? brundle for the last four week I have be afraid to see you . now , I be afraid not to . veronica where be you ? be you at home ? brundle Veronica . you do not know how right you be . I have get , much much worse . please come see I . please come now . int . brundle lab - night Veronica enter the Lab , which appear to be empty . veronica Seth ? I be here . suddenly brundle jump out from behind the prototype telepod , which be now expose . brundle stop ! veronica Seth ! Seth brundle , now walk on cane , show himself after a month of self induce insolation . he be much worse than when we last meet he and alot of he hair have fall out . his skin have a gray colour to it and be cover in small lump and spot . he wear glove . brundle you be right . I be disease and , uh ... it might be contagious somehow . I would not want to infect you . and it 's be accelerate . it 's unrelent . every time I look in the mirror , there 's someone different , someone hideous , repulsive . veronica what happen ? brundle I know a old lady who swallow a fly perhaps she will die . veronica Seth ... please . brundle I be not pure . the teleporter insist on inner purity . I be not pure . veronica I do not know what you mean . brundle a fly get into the transmitter pod with I that first time when i be alone . uh , the computer get confuse ; there be not suppose to be two separate genetic pattern and it decide to splice we together . it mate we , I and the fly . we have not even be properly introduce . my teleporter turn she into a gene splicer . and a very good one . now I be not Seth brundle anymore . I be the offspring of , um , brundle and housefly . veronica oh , God ! Veronica move closer to brundle , who jump up from he seat . brundle no . veronica oh , God ! brundle please . veronica Seth ! brundle you look so pretty . veronica what will happen ? brundle sit back down in another chair . brundle oh , I think it 's show itself as a bizarre form of cancer . veronica what ? brundle and general cellular chaos and revolution . I be , just gonna have to disintegrate . in a novel way , no doubt . and then I will die . and then it will be all over . veronica no , no , no . I do not accept that . there must be something we can do , you know , somebody we can go to , test that can be do . brundle no ! um , I will not be just another tumorous bore talk endlessly about he hair fall out and he lose lymph node . veronica well , then what do you want I to do ? why do you call I ? brundle pick up a donut and vomit a white liquid over it . Veronica utter a small scream and put she hand over she mouth . brundle oh , that 's disgusting . he put the donut down and touch he ear , which fall onto the floor . brundle my ear , no ! I be scared . Seth and veronic hug . brundle help I . please , please help I . int . stathis' office - day stathis and Veronica be sit in stathis ;s office talk . Veronica seem very tired and wear out . stathis do not go back to he . veronica that 's it ? that 's you advice ? stathis he 's right , do not you see . it could be contagious . it could turn into a epidemic . veronica I have to go back to he . stathis I do not believe this . veronica if you could see how scared , and angry and desperate he be ... stathis I be sure typhoid Mary be a very nice person too , when you see she socially . listen , I do not want . veronica I do not care what you want ! stathis alright ! Fine ! do I have permission to clean you body when this be all over ? veronica oh god ... stathis look , how about this - you say " if only I see he " . show I . tape he , show I . let I think about it . I will come up with something . int . brundle lab - day we see from the roof as Veronica enter the Lab . veronica Seth ? Seth ? brundle no , no . up here . veronic be shocked to look up and see brundle walk on all four on the ceiling . he move very well and seem quite use to it . brundle I have get pretty good at it have not I ? you know it 's almost second nature . stop bite my nail . oh look at this , what 's this ? I do not know . I seem to be stricken by a disease with a purpose would not you say ? maybe not such a bad purpose after all . veronica I can not stay . brundle be now horizontal and stick to the door . he jump down and walk close to Veronica . brundle why not ? why can not you ? veronica I can not take it . it 's too much . brundle what 's there to take ? the disease have just reveal it 's purpose . we do not have to worry about contagion anymore , I know what the disease want . veronica what do the disease want ? brundle it want to turn I into something else . that 's not too terrible be it ? most people would give anything to be turn into something else . veronica turned into what ? brundle what do you think a fly ? be I become a hundred and eighty five pound fly ? no , I be become something that 's never exist before . I be become " brundlefly " , do not you think that 's worth a Nobel prize or two ? here . brundle bring the camera near to the table in front of Veronica . brundle I be go to give a demonstration that I think you will want to record for prosperity . brundle throw alot of the rubbish off of the table and sit in front of the camera . brundle I think we must chronicle the life and time of brundlefly , do not you ? at the very least it should make a fabulous , Children 's book . you seem tired . you get I there ? how do brundlefly eat ? well , he find out the very hard and painful way that he eat very much the same way a fly eat . his tooth be now useless because although he can chew up solid food , he can not digest it , solid food hurt . so like a fly , brundlefly break down the solid with a corrosive enzyme , pleasurably call " vomit drop " . he regurgitate on he food , it liquify , and then he suck it back up . you ready for a demonstration kid ? here go ... int . veronicas apartment - night we see brundle on the screen in Veronica 's apartment as stathis watch it . stathis my God . my god. suddenly Veronica enter and go straight down the corridor in tear . stathis hey , ronnie . ronnie ? stathis follow and discover she sit down cry . he kneel down next to she . stathis what be it ? veronica I be pregnant . stathis no !? oh no ... veronica I be pregnant with Seth 's baby . stathis what do you want to do ? veronica I do not know . I just , I do not know ... int . brundle lab - night we be close on brundle 's finger as they dance over the key of the computer keyboard . brundle have cut the finger off a pair of yellow rubber kitchen glove and jamme they down over he fingertip , so that he finger will not stick to the keyboard . cu monitor which read : gene-splicing program now in place telepod 1 : transmitter pod subject a telepod 2 : transmitter pod subject B telepod 3 : receiver pod for genetically fuse a-b combination subject we pull back to see that in front of brundle and he keyboard stand not two , but three telepod , the third one of a somewhat older and more handbuilt vintage than the other two - the original prototype telepod which have be sit in a corner of the lab under a tarpaulin and be notice by Veronica on she first visit to the lab . in telepod a sit a monkey , in telepod B a alley cat . telepod C , the old prototype receiver , be empty . brundle operate the machine . the monitor say , ready for fusion brundle press the accept button . the telepod go through they normal disintegration routine as the animal ' outline appear on the monitor in split screen fashion . but now , as the reintegration process begin , a stream of data concern this new experiment , the fusion of monkey and cat , flood the screen . the basic message that get across to we through all the hi-tech compu-talk be : percentage of monkey-63 percentage of cat -37 this number fluctuate as the machine try to strike a molecular balance between the two creature . finally , a outline of the fuse creature begind to form on the screen . brundle look up to see the actual creature form , and it be indeed grotesque : two head - one monkey , one cat - at odd angle to each other , six leg which be not quite symmetrically place on the monkey torso , cat tail . as the creature solidify and the light go off , it sit there in the telepod for a moment , half - recline as though crippled . brundle get up , go to the third telepod , and with great apprehension , open the door . the thing just sit there , slump for a beat , then suddenly leap up at he , its two head shreiking ! it jump on he arm , cling , snarling , then drop to the floor . the two head begin to bite each other , blood begin to flow - the thing now run around in mad floppy circle , smear blood everywhere . brundle be horrify . he grab a metal rod lean in a corner and begin to smash at the deform thing . he keep smash at it until it stop its hideous screeching and lie dead , mangle on the floor . brundle wrap it up in a towel and throw it into the refrigerator . he draw the old tear sheet over the third telepod so he do not have to look at it again . back at the monitor , the screen be flash the word : fusion successful receiver telepod 3 brundle put he face in he hand for a few moment , then pull himself together . he pull the rubber fingertip off he finger and throw they to the ground . brundle have now develop some insect - like tics and mannerism , he head twitching with nervous little jerk and he long finger in constant motion . we see clearly now that all of brundle 's fly characteristic have be accentuate even further . the metallic-green hair which completely cover he face be much thicker than before , and the hernia-like bulge in he side be more protuberant now , stretch to the burst point and obviously cause brundle some pain . brundle look at the skylight . the sky be clear , the moon be a scimitar . on a impulse , he jump up on the wall , stick there for a beat . then , with incredible agility , he ascend the wall , cross the celing toward the skylight . on the ceiling brundle glide on all four , upside down , towards the skylight . once there , he crawl into it and open it up . ext . lab rooftop -night brundle clamber out of the skylight onto the roof . the night be gorgeous , clean and bright , the sky pack with star . brundle breathes deeply . he be still alive , be not he ? he can still respond to the beauty of the night , can not he ? ext . montage - brundle's travel - night we follow brundle on he solitary sojourn in a montage sequence . he climb wall with amazing ability , leap from rooftop to rooftop , hang upside down from ledge and lamppost , eavesdropp on the city life around and below he , the inhabitant unaware of the unusual and shadowy observer in they midst . he scurries along the girder of a bridge , gaze down on the traffic and the river below he . this moment should be poetic , even beautiful , joyous . the moon be luminous , the dark night exquisite . resigned to he fate and momentarily forgetful of he future , brundle seem to be reveling in he unique power . a brief euphoric fling . dissolve to : brundle leap across a narrow alleyway to the wall of the building opposite he . he smile with smug satisfaction at he feat , then suddenly wince , grab he side with one of he hand . we hear a cracking , splitting SOUND . brundle muffle a startle cry , and lose he balance , slide several foot down the wall before regain hold . he look down at the huge bulge in he side and see that it be start to split open ! brundle be horrify and in pain . he start to quickly move down the side of the building but the pain impede he progress . he manage to get down at least another floor before he 's hit with another sharp pain . he double up and he tenuous grip on the wall cause he to slide another several foot downward before he regains he grip . the side be gape wide now and something be start to protrude . brundle be in shock . another ripple of pain cause he to release he grasp entirely and he fall to the ground in a dirty narrow alley , where he writhes in pain , as a strange , hairy sticklike appendage --actually the beginnings of a flylike leg -- begin to unfold awkwardly out of he side . despite he excrutiate pain , brundle watch with fixate , wide - eye terror at he latest transformation ! the insect leg now begin to probe around , function like a real leg , almost with a mind of its own . grotesque as brundle have become , he can not accept the next step towards real insectness which this new leg represent . he scream at the leg . brundle ( scream at the leg ) no ! no , I will not ! I will not , I will not , I will not ..! brundle grab at the leg , hold it , subdue it and then begin to gnaw at it with he tooth at its base , twist himself into a agonize ball in order to do it . the leg begin to lever at he back , small hooklike protrusion all along its underside catch in the flesh of brundle 's back , tear it in protest against brundle 's attempt at amputation . finally , brundle have severe the leg with he tooth . the leg drop off leave a strand or two of stringy gristle hang from the knobby stump in brundle 's side . the leg twitches on the ground , try to extend itself . brundle look at the leg in shock , he eye craze , like a animal who have be catch in a leg-trap and have have to gnaw off the leg to be free . brundle try to steady himself , then stagger away down the alley . as he go , he wipe the insect blood from he lip with he two forearm in exactly the same way that fly clean they face . ext . the hospital - day Veronica be wheeled into a Hospital with stathis by she side int . the hospital - day Veronica , with stathis still by she side , be wheeled down a corridor by a orderly . veronica stathis , I be scared . stathis it 's go to be all right ronnie . it 's go to be fine . veronica I do not think I want to loose it . be there something wrong with I ? why be I loose it ? stathis it 's better this way ronnie , you will see . it 's the best thing that could happen . int . operating room - day Veronica be laid on the table surround by nurse , as well as stathis and the gynacologist . gynacologist okay , she 's expel it . yeah it 's come out . I do not even think we be go to have to go in . nurse it 's go to be easy . do not worry , honey . veronica no. please , no . gynacologist it will be over soon . here we go . just need suction here , a little suction . suction . hold it . hold on a minute . there 's more in here . veronica there 's more ? gynacologist yeah . I mean a lot more . okay . you be go to have to help we . come on , you can push . you can push it out ! gynacologist you can push it out . you can push it out . give we a push . the gynacologist hold up a disgusting maggot- like creature that Veronica have give birth to . veronica no! no ! ah! no! noooo ! CUT to : Veronica wakj up in bed scream ; it be a dream . she pull the cover over herself . int . brundle lab - night brundle be stand at he computer type . after read the display text regard a cure by gene - splice brundle ask for information : brundle I want a disk . give I preliminary integration . the computer scroll " Voice not recognise down the side of the screen " brundle stop it and bite on he pencil , which cause he front tooth to fall out onto the keyboard . he count he tooth with he tounge and sigh . CUT to : brundle stumble into the bathroom and open he medicine cabinet , which be full of body part which have fall off . brundle talk to he tooth before confind they to the cabinet . brundle you be relic . yes you be . vestigial , archeological , redundant . artifact of a bygone era . of historical interest only . as brundle close the cabinet , he catch sight of Veronica , who have enter the Lab and be stand opposite brundle , with brundle 's bedroom in between they . brundle you have miss some good moment . be that why you be here ? to catch up ? veronica I want brundle my tooth have begin to fall out . the ... medicine cabinet 's now the brundle Museum of Natural History . do you want to see what else be in it ? veronica no . brundle then ... what do you want ? veronica I come to tell you ... uh ... I , uh , I just ... I want to see you ... before ... brundle you have to leave now ... and never come back here . have you ever hear of ... insect politics ? neither have i. insect ... do not have politics . they be very brutal . no compassion , no compromise . we can not trust the insect . I would like to become ... the first insect politician . you see , I would like to , um ... but , ... I be afraid of ... veronica I do not know what you be try to say . brundle step forward , Veronica take a step back and brundle gaze up through the skylight . brundle I be say ... I be say I - I be a insect ... who dreamt he be a man ... and love it . but now the dream be over ... and the insect be awake . veronica no ... no , Seth ... brundle I be say ... I will hurt you if you stay . Veronica leave and brundle begin to cry . ext . brundle lab - night Veronica run cry out of the lab . she be meet by stathis , who stand by the car . veronica let 's go ! let 's do it now ! stathis now ? wait , what do he say ? veronica I could not tell he ! let 's go , damn it ! stathis no ! I think we should wait a few day , i do not think you be in the right frame of mind . veronica no ! I want it out of my body now ! you should have see he , there could be anything in here ! in I ! in my body ! stathis I do not know if I can arrange it now , right now , tonight . why do we have to run around in the dark like a couple of ... veronica because I do not want it in my body ! do you understand I ? I do not want it in my body ! as Veronica and stathis drive off , we cut up to see brundle watch from the rooftop . he move away into the shadow . int . dr . cheever office - night dr cheever be sit at he desk , while Veronica stare out of the window . stathis stand behind she . cheever well , okay , what 's the story ? stathis she 's pregnant and she want to have a abortion . cheever in the middle of the night ? stathis we have good reason to believe that this child will be deform . cheever yes , but in the middle of the night ? stathis look Brent , please . cheever be it you child ? stathis no , it 's the ... it 's the child of a man who be deform . cheever listen , I do not mean to interfere , but I detect a certain ... uncertainty here . you know there be test we can do that determine whether or not ... veronica I do not want test do . test can not guarantee anything . the baby could start off normal then become ... I want a abortion , I will do it myself if I have to . CUT to : the operating room cheever okay if you can just slip into that , we will be on we way in no time . stathis and cheever go into the other room , leave Veronica alone . suddenly brundle jump through the window and walk towards Veronica . veronica wait , Seth . no ! brundle pick up Veronica and run back out . stathis run into the room just in time to glimple brundle escape with Veronica . ext . a rooftop - night brundle slowly put Veronica down , and the talk . brundle why do you want to kill brundle ? the baby might be all that 's leave of the real I . please do not kill I . veronica I can not have it . I be afraid . brundle please , have the baby . veronica I can not ! I can not ! brundle too bad . too bad . int . brundle lab - night the door of brundle lab slide open and stathis boran enter . he slide the door shut behind he and we pan around to discover the lab be empty . stathis slowly walk , disgust by he surroundings and the horrific stench of the Lab . CUT to : stathis open he case and reveal a shotgun , which he load and arm himself with . he slowly walk over to brundle 's computer and press a button which bring down the fusion program : telepod 1 : transmitter of subject a telepod 2 : transmitter of subject B telepod 3 : recieve of genetically fuse a-b combination subject . stathis stare at the pod and behind he we glimpse the shadow of brundlefly on the roof above he . brundle drop from the roof scream and knock stathis to the ground . stathis look up and be horrify by brundle 's appearance . he try to shoot , but brundle overpower he and pull he to he foot by clenching he wrist . brundle then proceed to vomit onto stathis 's hand , which melt away as stathis scream . brundle drop stathis to the ground and then repeat the process on stathis 's ankle , to which he then pull away the foot . brundle stand up and raise he head above stathis 's he open he mouth and prepare to vomit on stathis 's face . veronica no! do not ! do not please ! please ... brundle stop and see Veronica scream from the skylight above he . he move quickly across the kitchen and slide up the wall and across the ceiling on all four until he be face Veronica . brundle help I . help I be human . veronica how ? CUT to : brundle , hold onto Veronica , jump down into the lab . he put she down onto she foot and , hold she hand , explain the plan . brundle well . I go there .and , uh you . go there . we come apart , then and then we .come together there . you I and the baby ; together ! brundle start the countdown for the fusion program . veronica no ! brundle we will be the ultimate family . a family of three join together in one body . more human than I be alone . as Veronica try to pull away from brundle , she rip he jaw off and fling it to the floor , scream . this start of a chain reaction as brundle dead outer layer of skin fall away to reveal the inner result of this mutation . brundle throw Veronica into pod 1 and begin to climb into pod 2 . meanwhile , as the computer count down , stathis manage to prop himself up a support beam . when brundle be lock inside the pod , stathis shoot the cable connect Veronica 's pod to the computer , eliminate she from the fusion program . stathis fall to the floor and crawl across to Veronica . brundle , meanwhile try to escape from he pod by punch the glass away . he succeed , but as he open the door and step out , the computer teleport he along with part of the door frame and telepod . Veronica be freed from the pod and she help stathis sit up against pod 2 . she pick up the shotgun as brundle arrive in pod 3 . the door open , and out fall the helpless brundle , physically fuse with part of the door . he slowsly crawl across to Veronica , who be in tear . he slowly place the barrel of the shitgun to he forehead , indicate what he want Veronica to do . veronica no , I can not . brundle voice a slow , painful moan . veronica no , I can not . no ... no , God ! Veronica pull the trigger , kill Seth . she fall to the floor and begin to sob . fade out