lego : the piece of resistance written by Chris Miller &amp ; phil Lord base on the awesome toy by the lego Corporation fade in : on the awesome WB logo make of lego brick . we push through it and find ourselves in a starfield . a comet streak towards we . we follow as it blast past . the ground plane rush up to camera . black . ext . landsccape - day helicopter shot over various landscape . narrator no one know where it come from . there have be other . mysterious relic of another world . but only one with the power to stop the world . shkboom !!! the comet make impact ! a lego explosion ! we peer into the smoking crater . Fire amid blackness . narrator many vie for its dark magic . a few brave soul endeavoured to hide it from that who would use it for ill . until finally , thankfully it be lose to history . suddenly , we be blind by a powerful tunnel of light . it 's a animated lego version of the light tunnel in 2001 , which be direct by stanley kubrick , who know a thing or two about make movie , so do not step . we push forward , head into a new world . narrator our be a story of a world that know not where it come from . that cannot imagine what it be capable of . perhaps you can relate . I know I can . MAIN title : " lego : the piece of resistance " ext . awesome temple - dusk the most killer look ancient vine - encrust jungle temple of all time . the whole thing be make of lego . chyron : " ten billion year later " 2 . reveal lego indiana jone and two guide . indy put up a hand for they to stop . he remove a ruby red piece from he bag and connect it to the temple . the piece glow . a dark passageway open , and indy light a torch . the flame be make of animated lego brick . the guide be too scared to continue . indy 's not . int . awesome temple - dusk a beautiful room make entirely of golden brick . in the center be a golden sarcophagus guard by statue of god from every ancient civilization imaginable . indy carefully lift a tablet from a statue of Zeus and place it into the sarcophagus like a ATM card . he push a bunch of cuneiform button - a pin number . the sarcophagus open . a white - hot glow on indy 's face . blam !!! the entire room shake . the statue be blow apart ! the smoke clear . enter the black falcon , the most evil person in the universe . he 's flanke by robot guard . indy the Black falcon . I should have know . black falcon hey indy . uch . who build this place ? must have be a bunch of lazy hippie , sit around a table agree with each other . indy it be build by the ancient . with more wisdom and artistry than you can ever know . the Black falcon bask in the glow of the sarcophagus . black falcon the kragle ... indy that belong to the Maker . it must be protect ! 3. black falcon what a lame boyscout thing to say ! you be stand before the most powerful object in the world and you do not want to use it ? you be a real nerd , Indiana Jones . the bf motion and he guard carry the sarcophagus away . indy the masterbuilder will learn of this . black falcon and what do you know of they ? indy only that they will be you undoing . black falcon adieu , Dr. Jones . that 's french for ciao . he exit . as the sarcophagus cross the threshold of the temple , wall shake . the temple be crumbling . Left for dead , indy use the fall piece to build himself a sweet rocket ship and blast out of the temple . narrowly avoid a big roll lego ball , probably . ext . field - day a farmhouse in the hill . indy roll up and pull the teat of a goat , which open a secret door . int . masterbuilders secret hideout - day Art studio meet superfriend headquarters . badass be meditating , include gemini , a mysterious cloak figure , and krav m'ga , the boss . indy burst in . push in dramatically : indy the Black falcon have the kragle . push in dramatically : krav m'ga Gemini . find the chosen one . 4. push in dramatically : gemini okay . boom . something big just land outside . indy look at he foot . attach be a blink red brick . oh no . indy they follow I ... krav m'ga ( to gemini ) go ! now ! crash ! it 's a full scale assault by hundred of robot . the masterbuilder fight valiantly but be overwhelm . Gemini run from the fight , then stumble , overcome with emotion as we hear the battle be lose . amid the scream , krav m'ga 's final word echo through Gemini 's head ... krav m'ga ( v.o . ) find the chosen one ... int . crappy apartment - day doris emmet ! doris , a dowdy mom , call through she son 's door . doris do you clean you room ?! the clean woman be come today ! emmet ( o.s. ) then why do I need to clean ? doris because I want she to know what a nice rule - follow son I have ! doris walk into he meticulously clean room to find emmet , 22 , a total square , in he underpant . emmet Mom ! doris aw , it be clean . 5 . emmet it 's always clean ! doris ( choking up ) just like I teach you . emmet what 's the point of have my own apartment across the hall from you apartment if you be go to check up on I like I still live at home ? emmet " pull " on a pair of mini-fig leg . replace he torso with a shirt . take off he hair and put on a construction hat . ready for work . doris be so proud . doris I just love you and want my son to be safe and happy . can not you work from home ? like a sociopath or child 's book author ? emmet Mom . I have spend my whole life here . I need to go out there and follow my dream of fitting in and be like everybody else . doris my boy . all grow up . maybe soon you will meet a girl and be marry ! emmet Mom , please ! doris I be just say , it 's be how many year since Lucy ? emmet ( change the subject ) Mom ... I have the dream again . flash to : int . art CLASS - day emmet's recurring dream : a middle school classroom . everyone wear blue . Young emmet wear red . the art teacher walk around , comment . 6 . emmet ( v.o. ) it be the same as it always be . sear in my memory ... everyone dutifully draw the same draw of a hand , but emmet draw two hand close together so they look like eye . he draw a mouth and pupil . the teacher stop . bad art teacher emmet . this be not the assignment . you have get to learn to follow the rule . she hold up emmet 's draw for all to see . bad art teacher everyone , the assignment be to draw you hand , not a silly face . slow motion : all the kid in the class gasp . int . cafeteria - moment later emmet sit alone , cry . the other kid sit at other table and whisper ... kide that 's the guy who draw a face . / what a weirdo . / he do not know how to follow instruction . / he 's not invite to my birthday . emmet erase he draw , a pariah . a little girl look at he from afar with sympathy . back to scene doris I hate that day . the kid be so mean , the school try to expel you ... I promise myself I would never let anything like that happen to you again . and it have not . so you need to let you memory of that day go . it never happen . emmet I just want to be normal , Mom . doris listen . you be my son . and you be the most normal , regular , average person I know . 7. emmet you mean it ? doris yeah . emmet be you cry ? doris no. yes. emmet ... she want to tell he something , but think better of it . doris do not forget dinner . emmet promise . doris be safe . emmet of course . doris do not make wave . emmet I never do . doris and follow the instruction . emmet always . doris if they be not so firm and flush with you head , I would pinch you cheek right now . emmet Love you , Mom . doris Love you . he exit , leave she alone in the room . she sigh . 8. ext . legopolis - day emmet drive into the most elaborate lego city set ever . everywhere be dozen of STREET sign offer detailed instruction for what you should and should not do . everyone drive the same speed in the same direction , listen to the same station , move to the same beat . music : a insanely catchy pop song . radio dj it 's another beautiful day in legopolis and on empura Radio . reminding you do not forget to be - elect President iamnotarobot for President of the City on Tuesday . now , for the 258th consecutive week at # 1 , here 's the no News gnus with they hit " everything be awesome . " emmet yeah . I love this song ! and so do everyone else ! in what feel like a musical number , emmet drive past vignettes of citizen happily go about they day and loving this song ! billboard everywhere advertise empura , a company which apparently own everything . ext . alternative avenue - day everyone walk in the same direction and go in to various identical - seem coffee shop . security camera footage : a camera scan for something , or someone , but can not tell emmet from the rest of the crowd . int . kreative koffee - day a Starbucks by a different name . mix with a hot Dog on a stick . emmet arrive at the counter . emmet hello . barrista what will it be ? emmet I be emmet . 9. barrista Larry ? emmet well , Larry , I will have one coffee please . barrista cappuccino , macchiato , espresso , americano . emmet what be that ? sound a little foofy . barrista they be all coffee . emmet oh. well , whatever be not too wild . I do not know , what do you think ? ( laugh nervously ) barrista a decaf . emmet okay , yeah . cool . barrista venti , Grande , or Super Grande ? emmet oh , goodness . so much selection . so hard to decide ! you pick . barrista that 's a personal decision that only you can make . emmet uh. gosh , which be the most popular ? barrista Super Grande . it 's italian for medium . emmet medium . that 's what I be havin ' ! that be my style . barrista fantastic . 10 . emmet you creative type ! so delightfully sardonic ! barrista I push one of two button on a machine . I would hardly call that creative . I would call that follow instruction . emmet but it say kreative right on you shirt ! with a extra " kreative " spelling aberration ! I totally do not get it ! ext . alternative avenue - day as emmet exit the shop and pass a empura billboard ask he to reelect President iamnotarobot . a television in a shop window show highlight of a debate between iamnotarobot and stooge strawman . emmet finish the drive to work . everyone pull into they parking space at the same time , like clockwork . emmet walk out and look at he new work place . his breath be take away as he gaze on a beautiful ... ext . instruction site - day a fantastical construction site . super-awesome crane . emmet walk and talk to he new boss . foreman alright , kid . here 's the rule . emmet ooh , great . foreman stay on you foot -- emmet mmm hmm . foreman stick to the instruction -- emmet uh huh . 11 . foreman and do not get creative ! emmet guffaw like that 's the craziest idea ever . emmet oh , Steve , do not worry . I be not some kind of foofy weirdo , Steve ! the laugh together for a long time . then , foreman it 's Sean . ext . instruction site - moment later they walk past big stack of piece move by machine . foreman the piece get send down from corporate bundle together with the instruction . take the one with you section on it and follow it to the letter . keep track of all the piece . if you lose one of the special one it will seriously drive you crazy . ext . instruction site - moment later they casually step across girder high above the city . foreman today you will be put together a artist ' loft . emmet be it for a artist ? foreman oh , no . it 's for a accountant . emmet oh , great . foreman pretty soon , the whole city will look like this . all part of some big master plan from Central . emmet wow ... 12 . they arrive at the coolest construction machine ever . emmet open up he actual size lego instruction . emmet what if I mess up or lose my place or something ? foreman just do what everyone else do . keep you head down , follow instruction , and you could get promote . Central 's get some big project come up overseas . emmet overseas ? I do not know . I be not big on travel . foreman whatever , kid . emmet one more question . emmet put a hand on he shoulder . emmet thank you . for make my dream come true . foreman be that a question ? ext . instruction site - later emmet put he hand on the control , savore this moment , and finally put he first brick in , accord to the plan . it 's a awesome feel . another . another . he get in the zone of building . this feel right . ext . instruction site - day lunchtime . emmet look at a heart - shape cookie he mom baked for he . " I love you " in frosting . he flip it over . " be safe ! " he look over to the other instruction worker , eat lunch . emmet so. silence . 13 . emmet how about that local sport team ? what do you think of how they play the other day ? lunch consumer ugh , they be awful . emmet right ? they should make a personnel change of some kind . lunch consumer that coach -- emmet yes , the coach ! lunch consumer he 's the only good thing about that team . emmet they should so keep he ! lunch consumer we be all go to watch the game after work . eat a little grub . want to join ? emmet really ?! ( catch himself ) actually , I be suppose to have dinner with my -- what the heck ? I be in . lunch consumer alright then . emmet cool . definitely cool . ( then ) hey do you hear that song on the way in to work this morning ? lunch consumer everything be awesome ? I love that song . another luncher I too ! 14 . emmet I think I know why I like that song so much . lunch consumer why 's that ? emmet because everything be awesome . lunch consumer oh yeah . / good point . / I never think of it like that . emmet smile he butt off . ext . instruction site - later emmet be back to building . he take a look at the city from the high height . it 's beautiful . he 's downright inspire look at it . he see the lego brick cloud in the sky slowly form the shape of a face . we zoom in to emmet 's mind . we see lego synapses fire . a connection between two halve of the brain . a idea . we pull back to reveal that emmet have accidentally build , instead of a window , a smiling face , reminiscent of the one he draw in class all that time ago . foreman kid ! what the heck be that ?! emmet oh , uh . I do not know . what ? foreman that 's not the instruction . emmet I do not know what happen . I be just look out at the cloud , and -- it be a accident . the Foreman pick up the phone . foreman ( into phone ) we get a loose brick ! code danger ! emmet code danger ? what 's so dangerous ? 15 . just then , a crane operator notice the happy face . his distraction cause the crane to go in the wrong direction and smash a wall . the fall brick cause a elaborate chain reaction that tip the structure over . emmet oh. Chaos ! instruction worker run away for they life ! int . police car - day dispatcher ( over radio ) loose brick ! policeman loose brick ! policeman' partner loose brick ! the cop throw they lunch out the window , shatter it . they pop the siren and take off ! ext . CITY STREET - continuous the cop hit the gas ! we pull wider revealing dozen of other police car do the same . siren blaring . ext . instruction site - same time the condo tip over a adjacent condo ( with someone live in it , of course ) which hit another and another , the building go down like elaborate domino . thirty cop car , a ambulance and FIRE truck screech in . cop run full tilt to keep the building from fall . police chief stop that building ! the cop jump out and stare up at the last domino , which fall on they . smash ! the remain cop look at emmet . int . police car - moment later emmet be in the back of the car . 16 . emmet -- unbelievably sorry . I be honestly the last person who would do something like thi -- int . police station - moment later emmet be be book . emmet -- eriously , a model citizen . I get straight as. I vote ! even in the off - year election , for school board and stuff -- int . interrogation room - day emmet sit chain to a desk in the shadow of two detective . they look slicker than the other . emmet -- swear , I be not special at all . just ask my mom ! I be a totally average normal person ! bad cop oh yeah ? what size coffee do you drink ? emmet Super grande . bad cop dammit ! I can not break he . emmet you do not need to break I ! I be just a regular old totally unspecial law - abiding -- sfx : slam ! int . legopolis correctional facility - night emmet be in jail . he have a huge scary convict roommate . emmet I be emmet . what 's you name ? convict ( &lt ; nothing &gt ; ) 17 . black . int . emmet's apartment - same time doris sit at a empty dinner table set for two . she pick at she food and sigh . her only company be the tv . tv anchor ... we be still follow the story of the construction worker who get a little creative on he first day on the job . the subject be describe as look and act exactly like everybody else ... Police have take the nondescript suspect into custody , and he be be hold in the city jail . doris see the brick happy face and know it have to be emmet ! she look worried . then oddly steely . int . legopolis correctional facility - night emmet lie awake , sad . ext . legopolis correctional facility - first light something be move in the field outside emmet 's cell . it 's doris ! she pull apart brick in the ground . int . emmet's cell - moment later close on a racquel welch poster . a blowdart gun emerge from she belly - button . th-thoonk ! two guard outside emmet 's cell go down . doris burst through the poster ! the follow conversation be whispered . emmet Mom ? what be you do here ? doris I be break you out . emmet but , that 's break the rule . you tell I never to do that . 18 . doris well I be temporarily reversing my position for reason of convenience . emmet what ? doris the rule be different now . emmet but I do something really bad . doris no you do not . emmet Mom . you teach I to be a person of principle , and I stand by my principle of do whatever authority tell I to . doris great . Fine . would you mind hold my purse ? emmet sure . thoonk ! doris blowdart emmet , who pass out . doris drag emmet by the purse through the hole . int . grocery store - morning doris and emmet tunnel in , to the surprise of customer . doris try to make emmet seem like a normal shopper . he be still hold she purse in a coma-grip . grocery security camera : zoom in on doris . we see face recognition graphic , then zoom in on she birthmark . ext . grocery store - continuous doris push he in a shopping cart through the parking lot and into a alley . emmet come to . emmet wh -- what be you do ? doris save you life . 19 . emmet where do you get a blowdart ? doris that 's not important . emmet half my body be numb ! my hand be stick shut ! that seem important ! doris I just break you out of prison ! emmet for a misdemeanor ! they do not even decide how long I would be in there for yet . doris they will not ever decide . you do not understand -- emmet you do not understand ! I be have the best day of my life today . I be one of the guy . we be go to go to a dinner and talk about life and stuff -- doris you be suppose to have dinner with I . emmet I be go to call . doris well it feel amazing to spend twenty year loving and protect someone and the first day out of the nest they wind up on the news . emmet I make a mistake . I will explain it to the judge tomorrow and everything will be fine . only it will not because I can not because suddenly I be a escaped fugitive ! doris it 's for you own good . 20 . emmet you can not protect I my whole life . doris you wanna bet ? come on . a beat . doris continue but emmet do not follow . emmet Mom , I be go back to jail to repay my debt to society . a society that I would like to be a part of . doris you have to trust I -- emmet you have to trust I ! I be my own person . you have to let I grow up and make my own choice -- doris I try , and look what happen ! emmet maybe if you do not mother I so much I would have be a little better equip . ever think of that ? doris as a matter of fact I do . all the time . emmet ugh . you know what you be , Mom ? you want to really know ? a real pain in the elbow ! he turn away from she . behind emmet , three robotic ninjas silently land , and shoot a human-sized rubber band from a bent paperclip at doris - - it wrap around she , tie she up ! they grab she and pull she into a sleek black car ! doris emmet ! emmet leave I alone ! he whip around just in time to see she be take . 21 . doris emmet !!! emmet Mom ? Mom !!!! emmet be tackled by a hood figure : gemini . gemini where do she go ?! emmet what 's happen ?! Gemini grab a mailbox and start taking it apart ! do the same with the shopping cart and other nearby item , rebuilding they into a awesome mailbox - style supercycle ! emmet how do you -- Gemini take off ! emmet , in pursuit , run into traffic . he flag down a dumpy car . emmet my mom get kidnap by ninjas then a lady turn a mailbox into a motorcycle and now we have to catch up to they ! oh , hi , Larry . it 's the guy from the coffee shop . barrista get in , I guess ? emmet get in and slam he foot on the gas ! barrista what 's with the purse ? emmet ( overlapping ) it 's my mom 's . ext . legopolis - continuous everyone be go in the exact same direction . except three car drive madly against traffic ! so begin the craziest , most wonderful lego car chase of all time ! 22 . int . robo - ninja car - continuous doris be tie up in the back in the rubber band . doris what do you want with I ?! ninja # 1 you know what we want . doris you have the wrong person ! ninja # 1 do we ? he pull back she sleeve , revealing the star-shape mark . ext . busy STREET - continuous Gemini try to keep up with the ninja car . emmet , in Larry 's car , catch up . they be go super fast and dodging car while scream across traffic . emmet lean out of the car . emmet Mom ! I be sorry ! do not worry , I be go to save you ! gemini stop , emmet ! you be go to screw everything up ! emmet no , I be not ! how do you know my name ? he lose control of the car and crash into Gemini ! the car tumble in a big heap . you can not tell where the car stop and the motorcycle begin . Larry and emmet be upside down in seatbelt . Gemini be throw from the cycle during the crash , but get up and rebuild the two vehicle into one super car cycle that 's a mashup of both ! Gemini be in the driver 's seat , emmet in passenger , and Larry in the back . larry what the flipping flip be flippening ?! they crash through a empura billboard . 23 . slow motion : the car smashes into piece and Gemini rebuild they , incorporate some of the billboard piece into the restore vehicle . the new vehicle hit the ground and continue in pursuit . emmet you be break the speed limit , you know . not to mention several other law , as a well as a few other thing that be not write into law per se , but be accept social practice . gemini emmet . Gemini drop the cloak hood , revealing ... emmet Lucy ? lucy it 's Gemini now . emmet be you a dj ? lucy no . she build the glove compartment and antenna into a crossbow and arrow . emmet so , uh , how have the last seven year be ? lucy okay . Lucy shoot a tethere arrow at the ninja car . bullseye . int . robo - ninja car - continuous doris , tie up , see Lucy and emmet in pursuit . doris emmet ?! ( to robo - ninjas ) do not you dare hurt he . 24 . the robo - ninjas laugh as she struggle against mysterious restraint that , strangely , can not be break ! ext . STREET - continuous the two car be tethered together as they race through the street , make the chase even more badass . emmet so . I have a lot of question . lucy be this really the best time to talk ? emmet well , so far ... lucy Fine . shoot . Lucy pull out a pistol , lean out the window , and return fire as the bad guy shoot at they . emmet why do that ninjas take my mom ? why be there ninjas ? be they robotic ninjas ? where have you be the last seven year ? when do you gain magical superpower ? why do you change you name to Gemini ? sound pretty foofy if you ask I . also , have you be follow I around this whole time ? because that 's pretty weird consider last time I see you be when you dumped I for absolutely no reason . barrista you guy use to date ? Nice . lucy hardly . emmet oh try all of 8th grade ! barrista burn . Lucy build a barrier between the front and back seat . 25 . barrista ( muffled ) how do you do that ? lucy by the way , I be see someone now , so do not get any idea . emmet I never have any idea . siren ! emmet oh , thank goodness , the police be here . the cop start to shoot at they . emmet never mind . now the cop be chase they while they chase doris ! dozen . blue Brothers meet freebie and the bean , only when this car crash , they break into lego piece ! lucy you do not get it , do you ? emmet get what ? lucy they be here for the chosen one . emmet the chosen one ? what the heck be that ? wait , you mean I ?! I keep tell everyone - I be just a regular guy ! lucy not you . you mom . emmet oh. really ? barrista ( o.s. ) ha ha , burn . lucy I be send to get she , but they get to she first . 26 . emmet you be sure I be not the chosen one ? lucy emmet , you mother be the most powerful be in the universe . emmet but -- how -- she have cankle ! lucy do not we all . the two car fly off a overpass and land on a moving EL train that go all through legopolis . it 's a car chase on a move train ... in 3d ! lucy she and I belong to a ancient brotherhood of masterbuilder , who create from we imagination , not instruction , force underground by evil force . she have long be in hide to protect you from that force . I be send to summon she , but when I show up she be too busy break you out of prison . this sink in . emmet okay I do not understand a lot of that . lucy just hold the wheel . Lucy jump out the window and go out onto the tether . barrista ( muffled ) so . what 's happen ? ext . EL train - continuous this be insane . and they be run out of train . Lucy get onto the ninja car . smash the window . the ninjas beat on she . she try to take the car apart to build a weapon but it 's somehow stuck together ! 27 . lucy how ... emmet ! jump ! at the last possible second , Lucy jump off the car . emmet jump out of he car . the ninja car fly off the end of the train and through a build . nothing happen to the Viking car , but Lucy and emmet 's car smashes into a thousand piece . they land with a thud . emmet Mom ! I be sorry . I be so sorry . lucy it do not break . how ? emmet she 's go . I can not believe she 's go ... because she try to protect I ...? Lucy pull emmet behind a dumpster as the police arrive at the scene and cover up the hole in the wall . bad cop send everyone you can out hunt for that kid and whoever be try to help he . you hear I ?! ( menacing ) he 's want ... break or together . Lucy and emmet run away . Larry the barrista emerge from the rubble , unseen by the cop . larry I need a coffee . he get up and walk o.s. , right past a open sewer grate where emmet and Lucy once be . int . sewer system - continuous emmet and Lucy wade through the sewer . emmet who exactly be this evil force my mom be try to protect I from ? and why be the cop in league with robot ninjas ? lucy you have a lot of question . 28 . emmet I be just get warm up . lucy they all work for the Black falcon . emmet the Black falcon ? lucy otherwise know as rodrigo falcone , the c.e.o. of empura ? emmet empura ? I love they stuff . lucy he be also the self - declare Emperor of all know lego realm . he kidnap you mom because she be the only one who can stop he from destroy we all . emmet my mom . my mom ? lucy emmet , do you mom have a safe deposit box , a safe , something where she would have hide something very valuable ? emmet no . the only thing she have that be worth anything be she purse . she take it with she everywhere . unfortunately it 's now melt to my arm . ow ! Lucy yank the purse towards she . she open the purse and start remove item . a lot of item . like a lot . lucy ( pull out item ) no...no ...no ...no ...no ...no ... no...no ...no ...no ...no ...no ... emmet well , I guess it 's not in there -- lucy no...no ...no ...no ...no ...no ... 29 . finally , it 's empty . lucy it 's not in there . emmet pull it away . a rattle . Lucy pull emmet back and find a false compartment . in it be a lock box . it have a combination lock . lucy what 's she birthday ? emmet November twenty - second . that 's not the combo . lucy of course . you birthday . January six . emmet ( touched ) you remember ? lucy not by choice . Lucy open the case and lift out the most beautiful thing they have ever see : a single piece that have stud on all side , and continually change color as if by magic . lucy the masterpiece . emmet what be this thing ? it 's ... beautiful . they bask in its glow . lucy some say it 's the first piece ever . no one know exactly what it do , but it be say the chosen one will use it to one day save the world . emmet and by that you mean my mom . lucy there 's a inscription . 30 . there be a inscription . etched all around it . emmet one will come from land afar , with hand besmirch in shape of star . one to confront a great forsaker , and build a bridge to meet the Maker . this one will make the world right , but first there will be a awesome fight . lucy the prophecy of the chosen one ... emmet who be my Mom . lucy yes . we have to get this to you mom so she can fulfill she destiny and stop the Black falcon before he destroy we all . emmet and if it be not for I , she would be here and everything would be okay . Lucy do not say anything . it 's she way of say " yes . " emmet go up to the masterpiece , upset . he touch it , feel sorry for himself . the second emmet touch it ... wham !!!! smash to : int . basement - day a fuzzy vision of strange creature . be they ... human ? we see they very close up . as though the cameraman be a minifig . and he be underwater . creature Finn ? I think I tell you not to touch anything ... sfx : gasp ! back to scene emmet let go , catch he breath . the purse be now free from he hand . 31 . emmet what be that ? lucy what be what ? sfx : voice . lucy we have to go . now . cop enter the sewer . emmet put the masterpiece back in he mom 's purse and wear it like a backpack . Lucy and emmet dash out . a footchase ensues between the cop and Lucy and emmet . Lucy use she power to dash through building and shop and lose the cop , break apart wall and rebuild they behind she . emmet keep up , barely . emmet where be we go ?! lucy we be go to take the masterpiece to someone who can help . emmet the masterbuilder council ? lucy no . they be go . all of they . she turn away , remember . it 's painful . emmet then who ? lucy vitruvius . he be once a great masterbuilder , now he 's ... retire . but he 's we only hope . emmet can not you do it on you own ? you be all like , heh -hoo-hiya ! emmet lamely imitate she quickbuild kung - fu . lucy I can not , I be ... still in training . I be not a full - fledge masterbuilder yet . technically , I be a intern . 32 . emmet well well well -- the cop be close in . they turn around a blind corner and run smack into ... ext . legopolis CITY limit - continuous there 's a big sign that tell we " CITY limit . no exit / no entry . " and a literal line across the ground . emmet stop short of the line . emmet you be not go to cross the city limit , be you ? lucy do not be a putz , emmet . emmet everyone know you be not allow to go out of town . it 's dangerous , unchart and no one should ever go that 's what everybody say . can not we just explain the situation to President iamnotarobot ? lucy iamnotarobot be one of the Black falcon 's robot henchmen . ever notice how metallic he look ? emmet come on . he 's just very fair skinned . it say " iamnotarobot " in he very name ! besides , he 's way better than councilman strawman . that guy be the pit . lucy do not be naïve . emmet what 's naïve ? lucy that . she step across the line . emmet gasp for a long time . lucy look , just give I the masterpiece and I will take it from here . 33. emmet my mom give it to I and I be not give it to anyone unless they name be my Mom . lucy well then I guess you be go to have to cross that line . emmet well then I guess I be . lucy well then go ahead and do it . emmet well then go ahead and do it I shall . beat . we can hear the cop and they dog barking . lucy dude ! emmet okay , okay . emmet deliberately and meaningfully , in super slow motion , cross the line . he exhales dramatically . take another step . then another , then -- slam ! emmet have walk straight into a invisible wall ! camera come around revealing a trompe l'oeil painting on brick that go up as far as the eye can see . lucy not everything be what it seem ... Lucy reveal a odd - shape depression in the wall . she take apart a nearby vending machine and rearrange the piece into the shape of the depression , put it in , fill the negative space ... and it open a door . Lucy pull emmet into the door and into ... a tunnel of light - just like at the beginning of the movie . it seem peaceful , until we see that emmet and Lucy be hurtle towards a monolithic wall . they blast through it and into ... ext . legopia a beautiful , breathtaking place that look like lego New Zealand . it 's beautiful . until ... 34 . Lucy and emmet crash land into a bunch of hobbit house . they get out of the ship and look around . they see a lot of hobbit yell at they for destroy they shire . emmet who be that guy ? lucy Annoying short whiner . plus they reproduce like crazy . it 's a real problem . emmet where be we ? where be all the building ? and coffee shop ? lucy legopolis be only one realm in the Black falcon 's dominion . he build wall around all of they so he can keep they separate . if the wall come down , he would have a hard time control the result . the masterbuilder build secret passage through the wall so we could travel between land . a scary noise . the hobbit scurry into they house . emmet and Lucy get down just before a army of robot riding robo-horse march by . emmet who be they ? lucy the Black falcon 's sentries . they be look for we . emmet so he control all this world ? lucy shh ! a robot turn its head . almost spot they , then move away . Lucy bonk emmet on the head and they dash away . ext . volcano , empura tower - night a evil volcano with a slick office tower rise out of it . a big bauhaus cork hold back inordinate power . 35 . int . empura tower , waiting room - night doris be strung up in the rubber band , and now also chain and strapped to a board . assistant the Black falcon will see you now . Guards wheel she into ... int . empura tower , the black falcon's office - night the office of the worst boss you have ever have . doris lunge at he but be restrain by she shackle . black falcon doris ! do someone get you a water ? doris you will never get away with this . black falcon " you will never get away with this ! " what a cliché ! you do not even know what it be I be try to get away with . maybe you should listen more . doris I be all ear . black falcon truly ? because listen and hearing be not the same thing . doris I be listen . black falcon excellent . ( then ) behold , the kragle ! doris gasp as bf unveil the sarcophagus we see earlier . a robot ninja open it . Inside be a tube of krazy glue with some of the letter rubbed off to spell " kra__gl_e . " doris the car in the city . that 's why it do not break ... 36 . black falcon very good . but there 's a lot more to my plan than that . check it : Black falcon saunter over to a stage set , with a life - size diorama with live minifigs play out a residential tableau . black falcon here be you typical family . you there . move you arm a little higher . a little higher ... no no no that 's too high !!! ugh you be all pathetic losers ! the dad put he arm down slightly . black falcon perfect ! wonderful . do not move a inch . you see how hard it be for I ? I have to make all this plan and rule and enforce they on people . it 's whack - a- mole . I get one thing perfect , and then another thing get mess up . ay ay ay I get so tired ! doris you never do understand the way of the Maker . black falcon sure I do . there 's one right way to do everything , and I know it , and everyone else be wrong and be try to screw I up ! until now . some ninjavikings lower the kragle into a cool look kragle cannon , operate by a ninjavike in a helmet . the cannon whir to life , direct at the diorama . black falcon you . introduce yourselves to I . " dad " I be sorry ? black falcon like , you say to I " hello Black falcon , I be Dale , and this be my wife Mary and we child Mark and Lisa . " 37 . " dad " but you just say it . black falcon well , just -- you say it now . " dad " hello Black falcon , I be Dale , this be mary -- black falcon my wife Mary . " dad " ( beat ) my wife , Mary . black falcon and we child ... " dad " and we kid -- black falcon Children . " dad " and we child Mark and Lisa . black falcon all together now . " dad " &lt ; sigh &gt ; hello Black falcon I be Dale , this be my wife Mary and we child Mark and Lisa . black falcon well , hello , Dale , Mary , Mark and Lisa . I be Black falcon , and I be very freeze to meet you ! he point to the operator , who pull a lever on the cannon , which zap they with krazy glue , freezing they ! black falcon exactly how I plan ! bahahaha ! and it 's totally permanent ! doris you want to do this to the whole world ? 38 . black falcon so the whole world will be exactly how I want . doris but -- I will never see my son again . no mother will ever see she son . black falcon unless they be freeze when they happen to be look at each other , exactly . oh doris , I be so glad we could finally meet again , after all this year . doris what do you want from I ? black falcon be not it obvious ? I want you to make I a better kragle - thingy ! doris that 's really dumb . black falcon I mean this work okay , but it do not have a wide enough spray . I need to make like a big cloud of sticky mist . and it 's not scary enough . and I hate the color . doris you will never get aw -- you will not achieve that which you have just describe ! black falcon what , do you think you pathetic son be go to save you or something ? he can not even put two brick together . doris ( lying ) I have train he . secretly . black falcon do you ? I think you protect he . because you be afraid to have he live under the spectre of be find out . of be hunt . you want he to fit in . to feel normal , be not that right ? 39 . doris can not look at he . bf show she a poster with a goofy image of emmet . " want : Broken or together . " black falcon Big mistake , doris . thanks to that call , he 's go to get he butt kick . he will fit in , alright . into a coffin ! doris leave he out of this ! black falcon I would , but I be pretty sure he have the masterpiece . it be not in you apartment , and it 's not on you . but you son seem to have interesting taste in handbags . he grab a lego magnifying glass from he desk and show doris the out -of- focus purse emmet 's hold in the want photo . black falcon so , just to tie up all the loose end , I will have to kill he and take the master piece so the prophecy will never come true . doris no ! do not , please ! I will do what you want , please do not hurt he . black falcon oh , do not worry , dear . you will do what I want regardless . I will simply use my very special electromagnetic machine to extract you thought and steal you idea like I have do for all the other imprison masterbuilder . doris no ! black falcon yes . send she to the think tank !!! as doris struggle , the guard take she away . 40 . ext . legopia - day they come upon a majestic canyon with a immense lego waterfall ( clear piece tumble down ) . Lucy climb up the rock wall . emmet follow . emmet be it much farther ? lucy do you ever say something that be not a stupid question ? emmet what 's that suppose to mean ? lucy I guess not . two -third up the canyon wall be a ledge with a cave behind the waterfall . and a sign . " beware of Dragon . " gulp . yapyapyap ! dragon , a nasty yippy dog startles they . lucy that 's Dragon . Lucy knock on the door of a garishly paint shack . emmet who could live here ? lucy a blind man . a homeless - look man open the door , face the wrong direction . this be vitruvius , Ben kenobi meet Mr. magoo meet gandalf meet columbo . vitruvius hello ! what ? hi! emmet I see . int . the ugliest house in the universe - day look like it be decorate by a blind man . and it be . vitruvius open the shade , revealing a window view of a rock wall . 41 . emmet Lovely place . vitruvius thank you . I be deprive of my sight , but my hearing be so acute that I can still perceive the physical world use echolocation . emmet like a old bat ... vitruvius precisely . I see with my ear . now , how can I help you , extremely tall and fat stranger ? emmet my mother have be kidnap and it 's all my fault . vitruvius mmm ... hard pass . not interested . lucy his mother be the chosen one . I be send to summon she . the Black falcon get to she first . he have the kragle . vitruvius stop . vitruvius oh my . that be grave news indeed . but I be afraid I be retire . I be sure the active masterbuilder be more than adequate . lucy the other masterbuilder be go . vitruvius I guess I be not redundant anymore . emmet why be he be so weird ? vitruvius the Black falcon be my student . push in on vitruvius . a stylized 2d lego flashback tell he story : 42 . vitruvius ( v.o. ) he be clever and smart . it be the age of the masterbuilder . the world be a fluid , creative place . the most gift be enrol in masterbuilder High School ... teen doris hey Rod . what 's that ? teen black falcon a awesome secret lair , b'doy ! it 's the best thing I have ever build . it 's perfect . all I need now be a cool nickname . vitruvius ( v.o. ) I only aim to teach he a lesson about the impermanence of creation . less old vitruvius pull out a cornerstone brick in the lair and the whole thing topple over . teen black falcon no ! my precious precious work ! less old vitruvius Building be rebuild , rodrigo . you must learn to embrace the practice , not the outcome . teen black falcon what a bunch of bunk ! that thing be awesome ! we see he animated metamorphosis from teen to the Black falcon of today . vitruvius ( v.o. ) he become enraged . instead of improve he work , it become stagnant and weak . he begin to amass power , and hunt down masterbuilder . harvest they idea . force they to write instruction for he . instruction that he in turn force on the world . the remain masterbuilder go into hide . I be encourage to retire . end flashback 43. vitruvius they be probably right . emmet you teach my parent ... vitruvius you mother go into hide to protect you . you father never have a chance ... lucy vitruvius , you can still help we . vitruvius that 's flattery , my dear . we both know you be only here because you have no other place to go . emmet we be here because we do not know what to do and you might . Sir , all I have ever want be to get along with everyone and be a part of the world and now I do not know if there 's go to be a world to be a part of . that be , unless you help I fix it . and I bet if you do , they will forget all about what they use to think of you . this get vitruvius ' attention . vitruvius I wish I could , young man , but he have the kragle , and he have the chosen one , and if he have the chosen one , he have the masterpiece . and without that , there be no -- lucy hope ? Lucy hold out the masterpiece . this change the game . vitruvius walk reverently towards it . then past it . int . ugliest house in the universe - later vitruvius have create a chart to explain he plan . vitruvius the kragle be the most powerful relic of the Maker . 44 . emmet who be this Maker you guy keep talk about ? emmet and Lucy sit at a " table . " aka a pink eraser . vitruvius the Maker . the be who put we all together and watch over we . only by follow the inspiration of the Maker can one become a true masterbuilder . emmet okay that sound super weird . vitruvius it be , but then all the best thing be . emmet and what 's the kragle again ? vitruvius every so often , the Maker drop a piece down to we that be unique , unlike any other . this crystal table be but one example . some of they , in the wrong hand , can be weaponize . the kragle , if harness , could -- emmet -- destroy the world ? vitruvius yes . the Black falcon have take you mother , the one person who can stop he , and imprison she . he gesture to a map . for once it 's what he say it be , but as he 's talk , he point to the wrong place . lucky for we , the camera follow the map correctly . vitruvius if we can travel across sea and land , penetrate he heavily - guard fortress , unkidnap master doris , and bring the masterpiece safely to she , she can use it to destroy the kragle , and set the world right . 45 . emmet oh be that all we have to do ? that do not sound too hard . oh wait , I forget to mention , I be say this with a sarcastic inflection . lucy that 's super constructive , thank you . vitruvius we need to assemble a team of all remain masterbuilder hide throughout the land . we will scour the countryside high and low , overturn rock , hide from sentries , avoid the major road and air .. lucy we do not have that kind of time ! vitruvius or we could send out a mass email to the masterbuilder list , and have whichever one be remain meet we at the midpoint . emmet better . vitruvius and then , we sail for the land of unuse part ! ( then ) anybody get a ship ? ext . puertopieceo - day a bustling colonial - era port , but with every possible kind of ship , from aircraft carrier to canoe . emmet , Lucy , vitruvius , and Dragon sneak down a dock disguise as fishermen . Dragon be disguise as a fish . emmet how long have you boyfriend have he own ship ? lucy why do you care ? 46 . emmet I just think it 's interesting that you be attract to someone with he own vessel . fairly superficial to date a guy with he own yacht . lucy it 's not exactly a yacht . they come upon a really cool pirate ship . neckbeard , a pirate , stick he head through a porthole in the ship . neckbeard ahoy ! welcome to the Sea cow ! emmet huh . not what I expect . neckbeard hop out onto the dock , revealing he have no body . he 's just a head . and a beard . emmet really not what I expect . neckbeard arr ! come give you weary boyfriend a kiss ! she do . emmet wow . neckbeard and Lucy begin making out . emmet okay . that 's -- okay . lucy gosh , where be my manners ? emmet , this be neckbeard , my boyfriend . neckbeard , this be emmet . we use to date a million zillion year ago . it mean nothing to I . you have hear of vitruvius , of course . neckbeard you be the teacher that make the Black falcon who he be , then ? vitruvius that be a long time ago . 47 . neckbeard farrr be it for a pirate to judge a man with a unsavory reputation . emmet that 's surprisingly gracious -- suddenly , neckbeard somehow get up in emmet 's grill . neckbeard stay away from I lady . emmet alright . sure . neckbeard say that to my face . emmet alright . sure . he get somehow closer to emmet . mouth almost touch . neckbeard I be once the most fear masterbuilder in all the land . I lose the rest of I body fight off a hundred of the Black falcon 's man . you cross I , and I will make it a even fight , if you follow . emmet thank you for you clarity . neckbeard slowly hop back past , eyeing emmet the whole time . emmet look to Lucy : " how can you be with he ? " lucy he have a incredible mind . neckbeard everyone hop aboard . meet I crew . this be orangebeard , brownbeard and nobeard , and I first mate , chewbacca . you can call he allbeard . as they board the ship and meet the ragtag crew include chewbacca , the bad cop from 20 page ago watch they from the dock , compare emmet to he wanted poster . 48 . ext . the six seas - day the Sea cow sail across a sea make entirely of lego . wave animate with thousand and thousand of lego brick -- if the audience have reassemble they mind from be blow before , they just get blow again . int . the sea cow , bridge - later neckbeard pore over a chart explain they head to Lucy and vitruvius . emmet swab the deck . neckbeard the route be stuff to the gill with empura shipping activity . it 's heavily patrol . we will have to be keep a eye open , and when the time be right , make ourrrr move . emmet what 's we move ? neckbeard I be sorry , do the Captain say you could finish swabbing the deck ? int . the sea cow - vitruvius ' cabin - dusk the boat rock back and forth . emmet , literally GREEN , approach vitruvius who 's meditating while building a crazy mecha bird . like that adorable creature in battery not include . vitruvius Lucy . welcome . emmet it 's emmet . vitruvius ah . you get you sea leg , yet ? emmet yes . what be you do ? vitruvius make . emmet what 's it for ? 49 . vitruvius what be anything for ? it 's what we be all mean to do . what the Maker have fated we to do . emmet okay , here 's what I do not get . if we life really be predetermine by some all - control dude , what be the point of do anything ? vitruvius punch emmet in the face . emmet ow ! why do you do that ?! vitruvius the Maker fated I to . emmet or you do it yourself because you be a crazy person . vitruvius ah. now , you be learn . emmet stare at he for a minute , confuse . then he look at the mecha-bird , impressed . emmet I could just never make something like that . how do you even get the idea ? vitruvius I do not . I just open a window for it to fly through . emmet pet the mechabird with a real sense of wonder . vitruvius bird be , incidentally , one of the most creative of all the animal . they build nest . create elaborate courtship ritual , make gift for one another . and of course , they beautiful song . it emit a piercing alarm clock noise . emmet teach I . 50 . vitruvius open you throat and make a sound . emmet no . teach I to do what you do . vitruvius smile . but it 's bittersweet . vitruvius how can I teach you something you already know ? it 's already inside you . you have wall it up , but it still shine through . that terrific disaster you cause at the instruction site ? that be no accident . emmet I be not sure I follow ... vitruvius point up to the night sky . vitruvius they say every night the Maker put a blanket over the world , a blanket with tiny hole . some call they star , but I call they makerpeeper . emmet Maker peeper ? vitruvius Maker peeper . emmet , there be a time , before you be bear , when make new thing come as naturally to everyone as breathe . the world be messy and wild , and that make it beautiful . but then , everything become rigid and prefabricate , so everyone just stop think of new thing . make have be outsource to empura . the Black falcon have paved over the world that be . vitruvius indicate the sky . vitruvius and yet , somehow , light still shine through the crack . the mechabird fly out a porthole . emmet run after it . 51 . emmet oh no ! wait ! ( then ) it get out ... vitruvius be not that marvelous ? you have a idea , and then off it go ! ext . the six seas - night we follow the mechabird soar over the moonlit wave , and finally , past a viking ship manned by robovikings . int . viking ship , lookout tower - continuous it 's more high - tech than a normal Viking ship . lot of empura logo . bad cop stand next to a robovike sentry . bad cop that 's they . man you weapon . full steam ahead . roboviking we do not use steam . we row . bad cop Fine . full row ahead . int . the sea cow , bridge - continuous neckbeard look through a spyglass at the enemy ship . neckbeard they be a-comin ' ! dive ! vitruvius and emmet come up from below deck . Lucy and neckbeard begin to meditate together . we go into lucy mind be eye : she be conceive of new instruction . she can see every piece at once and be reforming they in she mind into something new . neckbeard's mind eye look the same . they two vision of the piece combine ! emmet what be they do ? vitruvius collaborate . 52 . they eye open ! lucy vitruvius , follow my lead . neckbeard matey ! be I hand and leg ! start take the ship apart ! neckbeard 's pirate crewmember , include chewbacca , enthusiastically oblige . emmet but we will sink ! lucy that 's the idea . neckbeard put the four-piece over there . no ! the skinny one . come on ! emmet I do not get it -- what do I do ? lucy build a hatch . emmet like for a attic ? lucy like for a submarine . Lucy , neckbeard , vitruvius , all start rebuild the ship into a badass submarine . this look awesome as hell . emmet , exasperate , do he best to build a hatch . intercut the other building quick and cool with emmet unable to act creatively at all . finally , in slow motion : emmet put two brick together . at the last second , Lucy run up to emmet . all he 's get be two piece attach in a cross-bar . lucy that 's as far as you get ?! emmet well ... she quick - build a hatch , attaches he cross -bar , drag he inside , and spin the hatch shut , just as they dive below the wave . 53. int . pirate submarine - night like a classic sub interior , but manned by pirate . neckbeard perches himself at the periscope , plugging into it use he head peg . neckbeard head ? chewbacca arrrrrrrr . neckbeard get deeper . if we be too high they sensorrr will detect we . int . viking ship , lookout tower - continuous a roboviking among sophisticated equipment see nothing . bad cop nothing ? but they be right here . roboviking wait . there 's something on the scanner . ext . the six seas - continuous overhead shot : we watch the sub go underneath the ship . int . pirate submarine - continuous neckbeard dive ! dive ! dive ! int . viking ship , lookout tower - continuous push in as the radar scanner spin around slowly . will it show a blip or not ? ext . viking ship - continuous a bunch of robovikings stand at the ready , prepare to fire extensive weaponry any second . 54 . int . legocean - continuous under the sub looking up : we can see the carrier far overhead in the moonlight , the sub in the foreground . int . pirate submarine - continuous we guy huddle , worried about be catch . a long beat . int . viking ship , lookout tower - continuous roboviking nothing . there 's nothing . bad cop let I see that ... dammit ! he hit the equipment , break some piece off . roboviking hey , watch it man , I build that . int . pirate submarine - continuous they do it ! emmet cheer with everyone , excited to be one of the guy . Lucy put a hand on he shoulder . it 's the first time anyone have really touch he since he mom be kidnap . he smile and look out a porthole . ext . underwater - continuous emmet look out at the water . he see many beautiful lego fish , dolphin , and whale . it 's just wonderous . int . pirate submarine - continuous emmet turn back to the group . emmet hey Lucy , you gotta see -- he see Lucy and neckbeard make out again . when we cut back to emmet , he 's GREEN again . ext . the six seas - morning fog . the sub surface . the hatch open . emmet run out and wretch into the ocean . until he look up to find : 55 . a treasure chest float by . he haul it onto the deck . open it to find what you and I would call a keyring with a laser pointer . emmet touch the ring . emmet's vision : it 's a little clearer now . imagine human being but make out of thousand of lego brick , shot through a shower door cover in soap scum . grown up where be my dang key ? Finn , have you be play in here ? kid no . grown up you sound like you be lie . be you lie ? kid no . grown up okay , this be my very special area , where I play with something very not -able-to-be-touched -by - anyone , because it be the most awesome thing I have ever make . kid uncle Ted , why do not you have a girlfriend ? grown up because you need money for girlfriend . although they refuse to admit that . although they admit it implicitly when they leave you for a banker . kid why do not you have a job ? grown up look , you can do anything you want with this big bin of part , okay ? just promise I you be not go to play in my special area anymore . kid okay . 56 . grown up be that a real okay or a fake one ? kid Real . grown up okay . that 's my man . the grow - up exit . after a beat , we see a giant hand come towards the camera . emmet wake up ! he drop the ring in shock . then he put it in he purse- backpack . he look at the ocean water and watch its composition change as random colored part begin to intermingle with the water , like the confluence of two river . he look out to the horizon and see he have just enter a sea of unused part . at its center be a island cover in fog . ext . legotopia - continuous the other have come on deck to take in the sight . the fog clear , revealing a island with huge cliff and a krazy kastle with a fantastically fortify wall . vitruvius legotopia . the last free kingdom in the universe . vitruvius be look the wrong way . Lucy turn he in the right direction . vitruvius thank you . ext . krazy kastle gate - day it 's so creative - different from the other architecture we have see . we heroes knock on the big wacky door . emmet do the Black falcon know about this place ? vitruvius it 's be hide for age by the fog and its remote location . plus they have elaborate security measure . 57 . from the door emerge a silly lego face . door face who go there ? emmet oh , uh , I be emmet . this be my ex - girlfriend Lucy , also a blind man , a pirate head , and a loud dog . we be here to save the world . door face well , I have never hear of you , but come on in ! the door open . lucy that 's the security ? they stroll easily into a fantastical wonderland ... ext . krazy kastle kourtyard - continuous it 's a cross between the Point , yellow submarine , Terry gilliam 's sketchbook , and a medieval castle . all manner of bizarre creature roam about . it 's like look into a child 's brain : wonderous and fluid and nonsensical . krazy king karl , a weird combination of disparate mini- fig arrive , riding a dino -rocket . king karl hi! I be Karl , and welcome to my krazy kastle . krazy with a k! emmet for kreativity ... king karl exaktly ! emmet why do you build all this stuff ? king karl well ... why not ? music : a original song call " why not ? " in which king karl explain that when you kreativity be truly free , anything can happen . yep , we be do a willy wonka-style musical number ! 58 . king karl show they around he krazy kingdom ! each wacky environment be pack with krazy kreature . king karl if you can conceive it , we will achieve it . build anything whenever you feel it . emmet you know we really do not have time -- king karl invent a game , like roller cricket . or buy bullfight tennis ticket ... ext . castle lyondor , bullfighting tennis court a bunch of bull chase tennis player as they hit back and forth . they watch from a box as a bull knock down one of the player . king karl just wide ! neckbeard this be I favorite sport . resume song ! int . krazy skool fill with nonsensical chart and weird animal misspel basic word on oddly - shape chalkboard . king karl we only teach art and music in school so kid feel unencumber . no spelling , read , science or math , we just make up all the number ! int . krazy maze it look like a m.c . escher draw come to life . king karl make any idea think or speak . rule be mean to be break ! 59 . emmet no , rule be mean to be follow . ext . krazy kourtyard happy artsy citizen and animal and weird morphy rock and tree all gather for a big finale ! chorus we have everything and nothing and something 's all we have get . why , you ask ? what you should ask be ... why not ?!!!! the finish . emmet be pretty overwhelm . emmet you guy be really weird . king karl cool , man , thank you . emmet this be crazy . you can not have a society without rule . I mean , you castle do not look very structurally sound at all ! he gesture to the structurally unsound kastle , which be be build on a single swirly stilt and look like a giant teeter mobius Strip with turret . king karl who be this guy ? lucy emmet . he do not get out much . vitruvius pull a frustrated emmet aside . vitruvius emmet , this people be not masterbuilder . they do not create with purpose , they create just to create . but they can also be very inspiring , because the only way to accomplish the impossible be to break the rule of what be possible . emmet I wish that make sense to I . 60 . vitruvius it will if you let it . ( turn to Karl ) King Karl , I wish we come to you with better news . king karl as do I . the other arrive just before you , which give we a chance to rehearse the song . follow I . int . krazy kastle mead hall - day the King lead they into a lotr - style room , with a long table fill with a bounty of food . neckbeard ar ! what a bounty ! I be starrrve ! neckbeard hop onto the table and gorge himself . also , we should mention that everything neckbeard eat or drink go right down he throat and onto the floor . yuck . emmet give Lucy a look . after a beat : king karl meet you team . at the other end of the hall stand batman , a famous mask crime - fighter ; duplo , a old -school duplo figure ; and benny , a spaceman . batman hey , I be batman . get the email . on my batphone . which I invent . get email . on a phone . he wait for they to be impressed , then step back . emmet hello . duplo duplo ! lucy and where do you come from ? duplo duplo ! lucy okay . um , he 's a masterbuilder ? 61 . king karl no . but he want to help . duplo duplo help ! batman I be a masterbuilder . I build a lot of gadget . want to see my gadget ? lucy no thank you . benny I be also a masterbuilder . emmet cool ! benny I be benny . benny " Blue " Chu . where be you from ? I be from space . there 's not a lot of oxygen up there . one time I be fix my ship in space and there be a crack in my helmet . they say I should have die or get Space madness but I do not die . I be here , right ? ha ha ! have you see my spaceship ? I rebuilt it but it do not fly for some reason . he point out the window to a odd , unstable - look spaceship , which be park outside . emmet um , maybe if it do not have two front and no back , and it do not have five wing . benny I love wing . wing be great , right ? neckbeard he seem a little distract . benny what ? where ? lucy be this everyone ? 62 . benny oh , no . there 's one more . my co - pilot moppy . he 's really organize . benny hold a mop. benny hi moppy . ( moppy voice ) hi everybody . do you meet my friend benny ? he 's the best . ( regular voice ) that 's too nice of you , mopper . ( moppy voice ) he can really help you with you quest . ( regular voice ) well , I do not know . ( moppy voice ) he get real lonely sometimes . ( regular voice ) moppy ! ( moppy voice ) it 's true . he be all alone in space . he try to look for he space friend but could not find they . no one be leave but I . him . beat . he look so sad and lonely . emmet what do you say you do again ? benny oh , I be a Space cadet . first class . emmet ah. vitruvius we be all that remain of the once proud society of masterbuilder . except for duplo . and emmet . he 's not a masterbuilder , he 's just the son of one . and Lucy , who be still a intern . batman ( intrigued ) hello . 63. vitruvius along with a blind man , a pirate head , a crazy spaceman , and batman ... emmet pull out the masterpiece . they all marvel at it . vitruvius together , we form a fellowship of the masterpiece . a shine beacon of possibility , and the only thing that can counteract the power of the kragle . if we can get this into the hand of the chosen one -- voice ( o.s. ) freeze ! reveal bad cop and he man ! gun train . bad cop or do not you know that as a former student of masterbuilder academy , the Black falcon be cc would on you mass email ? he take the masterpiece and cuff everyone else . behind the cop and viking stand a sheepish King Karl . king karl I be sorry , I have to let they in . lucy King Karl ! you betrayed we ! you betrayed everything you stand for ! king karl tsk , I know . turn out legotopia have run up like a bunch of debt . something about lot of spend and no revenue . empura promise to fund the whole place . honestly , I be super sorry . they all struggle but the ninjavike be too much . emmet this guy be suppose to be inspiring ? more like conspire ... with a bunch of mean jerk who have my mom ! you be just as bad as they , you big mean jerk ! 64 . king karl come on . guy . everyone look at he real angry . Karl feel really guilty , and watch they get lead out at gunpoint . king karl where be you take they ? not to the dungeon , right ? you say -- bad cop do I look like a medieval constable ? no , they be go someplace much worse . take they to ... the conference room ! int . krazy kastle , conference room a medieval , dungeon - like conference room . outside its glass wall , there be fruity creature walk around . everyone be there but King Karl . assistant ( o.s. ) I have the Black falcon for you ... bad cop okay we be good to teleconference . he turn on a teleconferencing device . it do not work very well . to start , the image be a closeup of bf 's neck . the black falcon ( o.c. ) well , well , well . look like I have you right -- all I be see be a wall . should I turn it ? you turn it . turn it around . be this the volume ? well which one be the volume ? it's not working ! oh there it goe ! can you hear I ? how about now ? how about now ? how now ? about everyone jump out of they seat . yow that 's loud . bad cop just , point the camera at you . the black falcon I can not see anything . 65 . bad cop no , the other way . there . that 's close enough . the black falcon oh I see you ! I see you hand . Wave you hand . ha ha ! this be amazing ! do you hear a weird echo on you end ? I can hear myself but like two second later . echo . echo . this be my voiceeeeeoooooo aaaaayyyyyyyeeeeeeeeeee ... bad cop sir. the black falcon okay . well well well , it look like I have you all right where I want you . good morning vitruvius . vitruvius Black falcon ! prepare to meet the Maker ! vitruvius lunge with he staff at the screen . lucy no no he 's just on teleconference . vitruvius what ? lucy it 's like a phone . a telegram . he 's not actually in the room . vitruvius like a crystal ball ? lucy sure . the black falcon still be school by you student , I see . this hurt . the black falcon I think you might want to know that my good friend doris here be safe and sound , so you do not have anything to worry about . 66 . he push a button , switch camera to doris , who be tie in a big machine with a tube strapped to she head . she look tired . some of the life drain out of she . doris emmet ! emmet Mom ! I be come ! I will not let you down . any more than I already have ! the black falcon you have do enough , have not you sonny ? after all , you mother be now a distinguished member of my think tank ! reveal the think tank - a enormous aquarium of masterbuilder hook up to brain squeezer which suck the idea right out of they head . include doris . the black falcon every masterbuilder in the world be in this tank , have they idea extract . now , with the idea of the chosen one , I can finally build the best kraglethingy in the world , freeze everything , and make the universe exactly how I like it forever . emmet Mom ! no ! the black falcon there 's nothing you can do , dude . I already have the idea . my builder be put the finish touch right now . what be you go to show up here in the next twenty four hour and stop I ? you just give I the only hope you have ! you see this ? he gesture to a mini-model of all he land . it take up substantial floor space . black falcon this be all the land I control ! they be perfect ! and they be go to be that way forever ! now that you can not mess any of they up ! ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ! 67 . lucy so wait . what be the purpose of this call then ? the black falcon to gloat . ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha peace . int . krazy kastle parking lot - moment later bad cop and he support team be march we guy through a underground parking lot . they open a door to a squad car , but guess who 's inside ? King Karl ! he kick open the door and smashes bad cop 's hand in it . he do some creative building and kick everyone 's butt . he frees we heroes . emmet you be a masterbuilder , too ? king karl I dabble . you be right . I would rather be poor and free than comfortable and stick . they grab the masterpiece and run away . bad cop ( into cb ) back up ! repeat . I need back up . king karl bring it on . they run up the stair . ext . krazy kastle wall - moment later siren . dozen of cop car pull up , along with robo - Viking , skeleton , evil mermen emerge out of the sea , and the viking ship from before . ext . krazy kastle , kourtyard - continuous King Karl and the other burst in from the stairwell . king karl prepare for battle ! 68 . all the whimsical creature and citizen go steely and man battle station . all manner of fantastical weapon , formidable look creature . Knights , cool - ass car , every crazy look thing a kid would think of for a war . tension mount on both side of the wall . king karl on my mark . int . krazy kastle parking lot - continuous bad cop ( into c.b. ) charge . ext . krazy kastle - continuous king karl charge ! outside the wall : the bad guy rush to the wall . overhead : the two army rush towards one another . cannonballs and flame emerge from the bad guy 's weapon , and from the good guy : puppy . and flower . anything but a effective ballistic . and it 's a massacre . the fruity force of King Karl be just no match . they vehicle do not drive . the bow and arrow shoot in curly cue . they be just impossibly overmatch . it 's a instant rout . king karl retreat ! Chaos invade the kingdom . we heroes scramble to find a way out as cop car and robovikings burst through the kastle wall . king karl you have to go . emmet we can not leave you here . king karl it 's my place to be here . go ! bad cop burst out the stairwell into the kourtyard and chase after we guy . 69 . benny everyone get in my spaceship ! just then , bad cop pull the bottom piece out of the unstable kastle and the whole kastle tip over , and crush benny 's spaceship to piece . kaboom ! beat . emmet over there ! he point to a huge catapult . they all grab piece of benny 's demolish ship and the kastle , put they into the catapult and jump inside of it . they watch as King Karl try to trip up bad cop , but fall to a attack of skeleton . we watch he fall in slow mo ... it 's super sad , you guy . lucy we have to go now ! duplo duplo help ! duplo jump up and just as bad cop arrive , stomp on the other end of the lever , flinging we heroes into the air along with all the remain of benny 's spaceship . in mid AIR all the masterbuilder mind - meld and quickbuild a rocket -copter around themselves with the remain of the spaceship . emmet actually help . he may be get the hang of this . as they chopper- rocket off : emmet I build that chair ! check it out . that 's my chair . pretty good . lucy that 's far more impressive than this entire rocket -copter . emmet well , it be my idea to get in the catapult . lucy a credit hog . great . batman where would this thing come from ? we see r2 D2 in the backseat . 70 . r2d2 &lt ; whistle &gt ; emmet no idea . neckbeard bogey on we six ! fighter jets piloted by skeleton bear down on they ! a really awesome dogfight ensue . benny pilot , with batman backseat drive , and emmet man the turret . benny hey look at that over there -- lucy benny ! focus ! they manage to stay ahead of the bad guy plane and fly through another trompe l'oeil wall . ext . the space between world the plane follow ! awesome ! neckbeard eye the map . neckbeard there ! benny evade the plane and go through a portal ! yes ! ext . old west ghost town - night the rocket - copter crash into the ground and break apart . emmet my chair !!!! we crew stagger out and look at a haunt Old West town . a lego tumbleweed pass by . in the distance we see the volcano with empura Tower inside . it 's eerie . batman I say we camp here for the night in this creepy Old West ghost town . all agree : " sound good to I , " " can not think of a better spot " etc . 71 . ext . old west ghost town - later they have make a fire out of moppy . everyone sleep . neckbeard snore . loud . but emmet can not sleep . he stare off at the volcano - tower where he mom be be hold . Lucy approach . lucy what 's up ? emmet can not sleep . kind of still upset about everything , you know ? lucy upset about what ? emmet well , I get in a fight with my mom that cause she to get kidnap and the whole world be about to get freeze , if you must know , unless you be ask that sarcastically , which I now realize you be . lucy sorry . she take pity on he . anyone would . lucy we will find she . emmet I hope so . lucy I know it . I know you . emmet I think you say I do not have a creative bone in my body . lucy you do not . emmet that 's nice , thank you . lucy I be just try to help . 72 . emmet you know what you be , Lucy ? lucy what ? emmet a real pain in the elbow . Lucy laugh . emmet what ? lucy you may not have a creative bone in you body , but you have a lot of really really earnest bone . you always do . emmet thank you ? lucy I mean , that day when we be kid , and you draw the face in art class , you inspire I . I think maybe there be more out there in the world , and maybe you feel the same . that 's why I ask you out . but then you end up like everyone else and break my heart , you know ? that I be go one way and you do not go with I . emmet think of how I feel . my mom train I to follow the herd . to lay low . all I ever want be to fit in , to have friend . and the funny thing be , maybe I be try too hard , but , my whole life , I never do have any real friend . lucy we be be so dramatic . it be eighth grade ! emmet that 's the most dramatic time in anyone 's life , right ? it 's what make the Black falcon such a world class dingale . 73. lucy it make a lot of we dingaling . emmet yeah . emmet look away , sad . lucy you know , whenever I doubt myself , I look into this prism I find long ago ... she pull out a wad - up metallic gum wrapper . emmet it 's ... beautiful . lucy I know . it 's a relic of the Maker . when I be feel low , I look at it , and it always make I feel like there still be beauty in the world , and we all have a purpose . you know what I mean ? he stare at it , then at she . emmet yeah . I do . a long beat as they look at each other ... lucy well , good night . emmet yeah . okay . emmet sit alone , look at he sparkly reflection in the gum wrapper . as he put he hand on it : emmet's vision : slightly clearer version of a human man and child in a basement ... ted Finn ? what do you do to the spaceship ? it 's in piece ! I tell you not to play with this and you break it ! it take I year to build all this ! ( more ) 74 . ted ( cont 'd ) and what 's it do in the Old West town ? and be that batman ? it do not belong here ! finn I be sorry , uncle Ted . I just want to play . ted well , life be not all play . sometimes it 's serious and it get screw up and you do not feel like play . you just wish for once everything be in the right place . finn ( disappointed ) okay . Finn go off . Ted pick up a tube of krazy glue . emmet wake up ! emmet look at the gum wrapper . confused , he put the wrapper in he purse / backpack . he be startle by : vitruvius I do not suppose this be the restroom ? emmet no. definitely not . ( then , stop he ) hey , can I ask you something ? I keep have this strange dream about a squishy bumpy giant -- vitruvius stop . vitruvius vision of the Maker . quite unusual . emmet what do it mean ? do I have a fate ? vitruvius we all have a fate . but masterbuild be about channele the power of the Maker , and take that fate into we own hand . I guess it could mean what you choose to make it mean . 75 . emmet why do you always talk in weird riddle ? I just want answer . vitruvius then why do not you try building something for yourself ? emmet build himself a little mecha-bird , like the one that vitruvius make earlier . it 's adorable . emmet I be sorry , that 's lame . mecha -bird ( parroting ) that 's lame . that 's lame . the bird fly off a few foot and crash into a tree , lose some piece , then fly off all wobbly . vitruvius not bad . you be learn now . emmet no I be not . I be just copying what you do . vitruvius a dilettante borrow . a true artist steal . he pat he on the head and walk away . after a beat : emmet that make no sense ! vitruvius and all this do ? ext . empura tower - morning Morning be not much different from night at this dark place . helicopter shot : we heroes hike over a hill . at the crest they stop in awe at empura tower , rise from the volcano like a midcentury cork . lucy how the heck be we go to do this ? 76 . emmet it 's okay . I have a plan . lucy really ? emmet this r2 unit have the plan for empura Tower store in its memory bank . lucy that 's convenient . r2 D2 project the blueprint for the fortress . emmet look over it last night , I notice the tower follow the same construction principle as the condo I be building back in legopolis . begin ocean' 11 -style plan sequence , in which we see the thing actually happen as they be describe ! emmet ( v.o. ) we enter through the base here . batman , you will take out all the guard , while the rest of we change into they uniform , and , pose as the new guard , determine my mother 's location . what about a passkey , you ask ? we will not need a passkey or whatever security code they have because we will sneak up the elevator shaft by building we own elevator , which we then take all the way to -- smash ! the elevator be destroy by a descend elevator . back to scene emmet wait . lucy what about this ? she grab the plan . planning sequence # 2 : 77 . lucy ( v.o. ) we put the guard to sleep with gas . then build a kickass window - wash apparatus , which , unbeknownst to the bad , will have all kind of cool weapon inside and ... emmet ( v.o. ) ... be so heavy it will fall under its own weight ... smash ! the window wash apparatus fall and crash . back to scene lucy darn . vitruvius how about this ? planning sequence # 3 : vitruvius ( v.o. ) we build a second tower right next to the first . the whole thing will be a optical illusion , match exactly the visual of the landscape behind the tower . I will be the foreman , and -- crash ! because vitruvius be the foreman , the whole tower fall down . back to scene vitruvius what , be it because I be blind ? batman check this out : planning sequence # 4 batman ( v.o. ) I will take out all the guard with a batarang . then we will bust down the front door with a batter batram , look around corner with a batperiscope . then I will batcharm my way into the lair , and the joker will be there . ( more ) 78 . batman ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I will be lock in a deep struggle with he that be not just physical but psychological . we will talk about how he kill my parent , depend on who you talk to , and how he physical disfigurement and my emotional disfigurement be two side of the same coin . and then Robin will be like " can I help " and we will both be like " no ! " and then -- back to scene neckbeard ahoy ! planning sequence # 5 neckbeard ( v.o. ) we attack with the cannon first ! then convince the guard to mutiny . but then : mermaids ! a curse upon they wick kind ! back to scene lucy stop it ! everyone ! vitruvius Creativity in group be hard . emmet ( v.o. ) unless ... planning sequence # 6 emmet ( v.o. ) we get a bunch of snack and a conference room fill with toy and funny poster , and discuss the plan in a group . we will have rule of play , such as ' yes and , ' not ` no , but ' so we can keep criticism constructive and keep the process move forward , and slowly over many iteration of the process we will add the best thought from everyone until we have a plan that 's more robust and creative than anything any of we could have come up with on he or she own ! 79 . back to scene lucy we do not have time for that . emmet or we can just wing it . everyone agree to wing it . ext . empura tower , service entrace - later a suspicious - look delivery truck show up . there 's one guard back there , talk on he phone . service ninja well , I do not know , I have live alone a long time , and share space with you be a new thing for I ... no it 's not like that ... ( realizing ) hey , we do not order any -- Lucy appear behind he , grab he and gag he . lucy ( man voice , into phone ) I love you please move in with I . we gang quickbuild the truck into a awesome tower climbing device with suction cup . it begin its climb . inside the device , we guy rapidly move brick so that the side face the building be a 8 - bit image of the landscape behind it , make it nearly invisible . int . empura tower - continuous some skeleton be in a board meeting . one look outside and squint . he see a 8 - bit lego version of the landscape slowly pass by . rub he eye , and it 's gone . ext . empura tower - continuous the machine cut through the window of a empty room . we guy crawl inside , nervously ... int . black falcon's office - continuous the office we see earlier . 80 . emmet the Black falcon 's office ! batman my office be bigger . lucy emmet . she motion to a " ideas " notebook . there be nothing in there . there 's also a picture of the bf 's middle school class photo with doris in it . the bf have draw a funny moustache on she . emmet smashes the picture in anger . neckbeard arr , he appointment book be say he be schedule for a massage at four . batman he will get a flipping massage alright . dad Language ! there be kid here . batman who be this nerd ? it 's the diorama family from earlier . still freeze . the family member be separate , unable to touch . son we , uh , can not move . Lucy try to lift the daughter but she 's stick to she chair which be stick to the floor . lucy they will not budge . daughter the bad guy be go to freeze everyone . mom kid ? be you okay ? dad they be alright , baby . son I miss you , mom . 81 . emmet 's heart break . emmet I too . ( then ) this be really sad . how can you keep live like this ? dad well , yeah , we can not be together . we can not touch or see each other . but in here -- and if I could , I would be point to my head -- I be not stick . in my brain we be share a delicious meal together . mom thank you sweetie . daughter pass the mustard . they all play along . lucy that 's pretty elaborate . dad they can freeze you . they can tell you what to do . but they can not stop we secret weapon . idea . ( then ) now go give `em hell . Lucy start to exit . emmet wait . batman , give I you batperiscope . emmet grab some nearby tube and go to work . he 's not a quickbuilder , he 's more methodical . what 's he up to ? int . black falcon's office - moment later emmet place a four - way periscope in front of they face . emmet now at least you can see each other . 82. they smile at one another . emmet smile . Lucy look at he . that 's the guy she use to love . int . hallway - later the Black falcon stomp down the hallway . people tremble in he wake . a flank of bad stop and salute . " the black falcon " you there . listen to I . reveal it 's not the the Black falcon at all , but rather , neckbeard 's head on top of a black - sharpied r2d2 . ninja you have grow a beard . " the black falcon " I be try it out . what do ye think ? ninja it 's very nice . " the black falcon " thank you . arr. ninja be there something in you throat , sir ? " the black falcon " yes . it be a new throat something I be try out . do ye like it ? ninja very much . " the black falcon " say , I beed wonder if you could do I a favor . ninja at you service , commander . " the black falcon " take off you ninja clothes . ninja Sir ? " the black falcon " I be the boss , be not I be ? 83. ninja yes , sir . they do as instruct . into they skivvy . " the black falcon " now pull each other 's head off and kick they way down the hallway where you can not see they anymore . ninja yes , sir -- ow ! " the black falcon " very good . now count to one thousand . ninja ( o.s. ) ( in the distance ) yes sir . suddenly we heroes jump out from the shadow and put on the ninja clothes . " the black falcon " this be awesome . int . think tank - moment later Guards hear the door open and stand at attention . in walk neckbeard and the gang , all dress up as ninjas . they stare up at the think tank . all kind of masterbuilder hook up to tube . awful . you can not help but be upset at the inhumanity of the whole thing . roboskeleton Black falcon ? you be suppose to be at you massage . " the black falcon " I uh ... neckbeard 's head fall off r2d2 . fight ! we guy kick the crap out of the guard , who try and fail to sound a alarm . it 's a bar brawl , and batman really shine . emmet rush up into the think tank and find he mom . everything else slow down . the sound of the fight fall away . he 's so glad to see she . would not you be ? emmet Mom ... 84 . doris what ? emmet ? emmet it 's I , Mom . I have here to save you , so you can save the world . he pull out the masterpiece . black falcon ( o.s. ) I do not think she will be do that . the Black falcon have enter , flanke by bad cop and a legion of robo-soldiers ! vitruvius rodrigo falcone . my old student . it 's time you go back to school ! ( to other ) run ! we heroes make a break for the exit , as vitruvius square off with the Black falcon . vitruvius spin , grab some piece of the think tank and use he staff to guide a electrical bolt at he . the Black falcon deflect . black falcon the old dog still have a few trick . but I guess you friend do not tell you that I be flanke by like a hundred soldier . now ! roboninjas fling a rubber band from a paperclip ( like when they get doris in Act I ) and it bind he instantly . black falcon get the rest of they ! int . empura tower , hallway - continuous we heroes book it . emmet help doris . lucy why will not anything in this hallway break off ?! batman it 's kragle -frozen ! batcrap ! reveal bad cop and the roboninjas close in on they . 85 . neckbeard Lucy . lucy yes ? neckbeard I want you to know , I love you . lucy I too ... neckbeard and even if the world be end , and we all get freeze , I would feel better about the whole situation if I could get freeze with you as my bride . lucy be you really do this ? neckbeard Lucy . will you take I hand in marriage ? metaphorically . Lucy stop , freeze ... with indecision ! she look at emmet . emmet smile bravely at she as he run . lucy um ... Lucy 's indecision make she fall behind and a rubber band fling and wrap she up ! neckbeard try to change direction but wind up roll down the hall . neckbeard Lucy ! bad cop et al reload . emmet Mom ! hurry ! fling ! doris be wrap up . emmet no ! fling ! emmet be wrap up , with the masterpiece still in he hand . 86 . doris no ! neckbeard try to go back and rescue they , but batman grab he head . well , all of he , really . batman we can not win this . we have get to hide and make a new plan . neckbeard ( know he 's right ) arrr ! batman , benny , neckbeard and r2 D2 run around the corner . bad cop have round up Lucy , emmet , and doris . bad cop ( to robo - soldier ) take this perp to the Black falcon 's office . the rest of you , follow I . look like we will be play a little game of hide and seek . he put on he lego sunglass , tough cop-style . int . empura tower , black falcon's office - moment later now emmet , doris , Lucy and vitruvius be all tie up in a row face the window . the Black falcon inspect he prisoner . the black falcon aw how cute . mother and son ... together at last . and what 's this ? he take the masterpiece out of emmet 's hand . the black falcon I have be look for a paperweight . ( to emmet ) do you really think you be go to come up here and save the day ? you be a follower , my friend . you do not have the stuff . ( to doris ) and you . you must be real proud of this one , huh ? he 's a credit to the family . just like he talentless father . 87 . this sting . he be not nice . emmet Mom , I be so sorry . doris I know sweetie . emmet just - tell I everything 's go to be okay . doris I wish I could , son . emmet Mom ... why do not you -- why do not you teach I what you know ? doris I want you to be safe . I think you would be happier . when I see you with that funny draw , it be so marvelous . and then I think of what you life would be , how everyone would treat you . I just could not let that happen . emmet I know you be the chosen one , but -- I just wish you have let I choose for myself . ouch . doris feel awful . the fight 's stop . doris I ... I do not know what to say . the black falcon you guy want to see it ? let I take you up to the construction site ! thing be about to get a little sticky down here . he push a big red button and the ground begin to shake . the Black falcon smile . ext . empura tower - continuous the tower begin transform . wing come out . rocket fire , and the volcano erupt ! the tower blast off like a rocketship with thunderous power . it climb high into the air and smashes through the lego sky ! 88. int . empura tower , black falcon's office - continuous they stare agape out of the picture window as the world fall away . they be now in ... ext . outer space - continuous when we look below , we see all the land we have visit , each wall silo apart from one another . like the neuron in emmet 's brain at the start of the movie . pan up to find a scary , gray , huge four - peg lego brick , make out of million of smaller lego brick . the tower dock with it , a perfect tetris piece that make it finally whole . this be the spacestation superbrick . int . superbrick - continuous Inside it 's a enormous indoor instruction site fill with instruction worker work on something big . the Black falcon 's office penthouse be one of the top peg , look over everything like a control tower . emmet notice he instruction worker pal from Act I . emmet they get promote ... the black falcon behold : the superkragle thingy part ii . reveal a huge robotic monster , a hundred man tall , like a mechanical godzilla-raptor . it have a name plate read " bring to you by empura " . the black falcon it 's my best work . emmet but you do not do anything . the black falcon be you kid ? you think the masterbuilder just up and force themselves to think of this ? do that guy force themselves to build it ? no. I do . ergo , it 's mine . ( then ) look down there . 89 . the Black falcon look down upon all he dominion , separate by wall , like lego set line up together . the black falcon magnificent , be not it ? and now it will be just the way I want . a worker put the last piece on . another flip a switch . the superkragle thingy part ii ( " skt2 " ) light up ! the black falcon release the kragle ! they watch below as hundred of bad guy in helmet stream into hundred of cockpit all over the skt2 . they put in ignition key in unison . the skt2 thunder to life as the hangar door open and it rocket out of the superbrick ... int . superbrick , kraglethingy instruction site - continuous hiding inside a supply closet , watch through a crack , be benny , neckbeard , batman and r2d2 . Guards look for they . batman that do not look good . neckbeard when do we get to the part about come up with a plan ? benny I have get a plan . neckbeard uh-oh . he point across the hangar : there be a bunch of spaceship . neckbeard what about Lucy and the other ? benny we will come back for they . after we stop that kragle . he 's right . they make a break for it , as the huge hangar door start close . they run up to a black spaceship . 90 . benny can we go in the blue one ? bad cop spot they , flanke by roboninjas . bad cop there they be ! bad cop and the roboninjas run after they . neckbeard what do it matter ? benny I fly better in blue . they run over to the blue spaceship and pile in just in time to blast off just as the hangar door close ! bad cop no ! re-open the door ! everyone in ship ! go ! roboninja dude , you do not have to yell . the roboninjas pop off they ninja veil and pop on space helmet , climb in the remain ship and take off ! ext . legopia - continuous the skt2 land with a earth - shatter thoom ! animal scurry ! it 's the most impressive thing in the universe . int . superbrick - continuous bf 's executive window have become a huge monitor . the Black falcon watch skt2 on it and bark order into a microphone . the black falcon left. right. straight . now stand up super tall and scary ! ext . legopia - continuous the operator of the skt2 follow he every command , until it stop at a tiny house . a hobbit come out , piss . hobbit every time !-- 91 . the hobbit 's jaw drop as he look up and take in the sight of the skt2 belching a fine mist of glue all over he and the rest of the hobbit hut . he freeze ! int . think tank - continuous black falcon bahahahahahahaha !! ext . legopia - continuous the skt2 laugh the same way , then belch glue- mist over the entire land . leap deer freeze mid-leap . the waterfall stop mid-flow . when it 's do , the skt2 leap into the air like the hulk , landing in ... ext . legopolis - continuous emmet 's house . smash ! the skt2 's foot smashes down . Pan up to show it about to freeze emmet 's hometown . int . superbrick - continuous strapped in rubber band , all we heroes can do be watch the horror on the monitor . doris turn away . doris it 's too horrible to bear . vitruvius what be ? describe it to I . I feel really really leave out ! emmet the world be end . emmet look around , and eye the masterpiece , sit on the console as a paperweight . next to it be the magnifying glass on the Black falcon 's desk that he use like 70 page ago . emmet get a idea . ext . outer space - same time benny fly in crazy curly - cue as he avoid bad cop 's army of bad guy spaceship ! he also jettison small piece along the way . 92 . batman go down to the city ! what be you do ? benny Calling for help from my space friend ! wide , we see the jettison piece have form skywrite : s.o.s. neckbeard what , a bunch of mop ? there be no space friend ! just go ! benny alright , you do not have to be mean about it . he head for the city way down below . ext . legopolis - same time the skt2 belch a gluey mist around the city ! ext . krazy koffee - continuous Larry , the barrista , step out and do a full - on Laura dern holy - flip-it' -a-dinosaur jaw drop . the skt2 stomp around belching . larry &lt ; sigh &gt ; of course . other coffee guy what the heck be happen ? larry I think a big dinobot be freezing everything with mucusy sneeze . other coffee guy so we be doom ? what do we do ? larry I do not know . complain ? the crazy mecha - bird that emmet build land nearby . larry I mean , it 's not like we can do anything . 93. mechabird ( parroting ) ... we can do anything ! ... we can do anything ! the mechabird land on the other barrista . other coffee guy how annoying . larry wait a minute ... we zoom into larry brain ! the same thing that happen to emmet . synapse fire . he get .... a idea ! Larry put two piece together . the 2001 theme play ... ... in we head , but not in the actual soundtrack , because that would be super cliché . other coffee guy what be you do ? larry I do not know exactly . I be just go with it . his friend follow suit . this catch on , and the citizen of legopolis start to build all kind of crazy mecha -bird ! Larry 's be the most fanciful . other coffee guy Larry . my goodness . the bird take off and start to flock together . they fly up and get in the way of the robot 's eyeline . int . superbrick - continuous the black falcon what ?! this be terrible ! I can not see ! ( to vitruvius ) no offense . ( then ) who the heck do that ? the remote camera focus on Larry the barrista . lucy that guy ?! 94 . the black falcon hey ! guy ! swipe ! swipe ! no ! you be do it wrong ! ugh ... this be a disaster ! while the Black falcon be distract , emmet slowly hop over to the desk and bump it , jostling the magnify glass half over the edge of the desk . he shimmy under it . the magnify glass lens concentrate the light and start to burn away the rubber band bind he up . black falcon do I smell something burn ? it smell like a tire fire in here . lucy ( covering ) Excuse I . the Black falcon go back to bark order . meanwhile , the rubber band be almost burn through . emmet struggle to move himself closer and burn he hand . emmet ( sotto ) ow ! and he 's free ! yes ! behind bf 's back , he frees he mom and hand she the masterpiece . emmet ( sotto ) mom. go . do whatever you be suppose to do ! doris I ... do not know what to do . so tired ... doris be super out of it . lucy she 's too weak . you have to do it . emmet do what ? what can I do ? emmet unty Lucy . 95 . lucy I believe in you , emmet . I be mad because you disappointed I for a while , but since it be not you fault , I be willing to give you a mulligan on it . emmet a what ? lucy a mulligan . it 's from golf . emmet you play golf ? lucy the point be , you have spend you whole life want to fit in and have friend , by pretend to be something you be not . but now that you have let the real you shine through , you have make some friend who like you for who you be . and even if they be just a crazy spaceman and a pirate head and a blind man and a intern -- emmet you like I ? lucy I do . emmet neckbeard like I ? lucy ... sure . emmet but ... I be not the chosen one . lucy you want to make you own choice , right ? so choose yourself . emmet look down on it . then down on he arm . the burn MARK from just a minute a go be in the shape of a STAR . emmet nuh uh . 96 . emmet 's eye roll back . he can suddenly " see " the piece , like we have see other masterbuilder do . but in a way that 's even cooler than how they do . he smile . the Black falcon turn around , finally notice . the black falcon wait , what 's go on ?! what the hell be you smile about ?! emmet this . he use the masterpiece , the loose piece on the desk , and the Maker relic he would be collect the whole movie to build something strange . it 's a large circle with the laser pointer bounce off the reflect gum wrapper with the masterpiece on top , form a badass look laser portal to infinity . doris what be it , emmet ? emmet I do not know . it just come to I . vitruvius you have channel the Maker and choose you fate . you have choose to be the chosen one . the black falcon you be go to defeat I by make some kind of art ? ha ha ha ! oh let I put on my pink floyd album so I can totally zone out ! ha ha ha this be so lame ! emmet slowly walk towards it , and light from the portal swell , envelop emmet completely . he disappear ! and the portal with it ! black falcon whoa . that be weird . ext . legopolis - continuous the skt2 be swatting away bird and staggering around . the black falcon ( o.s. ) ( in cockpit headsets ) crush they ! stomp on they before they get any more idea ! 97 . the skt2 lift a giant mecha-leg above a crowd of barristas and cityfolk , who run in panic under the huge shadow , about to be crush , when ... larry what the heck be that ?! in come benny , neckbeard and batman in they spaceship ! it shoot at the skt2 's foot , and it pull its foot away ! yeah ! but they little pea-shooter can do little damage to this goliath overall . benny wow , that thing be really big . neckbeard uh , benny ... hot on they tail be bad cop and the other spaceship , who pursue benny 's ship through the skyscraper all around legopolis ! so begins the most awesome aerial lego battle of all time ! int . superbrick - continuous the Black falcon rock the mic . the black falcon get that spaceship out of there ! I do not want to freeze space stuff in the city --oof ! vitruvius just suckerpunch he ! the Black falcon stare at vitruvius , Lucy , and doris , ready to fight . beat , then : the Black falcon run away ! he open he closet door , pull a escape hatch , and shoot off . lucy what do we do ? doris go after he . they grab part around the office and quickbuild they own spaceship out of a desk and whatever they can find . 98 . ext . legopolis - continuous the sky battle continue as the Black falcon zoom down to the city , dock he escape hatch spaceship into the central cockpit of the skt2 , and assume command . the black falcon if you want to get something do , you have to do it yourself !!! he push a button mark " turbo " and send a nuclear bomb of kragle belch out of the skt2 's mouth . larry Quick , everyone ! run behind it ! get away from the mist ! the army of citizen run as fast as it can towards the skt2 to avoid get in the line of glue , but the kragle blast arrive , and many of they be frozen ! more vignettes around legopolis : - a person be about to vote . frozen ! - two teens with brace be about to have they first kiss on the prom dance floor . frozen ! - a baby be deliver to he father . doctor it 's a b-- frozen ! - a street performer pretend to be a robot freeze ! int . inter-dimensional light tunnel - same time surrounded by laserbeam , emmet be levitate through the universe . he be split into piece - like he be become one with the fabric of the universe . he be travel between the seam . eventually rise straight towards the brightest star in the sky . the closer we get , we realize that it be not a star at all , but a hole in the fabric of the universe . a hole just barely big enough for emmet to fit through . well , not quite big enough . he be stick . 99 . ext . basement - continuous emmet finally wiggle through a hole in a black piece of felt fabric . he rub he eye and see a entire human - size basement in a live action world . it 's like nothing emmet have ever see before . he marvel at a coffee cup with pencil in it . stare at he reflection in a snowglobe . emmet so ... not square . something catch he eye . he turn around and see a entire lego universe laid out below . it 's a more mundane version of emmet 's world : the land be not as vast , tower not as tall , but it 's all there : representation of the city , waterfall , space cube , etc . each area separate by wall - backdrop laid down by a collector . it 's pretty much the coolest collection of lego set anyone could ever hope to build . he look at he foot and see ton of loose lego part . he realize he 's stand in the middle of a bin of leftover lego piece . emmet the Maker . it 's all real ... he look up to see ted , a human be , stare at he . emmet ted dahhh !!!! dahhh !!!! emmet run ! Ted try to brush emmet away , cause a pen knife to fall on Ted 's hand . emmet ted it just try to kill I ! it just try to kill I ! begin funny chase sequence : - emmet grab a cocktail toothpick and parry Ted 's flyswatter . - emmet jump on Ted and Ted try to get he off . emmet cling to Ted 's ear , scream into it . - emmet punch Ted in the face while Ted swing and miss emmet because he be so small . ted what the heck be you ?! 100 . emmet what the heck be you ?! ted I be a person . emmet I be a person . you on the other hand be a giant squishy beast . ted you be a talk toy . this be considerably less cute than I have be lead to believe . Ted touch emmet 's face . emmet touch Ted 's face . they do a version of the mirror bit from duck Soup . emmet so ugly ... emmet put he hand up Ted 's nose . emmet what be this ?! Ted sneeze all over emmet . emmet ahhhhhh !!! ted calm down ! where do you come from ? emmet look back towards the lego set . it 's all mess up from the fight . emmet do you build that ? ted yeah , but it 's seriously mess up . emmet be you the Maker ? ted the what ? ( then ) finn !!! Finn come bound downstairs . 101 . finn what ? Finn stop in he track . ted be you see this ? finn yeah . emmet two maker ? ted how do this -- what be -- my set , they 're all -- finn the guy . they need my help . ted against what ? finn against the kragle . ted the what ? emmet the kragle . the thing that be freezing everything together . ted oh. krazy glue ? he gesture to a big box of krazy glue tube . emmet gasp in horror . emmet good Lord . ted what ? I be use this to glue my set together . so it will not get mess up by the kid . emmet but then -- it can never change . ted exactly . it 's the only thing in my life that 's perfect . ( more ) 102 . ted ( cont 'd ) I can not find a job that do not make I hate myself . my girlfriend dumped I for a rich trustafarian ... dingale , be what he be , and I be watch my sister 's kid while she have a fun time party in the hampton with she annoying brood of hot girlfriend who will not have a thing to do with I , and the only thing I have in my life that make any sense , that I have any control over be that perfect world right there . emmet but ... nothing be perfect unless it can change . you can make something , you know , and it can be great , for a while , but then ... then someone maybe add to it , make something new out of it . and that keep happen until it become something that a single person could never envision . Truth be , create alone be never as good as create with other . ted see. no . that 's not true - because with other , they do not see thing the same way , so -- emmet I know . you want to control everything . I get it . but if you succeed , in the end , all you ' will ever have be what you have get . ted what else could I have ? emmet who know ? that 's the best part . Ted look at Finn . then at emmet . then at he glue . he get something and hand it to emmet . it 's a glue cap . ted use this . emmet what be it ? 103 . ted what be it ? it 's the can -- finn Cone of power . it 's call the Cone of power . ted okay . the Cone of power . finn put it on the kragle to stop it . ted yeah . try that . emmet thank you . it be nice to meet you both , disgusting squishy giant Maker creature and smaller , messier giant Maker creature . finn Nice to meet you . emmet I should go save the world now . emmet turn and go back through the makerpeeper hole , back through the portal . Ted pick up a bottle of krazy glue-dissolving mineral spirit and turn to Finn . ted let 's play . ext . inter-dimensional tunnel - moment later emmet careen through the laser tunnel towards legopolis . like a meteor reenter the Earth 's atmosphere . ext . legopolis - continuous emmet hit the ground , make a lego crater . he raise the Cone of power and dash toward the skt2 . the black falcon detach and mobilize ! stop that loser ! remember how I say there be hundred of bad in lego cockpit all over the skt2 ? 104 . well , that guy jump out and form a ground army of robo - viking and skeleton and such ! emmet charge for they , seriously outman . lead the charge be bad cop in he Police -spaceship . he have emmet in he sight ... he close in , fire he blaster , when he look up for a minute to see ... benny hello ! benny 's ship , head straight for he ! benny , neckbeard , batman and r2 D2 dive out just before they ship crash into bad cop 's , breaking he and he ship to piece ! benny et al land safely , right next to emmet . emmet thanks for drop in . batman I hope we be not impose . emmet and the gang quickbuild - fight against the army . neckbeard headbutt a row of skeleton - they fall like domino . batman use he batara to pop off the head of a row of robo-vikings . but the badguy spaceship be still circle and shoot . batman there 's too many of they ! neckbeard they be come at we from all side ! benny guy ! look up ! my space friend ! they get my message ! a fleet of spaceship arrive , fill with assort character . for example , Harry Potter and Indiana Jones and han solo be all in the millennium falcon . han solo anything for you , benny ! indy ( to han ) hey , you look familiar . also , there be a spaceship drive by a bunch of mop . Lucy , doris and vitruvius be in they office desk - shape spaceship . neckbeard shout up from below ! 105 . neckbeard Lucy ! lucy neckbeard ! we need to talk ... on larry the barrista look at the the desk ship . larry I could build such a better ship than that . other coffee guy why do not we ? they do ! other people look around follow suit , but in they own unique way . they all shoot off , until collectively , they have form a armada of silly ship ! even King Karl fly in on he dino-rocket and join the air battle as the land battle wage on . on emmet amid the massive battle on air and land , emmet make he way through the army to the superkraglethingy 2 ... on the black falcon Inside the skt2 . the black falcon do not you mom tell you ? she design this thing with a missile launcher ! he flip a switch and the skt2 extend a mecha-arm , launching a huge missile right towards emmet ! int . lucy desk -spaceship - continuous amidst the air battle , doris look out the window to see emmet on the ground , about to be hit by the missile . doris emmet ! she steel herself . get some of she energy back . lucy doris , be you okay back there ? 106 . but doris be go . she 's free-falling to the ground . lucy doris ?! why do she do that ? vitruvius the connection between a mother and son be a powerful thing . lucy but it 's certain death . vitruvius on the contrary . it 's connection like that that give the best chance to survive ... Lucy look out to the Larry 's fanciful armada . hmmmm ... ext . legopolis - continuous doris gather she strength in mid-air . start building a protective shield to cover she and emmet . can she do it ? yes ! she land with confidence . poise . strength . a shield around she son , as well as she loving embrace . boom ! the missile explode , but they stand firm . doris get you hand off my flipping son . doris attack the bad with heretofore unseen ferocity . she break apart streetlamp and make weapon . a mother protect she son . she 's like a whirling , quickbuild kung - fu superstar . she be the best fighter in the universe . emmet Mom ... wow. just ... wow . doris I be the chosen one , remember ? emmet I guess that make two of we . they start to fight together . kick much butt . it 's superbadass and incredibly heartwarming to see they finally work as a team . 107 . doris I be wrong , emmet . ( bam ! ) all this time I be try to keep you from get hurt , so I tell you not to make wave . ( pow ! ) I be just so glad that I get to see the beautiful wave you finally get to make . ( socko !) emmet ( wham ! ) I love you , mom. ( crack ! ) they make they way to the skt2 , but the Black falcon see they come ! the black falcon aw . that 's sweet . I want to take a picture so I can remember you like this forever ! the skt2 take in a big inhale , about to freeze they ... when in land the most colorful and whimsical superrobot ever . exactly opposite of the skt2 . it 's make up of all the ship that the citizen of legopolis have build . this be whimsybot , and lucy 's be in the center . emmet Lucy ? how do you do that ? lucy I use a few connection . lego robot fight ! whimsy bot clock skt2 ! they knock over building ! whamo ! it 's awesome ! the whimsy bot gain the upper hand , knock the skt2 on its butt ! this give emmet and doris a clear pathway to climb on to the skt2 and scramble up to the cockpit where the Black falcon be . doris rip open the cockpit with she bare hand . she jump in and kick the Black falcon 's ass . doris emmet , now 's you chance ! emmet scramble to the skt2 's mouth , hold the Cone of power at the kragle . but at the last second , he route be cut off by the black falcon , hold doris hostage . the black falcon nuh-uh-uh . one step closer , and bye - bye mommy . now go away , you freak , you weirdo , you loser . you do not belong here . you do not belong anywhere . 108 . emmet get a idea - we see this as we have before . emmet you be right . I do not belong here ... and he run away ... or do he ? no ! he run around the back of the skt2 and tunnel in through the back of its head ! he lift the cone of power ! emmet I belong here ! the black falcon no ! emmet Rest in piece . and he cap the kragle . yeah !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! a beat . then the whole skt2 explode into a million lego piece ! emmet and doris and the Black falcon be throw high into the air . over at the volcano across the world : the Black falcon fall into the volcano lava lamely . plop . down in legopolois , everyone gasp . it seem the skt2 explosion kill emmet and doris . that 's when two enormous five - finger lego cloud shape like hand , one grow up one , one kid one , enter the frame from above . the hand of the maker ( 's ) . they catch emmet and doris in midair , and put they together safely on the ground . emmet hold the original kragle tube , and give it back to the cloud hand , which take it up in the sky in a marvelous light show . think the abyss , or Close encounter . everyone stare at it , admire the artistry . the light shine in they face . int . basement - continuous we see Finn and Ted play together . be silly . they " flip " the krazy glue end over end into the garbage . finn and ted &lt ; explosion noise &gt ; 109 . ext . legopolis - continuous the land begin to unfreeze ! - a person vote ! - two teens with brace finally kiss ! - a baby be deliver to he father . doctor --oy ! father thank God ! - the robot performer unfreeze ! but do not move . :( int . superbrick - same time the freeze diorama family unfreeze , and wrap each other in a big family hug . ext . all around the legoverse - continuous the wall of the different world come crumbling down . Knights hug cop ; wizard hug robot ; everyone cheer . batman hug princess leia , who be creepe out . ext . legopolis , battlefield - same time Lucy emerge from the wreckage . she look around . lucy what the heck just happen ? emmet something totally foofy . emmet hug Lucy and they kiss as well as a minifig can . meanwhile , neckbeard and doris check each other out a little . neckbeard ( winking ) ahoy there . smash to black .