the invisible woman written by abi Morgan Blue revision date 11th June 2012 1 . ext . beach . margate . kent . day . 1885 . the steady footfall of a woman 's boot , sink in wet sand - the rise and fall of a woman 's breath - mrs GEORGE wharton robinson aka ' nelly 's , head down consume by think , etching a line across the sand , like charcoal on paper until - nelly stop look out at the endless grey margate coastline beyond , eye dark and lose in some deep troubled distraction , a sense she have walk as far as the landscape will let she - heart beat , chest rise , she stand until - she turn , head down , once more walk , as she pick up she pace - the swoop and call of gull , skim the pier , overhead . int . school hall . schoolhouse . margate . day . 1885 . a school hall - on a raise stage , a young school boy in fake moustache dress as a waiter , stand in wait . two more schoolboys , dress in climb costume , sit at a cafe table close by . a back cloth of the swiss alp strung up behind . a young male teacher mr lambourne [ late 20' ] hover distract , clearly try to organise a errant backstage . in the wing just visible , prop maker and stage manager adjust collar on schoolboy actor ; a angelic lion [ 6 year ] wait with other , bored and tired in floormop wig and paint nose , yawn as he peek out to the auditorium beyond to see - reverend william benham [ mid 5us ] sit , silently wait , in the makeshift stall , read through a playscript entitle - no thoroughfare : a Drama in five act by Charles dicken and wilkie Collins . Beyond a small orchestra of schoolboys just visible ina makeshift orchestra pit ; a jolly schoolboy percussionist tighten a nut on a wide drum . a teenage violinist wax the string on a viola , a schoolboy oboist and pianist quietly tune up , look to the clock overhead . the sense of time ticking on - 3a Blue revision date 11th June 2012 2 . distant murmur of voice passing -— mr GEORGE wharton [ early 30' ] headmaster , clergyman and husband , just visible escort a portly parent along a distant corridor . GEORGE here be the theatre . the boy always perform a short play at the end of term , highly popular with the parent . theatre be a abide interest of my wife 's . which of course I delight in ! he smile at benham , a share look of quizzical concern , a clock tick overhead . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) be she still not here ? benham shrug , smile benignly . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) Mr and Mrs featherstone may I introduce Mr benham . Mr benham be invaluable to the school . he assist my wife with penny reading and other charitable event . you will often find they in corner plotting they next money raise venture . the cast , orchestra and benham wait on - GEORGE ( cont 'd ) ( move on ) shall we move on ? ext . cliff . outside school . margate . day . 1885 . 3 nelly clamber over sandy dune see a small town in the distance . she hurry on . ext . path . near school . margate . day . 1885 3a nelly ascend a small path in the town . she walk briskly towards a schoolhouse and enter . int . hallway . schoolhouse . margate . day . 1885 . 4 mary , the may carry a tray with oil lamp on pass GEORGE and the portly parent head towards the study - Blue revision date 11th June 2012 3 . GEORGE Mary , tea if you please . mary quietly disgruntled , slide the tray down , turn to head back to the kitchen . a shadowy figure just visible through the glass , nelly on the approach - the swing of the front door open , nelly hurriedly pull off hat and scarf , just see GEORGE , close the door of he study - GEORGE ( cont 'd ) ( hushed ) Mr benham have be here since - nelly ( nod ) yes .. yes .. I be so sorry . GEORGE Mr lambourne have be organise the boy as best he can . nelly I lose all sense of time . nelly hurry along the corridor , a sense of activity as she pass - — nelly ( cont 'd ) ( in pass ) careful with that corner , langan - a schoolboy nod , carry a huge piece of scenery with another boy follow nelly through a distant door into - int . schoolhall . margate . day . 1885 . and at once , nelly be on - the schoolboys smile with relief on see - nelly Mr benham I be so sorry .. I be here .. I be here . nelly look to the schoolboys with a reassure smile and a smile of thanks to lambourne . nelly ( cont 'd ) ( to all ) forgive I . dear boy . nelly , energy infectious , light up the room as she enter . Blue revision date 11th June 2012 4 . nelly ( cont 'd ) let 's go from the third act . Mr benham must not see all we trick quite yet or there will be nothing leave to show he tomorrow . benham it be cold outside . nelly it be . but it clear the mind . benham it do . it do . benham clutches a couple of volume of dicken - great expectation and David copperfield . benham ( cont 'd ) it would be good to decide on the reading before the end of term . nelly yes .. yes of course .. I be happy to consider you suggestion . maybe later ? nelly waver , nod , smile , turn she attention back to the boy . nelly ( cont 'd ) laurenson ? tanner ? be we ready ? good . nelly smile at the schoolboy actor , with encouragement . she nod to mr lambourne . nelly ( cont 'd ) Mr lambourne , be you happy with everything as it be ? lambourne nod . nelly ( cont 'd ) ( eyeing waiter ) the moustach work well , I think . suddenly geoffrey wharton robinson [ 6yr ] the angelic lion peer from behind the wing . nelly , eye he nelly ( cont 'd ) no geoffrey , dear . not yet . you come in on the final line . ( hushed ) we do not want to scare Mr benham just yet or he may not return . Blue revision date 11th June 2012 5 . geoffrey nod , nelly smile , hurry to take she place next to benham . benham I recall no lion in Mr dicken and Mr Collins play , Mrs wharton Robinson . nelly a little dramatic licence . I be confident that Mr dicken would have let it pass - nelly deflect , with a smile . nelly ( cont 'd ) shall we begin ? nelly nod to a old stage manager . nelly ( cont 'd ) yate , would you drop the back . the old stage manager nod , hurry to drop a scenery cloth , revealing a mountain landscape . the schoolboys begin a short musical introduction . mr lambourne indicate the pace with a nod of he head . school boy 1 well , my lad , the day be break at last . nelly be up at once - nelly ..- no .. the day have break , hadley . on benham notice - nelly ( cont 'd ) let get it right . the earnest schoolboy mountaineer nod . school boy 1 well , my lad the day have break - nelly consol , offer a nod and we be away as the scene break into life on the stage , as the schoolboy waiter serve coffee to the schoolboy mountaineers , lose in earnest act - — school boy 1 ( cont ’d ) what do you say to the weather , now ? school boy 2 I say the weather will do . Blue revision date 11th June 2012 5a . school boy 3 I say doubtful ! school boy 2 I say - bad ! Blue revision date 11th June 2012 6 . nelly 's hand silently still the absent tap of a errant schoolboy 's foot against he chair as he sit ina makeshift prompt box close by . nelly ( shouting out ) a little louder if you please John . the school conductor nods to a keen violinist , bow at the ready — school boy 2 I can see for myself that there 's a storm come . then he nod to a large schoolboy who rattles a metal storm sheet , whilst the jolly percussionist turn a wind drum , and a third schoolboy shift a tin of peas , building in momentum like icy drop of sleeting rain , all just visible in the makeshift wing . school boy 2 ( cont ’d ) I smell the snow - the rising sound of percussive storm louder now - school boy 2 ( cont ’d ) ...- I feel the hurricane , in the air . two schoolboy mountaineers cross the stage , join the cafe scene school boy 3 well be you ready at last ? the back and forth of the metal STORM tray rattling , the percussive tamba build in steady rhythm suddenly slicing with - int . carriage . train . near staplehurst . kent . day . 1865 . 6 the tearing steady rhythm of train wheel against steel and track -— the streak of countryside , fleeting and abstracted , a blur of light and colour beyond . school boy 4 vo I be sick and weary of all this delay then just visible in the glass , nelly [ mid 20' ] reflection indistinct yet rippling in the glass - Blue revision date 11th June 2012 7 . school boy 3 vo you hear what my friend say ? do you cross the mountain with we or not ? int . schoolhall . margate . day . 1885 . 7 nelly , seemingly lose in watch the play , oblivious to benham ' 's brief gaze , quietly observant , note little to give away she state of distraction bar the steam of she wet boot and the sense that she mind be always elsewhere - school boy 3 Fair weather or foul , I have no time to lose . and I be for push on - but still benham clock it , look back , resume watch - the school boy moutaineers climb a mountainous pile of plaster and cardboard alp . the endless icy landscape beyond and swirl of the percussive STORM deafening in the orchestra pit - a young percussionist swill peas in a tin tray , create the noise of fall rain . it build and build - all carry nelly far away , deep within she mind - ext . STREET . free trade hall . manchester . 1857 . day . 8 pouring rain - the impressive Manchester free Trade hall loom above - the turn of wheel over wet cobble - — the steaming flank of horse , hoove treading wet cobble as they pull a carriage to a still - finger reaching up to unfasten a carriage door , charley dicken [ 18 year ] stand hold a umbrella wait - a young nelly [ 18 year ] step down from the carriage to be greet by charley , hold up the umbrella , try to shroud she from the pour rain . charley ( hold out a hand ) miss ellen , welcome . I be charley dicken . welcome to Manchester . nelly smile , suddenly a glove clasped in she hand fall to the ground . charley at once bend down pick it up . Blue revision date 11th June 2012 8 . nelly thank you .. behind nelly , mrs france ternan [ late 40 's ] nelly 's mother a bright , lively woman peer out into the grey of Manchester life . charley welcome .. welcome .. Mrs ternan . mrs ternan charley , thank you . so wet . charley yes , do be careful . maria ternan [ 20 year ] nelly 's sister smile clutching a hat box - charley ( cont 'd ) miss Maria . come inside .. come inside .. the sway of crinoline skim the rainy pavement - charley ( cont 'd ) my father be wait . the other be already here . what a day ! nelly , mrs ternan guide by charley towards the entrance of the free Trade hall pass a poster advertising - — the frozen deep by Mr. wilkie Collins . under the management of Mr. Charles dicken clearly visible on a billboard overhead - maria nelly , look - maria beam , eye search the poster , at last find Mrs france ternan , miss Maria ternan , miss ellen ternan . nelly , maria and mrs ternan peer at the poster with quiet awe . nelly yes , there we be . mrs ternan the print be a little small , but no matter . charley beyond wait . mrs ternan ushere maria and nelly inside . they bonnet and skirt a flash of colour against the grey of Manchester life all around - 10 Blue revision date 11th June 2012 9 . int . corridor . free trade hall . manchester . 1857 . day . 9 charley lead the trio of woman along a impressive wood line corridor . chair stack either side . he lead they through into - int . MAIN hall . free trade hall . manchester . 1857 . day 10 the opulent and magnificent interior of the free Trade Hall - painting of the king and queen of England flank one side of the wall as charley lead they towards - a beautiful theatre in the final moment of construction at the far end of the vast hall . carpenter , stage management , gaslight engineer work around the distant figure of charle dicken [ mid 40' ] lose in direct the stage hand and stage management in place the scenery on the stage . dicken yes .. yes .. if we could have the flat over there .. we need to create as much space as possible . . we 'il probably have to bring everyting to the leave .. what work at tavistock house will seem lose here .. we set look like a toy theatre if we do not - charley lead nelly , mrs ternan and maria towards the stage - charley Father - dicken turn and at once he be lose behind a huge flat of paint rock be manoeuver into place on the stage . once the scenery have past , he be reveal . he jump down from the stage , spring across the hall , smile , arm outstretch delight in they arrival - dicken at last we have a full company ! Mrs ternan welcome . mrs ternan Mr dicken . ( surveying theatre ) what a beautiful theatre you have build for we . dicken we have try . I be glad . welcome miss Maria .. a good journey I hope ? Blue revision date 11th June 2012 10 . maria yes .. yes .. Mr dicken . thank you . mrs ternan it be quite comfortable . dicken good. good . and you must be miss ellen ternan . dicken stop , mid way through shaking they hand , pause on nelly , with a smile . dicken ( cont 'd ) you have meet my eldest son charley of course . nelly yes..yes .. he very kindly rescue my glove . dicken ah , the gallant chevalier ! dicken grip charley 's shoulder in pass , turn to present they to the member of the company - dicken ( cont 'd ) lady and gentleman may we welcome we newcomer , miss ellen who be help we in we hour of need . ( to nelly ) we wish you sister france well . be it the haymarket or Phoenix we have lose she to ? nelly the haymarket . she be so sad not to be here . mrs ternan but nelly will give you a wonderful performance - dicken I have no doubt . dicken smile , the member of the company on the approach , welcoming . dicken , in a spiral of energy , enthusiastically enjoy the performance of this introduction - — dicken ( cont 'd ) now Maria , Mrs ternan you know everyone from we previous rehearsals .. Blue revision date 11th June 2012 11 . mrs ternan yes..y .. I remember .. some familiar face . I remember . dicken miss ellen may I introduce you to we family of actor - mr egg [ early 40 's ] mr lemon [ mid 40' ] and miss sabine [ early 30 's ] smile and shaking hand , surround mrs ternan , nelly and maria . dicken ( cont 'd ) Mr lemon , Mr Egg , miss sabine ... Mr berger , we brilliant young composer - — mr berger [ mid 2us ] amongst the swell of welcoming actor - dicken ( cont 'd ) Mr Evans , Mr piggot .. I would like to introduce you to we author Mr Collins - dicken look beyond , eye search with wry irritation - dicken ( cont 'd ) but as ever he be late .. and of course some of my own family - mamey dicken [ 17 year ] and katey dicken [ 16 year ] dicken 's eldest daughter and georgina hogarth [ early / mid 30' ] catherine 's sister close by - dicken ( cont 'd ) my daughter mamey , katey and my sister in law miss georgina hogarth . and here be - dicken round up four boy frank [ 13 year ] , alfred [ 12 year ] , sydney [ 10 year ] henry dicken [ 8 year ] tapping they head with percussive aplomb on every name - dicken ( cont 'd ) Frank - ( tap ) Alfred - ( tap ) Sydney - ( tap ) Henry .... ( tap ) where be youngest boy -? edward ' plorn 's dicken [ 5 year ] nervously peer out from behind dicken , dicken mock search behind he coat tail . 11 Blue revision date 11th June 2012 12 . dicken ( cont 'd ) plorn . do not hide there . dicken at once scoops plorn up in he arm , smile . nelly watch enchant , the name and face already a blur . dicken ( cont 'd ) and that be it .. I think .. and ..of course , my wife - Beyond , catherine dicken [ early 40 's ] dicken 's wife , heavy and swollen seat someway off . nelly look over , they eye briefly meeting . dicken ( cont 'd ) now I suggest maybe in half a hour .. be that enough time lady to settle you bonnet ..? - I would like to rehearse - dicken just see - dicken ( cont 'd ) ..- but without we author - wilkie collin [ mid 30 's ] dicken colleague and friend run towards he , from across the hall , trip over he bag , with fashionable aplomb - dicken ( cont 'd ) Mr Collins .. who be at last here ! why be it I be wait for you , wilkie ? why must you always be late ? collin in smile greeting , embrace dicken - collin because it irritate you , Charles , and it amuse I to see you in bad temper ! laughter - int . stage . free trade hall . london . 1857 . day . 11 the set and theatre now fully install . a few stage hand finish off small bit of carpentry and adjust set . the set now light with oil lamp . the actor wait on stage , find they position . nelly amongst they , ushere by mrs ternan into place . downstage , to one side , dicken and wilkie in whisper debate- Blue revision date 11th June 2012 13 . collin I can not see a scene we can afford to lose , Charles . dicken pen in hand , mapp out potential cut on a page of the script - dicken but it be too long . and it will bore if it be too long . it be too long in London and it will be too long in Manchester . though it pain I ... wilkie - dicken hand the script back to collin , offer he a look at he suggest cut , he gaze direct . dicken ( cont 'd ) cut.cut.cut . collin throw he hand up exasperate but concede , scoring ferociously through the text with he pencil . collin it be do ! it be do ! ( hushed ) you may tell Mr Egg he have lose he last soliloquy . dicken ( hushed ) you must do it . as author I shall not deny you that . collin you be insufferable . dicken scribbles more on the script , then hand it once more back to collin . dicken and here .. and here .. collin Butcher ! dicken smile , walk to centre stage to address the company of actor - dicken now everyone please be careful .- we little theatre be not yet complete - dicken nod to mr stanfield give a finish touch to the set , paintbrush in hand . Blue revision date 11th June 2012 14 . dicken ( cont 'd ) and as we be rehearse miss ellen in today let we be considerate . I be keen to review the last act , just the final entry of wardour and aldersly so place friend . ( direct maria ) Maria , if we could have you over there . dicken gently position maria , move back across the stage - dicken ( cont 'd ) and -? dicken 's eye graze over nelly mildly lose , await direction . dicken ( cont 'd ) we have the lady in a group over here . miss ellen .. Mrs ternan . mrs ternan just over here , nelly dearest . Mr dicken may I suggest the woman be position a little further upstage ? dicken yes .. let we have you here . mrs ternan thank you . mrs ternan nod to nelly to follow she , take they position in a small cluster close by . maria should I stand a little wider ? dicken yes , very good , Maria .. but not too far , for it be you face and not mine that will be hold the attention of we audience I feel sure . laughter - dicken ( cont 'd ) where 's Collins ? collin look up , from he script , both actor and writer , hurry onto the stage . Blue revision date 11th June 2012 15 . dicken ( cont 'd ) I will need you stand close to the rear if I be to carry you in , wilkie . you be ready ? collin ( hurry off ) no.. yes .. yes . collin disappear behind a flat , then put he head back around - collin ( cont ’d ) should you not come ? I can not carry myself . nelly smile , enjoy the banter as dicken disappear off to the side of the wing . dicken of course ..y .. yes. ( point to charley ) charley , there , relax the arm . a little less stiff . charley nod , take he place , dicken disappear once more off stage . muttering and then - nelly look down at she part on side of paper in she hand . nelly ( aside to mrs ternan ) do I speak after the gun ? suddenly dicken enter carry collin - maria Frank !.. Frank !! maria raise she hand to she face , look suitably alarmed . dicken then my line ... save , save for you ! collin do not you put I down here ? dicken release collin , maria now cradling collin in she arm . dicken he 's footsore and weary , Clara . but I have save he .. and so on .. and so on .. Blue revision date 11th June 2012 16 . dicken gesture for mr lemon to step forward . dicken ( cont 'd ) ( point ) yes , there very good . then you line wilkie - collin look up as all crowd around he . collin where be wardour ?! help he ! never mind I ! dicken already on the floor now , in die pose . dicken ( to mr lemon ) Mark , this be when you see I . mr lemon fall at dicken foot . mr lemon wardour ! dear wardour ! Old friend whom I have wronge , remember and forgive I . dicken very good . you be forgiven . more laughter - dicken ( cont 'd ) then the scene play as be . dicken direct from he die pose . dicken ( cont 'd ) do not be afraid to project . we have over 2,000 seat . ( shouting out ) Catherine , do say if you cannot hear we . catherine just visible perch on a seat look up , not listen , somewhat bemuse . close by she sister georgina and the dicken child , watch appreciatively . catherine ( distract ) what ? georgina ( call back ) we can hear you very well , Charles . Blue revision date 11th June 2012 17 . dicken very good . everyone speak up . Maria , you take I in you arm . maria Richard , dear Richard , look at you old playmate . dicken then music - — mr berger at the piano to the side of the stage , begin to play - dicken ( cont 'd ) not yet berger . I be just mark through the cue ... which last until the curtain have fall by which time I be nearly dead . then we kiss . then gun . bang ! then - ( look to nelly ) epilogue - ? nelly look up , in wait - dicken ( cont 'd ) epilogue . nelly walk forward a little , clutching a few page of script . nelly this be a tale of woe . this be a tale of sorrow . a love deny . a love restore to live beyond tomorrow . lest we think silence be the place to hide a heavy heart , remember to love and be love be life itself . without which we be nought . nelly quietly captivate , a little nervous yet oddly touch , dicken momentarily lose until - mrs ternan ( hushed aside ) maybe a little louder , nelly . dicken turn , address all - dicken the curtain close . loud applause . yet audible the cry of 2,000 . bravo . bravo . I suggest a full dress rehearsal in two hour time . thank you gentleman - 12 Blue revision date 11th June 2012 18 . dicken eye flick to nelly . dicken ( cont 'd ) thank you lady . the company of actor already dissolve , lose in they conversation as they head off to dress room and costume fitting . collin oh Charles , you last speech I think could benefit from cut . dicken you think so ? collin I do . dicken ( deflect ) Catherine -? catherine look up barely listen . collin shall we discuss it ? dicken yes. later . collin , shake he head , concede . dicken reach for a small flask of brandy in he coat pocket , swig , see nelly alone , the Arctic landscape behind . dicken ( cont 'd ) ( almost to himself ) she have something . collin note dicken quiet distraction , look on . nelly disappear into the scenery of the frozen deep . int . onstage . free trade hall . manchester.1857 . night . 12 a weep maria , she face stain with tear , dicken in she arm , swathed in rag , beard , grey and powdery , die in maria 's arm , illuminate on stage by a row of light gaslight , as the play come to its end . mr lemon kneel down close to a die dicken as he lie in maria 's arm , she body shudder with tear . dicken reach out a hand , patting mr lemon 's arm in final embrace . 13 14 Blue revision date 11th June 2012 19 . dicken come nearer ! my mind clear , but my eye grow dim . you will remember I kindly for Frank 's sake ? poor Frank ! why do he hide he face ? mr egg look away , he face stream with tear . dicken ( cont 'd ) be he cry ? just see beyond in the wing , some of the actor and stagehand watch , nelly amongst they , all hold in the absolute moment , nelly watch dicken with a quiet intensity - dicken ( cont 'd ) nearer Clara - I want to look my last at you . my sister , Clara ! kiss I sister , kiss I before I die . maria kiss dicken - just visible in the wing , a stage hand set light to gunpowder , mimick the blast of a ship gun / cannon . nelly , lose in dicken 's performance , oblivious to the curtain sweeping close - mrs ternan ( urgent / hushed in pass ) nelly .. nelly .. nelly hurry on stage , to deliver she epilogue . int . auditorium . free trade hall . manchester . 1857 . 13 night . thunderous applause -— dicken , arm outstretch at the front of the stage , lead he cast in triumphant encore - maria flushed and beam , dicken present she centre stage - nelly look on , bashfully happy . she see dicken smile at she down the line . int . drawing room . HOTEL . manchester . 1857 . night . 14 dicken , finger tremulous on piano keys - Blue revision date 11th June 2012 20 . dicken .«- Queen Victoria ... dicken bang he finger on the keys . collin Prince Albert of saxe -coburg and gothanburg ! collin by dicken side bang further along the keyboard -— dicken King Leopold I of Belgium ! and again , dicken finger bang on keys then tremulous this back and forth of finger banging goe on - collin Prince Frederick ! dicken han Christian Anderson ! collin William thackeray !!! finger bang , bang and bang again bashing out impromptu fanfare ! dicken no , no I be sorry , it be not enough that we should play before this mere mortal ... dicken smile , he audience enwrap as he once more bang the piano keys - — dicken ( cont 'd ) it be Manchester who have give we the high accolade . it be Manchester whose approval I have look to . and it be Manchester who have surely bestow tonight 's success . Friends we be victorious ! and at once dicken and collin play , a madcap , joyful duet . miss sabine hover close by . yet dicken too busy for anyone be lose in fun , play on with collin as all break into lively spontaneous dance . mamey and katey , georgina hogarth in the mix . mr lemon scoops up nelly in pass . nelly laugh , lose in a mad dance with maria and other . dicken , knock back another drink , foot silently tapping against the floor , quietly revelling . his eye briefly meet with nelly , both lose in the sheer joy of it all . 14a 15 Blue revision date 11th June 2012 21 . dicken suddenly stand , behind mr egg , move he arm and leg almost as if a puppet master with he puppet . dicken ( cont 'd ) come come , augustus you must dance and have no notion of walk . Mr egg reluctantly concede as dicken force he , gaily onto the dance floor . int . drawing room . HOTEL . manchester . 1857 . night . 14 a the entire company gather around the piano . berger play Three fish as they sing . dicken at the heart , enjoy the company in full song . int . corridor . HOTEL . manchester . 1857 . night . 15 nelly stand to one side of the room , flushed and exhaust . dicken stand perform some kind of mesmerize / hypnosis trick on miss sabine who sit opposite dicken , make the room still as he work with miss sabine dicken now raise you arm miss sabine . very slowly . miss sabine raise she arm , all compel to watch . nelly it be remarkable . nelly look up , see catherine , stand on the periphery . catherine ( with a smile ) one of he magic trick . catherine 's eye graze over nelly , let a awkward silence hang - catherine ( cont ’d ) you be a admirer of my husband 's work , miss ternan ? nelly ( nod ) yes of course . at the moment I be lose in Little dorrit . it have a darker heart perhaps . though I be grip between laughter and heartbreak . ( more ) 16 Blue revision date 11th June 2012 22 . nelly ( cont 'd ) until now I think bleak House be the novel that would stay with I the most . it have this alarming spirit of unease . Lady deadlock haunt by she past .. I be draw back to that page again and again . and yet there be so much that also make I smile . catherine it be a fiction design to entertain . nelly no..no.. surely it 's more than that . it make we think . it change we . catherine consider nelly , with thoughtful gaze then look back at dicken , a sudden heavy sadness overwhelming she which she deflect witha smile - catherine he will be up all night and cross all day . catherine move off , clearly head to bed . catherine ( cont ’d ) good night , miss ternan . nelly good night . silence - a distant door close -— nelly look back at dicken , miss sabine now hypnotise and dance a jig or the like , the party in uproar , dicken at the helm . int . drawing room . HOTEL . manchester . 1857 . dawn . 16 it be nearly dawn , the fire be low and the gas lamp now out . dicken sink amongst the company of actor ; some doze , some listen enwrap , some search the wine bottle for the last dregs of wine . mrs ternan wide eye be now be mesmerise by dicken . mrs ternan there be too many cat .. too many cat and not enough bird .. I need wing . ( more ) Blue revision date 11th June 2012 23 . mrs ternan ( cont 'd ) hold the baby ..hold the baby .. no.. no .. she have go ... with no wing .. where be she ?.. where be she ?.. be she safe ?... please tell I she be safe . mrs ternan transfix , she face etched with shock and terror , the whole room hold , watch she . dicken smile , a little uneasy . dicken ah - dicken smile , unsure , then he squeeze mrs ternan 's hand , release she back to reality . dicken ( cont 'd ) and now you be back with we , Mrs ternan . mrs ternan come to , exhales . mrs ternan I be back where ? maria grip she hand , close to she . maria mother .. mother .. I think you remember fanny . on the boat . mrs ternan what do I say ? nelly ( close to ) you be try to save she , mother . mrs ternan I be sorry Mr dicken . I think I have stray into some family history . dicken indeed ? the whole company lean forward , listen , unsure where this be lead - mrs ternan my eldest daughter fanny be throw from she cot when my husband and I be touring in America some year ago . ( more ) Blue revision date 11th June 2012 24 . mrs ternan ( cont 'd ) we be on a paddle steamer which be ram by another boat . she be save , miraculously between two mattress . dicken the angel be watch . nelly they be . dicken move by the closeness of this woman , together , smile at mrs ternan . she relax . mrs ternan I be do Mr dicken . mrs ternan slightly throw , gather herself to stand . collin as be I . a extraordinary story . collin finish up the last of the wine , steering himself wearily to bed , pick up he shoe and jacket on route - collin ( cont ’d ) tomorrow and tomorrow and tomorrow . collin pat dicken back affectionately in pass - collin ( cont ’d ) good night . the actor stagger off to bed , a sense of good night all round . mr egg five o'clock . bed . nelly linger at the window . she pull back the shutter , a thin shaft of dawn light searing through - all good night - nelly , maria and mrs ternan the last to leave . dicken you be quite wonderful tonight , Maria . ( to all / ie maria ) I do try to console she in hushed aside but all she could whisper be ' 0 ! so sad . o! it be so sad ! ' such a good pale little face . Blue revision date 11th June 2012 25 . dicken cup maria 's face , kissing she gently on the forehead , a little drunk and heady from too much wine . maria I be afraid I could not stop the tear . you be too good . mrs ternan you will not find a better Clara . maria smile , follow mrs ternan out - — maria thank you mama . mrs ternan now I must take this angel to bed . ( almost to self / look at girl ) so precious . mrs ternan and maria go to exit . nelly ( as go ) I could stay up all night . I be too awake to sleep . nelly walk towards the window . nelly ( cont 'd ) there be daylight . from beyond - mrs ternan ( call back ) nelly dearest , we all need sleep . nelly make to go , dicken , one finger pull back the curtain peer out . dicken this be my favourite time . when the day be creep up on we - nelly hesitates , catch between stay and go . she cross the room , stand by the window opposite he , follow he gaze . dicken ( cont 'd ) .- and we must put in order the chaos of the night . stand guard once more , ready for life . 17 Blue revision date 11th June 2012 26 . outside STREET urchins jostle for meat scrap , as the meat packer unload carcass from a cart , ready for market . a prostitute head home , clearly a little worse the wear from the night before . a couple embrace in the shadow . dicken ( cont 'd ) a wonderful fact to reflect upon , that every human creature be a profound secret and mystery to every other . nelly until that secret be give to another to look after . then perhaps two human creature may know each other . ( beat ) do you not think so ? nelly 's directness suddenly pierce dicken but he deflect . dicken have Mrs dicken go to bed ? nelly some time ago . he finish up he drink , lose deep within himself . dicken she have such terrible headache . ( beat ) sleep . int . bedroom . schoolhouse . margate . night . 1885 . 17 the glow of a oil lamp - nelly 's reflection refracted in a dress table mirror as she dress for dinner . the fall of a earring , a wrist dabbe with perfume , lightly press against she neck . GEORGE hover close by grapple with he shirt cuff and cufflink - nelly pull it taut - nelly go to help he , pull the cuff taut , and thread it neatly through - nelly ( cont 'd ) upright like a brigadier and then .. GEORGE watch she , clearly a familiar act , he breath warm on hers . 18 Blue revision date 11th June 2012 27 . GEORGE thank you . nelly nod , resume dress , GEORGE watch she - GEORGE ( cont 'd ) be you on the beach again today ? miss brooke think she see you . GEORGE sink on the bed , lean forward to lace he shoe . nelly yes . GEORGE wait for more . nelly already slip away from he , remote once more . he hesitates , look down at nelly 's shoe close by . he pick one up , tip it a little , a pool of sand just visible , graze the insole . GEORGE consider , with quiet concern . int . parlour / library . schoolhouse . margate . night . 1885 . 18 the aftermath of a pleasant if small dinner party , a governor and he wife , lambourne and he young wife , reverend benham and GEORGE host and happy at the helm . a tray of sweet wine and tea close by . a fire burn in the grate and the oil lamp light . GEORGE I be just show malcolm - GEORGE lose in conversation with the governor a copy of a Tale of two city in he hand , lean against a bookshelf - GEORGE ( cont 'd ) see it be sign . nelly pass around tea , topping up a glass here or there . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) apparently he modell the character of lucie manette on nelly . the family be very close when nelly be a child . nelly George , please . I be sure he draw inspiration from many people . we guest do not wish to be bored with - Blue revision date 11th June 2012 27a . GEORGE my wife adore he novel . of course he 's often very funny but ... I find a little bleak . ( more ) Blue revision date 11th June 2012 28 . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) one wonder what demon rage in he mind . benham indeed . GEORGE thackeray , now there 's a writer . nelly you can not compare they . benham oh I agree . I be for Mr dicken . there be time that I have envied Mrs wharton Robinson to have know he - even as a child . nelly thoughtful , benham animated sip on he after dinner wine . benham ( cont 'd ) a true humanitarian , wittily observant yet burn with a political bonfire that elevate and bring urgency to he work . a writer - yes , at time bleak , but one who make we laugh at we own absurdity . we see ourselves clearly in all we folly . yes , he be still with we ! nelly suddenly stand , the scrape of she chair , sudden and surprising , blow out a candle on a table . nelly thank you Mr benham . nelly fiddle , intent on get the nub of the wax candle out . benham it be a subject in which I sometimes run away with myself . benham 's eye dart to nelly . benham ( cont 'd ) as Mrs wharton Robinson know only too well . benham look to nelly , offer conciliatory smile . governor run away .... run away .. I for one be determine to revisit he immediately . where would you suggest I begin ? Blue revision date 11th June 2012 28a . lambourne Martin chuzzlewit . Blue revision date 11th June 2012 29 . benham yes .. of course .. so many to choose from . where to start ? any novel but for brief pleasure I would suggest browsing through a copy of dicken weekly literary magazine - nelly turn back to see benham peer at a copy of Household word , a print journal compose by Charles dicken , one of several on a shelf . benham ( cont 'd ) Household word . a collection of many of he writings and indeed chapter of he novel . I be sure Mrs wharton Robinson would not mind if you care to borrow - nelly of course . of course . GEORGE my wife have nearly every edition . we have run out of shelf . mary enter with more refreshment - GEORGE ( cont 'd ) ah good . thank you Mary . they nod they thanks in pass , GEORGE once more draw the governor and he wife into conversation . benham reach for a copy of the frozen deep playtext - benham the frozen deep . you have the text of Mr Collins 's play ? nelly turn , suddenly on edge . benham 's eye already graze over several note make in some fold page slip between the page of the playtext . on this papers , the line be score through , the sense of this as a once work text . and just visible , press in the fold of the this page - a tiny lock of hair . nelly yes . it be not a good play . nelly with gentle precision , take the playtext out of benham 's hand , snap it shut and slide it once more into the shelf . nelly ( cont 'd ) but I will find you one . benham oddly throw , yet try to gather himself , curiosity stir as nelly 's eye search the title . Blue revision date 11th June 2012 29a . nelly ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) David copperfield . for we read ? Blue revision date 11th June 2012 30 . benham will you walk again tomorrow ? nelly ( beat ) perhaps . benham May I join you ? nelly hesitates , pull a text down from a shelf , seemingly distract . nelly I walk at quite a pace . 19 int . bedroom . schoolhouse . margate . 1885 . night . 19 nelly brushes she hair , GEORGE undress close by . both silent , neither able to make the first move . suddenly , nelly turn on he . nelly why must you do that ? flaunt my connection ? it be dull . GEORGE dull to have know Charles dicken ? GEORGE look at nelly , with a quizzical smile . nelly I be a child . nelly climb into bed next to he . nelly ( cont 'd ) yet to refer to he as bleak . it be a misconception - GEORGE what ? I do not understand what you be talk of , nelly . this constant agitation . silence - GEORGE ( cont 'd ) nelly - nelly deflect turn to wind the clock on the bedside table . nelly I be just tired . 20 21 Blue revision date 11th June 2012 31 . int . bedroom . schoolhall . margate . night . 1885 . 20 darkness - nelly , eye flicker close , on top of GEORGE , the steady rise and fall of she naked back as she grip he , lose in lovemake , intense and connect with GEORGE until reach shudder climax , GEORGE look at she , a sense of she fly ahead without he - nelly , sate , lean forward , the moment dissolve across she face . GEORGE tenderly cup the back of she head and neck with the palm of he hand , he lip close to she cheek , the warmth of she breath on he neck , the rhythm sober . they lie , GEORGE turn , look for she , nelly 's eye close . dicken vo it be a murky confusion - here and there blott with a colour like the colour of the smoke from damp fuel - int . orchestra gallery . ST martin 's hall . 1857 . day . 21 through ornate railing , nelly , maria , mrs ternan and fanny ternan [ early 20 's ] nelly 's older pretty sister , silently peer down - dicken mid read , address a pack audience , lose in performance . his eye briefly graze nelly 's , a flicker of surprise , quickly dismiss as he resume intense , hunch over the podium . dicken as we struggle on , nearer and nearer to the sea , from which this mighty wind be blow dead on shore , its force become more and more terrific .. the audience enwrap , nelly tightly grip the programme for dicken read of David copperfield . dicken ( cont 'd ) Long before we see the sea , its spray be on we lip , and shower salt rain upon we . CUT to : nelly grip the handrail , lean towards dicken , eye fix . 22 Blue revision date 11th June 2012 32 . dicken ( cont 'd ) as the recede wave sweep back with a hoarse roar , it seem to scoop out deep cave in the beach , as if its purpose be to undermine the earth . CUT to : dicken stalking the stage , papers in hand , captivate the audience - dicken ( cont 'd ) another cry arise on shore ; and look to the wreck , we see the cruel sail , with blow on blow , beat off the lower of the two man , and fly up in triumph round the active figure leave alone upon the mast . CUT to : dicken eye briefly graze over he audience , hesitate on see nelly - dicken ( cont 'd ) at length Ham near the wreck . he be so near that with one more of he vigorous stroke he would be cling to it , - when , a green vast hillside of water , move on shoreward , from beyond the ship , he seem to leap up into it with a mighty bound and the ship be go . CUT to : nelly sink back in she seat , cheek flushed , exhaust yet exhilated , as if she have be in the very same storm . silence - applause - dicken come to , as if out of a trance , exhaust , the life blood almost seepe out of he . int . auditorium . ST martin 's hall . 1857 . day . 22 dicken with collin consume by a throng of victorian lady , a swell of dignitaries wait to usher he away - victorian lady truly Mr. dicken it be never so alive as when it be speak by its author . Blue revision date 11th June 2012 33 . dicken eye catch on nelly with mrs ternan , fanny and maria . dicken ( call over ) Mrs ternan . ( to victorian lady ) Excuse I . dicken hurry to catch up , desperately try to leave the constant well wisher and fan behind - mrs ternan Mr. dicken , it be remarkable . such control , such mastery in you performance . the women swarm , dicken stand happily amongst they . dicken ( hushed ) I be tell this reading double sale . laughter - dicken eye dart to nelly , in wait - maria it be quite brilliant , Mr dicken . dicken it be ? fanny absolutely . dicken miss france . we have miss you . fanny not enough it seem . nelly flush , fanny squeezing nelly with sisterly pride . dicken charme by this , mrs ternan smile , deflect . mrs ternan Mrs dicken be not here today ? dicken no , not today . laughter . Blue revision date 11th June 2012 34 . mrs ternan what a pity ! to have miss it . you have blow we all off course . what a storm ! it be as if we be on the heath with lear . dicken smile , yet he look to nelly , eye quietly search . dicken it do not disappoint ? nelly well - dicken hesitates , latching on to nelly 's word , like a dog with a bone . dicken I do not like ' well 's . nelly flush , urge on by she giggle sister . maria nelly have read every chapter twice . nelly yes but - fanny nelly , Mr dicken want to hear . nelly waver , catch under dicken 's watchful eager eye - dicken I be ready . nelly ... I may have read every chapter twice but I do not really hear it .. see it .. until now . hear it .. hear you - dicken yes . yes . nelly I feel I be in the storm .. I be there ... I be in it .. I be on the beach with copperfield see the body of he friend , drown - ( visibly struggle ) it be unbearable - nelly move , dicken touch by she emotion . Blue revision date 11th June 2012 35 . dicken I be glad . dicken delight in nelly 's obvious connection . mrs ternan see this . collin ( call over ) Charles , come and talk to this gentleman . I have assure they that you next novel will be you best . there be so much anticipation . they can not wait - nor can I ! dicken nod , stalling for time , aware of a dignitary gesture to he across the room . dicken where will you play next ? nelly we be engage to play in doncaster for three week . dicken so far away . mrs ternan it be not Australia , Mr dicken . dicken and what be you play ? dicken he eye still on nelly - nelly two tragedy and a farce . dicken a farce ! nelly the Pet of the petticoat . dicken a terrible title but - dicken 's smile , make he goodby - — dicken ( cont 'd ) «.very good race doncaster . dicken already lose , almost smother by the assembly of dignitaries and admirer and journalist wait on he every word . dicken look back , watch the depart ternan family , eye search for - 23 Blue revision date 11th June 2012 36 . nelly have go . int . gad hill . 1857 . evening . 23 a dark , study , heavily line with bookshelve . dicken sit at he desk , write letter yet the sense of he mind elsewhere , distract . suddenly a creak of a floorboard , dicken look up - dicken ( call out ) Catherine - the door open , catherine stand in the doorway - catherine yes ? dicken shall we sit together ? catherine if you wish . dicken no .. if you would prefer not .. catherine I do not sleep well last night . perhaps I will go to bed now . dicken sink , a little - dicken yes , of course yes . catherine make to go - dicken ( cont 'd ) Collins have a idea for Household word . a trip to the North . a lazy Tour of two idle apprentice . might just be a couple of inch in it . catherine where will you start ? dicken ( beat ) doncaster . catherine nod , barely listen , move on - catherine turn up the lamp . you can not write in this light . 23 a 24 25 Blue revision date 11th June 2012 37 . the door close - dicken sit alone , read , stare down at the darken page , mind clearly elsewhere . int . bedroom . gad hill . kent . 1857 . day . 23a over dicken leave he dress room as he move towards the bedroom . he open the door to the bedroom , surprising catherine put on she nightdress . her naked back . she turn , catch , alarmed . a sense of she shock and embarrassment . ext . racecourse . doncaster . 1857 . day . 24 the swell of racegoer breath hold in anticipation and just visible amongst they - nelly , pretty in lilac bonnet and glove , press against the wooden fence , wait . beside she mrs ternan , fanny , maria , dicken and collin close by . the SOUND of thundering horse hoove gallop past building - nelly , dicken , collin , mrs ternan , fanny and maria all wave and cheer madly , eye tracking the steaming glossy flanks of the horse pass in a blur , racing towards a finish line until - maria nelly , it be yours . it be yours . nelly leap with excitement , instinctively grip the nearest hand , dicken '. dicken cheer with delight - . CUT to : ext . racecourse . doncaster . 1857 . day . 25 the spill of racegoer across the racecourse , count they winning and lose in babbling conversation . nelly five shilling .. five shilling . collin tear up he betting slip in fury , maria and fanny consol he , take he arm , either side . collin it be fix . it be fix . Blue revision date 11th June 2012 38 . mrs ternan I hope you be not a bad sport , Mr Collins . collin I be very bad ! mrs ternan then you must win . shall we bet again ? collin yes . again . laughter - dicken and nelly follow , mrs ternan close behind . dicken so what will you do with you winning , nelly ? nelly I shall seek a good return on a sensible investment . nelly smile , teasing . nelly ( cont 'd ) or I shall spend it all at once ! though I may spend half a shilling on a copy of Household word to be sure the two apprentice return safely from they lazy tour . dicken they do . though they do not want to go home . nelly but what of they family ? dicken they be of course miss but - dicken eye catch on hers , with restless fragile intensity - dicken ( cont 'd ) ... they do so enjoy be away . suddenly collin pass they , round behind dicken , to hurry they on . 26 27 Blue revision date 11th June 2012 39 . collin we have be rumble . ( beat ) you have be rumble , Charles . collin grip mrs ternan 's arm , urging they forward . nelly and dicken hurry ahead . racegoer Mr dicken ... Mr dicken . . how very unexpected ? dicken stop , resign mid footfall , smile apologetically to nelly , as the racegoer and friend swarm - racegoer ( cont 'd ) ( to anyone ) Mr Charles dicken , lady and gentleman . in doncaster ! a gather crowd , several racegoer craning they neck to see - dicken thank you .. thank you . nelly look on helpless , eye darting to maria and fanny , giggle . dicken subsume in handshake and delighted racegoer . nelly , look on . dicken back at nelly , smile apologetically . mrs ternan see this . int . landing / bedroom . park cottage . london . 1857.day . 26 a peel bedroom - the burst and life of fanny , nelly and maria carry case , newly return home . fanny Home ! int . bedroom . park cottage . london . 1857 . day . 27 later - suitcase be drop , hat box be dumped on the bed . the slow unpack and chaos of the nomadic life as nelly , maria and fanny kneel shaking out dress and pull out shoe and clothes from the chaos . fanny absently sing to herself , consider the sleeve of a dress , fade and fray . fanny this will not stretch to another season . I can not mend under the sleeve again . Blue revision date 11th June 2012 40 . maria look up from unpack , reach a hand out . maria the cuff be still good and there be lace on the collar we can still save . fanny you think ? close up on finger , consider delicate lace . maria ( nod ) I nil unpick it . fanny smile , she thanks , maria take the dress , fanny resume unpack , she song underscore . nelly Maria , also this hem .. my stitching be awful . nelly hold up she dress , maria take it , smile — maria I will .. again . nelly thank you .. thank you .. thank you .. maria 's hand gently brush nelly 's cheek . the fall of nelly 's hair , lose in quiet focus sorting of clothes . mrs ternan ( enter ) I be collect wash . nelly hold up some dirty garment . nelly here .. mrs ternan look down , have just pick up a armful of dress . mrs ternan ( in pass ) nelly - underneath a sign copy of David copperfield . mrs ternan pick it up , open it . mrs ternan ( cont ’d ) it be sign . nelly hurriedly go to take it . 28 29 30 Blue revision date 11th June 2012 41 . nelly a souvenir . mrs ternan it be to be treasure . mrs ternan hold it out , fanny look up curious - fanny yes .. indeed . fanny smile , nelly nod , take the book , pockete it , a little self - conscious . ext . drive . gad 's hill.kent . 1857 . dawn . 28 a handsome house . Light illuminate some window . int . dressing room . gad hill . kent . 1857 . dawn . 29 a darken dress room - the SOUND of dicken urinate into the pot . he then go over to a wait basin . dicken hand cupping icy water , wash he face in the bowl . he stand , drying he face , reflection catch in the mirror , restless , half dress - catherine oov ( call out ) Charles - on dicken finger fumble in the dark , hurriedly buttone up he shirt and reach for he jacket . int . bedroom . gad hill . kent . 1858 . dawn . 30 catherine stir from slumber , sit up peer through the gloomy morning light - charle , a shadowy figure stand in the doorway of the dress room now almost dress - catherine why be you up so early ? dicken I must go to London . catherine now ? but there will be no train . dicken then I shall walk . 31 32 Blue revision date 11th June 2012 42 . catherine it will take you all day . dicken then it will take I all day . dicken turn , he back to catherine , resume dress . catherine eye prick with tear , look away . ext . field . near gad hill . london . 1857 . dawn . 31 dicken walk across the field in the dawn light . the mist hover . Dew heavy on the tall grass - eye focus , heart fix towards London . gad Hill leave far behind . int . auditorium . haymarket theatre . london . 1857 . night . 32 darkness - sir peter . what ! you rogue ! do not you ask the girl 's consent first ? dicken face illuminate by stage light , dark eye lose in quiet yet animated watch , captivate by nelly on stage play the part of Maria in School for scandal - nelly /maria . for shame , Charles , I protest Sir Peter , there have not be a word . from the back of the audience - heckler ( shouting out ) because we can ’t hear a word ! laughter - dicken turn , furious . sir oliver . well then the fewer the better , may you love for each other never know abatement . CUT to : nelly on stage , ill at ease , but dicken be enrapture , oblivious , to the general groans and fidgeting amongst the audience . 33 Blue revision date 11th June 2012 43 . charle no sanctuary near but love and you . you can indeed each anxious fear remove , for even scandal die if you approve . audience member peer forward , whisper , on recognise dicken , yet dicken watch on , eye only for nelly , on stage . CUT to : the final moment of the play , nelly / maria , face rouge , catch mid scene , the black of the auditorium ahead of she . charle ( cont 'd ) " bless would be the fair like you ; she fault who stopp'd , and close she folly when the curtain dropp'd ! the handsome lover turn to nelly / maria , carefully cupping she hand . charle ( cont 'd ) no more in vice or error to engage , or play the fool at large on life 's great stage . " on dicken , listen intently - the curtain fall . dicken bravo ! dicken , clutches the seating rail , in stand ovation . dicken ( cont 'd ) bravo ! bravo ! the curtain rise - nelly 's eye silently search , flush on see , dicken lose in watch she . int . dressing room / corridor . backstage . theatre . london . 33 1857 . night . dicken squeeze into nelly 's tiny dress room , raise a toast to nelly , surround by mrs ternan , fanny , maria , and other - — dicken one of the finest performance I have ever see . sheridan would be dance in he grave . Blue revision date 11th June 2012 44 . cheer . laughter . the ebb and flow of well -wisher and actor celebrate , dicken press against the wall , as he smile , to let a pretty actress pass , a bouquet of flower in hand , brush he face . mrs ternan you be very good , nelly , dearest . mrs ternan , kiss she . fanny close by . nelly really ? fanny there be such clarity in you performance , nelly . nelly sink a little , fanny squeeze she hand , relenting . maria you look so beautiful . nelly squeeze maria , spying dicken , the sense of impromptu party all around , strung between dress room and corridor . mrs ternan Mr dicken , why do you not warn we you be come ? dicken a last minute impulse . buckstone Mr dicken - mrs ternan go off , lose in conversation with the manager mr buckstone , he shake dicken hand with a flourish in pass . dicken my dear buckstone - mr buckstone always a pleasure to have you grace we theatre . dicken thank you .. thank you .. a wonderful night . the handsome actor pass - — handsome actor miss ellen , you be marvellous . nelly smile , face aglow , squeezing the handsome actor 's hand . dicken see this . Blue revision date 11th June 2012 45 . nelly thank you , Mr arnott . dicken oddly nervous , smile , hover between stay and go , unsettle nelly , the handsome actor move away . all around the party in full swing , nelly and dicken stand close by , wedge between dress room door and corridor - mrs ternan and how be you write Mr dicken ? dicken ferocious . up at seven ; a cold bath before breakfast , and blaze away , until three o'clock . I fight not to be distract . dicken suddenly lose himself watch nelly in conversation with the handsome young actor . she turn , see dicken - nelly wo not you sit ? nelly gesture to a chair close by - dicken no .. I do not think .. nelly 's face fall , hurry to shroud she disappointment . nelly of course ... yes .. yes .. it be very late I be sure you must be tired . dicken so much to do I do not know whether my head be on or off - dicken flushed bluster , watch as nelly be effortlessly draw away by the handsome actor along a corridor to a cluster of waiting friend - handsome actor nelly , you must meet my very good friend ... nelly yes .. yes .. I would be delighted to meet they . dicken sip he drink , desperately try not to follow nelly as she smile and laugh . mrs ternan hover , eye hold dicken '- mrs ternan she be much in demand . 34 Blue revision date 11th June 2012 46 . int . sitting room . park cottage . 1857 . night . 34 the still of a pretty if peel sit room - suddenly the SOUND of a door open , laughter - mrs ternan oov come through .. come through - a lamp be light , casting its warm glow across the frivolous , makeshift sit room , adorn with the artefact of past performance , piece of stage set , clearly now in use as furniture . mrs ternan smile , greeting dicken catch in the flurry of fanny , maria and nelly as they unpeel coat and discard hat and rogue door hook . mrs ternan fanny , Maria , we must feed we guest . there be some cold meat in the larder . and a little bread and fruit . dicken please .. please do not trouble yourself . mrs ternan nelly , a drink for Mr dicken . nelly hurry off in search of wine and food . mrs ternan ( cont ’d ) sit here . it be the only seat in the house that do not sag if you shift in search of comfort . nelly , flush , thrust a glass of wine in dicken 's hand , aware of he gaze travel over the garish and rather threadbare fixture and fitting - dicken thank you . this be warm and charming - nelly do not lean too far back , Mr dicken . dicken lurch back , clutching the arm of the chair . nelly ( cont 'd ) the arm have a habit of come unattach . laughter - 35 Blue revision date 11th June 2012 47 . fanny ( enter ) Ham and plum and some biscuit . maria and cheese .. we have cheese . maria smile with delight , place the cheese next to fanny 's board of food on the side . dicken then I will never leave . laughter - dicken smile , eye hold on nelly 's as they fall on the food . int . sitting room . park cottage . 1857 . night . 35 later - dicken , talk to a tired and lazy audience , on the edge of sleep - maria and then what do you say ? dicken what I should have say be '' Mr Anderson though you Ugly duckle have delighted , you have sleep in this room for five week now . you must go home . '' fanny but you do not ? dicken I do not . nelly why do not you ? dicken it would have break he heart . so instead I inscribe a volume of my latest work from he friend and admirer Charles dicken . though I should have add .. May you never outstay you welcome so long again . '' laughter - dicken look across at maria stifling a yawn . nelly and fanny follow he gaze , lose in listen to he . 36 Blue revision date 11th June 2012 48 . dicken ( cont 'd ) and now it seem I have do the same . maria stir . all no.. no .. they all make to stand - dicken I will thank you , lady , for such a pleasurable night . life be nothing without good company . nelly smile , dicken smile - mrs ternan let I show you out . int . hallway . park cottage . islington . 1857 . night . 36 the soft glow of the lamp illuminate mrs ternan and dicken as she help he on with he coat . dicken it be a very pretty cottage . mrs ternan if lack in space . mrs ternan hand dicken she coat . mrs ternan ( cont ’d ) the reward of we profession be rarely monetary . but I would have it no other way . dicken no one be useless in this world if they may lighten the burden . if I may be of assistance ... mrs ternan hold dicken look with direct gaze . mrs ternan ( hushed ) my daughter be fine young woman but I be anxious sometimes for they future . ( beat ) I can not risk nelly 's reputation . dicken hesitates , mrs ternan unwaver . 37 Blue revision date 11th June 2012 49 . dicken I hope nothing I could offer would compromise she . mrs ternan hesitates , look up , just see nelly , stand in the doorway . dicken ( cont 'd ) so , good night . ext . STREET . near garrick club . london . 1857 . night . 37 a dimly light street - a young boy pull a cart , wheel turn on the cobble . dicken sidestepping he , quicken he pace , pass the shadowy figure of late night revellers , sense footstep behind he - young prostitute shill a blow , Sir . dicken hesitates , turn , a young prostitute [ 12 year ] loitering in the shadow - dicken I will give you five - dicken fish a shilling out of he coin - dicken ( cont 'd ) .-- if you go home safely tonight . the young prostitute hesitates , reach out , take the coin from he . young prostitute I can play house , Sir . want I as you wife , sir ? dicken hesitates , one hand reach out , touch she face , see she be no older than twelve . dicken where be you mother ? the young prostitute laugh , ducking away . on dicken watch , distraught and troubled , the bob of dark curl disappear down a dimly light street . dicken turn walk away , turn into - 38 39 Blue revision date 11th June 2012 50 . ext . alleyway . london . 1857 . night . 38 dicken Pov as he walk . he see the face of grubby STREET child and young prostitute face after face , catch in a labyrinth of alleyway . dicken vo last Saturday I sit next toa gentleman at dinner and he ask I in some fury why it be that we city should help that who do not help themselves . dicken keep walk pass a almost hellish world of poverty and sickness , baby cry in young mother arm - — dicken vo ( cont 'd ) by ' that 's he mean the many fall woman that we see around we every day and they offspring , many who rely on this hospital today . I reply . scab ridden infant stare blankly out of rundown doorway . dicken vo ( cont 'd ) the two grim nurse , poverty and sickness bring this child before you and preside over they birth , rock they wretch cradle , nail down they little coffin , pile up the earth above they grave . they unnatural death form one third of the annual death in this great town . '' but what of God ? '' he piously reply . '' what of he ? '' I ask . int . freemason hall . london . 1857 . evening . 39 a attentive audience of wealthy businessmen and wive , benefactor , intellectual and patron . above read a banner - prosperity to the Hospital for sick Children - dicken catch amidst the marble bust of prominent statesman . dicken '' I feel sure God look leniently on all vice that proceed from human tenderness and natural passion . " 40 Blue revision date 11th June 2012 51 . close on nelly shine with pride . some way to the back mrs ternan , fanny and maria look on . JOHN stand a few inch behind , look on . dicken ( cont 'd ) I hope we will too and give generously tonight . int . freemason hall . london . 1857 . evening . 40 nelly , mrs ternan , maria and fanny stand stand behind a table on which be silver collect plate and a collect box . nelly good night , Sir .. thank you . they smile at the spill of people put change and note into the plate . mrs ternan surely you can do better than that , Sir ? maria five pound , nelly . five pound . dicken crossing the room - dicken goodnight . . goodnight .. thank you . dignitaries and guest drain from the room , head home . dicken ( cont 'd ) Maria have you fleece they ? dicken move over to greet nelly , mrs ternan , maria and fanny lining up the donation box . maria with every ounce of my soul , Mr dicken . fanny we can barely carry they . dicken nod , oddly dishevel , distract tonight . he smile at they all - 4l Blue revision date 11th June 2012 52 . dicken thank you . thank you.. goodness .. I do not believe we would raise so much money ... where do one begin ? dicken finger lightly graze the box , heavy with money , line up on a table . nelly they will take some count . he look at nelly , she smile quietly disarming he . dicken yes .. yes . mrs ternan such a achievement . dicken we must celebrate . nelly yes .. yes .. we must . int . drawing room . tavistock house . london . 1857 . evening . 41 a wide , draw room , some furniture cover in dust sheet - dicken tentatively lead mrs ternan through the ghostly darken landscape of tavistock House . mrs ternan you be move in or out Mr dicken ? a dust sheet cover a grand piano and the occasional chair just visible in another room . dicken I be think of let it . fanny , nelly and maria close behind , the collect box be carry by dicken valet , JOHN , lug box that he put on the floor . dicken ( cont 'd ) my wife prefer to live outside of the public glare . London tire she and gad 's Hill be where she like to retreat with the child . nelly take in the silence , the endless emptiness , evident in every room . Blue revision date 11th June 2012 53 . mrs ternan gad 's Hill . be that in Rochester - dicken ( nod ) it be close . walk distance . mrs ternan nelly be bear in Rochester . dicken laugh , delighted at the coincidence , look to nelly . dicken I be school in Chatham . nelly yes but my earliest memory be of newcastle . dicken newcastle I do not know so well . fanny and maria take in the room . fanny turn , see dicken smile at nelly . mrs ternan peer through the window , out into the murky darkness - mrs ternan ah a garden . a grand piano , cover in a dust sheet , nelly pull a corner aside to reveal dusty key . lip close to a ivory key , she blow - — dicken ( lead she ) would you like to see it ? mrs ternan laugh , dicken lead she out . mrs ternan ( follow he ) it be get dark . dicken come .. come . let I show you . dicken lead mrs ternan out , leave fanny , maria and nelly . maria he always seem so alone . fanny yes . 42 Blue revision date 11th June 2012 54 . nelly press down on a piano key , testing the note , catch on a repetitive middle c- fanny ( cont 'd ) ( hushed ) it be like a mausoleum . on nelly watch dicken lead mrs ternan around a darken garden . int . drawing room . tavistock house . london . 1857 . night 42 nelly catch peer at dicken desk ; meticulously laid out papers , manuscript and pencil , sharpen and in a row . mrs ternan oov ( call back ) nelly - mrs ternan , maria and fanny prepare to leave , stand in a distant hallway . dicken hover , consider the many box now line up on the floor . mrs ternan we must leave you . fanny have a audition in the morning and must rest she voice . dicken yes of course yes . maria we have a wager on how much be collect . I think five hundred but fanny think - fanny more.. more .. dicken smile , make he goodby as they reach for glove and coat , pull they on as they head towards the door . dicken I will count they right away . they must be bank tomorrow . mrs ternan you will be up all night . dicken I do not sleep well anyway . 43 Blue revision date 11th June 2012 55 . nelly we could help you . together it will take we no time . fanny you have rehearsal in the morning , nelly . mrs ternan nelly and I will stay and help Mr dicken . if he do not object . dicken well .. no..i.. thank you . fanny mama - mrs ternan offer firm gaze , ushere fanny and maria out . mrs ternan we shall not be late . fanny disappear out into the dark night look back at nelly , smile reassuringly . maria / fanny good night . dicken good night . the door close - silence - dicken stand awkward , hover , unsure what come next . nelly where shall we count they ? dicken yes .. yes .. through here ( gesture ) yes , through here . nelly turn look to mrs ternan but she ignore nelly , follow dicken through . int . drawing room . tavistock house . 1857 . night . 43 a snake line of coin pile into small pillar on a table - Blue revision date 11th June 2012 56 . nelly and dicken lose in count face one another . they whisper to one another , mrs ternan snooze in a chair close by - nelly fourteen hundred and ninety eight , fourteen hundred and ninety nine .. two shilling and tuppence . nelly finish count triumphant . nelly ( cont 'd ) nearly one thousand five hundred pound . dicken no ?.. really .. they laugh . triumphant . dicken ( cont 'd ) we be rich ... nelly yes . dicken they will be delighted ... until the next time . dicken scoops up the money , ease it back into the box in pile . nelly ( sudden ) do you like this life ? dicken well - it be not always of my own make but - nelly wait . dicken silent , cut himself off . nelly I do not think I would . be so constantly on show , so constantly watch . dicken I have my work . it be a great foil . they try but they cannot always find you there . nelly they ? 44 Blue revision date 11th June 2012 57 . dicken the hawker . the man who need to make money . who look to trip you up . and then there be the admirer . that who wish you to be more than you can possibly be . nelly and what be that ? dicken good ... I suppose . dicken smile , catch out , look away . int . drawing room . tavistock house . 1857 . night . 44 later - on mrs ternan still asleep . flicker candlelight - nelly and dicken share a picnic supper perch at a cook table . a half open bottle of wine , the remain of a make shift supper . close on dicken - dicken my father be send toa debtor 's prison when I be twelve . I work in a black factory thereafter , sealing bottle , stick label . ( beat ) it be hateful . nelly you be fond of you father ? dicken he be my first audience . I hone my comic line on he . dicken spoon the last mouthful of egg , catch out . dicken ( cont 'd ) you be too good at this . I have tell you too much . you , now . you . nelly no really .. there be little to tell .. ( concede ) my father - a actor . Son of a Dublin grocer . also in debt . ( more ) Blue revision date 11th June 2012 58 . nelly ( cont 'd ) also dead . when I be seven . in a asylum . mother never talk about it . I have a brother . he die at 10 month . though how a boy would have fit with three girl . we be as thick as thief . nelly look to mrs ternan . nelly ( cont 'd ) she be devote to we . we life be unpredictable . nelly aware of dicken concentration on she . dicken you be - dicken laugh , relishing nelly . nelly what ? dicken you be so free . nelly and you be not . dicken I dream sometimes that there be a place where no - one know who I be , or ask I what I think , or even care for my opinion . somewhere .. where I can just ... live ... heart beat ... chest rise .. just breathe . dicken flush , deflect , topping up he glass . the mood suddenly sombre - nelly it be late . she will sleep all night if we leave she . nelly peer through mrs ternan still asleep in a chair . dicken of course . I will ask John to bring the carriage round - dicken make to go , suddenly something make he stop . 45 Blue revision date 11th June 2012 59 . dicken ( cont 'd ) tell I a secret . nelly what kind of secret ? dicken anything .. something .. something you have never tell anyone or perhaps never think of tell . nelly ( beat ) my middle name be ' lawless '. ( beat ) now you turn . what be you secret ? dicken ellen lawless ternan . that be my secret . they hold each other gaze . suddenly beyond mrs ternan stir , the moment break , she eye open . ext . harbour . margate . day . 1885 45 nelly , stiff in bonnet and corset , walk across the sand , benham by she side . they have be walk in silence for some time . the grey wash of sea beyond , lap at they boot as they walk , face flushed , press to the wind . nelly I like to search for face amongst the pattern in the sand . benham and do you find they ? nelly sometimes . mostly monster and angel . benham smile , nelly smile . the drag of a fishing boat crossing they path . they navigate they way past the fisherman pull the boat across the sand . benham so I think great expectation might be a choice for we reading . David copperfield be of course a contender but great expectation win out for I in the end . nelly very good . Blue revision date 11th June 2012 60 . benham do you agree ? nelly it be a fine novel . other fisherman and a fisherwoman sit knotting net . they walk on , benham silent , she steady , calm companion , yet note she distraction . benham Mrs wharton Robinson ... forgive I if I be intrude but ... I see you be so often ... distract .. there be some .. as if a part of you be ... absent . I do not wish to intrude . you talk I be sure to you husband - nelly no - a couple pass , part of the ebb and flow of life , walk in another direction , nelly nod , in brief greeting , waver momentarily , wait for they to pass . benham not all wife do .. to confide in the person you love the most .. sometimes that be hard . nelly George be a good man . a very good man . benham of course . nelly lose deep within herself . benham ( cont 'd ) but you be troubled . silence - benham ( cont 'd ) it come and then it go but it return . I wish to help you ... I hope I can be someone you can trust . silence - nelly really . I be quite well . benham you be not . 46 47 Blue revision date 11th June 2012 61 . nelly please , Mr benham ... benham I will listen without judgement . nelly turn , look at benham , the grey scene beyond . int . bedroom . park cottage . 1857 . dawn . 46 Dawn - nelly waking listen to distant , muffle conversation . reaching for she nightgown , nelly pull it across she shoulder , slip out of bed . maria , sleep by she side , barely stir . int . corridor . park cottage . 1857.dawn . 47 nelly 's bare foot walk down the stair . Beyond the door ajar , mrs ternan and fanny in another room , lock in heat debate . fanny she be barely 18 . mrs ternan I have never have to concern myself with regard to you or Maria . there be always another tour for you and you young sister .. Mr. buckstone have already enquire if Maria might be free for pantomime . but nelly ... nelly be different . I love she . I love she dearly but - she talent lie elsewhere . Charles dicken be not merely some opportunist , some adventurer . I be think of what life will offer she . I be think of she future . fanny but what future would that be , mother ? mrs ternan we profession be hard enough . you do not give it up . it give you up . mrs ternan suddenly stop mid sentence , see nelly , stand in the doorway , hearing all . 48 49 50 Blue revision date 11th June 2012 62 . int . outside toilet . yard . park cottage . 1857 . dawn . 48 nelly sit on the toilet , head sink in she hand . blott she tear with a piece of rip up news paper - footstep - nelly furiously scrunches up the paper , wiping away she tear , ignore the tap at the door . nelly go away fanny . ext . yard . park cottage . london . 1857 . dawn . 49 fanny sink down on a flower pot , outside the toilet door . fanny I will stay here all day if I have to . ( beat ) nelly - int . toilet . yard . park cottage . 1857 . dawn . 50 nelly , devastate - nelly I be a terrible actress . it be true . please do not lie . nelly stand , she forehead against the cool of the door . fanny oov nelly , you be the truest person I know in life . but you be not a actress . nelly close she eye stung , but oddly resign . nelly do no one think of tell I ? fanny oov nelly - nelly you have clearly discuss it . what other arrangement have be make which I do not know about ? fanny oov it be only because we care so . 51 52 Blue revision date 11th June 2012 63 . nelly I will not be buy or sell , fanny . whatever it be ... it be not that . nelly fight back the last furious tear - fanny oov do you love he ? nelly 's eye open , she face betray all - nelly he be marry - ext . yard . park cottage . london . 1857 . dawn . 51 fanny , hand press to the door , hesitate - fanny that have not stop he fall in love with you . silence until -— the door slowly open , nelly , face stain with tear , peer around . fanny smile , rub a blot of ink on nelly 's nose with she thumb . fanny ( cont 'd ) ( eyeing inky nose ) you have the prime minster all over you nose . close up on nelly , the pain of hearing this truth , yet smile with affection for she fanny - ext . beach . margate . kent . 1885 . day . 52 close up on nelly the same look of pain - with benham once more on the beach , look out at a young man and he son fly a kite far off - nelly I be a actress . benham a actress . nelly not a very good one . ( beat ) my husband have indulge my interest in the theatre but he be ignorant of my past . 53 Blue revision date 11th June 2012 64 . nelly look to benham , hover on tell he . nelly ( cont 'd ) it be hard to reconcile this with life as the wife of a headmaster . so I have hide it . a boy far off with he father in the rock pool . nelly ( cont 'd ) I be not a child when I meet Mr dicken . I be eighteen . George believe I be considerably young than I be . benham stare , with sudden comprehension . nelly stop . the cliff fierce and tower behind they . the ocean in front . nelly ( cont 'd ) he know nothing of the depth of my affection .. ( beat ) my former affection for Mr dicken . benham I see . benham hesitates , a seeping realisation evident in he eye . benham ( cont 'd ) you will never tell you husband . she look out at the grey churn sea . nelly he must never know . never . benham , listen intently , yet give nothing away . she turn , look at he . nelly ( cont 'd ) Mr benham , I have such remorse . ext . garden . ampthill square . camden . 1858 . day . 53 spring - nelly , eye close , surround by flower , a birthday cake hold in front of she - maria open you eye . maria , fanny , mrs ternan , the flighty actress and other cheer as nelly blow out the candle . a beautiful house just visible beyond - 54 Blue revision date 11th June 2012 65 . mrs ternan happy birthday , darling . all happy birthday .. happy birthday . nelly Maria , be it raisin ? maria smile , nelly smother she in kiss , excited and excitable , twirling across the grass . a distant rap at the door - nelly absorb , open present . a few moment later a maid appear . maid ( to nelly ) miss ellen , Mrs dicken to see you . nelly 's face fall , the noise of the party hush to a still - fanny and maria look to one another . mrs ternan go to greet she , nelly gently stop she . nelly head inside leave behind the chaotic party , lazy on the grass - int . parlour . ampthill square . 1858 . day . 54 catherine dicken stand in the parlour , oddly fragile , rouge dotting she pale cheek . she turn on see nelly stand in the doorway . catherine I think this be the right house ... nelly enter , plump a cushion on a seat , and offer it in gesture . nelly please . wo not you sit down ? catherine , eye silently trace over the pretty sit room , eye alight on a series of tiny print of costume hang on the wall . catherine I have hear he have find you somewhere close on the square - catherine peer closer . Blue revision date 11th June 2012 66 . catherine ( cont ’d ) ( peer closer ) such attention to detail . nelly follow catherine 's gaze - nelly it be all just paste and glass . outside , distant whoops and laughter - nelly ( cont 'd ) you find we in disarray . nelly nod towards half pack case . nelly ( cont 'd ) my mother and sister france be to go to Italy . my sister be to be a governess to the trollope family . catherine really ? nelly Mr dicken have kindly make the introduction . he have be more than charitable to my family . catherine nod , consider nelly , with cool resignation . catherine my husband have always be very generous . catherine hold out a small velvet box to nelly - catherine ( cont ’d ) happy birthday miss ternan . nelly take it , with surprise , flush . a game of musical chair or the like just visible play out in the garden - catherine ( cont ’d ) wo not you open it ? nelly hesitates , look down at the box in she hand , tentatively finger the paper . catherine ( cont ’d ) it be a gift from Charles . it be mistakenly deliver to I . Blue revision date 11th June 2012 67 . nelly , inwardly reeling , carefully unpeel the paper , tear it a little - catherine ( cont ’d ) the jeweller naturally believe - open it , she breath catch on see - a beautiful bracelet , embed with deep red rubies - catherine ( cont ’d ) Charles be eager that I ensure it find its way to its rightful recipient . nelly , catch on this , embarrassed by such obvious cruelty from dicken - catherine ( cont ’d ) he be fond of you . nelly flush - — catherine ( cont ’d ) and you of he ? nelly hesitates - catherine ( cont ’d ) that be a silly question . he be Mr Charles dicken . . even in that early year together even I could not fail to be impressed . but you will find , you must share he with he public . they will be the constant and in truth you will never absolutely know which one he love the most . you or they . I do not believe he know himself . but they will not give he up , of that you can be sure , miss ternan . they will love he beyond the grave . ( close to ) will you love he as long ? ( beat ) I be interrupt you party . catherine , make to stand , nod , hold nelly with quiet passive scrutiny . Blue revision date 11th June 2012 68 . catherine ( cont ’d ) charley say you be not that pretty . I could not remember but I see now my son be be kind to I . nelly I be really far too old for party . there be not a soul under twenty in attendance . catherine well Charles should be here soon and he be nothing if not youthful . catherine make to go - catherine ( cont 'd ) I wish you a very happy birthday . Far off the party in full swing . ext . garden . ampthill square . 1958 . dusk . 55 the aftermath of the party , drain of guest , the ternan family seat , sober after catherine 's visit - nelly , the ruby bracelet rest between she finger , maria and fanny seat close by , unsettle . maria sketches , let the pencil suddenly still in she hand . - suddenly collin and dicken spill through the back gate move into the house . dicken trace he finger along a paper wall , peer at it with delight . dicken New paper on the wall ? mrs ternan yes . do you like it ? dicken very much .. very much .. you have make it home . mrs ternan we have try . it be a most beautiful house . dicken be not it ? mrs ternan thank you . Blue revision date 11th June 2012 68a . dicken beam , collin by he side , sense all be not quite right . collin and the chair ? New ? mrs ternan yes -? collin we be too late ? be we too late ? nelly snap the box shut , hurry to pocket it . mrs ternan you have miss the cake . collin snatch the last piece of cake off a table , position under a tree . dicken no , say it be not so . have we miss all the fun ? dicken stand with collin both dress in party hat and beam , a tension puncture they fun . mrs ternan we have hope you would provide it . 56 57 58 Blue revision date 11th June 2012 69 . collin there be only one thing for it . we will have to whisk she away . nelly scoops up a stray ribbon , wrapping it around she finger , busy herself as she walk back to the house , pass dicken . he gently stop she , a hand on she arm , quizzical as she refuse to meet he gaze . dicken say you will come ? on nelly , catch in the conflict of feeling . mrs ternan , maria and fanny look on . ext . STREET . london . 1858 . evening . 56 nelly squeeze between dicken and collin , be quietly lead - nelly where be we go ? dicken smile , heady and happy , nelly concede , a grow fury bubbling underneath . dicken you shall see . int . hallway . collin house . london . 1858 . night . 57 collin pull off he coat , nelly and dicken close behind , show they in - collin come through .. come through . nelly look to dicken confuse . a pair of lady shoe - a lady coat - several hat rest on a hat stand . nelly 's eye graze over they with bemuse curiosity - int . drawing room . collin house . london . 1858 . night . 58 a pretty draw room - caroline grave [ late 20' ] handsome and flushed , yet in delicate informal negligee , already come through , greeting dicken warmly - Blue revision date 11th June 2012 70 . caroline grave wilkie , why do you not say ? collin kiss caroline , brief yet betray a intimacy , that unsettle nelly . collin we be celebrate a very special birthday . dicken caroline may I present miss ellen ternan . collin it be she birthday today ! caroline greet nelly warmly , hand cupping hers in greeting - caroline grave happy birthday . I have hear only good thing . nelly look to dicken , not quite comprehend . dicken quickly look away , deflect , peer at a picture on the wall . dicken caroline a new painting ? quite slap up . be the butler about -? collin yes .. yes .. she be about .. here she be .. ( move off ) I shall find wine ! harriet grave , caroline 's daughter [ 5 year ] come rush in , in night gown - dicken my but she squeal - — dicken scoops harriet up , swinging she in he arm - caroline grave May I take you wrap and glove ? nelly thank you . but I prefer to keep they on . caroline , swallow silent affront , gesture for nelly to sit - 59 Blue revision date 11th June 2012 71 . nelly ( cont 'd ) what a lovely home . caroline grave yes .. yes .. wilkie find it .. int . drawing room . collin 's house . london . 1858 . night . 59 distant laughter and scream - — caroline and nelly sit alone , in awkward silence . charle , collin and harriet lose somewhere deep within the house . caroline grave Charles christen she ' the butler 's on they first meeting . distant squeal , dicken just audible , lose in raucous game . nelly it be all a game with he . ( beat ) she be very dear . nelly look away , quietly want to put distance between she and caroline . caroline grave do this offend you miss ternan ? ( silence ) wilkie despise marriage and as a widow it suit I well . we live very happily . ( silence ) but you do disapprove I see . we have fall in love with man of stand , miss ternan - nelly I be not in love . squeal of delight - harriet rush in dicken fast on she tail , collapse into a heap on a fade chaise - nelly ( cont 'd ) ( sudden ) it be late . really ... it be too too late . I must leave . please excuse I miss grave . dicken sober , hearing the urgency in nelly 's voice - 60 Blue revision date 11th June 2012 72 . dicken nelly -? int . carriage . near ampthill square . london . 1858 . night 60 nelly silent , dicken close by she side - dicken and still she be silent - nelly reach out to open the carriage door , draw to a still . dicken reach out for nelly , stiffening on he touch - nelly Mr buckstone have offer I the World and the stage . it have a ridiculous plot . a title lady save from debt by she sister , a actress . dicken but a very amusing final scene . nelly it be you that secure I the role . dicken hesitates , nelly see in he silence , that it be . nelly ( cont 'd ) and do you mean to deliberately humiliate I tonight ? dicken you do not like miss grave ? nelly you expect I to associate with a woman live so openly with Mr Collins outside of marriage ? entertain guest as if she be - dicken nelly - nelly I do not wish to appear ungrateful . you have be generous , some might say too generous to my family . but I do not realise that I be to be you whore . 61 Blue revision date 11th June 2012 73 . dicken , floundering - ext . front step . ampthill square . 1858 . night . 61 dicken hurry after nelly , fumble in she clutchbag . dicken nelly - nelly , tear stain and bereft , hold out the bracelet box to dicken - silence - dicken ( cont 'd ) it be a mistake - dicken reluctantly take the box . nelly search in she bag for she key . nelly do you send Catherine to I ? dicken yes . nelly how could you be so cruel to she ? dicken waver , yet remain silent . nelly ( cont 'd ) she be the mother of you child . dicken and for that I will always be grateful but I do not love she . nelly but why -? nelly 's eye search with genuine despair . dicken she understand nothing . she see nothing . I think if she see you she would understand that I have nothing with she . I want she to see it . dicken , consume by a fury , nelly shocked , by the volcanic passion . 62 Blue revision date 11th June 2012 74 . nelly it ? what be it , Charles ? what be it that we be ? would you call we friend ? perhaps we be friend . we listen to one another as if we be . you have be kind .. so kind to my family .. a friend ... and yet you do not feel like a friend . dicken still she hand , cupping she finger clasp the key . nelly ( cont 'd ) and when you wife ask I ... when she ask I if I be fond of you ... I could not honestly reply . I want to say ' no '- a police officer pass , draw by the noise . police officer can I be of assistance Sir ? dicken offer a half smile of reassurance to the police officer . police officer ( cont 'd ) be this young lady troubling you , Sir ? dicken no..no .. thank you .. she be not troubling I at all . all be well . the police officer nod , move on - they stand in silence by the door , dicken 's hand still rest on nelly , the key in the lock . dicken ( cont 'd ) May I come in ? ( silence ) nelly -? int . drawing room . ampthill square . 1858 . night . 62 dicken and nelly sit in silence , across the room from one another , nelly 's quiet fury sober now . yet neither able to make a move . a lamp light low the only light . 63 63a Blue revision date 11th June 2012 75 . a vein in dicken 's temple pulsing , lose in some deep internal conflict which he cannot speak of , a deep inner consultation of the self until - the PRESS of a floorboard overhead . they both look up , heart catch in they chest . a cough . mrs ternan roll over in bed . the house once more fall silent . dicken it be late . nelly nod , make to stand . dicken stand . they look at one another , nelly make to show he out . at once he catch she hand , lean into she , he forehead press to hers . nelly hesitant , see the despair flicker , in dicken face . nelly 's eye meet he . they stand , close , lip not yet meeting , breath warm , hold in one another 's gaze , lose in silent communion until - dicken lean into nelly , head bow , he forehead close to she cheek , he body almost buckle . nelly ease she arm around he , hold he in almost rock embrace . his finger intertwine with hers - close up on they hand , intertwined , tentatively explore , find one another in this tiny flicker moment of silent physical connection . on nelly , close up , in she face all the conflict emotion , they lip almost meeting , the barest whisper of a kiss . they stand , entwine and silent - int . bedroom . gad hill . kent . 1858 . day . 63 dicken stand with a carpenter who be put shelving and a partition between the dress room and catherine and dicken bedroom . he turn , catherine stare at he , he look at she with quiet , remorseless gaze . ext . heath . london . 1858 . day . 63a the crown of a hill , dicken just visible head , , nelly hurry to keep up , they be lose in conversation . we be behind they . dicken ... I would walk from the aldwych to camden to highgate then back to westminster and then on to millbank . 64 65 66 Blue revision date 11th June 2012 76 . nelly you have London in you blood . dicken alright ? nelly nod , breathless yet exhilated . nelly yes . yes - dicken I walk at quite a pace . they foot walk on . int . beach . margate . kent . 1885 . day . 64 nelly walk , boot sink in the sand - a tiny figure etched across the sand , a dot amidst the vastness of the landscape . int . carriage . train . near staplehurst . kent . day . 1865 . 65 the tearing steady rhythm of train wheel against steel and track -— the streak of countryside , fleeting and abstracted , a blur of light and colour beyond . then just visible in the glass , nelly 's reflection indistinct yet rippling in the glass - a shadowy figure of a man caught in the glass opposite her . ext . path . hampstead heath . london . 1858 . day . 66 Dawn - nelly and dicken just visible walk through the early morning fog , lose in conversation . nelly stride ahead , turn , hold out a hand pull he up the hill - suddenly - — charley Father - charley dicken , book in hand , stop in surprise , eye fall briefly on nelly , with quiet recognition . dicken charley , what be you do here ? Blue revision date 11th June 2012 77 . charley I walk this way , if I have take the earlier train - dicken you remember miss ternan - ? charley nod to nelly in greeting , stiffening a little . charley of course . nelly charley , how be you ? you look well . charley I be . dicken charley be work in the city . nelly how very clever . charley not really . a friend of father 's . nelly you be well ? charley quite well . thank you miss ternan . nelly I still have the glove . nelly hold up she glove hand with a smile . nelly ( cont 'd ) ..- which you rescue for I . I would have be most unhappy to have lose it . they be my favourite pair . charley I be sure you would have find another . perhaps not of equal colour or quality but easy enough to pick up - nelly stung , dicken fury evident in he face . nelly deflect , save face - 67 Blue revision date 11th June 2012 78 . nelly we be about to take breakfast . will you join we ? charley thank you . I be already late . charley raise he hat to nelly , move swiftly on . suddenly he stop - — charley ( cont 'd ) Father . ( beat ) will we see you at home ? dicken silent . charley continue he journey along the path . dicken and nelly together , yet oddly separate . ext . garden . gad hill . 1858 . day . 67 a beautiful summer day - dicken family enjoy a garden party , play mad three legge race on the lawn , orchestrate by dicken , who stand catch between read a newspaper and watch the race . dicken faster plorn . faster . you keep let everyone else win . the extra leg be there to add to you speed . catherine sit close by drink tea . georgina seat close by . dicken clutches a newspaper in he hand which he slam down infuriate . catherine you could not keep it quiet forever , Charles . catherine pour herself some tea , look at dicken with distract concern . catherine ( cont ’d ) no matter . you must deny it . georgina rumour can always be deny . we will host Christmas here . invite everyone we know . do not worry . 68 Blue revision date 11th June 2012 79 . catherine and then you must stop this . dicken stiffen . dicken but what if I do not want to ? catherine do not be foolish . you can not keep she a secret . hiding she hurt , catherine withdraw she hand , catch between affection and furious despair . he turn hold she look with direct intent . dicken yes I can . int . drawing room gad hill . kent . 1858 . day . 68 the squeak of tin wheel - — catherine vo I can not read it . will you read it . through a door , plorn push a toy train along the floor , look up , watch - charley take a copy of a newspaper from catherine who sit silent and stiff on a chair . he silently brace himself , read aloud . charley there be some domestic trouble of mine , long stand , on which I will make no further remark it be of a sacredly private nature . however - — catherine turn , a look of shocked despair flicker across she face as she see plorn peer through the doorway . charley ( cont 'd ) .- it have lately be bring to a arrangement , which involve no anger or ill- will of any kind . my wife Catherine and I have decide to separate . the headline on the newspaper now clear - charle dicken separate from wife . 69 70 Blue revision date 11th June 2012 80 . charley ( cont 'd ) the whole origin , progress and surround circumstance have be throughout , within the knowledge of my child . the squeak squeak of the tin train just audible as he wheel it away , disappear along a distant corridor . charley ( cont 'd ) it be amicably compose , and its detail have but to be forget by that concerned in it . ext . garden . ampthill square . 1858 . day . 69 nelly knelt , repott plant . look up to see maria , on the approach , pull off she bonnet and hat en route , hold up a newspaper charley vo I most solemnly declare that all the lately whisper rumor touch upon my association with a certain young lady be abominably false . upon my soul and honour there be no - one on earth more virtuous and spotless than this young creature . nelly wipe down earthy hand , take the offer paper , read with shock . int . smoking room . garrick club . 1858 . day . 70 through a haze of cigar smoke - charley vo and whosoever say otherwise after this denial , will lie as willfully and as foully as it be possible for any false witness to lie , before Heaven and Earth . a fat gentleman sit read the newspaper , the detail of dicken separation spilling out - several other gentleman sink in chesterfield , look up from the same newspaper , fall into comment - — dicken pass , cigar in hand , nodd in stiff greeting - the gentlemen resume they read - dicken move silently on . 71 71a Blue revision date 11th June 2012 81 . int . drawing room . gad hill . 1858 . day . 71 catherine hand sink in she lap weep . charley stand , bitterly hurt and wretch , hover between consol catherine and scream in rage . georgina stand in a doorway , look on . int . drawing room . ampthill square . london . 1958 . day . 71 a close on nelly with mrs ternan - mrs ternan he have try to protect you . nelly but yet I be humiliate . mrs ternan there be nothing to deny . nelly no. the silence hang - mrs ternan what else could he do ? nelly yes . mrs ternan he be a honourable man . nelly he be . mrs ternan and you be - nelly mama - — mrs ternan the most beautiful , wonderful , clever young woman . nelly but what be I do do with this thing . he can not marry I . mrs ternan ( beat ) no . but what be marriage ? ( more ) Blue revision date 11th June 2012 81a . mrs ternan ( cont 'd ) I have be marry and it be at time , the loneliest place , nelly . ( more ) 72 73 Blue revision date 11th June 2012 82 . mrs ternan ( cont 'd ) do not think that it will offer you anymore than you already have . they hover on the edge - mrs ternan ( cont ’d ) I have witness some of the strongest friendship , some of the most last union between man and woman who be never marry . I have envied they . nelly ( close to mrs ternan ) what do I do ? mrs ternan 's hand gently smoothing back a stray lock of nelly 's hair . mrs ternan fanny and I leave for Italy at the end of the month . come with we if you wish . I will book you a passage . it be easily do . nelly soften , lean she cheek into mrs ternan 's hand , let she be comfort . mrs ternan ( cont ’d ) this life be precarious . we must take we chance when we can . mrs ternan move on , leave nelly alone . int . hallway . tavistock house 1858 . day . 72 collin , clutching a copy of the Times , hurry upstairs . int . drawing room . tavistock house . 1858 . day . 73 dicken bent over a desk , write - collin have you go completely mad ? collin , clutching a newspaper , steady on the approach . collin ( cont ’d ) the Times for God sake . tell I you have speak to Catherine first ? silence - 74 75 Blue revision date 11th June 2012 83 . collin ( cont ’d ) Christ , Charles . what be you think of ? collin lose in fury , pace the room . dicken at he desk . dicken Catherine be the only person I have ever know with whom I can find no common interest . I be impulsive . I claim no immunity from blame . but how , wilkie ? how do one stay marry to someone one no longer love ? collin with difficulty . I can see there be no love , but there be a cruelty here . dicken what cruelty ? surely to continue be cruel , wilkie . to Catherine ? a end be a end . collin you have stir a hive of bee , Charles . you know how this work . you make comment . they print . then twist . silence be surely preferable . dicken be that what they would prefer ? silence .. yes .. then they will have silence . ext . heath . london . 1858 . day . 74 dicken walk across the heath , close within himself . a man stride past , look to acknowledge he . dicken , keep walk , head down , silent . int / ext . gad hill . 1858 . night . 75 charley stand at a window , watch with concern , dicken through the window in the backyard , face glow illuminate by a huge bonfire , stoke with letter and bundle of papers which dicken hurl with some speed and fury into the tower pyre . he stand , exhaust , yet focus on the task in hand , as he reach for a pile of papers , flick through they , rejecting they one by one as this too go into the fire , the flame illuminate the dark night . 75a 76 Blue revision date 11th June 2012 84 . int . drawing room . ampthill square . london . 1958 . day . 75 a nelly alone , stand by the window the bracelet in she hand , lose in troubled think . she absently weave it through she finger , the ruby glint int . drawing room . collin house . london . 1858 . evening . 76 collin sink in a chair as nelly pace the room , clearly distraught - collin he can never divorce Catherine , nelly , you must know that . collin grip she hand , gentle , reassure . collin ( cont ’d ) he have burnt all he letter . he have even ask I to burn all we correspondence . nelly there be a insanity to he behaviour - collin Charles be many thing but he be not insane . he be distraught . nelly and I be not ? collin you have a choice . you may distance yourself from he . find a new life . a different life . nelly stop , catch on this . nelly what different life ? what be there for I ? nelly look up just see caroline pass a doorway , she eye briefly graze over nelly as she lead butler to bed . collin he be a good man try to be a good man . but he be a great man . you see he , nelly . I watch you together . you see he and he see you . ( close to ) what more do one want in life ? 77 78 Blue revision date 11th June 2012 85 . distant laughter , caroline and butler lose in some playful conversation - caroline ( call down ) wilkie - wilkie with a half smile - collin come . ( close to ) we have to break this convention . smash ‘em up . we be the pioneer . nelly Pioneers ? you man - you live you life while it be we who have to wait . you see a freedom which I do not see . collin , at a loss - — collin ( exite ) the butler will not sleep if I do not read to she . nelly nod , alone in the quiet domesticity of collin 's house . she hesitates , three pair of shoe , collin 's , caroline 's and butler 's just visible by the door . the creak of floorboard -— nelly look up - footstep walk over head . scene 77 move now scene 71a omitted 77 int . tavistock house . square . london . 1858 . dusk . 78 nelly pass she coat to JOHN , he take it close the door behind he leave nelly . she stop on hearing the murmur of dicken voice , clearly aloud to himself . she walk find dicken seat at he desk . dicken you be here . nelly nod , pull off the last of she thing . 79 Blue revision date 11th June 2012 86 . nelly my name be whisper with yours and yet I have nothing . dicken take she by the hand , lead she over towards a wait chair . dicken sit down . dicken hover , pour she a glass of water . dicken ( cont 'd ) have a glass of water . nelly quizzical , take the offer glass , drink . dicken ( cont 'd ) I do not regret it - nelly Charles - dicken I have break something that need break . I have finish it . nelly yes it be finish . dicken no , the book .. the book . nelly hesitates , dicken pick up a sheaf of inky papers , the last chapter of great expectation , it 's title just visible on the front page . he hand they to she . nelly yes , I see . dicken nod , take a seat across from she . dicken ( tentatively offer up ) will you read this last part ? nelly waver , take it . she open , read . she look up , he 's watch she . she look back resume read . int . drawing room . tavistock house . london . 1858 . night . 79 time have pass - nelly look up , the page clutch in she hand . she be move , yet lose for word , dicken watchful , with anxious flicker gaze . Blue revision date 11th June 2012 87 . dicken you do not like it ? nelly no . I like it . I like it very much . dicken smile , relieved , stand , at last able to breath . dicken wilkie think I should change the end . nelly no.. no . you must not .. to bring estella and pip together at the end but not to unite they . dicken she be change . that be enough . nelly yes .. it be a sad end but estella find she heart , a understanding at last ... dicken exactly . nelly at time , often pip be not heroic - dicken yes .. he be fill with the ambition , the vanity , the flaw in all of we - dicken and nelly 's eye connect , a sense of total understanding between they , he smile . dicken ( cont 'd ) I know what I have do . but to stay .. to stay as it be . I could not .. I cannot .. when in my head . . my heart - nelly move , dicken search back through the sheave of manuscript . dicken ( cont 'd ) here .. here .. I write this .. a earlier chapter . ( read you be part of my existence , part of myself . nelly yes I remember . 80 80 aa Blue revision date 11th June 2012 88 . dicken nod , spur on , continue to read . dicken you have be in every line I have ever read . you have be in every prospect I have ever see since - on the river , on the sail of the ship , on the marsh , in the cloud , in the light , in the darkness , in the wind , in the wood , in the sea , in the street . you have be the embodiment of every graceful fancy that my mind have ever become acquainted with - dicken stand , raw and open to nelly - dicken ( cont 'd ) to the last hour of my life , you can not choose but remain part of my character , part of the little good in I , part of the evil . nelly move - nelly let we go away . ext . field . FRANCE . 1865 . day . 80 extreme close up on nelly 's bare foot , navigate over pebble in a stream . suddenly by she side , dicken 's heavy boot - dicken hand reach over , guide she across the stream . Beyond a field , on a slight incline , dicken lead she . int . bedroom . FRANCE . 1865 . day . 80 aa on nelly , she face flicker with emotion . the shadow of dicken , the shape of he , just out of view - suddenly he finger intertwine with hers , they palm flat together , clench and then release as dicken come - dicken , just a shadow , never see , just a sense of he sink down next to she , roll onto he back . nelly 's face relax , she head turn a little , lose in the flick second of release after love make . 80a 81 Blue revision date 11th June 2012 88a . int . bedroom . FRANCE . 1865 . dusk . 80 a close on dicken , he reflection in a mirror , distract , he face mostly in shadow . one eye catch by the light . Beyond he in the reflection , nelly in bed , stare at he . a sense of the aftermath of love make - not perfect , but somehow bind they . dicken ( almost to self ) you be my magic circle of one . ext . field . FRANCE . 1865 . day . 81 the scratch of dicken 's quill , ink blotting he finger . 82 83 84 Blue revision date 11th June 2012 89 . he sit under the shade of tree , write in a notebook . nelly sit across from he , revealing she be now heavily pregnant . the remain of a simple picnic on a cloth close by ; a flagon of wine , the last few crumb of bread and cheese . dicken look up from write , sense - nelly watch he , she hand on she dress , now clearly pregnant . suddenly she look down , the flicker of something , look up , smile , share this with he . ext . field . FRANCE . 1865 . day . 82 close up on ripe apricot , grip in a cloth in dicken wide hand as he walk . he gently tip they on the picnic cloth - nelly look up , with surprise , happy . she reach for he hand , he finger blott with ink . she attempt to wipe the ink away , to no avail . ext . field . FRANCE . 1865 . day . 83 late afternoon - the stoop frame of a elderly man walk towards dicken and nelly sink in the grass - elderly man monsieur tringham , Madame tringham , étes-vous prét pour le départ ? aimeriez- vous avoir un peu plus de temp ? dicken non , nous somme prét . Beyond a elderly wife sit in a cart smile , wait . the elderly man gather they belonging . dicken and nelly follow he . ext . patio . house . FRANCE . 1865 . evening . 84 the aftermath of supper , the candle be low , a bottle drain of wine - a maid quietly clear around they . nelly ( in french ) thank you , audrey . nelly stand , close by dicken as he sit read over a letter , she slip a arm around he read over he shoulder . +e * hf Blue revision date 11th June 2012 90 . dicken I have agree to fifty more reading . nelly where ? dicken Glasgow , Manchester , Dublin . I have be ask to give a read in Paris . nelly shall I join you ? the silence hang - dicken there be whisperings - — nelly where ? dicken in Paris . and if they be in Paris then they will soon be in London . Forster and wilkie be concerned . I have be out of circulation - on nelly - nelly you must go . dicken it be what I be , nelly . nelly to the world , yes Charles but to I .. nelly suddenly concede , cupping he face , smother he with kiss - nelly ( cont 'd ) ... so much more . dicken reach for he pen , in search of paper . dicken no..no .. then I shall not go . nelly no..no .. you shall . dicken no .. my mind be quite make up . 85 Blue revision date 11th June 2012 91 . nelly you will . paris. ( with a smile ) Paris . how wonderful . nelly , playful , close to he . nelly ( cont 'd ) ( close to ) how can you not ? int . parlour / library schoolhouse . margate . day . 1885 . 85 a darken study the lamp not yet light - a fire glow in the hearth , casting its light across the fade darkness of the room . close on nelly as she sit in the half light - the shelf of book , endless copy of dicken novel , Oliver twist , great expectation , Edwin drood and beyond until - a doorbell ring far off - footstep pass the study door , rise and fall as they dissolve far off - nelly reach up , she finger pull out a copy of the frozen deep - suddenly a door open , mary enter - mary sorry , ma ’am . I do not see you there . nelly it be quite alright Mary . mary go to light the lamp . nelly ( cont 'd ) I will do it . mary hesitates , nod , make to withdraw - mary be there anything else , ma ’am . the guest will be arrive shortly and the glass be not yet laid . nelly that be everything . 86 Blue revision date 11th June 2012 92 . mary nod , exit . nelly look down at the book in she hand . she open it - the open book , a dark curl of baby hair , press between the page . nelly 's finger hesitantly touch it - int . bedroom . house . boulogne . FRANCE . 1865 . day . 86 close up on a bloody stillborn baby - nelly lie on a bed , exhaust from the birth . suddenly the midwife , come into view , brusquely wrapping the stillborn child in a cloth and pick it up , to take away . she walk across the room - dicken at once , stop she , reach out a hand . he fumble in he pocket for a small pen knife , and then - close up on dicken 's hand , finger grazing the stillborn child 's head , take a dark lock between he thumb and forefinger and very gently cut off a few strand of hair . the midwife hesitates , take the stillborn baby away - dicken go over to nelly , gently place the lock in she hand . he close she finger around it . the doctor have be stand close by - doctor ( in french ) I be sorry . even if they be bear perfect in every other way . it happen . the doctor hold out a pen for dicken to sign the certificate . doctor ( cont 'd ) ( in french ) someone must sign . it be necessary . dicken hesitates , look at nelly . dicken ( in french ) he will be bury ? doctor ( in french ) yes . of course . yes . 87 88 89 Blue revision date 11th June 2012 93 . extreme close up on dicken hand as he sign monsieur tringham on the death certificate . int . parlour / library . schoolhouse . margate . night . 1885 . 87 nelly close the book shut , put it back on the shelf . audible sound of preparation from deep within the house - the sound of last minute music practise , the occasional shout of boy , the fleeting snatch of conversation , mary pass the doorway outside . the sound of a schoolboy sing just audible - nelly stand , the sense of the sea in the late afternoon light through the window . ext . field . FRANCE . 1865 . dusk . 88 dusk - on nelly 's face , etched with absolute desolation . she stand barefoot in the stream . int . corridor . house . boulogne . FRANCE . 1865 . day . 89 Dawn - dicken pick up a manuscript of we mutual friend , from a table as he move on . nelly stand in she coat and hat , the light from the open doorway , slowly dimming to darkness as shutter be close by a maid . dicken pack the last of he thing , close by . dicken have you leave the key on the table ? nelly absently nod . dicken ( cont 'd ) only I promise monsieur duboit .. there be a very nice family from rouen who wish to winter here . dicken pass she . dicken ( cont 'd ) nelly ? the distant shutter , close , sink they into darkness - 90 91 Blue revision date 11th June 2012 94 . dicken ( cont 'd ) say something . ( silence ) say something ! nelly silent until - she cave , she body suddenly overwhelm with grief , dicken look on , unable to help she , want to but stricken by the overwhelming pain and grief that he see . her sob audible , fight she way out of this agony . her tear at last subside , she slowly gather herself . nelly we shall miss we train . ext . platform . folkestone station . kent . 1865 . day . 90 the swirl of steam and swell of commuter hurry along a platform past a station guard - station guard ( call out ) all passenger arrive from France this train for London . dicken reach out to help nelly onto the train , glove hand briefly touch , nelly nearly miss she foot . nelly quietly reassure , dicken follow she on the train - a ticket collector punch they ticket - ticket collector my wife say she should marry rokesmith and be do . dicken smile , clutching a sheaf of papers , blott with familiar scrawl , title we mutual friend just visible . dicken perhaps the next chapter . the squawk of gull overhead . int . carriage . train . near staplehurst . kent . day . 1865 . 91 the tearing steady rhythm of train wheel against steel and track -— the streak of countryside , fleeting and abstracted , a blur of light and colour beyond . then just visible in the glass , nelly 's reflection indistinct yet rippling in the glass - 92 93 94 Blue revision date 11th June 2012 95 . pull out to reveal nelly , quietly absent , face pale , stare out of the train and seat opposite she - pull out to at last to reveal the shadowy figure caught the glass as dicken lose in correct papers , blott with familiar scrawl , the title we mutual friend just visible . a distant guffaw , from the neighbour compartment . dicken look over at nelly - dicken sleep and when you wake we shall be home . nelly catch on this , she look at he . then close she eye , try to sleep , grief ever present , the ruby bracelet on she wrist . ext . track . countryside . staplehurst . day . 1865 . 92 the train , piston pump , whistling along the track - int . carriage . train . near staplehurst . kent . day . 1865 . 93 the tearing steady rhythm of train wheel against steel and track -— the scratch scratch of he pen , against paper . close up on nelly look out of the window , try to sleep , eye catch on the fleeting landscape . dicken lose in total concentration - suddenly , the train violently jolt - the scream of passengers and screech of metal as carriage visibly buckle - the smash of glass , hand reach out , nelly , at once , whipped out of she seat arm throw forward in useless protection , flung through a split carriage , and hurled through splinter of glass , a world upturn - dicken oov ( shouting out ) nelly - ext . grassy bank . near track . staplehurst . day . 1865 . 94 nelly , eye flicker open , she body twisted , she arm at a odd angle , perhaps break - around , the scatter of luggage , a trunk split open ; silk undergarment catch on a rowan bush . Blue revision date 11th June 2012 96 . nelly 's Pov of the buckle wreckage of the train . dicken clamber out of a severe carriage , scrabbling down the grassy bank , towards she . around he the twist of wreckage , body litter , the groans of the wounded , smashed up seating , luggage hurled across thick grass and bramble , chaos all around . porter Sir - Beyond the scream and shout of the injure , a porter daze , but in charge , move amongst they . porter ( cont 'd ) we be ask everyone able body if they could help with the most injure . dicken yes of course . I must help . Water . people will need water . porter ( beat ) be it Mr dicken , Sir ? dicken hesitates , nod look to nelly , concerned not want to leave she - dicken yes . porter be you travel alone , Sir ? nelly 's eye catch on dicken , willing he to turn away . nelly ( hushed / exhale ) go..go. nelly 's heart beat , thumping in she head until - dicken oov yes .. yes. quite alone . this young lady be in need of assistance . dicken turn , with a look of absolute despair as he walk away , as he turn he head away from view . porter we be deal with the most injure first . nelly 's vision fade , the blurry figure of dicken walk away . 95 Blue revision date 11th June 2012 97 . dicken oov I ’‘1l do what I can ... nelly 's hand clasp the porter , not want to let he go , slip in and out of consciousness . porter madam , I will get one of the lady to attend to you as soon as . the porter nod to two young lady on the approach . porter ( cont 'd ) ( move off ) this way , sir. the two young lady pass , come quickly to nelly 's aid with dicken see follow the porter . young lady you poor dear . Beyond the young ticket collector , wide eye and dead , throw across the twisted track . nelly , with the two young lady , comforting she . young lady ( cont ’d ) we be here ... we be here . dicken move amongst the dead , the die and the wounded offer brandy . a page of we mutual friend catch in the grass of the embankment . dicken flatten it out , splatter with ink and blood , pockete it before move on - int . schoolhall . margate . dusk . 1885 . 95 a thin pamphlet / programme no thoroughfare : a Drama in five act by Mr wilkie Collins place down on a chair by a schoolboy methodically move a long a row of seat . the row of chair be laid out by two schoolboys beyond - the back of the hall , a maid hurry to finish last minute decoration , polish glass and light lamp and candle on a table laid out with a magnificent buffet - the first parent arrive lead by mary , GEORGE come forward to greet they , offer brief exchange , gesture towards a table . close on GEORGE turn to lambourne - GEORGE ( hushed ) where be my wife ? 96 97 Blue revision date 11th June 2012 98 . ext . church . margate . 1885 . dusk . 96 nelly walk fast . a small church ahead of she . we might sense the sea . spiky winter tree , she breathe as she walk . ext . church . margate . 1885 . dusk . 97 nelly enter a small graveyard . she be a lone figure stand amongst the gravestone . benham ( 0.s. ) ellen ternan . nelly turn , surprised . benham stand near the entrance of the church , catch in the half light . his face slightly shadow by a hat . nelly ( nod ) yes . that be my name . you have always know this ? benham suspected . thing you say , comment , memory of Mr dicken that be not a child 's memory . nelly stand , distract , benham sense she need something from he . benham gesture to a bench to one side of the small cemetery . benham ( cont 'd ) I see he read once . it be magical . row upon row craning forward , marvel at this transformation . one forget that he be more than writer , more than actor . he would pull you soar , spin into the heart of another world . benham smile , betray he utter admiration . benham ( cont 'd ) I have live my life in the page of that novel . benham smile , suddenly move . benham ( cont 'd ) I should not have expect they author to live so quiet a life . benham quietly consider nelly . Blue revision date 11th June 2012 99 . benham ( cont 'd ) you inspire he . nelly perhaps . I do not know . I would say maybe we inspire each other . it be not easy we friendship . never quite know when one would see he , when or even if he would arrive . it be often fragile - and yet there be day of such joy .. such celebration . . when we would talk .. laugh together . . but there be moment towards the end when I dread he visit ... perhaps even he touch . but we need each other . in we secret life . I be he magic circle of one . ( beat ) there be a day , when he take I to the house , where I be to live . she get lose in she think . benham Mrs wharton Robinson - nelly , try to make sense of it , search for word . nelly I have think about it often . the moment when I finally accept what we life be to be . ( beat ) he know he would leave I first . that he would die first . nelly lose deep within herself . nelly ( cont 'd ) Charles understand that however painful it be , we be alone . whoever we be with , we be alone . and he be right . great expectation . he write a end - it be he first instinctive end . a good end , the best end - pip and estella do not come together . pip see that she will never be he . later they want he to change it . some people think it too brutal . so instead pip final word be - '' I see the shadow of no parting from she '' - he end the book in shadow , you see , a place of uncertainty , of haunt . and that be where I have be live . do you see - ? 97a 98 Blue revision date 11th June 2012 100 . benham stare at she . benham yes . nelly and I will not live there anymore . they sit ; it be almost dark . ext . elizabeth cottage . windsor . 1865 . day . the front of a pretty cottage , dicken walk towards door , turn to nelly guide she in . int . bedroom . elizabeth cottage . windsor . 1865 . day . the PRESS of a foot on a floorboard - nelly 's stand , arm heavily bandage peer into a bedroom . she enter , eye trace over the simple yet comfortably furnish sit room . dicken hover in the doorway , clutching he hat . silence - dicken the house be to you like ? silence - nelly yes . I be happy to see the castle from the window . dicken and there be a fire in every room . I have take the liberty of employ a nurse who will attend to you . a local woman but of good kind . nelly hesitates , nod - dicken ( cont 'd ) it be a sleepy market town , but there be a very fine butcher . and the church be newly restore . you must visit . nelly yes . 97a a front 98 Blue revision date 11th June 2012 101 . dicken the fast train from paddington take 18 minute . or alternatively there be a train to Windsor from Victoria or waterloo which also serve well . silence - dicken ( cont 'd ) nelly -? nelly stare out at the castle , float far off across the field , suspend above the mist . nelly it be as if it be float . nelly force a smile , quietly break . nelly ( cont 'd ) you will come to see I ? dicken yes . nelly weekly ? dicken of course . twice if I can . nelly I see . and if I need anything -? dicken you need only ask . nelly and be I to expect you at weekend and holiday ? dicken nelly - nelly of course I be sure when you can . dicken please - nelly and shall we keep tringham ? dicken ( beat ) yes. 99 Blue revision date 11th June 2012 102 . nelly then this be how it be to be now , Charles . dicken catch in its unbearable hold . dicken whatever I have try to do in life , I have try with all my heart to do it well . whatever I have devote myself to I - dicken unable to find word - nelly do not , Charles . do not explain . dicken look at she , suddenly exhaust , all he inner defence crumble . nelly ( cont 'd ) there be nothing to say . nelly look at he calmly . dicken stare back at she . nelly ( cont 'd ) everyone have they secret . and this be ours . dicken yes . nelly reach over to he awkwardly , she arm give she discomfort . she kiss he gently on the forehead - almost as if he be a boy . nelly so much more complicated than anything one could write ina book . yet he seem age and frail , vulnerable , deplete , lean into nelly . int . hall . schoolhouse . margate . 1885 . dusk . 99 nelly pull off she coat and hat - Beyond , the murmur of voice , musician tuning up - mary on the approach , carry a tray of drain punch glass - — 100 Blue revision date 11th June 2012 103 . mary where have you be ? Mr wharton Robinson have be look for you everywhere . nelly nod , face flushed from the cold . nelly Mary , will you tell my husband I wish to see he . mary , clearly anxious , nod , move on . mary the doorbell 's not stop and they be half way through the punch . through a ajar door , parent seat , the rustle and ripple of excitement , the play about to begin - int . parlour / library . schoolhouse . margate . night . 1885 . 100 the clock chime seven - a sense of growing noise , the SOUND of people 's chatter , a world of parent just audible passing outside the door - nelly wait - GEORGE oov nelly - the door swing OPEN , GEORGE enter - GEORGE you be late . it be nearly dark . where have you be ? nelly spring up , go over to GEORGE , reach out for he . nelly George . I be so sorry . I be here . I be here . she grip he tighter . GEORGE soften , hold she , with genuine concern , he eye search hers - GEORGE be you quite well ? nelly , on the edge of speak - nelly yes , George . quite well . GEORGE look at nelly , he hand cupping she face , she hair windswept , cheek flushed . Blue revision date 11th June 2012 104 . GEORGE be you sure ? nelly I walk with Mr benham today . we talk about Mr dicken - GEORGE yes - — nelly George - nelly waver , suddenly unable to continue - GEORGE the memory of a child , nelly . GEORGE hold nelly 's eye with complicit understanding . nelly yes - — suddenly from beyond - geoffrey oov roar ! suddenly geoffrey enter , a mop of golden curl , he face paint like a lion , with rope mane , rush roaring into the draw room , straight into nelly 's arm . nelly darling , you will frighten we guest — GEORGE I think he be try to frighten he mother . nelly laugh , the moment break , hurriedly bury she tear stain face into he neck , kissing he cheek , then GEORGE . they stand in the half light of early evening , entwine in silent embrace until - nelly geoffrey . go . you must take you place . geoffrey run off , leave nelly and GEORGE . GEORGE be you ready ? nelly nod , laugh , at the sheer exhaustion of it all , grip he arm - 101 102 Blue revision date 11th June 2012 105 . nelly yes , George . I be ready . GEORGE open the door and walk into the light of the hallway . we be with nelly as she go through the door . int . hall . schoolhouse . margate . night . 1885 . 101 the face of the parent silent and watch - close to nelly , behind she head . the sense of the schoolboys on stage , the sequence we see at the beginning , alive on the stage - school boy 1 well , my lad , the day have break at last . close in on nelly watch the play unfold , the camera move around she - school boy 1 ( cont ’d ) what do you say to the weather , now ? school boy 2 I say the weather will do . school boy 3 I say doubtful ! school boy 2 I say - bad ! a sense of GEORGE by nelly 's side . close on nelly . nelly 's Pov - dicken , as see in Manchester , in the last throes of die on the stage of the free Trade Hall - dicken come nearer ! my mind clear , but my eye grow dim . kiss I , kiss I before I die . close on dicken as he die , he eye glaze over , fall limp in the arm of maria , not see , he dead eye glaze over as if look straight at nelly - close on nelly tear glisten , a life share together hold in that look - int . hall . schoolhouse . margate . night . 1885 . 102 at once rapturous applause - Blue revision date 11th June 2012 106 . a row of schoolboys , geoffrey at its heart bow before a delighted audience . all bravo .. bravo . nelly flushed and happy , eye stung with tear of pride , clap . she look over to benham , he smile at she , with share understanding . benham ( mouth ) bravo . nelly turn to GEORGE , grip he hand . GEORGE squeeze it , yet clearly something irrevocably change . they turn back , smile at geoffrey a mop of golden curl . the end