the island written by Caspian tredwell - Owen 1/13/04 we pull back , in mark step , to include neighbor apartment with identical frost facade . then more apartment , above and below , the tier link by ramp and crosswalk . it might be a prison cellblock but there be no guard apparent . indeed , the resident move freely , all notably male , all clad in shearling , polo shirt and slack . it be just another day in sector four . 3 int . nutrition plaza - sector four - day satie 's gymnopedie play from overhead speaker . a glass wall look out across a green mountain valley . the plaza , form in curve of creamy ceramic tile , be divide into two service area . male resident in line on one side , female on the other . both gender combine in the seating area . lincoln reach the head of the line . he swipe he ethercuff of v e be a scanner . a nutrition clerk , a surly woman in uniform , eye the readout on she screen - nutrition clerk lincoln six-echo ... option be dry fruit , oatmeal or anything in bran . lincoln what ? no bacon ? nutrition clerk you get a sodium flag , pal - now what 's it go to be ? lincoln whatever . he shrug , disgruntled . the clerk tap she screen . turn to a row of chute behind she , she collect a foil cover bowl and a drink can . lincoln , less than appetize , load he tray with the oatmeal and juice breakfast . then he head into the seating area . in the seating area , male and female resident sit eat and chat happily . uniform busboy intermix , clear and wiping table . a divide in this community now start to become clear ... the busboy , like the nutrition clerk , like all the service , maintenance , and administrative staff we will see , have distinct uniform but no facial mark . they be know as " outsider " . the " resident " , like lincoln , have crosshatch scar on they upper leave brow and ethercuff of n they wrist . mostly caucasian , from mid-twenty to mid-sixty . there be no child here . we isolate a blonde - mid - 20' , fresh , bright eye , a fragile beauty , a crosshatch of two vertical and one horizontal . her name be ester two -alpha . see lincoln , she smile and wave - ester lincoln ! over here ! 3. lincoln cross , a little surprised to see she . pleasantly so . lincoln hello , stranger . ester what ? you do not recognize I ? lincoln it 's just a expression , that 's all . ester you and you expression , lincoln . now sit down and ask I where I have be . lincoln ( sit , a spread smile ) okay , ester . where have you be ? ester at the medical center . just for test but they have I on liquid nutrition . ( fork a mouthful of egg ) mmmmm . this be the first solid food I have have in a week . lincoln excite . ester that 's not the exciting part . I get my first trimester report : happy , healthy and contaminant - free ... both of we . lincoln we ? ester my baby ... it 's in perfect condition . I just hope I can keep it that way . I still have six month to delivery . lincoln then you leave all this behind , huh ? ester why ? will you miss I ? her eye betray a flicker of something . it unsettle lincoln . lincoln I will miss you coffee . c'mon , I already burn up my quota . 4. ester okay . but this be the last time . in a deliberate move , she drop she napkin on the floor . as she duck down to retrieve it , lincoln steal a gulp of she coffee . rising again , ester register he souring look . ester what be it ? lincoln just nod across the plaza . ambient conversation be now ebbing at a arrival . a outsider in a grey , vaguely clerical uniform - sanguine , settle , precise eye . he might be a prison warden but for the generally warm reception . he be know as the Community director . his name be merrick . he cross to a lectern , unloop a chain from he neck with a three - fork pendant know as a " tri-key " . he slot the tri-key into the lectern . the glass wall frost over and pixellate i n t of a live feed of himself . now amplify by the plaza speaker , merrick begin he address - merrick good morning . to everyone here and everyone watch on etherscreen , welcome to the community address . today I be come to you from sector four . for that of you here with sugar quotas , let I recommend the french toast . I just try some and it 's excellent , really . but I know what everyone 's hungry for 's of let 's move on to the lottery . as always the draw will be make from we host sector . so tell I , sector four - be everyone ready for the Daily spin ? applause and whistle erupt , mostly from the young resident , who take on the zeal of a game show audience . the older one - include lincoln - greet the prospect with labor tolerance . merrick turn the tri-key i n the lectern . the glass wall switch from the live feed to a jumbotron of for flash text ; - - DAILY spin !... get ready to win !... DAILY spin !-- merrick let the spin begin . to a burst of cheer , he turn the tri-key another notch . the glass wall become a spin blur , like a tumbler on a slot machine . but instead of icon , it click through name , each separate by a blank line - from " Adams one - Alpha " to " Zucker Three - Charlie " - scrolling the entire population of sector four . 5 . as the spin slow , a pent silence fall . expectant eye watch the name click through the p's , the q 's , the R 's , the S 's and . . . - - spin win !... starkweather two-delta ... spin - win !-- merrick starkweather two-delta ! step up ! cheer and applause as everyone look for the lucky recipient . the excitement abate as it become clear he 's not among they . merrick well , starkweather , if you be watch on etherscreen - you time have come , my friend ! you be move out to the Island ! ( another burst of cheer ) and the rest of you , never lose hope ; what do we know about the Daily spin ? the younger resident everyone get to win ! merrick a d tomorrow it could be you ... merrick step down and depart . the plaza revert to its former mood , dot with murmur of disappointment . lincoln scowl . ester do not worry . you time will come . lincoln that 's easy for you to say . you time 's guarantee . all you have be six month . ester six month of mood swing , sore back and swollen foot . want to trade place ? lincoln ( scowl lift ) give I some more of you coffee . 4 int . subway portal - sector four - day the portal be span by a rank of lattice metal gate , know as a " ethergate . " resident swipe they ethercuff of v e be scanner , the gate hiss open and they step through in systematic order . 6 . 5 int . subway platform - sector four - day the subway , form in arch of creamy ceramic tile , be not unlike we own . in place of escalator , move walkway deliver the resident onto the platform . along the platform wall run a strip of mirrore panel , etherscreen report in banner crawl : - - next stop ... sector 5 - sector 6 - centerville ... at the tunnel edge of the platform be a safety fence , where the resident wait in a patient line , lincoln among they . his focus be draw to two young resident whisper furtively nearby . resident # 1 a stim unit say it hit the wall . resident # 2 okay . but I get to set the can . resident # 1 shrug and hand he a drink can . resident # 2 duck under the fence , reach the can down to the track . or what look like a track . the strut lining the bed be not sleeper but buffer of galvanize rubber . nor be there any rail . the relay system be provide by a series of metal post , flanking the buffer to run in twin parallel . known as " lode -pole , " they now start thrumm and pulsing with red light , like runway beacon . resident # 1 hurry it up . the shuttle 's come . resident # 2 regains the platform . we push in on the drink can , balanced on a buffer . it start rattling . then suddenly shoot upward into the air , arcing and bounce off the tunnel wall , clatter into obscurity . resident # 1 whoops in victory . a rush of air herald the shuttle . it sail out of the tunnel , float three foot above the track . a hybrid of subway car and nautical craft , it have runner in place of wheel , like hull on a catamaran . it be buoy by a magnetic flow emanate from the lode - pole , a invisible river know as a " lode -stream " . the shuttle drift to a gentle halt , hover , rock a little . its gangplanks fold out toward the platform and the safety fence lower . lincoln and the other commuter file routinely aboard . 6 int . centerville - day a avenue of cream color building . uniform in architecture , rise five storey to meet a mirrore roof . despite lighting array , the absence of sky lend a chasmic quality . lincoln follow the flow of resident up the avenue . Building sign read : " dept. of Labor " , " dept. of Health " , " dept. of sanitation " . he split off , turn into a building mark " dept. of population . " 7. 7 int . office - department of population - day frosted glass workstation , notably circular rather than square . lincoln sit at he desk in front of a wraparound etherscreen , divide into three section , a formation know as a " visor " . right-visor show a polymorph in fractal cycle , like a permanent screen saver . mid-visor show a tomograph of a residential block ; tier of apartment show as box , most in solid white , a few blink red with the text label " vacancy " . left-visor show a list of name and sociographic grade shead " resident pending " . lincoln ( to visor ) Hudson four - Alpha ; profile review . Match to vacancy ; 171 , sector 5 . request clearance to populate . - - processing . . . four -alpha , hudson ; population approved left-visor , the name highlight then blink out . mid-visor , a box label " vacancy " turn from blink red to solid white . a voice ( o.s. ) hey , you want to know something ? lincoln look up at a face grin over the partition - mid 30' , jovial , tall and burly . his name be jone three -bravo . jone you know that guy who win the spin in you sector ? starkweather ? lincoln no . jone I have a bout with he last week . guess how long he 's be here ? six month . lincoln six month ? jone you do not believe I - look it up . lincoln ( to visor ) Census file : two -delta , starkweather . - - two - delta , starkweather : 102 , sector 4 -- day : 186 / hr : 09:31 jone what do you say now ? still think the spin 's rig for the long hauler ? 8. lincoln he get lucky , that 's all . jone and do not you wish it be you ... out there on the Island ... nature 's own clean air zone ... no screen , no quotas ... unlimited pleasure ... lincoln shut up , jonesy . jone why do not you make I ? in the ring . lincoln you be out of my weight - class . jone not anymore . they just get the new program in - multi-weight balance . lincoln I will think about it . jone c'mon , champ . a stim unit say you will not last three round . 8 int . boxing ring - centerville - early evening - C R a C k - the same face recoil from a punch . Jones shake it off , retreate , recover . he reset he guard as lincoln move in . lincoln jab at Jones ' defense , he blow hit harder than we would expect from he stature . suddenly he break through with a leave hook . Jones stagger back . a strange ripple distort he face . Stranger still , he skin tone take on a grainy pallor . as the bout continue , we widen to see the box ring be indeed a ring rather than a square and beyond the rope be a outer ring . with lincoln in fg , we now see another figure in the outer ring , mirrore he move , dress identically but for the glove which be like gauntlet . the gauntlet be rig to two armature which be , in turn , rig to a gantry - like mechanism . it glide noiselessly to and for , shadow the figure round the outer ring . rack focus reveal the figure be also lincoln . the real lincoln , in fact . the one in fg be a derivative hologram know as a " proxy " . as lincoln fake and jab , the counter - weight armature drag and recoil , duplicate the exertion of he proxy . Jones move more sluggishly , he proxy now ghostly , transparent . now be send on a last offensive only to be roundhouse by another leave hook . Jones ' proxy topple and explode into a pixellate mist . 9 . lincoln whoooooo ! lincoln proxy - and lincoln - punch the air in victory . Jones unlatch he gauntlet , sweat , gall by the defeat - jone sure you input the right weight class ? lincoln you be just too slow , jonesy . jone you be faster `cause you be lighter . programmers ... they always miss something . lincoln hey , you put up , now pay up . 9 int . stim bar - centerville - evening rainbow light and swirl electronic music . the clientele be all male resident . round the wall , poster - size etherscreen display various dance woman , beckone , text super flash : - - new at the pleasure CENTER !... or try a mystery date !... at the bar , lincoln and Jones , freshly shower , each swipe they ethercuff over a scanner . a uniform bartender note the readout - bartender Jones Three - bravo ; you get five unit . you friend , he 's get a alcohol flag . jone so make it a beer and a vita cola . the bartender serve the drink and they settle at the end of the bar . scope for onlooker , lincoln steal a gulp of Jones ' beer . jone you know , you be go to get yourself contaminate one of this day . lincoln shut up , jonesy . jone so , you up for a rematch tomorrow ? lincoln I can not . I get a interact . 10 . jone with who ? that blonde again ? lincoln hey , it 's a authorize interaction . we be on the same meditation program . jone you want to get flagge for proximity ? lincoln no law against friendship , jonesy . jone Quick . . . give I that beer back . two census officer ( " censor " ) enter the bar ; in wireless head - set and white uniform , they seem at once clinical and military . censor 1 carry a tablet know as a " etherboard " . censor 2 , more impose , carry a wide - muzzle rifle know as a " stopgun " . they forebode appearance be greet without alarm . as they move up the bar , the customer dutifully swipe they ethercuff over the etherboard . now reach Jones , who swipe accordingly - jone what 's go on , officer ? censor 1 Census check . censor1 check the etherboard ; a headshot of Jones spin in 3 - D . he offer it to lincoln who swipe he ethercuff emphatically - lincoln what happen ? you lose count ? censor 1 I hope nobody 's drink off-quota . lincoln vita cola all the way , officer . lincoln sip he cola . as they move on , he grimace at the taste . 10 int . shuttle - in transit - later lincoln stare out of the window . the red pulse of the lode pole catch a glaze look in he eye . his pupil , a little dilate . his focus return to the interior and a etherscreen banner : - - G E T ready for the DAILY spin !... tomorrow it could be you ... 11 . 11 int . bedroom - lincoln' apartment - the next day the horizon . the morning sun stream over the green mountain . lincoln lie sleep , he head bury under the pillow . off a beep sound , he stir and squint up at the mirrore ceiling : - - ether call pending ; accept or send to message bank ? lincoln accept . the etherscreen resolve ester 's face , fresh and bright . ester ( on etherscreen ) lincoln ? I miss you at breakfast . lincoln I guess I oversleep . ester ( on etherscreen ) I just want to check we be still on for tonight . the interact . lincoln right . I will be there . ester ( on etherscreen ) I will see you then . enjoy you day ! her face blink out . lincoln get out of bed with a smile . 12 int . residential block - sector four - day lincoln exit he apartment and head up the walkway . we reveal the walkway end at another ethergate , govern residential access . lincoln swipe he ethercuff of v e be a scanner and a gate swing open . he head on , the gate hiss close behind he . 13 int . nutrition plaza - sector four - day ravel 's pavane play overhead . the plaza be empty as resident leave for work . lincoln arrive at the service counter . he swipe he ethercuff and greet the clerk with a amiable grin . lincoln just juice today . I be late for work . nutrition clerk too bad . I gotta serve the full meal . lincoln shrug , he gaze wander past she into the kitchen . his grin fade as he spot two censor talk to a busboy . then the view be lose as he 's serve a oatmeal and juice breakfast . 12 . 14 int . subway platform - sector four - day not so crowded at this hour . halfway down the platform we see a vend machine with confection in nameless silver wrapper . a mouse-ish resident collect a bar from the trough . his name be kleinwort nine -alpha . see lincoln approach , he preempt - kleinwort no , no , no . use you own sugar quota . lincoln c'mon , kleinwort ... he say this amicably enough but he 's use he impose presence on the smaller man . kleinwort sigh and break off a chunk . lincoln so what 's up with the censor , huh ? kleinwort they be conduct a census check . or do not you watch the bulletin ? lincoln I know what it be . I have just never see they out in this sector before . kleinwort probably just tracking a glitch . a bad scanner or maybe a userware defect . ( off lincoln 's puzzle look ) ethercuff . they get damage , you get a false read . sometimes even a dropout . lincoln what be you say ? they lose someone ? kleinwort someone just be not show up where they should be . what do you care ? a rush of air herald the shuttle , curtail the conversation . beneath he tousle hair , a frown play on lincoln 's brow . 15 int . lincoln' workstation - dept . of population - day lincoln stare at the fractal on right -visor , at the intricate path of dysplasia . the glaze look have return to he eye , he pupil , a little dilate . his stare narrow at a errant think . he shrug it off . but the think return , persistent . more to dispel than indulge it , lincoln turn to mid-visor - 13 . lincoln ( to visor ) Census file : two -delta , starkweather . - - T W o - D E L T a , starkweather : 102 , sector 4 - day : -- / hr : -- lincoln ( to visor ) accomodation status : 102 , sector 4 . the tiere box resolve , zoom in to isolate apartment 102 . the box show solid white . lincoln frown , assimilate this . lincoln hey , jonesy . remember the guy who win the spin yesterday ? his apartment 's still show as occupy . jone ( o.s. ) so ? lincoln so you get 24 hour to move out . jone ( o.s. ) maybe the system do not update yet . lincoln no . it update on the hour . if he 's go it should be show a vacancy . jone ( appear over the partition ) what ? you think he 's still here ? the guy win a place on the Island and you think he just decide not to go ? lincoln I do not know . he be not there to step up . and now there 's a census check ... jone and now nothing . it 's probably the programmer mess up . lincoln maybe . jone a stim unit say I can prove it . Cross reference with sanitation . lincoln ( to visor ) sanitation status : 102 , sector four . 14 . -- processing ... apt . 102 ; close for containment check -- jone see ? Standard procedure . they get to sweep it for the next occupant . they supervisor interrupt they - a outsider , efficient - type - supervisor if you gentleman be not busy ... perhaps I could get a update on sector six ? lincoln still in the electrical phase , sir . supervisor well the guy upstairs be gripe about the backlog . so go over there and light some fire , will you ? lincoln ( pull on he jacket to leave ) I will take care of it . supervisor be not you forget something ? ( hold up a steel briefcase ) or do you want to get contaminate ? 16 int . construction zone - sector six - day a arc of blue light . a uniform worker steer a plasma torch over a conduit . in the fog of smoke , we see wire be splice , circuit , test . outsider in hardhat , goggle and cup mask . lincoln come over the crosswalk , starkly contrast in dacron coverall and a hood gasmask . the crew foreman intercept he - draw , desiccate feature , a husky drawl . his name be mccord - mccord sorry , chief . I can not let you get any closer . we get live wire over there . lincoln 's reply be muffle by the gasmask , lose in the noise . mccord what 's that you say ? lincoln repeat to no avail . frustrate , he peel off he gasmask - lincoln I say I can not hear you . m c C of be d c h u c k l e 's at the irony . 15 . mccord he y , you get yourself contaminate , do not come point the finger at I . lincoln how be you do , Mac ? mccord you know how it be . ` get to the end of shift , kcrew start draggin t h e i be foot . lincoln we l l the guy upstairs be gripe about the backlog . they want to know when you will be ready for move in . mccord I guess if we bust we back , we could be out of here by the end of the week . lincoln I will tell they two week . mccord thanks , chief . I appreciate that . lincoln so . . . get any stuff on you today ? 17 int . airlock - sector six a sign read " warning ! contamination Risk ! " . lincoln stand by as mccord u n l of of p 's a neckchain with i t h a single - fork pendant know as a " uni-key " . he slot it into the top of three keyhole . a light start flash and the airlock give a heavily pressurize hiss . 18 int . extractor shaft a deep steady thrum . giant extractor fan churn above and below , both direction seemingly limitless . the bleak concrete shaft be streak with soot , thread by ladder and catwalk . on one such , we isolate lincoln and mccord . B of t h smoking cigarettes . lincoln I t ' 's too bad . mccord what do you mean ? lincoln T h a t you shift 's almost over . 16 . mccord you mean , this thing ? well , this thing be not good for you anyways . lincoln the y taste good . a exchange smile . a pause as they enjoy the guilty pleasure . lincoln I like come here . talk . most outsider do not like to talk . mccord that 's because we be not suppose to . they get rule about fraternization . lincoln nod . another pause as they drag on they cigarettes . lincoln what do you do when the shift 's over ? mccord m of be e of the same . they cycle we onto the disposal detail . hump `n dump crew . lincoln h u m p `n dump crew ? mccord D e b be i 's clearance . we hump the heavy stuff to a site on the outside . lincoln be it as bad as they say out there ? m c C of be d l of of k 's momentarily puzzle . lincoln display he gasmask . lincoln the air ... the containment . mccord right . lincoln but not everywhere . not on the Island . mccord ( b e a t , stub he cigarette ) I do not know too much about that . lincoln eye he narrowly . mccord p a u 's e 's , then tuck he lighter into the cigarette box and offer it with a palliative smile . 17 . mccord he y , take it from I , you get a sweet deal right here . so why worry , huh ? lincoln shrug , accept the gift with a slow exhale of smoke . we tilt up to follow the smoke plume , dissipate into the fan . 19 ext . the world outside - day a i be blast up from a giant tunnel . W i d e n i n g , we see it be one of a huge ring , plant in the dust , backdrop b y mountainous red rock . at the hub of the ring be a large cubic building . from its facet , giant appendage of ducting plunge into its surround . this be the inlet for the process air that feed the underground ... this be the landscape of the world outside and manifestly above . F be of m the processing plant , we pull back and up , rake over a large industrial complex . more cubic building , cream color , windowless , like stack of giant play brick . now we see the front of the complex . the planate for a c a d e , faceless but for the entrance , cube in polarize glass , like a dark cyclopean eye . F be of m the entrance , we follow a walkway out to a dock where the ground drop away into a broad concrete trench ; like the subway , line with lode - pole and buffer , it be know as a " lodeway " . from the dock , we follow the lodeway out to a perimeter wall ; red rock slab , twenty foot high , frame a giant gateway . the gate now glide open to disclose a view of the world outside the wall - the shimmer bleach wilderness of the Arizona Desert . o u t in the distance , where the lodeway taper into the scrub , a vehicle emerge from the shimmer . a hybrid of bus and nautical craft , single hull , know simply as a " liner " . now as the liner become clearer , a decal on its prow be reveal - a crosshatch insignia over a blocky l e g e n d " the sanger Institute " . 20 int . entrance hall - the sanger institute - day the polarize glass show the liner have dock and a tour group be disembark . the man be mostly over 40 , bloat by luxury . the woman , mostly under 30 , wife and girlfriend , all jewel and haute couture . they filter into the entrance hall to be greet by the courtesy staff . pretty girl in short skirt and blazer with the crosshatch insignia , lead by a pert redhead name lydia . lydia L a d i e 's and gentleman , my name be lydia and on behalf of we staff , I would like t of welcome you to the sanger Institute . 18. lydia ( cont would ) before we start the tour , we will be serv - i n g be e for r e 's h mae n t 's in the visitor center and circulate we standard discretion agreement . I should add that today you be all very lucky because we ceo and founder , Dr. Henry sanger , be with we and will be lead the tour personally . 21 int . inner foyer - later the crosshatch emblem spin on a wall - to - wall screen . not a real screen but a project flat know as a " holoframe " . here , lydia assemble the tour group , nursing wine glass and canape . the holoframe fade up a serene music track and a commercial begin : a series of vignettes ; a old man shuffle on a walk frame -- a middle - age woman in a bathing suit , one breast flatten by a mastectomy -- a young woman in labor , she face knotted in pain . the group watch with frown and disapprove mumble . then - V o I C E ( o.s. ) I t ' 's not a pretty sight , be it ? E y e 's turn to a figure behind they , dress in a vestmental with h i t e labcoat - 70' , tall , slightly hunch by senility , eye like quicksilver , glitter . he have the hauteur of a visionary stooping to the role of a salesman . his name be dr . henry sanger . dr . sanger ( cont would ) m of be t a l i t y . we all know its face and yet with e look away , do not we ? we deny that we l i v e 's be ordain to suffer . that with e be all , inalterably , go to die . he pause , field the various disconcert look . then smile . dr . sanger I t take courage to confront mortality , my friend . and I see it in each of y of u . my name be Dr. Henry sanger and I be here to reward you courage . L y d i a applaud . the tour group dutifully follow suit . sanger whisper a question in lydia 's ear . she broadcast she response - lydia T of d a y ' 's group be from New Gaza Health Care . they be with the platinum plan . dr . sanger N e with Gaza . yes , very good oncology unit . m u l l i n g this , he amble through the holoframe which ripple at he passage . rallied by lydia the tour group follow he into -- 19 . 22 int . sale hall - day a hall of window , each window frame a display case , each display case housing a different taxidermied a n i m a l . not unlike a museum . on closer inspection , more like a chamber of horror . I n one window be a pig with a horribly distend abdomen . another , magnify , show a mouse with a human ear grow on its back . in another , a chimpanzee stare out at we with glaringly human eye . dr . sanger I t do not get any prettier , do it ? but this be not a freakshow , my friend . this be a war museum . a history of we battle with mortality ... and defeat . take the stem cell , for instance . a bid to cultivate human part for transplant - in rodent , primate , barnyard animal . it 's enough to make you skin crawl . in some case literally , give rise to a new range of cross-specy viruse . but that 's how we learn . from we mistake . the y turn a corner . another hall of window , portal onto tank of amber fluid that might be formaldehyde . suspend within be embryos , fetus and infant . all human . all grotesquely mutate . dr . sanger C a 's e in point , the clone . back in the beginning , the mapp of the human genome be declare a historic landmark - t of break the curse of heredity , to correct congenital defect ... genetic engineering become the brave new world of medical science . a bright future that lead to a dark age and much of the legislation we know today . but while the clone law may have narrow the field , science march on . only to hit the same wall over and over again - the enigma of growth , the alchemy that take we from embryo to adult . a clone barely reach infancy before its growth enzyme misfire , result in the kind of monstrosity - which be only effigy - you see here . S of m e reassure sigh from the woman . they turn another corner onto another hall . a hall of mirror . simple , full - length mirror . dr . sanger so what do we learn from we mistake ? that human part can not grow outside a human body . that human body can not grow outside nature 's grand design . 20 . a fat man , support he bulk with a walk stick , grunt - T h E fat man S of what the hell be we do here ? dr . sanger L e t ' 's say one day you go to you doctor for a checkup . he discover you have imminent renal failure and require a kidney transplant . what would you do ? T h E fat man I would not do nothing . my brother would g i v e I one of he . or else . dr . sanger E v e n if you brother 's kidney be with - of u t defect , there 's still a 38 % chance of rejection . or less if he 's you twin . T h E fat man he 's not . he 's older . dr . sanger but what if you do have a twin ? o for for the fat man 's confuse look , sanger smile and gently coax he to face a mirror . they reflection stare back at they . dr . sanger what if you have a genetic double who would give you not just one of he kidney , but both ? in fact , any organ or body part you ever have cause to need ? T h E fat man what ? you mean like a clone ? I think you say all that stuff be a bust . dr . sanger I say the problem with a clone be it do not survive infancy . the solution be to find a different start point . why sow the seed when you can create the fruit ? or what we like to call ... a " agnate " . L y d i a start clap . , then 's t of p 's , realize this be not a cue . dr . sanger a agnate be sequence from a point on the cellular timeclock . I t be spawn post-maturate . it be vcreate ' adult . 21 . dr . sanger ( cont would ) o for course , its brain be still vestigial 's of for the first three year we keep it i n suspension . during which time we use d a t a impression to supply a template for of be functionality - a process we call " for of u n d a t i of n " . after foundation we t be a n 's for e be the agnate into " containment " with h e r e it enter the conditioning p be of c e 's 's . a ongoing series of quality c of n t be of l 's design to test and maintain i t 's functionality . after a minimum of t with of year conditioning , the agnate b e c of mae 's eligible for harvest ... ( t of the fat man , smile ) a d you , my friend , get you new kidney . a hush fall among the group as they process what they have hear . it 's a sign of the time that none of they seem to be horrify . T h E fat man L e t I see if I get this straight . you can create this whatever ... this walk spare part holder ... but I gotta with a i t five year to get hold of they ? dr . sanger the spare part , as you put it , need to be test for integrity . but as many of we client leave it till late in life to take out the policy , we do offer the option for early harvest . give the risk , however , a waiver be require . T h E fat man S of five year or no warranty ? for the premium you be ask ? dr . sanger a d what if the organ you need be a heart ? ask yourself , each of you . if you have to put a price on you life , you very survival - what would it be ? a deep lull as the group consider this . sanger pick he moment . dr . sanger I t ' 's a question you insurance company have already answer . for they , the agnate obviate costly and ineffective treatment program . should you decide t of take out we policy , not only will they lower you exist premium but they will also cover the production cost . 22. the incentive ripple across the face . a troubled one speak up - T o U R member this " agnate " ... what happen to it ? after we friend here get he kidney . dr . sanger that 's entirely he decision . we role be intermediary . we , as the insurance provider , guarantee the condition and availability of the agnate but all other rights be retain . in legal term , the policy holder be define as a " sponsor " . the premium , in effect , become sponsorship payment , maintain the agnate until such time as harvest be require . at such time and where feasible , the sponsor have the option to extend sponsorship , retain the agnate for secondary harvest or , shall we say , let the policy expire . T o U R member E x p i be e ? you mean ... let it die ? dr . sanger N of . not as you and I know it , at least . the association of life and death be no more applicable to a agnate than to a cow in a field . it exist in a state of limited consciousness - aware not of life but of functionality . imbue with the knowledge to maintain its function but without the capacity to question it . and yet , in many way , the end if the most humane part of the process . the agnate go to harvest without any fore - b of d i n g and be painlessly return to the sleep from whence it come . eternal or otherwise . there be mortality for a agnate . just utility and redundancy . T o U R member S of it do not know ? it do not know its ... its p u be p of 's e in life ? dr . sanger W h of do know my friend ? who among we know we true purpose in life ? S a n g e be amble on , plunge in think . lydia pick up the slack - 23. lydia this month we be offer a special rate for new sponsor . include a 10 % discount on the he -and -her plan . she usher the group round another corner . another holoframe and another commercial , display the same character as the first ; the old man with the walk frame be now run in a park -- the woman with the mastectomy be now at a party , she cocktail dress broadcasting a full cleavage -- the young mother be now in a wait room , smile as a doctor hand she a newborn baby . lydia dr . sanger ? would you like to close ? dr . sanger yes . . . now some of you may be think this commercial be stage . but this be not actor , this be past customer . Real p e of p l e enjoy the real for be u i t 's of sponsorship . what we offer here at the sanger Institute be not just health insurance but indemnity . what we offer be the chance of a new lease on life ... the tour group applaud , this time without prompt from lydia . dr . sanger N of with lydia will walk you through the rest of the tour and explain the various limitation and exclusion . but I do have time for a few question . h a n d 's be raise . a waspishilook woman butt ahead of they - T h E wasp the commercial . the girl with the baby . what be that ? a fix for infertility ? dr . sanger you mean the maternity plan ? no . N of t endemic infertility at least . as I say , the law prohibit genetic alteration so a defect endemic in a sponsor will also be present in they agnate . no , what the maternity plan provide be a way round the risk and rigor of childbirth . under this plan , a agnate become eligible for pregnancy shortly after foundation . a simple donation of sperm from the father , then the agnate be fertilize and bring you baby to term . 24 . the wasp a d then what ? you get it in the mail ? dr . sanger F of be practical reason , delivery be handle by you healthcare p be of v i d e be . T h E wasp a d " the agnate " - what happen to it ? when it 's , you know - deliver . dr . sanger the same rule apply . you can continue you sponsorship . or not . and in this case , there 's a natural window for compliance as the agnate be routinely sedate after delivery . as to whether it wake up from that sleep , like I say , the choice be yours ... T h E wasp ( b e a t , a shrug ) a y t h i n g to avoid stretch - mark , right ? the other tour member , some more guiltily than other , laugh . 23 ext . processing plant a i be blast up from the same giant tunnel , swallow the laugh . 24 int . extractor shaft the acoustic hollowing as we look up from the now empty catwalk . the blast of air fade into the deep , steady thrum of the fan . 25 int . containment the thrum fade to silence . a flat , measure silence as we revisit the community in soundless montage . the residential block , the frost facade . the nutrition plaza , the counter , the chute . the subway , the move walkway . centerville , the building now emit a trickle of agnate , end they workday - unwitting participant in they own great utility . 26 int . director' office - centerville a glass wall look down on the avenue . the furniture be tran - p a be e n t , ethereal . merrick sit at a console desk study a etherboard . o for for a buzz , he tap a button . the door open and lincoln enter , compose a deadpan . he do not like this man . lincoln you want to see I ? 25 . merrick yes . please , take a seat . he tap a button . the glass wall frost over . it 's unnerve but lincoln stay deadpan , move the chair before take a seat . merrick review the etherboard : lincoln 's headshot 's p i n n i n g in 3d with i t h a scroll of data . then he look up , form a smile - merrick how ' 's lincoln six - echo today ? lincoln shrug , noncommittal . merrick eye he thoughtfully . merrick E v e be y t h i n g go okay ? lincoln I guess not . merrick why do you say that ? lincoln I for I be here . merrick I be not sure I deserve such a negative association . my job 's only to see that you be happy . that everything 's okay . lincoln right . merrick I t sound like you do not believe I . lincoln why would not I ? merrick ( 's i t 's back , smile ) I t ' 's part of you makeup . to challenge thing . to question what 's around you . lincoln ah . merrick p e be h a p 's you can utilize that facility by help I solve a little puzzle . lincoln shift , feel uneasy . merrick consult the etherboard - 26 . merrick you be do well in most area - pro - for i c i e n t a t work , exercise rigorously , you last medical put you in excellent condition . but screen 's pick up some deviation . trace level , change in you sleep pattern ... I see you have also be burn up you quotas ... lincoln a be e you say I be contaminate ? merrick no. lincoln the n what 's the problem ? merrick the be e be parameter , lincoln . when someone start straying from that parameter , we need to find out why . lincoln why ? merrick because you - not just you , all of we resident - be special . because people like I do not get to go to the Island . he smile . lincoln stay deadpan , wonder where this be go . merrick S of tell I , have you notice any change in yourself ? lincoln no. merrick what about you sleep pattern ? you feel you have be sleep properly ? lincoln shrug , refractory . merrick L e t I put it another way , when you wake up , do you feel ... disrupt ? lincoln disrupt ? 27 . merrick R e 's t l e 's 's , disorient , uneasy ... lincoln I do not know . merrick they be all word in you vocabulary . I know you understand what they mean . lincoln ' 's jaw clenches , patronize . merrick note this , resume - merrick quotas . . . nutrition . do you feel like you want more than you be give ? lincoln I do not know . merrick do you have any difficulty stay focus ? at work , for instance ? lincoln ' 's jaw twitches . merrick note this , proceed with care - merrick h a v e you be experience feeling , sensation you do not quite understand ? lincoln I do not know . merrick do you sometimes feel agitate for no apparent reason ? frustrate , angry ... lincoln that 's it . merrick a g be y ? you feel angry ? lincoln right . merrick when exactly do you feel angry ? lincoln now ... lincoln lean forward as if to assert this . merrick slowly nod like he 's just reveal something . he tap the etherboard - 28 . merrick I be go to order some test at the Medical Center . in the meantime , I would like you to stay away from stimulant - protein , sugar , caffeine ... lincoln I already burn up my quotas . merrick but I know you can get around they . he level a know look . lincoln stiffen again , unsettle . merrick I be ask you to cooperate . not for my sake , lincoln , but for you own . lincoln be that it ? merrick the be e be one other thing . you have a female friend . " ester " . you file show you have be interact regularly . lincoln the be e ' 's no law against friendship . merrick o for course not . we encourage interaction in the hope it will be of mutual benefit . but give this deviation ... let 's just say proximity become a issue . lincoln I know the rule of proximity . merrick the rule of proximity apply to sexual contact , lincoln . in this case it go deeper than that . ester be enter h e be second trimester . a time of change and emotional confusion . further inter - a c t i of n might be ... unhealthy for you . lincoln , patronize , look away . this pill he will not swallow . merrick a d for ester - well , she have only six month leave to delivery . then she will move out to the Island and whatever tie she have here will be break . 29 . merrick ( cont would ) a 's a friend , should not you make she t be a n 's i t i of n as painless as possible ? lincoln ' 's deadpan falter . this one , a bitter pill , he swallow . merrick G of of d . now I be also go to refill you pleasure quota . it may help to settle you down a little . lincoln thank you . I feel much better now . merrick I be not sure you do . but I think you will do what 's right , lincoln . you may not trust I . but I trust you . 27 int . community CENTER - centerville - evening a theater in the round . the audience be mostly pregnant female and older resident . as the light dim , eye turn to the stage . speaker bring up handel 's o m b be a m a i fu . then a glow mist rise , condense into a huge sphere , like a seed . known as a " holomorph " , it react sonically , germinate into stem and branch and blossom , grow and evolve with the music . the diaspora i 's as spellbind as it be pacify . it be beautiful . 28 int . foyer - community CENTER - evening the music from within be like a warm beckone hand . the foyer be slightly vault to accommodate a statue . on a bench at its for of of t , ester sit alone , wait patiently . as lincoln enter , 's h e rise to greet he , smile . he seem more sullen than usual . lincoln S of be be y I be late . ester I t ' 's okay . I be wait to tell you something anyway . guess what ? lincoln look at she , unsettle by she flourishing smile . ester m y baby - I feel it move . and it 's the weirdest feel too . I can not explain it . it 's like be more ... more h e be e . lincoln return a deadpan look . ester 's smile waver a little . 30 . ester I be sorry . I be all excited and we be suppose to be find peace of mind . lincoln I have to cancel , ester . his voice be expressionless . ester shrug , refresh she smile . ester S of I will see you at breakfast tomorrow ? lincoln I do not think so . ester ' 's smile fall . her eye , reach , try to understand . ester do I do something wrong , lincoln ? lincoln no . a small word but it come heavily . before ester can ask another question , lincoln turn and leave . his jaw , clenching with the effort of self - containment . ester watch he , not hurt , just a little confuse . we widen to encompass the height of the statue . the likeness be idealize but unmistakably that of Dr. sanger . 29 int . pleasure CENTER - night B l u e light . lincoln walk up a long corridor , carry a seal plastic bag . along the wall , poster - size screen like that in the bar , display image of woman , gyrate , lick they lip . 30 int . pleasure cell - night the blue light sustain . to one side be a mirrore wall , know as a " etherwall " . it be currently pixellate t of display a grid of woman 's face , artificial consort wait to be select . facing the etherwall i 's a large aquarium - like tank , fill with gelatinous blue liquid . this vessel be know as a " sense tank " . lincoln sit at the rim , naked , wear a full - head oxygen mask . he couple it to a hose dangle from the ceiling . then lower himself into the tank . on the inner facet , a touchlight k e y p a d resolve . lincoln tap some key and the etherwall a c k n of with l e d g e 's : - - p L E a S U R E partner selected ; program commencing ... lincoln look out at the etherwall . the face blink off to leave he stare at he reflection . just one leave , a pout redhead , who lick she lip in anticipation as the light dim . 31 . a holographic mist now rise . first resolve a proxy of lincoln , naked , replicate he posture in the tank . then the redhead be conjure , she buxom nudity glimpse through the swirl mist . lincoln proxy reach out to stroke redhead proxy 's breast . in the tank , lincoln 's finger caress only the gel , he fingertip meet by soft arc of light - neurological charge , conduct by the gel , create the sense of touch . they be know as " impulse arc " . redhead proxy respond , dapple she lip across lincoln proxy 's neck . in the tank , impulse arc flicker across lincoln 's throat , then down he chest , descend to more erogenous zone . lincoln stiffen and close he eye , yield to the sensation . the sensation engulf he , lincoln 's brow start to furrow . not with ecstasy . something darker . his eye open , he pupil fix in a black dilate stare . resisting the artificiality , he face form a sneer , tightening until ... he slam h i 's palm into the touchpad . the tank shake . the proxies blink out . lincoln stand mirrore in the etherwall . his hand , press against the glass in a posture of defiance . his reflection , warpe and shudder . 31 int . elevator shaft F be of m darkness grow a seed of light . Red light , pulsing to reveal the shaft , line by lode - pole , here in triangulate relay . the polarity cradle a dark mass towards we . a elevator in descent . 32 int . director' office merrick be at he console , work late . off a buzz , he tap a button . the door open and a outsider enter - 40' , square set , hollow , remote eye . his hair be damp and he wear post- decon scrub . a usmc ring be visible on he finger . his name be scheer . merrick k a be l . . . welcome back . S c h e e be pause , he face twitching . then sneeze violently . scheer I forget how much I hate the air here . merrick J u 's t a histamine reflex . you system 's readjust to the sterile environment . scheer I t ' 's the smell I hate . empty . merrick yes , well I cut short you leave for a reason . I take it you have be brief ? 32 . scheer ( 's i t 's , sniff ) o n e of we lab rat be miss . W i t h a dour look , merrick slot he etherboard i n t of a dock . a proxy resolve over the console , quarter scale , spin in 3d ; male , African american , bull neck . data etch across thin air : - - p R o D U C T id : starkweather ; foundation : ii ; generation : delta ; - - I N T E G R a T I o N date : 01/27/84 // containment ref : 102 , sector 4 merrick his name be starkweather two-delta . he drop off the ether two day ago . at first we think it be a system error . then we find this in a garbage chute . he open a drawer and pull out a ethercuff . he hand it to scheer who consider it remotely for a few second . then - scheer D e l t a generation , huh ? merrick that 's right . scheer I t be a Delta the last time . merrick T h a t be entirely different . the product suffer a head injury . scheer what happen to this one ? merrick we do not know . he just disappear . scheer N of t easy to disappear . unless he figure a way through the boundary . merrick he 's a code two , Karl . a low functioner . scheer I for you ask I , it 's a mistake give they any function at all . merrick the y do not function mentally , they do not function physically - you know that . 33. scheer the n perhaps if you be go to breed lab rat , you should breed they tame . his look , albeit from a distance , throw a stone . merrick harden - merrick I for you bother to read the clone law , you would realize we have no choice in the matter . the virtual humanity statute accord they a set of freedom . all we can do be prescribe the limit . and even that be subject to regulation . scope of knowledge , range of activity , even they speech pattern . the law require that what be of human origin be provide with human characteristic . scheer you mean , like fallibility ? merrick pause . he 's not go to take the bait . merrick the ether show no attempt on the boundary . he 's here , Karl . but for some reason , you man seem unable to find he . it 's you job to contain the product . I would like you to do it , okay ? scheer a little sensitive , be not we ? merrick J u 's t after starkweather go miss , he sponsor place a order . a order we can not fill . damn right I be sensitive . scheer a l be i g h t . how much time do I have ? merrick tap a button . a holoframe appear beside the proxy . even in two dimension , the face be identical . just a different hairstyle and a gold earring . this be the face of the sponsor . merrick J a m i l starkweather . . . last week he sustained a hepatic trauma result in liver hemorrhage . in medical term , we have maybe a few week . in legal term , we be already of n borrow time ... ( a 's scheer rise to leave ) a d Karl ? 34 . merrick ( cont would ) I do not want a godawful m e 's 's like the l a 's t time . minimal damage . understood ? 33 int . lincoln' apartment - predawn the horizon . the green mountain cast black by the predawn glower . lincoln sit rigidly hunch on he bed , still in yesterday 's clothes , sleepless . he be stare fixedly out of the window , hungrily , as if invite the outer darkness to come in . his gaze lower onto he jacket , sling across the bed . he dig in the pocket . and pull out the cigarette pack . for a moment he consider it . then slowly , purposefully , he open it . he slip a cigarette between he lip . and light up . he lean back , take a slow drag . exhaling , he watch the smoke rise . his gaze rest on the etherscreen above , expectant . the cursor come to life : - - S C R E E N I N G . . . contaminant detected : advising sanitation ctrl R e for l e c t e d in the ceiling , lincoln grin at he small victory . 34 int . residential block - sector four q u i e t , empty at this hour . just the drum of footfalls as lincoln march up the walkway , puffing he cigarette . he stop at the ethergate , regard it as if for the first time . then he stub out he cigarette . and swipe he ethercuff of v e be the scanner . 35 int . the ether grid a blue dot blink in space . we widen to establish its locus on a tomograph . now building the box , the quadrant , the sector . revealing a vast , fully dimensional hologram of containment . it spin in the vault chamber like a giant geometrical phantom . 36 int . ether control room o v e be l of of k i n g the ether , like a studio control booth . known as " ethercon " , it 's also the title of the censor at the console . scheer stand over he , now in a white censor uniform with black chevron on the sleeve , mark he seniority . he instruct - scheer R e v e be 's e map . crop to twelve hour segment . then put up a sub-grid . - - S T a R k W E a T h E R two - delta : ether history ; reverse mapping ... T of one side , a miniature of the ether grid resolve . it pepper with a series of blue dot . then a blue line stem from a point of origin to start join they . scheer lean in , eye hone , watch the blue line retrace the last step of he quarry . 35 . 37 int . nutrition plaza - sector four - predawn the glass wall reprise the predawn glower . the plaza be empty at this hour . but the service counter be staff as breakfast be be prepare . the clerk look surprised to see lincoln arrive so early . he seem grim , latent , stiffly swiping he ethercuff of v e be the scanner . she eye the readout on she screen - N U T R I T I o N clerk lincoln six-echo ... option be dry fruit , oatmeal or anything in bran . lincoln I want some bacon . N U T R I T I o N clerk you hear the option . lincoln a d coffee . I want coffee . the clerk sigh and tap she screen . turn to the chute , she collect a foil cover bowl and a juice can and set they on lincoln 's tray . lincoln glance down at it , then back up - lincoln this be not what I ask for . N U T R I T I o N clerk you want to get into it ? look , I just work here , pal . I serve the meal and make sure it go down on you record . lincoln nod slowly . then pick up the bowl . and fling i t across the plaza . then the juice can , try to outdistance the bowl . finally , the tray , which rotor almost to the far side before clatter into obscurity . then he turn back to the clerk - lincoln p u t that on my fuck be e c of be d . 38 int . subway portal - sector four the lattice wall of ethergate . the rise beat of footfalls as lincoln approach . he swipe he ethercuff of v e be the scanner . the gate slowly hiss open . too slowly for lincoln , who kick it and barge he way through , leave the gate to shudder on its hinge . 39 int . subway platform the walkway , unmove . the platform , desert . the echoing beat of footfalls as lincoln march up to the vend machine . he swipe he ethercuff of v e be the scanner . a screen illuminate : 36 . --sugar quota exceeded ; access denied lincoln glower at the message . his jaw clenching , twitching with anger . erupting , he lash out , punch t h e machine . he wince as he knuckle crack . then grab the machine , try to rip it off the wall . pull , strain , sneering with effort , until - he let go with a defeat gasp . then kick the machine in final affront . the machine resound with a dull boom . for a moment , he stand there , chest heaving . then suddenly trap he breath ... the be e , in the fade boom , a noise . faint , rhythmic . become discernible as the SOUND of a man sobbing . lincoln turn toward the platform . trace the sound , he cross to the safety fence . lincoln hello ? his voice echoe to nothing . he lean over the fence and peer up the tunnel . there . in the fog of darkness , a figure . a figure pause , half -stand , like a animal on the brink of flight . the figure seem to stare at he . then pull upright . now move forward and into the light . his face be African american , bull - n e c k e d , eye wild and bloodshot . a stranger to lincoln , we know he as starkweather two -delta . his voice be quivering , unhinge - starkweather please ... lincoln stand , freeze by the sight of this dark , dishevel resident . as he climb up onto the platform , we see he hand , the fingertip grate and bloody . he lumber towards lincoln - starkweather p l e a 's e , you have to help I ... he rush forward , grab lincoln , pull he face - close - starkweather y o U can't let they take I ! the stranger 's eye grow darkly , he pupil abysmal , black with dilation . lincoln fiercely shrug off he grip , back away ... lincoln W h of be you ? what 's wrong with you ? the stranger 's eye bore into he , obsidian . face contort , bare he tooth like a rabid dog . suddenly he lunge a t lincoln - - B o o m - ramming he back into the vend machine - lincoln be stunne - suddenly a vice - like grip on he wrist swing he round - - C R a C k - into the etherscreen banner , webbing at the impact ... 37 . for a moment , all be a blur . teeter , lincoln prop himself against the wall . then he focus resolve on the etherscreen and he fracture reflection . he release a deep , bewilder breath . then he notice he wrist . his ethercuff i 's miss , he skin , graze red from abrasion . confusion yield to anger , he look for he assailant . but the platform be empty . his jaw clenches . 40 int . subway portal - sector four T h E drum of footfalls as starkweather rush up to the ethergate . h a n d shaking , he swipe lincoln 's ethercuff of v e be the scanner . the gate hiss open and he barrel through , suddenly spur by -- lincoln bursting up from the well of walkway , charge forward like a bull . the gate now close , lincoln race for the gap , barging he way through . and the gate snap shut with a clang . 41 int . ether control room a N alarm sound . the console flash . ethercon respond with a flurry of keystroke . scheer rejoin he as he pull up a sub - g be i d . this one evolve past tomograph , mosaice a n g l e 's from etherscreen , conjugate a 3d l i v e feed know as a " etherview " -- m a T C h CUT to : 42 int . nutrition plaza - sector four - dawn S T a R k W E a T h E R barreling across the plaza ; glance off table , send chair fly . some resident , arrive for breakfast , scatter at he onset . shock face , look back and forth as lincoln follow , in hot pursuit , vaulting the topple furniture . 43 int . elevator bank - a upper level a squad of censor converging ; call suddenly to duty , looping tri-key be of u n d they neck , don headsets , prime stopgun . S c h e e be lead they into the elevator , coolly relaying he order - scheer S u b j e c t head into North quadrant . two - m a n team - we block he and force he to ground . if you have a shot , hook he but keep it above the belt . management do not want we to " damage the product " . the censor roll they eye knowingly . scheer tap he headset . S C h E E R ( into headset ) E t h e be c of n ? sector four North ; code a exclusion for tri-key a c c e 's 's . then give I a full quadrant lockdown . 38 . 44 int . residential block - sector four a vertical onto a residential block : the grid of crosswalk , the tier of frost facade ; quiet , the resident still dormant -- a drum of footfalls : then a figure break frame , racing up the walkway of a upper floor ; then another figure , in hot pursuit -- T h E lockdown I N I T I a T E S : the light shifting spectrum from white to ultraviolet , bathing the quadrant in a lambent purple haze -- S T a R k W E a T h E R : he eye bulg with panic as he race up the walkway , strain for a ethergate a t the far end of the floor -- lincoln : he eye charge with adrenaline , strain to close ground on he assailant ; oblivious to the building noise of -- T h E lockdown : lock hiss , light flash , rip up the row of frost facade ; sweeping past lincoln and onward toward -- S T a R k W E a T h E R : the ripple of hiss lock rush up on he , he pour on the pace , sneering with effort as he try to outrace -- T h E lockdown : the ripple spearing ahead of he to the end of the floor ; now banking across the ethergate a n d sealing the exit . S T a R k W E a T h E R : stall by the realization he 's trap ; he spin round , look for another avenue of escape only to find -- lincoln : blindside h i 's assailant with a headlong tackle ; both man toppling over , hit the floor with a bone - jarring thud -- S T a R k W E a T h E R : quick to recover , break lose of entanglement ; now struggle to he foot , stumbling onward up the walkway -- lincoln : get up to resume pursuit , then pause , spot he ethercuff , discard on the ground . he look up in confusion at -- S T a R k W E a T h E R : a short distance ahead , climb over the walkway rail ; launching himself off , into a seemingly suicidal plummet -- lincoln : lean over the rail , see he assailant land safely on a crosswalk beneath , resume he flight on the lower floor as - - B o o m - a gunblast be i p 's the air . a keening SOUND build to a wail - - T h U D - lincoln jolt as something hit he shoulder , catch he off - balance , a stab of pain keel he onto the rail - clang - lincoln slump into fg - two censor converge like white ghost from the purple haze - one reprimand he recalcitrant cohort - 39 . censor you asshole ! you hook the wrong one ! he crouch to examine lincoln . blood be blossoming from a wound on he shoulder , jutting from which be a projectile . the censor press its base and it snap loose of its unintend target . N of with we see the projectile more clearly . a fat metal pellet , snub - n of 's e d , finn at the tail by four metal tooth . on impact , the nose recess to release a springload a n d the tooth snap forward to bite into the target . this device be know as a " hookhead " . censor J u 's t a flesh wound . ` hit he head pretty hard . possible concussion . ( i n 's p e c t i n g lincoln 's pupil ) T h i n k you can walk , buddy ? lincoln nod slightly . the censor unloop a tri-key for be of m he neck - censor you see this ? it will get you past the lockdown . you be to report to the Medical Center . you understand ? o for for lincoln 's blank stare , the censor press the tri-key i n t of he palm . then depart . lincoln stay where he sit , still daze from the concussion . absently he watch the censor race off up the walkway , dissolve back into the purple haze as we - C U T to : 45 int . ether control room S T a R k W E a T h E R running . meeting white uniform at every turn , zig - z a g g i n g of v e be crosswalk , down ramp . the rat in the maze , dumb to its inevitable destination . widen , we see we be watch the action on etherview , rack and dolly like a deific e y e . E T h E R C o N ( into headset ) E a 's t side team hold position . subject head for the second floor crossramp . 46 int . ground floor - residential block C l of a k e d in shadow , scheer listen to the play- by-play on headset . with a tap , he change the channel , whisper to he squad - S C h E E R ( into headset ) G i v e he some space . I have he . a N o T h E R angle : starkweather hit the deck run , sprinting up the avenue . in bg , scheer step forth , stopgun l e v e l l e d , aim -- 40 . - boom - the flash of the muzzle , the shrill wail of the hookhead . - T h U D - starkweather jolt as the shot hit he square in the back , arching as the hookhead b i t e 's ; but he keep on run - - B o o m - B o o m - B o o m - scheer unleash he ordnance , fill the air . - T h U D - T h U D - T h U D - starkweather jolt from one , two , three more hit ; hookhead b i t i n g , spraying blood ; but he keep on run . S C h E E R ( into headset ) a l l clear . flood the area . a N o T h E R angle ; floor level , as between the tile , tiny red light start blink , rippling forward in a wave . known as " lode-pin " they small magnetic pulse accumulate into a low level stream . the hookhead c l a with e d in starkweather 's back also start blink red . the invisible stream flow beneath he foot , starkweather feel its force . the duelling polarity steal he traction . his run reduce to a slipslide 's t a g g e be . then he foot leave the ground . he flail for a handhold . but there 's nothing . the force lift he a foot clear off the ground before balance out to dangle he in mid-air , squirming about like a fish on a hook . a N o T h E R angle ; scheer advance to reel in he catch . the stream bow before he , red light blink out . until all that remain be the section where starkweather hang suspend . scheer stop at its limit , look up at he like some curious zoo exhibit . S C h E E R ( into headset ) h of of d he , cuff he , patch the bleed . then let 's get he up to level Three . a N o T h E R angle : look down from high above as the censor move in on starkweather . scheer now walk away , tapping he headset - S C h E E R ( into headset ) E t h e be c of n ? send word to dispatch . starkweather two -delta be secure . R E V E R S E angle : lincoln in cu , look down . he have see and hear all that have just pass . in he eye , we see he daze clear , consciousness coalesc , deepen . his pupil dilating into a deep and uncanny stare . what can only be describe as a dawn . 47 int . nutrition plaza - sector four - later N of with full but unusually quiet . resident sit in whisper , anxious discourse . the news of the incident be spread . off a series of chime , eye turn to the glass wall , now pixellate i n t of a outsider 's face - calm , official . the community announcer begin - 41 . community announcer good morning - this be a community bulletin ... follow a incident in sector four earlier this morning , the Department of sanitation be issue a all - sector contamination warning ... tracking the rapt concern of the resident , ester among they . community announcer the incident involved a resident find to be infect with a pathogen . while the risk be assess , resident be advise to be aware of the symptom . should you experience aberrant level of anxiety or witness it in other , immediately contact the Medical Center . 48 int . director' office the proxy of starkweather spin over the desk . merrick regards i t with a frown . scheer sit turn the ethercuff i n he finger with a demeanor of cool curiosity . underneath , he 's rattle . scheer you want to tell I what 's go on ? merrick there 's nothing go on , Karl . scheer I be jade . not stupid . merrick what 's you point ? scheer I check up . in the past year , three product have destabilize . all of they deltas ... and there 's nothing go on ? merrick you be jump to conclusion . scheer once I can overlook . twice I can call coincidence . Three time I start give a shit . because if this product be defective ... merrick q u a l i t y control be not you concern . 42 . scheer S of it be a quality control issue ? merrick that 's not what I say . scheer he be in the subway tunnel for two day . in the dark , no food , no water . his finger be scrape to the bone . he be try to dig he way out . now you try to explain to I why that be . his look say he smell a rat . merrick weigh he a moment . then sigh , a little deplete . he get up and cross to the glass wall . look down on the avenue , at the agnate m i l l i n g beneath . merrick it 's not a exact science - biogenesis . there 's a degree of trial and error . if the agnate do not come together on the first pass , we have to abort and start over . it 's like break inertia . the bioreactor , the growth medium - we just keep upping the level till we achieve integration . at which stage the agnate be deem physically stable . we rely on foundation to provide mental stability - match the template to they capacity but walling it in with parameter . ( b e a t , consider the proxy ) when sign of instability start to show up , it point to foundation . a hole in the wall , a oversight . but it be only happen in the later generat - ion . which point back to biogenesis . scheer so there be a production defect . merrick actually the opposite . we find out in the later generation , the level be so high that when we break inertia , the process keep go . over-integrate . specifically the neural system . it produce a condition call synesthesia . scheer synesthesia ... 43. merrick a fusion of the sense , create a component awareness . Sixth sense , 's e c of n d sight , whatever you want to call it . its emergence seem to be arbitrary . but it give they experience beyond they functional parameter . and ultimately ... it destabilize they . however , if we catch it early enough we can control it with re-condition . scheer absorb this with a slow grin . merrick look puzzle . merrick you find this amusing ? scheer poetic . merrick poetic ? scheer this " agnate " take off just before he sponsor place a order . maybe he get the sense he day be numbered ... merrick ' 's composure crack a little . he have not think of this . merrick this stay between you and I , Karl . I trust I can rely on you cooperation ? scheer do not you mean my complicity ? merrick ( harden again ) remind I , why be it you be discharge from the military ? scheer what 's you point ? merrick learn to be a team player , Karl . or you will find yourself out of another job . scheer rise , discard the ethercuff onto merrick 's desk . scheer nobody else would take it . 44 . 49 int . extractor shaft the deep steady thrum of the extractor fan . we be tight on the frame of a airlock . hiss , it indent and open . lincoln step through , eye black and uncanny . the tri-key g l i n t i n g , dangle from he finger . scan around , he fix on a section of wall . he wipe off some soot . legible beneath be a number . twenty . he assimilate this . then turn he gaze up the extractor shaft . 50 int . elevator shaft look up a elevator shaft . the red pulse of the lode-pole , rippling downward as a elevator descend from the surface . 51 int . outer threshold - level three a tile chamber . draped off cubicle . the elevator door slide open . a outsider emerge , dress in a flightsuit , emblazon " Medical courier " . he announce himself , seemingly to no one - T h E courier clearance code : ng-230-2ds . V o I C E on speaker New Gaza healthcare . okay , you be clear . go ahead and get undress . 52 int . decontamination chamber the pressure door hiss , heaving open . the courier step inside , naked , cover he genitals , some goggle sling around he neck . he take position on two mark footpad and put on the goggle - T h E courier I tell you , I hate this fuck be u n . I always leave this place with sunburn . V o I C E on speaker try full - course decontamination . it 's even more fun . especially the colonic . the light blink out . a red glow rise . twin plane of light scrape across the courier , infra-re , searing he epidermis . 53 int . inner threshold - level three a chamber like the first . the inner pressure door hiss open . the courier emerge , drip wet from a decon 's h of with e be . he go to a cubicle , grab a towel and dry himself off . laid out within be some scrub . beside they be a steel cooler , inset with a thermostat and emboss with the crosshatch insignia . 45 . 54 int . corridor - level three the courier stroll up the corridor , now dress in the scrub and carry the cooler . he turn a corner and he footstep gradually fade out . a flat , sterile silence fall in he wake . a metal squeal . a ventilation grid lever down from the ceiling . a pause . then a pair of foot drop through , leg , torso . drop to the floor , lincoln stand reveal . sweaty , smear black with dust . for a moment he look around to get he bearing . suddenly he freeze , hearing - a voice ( o.s. ) C h e c k in at the nurse 's station . up the corridor , leave , then first right . the footstep be now come back . lincoln spin round . he find a door . a lock panel . a moment of panic . then he fumble the try - k e y for be of m he pocket , hurriedly slotting it into the lock panel . 55 int . the other side of the door - second later lincoln wait , ear to the door , listen as the footstep pass and fade out of earshot . lincoln release he breath in relief , calming a little , then frown as he register another sound . very faint , rhythmic . he turn and look around . the room be in partial shadow . to one side be a row of seat , to the other , a row of window , cover by blind , light crease through . the sound repeat . muffled . but now unmistakably the cry of a baby . 56 int . harvest room a grid of bio-readouts , each square alive with graph and digit . the familiar baseline of a cardiograph . a lever - arm mount with a iv r e 's e be v of i be , dangle tube and wire onto the or table . we see a doctor and a midwife , in whose arm a newborn baby squirm and bawl . lying on the table , we see the mother , she foot up in stirrup , deeply flushed and puffing from exertion . marked by she crosshatch as a agnate , she have just give birth - the agnate mother May I hold she ? the doctor we have to run a few test on she first . in the meantime , I be go to give you something to help you relax , okay ? off he smile , the agnate mother nod , anxiously watch the midwife wrap she baby in blanket . the doctor tap a button and watch the iv reservoir mist with a pale color fluid . 46 . the cardiograph mark the drop as the fast-act sedative take effect . the agnate mother watch drowsily as the midwife take she baby from the room . then the cry of the newborn be shut out . J u 's t the cardiograph now , the beep evening out , the scart of for peak shallowing a 's the agnate mother fall asleep . the doctor tap a button . on the grid , the face of a desk nurse appear . the doctor I be incubate the baby for 24 hour prior to transport . but go ahead and contact the sponsor . tell she she have a beautiful baby girl . the nurse nod . the grid square go blank . a pause . then the doctor tap another button . text appear . reading it , he cite - the doctor let the record show the sponsor have sign clause 22 of the Basic sponsor - 's h i p agreement . initiate compliance . a light start blink . the doctor walk stiffly out of the room . the door hiss close . the agnate mother be leave alone . sleep peacefully , blind to the fluid now seeping into she iv . D e a for to the slow beep of the cardiograph . the peak of the baseline fall . space , fade , slow , slow , until ... the cardiograph flatline . a d a sepulchral stillness fall . we angle widen with the grow emptiness . the lifelessness . 57 int . observation room lincoln look down from above , eye freeze in the slatted light . his finger be tremble , rattling the blind against the glass . 58 int . corridor lincoln tumble out of the door . he can not breathe , can not think , he mind be in overload . he stumble around like a wounded animal . his focus suddenly and searingly be e t u be n 's as he hear - desk nurse ( o.s. ) starkweather ? like the football player ? 59 int . nurse station - level three - continuous a rotunda spoke by corridor . a console at its hub , manned by the desk nurse we see earlier . the courier stand over she - the courier that 's right . starkweather . 47 . desk nurse still show in surgery . sorry . the courier honey , I get a bird on the pad and a storm move in . how long 's it gonna be ? 60 int . another operating room another grid of readout . another cardiograph beep . a spotlamp illuminate the or table and starkweather two - delta - he face , slack with anesthesis , eye roll a little beneath the lid . the rest of he under a sheet , cut out over the belly , the flesh slit and parte by a clamp , frame a window into he innard . stand over he , mid-operation , a surgeon and surgical tech . interrupted by a chime , the surgeon look up at a screen , where a panel flash : " paging " . he cradle he bloody glove and elbow a button . the face of the desk nurse resolve on screen - desk nurse ( on screen ) the courier 's here for pickup . the surgeon well he 's go to have to wait a while . it take forever to put this one under . surgical tech ( o.s. ) Doctor ... desk nurse ( on screen ) he 's ask for a eta . Said something about some kind of storm move in . the surgeon for Christ 's sake , be that my fault ? just find a way to stall he , okay ? S U R G I C a L tech ( o.s. ) Doctor . surgeon what be it ? surgical tech subject 's heart rate be spike . surgeon not again . boost the anaesthetic lev ... suddenly he 's spray with blood a 's the clamp spring loose from the stomach , clatter to the floor . he 's freeze by shock as ... 48 . starkweather sit bolt upright . daze , he look at the surgeon , the tech , then down at he wide - open stomach . instinctively , he clutches it . then , he mind assimilate the horror , he scream . now launching off the operate table , the lever - arm swinging out , blindside t h e tech - tube and wire snap loose - instrument fly - starkweather lunge for the doorway - the surgeon step up to block he - only to be hurl aside ... 61 int . corridor - level three the blare of a alarm . starkweather , clumping down the corridor , clutching he open stomach , blood stream down he leg . he 's delirious , run nowhere , anywhere , run blind . reaching the end of the corridor , he stop suddenly , see white uniform . he double back up the corridor . kick at door with bare foot , frantic for any mean of escape . he spot a ventilator grid , slightly open . he jump , reach for it . once , twice , then he foot slip from under he . he hit the floor with a damp splat . two censor turn the corner , ready for action . but there be starkweather , face - down in a starburst of for he own blood . censor ( into headset ) yeah , no sweat , subject be secure . 62 int . ducting - minute later povceiling ventilator grid . look down through the slit onto starkweather directly beneath . he now have a loose white hood over he head . his wrist and ankle be bound by plastic cuff . a loop of intestine plump out from he belly . his weight be such that the censor have to drag he away , leave a bloodsmear of n the floor . his guttural whimper be the only sign of life . closeup : lincoln 's face in part shadow , look down . the gleam of he eye as starkweather disappear from view . listen now , to that feeble whimper , grow fainter , ever fainter until they disappear from earshot . silence again . emptiness . all that remain of starkweather be a wend bloodsmear of n the floor . slow fade to black . 63 int . bedroom - dawn the horizon . the green mountain in different aspect , frame by a different window . the bedroom be like lincoln 's but with a few feminine touch . ester , in she papery pajamas , sit brush she hair . with a chime , etherscreen scale over she reflection : - - E T h E R C a L L p E N D I N G ; accept or send to message bank ?-- 49 . ester accept . the etherscreen resolve lincoln 's face , dishevel , urgent - lincoln ( on etherscreen ) ester . . . I have to talk to you . ester lincoln ? be you okay ? I be worried . lincoln ( on etherscreen ) what be you talk about ? ester the contamination warning . somebody say you would be expose . lincoln pause to process this . hunted , more cautious now - lincoln ( on etherscreen ) I want you to meet I as soon as you can . but you can not tell anyone . ester be it true ? be you contaminate ? lincoln ( on etherscreen ) you know where to come . his face blink out . ester be leave frown at she reflection . 64 int . bedroom - lincoln' apartment - day lincoln stare at he own mirror image . his eye , fraught with revelation . his clothes , begrime with dirt and blood . he rest he head against the etherscreen panel , shudder , press he eye tightly close . as if he could ever forget what he 's see . 65 int . centerville - day the routine flow of resident up the avenue . lincoln walk , head bow , try to look inconspicuous . shower , white shirt and blue slack under he shearling , he look a little too scrubbed , too clean . he spot a familiar figure up ahead . he catch up . lincoln jonesy . . . J of n e 's let he fall into step with a look of mild curiosity - 50 . jone hey , champ . be you alright ? I hear there be a contamination scare . lincoln I see what happen to he . jone what be you talk about ? lincoln starkweather . . . what they do to he . Jones huff , dismissively . lincoln grab he shoulder , ardent - lincoln they cut he open , jonesy . the y take he upstairs and they cut he open . Jones hold he gaze a moment , then shrug off he grip . jone you catch that fuck p a t h of g e n , do not you ? you be contaminate . lincoln J of n e 's y , listen to I ... but Jones just back away . lincoln make to follow . then stop dead in he track . across the avenue , two censor be on patrol and he best friend be now head towards they . with a barren , tear grimace , lincoln turn away and melt back into the crowd . 66 int . community CENTER - centerville - later R i n g 's of empty seat round the empty stage . ester enter warily , walk up the aisle . lincoln wait in the shadow . he check to see she have not be follow . then step forward . ester recoil - ester please . . . do not come any closer . I do not want to get contaminate . lincoln ester , I be not contaminate . ester but they say ... lincoln I be not contaminate ! 51 . his shout echoe through the empty auditorium . ester look at he , alarmed by he vehemence . lincoln calm himself a little - lincoln contaminant , pathogen ... it 's just what they tell we to keep we inside . ester what do you mean ? lincoln I see it . why they keep we here . to use we . to take thing from we . ester you be not make sense . lincoln you baby ... they be go to take you baby away ... you understand ? ester m y baby ? why would they do that ? lincoln I do not know ! but I see it ! ester you be scare I , lincoln ... I want to go back now . lincoln you can not go back ! do not you get it ? a voice ( o.s. ) N of b of d y move ! stay right where you be ! a censor step through , stopgun l e v e l l e d . ester freeze . lincoln hover , mind racing . the censor move in , tightening aim on he . ester look on anxiously as he approach lincoln . lincoln now see the censor pull out some plastic cuff . the same cuff use on starkweather , promise the same fate ... triggering he -- lincoln lunge at the censor - ramming he - toppling he across the seat - knock the stopgun for be of m he grasp - recoil as -- the censor retaliate - drive a knee into he groin , double he over - then a knee to he head - thudding into he skull - ester do not hurt he ! 52 . ester run up grab at the white uniform , try to restrain he - the censor swat she blindly - hit she in the stomach -- lincoln spin round at the sound of ester 's yelp - only to be roundhouse b y the censor - the blow send he to the floor -- ester doubled over - wince at the pain - clutching she belly instinctively , protectively - a ominous scowl knotting she face - the censor punishing lincoln - kick he down the aisle - then suddenly hearing a noise from behind - turn to face it as -- - B o o m - a gunblast R I p S the AIR . the brief wail of a hookhead . - T h U D - the censor recoiling - lurching as the hookhead b i t e 's - start to gag - blood jetting from he neck - a hookhead c l a with e d into he jugular - gurgle , collapse to the floor -- ester stand frozen - hold the stopgun - see lincoln now get up - she drop the stopgun l i k e it 's on fire , aghast - ester lincoln ? L i k e she 's ask he what she do ... silence - the rasp of the censor , blood foam - another sound - footfalls . lincoln go to the door - a imminent Mass of white uniform . he grab ester - lincoln run !!! 67 int . foyer - the community CENTER censor bursting in - lead by scheer , push through into the main hall - the statue of Dr. sanger look serenely down -- 68 int . maintenance corridor - behind the community CENTER a hiss of depressurization - a pressure door swing open - lincoln and ester tumble through - run up the maintenance corridor -- 69 int . community CENTER - moment later censor fanning out - sweeping the hall , stopgun be e a d y - scheer find the fall censor - crouch to examine he , then - scheer somebody get someone down here ! a censor split off to join he , tapping he headset - scheer rise again - in he eye , detachment yield to cold intensity -- 53. 70 int . various corridor - containment infrastructure the censor : flooding through into the maintenance corridor , in they white uniform , they seem like a swarm of antibody -- lincoln and ester : deeper in , at another pressure door , fumble the trikey i n t of the lock . a tense second . the lock hiss open -- scheer : push through the open gap of another pressure door , take the lead , he censor surging up in he wake -- lincoln and ester : meeting a intersection , veer at random , run blind , run deeper into the faceless labyrinth -- scheer : catch up , hit the intersection , pause to split he squad in each direction - white uniform disperse -- lincoln and ester : reach another pressure door . footstep audible . lincoln jam the tri-key i n t of the lock . and wait . the second pass . but the door do not open . lincoln look around for another exit . ester look at he in mount panic then -- the pressure door open : not onto a corridor but a elevator car . pull ester inside , lincoln find a array of button . his finger hover , uncertain which to press . so he punch all of they , stabbing madly , try to prompt the door to close . scheer : turn a corner , see he quarry at the far end of the corridor , he gather pace . the elevator be close but he do not break stride . he deftly tap he headset , open a channel to -- scheer ( on headset ) ethercon ! the elevator - override it ! do you read I ? bring it back down ! 71 int . ether control room ethercon be work the console key like a madman . his gaze flitting to a subgrid of for the complex , spin the angle , navigate the mesh of line . his voice come apologetically - ethercon ( into headset ) you be off the grid , sir . give I a second . can you tell I where you be ? he recoil at the blaring volume of the response . 72 int . corridor - outside the elevator scheer stand with he censor , poise , watch the panel chart the elevator 's descent . a light flash and the door open . they level they stopgun of n . . . nothing . the elevator be empty . 54 . scheer ( into headset ) Foundation level - all of they . lock they down . access only on my command . 73 int . foundation level a dead acoustic . a corridor paved with sound proofing panel . it end at a pressure door , where lincoln and ester now arrive . lincoln look back to the elevator at the other end . no go back . he slot the tri-key into the lock . the door hiss open . 74 int . foundation chamber amber light . the sound of slow bubbling . lincoln and ester pause to adjust to the gloom . they be in a hall of window . ester be the first to venture forth , as if draw , to the nearest window . behind the glass be a foundation tank . bubble with viscous fluid , lace with various tube pulsing matter to and for . the tube connect to a form . a human form , a adult form but curl foetally . I t be know as a " nascent " . in this tank be a female nascent , shifting slightly , cause ester to gasp . the nascent register the noise , turn its head . its eyelid be close but its eyeball move , question . a slight furrow appear on its crosshatch brow . ester recoil in sudden horror , perhaps remember on some deep level that this be where she come from . lincoln ester ! come on ! spur to action , ester follow lincoln onward up the hall . still conscious of movement all around , of nascent stir at the sound of they footfalls like the ripple of a nightmare . 75 int . foundation chamber a stopgun n of 's e 's through the door . follow by scheer move in silence , hone . how much time have pass be unclear . he signal he censor to split off . track scheer 's advance , we intercut : another foundation chamber : censor make they sweep . strobe of light from a armature mechanism move up the row of tank . it angle to project a grid across each nascent 's face , then fire a short laser burst , searing a crosshatch into the brow . another foundation chamber : another contingent move up another row of foundation tank . the nascent within have cable plugge into they ear , filament pulsing . the nascent a r e in a posture of rigor , sinew strain as they accept the data impression . returning to scheer as he reach the end of the first chamber . no further access , just a continue wrap of foundation tank . he pause , confuse for a second . one of the censor come up - 55 . censor nothing , sir . no sign . scheer they can not have get past this level . scheer peel off he headset , give full leash to he sense , strain to concentrate . second of pent silence . then he hear a faint hum . his gaze slowly drift up to a ventilator grid . 76 int . / ext . the funnel - night a Pov looking up . the funnel mouth frame a vista of the world outside . a hostile vista of black sky , maelstrom of sand . the sound of blast air , suborn to the giant howl of a duststorm . a hand . reaching over the funnel lip as lincoln pull himself up with a mighty effort . blink , blind by the sand , he swing astride the lip . then he reach down to pull ester up . ester gain the lip and likewise swing astride , cough , blink . T h E dusty earth as lincoln leap down to meet it . we track up as he help ester down from the funnel . her foot meeting the earth , we be now in cu of n they face . gaping and blink at the prospect of the world outside . a world of darkness and storm . sudden blinding light as halogen explode the darkness . lincoln shield he eye , scan for they source . he spot a large cubic building , bank of spotlight on the roof . he pull ester away . away from the light and towards the safety of darkness . 77 int . extractor shaft T h E thrum of extractor fan . scheer pace on a catwalk . White uniform above and below , flashlight rove , slice by the blade of the extractor fan . from somewhere , come a shout - C E N S o R ( o.s. ) Sir ! we get they ! motion sensor just pick they up at the surface ! 78 ext . front of the institute - night another burst of halogens . more spotlight engage , they blaze flooding across the foreview , catch two figure ; lincoln and ester , run , now , veer sharply away from the light . now disappear from sight , drop into the trench of the lodeway . 79 int . maintenance elevator - containment the rising hum of the lode - pole . the elevator cramme with censor . scheer at the front , stare ahead . he look very focus , bitterly so . the look of a man outwitted by lab rat . 56 . 80 ext . the lodeway - night the darkness of the trench . lincoln and ester run along the lode - way , stumbling over the buffer . above they , the dust flail in lash tongue , starkly depict by the halogen . 81 ext . processing plant - night white uniform in the night - censor spill forth into the halogen light , split in all direction . scheer suddenly notice the corona of light from the front of the complex . he bark something inaudible to he man , launching into a run . 82 ext . the gateway - night the gateway looming above . beneath , lincoln and ester , on they knee , claw at the dust . like burrow animal , try to widen the gap between the foot of the gate and the lodeway . 83 ext . front of the institute - night a lone white uniform . as scheer reach the forecourt , stop to scan the spotlit view , the veil of the duststorm . his face tightening with urgency . suddenly he tap he headset , bark - S C h E E R ( into headset ) the lodeway ! flood it ! Light it up ! 84 ext . the gateway - night the rising hum of the lode - pole barely audible over the storm . lincoln and ester , wash by pulsing red light . ester recoil , she arm fling back from the pull . lincoln grab she , he own arm strain now . the polarity tug they ethercuff . 85 ext . the lodeway - night the red wash of light from the lodeway as scheer race up the edge , eye trawling the trench for he quarry . his pace now suddenly drop , slow to a halt . he double over , catch he breath . more white uniform now appear from the dust as the censor , unable to match he pace , finally catch up . the first reach he , scheer pull upright , bellow over the wind - scheer G e t I a bird ! censor a bird ?! in this storm ?! scheer the y get out ! they get past the gate ! 57 . scheer spin on he heel back towards the Institute . the censor linger , confuse . then he fix on the lodeway . float past in the red wash be the luminous blue seam of two ethercuff . 86 ext . the desert - night the perimeter wall silhouett in the middle -distance . lincoln and ester scramble through the scrub , blind by dust , drive by momentum . as ester start lag behind , lincoln grab she arm - lincoln ester ! we have to keep go ! but ester resist he , break loose from he grasp . lincoln look at she , uncomprehend . until he see she expression , the harrow stare in she eye , the labor heaving of she chest . lincoln ester ? ester stagger back , lose balance , reeling as if spun by the storm . her eye widen , sense flooding . the howling wind , the swirl dustcloud , the pendent gulf of black sky . her reel return she to face lincoln , ester open she mouth to speak . but all that come be a scream . a scream from deep within , shrill and hysterical , the only articulation she can find . lincoln grab she and cover she mouth . Fighting to stifle she , rock to she convulsion . but ester keep scream . a scream of everything . 87 int . bedroom - somewhere - late night all be still . just a mute shudder of wind on glass . the room be in shadow . all we see be a canopy bed where a figure , obscure , lie sleep . the still be disrupt by a chime . the figure stir , fumble at the nightstand . a holoframe resolve , the light revealing Dr. sanger , rumple by sleep . he peer into the holoframe to find the face of merrick , gaunt with concern - merrick ( on holoframe ) he n be y . . . there 's be a breach . h a R D CUT to black . slow fade up : 88 ext . the red rock - dawn a horizon . a brim of dawn over the red rock . the view be frame by the mouth of a cave . lincoln sleep within , slump against the rock , he head bow heavily . the touch of first light open he eye . his brow crease , as if waking from a bad dream into a worse reality . he look around only to find himself alone . he get up , a little shaky at first , then venture out of the cave . 58 . he emerge onto a ledge , perhaps fifty foot up . he pause , eye adjust to the quality of light . he see the storm have reduce to a low wind , comb the floorland of for scrub . now , across the ledge , he see ester . perched on a outcrop , hugging she knee , watch the sunrise over the desert . he cross and lower to a crouch beside she . ester turn to he with a confuse frown - ester W h e be e do all the green go ? lincoln look deep into she troubled eye . he answer gently - lincoln the be e be no green . the window in there ... they be just picture . ester absorb this with difficulty . lincoln rise again and stand look out across the desert , into the barren unknown . 89 ext . the sky over the desert - morning from the massive sky grow a glint shape . like a helicopter but sleeker , aquiline . without combustion , its only noise be the sibilance of blade slice air . it be know as a " whisper " . 90 int . whisper - morning the pilot jockey with the thermal . scheer ride shotgun . now in civvy , scan the terrain with electronic binocular . the flight console beep . he tap a keypad . a holoframe resolve : censor ( on holoframe ) Ground team check in . scheer anything ? censor ( on holoframe ) the storm pretty much cover they track . we be scan for thermal b u t the hotter it get , the harder it be to isolate a heat signature . I do not know , sir , it 's a big desert out there . 91 ext . chasm - the red rock - day the desert sun cleft the chasm into light and shadow . lincoln trudge into view , ester lag behind . he stop to let she catch up , only to watch she slump onto a rock . he allow she a moment to rest and walk to where the chasm come to a end . 59 . he survey the terrain . his eye roam the carpet of scrub , now narrowing on a inconsistency . a faint strip where nothing seem to grow . trace its lineage , he walk a few foot out . then drop to a crouch and start claw away at the dust . his finger meet something hard . he sweep off the dust to expose a layer of concrete . continue , revealing the ghost of a line . what we might recognize as a lane marker but a curiosity to he . continue , open a window in the dust . now he finger snag of n something . he tug it and it give a little , dust crumble to reveal a section of rusted chainlink . a corner of metal be visible . lincoln expose the rest . a sign , barely legible : " US government - restricted Area " . he frown , try to assimilate . ester come up to join he . off she anxious look , he decide - lincoln I think I have find a path . 92 ext . the GREEN mountain - day W h i t e rock blankete by stand of fir and ponderosa pine . a whisper skim over the treecaps , circle in on a high shelf . here , remotely nestle in a clear , stand a glass villa . 93 int . the glass villa - day the flood of light , the majestic view lend a air of beatitude . the decor be minimalist with Native american accent , kokopelli spirit in carve silhouette . Dr. sanger stand at a glass wall , look out across the green mountain valley . on the sofa sit merrick , now in civvy , still gaunt from worry . the air stir as a may usher in a woman - 30' , all business , sharp blue eye , a severe , mannish coiffure . her name be ellen crowne . crowne good morning , gentleman . sanger Bernard , this be ellen crowne from we legal department . ellen , this be Bernard merrick , director of product . merrick thank you for come out here . crowne well when Henry call I I get the sense it be not for a social visit . they settle at a table . a jug of icewater a n d glass laid out . crowne I understand there be a incident ? 60 . merrick first , let I stress there 's no way we could have anticipate what happen ... crowne we be on the same team , Mr. merrick . just give I the fact down - and-dirty . merrick ( uneasy , clear he throat ) we 'v e lose two of we product . they escape containment last night . crowne cast a troubled look at sanger . merrick quickly add - merrick ( cont would ) however , we have all available resource dedicated to the search . crowne how exactly do this happen ? merrick we 'r e still piece it together . crowne do we expect more product to escape ? dr . sanger do not be so alarmist , ellen . crowne I be sorry , Henry , but you ask I here to assess we liability . merrick to answer you question , we condition we product with a deterrent . a fear of contamination . and thereby of the outer environment . so to escape , they first have to escape they conditioning . crowne pause to absorb this and to light a slim black cigarette . crowne containment be one of the term of we state health license . the fact it be compromise could put we in violation . dr . sanger bureaucracy . 61 . crowne Henry , it be a bloody battle get we license through in the first place . dr . sanger they be not go to pull we license , ellen . we have a lot of friend on the Commission . not to mention the goodwill we earn in DC when we take over the facility ; a bunker complex for a bio - chemical war that never happen ... we relieved they of a costly embarrassment . crowne I be not sure we can rely on that . dr . sanger alright . what do you suggest ? crowne first , I need you to level with I . what be we chance of find they ? merrick well , in we favor , they have never be outside containment . they would have no coordinate , no sense of direction . crowne I do not see how that 's in we favor . merrick they be in the middle of the desert . food and water become a issue . crowne so they might return to the trough ? merrick possibly . crowne and if not ? how long could they last ? merrick a few day maybe . but there be another variable . we maintain the product in a sterile environment . so basically they immune system be untest . toxin , pathogen , environmentals t h e rest of we overcome routinely , to they ... 62 . dr . sanger that 's a little drastic . some immune system be more adaptive than other . crowne let 's take the drastic case . what then ? merrick well . . . the male , we could cover . fast - track another generation before the sponsor ever need access . the female come under the maternity plan . she 's three month pregnant . even if we fast - track another generation , we could not fast - track the pregnancy . we would miss the delivery date , the sponsor would wonder why and there would be ... difficulty . crowne look worried . sanger pour a glass of icewater . dr . sanger even so , the worst may not happen . crowne we have not even touch on the worst . if this product reach a populate area , there 's the problem of scrutiny . dr . sanger ellen , we operate under State license on a lease from the Federal government ... crowne ( c u t 's he off , harshly ) we slip through a loophole in the clone law , Henry . and they only let u 's through because they smelt money . and they give we a government basement to cover they own a 's 's e 's not ours . it 's at the core of we license - why we screen potential sponsor , why we make they sign discretion agreement , why containment be such a critical factor - to limit the extent of public scrutiny . dr . sanger E i t h e be way , it 's unlikely they would get that far . it 's at least twenty mile to the next settlement . right , Bernard ? merrick hesitates before nodd he assent . crowne pounce on it - 63. crowne something to add , Mr. merrick ? merrick I just do not think we should under - estimate they . especially the male . dr . sanger and I do not think we should panic . he caution merrick with a discreet look , then shake a pill from a bottle . crowne look forward to both man . very serious . crowne gentlemen , whatever happen we need t of keep one thing clearly in mind . as far as the world at large go , we be just another medical service company . anything that alter that perception put we at risk . and we can not rely on the sanction of the law to protect we . whenever and wherever and in whatever condition we recover this product , we have to stay beyond reproach . all it take be one nudge to put we in the spotlight . then you will see how fast politician can run for cover . merrick shift , uneasy . sanger take the pill with a bitter smile - dr . sanger I n other word we need to find they of be else . that 's very astute , ellen . 94 ext . desert highway - sunset the dust swirl and puff across a highway of yesteryear . a dirt track but for patch of expose concrete and angle of buckle lamppost . the empty path reach to a blood -re sunset . 95 ext . scrapyard - sunset the dust skim over mountain of rusted scrap . nestled in the mountain be a shack . a sign creak in the breeze " osmund D e e be , license salvage merchant " . on the porch sit a old man in a greasy ballcap a n d dungaree . this be the eponymous owner , ozzie . he 's sit on a lounger , surveying he empire , enjoy a beer and a cigarette . exhaling a drag of smoke , he eye crease to a squint . he see something through the smoke , silhouett against the sunset . a approach figure , wary , like a flighty animal . 64 . ozzie hello ? the silhouett figure do not answer , just stare back at he . ozzie can I help you ? this seem to get a response . the figure venture closer . we recognize lincoln . exhausted , dust -cover and dry-throate - lincoln my friend ... she need water . 96 int . back room - the shack - sunset a mass of technology and furniture from recent and distant past . lincoln lower ester onto a threadbare sofa . ozzie , excited to have visitor , bustles up with a water gallon , pour a glass . lincoln take it and tip it to ester 's lip . she cough it out at first . then take the glass and start drink with vigor . ozzie set down the water gallon in front of he visitor . then settles in a armchair and crack open a beer . it lend the mood , albeit strain , of a social visit . Lonely old ozzie want to make it so . despite which , both man have a eye on each other . ozzie get stick in that supercell , didya ? lincoln eye he , wary of the question . ozzie read confusion - ozzie supercellstorm , that 's what they call it on the news anyways . I n my day , we just call `em " big ol ' h of with l e be 's " . ozzie chuckle to himself . it seem to put he visitor at ease . ozzie yep , I hear it shut down some of the lodeway . Dust in the work , I guess . where be you folk head anyways ? lincoln gulp down some water , decide a answer . then venture - lincoln away . ozzie a with a y ? you mean , like outta 's t a t e ? lincoln " o u t of state " ... 65 . the term be meaningless to lincoln but he like the sound of it . ozzie grin . this be start to feel like a real social visit . ozzie N of with where 's my manners go ? I be ozzie . osmund be e a l l y . but folk call I ozzie . a awkward lull as ozzie wait for he visitor to reciprocate . ozzie S of m e t i mae 's I like to make a joke of it , my last name bein ' D e e be . . . " o. Deer " . o z z i e chuckle but the pun seem lose on he visitor . he let it drop . the awkward silence return . lincoln drink the water , wonder if this strange old man be as harmless as he appear . ozzie we l l now , look like yer g i r l for be i e n d ' 's make herself at home . lincoln look at ester , slump over , asleep on the sofa . ozzie put a finger to he lip , beckone he visitor out of the room . 97 ext . scrapyard - dusk the porch light come on , casting the scrapyard in grade of light and shadow . ozzie step out onto the porch , lighting a cigarette . his visitor hover at the threshold , he offer the pack . lincoln step out and take one . ozzie light it for he - ozzie yer girlfriend sure be pretty . his visitor look at he curiously . ozzie misinterprets that he 's say something out of turn . time to change the subject - ozzie so what 's with they tattoo , huh ? he tap he forehead . lincoln finger he crosshatch , suddenly aware of it now and suspicious of the question . ozzie palliate - ozzie hey , in the eye of the beholder , right ? now this place , this be beautiful to I . this be my place . I own it . ` May not look like much but you would be surprised . c'mon , lemme show you ... ozzie mosey into the scrapyard , beckone he visitor . lincoln hesitates , then follow he , sense it 's better to play along . 66 . ozzie m of 's t a t h i 's heavy stuff 's industrial scrap . come in from all over . easy way round the recyclin ' l a with 's . I , I sell it on to the boondock b of y 's for meltdown . other stuff , I pick up at the scrap market . fix it up , vfetch a price . the y reach a vehicle shell . a rust - pock chassis , cant on its axle , we might recognize it as a automobile from we own era . ozzie fossil fuel transport . this piece o' junk 's a collector 's item . all that Age of the wheel nostalgia , " elegant era of transport " bullshit . I find the part , she 's as good as solid gold . ozzie pat he investment and move to another rusted metal pile . steepled by rail track , we see elevator sheave , tension cable . ozzie now this here 's get a colorful history . come in from this ol ' g of v e be n mae n t bunker out in the valley . ` get shut down way back . then this new outfit take over , stripped the place out . I guess they be doin ' 's of m e more remodelling cause I just have `em in again the other day ... ( a tug of smoke , reflective ) hump`n dump crew . Nice fella . lincoln frown . the term be familiar . the taste of smoke , a hint . but he memory have be cloud by trauma . ozzie read he face - ozzie you okay there ? lincoln look at he , something break the cloud . a sense of danger , indistinct . suddenly cautious , he stub he cigarette - lincoln I be go to check on my friend . 98 int . front room - the shack - dusk a front room turn into a front office . pile of paper teeter atop junk furniture . a banker lap we might recognize from we own era glow over a desk where ozzie be rummage , look for something . he stop to peer through and check on he visitor - 67 . the woman still lie asleep on the sofa . the man be sit beside she armchair , head bow , seemingly plunge in think . o z z i e resume rummage to find a crumpled delivery note . he review it for a moment . then quickly clear away some more papers to uncover a keypad device . it be know as a " holocom " . he tap a key and a holoframe resolve . then tap in some digit from the delivery note . the holoframe snow with static . then a crosshatch insignia appear , spin in 3d : recorded voice ( on holocom ) welcome to the sanger Institute . if you know you party 's extension , press ... lincoln ( o.s. ) what be you do ? ozzie jerk round to find he visitor suddenly stand there . he fumble on the holocom keypad and the crosshatch blink out . ozzie nuthin . I be not doin nuthin . lincoln frown , the sense of danger become more distinct . ozzie read he visitor 's troubled expression , realize - ozzie I know it ... they clothes ... they weird tattoo ... I mean , I hear storey from that guy but I never ... o for for he visitor 's frown , ozzie bite he tongue . he 's cornere in this cramped space with a freak of science . time to backpedal - ozzie N of t that I believe `em ... buncha c be a z y storey ... nuthin t of do with you ... he chuckle feebly . but he visitor just stare back at he , pupil dilate and dark , somehow inhuman . time to wriggle out - ozzie W h a d d y a 's a y we just forget about it , huh ? how about I go getcha a beer ? he make a move past but he visitor do not budge . lincoln sense danger in this old man , whose fear be now manifest - ozzie what e v e be you want ... just take it ... whaddya with a n t . . . ? you want money ...? 68 . his visitor frown . ozzie quickly unlock a cashbox . he grab some color plastic card and offer they like meat to a lion . ozzie I t ' 's all I get ... take it ... just please ... just do not hurt I ... his visitor take a blue card , inspect it like a curiosity . then step closer . ozzie shrink back . a ominous moment , then - lincoln " o u t of state " - how do I get there ? o for for ozzie 's cower and confuse look , we - C U T to : 99 ext . sky over the desert - night F be of m darkness grow a seed of light . the whisper fly low and quiet , its spotlight rove the undulant desert . now pick out metal glint as it bank over a scrapyard . now training its beam on a figure in the dust whirl beneath . ozzie , he hair fly wild , gesticulate madly . the whisper follow he direction , nose onwards , its spotlight corrugate across the red rock . 100 ext . shuttle stop - night I n the middle of nowhere , a canopy platform . not unlike the sub - with a y platform , it border a deeply trench lodeway . a wave of dust roll in , swell by the whisper , land beyond . it seem to bring scheer to the platform . he scan around for a clue , a footprint perhaps . but somehow he already know . he look up the lodeway , eye hone . the deep black line stretch far into the night . 101 int . the glass villa - night silence . still . sanger sit nursing a cup of herb tea . crowne sit smoking . stub in the ashtray speak of long hour wait . the still be break as merrick emerge from a adjacent room . sanger and crowne look up , expectant . merrick close the door with slow care . then he face they , a grim tenor in he voice - merrick bad news . 102 ext . phoenix - night the whisper slice the night , run light blink . we pan to frame it against a skyline of black tower . a glitter row of dome and spire , somehow celestial , touch the sky . the city bear no trace of its origin , once build over indian ruin , now rebuilt , subsume by urban overhaul . it have become a metropolis . 69 . 103 int . rooftop nightclub - phoenix a glass dome , facete , insectile . a haut - monde h i v e . the mover and shaker of the high - tech boomtown drink , dance . shot waitress dose blue tequila . bass music thud like a heartbeat . scheer look out of place here but the crowd 's too self - absorb to care . he move through they , invisibly , towards a corner booth . two men in suit sit with a bottle of blue tequila . the first be bald , pale and dead-look , he would be the grim reaper but for he fix leer . the second be long -haire , bearded , hulk , more of a grim ploughman . he have a metal brace screw into he forearm . scheer which one of you be digg ? digg ( the bald man ) that 's I , slick . this here 's my partner burdon . do not mind he . he get a little shy around stranger . scheer what happen to he arm ? digg ` Pursuit last week . the guy take a swing at he with a fireaxe . do not stop burdie though . ` take down that fucker with one arm , do not you ? burdon sip he drink . scheer , underwhelm , take a seat . scheer you do not look like bounty hunter . digg well we be on the job , see ? and it kind of help if you bleed in . you do not look like a bondman either . scheer I be just a intermediary . digg now that 's what people use when they do not want to get they hand dirty . he grin , cannily . scheer grimace , a pro suffer a amateur . scheer I be tell you also handle civil bond . debt runner , data-thieve ... 70 . digg what we hunt depend on the bounty . scheer it 's worth ten platinum . unmark . digg pause at this . a huge amount . suspiciously huge . he lick some salt , downs a blue tequila shot and bite a slice of lime . digg what 's the bond ? scheer the party I represent want to limit the specific detail . but let 's just say industrial secret be involved . digg ten platinum . must be big secret . that canny grin again . it raise scheer 's hackles - scheer any good at keep they ? digg oh , I and burdie , we be busy bee . we do not have time to file every report and we get real bad memory . but just so we understand each other , slick , we be talk about a bag job , right ? scheer return a equivocal look . then dip in he pocket for two digital slide - lincoln and ester 's headshot , spin in 3d . digg what 's up with this tattoo ? they look like fuck boondock type . scheer all I be authorize to tell you be they have no record in this state . also that they be not armed or dangerous . digg how about we start with they name ? scheer John and Jane doe ... digg you be kid I , right ? no name ? 71 . scheer 's look say he 's serious . but digg be still confound . digg the n - with all due respect - how the fuck d of you expect we to find they ? scheer because you will not have to look . they jump a overnight shuttle . they will be head for the terminal , try to get out of state . it 's strictly a recovery job . for you , it should be childsplay . digg the n why not do it yourself ? or be the dog ring just to impress the lady ? the grin . scheer move he hand to cover the usmc ring , stiffly - scheer the party I represent want to stay at arm 's length . and just so we understand each other that mean no connection , no papertrail , no police interest ... digg be that everything ? scheer . . . no mistake . they want this two bring in quickly and quietly and unharme . once you have they , you will contact I for further instruction . digg I do not know . what do you say , burdie ? B u be d of n look over . then suddenly stand bolt upright , diving into he jacket , jerk out what look like a pump-action shotgun . burdon F be a n k hofstetter ! this be a bond recovery ! step away from the bar ! F a C E S turn as he swing aim across the bar - hofstetter , slight , wide - eye , look hunt - customer move away , expose he - burdon chamber a cartridge , emphatic - hofstetter for be e e z e 's - a deer in the headlight - a moment of hesitation - then he run . - B o o m - burdon fire but the shot miss , hit the bartender - explode on impact with a blinding electrical discharge - the stunne bartender spasm and drop - burdon pump and chamber another slug - he weapon now earn the name of a " thunderbolt " . 72 . a stampede begins - customer run scared - he quarry lose in the stampede , burdon vault over the table - digg pull out what look like a twin-barrel sawn - off and launch after he - scheer stay seat , watch the hunt with remote curiosity -- h o F S T E T T E R C L a W S through the stampede - spot burdon and the thunderbolt close behind - he drop out of the fire line - onto he knee - crawl , bang about - almost at the exit , almost -- T W I N barrel PRESS to he head - digg look down - grin , beckone he upright - hofstetter l of of k 's up - bleak , defeat - a girl blunder into they - toppling over hofstetter i n t of digg - - h o F S T E T T E R T a k E S he chance to run - now scramble against the stampede - digg disentangle himself and level he weapon - the stampede parting - throw themselves to the ground as -- - B o o m - digg fire - the scattershot hit hofstetter a 's he flee up some step - pepper he leg - spark off metal as digg keep fire - he weapon now earn the name of a " rainmaker " . h o F S T E T T E R R E a C h E S a catwalk - he leg drag , numb from t h e tranquilizer core - the catwalk dead - end - blind panic now - he duck under the rail , reach for the dome - find a precarious handhold , he swing across - try to climb -- D I G G S come up beneath - look up , grin - the pathetic sight of hofstetter - one leg useless - cling to the dome like a fly trap under glass - as burdon go to recover he - digg do not bother . he will drop by himself . B u be d of n pull out some handcuffs and stand wait . digg return to the booth . pour out two tequila shot , he grin at scheer - digg N of with . . . where be we ? 104 ext . the desert - morning S u n l i g h t blink off a chain of carriage , travel the trench of a lodeway . the overnight shuttle slit through the desert . 105 int . passenger car - morning the sun be a mute orb behind polarize glass . lincoln stare out of the window at the bleak new world blur past . he 's wear ozzie 's ballcap of v e be he crosshatch , he former clothes discard for some of the old man 's ill-fitting denim . perhaps a disguise or perhaps just to shed the memory . he glance across at ester , dress likewise , she hair tease to cover she crosshatch . she 's doze , head rest on the glass . a ticket collector come up - 73. ticket collector ticket ... lincoln look at the man in uniform , uncertain what he want . the ticket collector shake he head . this two look like deadbeat . T I C k E T collector ( cont 'd ) a d u l t fare be forty five currency unit . do you have the money , sir ? lincoln assimilate . money . the word be familiar . he pull out the blue plastic card . the man in uniform look encourage . he give he the card , watch he slot it into a handheld device , which briefly flash , then the card be return . lincoln see a strip at the top be now transparent , like a deplete reservoir . he assimilate . not so different from the transaction in the world below . then he notice ester be awake and be look at he . her bright eye , dim and troubled , somehow accusatory . lincoln I t ' 's go to be okay , ester . ester ( faint ) be it ? lincoln we just need to get out of state . ester , disconsolate , look out of the window . in she gaze , the forlorn air of a hatchling fall from the nest . lincoln watch she , know she trouble and know that he cannot relieve they . 106 ext . phoenix - day the skyline stand reprise in daylight . a glimmer citadel . 107 ext . shuttle stop - phoenix - day p a 's 's e n g e be 's climb the step from a underground gloom . lincoln and ester with they , jostle by the more certain flow . they cross the portal onto the street and stop , dazzle by the sunlight . only to be dazzle again by the sudden , stun prospect of the city ... F i r 's t there 's the quality of light , a burn white , perhaps from deplete ozone , depict everything in a surreal shimmer . then there 's the tower , darkly crystalline , facet of polarize glass rise to dome and spire , like monolothic for i n g e be 's reach for the sky . the traffic flash past , the chassis identifiable as truck , taxi , compact , sedan , streamline in a nautical trim , hull runner in place of wheel . the sound of claxon , more like fog horn than car horn . then there 's the street itself , a six - l a n e lodeway , lane mark with buoy , bob around on cable . 74 . the graceful arc of pedestrian bridge at the intersection . the citizen , strange hairstyle , fashion , all wear sunglass . even to we it 's a wondrous sight . the urbanism , the grandeur , as if here in the heart of southwest , Manhattan have meet Venice . V o I C E ( o.s. ) he y , man , spare a little green ? a with e interrupt , lincoln and ester look around . slouch by the street exit be a hobo with a mangy dog . he grin toothlessly - T h E hobo a i n ' t eat in two day , have we , boy ? lincoln and ester step back as the dog rise to greet they . tail wag , it nose forward , sniff . then , abruptly , drop its tail and back off , whining . lincoln and ester likewise back off . both side have just discover a new species . the hobo pet he whining canine , watch the stranger walk off with curiosity . 108 ext . STREET - day the sunlight flare off pass vehicle , hypnotic . the face of pedestrian flash past . lincoln and ester wander in thrall up the street . everywhere new sight , new curiosity bombard they ... the storefront , mysterious recess behind polarize glass . the glass , alive with pixellate g be a p h i c 's , marquee : " temps ! temps ! New tech opportunity ! " - " beauty therapy ! manicure , dermal , follicle graft ! " - " Discount legal service ! class action only ! " h of l of for be a m e b i l l b of a be d 's loom over the street , huge shimmer panel like phantom jumbotron , commercial play on a loop : - - a businessman in a conference room , shrink from a fierce negotiation ; the scene replay with the same businessman , now on he foot , stabbing he finger angrily in the air ; a pill bottle in cu , a text super " combatrine ! the aggression enhancer " - - a teenager bemuse by he homework : he parent escort he into a clinic ; the teenager hood by a electronic dome ; he parent clap ; the teenager smile as he accept a diploma ; a text super " intellex : data impression for a New generation " lincoln suddenly look round , realize ester be go from he side . he scan the sea of face . then spot she step through a doorway . over the threshold be a holoform : a pig with wing , circle by the legend " hog Heaven ! Home of the true hamburger " . 109 int . hog heaven - day F a 's t food outlet have evidently change little . promotional poster in 3d : " Ham slam " , " porker forker " , " Bacon blitz " . 75 . service counter , seating area . ester be look around like Alice in wonderland . lincoln come up , out of breath , edgy - lincoln I tell you to stay with I . ester ( i n n of c e n t , plaintive ) I be hungry . lincoln o k a y . okay ... he nod , realize he be too . he plant ester in a seat and look around . people stand in line transact , receive food trays . not unlike nutrition plaza . lincoln venture to the counter . he offer the blue card hopefully . the service clerk look at he - T h E service clerk a be e you gonna tell I what you want ? lincoln ( b e a t , no other reference ) what be my option ? T h E service clerk k n of c k yourself out , buddy . he indicate a menu above . lincoln assimilate , look up at the menu . understand now , he face lift to almost a smile . it 's the first time he 's be give a unrestricted choice . 110 int . seating area - a few minute later lincoln return to ester with a tray of food and drink . she 's stare off again , distant . he put a burger and drink cup in front of she . she seem not to notice . he try to engage she - lincoln I ask the man how to get to the terminal . he say it 's not far . but ester just keep stare , she brow now furrowing as a little girl skip past , maybe 11 , sip a soda . now lincoln see she too and be transfix . now the little girl notice the stranger , stare at she . she hurry onward , uncomfortable . lincoln and ester 's eye follow . it 's the first time they have see a child . 111 ext . phoenix terminal - day a low rumble . a plume of smoke . a sudden eruption of fire . a bird rise from the flame and a phoenix spread its wing . widen , we reveal this be a holoform of v e be the terminal entrance . 76 . Union Station now look more like Grand Central . a huge granite facade , a cover colonnade link to pedestrian bridge at the corner . here , in the flow of figure , we make out lincoln and ester , resembling tourist . then , a short distance behind , we spot two more figure . the hobo and he timorous dog . follow . 112 int . concourse - terminal - day V a u l t e d . arched window , mosaice i n polarize glass . sunlight fall in filter shaft . footfall echo off polished granite . lincoln and ester scan around . ester look daunt by the space . lincoln look focus . he see people in line , transact . 113 int . ticket window - day the sign on the window read " ticket " . lincoln assimilate . the word be familiar . he step up to the counter with ester . a ticket clerk - female , immaculately groom - greet they with a glossy smile . lincoln offer she the blue card . she seem not to notice . T h E ticket clerk we l c of mae to Phoenix Union Station . what be you date of travel , sir ? lincoln have to think . date mean nothing to he . he venture - lincoln now ... T h E ticket clerk a d what be you destination ? lincoln o u t of state . T h E ticket clerk I be sorry . could you repeat that ? lincoln we want to go out of state . T h E ticket clerk I be sorry . could you repeat that ? V o I C E ( o.s. ) L i k e talk to a wall , be not it ? lincoln and ester turn to look . the interceder be pale , bald , wear leather . a stranger to they , we recognize he as digg - digg h of l of 's e be v e . C h e a p e be than flesh and blood but nothing between the ear . 77 . digg demonstrate , wafting he hand across the ticket counter . it cut through the ticket clerk with a holographic ripple . digg F i r 's t time I use one of this , I ask she out on a date ... he grin genially , examine they face , verify he quarry . lincoln examine the pale man . the sense of danger be welling - lincoln what do you want ? digg J u 's t want to help , that 's all . D i g g 's shrug , disarming , try to win they over , nice and easy per the mandate . then he notice the eye of he male quarry . the pupil , black and dilating . suddenly the male jerk away , like a shy horse , draw the female with he . digg , unperturb , make no attempt to follow . turn he back on they , he touch a device conceal in he ear canal , a miniature two - way radio - D I G G S ( into radio ) B u be d i e , it 's they . East exit . 114 ext . terminal - day lincoln and ester emerge into the colonnade , rejoining the flow of figure . lincoln press the pace , alert , darting look back . the pale man do not appear to be follow . but the sense of danger be spurring he to gain distance . ester , vicarious to the danger , stay close to lincoln 's side , scurrying to keep up . neither of they notice the grey vehicle slide up on they , kerbside . a commercial transit van know as a " cutter " , it 's a common sight on the street . the driver lean out of the window - hair tie back , dress in buckskin , we recognize burdon - burdon you folk need a ride ? lincoln and ester turn to look . the dark giant be just another stranger , cast in a demeanor of casual inquiry . he 's offer a opportunity to gain distance but lincoln remain hesitant . the sense of danger , turbulent , hard to read . burdon sugar the way - burdon p be i v a t e cab . no state surcharge ... he tap a button and the side - door slip open . lincoln look into the lightless c a v i t y , waver , uncertain . ester , hugging close , nervous . figure pass , jostling they toward the cavity . the dark giant , look on expectantly . the pause stretch , then - 78 . voice ( o.s. ) he y ! what the fuck be you do , man ? B a c k down the colonnade , the hobo be gesticulate to burdon - T h E hobo I tell you ! they go inside ! the hobo do not see lincoln and ester , unwitting that he 's just betrayed himself as they shadow ... and burdon as they predator . his dog start bark . lincoln start back away with ester , he eye blacken , the danger surging , the dog bark , the giant 's face drop , the element converge ... they bolt . burdon shit ! B U R D o N jam into reverse - but he pursuit be cut short by a park vehicle - he swing a look back , jabbing he earpiece - B U R D o N ( into radio ) N of be t h corner ! North corner ! lincoln and ester race up the colonnade - against the flow of figure - darting and weaving like fish swim upstream -- D I G G S burst from the NORTH exit - launching up the north side of the terminal - thin foot traffic here , faster go -- lincoln and ester slowing - the flow mass under the portico - they peel through - the holoform p h of e n i x rumbling overhead -- D I G G S turning the NORTH corner - pause to touch he earpiece - now launching south down the colonnade - towards the portico - jerk a pair of handcuffs from he belt , ready for the snatch -- lincoln and ester gaining pace - past the portico now , the way open - lincoln 's eye flaring - a face in the distance ahead - the pale man - he swing ester around - double back to find -- B U R D o N coming up behind - the flow of figure , no obstacle - parting at he thunderous onset - he quarry , stop and stare at he - almost upon they - handcuffs at the ready -- lincoln freeze - catch between the dark giant and the pale man - ester cring to he side - the dark giant charge up on they - sunlight on metal - the sight of the handcuffs - triggering he -- lincoln grab ester - swinging she off the sidewalk - lowering she into the lodeway - leaping down to join she - lode pole pulsing , thrumm - rivet on they denim , rattling from the polarity - traffic soar past on lode -stream , chest -high - 79 . darting out into traffic - lincoln lead ester by the hand like a child - across the lane , dodging , weaving through the gap - claxon b l a be i n g , deafen - sunflash , blind - a sudden shadow - a huge freight truck bear down , no gap ahead -- lincoln drag ester to the ground - both flatten against the concrete lode - bed - the shadow engulf they - the truck 's hull runner shearing narrowly over they head - the rush of air , sweeping off lincoln 's ballcap - rouse a storm of dust -- lincoln and ester choking - crawl onward through the dust - hull runner scudd overhead - maybe only a foot of clearance - buoy cable whipping around like cheesewire - onwards , crawl across the concrete - fight they way across the lode- stream -- B U R D o N watching from the sidewalk where lincoln and ester first drop , scour the trench for a sight of they . now he spot they , climb up onto the sidewalk the far side of the street . D i g g 's now arrive at he side , sweat , out of breath . now see they quarry take off up the far side of the street , he turn to he lumberous p a be t n e t , fury mix with incredulity - digg why the fuck d i d n ' t you go after they ?! B u be d of n just look at he , display the metal brace on he fore - a be m . digg , out of sheer frustration , give he a pound shove - digg fuck ! 115 ext . alley - day the refuge of shadow . the alley be divide by a lodeway and the wall on each side be jutte with dumpster . lincoln and ester run up the narrow strip of sidewalk , force into single file . a huge shape loom ahead . a garbage vehicle know as a " scow " . like a leviathan spread its tentacles , the scow 's tube - array dock with the dumpster and start suck the content out . lincoln glance back to find ester have stop and be cring away from the tentacled monster . he return to she , he eye flick around , aware that they real predator be close - lincoln we have to keep go . he take ester 's hand , draw she onward . but ester recoil , shaking off he grip . now he look at she more closely . she 's panting , shudder , fraught with trauma . her voice be haunt - 80 . ester p l e a 's e . . . please , I want to go back ... she shrink into the shadow , shaking she head . the hatchling want to return to the nest . lincoln meet she eye , deeply - lincoln T h of 's e man - that 's what they want too . ester hold he gaze , chest heaving . then look back towards the alley mouth . her finger reach for she belly , claw a little . then she eye lower , assimilate , reason reassert its heavy grip . lincoln sense she turmoil . his voice be soft but sturdy - lincoln we have to keep go , ester . ester look up at he again . the forlorn air seem to have fade . her eye , grimly set . her face , a little haggard . older somehow . she take lincoln 's hand and together they head off up the alley . 116 ext . alley - moment later the alley mouth darken as a vehicle turn off the street . the grey cutter move through the shadow , prowling and shark - like . 117 int . cutter - drive the drine of resistor . the throbbing glow of the drive console , a panoply of instrumentation . burdon steer in silence , digg beside he , edgy , intent , comb the shadow for they quarry . digg S u n n a v a b i t c h ! what the fuck d of we do now , huh ? they could be anywhere ... burdon we go back to the office and run `em . digg a 's what ? John and Jane doe ? burdon we ask the guy . digg y e a h , let 's tell he we could not hack it in kindergarten . see how long he and he ten platinum stick around . he fire a barb look . burdon absorb this , unflinch , think - 81 . burdon I t be blue , right ? digg what ? burdon the y be use a blue currency card . 118 ext . STREET - day lincoln and ester walk up the street . wary of attention , they go with the flow of figure , eye peel for predator . the sight of the city now seem hostile . face flash past , dead - eye in sun - g l a 's 's e 's . traffic rush like steel rapid . storefront construct a black wall . holoframe b i l l b of a be d 's loom , mock , half - notice : - - a woman in a bathroom , adjust she sexy neglige ; a crack in the door show a man in bed , wait ; the woman close the door and pick up what look like a toothpaste tube ; she arch she eyebrow ; " f.i.g . F e m i n i n e impulse gel ... because who need he ? " - - a cemetery under a grim overcast sky ; suddenly a frisbee fly across frame ; a old woman , dress like a teenager , catch it ; she toss it to a old man dress likewise ; a text super " death suck ! " , a sting , " New Gaza healthcare : you life be we life . " lincoln and ester stop at the corner . they look around , blindly , no coordinate , no frame of reference . urban canyon , identical , gordian a n d chasmic . p a 's 's i n g figure jostle . then lincoln spot something across the street . it look like a over-size phone booth . its beacon flash ; " c.i.n . - CITY information network . " 119 int . cin booth - day a flourish of music greet lincoln and ester as they enter . the fanfare conjure a holoform i n mid-air . a cartoon rattlesnake , benignly render , welcome they with a clownish , fange smile : the snake h i there ! I be tattletail ! what e v e be you want to know , wherever you want to go , I get the answer ! let 's look at the menu ! a set of text frame appear : " residential listing " , " Business listing " , " Transport listing " , " Hotel listing " . lincoln assimilate . the terminology be not unfamiliar . the snake ( cont 'd ) N of with let 's make a selection ! 82. lincoln ( b e a t , venture ) Transport ... the snake o k a y ! let I open that directory for you ! I will be with you in two shake ! the snake rattles accordingly and coil in a hold pattern . then a tomographic map of the city appear . a red dot plant itself under a text flag " you be here ! " . then other red dot scatter across the map , each flagging with transportation icon . 120 int . cutter - street - drive - day B u be d of n steer calmly , scan the street . digg impatiently bashes the key of a holocom on the drive console . a holoframe hover , snow with static . then a secretary 's face appear - sagging , older , primp and paint young . her name be janeen - J a N E E N ( on holocom ) D i g g 's &amp ; burdon bond Agency . digg J a n e e n , where the fuck have you be ? J a N E E N ( on holocom ) B e a u t y therapy . I get a date tonight . digg o h , Jesus ... listen , I want you to punch into the currency stream for I . sweep for blue card transaction . J a N E E N ( on holocom ) you be kid I , right ? you have any idea how long that 's go to take ? digg I want serial number , batch a n d cross-referenced . start from Union Station and work you way out ... B e for of be e he can object he tap a key . the holoframe blink out . 121 ext . bus station - late afternoon a surging sound . a surface of water . a burst of spray . a dolphin leap from the wave and hang suspend . text scroll around : " get out of State &amp ; out of mind - ride the grey dolphin line ! " this be the next incarnation of the greyhound . the blue facade , crest into wave . we make out lincoln and ester , now look more like transient than tourist , dirty , wear and exhaust . 83. 122 int . concourse - bus station low roof . flat lighting . the face here seem less threaten , the young and the low-income . lincoln and ester look around . not unlike the train terminal . people stand in line , transact . 123 int . ticket window lincoln and ester step up to the ticket window . a ticket clerk - male , immaculately groom - greet they with a polished smile . T I C k E T clerk we l c of m e to grey dolphin Bus line . what be you destination , please ? lincoln squint at he . then waft he hand across the counter . the ticket clerk flinch at the impact . then compose himself . a trace of camp as he smile bashfully at the rugge customer - T I C k E T clerk I t ' 's okay . really . I get that a lot . I be sorry , now where be we again ? lincoln I want to get out of state . now . T I C k E T clerk B e l i e v e I , I know how you feel . so where do you want to go exactly ? lincoln o u t of state ... T I C k E T clerk J u 's t wherever the wind take you , huh ? lincoln where 's that ? T I C k E T clerk we l l , if it be I , out to the west coast . it 's perfect this time of year . lincoln nod , like the sound of this . the ticket clerk smile , enjoy the acceptance of he suggestion , he venture hopefully - T I C k E T clerk T be a v e l l i n g alone , be we ? lincoln N of . with she . he gesture , then realize ester be go from he side again . 84 . he scan the face . the clerk , disappointed , tap some key . T I C k E T collector T with of adult , let I see ... I be afraid I can not get you seat till the morning . 124 int . food service area - bus station a grill bar . a rank of vend machine . ester move through the seating area as if draw . now over the ambient noise , we isolate the cry of a baby . ester be follow the sound to its source . she find a mexican woman shushing she infant . the woman look up and smile . ester just stand there , awe-struck . lincoln now come up to reclaim she . he 's about to ask why she wander off when she turn to he . he see she eye be brim with tear . tear of joy and sorrow . it 's the first time she 's see a baby . 125 ext . STREET - dusk the winge pig flutter over the door of " hog Heaven " . the milling customer be suddenly parte by digg , burst out through the door . he leap into the grey cutter , park kerbside . I t peel out with a flash of its halogen eye . 126 int . cutter - drive - dusk B u be d of n steer , glance inquisitively at he partner . digg tap the holocom , urgently , galvanize . the holoframe resolve snow with static . janeen 's face appear . less primp , disgruntled - J a N E E N ( on holocom ) D i g g 's &amp ; burdon bond Agency . digg we get a positive on the serial number . punch in and pull up the transaction . start with the last hour and work back . janeen G be e a t . so I get to park my ass in front of a screen all night ? digg I t ' 's a platinum bond , janeen . we get this , I will buy you a new ass , okay ? he grin at burdon . the thrill of the chase glow in he eye . 127 int . waiting area - bus station - night a blue glass partition wall look out onto the depot . more like a marina with a embarcadero a n d a row of dock . " liner " slot in and out , they nautical trim make they seem like ferries . 85 . lincoln and ester sit wait . lincoln , rigid , watchful . ester , gaze across at the mexican woman , who as the infant cradle asleep . ester glance wistfully at lincoln . then she frown - ester lincoln , what be that ? on you face ? lincoln turn , touch he face . he feel stubble there . for the first time . his body be naturalize but it feel unnatural to he . ester reach out and run she finger across he cheek . lincoln stiffen a little , unused to this type of contact . but she touch be gentle and the contact be warming . they eye slowly meet , flicker , something pass between they . then ester 's face contort slightly . she emit a shallow cough . lincoln a be e you alright ? ester clear she throat . but another cough follow . ester m y throat ... it feel dry ... lincoln o k a y . . . I will get you some water . 128 int . food service area - night E m p t y . the grill bar be close . only the vend machine be active . lincoln consider they . not unlike that he use to know . he find one that offer water bottle . the sign read " Arctic melt " . he pull out he blue card and look for the slot . then pause , pick up he reflection in the glass . he examine the shadowy growth on he face . then he notice he eye . they seem to be darken . the pupil , welling open . then he feel it . the sense of danger , surging up like a geyser . 129 int . departure area ester sit wait , anxious now , cough persistently . hear footfalls , she look round . but the face that greet she be not lincoln . it 's the pale man , the one who chase they . before she can react , he forcefully pull she upright , tapping he earpiece - D I G G S ( on radio ) p i e c e of cake , burdie . J a n e doe 's in the bag . keep a eye out for John -boy . ester look around in panic . face turn but none of they be lincoln 's . digg confront the spectator , flash a badge - digg bond recovery ... state license . 86 . he march he female quarry towards the exit . now she start to struggle and he jerk she back , slapping a cuff onto she wrist - digg play nice , little girl . now you want to tell I where you boyfriend be ? lincoln ( o.s. ) behind you . digg what ? - T h U D - lincoln hammer he fist into the pale man as he turn - drop he , flat - on- he -ass - pull ester away from he - D I G G S jerk out the rainmaker - quick to he foot - more insulted than hurt - target he quarry - who suddenly duck down as -- - B o o m - digg fire - a woman scream - the mexican woman - she face , pepper with tranquilizer core - she baby start cry -- ester frozen - horrify by the scream woman - the bloody , slack grimace - the baby bawling - lincoln drag she down - - B o o m - the blast of the thunderbolt - burdon position behind they - narrowly miss he target - hit the partition wall - - C R a S h - the partition wall explode in a blind electrical discharge - shatter into a sudden tempest of glass shard - lincoln and ester spin round to see the pale man retargeting - the dark giant reloading - exit block , they lunge towards -- T h E partition wall - kick through the hole in the glass - ester 's last glimpse of the scream woman - the howling baby - 130 ext . bus depot - night lincoln and ester leap out onto the embarcadero - run - face blur past - liner flash by with glaring halogen -- D I G G S leap out after they - rainmaker poise - the embarcadero g l u t t e d with passenger - he can not get a bead on he quarry -- lincoln and ester vaulting over the scattered luggage - the crowd thinning - the canopy open onto the street beyond -- D I G G S right on there tail - people scream , parting as they see he weapon - the fire line clear - he level aim and -- m E T R o PD officer ( o.s. ) m e t be of PD ! Drop it ! 87 . digg I be a bond agent ! m E T R o PD officer I say drop the fuck with e a p of n ! D i g g 's see he quarry now escape . with a scowl , he comply . he lace he finger , tapping he earpiece in the process - D I G G S ( into radio ) N of be t h b of u n d on third . get `em , burdie - and take off the fuck g l of v e 's . . . C U T to : 131 ext . STREET - night T h E grey cutter veer round a corner - burdon at the wheel - he quarry visible ahead - he jam the throttle - revs rise - lincoln and ester sprint up the sidewalk - disorientation - the sudden diaspora of for light and darkness - the sharp acoustic - T R a F F I C swerving - claxon B L a R I N G - the cutter hurtle up the street , relentlessly - its halogen eye , burn , grow - lincoln and ester racing for the end of the block - towards a pedestrian bridge - try to outpace the cutter - T h E grey cutter close - burdon punch a button - the side window slide open - he level he thunderbolt , angle a shot - lincoln and ester veer left - up onto the pedestrian bridge - rise above the traffic - claxon b l a be i n g beneath as -- T h E grey cutter plough into the intersection - banking into a u - t u be n - vehicle brake to avoid collision - light , claxon - lincoln and ester - turmoil raging behind they - a glimpse of the cutter regain pursuit - lincoln see a open ahead -- 132 ext . alley - night lincoln pull ester into the shadow - the sidewalk narrowing - they run onward , glance off dumpster - dull boom of metal - a flood of halogens - the cutter banking sharply into the alley - pour on the speed - the quarry trap in its headlight -- lincoln and ester - nowhere to run - the light growing - the rising drone of resistors - lincoln see another open -- 88. 133 ext . pedestrian alley - night lincoln pull ester into the darkness - a narrow access , barely light , hard to see - a sudden dead - end - they slam into a barrier -- a chainlink F E N C E - the link shudder - lincoln look up and see it 's scalable - claw into the link - start climbing - ester try to climb - rattle by cough - fight to breathe - she limb shaking - she muscle fail - then -- - B o o m - a blinding electrical discharge - suddenly the fence be alive with electricity - burning finger jitter across the link - lincoln at the top of the fence - jolted by the sudden shock - muscle in reflex - fall - landing the far side of the fence -- ester still climbing - the jolt instantly toppling she back - landing the near side of the fence - more rattle than hurt -- B U R D o N running toward they - thunderbolt smoking from the shot - lincoln on the far side of the fence - recover from the fall -- ester on the near side of the fence - cower , cough - B U R D o N jerk her up by the hair - like a rapacious viking - he look through the fence at lincoln - sniff she , almost bestial - burdon G of ahead . I will look after she . lincoln ' S eye flickering darkly - jaw clenching - the sense of danger urging he to run - but ester be in the giant 's grip - ester clawing to break free - cough , rasp - she finger snag on the giant 's arm - brace - tugging with all her strength -- B U R D o N yowling at the sudden pain - lash out - fling ester into the fence - drop the thunderbolt - clutching he arm -- lincoln leaping onto the fence - scramble up the link - the dark giant momentarily off - guard - he vault over the top -- - T h U D - burdon spin round - take the full brunt of lincoln 's impact - overbalance - they crash to the ground - lincoln struggle upright - wind , but force to face the dark giant - who be already on he foot , he mighty fist swinging out - - T h U D - lincoln take a punch to the jaw - recoil , reciprocate throw a leave hook - hit hard but the giant barely flinch - 89 . - thud - thud - burdon pound into he - a storm of punch - he quarry , ducking and block - now back up against the fence -- ester retrieving the thunderbolt - try to work the mechanism - cough - hand shaking - accidentally touch the trigger - - B o o m - the shot blast into the AIR - enough of a distraction for lincoln - he land the giant with a bone - jarring left hook - B U R D o N keel over into the wall - crack the back of he head - he knee buckle - slide down - just catch sight of -- lincoln and ester scrambling up over the fence - and then the quarry be lose from sight in a downpour of electrical SPARKS . 134 ext . backstreet - night S I R E N S wailing in the distance . lincoln and ester race down the sidewalk , along a construction hoard . ester slow , double over , rasp . lincoln look at she , she l i p 's , blue , she face , pale . the siren , get louder . he see a gap in the hoard - 135 ext . encanto park - night lincoln and ester emerge through the gap onto a derelict tract . a once public park , now a construction site . mound and crater of earth . dim shape of huge vehicle , like sleep dragon . patch of parkland , as yet untouched . bow palm , dead grass , a stagnant lagoon , a dull mirror for the ascendant moon . on its shoreline be a dilapidate construct that be once a boathouse . 136 int . boathouse - encanto park - night the refuge of shadow . the collapse roof allow stream and puddle of moonlight . lincoln help ester onto a rotted bench . she slump down , exhaust , lincoln watch she , helplessly . she 's fight for breath , wheeze and cough in deep rasp . ester I can not ... I can not breathe ... my throat ... it 's so ... dry ... lincoln I ' l l find you some water . he look around blindly . some junk in the corner . he rummages , find a rusted metal box . pries it open , empty the content . gauze , band - aid - evidently a first - aid box - then a bottle . he open it , sniff . it smell pungent . alcohol , not water . ester suddenly start sobbing . lincoln return to she side - lincoln I t ' 's go to be okay , ester . 90 . ester N of . . . no , it be not ... lincoln I ' l l find you some water , okay ? ester look up at he , wheeze , tear stream from she eye - ester a d then what , lincoln ? lincoln I ' l l find another way . out of state . ester a d then what ? what if they find we ? lincoln the n we will keep go . ester I can not ... I can not run anymore ... ester fold over , sobbing and cough at the same time . pitiful to watch . lincoln crouch , gain she eyeline , very deliberate - lincoln we ' l l keep go till we get there . ester trap a sob , read he eye , something revive in she - ester the Island ... you mean , the Island ? lincoln answer with a brief smile . if this will keep she go then the truth be redundant . he ease she out of the moment - lincoln N of with I be go to get some water . but I want you to stay here . it will be safer . ester wipe away she tear , sniff . her breath , calming . ester do not go yet . stay with I , lincoln . stay with I for a little while . lincoln look puzzle by ester 's request . even more puzzle as she rest she head on he shoulder , nestle into he neck . he feel she against he . the warmth spread through he again . his arm reach , as if of its own accord , close around she . I t feel right somehow . and there he stay , hold she , look out across the dereliction . and the moon rise over encanto p a be k . 91 . 137 ext . metro PD station - night the holoform l of g of of the Metro PD glow over the threshold . digg exit with a dark glower . the cutter be wait kerbside . 138 int . cutter - drive - night digg climb in a burdon steer out into traffic . the thrill of for the chase be go from they now . both seem equally grim and determine . digg tap the holocom . a holoframe resolve , snow with static . then janeen 's face appear , dishevel , bitter - janeen ( on holocom ) what the fuck do you want now ? digg ( very calm , very cold ) punch into the currency stream , close the net on downtown and keep the search active . the next time they use the card , I want to be right on top of they ... o for for he icy tone , janeen nod without retort . digg hit a key and she face blink out . and the cutter prowl into the night . 139 ext . downtown STREET - night the winge pig flutter over the door of " hog Heaven " . another franchise on a more downtrodden street . lincoln emerge with a bag of food and drink . he consider the blue card . the reservoir , now close to the bottom , he resource almost exhaust . with a look of forebode , he pocket the card and turn the corner . a d suddenly stop in he track . but it 's not a vehicle that he see . or a predator . his eye be fix on a holoframe billboard : - - a football player in montage ; pummel into a defensive line ; run for a touchdown ; gyrate in the endzone ; spin in a NFL podium shot , super ; " nobody stop the Juggernaut ! " ; a team logo , super ; " come see the Phoenix admiral ! ruler of the afc ! " lincoln recognize the player 's face but it 's not possible . he wait for the loop to restart . there it be again . the face of starkweather two-delta . incredulous , he stop a pedestrian - lincoln the man , the man up there . who be he ? pedestrian what planet `you be live on ? that 's the Juggernaut , brother . lincoln the juggernaut ... 92 . pedestrian jamil " the Juggernaut " starkweather - high rush total in the league . ` least till that injury blow out he gut . now the doctor be say he will be back on he foot next season . that fucker sure can work miracle , huh ? lincoln do not respond . the pedestrian shrug and head on , write he off . lincoln linger , stare up at the billboard . 140 int . cin booth - night the flourish of music greet lincoln as he enter . the cartoon rattlesnake appear and smile he clownish , fange smile : the snake hi there ! I be tattletail ! what e v e be you want to know , wherever you want to go , I get the answer ! let 's look at the menu ! the set of text frame appear : " residential listing " , " Business listing " , " Transport listing " , " Hotel listing " . the snake N of with let 's make a selection ! a heavy pause . lincoln 's voice come with a slight tremor . lincoln residential ... the snake please give I the name . lincoln starkweather ... the snake okay ! let I find that list for you ! I will be with you in two shake ! the snake rattles and coil . then a headshot a p p e a be 's with the face of jamil starkweather , scale across with a red line . the snake starkweather , jamil ... I be sorry ! this list be block from the directory ! lincoln stand , darkly intent on the face . now irrefutably the same face he see in he life below . the snake shake its rattle - 93. the snake you want I to find another list ? lincoln look at the snake , flick its tongue , coiling . F a D E to black . 141 ext . downtown STREET - morning a downtrodden neighborhood . the building look like remnant from we own era . a scruffy man slouches up to a gated storefront . he slot a key into a lock panel and the gate roll up , squealing . we widen to a vehicle park kerbside . a familiar grey cutter . 142 int . store - morning L i g h t 's flicker on to disclose a gunshop . the array of firearm a 's fathomless as they purpose . the scruffy gunshop of with n e be slouches inside . digg and burdon enter on he heel . he yawn at they - G U N S h o p owner we be not open for another hour . digg y e a h , well we be not in the market . G U N S h o p owner E v e be y of n e ' 's in the market , pal . one end of the barrel or the other ... digg we ' be e chase up a currency record from last night . this two ring a bell ? D i g g 's display two digital slide . the owner pause , suspicious . G U N S h o p owner what be you ? cop ? lawyer ? D i g g 's answer by jerk out the rainmaker . the twin barrel aim at he head , the gunshop of with n e be lose he cool a little - G U N S h o p owner h i m , I remember ... come in just before close ... want a shooter but do not have no id ... settle for one of this . he display a hunting knife , unsheathe it , show the blade . digg do he give you a name ? G U N S h o p owner no. 94 . digg do he say where he be go ? G U N S h o p owner no. D i g g 's cock the hammer . the owner flinch . then , off the knife - G U N S h o p owner the be e be one thing . kinda with e i be d . he want to know how to use it ... 143 ext . apartment build - morning a apartment building tower overhead , vaguely ominous . lincoln approach the entrance with ester . we now see he have a band - aid cover he crosshatch . he take ester briefly aside , teasing some tresses over hers . as she gently smooth down she hair , ester catch he eye . a look flicker between they . then - D o o R m a N ( o.s. ) Fancy dress , be it , sir ? a doorman be look at they like they just roll out of a club he would not be see dead in . off they flustered look , he give a apologetic smile . then open the door and hold it for they . lincoln reach for ester 's hand . then stiffly lead she inside . 144 int . corridor - a upper floor - day the door be set with small glow orb at peephole level . like eyeball , watch , as lincoln and ester proceed up the corridor . they stop at a door . lincoln check the number . pause heavily . then look for some type of doorbell . as he eye cross the orb , it seem to blink . then come a sound of disengaging lock . then the door swing open . lincoln flinch , take by surprise . then frown as he see there be no one on the other side of the door . 145 int . apartment - day lincoln enter , wary , scan around . a live room . frame picture . a sofa , chair . a coffee table , empty bottle , cigarette pack , a full ashtray . a bureau , some paperwork . silence , stillness . no sign of life , no sense of danger . lincoln move across to the bureau and start leaf through the papers . ester venture in through the door , curious - ester what be you look for ? lincoln I do not know . something . just wait there and make sure nobody 's come . 95 . as he leaf the papers , ester wait dutifully by the door . her eye wander across the frame picture . then narrow onto a 3d p h of t of g be a p h . a college box team photo , grin cup winner . ester L of of k at this ... lincoln return to she . ester point to the photo . a face in the row , blurred but eerily familiar . lincoln seem not to react . ester , curiosity pique , scan the other picture . she alight on a frame certificate - " Thomas R. lincoln , Attorney - at - Law " . a man' voice ( o.s. ) what the hell be you do ? lincoln turn to confront a man in a robe . dishevel from sleep , grey from a hangover ... the man 's face be unmistakably he own . this be tom lincoln , sponsor of lincoln six -echo , he bleary eye now widen in disbelief as he recognize he agnate - tom oh , Jesus ... lincoln be better prepare for this encounter but still stunne by the sight of he double in the flesh . sponsor and agnate stand freeze . the only movement be ester , she eye flick between the same man , fraught , confuse . lincoln break the silence - lincoln who be you ? lincoln step closer , eye pierce . Tom take a step back . tom the y say ... I would never have to see you . lincoln who ? lincoln take another step closer . Tom take another step back . tom the people ... lincoln what people ? lincoln take another step closer . Tom stiffen , gather himself - tom look , if you do not get out of here right now , I be call security ... 96 . lincoln examine he , assimilate . his double seem to be as belligerent as he be . reasoning now , threat response kick in . lincoln draw the hunt knife . unuse to it , he point it like a gun . but it 's enough of a threat for Tom , who swallow dryly - tom why be you here ? what do you want ? lincoln I want to know ... Tom grimace at the ambiguity . that face . his for a c e . if not for the pound headache this would be a bad dream . he lower onto the sofa . find a cigarette and light up . a drag , mind kick in . the knife caution he . with a slow exhale , he confess - tom one of the partner at my firm ... he tell I about it . gave I a referral . I think he be joke at first . I go out there , take the sale tour . even before that I know it be not a joke . there be this discretion agree - ment . I never see anything like it and I have see a lot . ironclad ... breathe a word and they have get you by the ball . I do not know ... there 's cancer in my family . maybe it be just to keep up . all the partner be on the policy . lincoln the policy ? he look at he agnate . then realize the level of ignorance . tom Christ , you have no idea , do you ? lincoln about what ? Tom drag he cigarette , finger tremble . he shake he head - tom I can not fuck do this ... lincoln what be you talk about ? lincoln move closer , point the knife . Tom flinch , then - tom insurance . you be a insurance policy . 97 . lincoln what be that ? tom Health insurance ... medical ... lincoln what do that mean ? tom if I get sick ... if part of I get sick ... I take a healthy part from you . lincoln why ? tom how do you expect I to answer that ? it 's just how it work , that 's all . Tom look at he agnate . the insistent stare . the knife , point at he like a finger . his fear yield to a flicker of anger - tom what do you want ? a fuck apology ? lincoln why do I look like you ? tom because you be I . . . lincoln I do not understand . tom because they make you from my cell ... lincoln make I ? tom ( a flare of anger ) that 's right . you be make . cook up in a centrifuge like a fuck boil egg . every think run through you head , every word come out of you mouth , all of it , manufacture , make ... lincoln frown , try to assimilate . too much to process . lincoln you . . . you be the one who make I ? 98 . tom no . lincoln who make I ? tom I sign a contract . I can show you . he gesture to a mirror on the wall . lincoln step back but he eye be unremitte . Tom rise , cautious , crossing to the wall . he open the mirror to reveal a wall safe . his tremble finger tap the keypad and the safe hiss open . he draw out a contract folder emboss with a crosshatch . then offer it to he agnate - tom it 's all right there . who , why ... lincoln take the contract folder and start flipping the page , read . a pendulous silence fall . Tom stand watch , smoking nervously . ester stand by the door , try to take all this in . tom look you have get what you want . now why do not you just get out of here ? lincoln ( pause , look at he ) there be man out there , look for we . I want you to make they stop . tom I can not ... lincoln set down the contract and bring up the knife again . tom I can not . look , I be a lawyer , I know how it work . the contract , everything , it 's all lace with confidentiality clause . it mean they do not want this to get out . it mean whatever I do , they be not go to stop . you understand ? lincoln pause , assimilate . his double 's expression indicate that he 's tell the truth . maybe try a more practical request - lincoln do you have transport ? tom Transport , yes ... yes , park downstairs ... Bay 53 ... take it ... 99 . lincoln and then you will call security ? lincoln step closer , point the knife . Tom try to stay dead - pan . the lawyer kick in . look they in the eye when you lie - tom I be not go to call security . I be not go to call anybody , okay ? lincoln look at he double , reason now yield to anger . deep , roiling . Tom look at he agnate , fear welling , deadpan crack - tom look , maybe there 's something ... maybe there 's a way to cancel the contract ... lincoln press the tip of the blade to he double 's cheek . tom for Christ 's sake ! it 's not my fault ! lincoln inch the blade deeper into the tremble face , draw blood . the anger urging , hungry for more blood . then suddenly - ester lincoln ! no ! lincoln look at she , the anger interrupt , the knife still in place . he pause . then return to he double . the dread eye , the trickle of blood down the face . his e y e 's . his for a c e . a long , forebode moment . then suddenly lincoln lash out . his fist send he double fly , fall in a flurry of contract page . lincoln stand over he , look down , like a dominant species . his double be unmove , unconscious . lincoln abruptly spin away . 146 int . elevator - descending the light panel flash . lincoln stand grimly , head lower , try to fathom the anger roiling within . ester stare at he , wanly . both hold in the dark tableau . and the elevator descend . 147 int . underground parking lot - day the vehicle park in bay 53 be a hybrid of sportscar a n d speed - b of a t , a two - seater know as a " skiff " . lincoln and ester climb in . lincoln review the drive console , the control , all of it , meaningless . his eye cross a orb set in the steering wheel . the orb seem to blink and suddenly the drive console light up . lincoln review it . a screen in front of he be flash : " piloting : manual / auto ? " . he assimilate . then venture - 100 . lincoln Auto ... the interface process , then ask : " destination : name / address ? " lincoln o u t of state ... West ... the interface process , then report " undocking " . lincoln and ester jolt as the skiff shunt forward . lode - pole pulsing ahead of they , the skiff move out , as if pull by a phantom tugboat . 148 ext . STREET - day the skiff bucket off the ramp into a street inlet . then stop rock a little . the interface report : " establishing uplink " . on another screen , a road map appear . a red dot plant at they point of origin then bleed into a red line , plotting a course . the autopilot scan for traffic , then nudge forward on the throttle . the resistor drine , the steering wheel turn and the skiff nose onto the street . find its lane , it drop to cruise speed . lincoln study the interplay of steering wheel , throttle and brake . then glance at ester . she 's plunge in think , stare off . she turn to he with a haggard frown - ester the man back there ... who look like you ... do it mean I have someone too ? lincoln look at she blankly , unknow . ester stare off again , she brow knotting with unanswer question . but lincoln 's gaze linger . her pale skin , she limpid eye , she hair flutter in the breeze . it 's the first time he 's really see ester 's beauty . 149 ext . phoenix skyline - day the dome and spire glint in the sunlight . we isolate a glass steeple . a crosshatch insignia . a legend " sanger industry " . 150 int . crowne's office - sanger industries tower - day a corner office with a panoramic view of the city . crowne sit at a console desk , review some data on a holoframe screen . a knock on the door and her secretary enter , look unsettle - secretary I just think I should warn you . I have a sponsor hold . his name 's Thomas lincoln . he sound ... angry . 101 . 151 ext . STREET tunnel - day the skiff plunge into the shadow of a underpass . the interface flash : " uplink interrupt ... autopilot disengaging " . lincoln sit up , confuse . the skiff be now slow , drift as if cut loose . he study the control again . position one hand on the steering wheel , the other on the throttle . then he nudge it . the skiff lurch , veer out of its lane . another vehicle zip narrowly past , rock they with its invisible backwash . ester look at lincoln , suddenly alarmed . lincoln try again , firm on the wheel , gentle on the throttle . and the skiff ease forward . 152 ext . motel - downtown phoenix - late afternoon D i 's m a l . the kind of place that precede a life on the street . we push in on a window , crack glass , the drape close within . 153 int . motel room - late afternoon G l of of m y , musty . a " holovision " play some type of NFL recap . but scheer be not watch it . he be lie on the bed , stare at the ceiling , motionless . off a beep sound , he stir . he tap a holocom on the nightstand . a holoframe appear , resolve : merrick ( on holocom ) k a be l , there 's be a complication . 154 ext . interstate - sunset the sunset melt gold across the horizon as the skiff cruise westward . eight lane of lodeway rake through the salt flat . lincoln be drive more confidently now . ester be huddle asleep beside he . suddenly the skiff start to slow again . lincoln review the control . throttle , forward , foot , off the brake . the interface flash : " remote lockdown E N G a G I N G " . the skiff be steering itself onto the hard shoulder . it now pull to a dead halt . ester be wake by the sudden inertia . she open she eye and look around . they have stop in the middle of nowhere . 155 ext . the salt flat - sunset the sun sink in a slow pink haze . lincoln and ester walk across the salt flat . visible in the distance be a wall settlement . 156 ext . the heritage park - sunset a adobe wall culminate at a arched wooden gateway . lincoln and ester approach . they have not walk far but ester be already short of breath . as they near the gateway a holoserve appear , like a sentry - Native american , buckskin , feathered headdress and facepaint . his voice seem as old as the wind - 102 . the indian hologram welcome to Salt River Heritage Park , home to the Hohokam Nation for over two thousand year . the park be now close . please come back during open hour , 9 be t of 5 pm , Monday through Saturday ... ester step closer . with the sun haze through , the holoserve 's e e m 's angelic or ghostly . she 's examine he stripe facepaint - ester he have mark on he face like we . she turn to lincoln with a flowering smile . then rush up to the gateway , suddenly galvanize , squeezing through a gap . 157 ext . the heritage park - sunset a ring of Native american pueblos . pithouse a n d course adobe , recreation and preserve ruin . ester rush around the ring , look into the pueblos as if expect to find they inhabit . she duck into one of the pithouse . lincoln follow she inside . 158 int . pithouse - sunset the mud wall show a skeleton of saguaro rib , cholla branch . it 's cosy in here , dim . the live area , recreate with mat and pottery . lincoln find ester look around , between excitement and confusion . she turn to he , she voice waver , wheeze - ester be this ... be this place the Island ? lincoln answer with a softly negate look . ester 's face slowly fall , the energy drain from she eye . she lower onto one of the mat and lie down , huddle . she look up to he , wheeze - ester I be tired . let I rest for a while . 159 ext . pithouse - night silence prevail but for the faint rattle of ester 's breathe . lincoln sit on low stool , in sentinel over she as she sleep . in he eye , we see the weight of forebode . he do not know what they will do when she wake . of a moan sound he look at ester . then realize it be not come from she . the sound be far off , a rhythmic moan . now discernible as the chant of voice . 160 ext . the platform mound - night a blaze fire . figure in silhouette , move around , chant . 103 . the platform mound be situate just beyond the heritage park . a ancient ceremonial site , step in ruin , dust with caliche . pima and maricopa , descendant of the Hohokam , be congregate for a solstice ceremony . off to the side , a group of horse be tethere , shuffle , snort . lincoln approach , cautiously , but somehow like a moth to the flame . he stop at a distance , watch . the curiosity of congruent sound and movement . voice ( o.s. ) you look a little lose , my friend . lincoln turn to a figure emerge from the night . a tall man - swarthy skin , mist - color eye . his tribal name be grey dove - grey dove ( cont would ) or do you come here for a reason ? lincoln examine the tall man . the face seem as deep and gentle as the voice . his sense of danger , unstir , he concede - lincoln I be look for water . grey dove not the best place to look . lincoln my transport ... it stop work . grey dove I see . and where be you go ? lincoln out of state ... lincoln sigh , the destination seem very far away . grey dove consider he . this bruise , weary outsider be somehow childlike . 161 ext . the ceremony - later the fire blaze across the face of a shaman . Old , gnarled , and dry as the salt flat . with a sacred mutter , he slip a peyote button onto he tongue . then fling back he head , casting he eye to the star . when he lower he head again , we see he pupil dilating . he rise , chant , move in ceremonial step around the fire . tribespeople 's i t in a ring , join the chant . Beyond the ring , other be dining at a roasting pit . roast rabbit . cornflour bread . the food be as it might be two thousand year ago . only the sight of plastic water gallon break the illusion . lincoln stand apart with grey dove , eat ravenously , gulp from a water gallon . he look around - 104 . lincoln what be this place ? grey dove it be a sacred place . my people come here to commune with they spirit . lincoln look at he , puzzle . grey dove smile tolerantly . grey dove not easy to understand perhaps . for we , the spirit be like the shadow on the rock . sometimes close , sometimes far away , sometimes the sky cloud and the shadow fade . we come here to ask we spirit to return to we . the man ... ( gesture to the shaman ) he speak to the grandfather from whom all spirit be bear . the great Spirit who bind every live thing . he have no name . but he be everywhere . in the sun and the moon , the wind and the rain ... the shaman 's chant grow louder , more insistent . his circuit around the fire become faster , building in religious fervor . grey dove now he ask for the gift of vision that he may see through to the spirit shape of thing . to find the spirit of the lose . to bring they into the light ... the shaman 's chant suddenly stop . he be look directly at lincoln , point . his face , contort with what might be anger or fear . he start babbling in dialect , ardently . lincoln frown in confusion . grey dove quietly draw he away from the mound . 162 int . pithouse - night - later ester stir from slumber . on the ground beside she , she find a bowl of food and a water gallon . now through the gloom , she see lincoln , sit on the stool like he never leave , keep vigil . something seem different about he as he turn , register she - lincoln a be e you alright ? ester I feel better after I sleep . lincoln nod absently and stare off out of the doorway . ester move closer , sense something . he speak as if from far away - 105 . lincoln the man out there ... he say everything have a spirit ... every live thing ... but not ... his voice cut off . ester look at he , recognize he pain . she do not understand what it be or what cause it . it 's pain and it evoke a response in she . a feel , take she over . her hand reach out and stroke he hair . lincoln look up at she , question . with supreme know , ester lean down and kiss he . at the touch of she lip , lincoln pause . the first kiss for both of they but ester take it in she stride . the calm ballet of nature . fluidly peel off she shirt , breast steeping with moonlight . lincoln rise to face she , feel she proximity , she radiant heat . his finger touch she breast . ester tremble , she lip once more find he . lincoln close he eye , the rush of sensation , overwhelming . he yield to it , return the kiss , with hunger , with passion ... with spirit . 163 ext . the interstate - dawn the sun rise in the east , depict the traffic in silhouette . a vehicle arc from the fast lane onto the hard shoulder where the skiff sit abandon . the grey cutter pull to a halt . 164 ext . hard shoulder - dawn D i g g 's and burdon move up on the skiff , cover position , weapon levell . burdon spin in to the driver side , snap aim with the thunderbolt . but the skiff be empty . the only sign of life be the interface , flash red : " remote locator transmitting " . B u be d of n exchange a look with digg . no dice . digg reach in he pocket and pull out what look like a electronic telescope . he put it to he eye and pan the salt flat . burdon crouch at the roadside , look for track . then digg fix on something - digg I get thermal . 165 ext . platform mound - sunrise the fire be now reduce to a heap of ember . the tribespeople a be e asleep around the mound , wrap in ethnic blanket . digg and burdon move up stealthily , weapon at the ready . the horse bristle and snort , betray they approach . the tribespeople , stir by the noise , awake . digg and burdon swing aim around the ring as face rise and stare at they . none of the face have white skin . digg lower he weapon and address the gather - digg I be look for two bond runner . they ditch near here last night . 106 . digg ( cont would ) one man , one woman . tattoos on the forehead ... ( nothing , just silent stare ) anyone 's see they , I get fifty green . ( still nothing , aggravate ) what the fuck be you ? deaf and dumb ? the tribal face just keep stare . digg scowl . then suddenly swing aim with the rainmaker and fire . - boom - hit one of the horse in the haunch . it rear up , whinnying , set off the rest of the horse . digg turn back to the gather - digg somebody start talk . he scan around the ring . then fix on one of the woman . she lift a tremble finger to a man nearby . grey dove stiffen . 166 ext . salt mountain - sunrise the sunrise depict two silhouettes , move across the ridge . lincoln and ester clamber over the calcify rock . ester now stop to catch she breath . she be wheeze again , fight for air . as lincoln look on with concern , she muster a brave smile - ester I can make it . 167 ext . salt canyon - early morning a freight barge whoosh through the canyon , trail a chain of low , arched container , capacious in width rather than height . the conveyance be similar to a lodeway but wider , deeper , know as a " lode - canal " . at each end of the canyon , it intersect with other lode - canal , converge to use the same passage , a system of signal and lockgate control the flow of freight traffic . High above , on the south rim of the canyon , we find lincoln and ester . ester be no longer wheeze but rasp . she look down at the pass vessel , daunt . lincoln offer she small comfort - lincoln do not worry . the one we want go the other way . he say it go slower . they exchange a smile . the chain of container tailing off , the barge leave the canyon with a blast of its resonant claxon . 168 ext . the south face - morning lincoln and ester descend the rocky slope toward the lode-canal . ester stop , have to catch she breath every few step . lincoln try to hide he concern , look away towards the sunrise . the westbound vessel will be come soon . 107 . they just need to get out of state ... now he frown , sense something . faint but grow . his jaw clenches . his face tighten . his pupil start to dilate . 169 ext . the NORTH ridge - morning the north ridge be evidently thread by a lodeway as we see the grey cutter pull up . digg and burdon get out and look down into the canyon . digg pull out he scope and start pan . burdon peel off he jacket . it 's early but it 's already get hot . digg now pause , hand he the scope for he opinion - digg up there in the rock . Three o'clock . I be not sure ... it could be ambient . 170 ext . the south face - morning lincoln and ester hide in the shadow of a rock . ester be muffle she breath as best she can . lincoln now hazard a look over the top . two figure be climb down the far side of the canyon , now point in they direction . he duck back , assimilate . hiding , no longer a option . nor run , at least for ester . his face set in a grimace of conviction . his eye glow darkly . 171 ext . the NORTH face - morning digg and burdon reach the foot of the rock . neither speak , communicate in hand -signal . digg slip into the lode-canal . burdon cover , sweeping the thunderbolt across the south face . digg emerge from the far side of the lode-canal . he stay low , move up into the rock . then , from above , a rock dislodge , rattling down . digg react instantly , target , open fire - - B o o m - B o o m - the shot from the rainmaker swathe across the rock . the thunderbolt now add to the barrage , burdon fire from the far side - shot , bolt , kicking up a STORM of dust -- suddenly holding FIRE , wait for the dust to clear , reloading . no sign of movement . just a slide of rubble . fading echoe . D I G G S steal onward up the rock - into the fog of dust - the sunlight and shadow play trick on he eye - then suddenly - lincoln burst out of the dust - from the leave - tackle the pale man - both of they toppling - tumble down the slope -- thudding to a halt at the lip of the lode- canal - the rainmaker lose in the fall - the impact throw up a billow of dust -- the dustcloud - digg and lincoln struggle , claw , punch - lincoln , with surprise on he side , gain with the upper hand -- 108 . digg ' clawing finger discover lincoln 's knife - tug it from he jacket - lincoln grab he wrist , fight for control - the knife moving between they - digg with better leverage - the blade inching towards lincoln 's face - press into he cheek -- lincoln' eye - welling black , almost inhuman - the sense of danger scream in he ear - he grab the pale man 's throat - digg ' eye - bulg as he strain to push the knife home - oxygen drain - conscious ebbing - he slump back - lincoln regains the knife - the pale man seem to be out cold - but he 's not sure - he pause hold the blade over he , then -- - B o o m - the knife fly from he grip in a burst of discharge - burdon snap AIM for another shot - bead - he target move now - drop out of the fire line - into the lode - canal -- burdon inches toward the edge - thunderbolt angle downward - into the trench - then suddenly he 's grabbed by the ankle - lincoln straining to overbalance the giant - foot up against the wall - like try to topple a tree - finally win some give - burdon topples into the trench - he ankle clamp by he quarry - both man meeting the concrete with a bone-shake - - thud - lincoln be crushed beneath the massive weight - the giant already recover from the fall - now drag he upright -- - thud - burdon throws a punch - mightily - hurl he quarry across the trench - move in quickly , follow up with a kick -- - thud - lincoln crumple as the boot smack into he - then another kick - then another - the world start blur -- burdon turn away - he quarry disabled for now - he recover he thunderbolt - turn back to administer the coup de grace -- lincoln look up - the giant loom - the muzzle of he weapon thrumm with energy - the rivet on he denim start rattling -- burdon spin round - the thunderbolt suddenly rip from he grasp - there , in the distance - a eastbound barge be coming - lincoln scramble up the wall of the trench - muscle strain , foot slip on the concrete - escape the imminent vessel -- 109 . digg coming to - now see he quarry a short distance away - emerge from the lode - canal - he look around for a weapon , then - burdon ( o.s. ) digg ! get I outta here ! burdon struggling to climb out of the trench - with one arm , it 's almost impossible - fight against he own weight -- digg reaching the edge - see the eastbound barge come - grab he partner 's outreach hand - pull he upward - burdon' panic - he other arm fling away - he metal brace snare by the lode - stream - the force shudder he entire body - digg pulling with all he might - foot slip - lock in a tug of war with the lodestream - the barge be close fast -- burdon' horror - now suspend between the two force - foot kick - the barge be almost upon he - he scream agonize -- burdon help I ! help meeeee ! the scream be instantly lost in the whoosh of the barge . digg , stunne , just look at he hand , empty , spatter with blood . digg burdie ...? the shadow of the rock - lincoln rejoin ester - casting a look back - the eastbound barge now plummete into the distance -- D I G G S stooping at the edge of the trench - look down - all that remain of he partner be a smear of blood at the concrete -- lincoln and ester reaching the foot of the rock - see the westbound barge against the sunrise - snake into the passage -- digg pulling upright - spot he quarry - fire in he eye - draw out a boot-knife - slip it between he tooth -- the westbound barge pull through the canyon - lode - pole pulsing ahead of it - polarity thrumm in oppose flow -- lincoln and ester start run as the barge come towards they - lincoln pull ester along - struggle to match the pace -- a SOUND like a beat tympany coming toward they - they look round to see - a shadow running along the top of the barge -- D I G G S flinging himself off the barge - the blade in he tooth - arm spread - for a instant , like a vulture against the sun -- 110 . lincoln be suddenly crushed by the weight of he landing - ester be hurled sideways - into a ditch - lose in a cloud of dust -- D I G G S pulling himself up , astride of lincoln - snatching the knife from he clench tooth - the sound , like a whetstone -- lincoln spitting dirt - suddenly grab by the scalp and tug sideways - twisted partway of n t of he back , force to look up at -- a black spot against the SUN - digg ' face set in a murderous sneer - he want to see this fucker 's e y e 's - the torment -- lincoln dazzle by the sunlight - but suddenly know the face of death - now catch the brief glint of the knife as -- D I G G S plunge the blade down - slice into he quarry 's hand as he throw it up in defense - he quarry yowling with pain -- lincoln feeling the stab - he deep instinct suddenly awoken - every impulse , every fiber bring into alignment - survival -- D I G G S be hurled into the AIR as lincoln surge upward - he tumble backward into the dust - lose hold of the boot- knife -- lincoln push himself upright - only make it half - way - scramble towards the pale man - all four , like a animal -- D I G G S clawing around in the dust - finger find metal - the boot-knife - he bring it up - slashing at he imminent quarry -- lincoln recoiling - the blade nick he face - sudden rage - grab the pale man by the arm - swinging he round into -- - B o o m - the moving wall of freight container - as the westbound barge pass - digg bounce off - stumbling to keep balance -- lincoln on the retreat - the pale man come at he with the knife - another nick - see a gap now , shove he backwards -- - B o o m - the moving wall resound - digg howl - snag by a bolt - hurt , he fury become incandescent - he strike madly -- lincoln stumbling back - the pale man come at he - the blade flash to and for - frenzied - like a thresh machine -- F o R C I N G he up against the rock - the knife almost upon he - he grit he tooth and lunge forward - charge like a bull -- digg careen backward , still swiping the blade - digging into he quarry - headlong towards the move wall - hit with -- - W h U m p - no resonant boom - no bounce back - digg have hit a gap between the container and he head have be lopped off - 111 . lincoln stand horrified - as the headless body be spun by the move wall - drop into the trench as the barge tail off - the westbound barge gain speed , leave the canyon . but there be ester , run after it , vainly , cough and sputtering . lincoln ester ! stop ! it 's no use ! ester we have to ... get to ... the Island ... lincoln it 's go too fast ! ester we have to ... get to ... ester stagger a few more step , then collapse to she knee , rasp for breath . as lincoln reach she , she slump back into he arm . her head lolling , eye roll back to white , a drool of blood spilling from she lip . then the blast of a claxon c u t 's the air as the westbound barge disappear into the distance . F a D E to black . 172 ext . sedona - late afternoon a ranch home in the middle of nowhere . Long shadow . 173 int . studio - ranch home - late afternoon late golden sunlight through a mist of sawdust . abstract wood sculpture be visible . juniper wood , carve along the bias of the grain , polished to accentuate the curve of natural growth . a older woman run a sander over a work in progress - 60' , in coverall , gray she tie back , she face shield by goggle and a bandana . she pause to review she work , shutting down the sander , slip off she goggle and bandana . her face be eerily familiar . her name be katherine . she now move to the window , catch sight of something outside . curiously , she watch a vehicle come down the long driveway . a dusty , grey cutter . 174 ext . front porch - ranch home - late afternoon Katherine open the front door . the cutter be now dock in the port and a stranger be staggering towards she . in he arm , be a unconscious woman . now Katherine can see the face - young , but unmistakable even so . her voice come in a chill whisper - katherine o h , God ... oh , my God ... 112 . 175 ext . phoenix - late afternoon a whisper cut across the glisten skyline towards the sanger industry Tower . it circle in to land on a rooftop helipad . 176 int . crowne's office - sanger industries tower silence . crowne sit at she desk . merrick sit across from she . wait . the air stir as the secretary usher Dr. sanger into the office . no greeting be exchange . sanger just lower into a chair , a little unsettle to find merrick have precede he . crowne I take it you have hear the news . dr . sanger the bond agent . yes. unfortunate . crowne unfortunate ? ( pause , light a cigarette ) we be way past unfortunate , Henry . dr . sanger I think we would cover ourselves . crowne the police will not connect the bond agent to we . but that 's not the problem . it 's the sponsor . dr . sanger what be you talk about ? merrick the male agnate track he down . crowne his name 's Thomas lincoln . it seem they have a genetic reunion . not a h a p p y one . it be all I could do to stop he go to the authority . dr . sanger I still do not see the problem . crowne he may not want a police involvement but he 's already threaten to file suit . and he 's one of the biggest litigation attorney in the city . 113 . dr . sanger that 's why we have you , ellen . crowne that 's why I ask Bernard to come out here . to find out how it happen . merrick I tell she , Henry . about synesthesia . S a n g e be cast a betrayed look at merrick . then return to crowne - dr . sanger I t be a marginal problem . and it be under control - accord to Bernard . crowne that 's not the point . whether or not it 's a factor in this instance , it put we in breach of the clone law . dr . sanger I t do not even touch they genetics . crowne I be talk about self - awareness . the virtual humanity statute require we t of give they consciousness to the l e v e l of functionality . but not beyond . this give sanger pause . crowne drag she cigarette acutely . crowne L e g a l l y , we be naked on every level . Federal legislature , state license , sponsorship contract ... but even if we do manage to weather the legal storm , we would never survive the public scrutiny . S a n g e be absorb this , calmly shaking a pill from he pill bottle . dr . sanger I have spend my entire career face down naysayer , ellen . do not think for a second I be afraid of face they now . crowne you remember cryogenics ? at the outset , people dismiss it as a rich man 's folly . eccentric millionaire freezing they brain , hope to wake up in a new body . 114 . crowne ( cont would ) E v e n when cloning show sign of m a k i n g it feasible , it be not moral a for for be of n t that cause the backlash . it with a 's the scope . the scope , Henry . when t h e size of the customer base be e x p of 's e d , it scream inequality - one m e d i c i n e for the rich and one for the p of of be . the pressure for accessible cryo - genic a 's good as bury the industry . ( a pause for emphasis ) o u be grave be be dig as we speak , g e n t l e m e n . every pass second , they g e t deeper . if we be go to survive , with e have to act swiftly and decisively . dr . sanger a l be i g h t . what do you suggest ? S a n g e be dry swallow the pill . ellen open a contract folder . crowne o u be security chief - I have be look at he file . ex - marine , serve in South China - do we think he still have it in he ? dr . sanger ( be e a l i z i n g , suddenly harsh ) a be e you insane ? the i be eye deadlock . crowne give merrick a sideways glance . crowne ` you ever wonder why Henry take that pill , Bernard ? why he do not avail himself of he own technology ? dr . sanger a agnate could give I a new heart but to get it to function mentally ... crowne B u l l 's h i t , Henry . bullshit . you do not want to deal with reality . only with concept . I may not have be there at the start but I hear the storey . you want in on every aspect of construction , from environmental design right down to the classical playlist . I t be not enough just to make it work , be it ? no , you want you own little utopia . 115 . crowne ( cont would ) swan a be of u n d in you mountain be e t r e a t like some self - appoint d e i t y . but when it come to get y of u be hand dirty ... dr . sanger a be e you quite finish ? crowne E v e n God have blood on he hand , Henry . be you go to watch it all go up in flame or be you go to deal with it ? S a n g e be cross to the window , look down onto the city . dr . sanger you see that street down there ...? running east from the stadium . my father use to take I to church on that street . a old Spanish church . crowne what 's you point ? dr . sanger I do not know they would tear it down . 177 int . guest bedroom - katherine's house - evening a floral bedroom . ester lie in bed , wheeze , semi-conscious . Katherine slip a pill between she lip and tip in some water . lincoln stand watch . Katherine usher he out of the room . 178 int . kitchen - continuous the kitchen be array with modern technology but soften with painting and craftwork . a be t marginally overwhelming science . Katherine start make some herb tea in the traditional manner . lincoln what do you give she ? katherine J u 's t something to help she sleep . I think she have a bronchial infection . but I be not sure I should give she a antibiotic in case it effect the baby . lincoln S of you know about the baby ... Katherine pause , reality sink its claw . she look at he - 116 . katherine be n ' t that why you come here ? lincoln I find you name in the listing . I be not sure . you do not look like she . katherine the y have a plan ... for woman like I . lincoln S of you be the one who take she baby . Katherine wince at he . it 's uttere so matter - of - factly . she pause , hang she head , search within herself . katherine you know when you be young ? how you run around think you be immortal ? lincoln ' 's look say he have no idea . she seem not to notice . katherine the be e be a lodeway accident . I be ... damage . after that , I think no man would ever want I . I be wrong . his name be John . he say he marry I for my eye . Ocean eye , he call they . he always love the ocean . up there on the wall , that 's John 's boat . o for for she gesture , lincoln glance at the wall . a watercolor of a yacht . meaningless to he but Katherine gaze it at , fondly - katherine but I think there be always a unspoken regret between we . when we hear about the technology , it be like ... forgive - n e 's 's , like a second chance . a child of we own , part of both of we . sail trip , fishing trip , so many plan ... ( a flat beat ) J of h n get cancer a year ago . he die . he be eye mist , distant and bittersweet , talk to herself now . katherine I be of n i c . that the same technology could have save he life . and now the baby be the only part of he I have leave . and the boat . I still have the boat . lincoln look discomfite . there 's more to this than he think . 117 . 179 int . motel room - evening S c h e e be open the door . merrick stand at the threshold with a attache case . scheer , seemingly unsurprise , bring he inside . scheer I tell you we should not have go to outside personnel . they be cowboy . merrick we have no choice , Karl . we have to keep this away from the Institute . scheer a d now ? merrick lower in a chair , grim and leaden . he open he attache and pull out a contract folder . he hand it to scheer . scheer what 's this ? merrick you resignation papers . maybe `early retirement ' would be more accurate ... S c h e e be lean forward , frown , curious . merrick T e n platinum bounty - if you sign the papers , they loss become you gain . scheer a parachute ... so there 's a jump ? merrick you understand that whatever happen , the Institute must be able to deny it . S c h e e be say nothing . merrick reach in the attache and pull out a case . Inside be a row of ampule and a pressure syringe - gun . merrick we use a chemical to dispose of waste product . it 's call di-halcyonate . I t react on a molecular level to start a process of internal combustion . the subject be incinerate from the inside out . in post - mortem application it 's do its job before rigor mortis . in a live subject , well ... you can imagine . 118. scheer you want to dispose of you product . merrick I t ' 's a little more complicated than that . we have to be very ... thorough . if you still have it in you , that be . S c h e e be give he a sideways look . then display the usmc ring . scheer why do you think I still wear this ? merrick I do not know . scheer I be discharge from the marine for insubordination . if you ask anyone i n my unit , they would call it heroism . I disobey a order to fall back . I take out a bunker complex single -hande . merrick S of you wear it be a badge of honor ? scheer N of . it be not bravery . I be not afraid of die . I just do not care . you see , I suddenly realize I be just a sack of flesh with a heartbeat . life , death , I just could not see the point anymore . merrick allow a respectful pause , then - merrick you will find a vehicle park outside . it 's unregister , difficult to trace . I take it we have a agreement ...? 180 int . katherine's bedroom - night a slant of light fall across ester , writhe in she sleep , rasp . Katherine and lincoln peer in through the doorway , check on she . then Katherine quietly close the door . 181 int . katherine's kitchen - night lincoln pace around , feel useless . Katherine consider he - katherine what do I call you ? 119 . lincoln lincoln . my name 's lincoln . katherine lincoln , I think she need professional help . I think she need to see a doctor . lincoln N of . they will find she . they will take she . katherine N of t if I do not want they to . lincoln you do not understand . they do not want people to know about she . either of we . katherine the doctor I be think of , he 's a old friend . he look after John in t h e final stage . I trust he . lincoln why ? so you can take she baby ? katherine N of . no , that 's not what I want . o for for lincoln 's blunt look , she sigh , lowering into a chair . katherine m a y b e I do not realize she would be so ... ( c u t 's off , a deep pause ) m a y b e I just do not want to . either way , I be wrong . I want you to know that . I be wrong ... and I be sorry . a heavy lull . lincoln hang he head , remember . lincoln the y make you believe there 's a place call the Island . then they take you upstairs and put you to sleep . they cut you open . they take piece of you . Katherine look at he , intuit . she allow a pause , then - katherine E v e n if I have take she baby , I swear to you , I would never have ... they give you a choice , you see , to extend the sponsorship after ... after d e l i v e be y . 120 . lincoln N of . I see a lot of we go to the Island . but I never see anyone come back . katherine you mean ... even if I have extend the sponsorship , they would have ... and keep take the money ? but that 's inhuman . lincoln ( b e a t , a lose look ) be it ? I would not know . 182 int . underground parking lot - evening a sleek low vehicle know as a " straker " pull down the ramp . 183 int . apartment build - evening the orb on the door eyeball scheer , move up the corridor . he stop at a doorway . ring the bell . Tom lincoln open the door - tom yes ? scheer I be from the sanger Institute . tom I have give you people enough of my time already . scheer I t ' 's just a formality . I need to see you sponsorship contract . T of m pause then let scheer inside . he cross to the wall safe , tap the key . then pull out the contract folder . he offer it . scheer be this the only copy ? tom why would I make copy ? do you think I want anyone else to know about this ? S c h e e be accept the folder . as Tom turn to close the safe , he set it down . and grab Tom from behind , by the scalp , press the syringe - gun into he jugular . a hiss . Tom clutches he throat like it 's on fire . with a boil gurgle , he stagger forward . sweating , collapse . convulse , belching steam . then fall slack . his skin start to smolder . scheer pause , then toss t h e contract folder on top of he , leave it to burn with he . 121. 184 ext . new gaza hospital - phoenix - night E 's t a b l i 's h i n g . a clean facade of white steel and glass . a hatch - b a c k vehicle know as a " corsair " pull down the parking ramp . 185 int . underground parking lot - new gaza hospital - night the corsair pull up at the er entrance , lincoln at the wheel . Katherine get out of the passenger side . a doctor be wait - 50' , caring face . his name be dr . abram . he look curiously at the man at the wheel . then greet Katherine with a hug - D R . abram Katherine . . . it 's good to see you . I have not see you since John 's funeral . katherine we l l I have be keep busy . try to . thanks for come down to meet I . D R . abram you call be a little cryptic . what be it exactly that 's wrong with you ? katherine I t ' 's not I ... not exactly . she open the rear door of the corsair . ester be lie on the back seat . Dr. abram frown as he notice the resemblance . 186 ext . the ranch house - sedona - night the straker p u l l 's up into the port . 187 int . the studio / MAIN house - sedona - night the shadow of scheer move outside the window , look for a point of entry . he inspect the studio door for alarm . then elbow the glass . reaching inside , turn the lock . he enter the studio , glance at the sculpture . move through the home . S i l e n t l y , systematically , check the room . he reach the guest bedroom , look around . something catch he eye . spot of blood of the linen . eye hone , he move on into the kitchen . he discover a holocom keypad on the counter . tap some key . the holoframe flash " redialling " . the holoframe snow with static . then a receptionist 's face appear - R E C E p T I o N I S T ( on holocom ) N e with Gaza Hospital , how may I help you ? 122. 188 int . waiting room - new gaza hospital - night - later lincoln stand wait . there be chair but he 's too tense to sit . Katherine and Dr. abram now enter . lincoln look at they , expectantly . there 's a pause . then Dr. abram speak - D R . abram you friend ... she have pneumonia . at a very advanced stage . its progress have be uncheck by she immune system . lincoln C a n you help she ? D R . abram we have two option ... one be a super - b i of t i c . but there 's the risk she immune system might bow out of the fight . the other be a nodal transfusion . Katherine have agree to be the donor . but the new antibody may not conform fully . they m a y decide to attack the baby ... lincoln I do not understand any of this . katherine he mean that by try to help she , we could lose she . or lose the baby . D R . abram or , if we do nothing , both . her immune system be ... remarkably unstable . if we do not act , the infection will take over . lincoln lower into a chair . he feel a pain somewhere . he can not quite pin down where . or what cause it . or why it hurt so bad . 189 int . hospital room - night ester lie in bed , doze , look more relaxed . her oxygen mask make breathe easier . lincoln enter and sit beside she . she stir , meeting he eye with a faint smile . lincoln return it - lincoln he l l of , stranger . ester you look tired , lincoln . lincoln ester ... 123. ester I t ' 's okay . I know . Katherine tell I . she sit up , lowering she mask . her hand find he . ester she tell I a lot of thing . about how they use a tiny part of she to make I . she say it be not so very different . lincoln what do you mean ? ester ( t of u c h i n g she belly ) F be of m this ... from have a baby . lincoln nod . a pause . ester continue , more troubled , wheeze - ester she tell I how they use we ... and I keep think ... about the other ... the one we leave behind , about how they will never know ... how they will ... ester ' 's out of breath again , cough . lincoln help she put the oxygen mask back over she mouth . ester slump back , relax . off lincoln 's worried look , she smile at he with she eye - ester I be go to be okay , lincoln . lincoln I know . but even to he own ear , the affirmation sound hollow . 190 int . men' room - hospital - night the stream of water gush into lincoln 's hand . he splashes he face . then look at himself in the mirror . he look sallow from sleeplessness . the facial hair make he look like a shadow of he former self . for a instant he tense at a light blink in the glass . Blue light . like etherscreen . then he see it 's just a humidifier on the far wall . tension ebbing , he splashes some more water . when he look up again , he see he pupil be dilating . the sense of danger . his voice come in a cold whisper - lincoln no ... 124 . 191 int . hospital corridor - night lincoln emerge from the restroom , scan for the danger 's source . figure flash past in scrub , white coat . then he see it . the figure emerge from the elevator . the face of scheer ... 192 int . prep room - night a flurry of disturbance from the nurse as someone barge into the room . Dr. abram be prepping Katherine for the transfusion . off the ruckus , he look up . lincoln come up to they , urgently - lincoln we have to go . we have to get she out . katherine what be you talk about ? lincoln he 's come for she . for we . D R . abram what e v e be this be about , we can not move she . she 's already under sedation . lincoln look to see ester , asleep on the or table beyond . lincoln how long before she wake up ? D R . abram the procedure take three hour but ... lincoln ( t of Katherine , emphatic ) you will take care of it , will not you ? take she somewhere they can not find she ... Katherine , understanding , simply nod . lincoln take a last look at ester , then depart . Dr. abram , bemuse , turn to Katherine - D R . abram Katherine , what the hell 's go on ? 193 ext . hospital corridor - night lincoln move up the corridor , purpose in he stride . his black gaze fix on scheer , make a inquiry at the nurse 's station . lincoln do not even break stride . he grab scheer from behind -- h U R L I N G he across the nurse station - instant confusion - nurse running - people shout - lincoln take off at a run -- 125 . scheer recovering - see he quarry through the confusion - no time for subtlety - he leap over the nurse 's station - pursue - lincoln pause at the emergency exit - check to see he enemy be follow - then push on through the door into -- 194 int . stairwell - night lincoln hammer down the step - a alarm sounding - shouting from beyond - footfalls behind he - deeper into the gloom - S C h E E R vaulting the rail - shortcutte t h e flight of step - catch sight of he quarry as he push through a door into -- 195 int . underground parking lot - night lincoln burst out into the parking lot - flash of light - vehicle pull in and out - off across the parking dock - S C h E E R burst out in he wake - he quarry temporarily lose - now spot he across the lot - leaping into a vehicle - lincoln fire up the corsair - resistor dron - jam the throttle - lurching out - narrowly missing another vehicle - S C h E E R spinning round as the corsair blur past - it 's head for the exit ramp - he launch towards the straker - 196 ext . exit ramp - the hospital - night T h E corsair burn up the parking ramp - smashing the gate arm - plunging out into the street - bounce across the lodestream - T h E straker h U R T L E S up close behind - into the snarl of traffic - steering expertly through - pick up the tail of the corsair - 197 ext . street of phoenix - night T h E corsair plough up the STREET - traffic swerving out of its path - buoys clanging as it lurch from one lane to the next - lincoln jam the throttle - the resistor buzzing , growl with energy - he have one goal - draw he enemy away from ester - S C h E E R coolly intent at the control of the straker - keep a certain distance - wait for he quarry to make a mistake -- a metro PD officer pull out - mount on a hybrid of motorbike and jetski k n of with n as a " lode-runner " - sounding the siren -- S C h E E R reacting - the PD lode-runner pull ahead of he - he can not allow a police intervention - he slip in behind -- 126 . the metro PD officer - darting look back - headlamps b l i n d i n g he rear-view - another vehicle be come up behind he fast - - C L a N G - the straker I m p a C T S - glance the PD lode-runner which wobble , correct - the straker d be of p 's back for a longer run up -- T h E metro PD officer - yell into he headset - inaudible over the siren - the headlamps a g a i n - the vehicle come up behind -- - C R a S h - the PD lode -runner fishtail - its resistor suddenly clash with the prevaile polarity - a huge jolt of inertia - C a T a p U L T I N G the metro PD officer through the air - plummete down into obscurity - the straker W h o o S h I N G over he head - T h E PD lode - runner left spinning behind - resistor vie with the polarity - the drive system melting down - fusing , sparking -- - B o o m - the PD lode -runner explode in a flash of electrical FIRE - S C h E E R watch the fireball in he rear-view - there will be more police soon - he jam the throttle - he have to end this . lincoln seeing the straker Z o o m I N G up behind - veer round another corner - the chassis tilting - a steep banking turn - T h E corsair hull runners thudding across the buffer - recoil send the chassis up against the concrete - SPARKS flying -- S C h E E R turning the corner - the windshield suddenly spray with spark - jerk back on the throttle to avoid a collision - lincoln fighting to correct the steering - see the straker d be of p p i n g back - a chance to gain distance - jamming the throttle - a N intersection approaching - lincoln can not correct he steering in time - the corsair careen at full re over the intersection -- C R a S h I N G through a gate arm - the ground drop away into a steep ramp - suddenly the corsair be fly through the air -- C R a S h I N G - squealing onward - scudding across vehicle roof , finally nose-dive into a empty bay with a deafening crunch - 198 ext . entrance - holspar stadium - night the straker p u l l 's up at the smashed gate arm . in the booth , a holoserve p a be k i n g attendant greet the arrival with a smile - p a R k I N G attendant we l c of mae to holspar S t a d i u m , home of the Phoenix admiral , parking be fifteen currency unit ... 127 . scheer get out of the straker . he look down at the crashsite b e l of with . the parking lot , like a marina , be fill to capacity . a game be in progress . a corona of light come from the stadium . hoot , music , the roaring crowd . over which , siren can now be hear . scheer draw the syringe - gun and head down the ramp . 199 ext . parking lot - holspar stadium - night - minute later D u 's t bloom from the crashsite . S c h e e be crouch , peer down at the wreck corsair . the burst windshield , the dangle driver side door show he quarry have escape the wreckage . he rise and scan around . on the concrete , a trail of blood be visible . 200 int . storage area - holspar stadium - minute later the blood trail lead down a gloomy stairwell . the game be just audible overhead . lincoln stumble down the step , clutching he bleed arm . between pain and concussion , he lose he foot and fall . he tumble down the remain step to the bottom . I n the gloom we see groundskeep e q u i p mae n t , supplies - edger , aerator , spray rig , drum of insecticide , herbicide . for a moment , lincoln lie stunne . then hear a noise and roll over . he look up the stairwell . a shadow be descend towards he . W i t h painful effort , lincoln start crawl across the floor , eye fix on the shadow . tensing as a handgun nose out of the darkness . then a stadium security guard step into the light - S E C U R I T y guard you , what be you do down here ? N of with he see lincoln more closely - injure , he arm bleed . S E C U R I T y guard o h , Jesus ... be you okay , son ? lincoln ease a little as he see the security guard lower he weapon . then suddenly the guard be jerked back by the scalp . a hiss . now suddenly the guard jettison the handgun , clutching he throat like it 's on fire . with a boil gurgle , he stagger forward . stream with sweat . topple across a herbicide drum . convulse , belching steam . then suddenly he body fall slack . S c h e e be be at the foot of the step , discard the spend ampule from the syringe- gun . now screwing a fresh ampule into place . lincoln turn to he , realize what he 's just witness be a glimpse of he own fate . he push himself upright , brace . S c h e e be look at he . clutch he bloody arm , barely able to stay upright , but still ready to fight for life . he half - smile - 128. scheer I be jealous of you . you have a reason to live . I can not say I have ever have that ... lincoln hold he gaze , look deep in he eye . then , as if scared by what he see there , start inching away , glance at -- T h E guard body smoldering - lowering , melting through the drum - S C h E E R moving forward , the smile leave he face . a mask of hollowness as he move in on he quarry , the syringe - gun poise . lincoln stumbling - collapse to he knee - hang he head as if in surrender ... then suddenly he hand fly up - - B o o m - a flash of light as he fire the handgun - recover from the ground - a ENERGY pulse impact the wall , fizzling out -- S C h E E R keep coming , syringe - gun ready , blank - face , unflinch - T h E guard body crackling into flame - the drum split open -- - B o o m - another flash - lincoln fire again - clipping he enemy -- S C h E E R keep coming , a char wound in he shoulder , relentless - T h E guard body burning - slide into the sand of herbicide - - B o o m - B o o m - B o o m - lincoln keep firing - more hit than miss -- S C h E E R keep coming , blank face , he body pitting with impact -- a blinding flare of light - the herbicide igniting - the drum exploding - starting a chain reaction - other drum igniting - exploding - FIRE - smoke - engulfing all in a blazing inferno ... D I S S o L V I N G to : 201 int . top of stairwell - night - much later a cacophony of siren can be hear outside . a thick grey smoke gulch up from the stairwell . shadows be visible . the sound of extinguishers . a fireman climb up , emerge from the smoke , he pull off he breathe mask to address a wait PD officer - T h E fireman N of t h i n g . . . if there be anyone down there , they be a pile of ash now . F a D E to black . 129 . 202 ext . cemetery - some day later p e a c e . sunlight . a bell toll in the background . we make out Katherine , dress in black , stand at a grave . the headstone read simply : " here lies ester &amp ; her unborn Son - May they Rest in peace " . there be no date . Katherine lay down some flower then look across at Dr. abram . as he escort she away , we see crowne crossing towards they . she introduce herself delicately - crowne m be 's . ester ? my name be ellen crowne . 203 int . ceo' office - the sanger industries tower - day a celestial penthouse office . Katherine enter with crowne . merrick and Dr. sanger rise to greet she . strain solemnity . dr . sanger m y name be Henry sanger . I would like to offer my deep condolence . his insincerity be transparent . Katherine just nod stiffly . dr . sanger this be Bernard merrick we facility director . he know ester personally . merrick a d it 's a terrible loss . m of be e insincerity . Katherine nod again . then settles in a chair . crowne allow a respectful pause . then begin with due delicacy - crowne L e g a l issue must seem trivial at this time . but the sponsorship agreement have certain condition relate to confident - i a l i t y . D e 's p i t e this tragic t u be n of event , that condition remain bind . we want to be sure you understand that . katherine I see . crowne T h a t say , the Institute be likewise bound by the term of sponsorship and while we reserve every right ... katherine you can stop there . I know why I be here . you want to know if I be go to sue you for breach of contract . 130 . dr . sanger N of t h i n g so devious , Mrs. ester . we simply want to find some way to heal the wound from this incident . katherine I do not want restitution , Dr. sanger . the reason I agree to this meeting be to have the chance to talk to you . dr . sanger o for course . please ... katherine I never get to meet you when I visit the Institute . it be one of you sale - m e n who lead the tour . I remember how h e describe the agnate a 's if they be some kind of mindless organism . more like livestock than humanity ... crowne L e g a l l y , human rights do not apply . dr . sanger do not interrupt , ellen . katherine I remember how eager I be to believe he . but when I see with h a t I would create , in flesh and blood , when I touch h e be , it be I who feel less than human . dr . sanger I understand . he look at she expressively . perhaps he really do understand . katherine ester ' 's life be my responsibility and she death be my cross to bear alone . so I be not go to sue you , Dr. sanger ... ( b e a t , a sudden ominous tone ) but I be go to blame y of u . until the day I die , I will silently curse you name . that 's with h a t I want you to know . she drive it home with a horrible look . sanger accept it with due gravity . there 's a ugly pause . Katherine get to she foot . katherine a d now I would like to leave , please . 131 . crowne we do have other issue to discuss ... dr . sanger N of , ellen , that 's enough . I think Mrs. ester have say all there be to say . 204 ext . STREET - outside the sanger industries tower - day Katherine descend the step from the entrance . she cross to a black funeral sedan , park kerbside . D be . abram stand wait - D R . abram I hope you know what you be do . katherine I do not think they suspect anything . D R . abram J u 's t understand that I have put a lot on the line for you , Katherine . katherine I know ... but it feel good . it feel like something John would have do . 205 int . rooftop flightpad - the sanger industries tower C be of with n e escort sanger and merrick to the wait whisper . crowne we l l , I do not know about the two of you but I would say we get off lightly . dr . sanger do we ? crowne do not start get maudlin , Henry . it 's a little too late in the game . she shake they hand as they climb into the whisper . then watch it take off , ascend into the blind sunlight . D I S S o L V E to : 206 ext . the sanger institute - some week later a i be blast up from the giant funnel . widen , we re-establish the huge ring , the processing plant , the giant appendage of ducting , the immutable red rock . the shot sequence , reprising . from the processing plant , over the main complex . from the front of the complex , to the dock . 132 . follow the lodeway out to the perimeter wall . the gateway now glide open to disclose a view of the shimmer desert . out in the distance , the institute liner emerge from the shimmer . the crosshatch insignia . 207 int . entrance hall - the sanger institute - day T h r of u g h the polarize glass we see the liner have dock . a tour group be disembark . another parade of plutocracy , aging bloat I and brittle young woman . they filter inside to be greet by the courtesy staff , lead by the ever- perky lydia . lydia L a d i e 's and gentleman , my name be lydia and on behalf of we staff , I would like t of welcome you to the sanger Institute . before we start the tour , we will be serv - i n g be e for r e 's h mae n t 's in the visitor center and circulate we standard discretion agreement . I should add that today you be all very lucky because we ceo and founder , Dr. Henry sanger , be with we and will be lead the tour personally . 208 int . visitor CENTER - the sanger institute - day the tour group pick and mingle at a buffet . we isolate a casually dress man , lightly bearded , in a Phoenix admiral cap , crossing to lydia . she turn to greet he with a smile - lydia yes . . . Mr. Thomas , be not it ? the man tilt up to reveal he face . we see he be lincoln ... lincoln I can not find my sunglass . I think I leave they on the shuttle . lydia we l l we be about to start the tour . but I can have someone check for you . lincoln do not worry . I will catch up . 209 ext . processing plant - day lincoln move quickly along the wall towards the back of the complex . hugging the shadow , scan for onlooker . there be the processing plant and there , the ring of funnel . the sight bring a sudden rush of memory , painful memory , horror . 133. lincoln steel himself , then break from shadow and race for the nearest funnel . he make a run lap . his finger grab t h e lip of the funnel and he pull himself up . reaching the lip , he find the funnel mouth have be gridd of v e be . then he hear - a voice ( o.s. ) S i be , this be a restrict area ... lincoln lower back to the ground . he find himself face a technician in a hardhat . his uniform read " Air Processing " . 210 int . elevator - processing plant the door slide open and the technician enter , stiffly . then suddenly topple forward , pistol whipped from behind . lincoln enter the elevator , a familiar handgun clench in he fist . 211 int . elevator shaft L of of k i n g up a elevator shaft . the red pulse of the lode-pole , rippling downward as the elevator descend from the surface . 212 int . elevator - descending lincoln be now wear the technician 's uniform . he watch the panel light flash down . " level 3 : harvest " " level 5 : Labor decon " , " level 7 : Labor quarter " . his pupil be dilating but he face be set with determination . he know what he must do . his gaze drift down to " level twenty : agnate containment " . 213 int . the ether grid the holographic rendering of containment spin in the vault chamber like a giant geometrical phantom . the ether blink with blue dot in they hundred as the agnate g of about they day . 214 int . ether control room o v e be l of of k i n g the ether , ethercon sit at he console . the hiss of a open door as someone enter . ethercon look round . he greet the technician 's arrival with a inquisitive look . then the technician take off he hardhat . a crosshatch on he brow . ethercon react almost instantly , reach for the console . then instantly freeze as lincoln press the handgun to he skull . 215 int . corridor - level twenty seven p a l e blue light . ethercon lead the way down a silent corridor . lincoln follow he , the handgun firmly levell on he head . 134 . 216 int . chamber - level twenty seven the pale blue light sustain . the chamber be reminiscent of the foundation chamber . the wall line with tank . but instead of amber fluid , this contain block of ice . beside each tank be a grid of bio-monitors . E t h e be c of n stumble into frame , prodd by lincoln . then , with a tremble finger point to one of the tank . lincoln hold aim on he and consider the glass facet . he wipe the condensation off the glass . suspend in the block of ice be a shadow . a human figure . a device be attach to he stomach . lincoln look at the bio-monitors . a screen read : " p R o D U C T id : starkweather / foundation : ii / generation : delta " . lincoln look across the ekg , the cardiograph , indication that starkweather be still alive . then he fix on the RFI m of n i t of be . a resonant image of the brain . the shifting aura show a level of consciousness . what thought must be go through that mind ? the fate of the agnate 's p a be e d from expiration . to be keep on i c e for future harvest . with a haggard look , lincoln rest he hand on the glass where starkweather hang freeze . connect . 217 int . sale hall - the institute - day a embryo in mutate effigy hang suspend in the amber fluid . Dr. sanger stand at the wall of display tank , mid - way through he sale pitch . he deliver it now with noticeably less gusto - dr . sanger C a 's e in point , the clone . back in the beginning , the mapp of the human genome be declare a historic landmark - to break the curse of heredity , to correct congenital defect ... genetic engineering become the brave new world of medical science . a bright future that lead to a dark age and much of ... ( a n abrupt pause , a frown ) . . . l e g i 's l a t i of n we know today . but while the clone law may have narrow the field , science march on . only to ... ( a n of t h e be abrupt pause ) I be sorry , I be for ... S u d d e n l y he clutches he arm , emit a guttural gasp . lydia dr . sanger ? S a n g e be just look at she . then jolt from a spasm , claw at he chest . his knee buckle , he topple against a display case . paw at the glass , he slide dreadfully to the ground . 135 . lydia he 's have a heart attack ! a doctor ! somebody get a doctor in here ! the tour group keep they distance , unsettle by the face of mortality . sanger be now lie in contortion on the floor , he gape eye fix on the display tank . the embryo in mutate effigy , rock about in the amber fluid . the sight of this little human monster be one that will follow he to the grave . 218 int . director' office - containment the glass wall look down on the avenue and the agnate m i l l i n g beneath . merrick sit at he console . Business as usual . off a buzz , he tap a button . the door open and a censor burst in - censor S i be , I have be try to contact you . it 's the ether ... something 's wrong . merrick tap another button and the glass wall frost over . it pixellate of n t of a image of he own face . a record playback - merrick ( p/ B o N etherscreen ) we l l , starkweather , if you be watch on etherscreen - you time have come , my friend ! you be go to the Island ! p / B J U m p CUT to : starkweather running in a ultraviolet haze , meeting white uniform , zighagging over crosswalks , down ramp . merrick ( 's t a b 's at a key on he console ) E t h e be c of n ! ether control , come in ! p / B J U m p CUT to : starkweather running for he life , lurching from impact , hookhead B I T I N G into he back , spraying blood - merrick a y of n e ! somebody pick up ! p / B J U m p CUT to : starkweather dangling in mid - AIR like a fish on a hook -- scheer looking up at he like a curious zoo exhibit . censor that 's what I mean . we can not get through . the circuit be lock . p / B J U m p CUT to : starkweather clumping down a corridor , C L U T C h I N G he OPEN stomach , blood streaming down he legs . merrick how wide be this go ? 136 . p/ B J U m p CUT to : censor shrouding starkweather face with a white hood -- binding he wrist and ankle in plastic cuff -- censor C of m m u n i t y - with i d e , sir . everywhere . p / B J U m p CUT to : censor dragging starkweather away . the loop of intestine plumping from he belly . the bloodsmear o N the floor . 219 int . containment I N T E R C U T T I N G : agnates a t workstation watch on visor . in the subway watch on platform banner . in the plaza watch on the glass wall . a agnate in a apartment , watch on a wall panel . p / B J U m p CUT to : a still image of starkweather storage tank . T h E blinking grid of bio -monitor . T h E shadow in the block of ice . we be still in the apartment when the playback cut out . the agnate look around as every piece of glass dissolves to tran - parency . the mirror panel , the frost wall , the window , which now show no view at all . just the gleam of a holographic lens . 220 int . director' office merrick look down from the glass wall at the agnate m a 's 's e d in the avenue beneath . they be all look directly up at he . 221 int . ether control room alarm sounding . the ether grid blink with red dot . ethercon sit freeze at the console , the handgun press to he head . lincoln stand over he . his face cast in a chill of vengeance . 222 int . residential block - day a glass facade . a noise from within . a primal , guttural noise , building to a roar . now warping as we drop to slow motion . the glass webbing , burst open from within , the facade explode in a glittering shower of shard ... S L o W fade to black . 223 int . basement - a year later no window . no clue of where we may be . a safehouse somewhere . the passage of time be mark on lincoln 's face , careworn , long hair , a full beard . he sit in front of a data tablet , he image record on its screen . his voice also seem older as he speak - 137 . lincoln I t ' 's be a year since the breakout . a year in hide , wait for thing to quiet down . I do not know how many make i t out or how many who do , survive . I know there be people call politician try to say it never happen . that 's why I have keep this journal . to keep the truth alive . alive ... I have learn what that mean but it still confuse I . in functional term , I have be alive for ten year . in human term , more than thirty . human ... I be not sure about that one either . they say I be not human because I have no mother or father . I guess I have more to learn . but one word I do understand be hope . so maybe this j of u be n a l will give hope - to that like I , who may be out there . to know t h e y ' be e not alone . my name be lincoln S i x - E c h of and this be my testament ... he sit back , contemplate the screen with a air of closure . then he stir at a sound . at first just a gurgle . then a moan . become the sound of a baby crying . lincoln cross to a cot . he lift up a baby boy , 6 month old , bawling and squirming . a woman' voice ( o.s. ) be he hungry again ? I just feed he . ester step into the room , sleep -muss , she beauty deeppen by maternity . the baby reach out for she . lincoln hand he over - lincoln lincoln junior , huh ? it still do not sound right . that name . ester I t ' 's the name of he father . she lovingly kiss he . lincoln smile at she , then the baby , sweeping the hair from the forehead . unscarred , blemishless . lincoln we should finish pack . 224 ext . jetty - the pacific coast - dawn a private jetty stretch out to a pile of supply canister . a yacht be moor . we recognize it as John 's boat . and we recognize Katherine , hold the baby as lincoln and ester finish load . the last canister stow , lincoln come up to she . he smile at the sight of she with the baby . then prompt she gently - 138. lincoln time to go . Katherine hesitates , part of she unwilling to let the baby go . then she plant a linger kiss on he downy hair and let ester take he . lincoln present she with the data tablet - lincoln you will make sure this get out ? katherine yes . there be people sympathetic to the cause . I be go to get it to they . lincoln thank you , Katherine . for everything . he smile . Katherine point to a canister leave on the dock . katherine do not forget that . it have the operate manual for the boat . lincoln I have be look at they for month . katherine but the map , the chart ... lincoln ( b e a t ; a meaningful look ) I do not need they either . Katherine nod , understanding . nothing more to say , she hug he . then turn to ester with the baby . she fold they in a yearn , almost maternal embrace . tear well in she eye . then the sorrow turn to laughter as the baby start tug at she gray hair . 225 ext . the pacific - dawn the sun rise in the east , casting the coastline in silhouette . the light glow across lincoln 's face , at the helm of the yacht , stare back to the shore . he look at ester sit beside he , the baby swaddle in a blanket at she breast . then he look out to the west , to the soft reach of dawn and the boundless horizon of sea . there never be a island . but perhaps there will be ... T h E end