a v ) '' the stranger * temporary draft by orson welle , JOHN huston August 9 , 1945 missy . p : & fade in during the distant sound of a great clock toll the hour . on a white field we see the twisted silhouette of a demon . camera move down show this to be cass from a tree from the window outside . the curtain , full 's of moonlight , . be blow in the wind . a beautiful girl be lie in bed ( mary ) - her eyss be open . she be count the hour as the clock strike . something in the sound of it mkee she wince with pain . on the . sound track ( filter ) breathe , like the wind itself , over the strange , light music we hear the voice of a : man ... : man' voice ( rankin be ) it 's beautiful ... it 's beautiful that war ... through the wood , over - the little brook and through the cemetery .... dissolve to exteriv ? longstreet home night the terrace be bright with moonlight . slowly the french door from the live room open and the girl come out . she 1s fully dress , she carry a small package under one arm . camera follow she as she move across the terrace - across the lawn and off towards the field and wood stretch into the distance . a gust of wind blow the door shut with a loud bang , . exterior wood night a gbostly fi , under the moon , the girl emerge from the shadcw of the tree and reach a little stream at the edge . there be no hesitation as she oross on the step stone , only grim determination . reaching , the opposite bank , she hurry on towards the church whose spire point toward the moon in the middle distance , 2 . exterior the cemetery night unhesitatingly the girl pick she way through the row . of tombstone . again she hear , weirdly , through the ~ faint complaint of the wind , a man 's voice , kan' voice ( rankin be ) James longstreet , 1896°1917 , die for he country . noah longstreet , 1642-1863 . die a ~ for he country . William . longstreet , 1713-1794 . die for he country .... ahead of she loom the church , its rear door plainly in view . for a moment she hesitates , then contime . interior church night it be full of ghostly shadow and eminous half - tone from the moonl lent diffuse through the stain glass window , ' the girl enter the empty church . she move down the sidé aisle and go across a row of pews and go down the center aiule toward the open door lead into the vestibule , intericr vestibule night the girl , hold she package very carefully , begin to mount toward the belfry . camera stay on she as she climb . she come finally to a ladder . one ef its rung be miss . with she free hand the girl grasp what still stand upright and continue on - - up into the belfry . . dissolve to a town square new england night : townspeeple be gather under the moonlight ~~ man and woman alike . they carry shotgun , rake , basebell bat any kind of hastily gather weapon of protection . some be in various stage of hasty dress , all be move toward the church . : exterivr church night wey angle the townspeople be converge on the church from all direction , — . exterior church night still another angle _ a plerce scream be hear . 3. the scream be so high that it be impossible to tell whether it be uttere by a man or woman , dimly on the ledge below the clock ze see , high above we , two figure apparently lock in a death struggle . it be ditficult to see mich in the shadow but it look as though this figure be , respectively , male and female . a buge gasp breathes from the crowd below as the two figure , seem to clutch at each ether , teeter and fall toward we through the darkness . camera swoops down with this but we cannot see the figure fall to earth , they arc block off by the back of the townspeople which now be silhouett sharply against the sky . & low excited mutter run through the crowd , then votce be distinguishable + New England voice . first voice I do not see it . you say they both fall ? ' - another voice yes , both of thom . together . another voice in crowd - ° know who they werc ? the murmar cease here . there be a short pause . one of the voice I do not know anything about it . think will will ever hear what really rappencd ? still another voice ( slewly ) I wonder ... who be he ? fade out pade IM - MAIN titlz . 4 the stranger ( as the screen darken , a sort of combination pade ouT und dissolve ) , thore now glow out of the screen the distort fece of a grimace demon . camera racc back to disclose the demon mide of iron emerge thro a dark portal through the side of the same massive clock we s&w on the belfry . supcrimpose over this be yd o~ . 4 . the MAIN title the stranger credit title be superimpose over the follow - the iron devil move across the face of the clock sword in hand the angel pursue the demon as the heavy chime within sound stridently the hour of midnight . pade out y fade in *. blue sky Day gamera pan don a long narrow window to reveal wilson . al face be grim as he listen to men' voice off scene . wilson leave the cell door open , that 's @ll there be to it - let hin escape , *\ first voice ( a English accent ) in my view , it 's all very irregular . '' , it might entail the moat embarrassing ie repercussion <- '' second vorcE ( prench accented ) exactement . it be a responsibility of the first magnitude . . fie.ut voice I be sorry , ur , Wilson , out you - must see .... suddenly , without warning , Wilson turn on they . eis. voice be sharp with suddenly release rage , vilsom . blast all this discussion . what good be word .... ( gosture with he pipe ) I be sick of word . hang the . repercussion and the responsibility . if I fail ... I will be responsible . you can threaten I with the bottom pit of hell ... and still I insist . ( he pound on the desk for - emphasis , the pipe still in he hand ) this obscenity mst be destroy . you understand ? destroy ! the stem snapa and the pipe fall in two piece on the dea , . fade out - y 8 . fade in 17 . '' exte\ior deck 8 . 8 . simon bolivar - night close shot : wilecn 's hand , a it write with incredible neate ness in a emall notobcok : . " 12 octoher : arrive seuth amorica . dock 4:00 p.m . " the han¢ restore though netebcok the a pocket and produce a pipe . a band of tapo '' ind the fracture ston , 18 . _ exterior deck night from the top deke , camera ts shootin= écwn on the lower foro - deck , which 1g lichtee sy orisht seorchlirht , in which the s¥oatin : face cf though passenezcre shine in the hrt trepic nicht . on though dock t¢ @ lona table , behin ? which a ation offiotal and the ship 's purgor bit site hy side . oppesito thom ore linod $ B ship 's passenrcr , ag shabby lockin as the ship itsolf . 19 extenion lower deck night the immisration official poachd cut and take a passport fren the man ‘ircetly in frent at hin . tmacgruation offictal ( eallin out the ramo from it ) aust popedoscu . ( the purser check a nano off he list . the orfictal speak in Spanish ) yrur '' ugliness in this country , senor ? the man shruva helplosaly . Tho official trioa en-lish ) you husiness in this country , soaner ? popodescu commoreial . Tho official , with - ut further anc , stamp hia ppaseport ard honda it back to hin . official ( weartly ) next , ploaagc . da though official oxamino the roxt persrn , the camera swing sligeily the focus on meinixe though next in line . hig lip move in a srundloss rhythm of " T a travelin~ for my health ... ioan travolin- for my hoalth .. , # ( continued ) 7. 19 ( continue ) . a : . offictal ~~ : ( calline off name ) . . helone *e vries . you '' usiness . to . thie ccuntry , sonera ? madame do vry T be join ny bushand . fficial . 01 ( atampin the pageport ) next plessa . meinike shuffilos the necoaeary step forward end oxtond he passport with trom*lin : : fincor , he ' lip continue to move . official ( wath samo casuainess a he - pona though passport ) stefan polowaki . as ho proncunce the name , ho =lancos at meinixe . Tho purser makos ote chock mark ant ho , tee , leok up . thon the official turn back to the passport . : insert ; the pasport ~ bearin meinixe be almest unretomizarle piotire , it attest cm phat though hoaror be stofan polowski , age 46 , a native of orsaw . 20 . back to scene official ( leoktne up at leinize ) you business , soner ? meinixe , once asain complete he silent ropotition of the phrase , thon speak it aloud . . meinixe T be traveline fcr my hoalth . 4s he speak the official clance upe 21 , exterior upper deck night wilson , loanine arainst a pillar , remove dead pipe with its tape stom from hotwoon hig lip an’ rap though tnvort hewl twico atainst though talling . then he oxamino though pipe to make sure it ig empty . 22 . at the table the offictal stamp meinike be passport and hanfts it hack to hin . meinixe - rasp the passpert with a tremble hand , turn ( continued ) -) 8. 22 ( gcntinue ) } and hurry off with 4 etranco shuffle , half trot . the getietal 's eye follow he . then he snap back to the buse nese ° . , offical - noxt ploaso . . dissolve to 23 . exterior dock = nighy stovedrre saw the '' : iank intc place . '' at its hoat , first in ltne of paseencor waitin to aobark , be '' & worn 's valiso clutch in either hand . the sate opone , he hurry down at a half trot . 24 . exterior deck wilson , he unlichto® pipo '' etwoon he tooth , stand at the rail . he romvo the pipe mf , as hefore , rap the invert oa howl twice acainst though rail . 25 . extenion dock marvale , a on-ualr argentinian with of eaturnine face , turn be meva allontly off after tha hurry firure of weitere . 26 , exterior deck wilson , rofillinc kis pipe frem a wear pouch , m-vos unburried= ly towards the ganz plank . dissolve to : 27 . tnterior HOTEL room night throuch the open window the harter be visihle . Tho acar open anf , wilson anter , follow sy a pellhay , carryine he lucsaro . Tho y pute the luccatc dewn an’ of juste though window as wilson tokea eff hat anf oat . belleoy anythine olso , senor ? wilson < tves he a coin . the bry exit . alone , wilson opon one of he dac ant romeve thorefrem a pair of well wear slipper which ho put -n . then he tako cut a pound jar of ene . = tevacco and a ‘irk . that ho carrios acress tc a tablo . unbutt -nin he vost , he refill he pipe and , seating himsel ? , pick up tha broek , 28 . insert : the book in 3 ts hand . the titlo 1s " clock ... thein eistony and construction " , hig hond turn though paco the a seokmart tewart the ond cf the volume . theo tolephone rinvt , c) 9 . 29 , back to scene wilson pick up the telephone . fil ( into phone ) yes ? so . . interior daug store night Beyond a crowded counter , see threush the close door of a _ telephone broth , marvale 1s speak . 31 . interior ' telephone booth : marvale ( inte instrument ) Ho have preceede4 to though farbrisht kennela . he arrivod there at 9:43 . ( a pauso ) tt be undorstend , soner . dissolve to 32 . exterigr faabright kennel niget close shot 4a enermous german police deec , fang barod , leap forward , growl . aman 's forearm meet though do 's charge and the fong close on the arn as gamera full back tc a trainer , within a wire convo , wrostlinz with the deec . in hia richt hand he carric a heavy whip which ho crack , drivine the deec back . ear xe hoavily paddod and ho wear a wire mak the pron ic 8 face . ta b.2. , behind wire , sthor dor leap hith , barkinz wildly . camera tilt up the a ' udldine adjoinin the cate . on ite poof , light sy fleca livht , ig a sign which proclaim this to bo the farbaght kennel . '' 500d trained and care for . : from a upper windew , meinike look down on the scene ' elow . 33 . interior upper room night Tho horkin= continue offscono . meinike 's attention be taker from the scene below hy a door openinc . he turn towards the door whore atand f. ght . he wonr breech and boot . Tho two mon face each cther for a lon= pause , meinixe 's assurance fade og fahbaight held he in he stare . finally , farbicght close the dnor and crease to a desk at which he seat hinsol ?. unable to stand the strain any lon-er , dreak though silenco which hag ondure give fcr the unceasin= dark frem helow , : 33 ' cont would , . , 10 , a meinike I hope vou remember I , sir , I remember you . farbright ( coldly ) I remember . , meiniz bow humbly and fumble unnecessarily with he necktie . : : farbright how do you account for you presence here ? meinixe I be seek information as to . the whereabouts of '' alther kubn . . parbright not why be you here ... but how ? ( confuse ) . I obtain a passport at cracow , a use the nome of stefan polowski . ~ I then go to salonika where I qa fool ship . the voyage take eleven se ' farbright why be you not hang ? again meinike make that futile gesture of touch he necktle . . meinize they set I free . parbright ( in exactly the same gonvorsational tone ) pardon be not grant without reason , something vas give in ex for you see money porhapey shore the authority bribe ? meineke they go only vongcance . a parbright ( study meihixz through sh , narrow oye ) . tf that be all they go , they would certainly have hang you . " 33 cont would . 1 the farbright ( cont would ) ( meinixe again tug at the kmot of he tile ) Zow about information ? ( he rise ) what do you tell thom that make fhen willing to give you back you 'e meinike I tell they nothing . ky cell door be leave open . I walk out . it be as simple as that . the silence fall again . mbeinixe be aye can not sustain the strain of face he inquisitor and fall to the floor , farbrigh ? I neod not remind you there be method by which though whole truth can be ascertain . veltire : ' I tell they nothing . I ' mow nothing . dissclve to 34 . : : . closeup of a hypodermic syringe be prime . camera pull back to include a white coat attendant who be prepare the injection for weinikd , beside whom he stand . the dog trainer stand on the other side of he . farbright , as usual , sit behind the desk . meinife ( a thin band of sveat : break out on he forehend ) once you be convinced I speak the truth , you will toll I where to find walther kuhn ? . ( the mon do not reply . the attendant sink the needle into leiuike be arm ) tt ls a matter of the utmost importance . ' farbright nod to the erstwhile dog trainer , fafer . faber you nana ? since ( patiently ) conrad meinike . fa place of birth ? yy 34 cont would , meinike kurstin . ' | faber date of birth ? meity 9 August , 1898 . ( he pause ) . zi be name after my grandfather ... my maternal grandfathor .. who be postmaster until he 68th year when he be retire . wy fathor 's name be also conrad meinike . ( recite this fact he voice take on a dreany quality , monotonous yet loud . bver the scone there be the sound of dog barice ) he be originally from harsfeld , come to kurstin at thirty one year of age . he marry my mother , Maria paasen , soon after and I be they first child . thad two brother and one sister , the eldest be killod and the other brother be a cripple from the tar . my sister , a widow , reside in kurstin . faber nod to farbright who rise , stick he crop in he boot . fareriget when wero you place on trial for you life ? . meinike -( in the same flat monotone ) on the fifth day of April . farsright where do though trial take place ? heinike at raba . it be near cracow . . farbriget you be find guilty ? heinike yos , farbright and sentence to hang . meinike that be the judgment of the court , ~ 34 cont would . 13 '' fareright while you be await execution , question be put to you ? lsinike yose parsright what question ? keinike if I know the whereabouts of that with whom I have previously be associate . farsekight what oanswor do you give ? feinike I do not answor . . farbright do they not try to force answor from you ? ksinike they do not uss torturo . parbrigst be a drug ovor adminicter , as on this occasion ? yeinike fhey do not use drug . : farsright ( suddenly harsh ) why wero you not hangod , conrad heinike ? Tho reason ! tell itl mebinike shcke he head . his voice have a hollow ring to ite he call out he answor , as though at some distance from he questioner . eeinike I think ... think there be no human reason . I think God deliver mo . I think it be one of his miracle . fareright so you boliove in ged , do you ? . methike I beliovee _ : 14. 34 ( continue 2 . ) C : farbri gh oo ( try a new tack ) why deo you want to see walthor kuhn ? what be a impertant abeut it ? '' ueinike I havo of moseacto for he . . , fanbright from whom ? from the all hicshest . the threo man inatinctivaly atiffon . fareriget be hool actually click . pareright why 424 you net toll we this hofere ? meinike because though mossazo ts nly he . walther kuhn . first 's ane last . ths three mon oxchanse a awift - lance . farbright eress to ' he dosk mo scribbles a fow werd on a slip cf paper . ( a : fareriget will , you ( as ho '' ro so ) contrat ae be alecpy porhap no ; ilotaixe ? ' meinize yos . TI havo not sleep in a vory lonr time . . fanaricat thon '' ~ the alceop . and when yeu wako upsee hendine he the acte ) eoptake this the whem it be address . ee will make the necessary arran‘oment ae . dissolve to 35 . interior wilson's room nicht oe @ small table in though errnor a tray '' car the romain cf n's dinnor . drosso¢ in pyjomas on 's ' rossingc scm , . wilson , pipe in meuth , stutic the '' ook on clock . Ho 's read a passane and then turna sack a pave to rercat a few lino . 15 . 35 ( continue ) =~ . satisfied , he lay the ' ook dow ant turne to though play ecard , laid out in a complete ‘ut unwon come of aclitaire . he mix though card , cather thom up , and shuffles thom , pre- paratory to startin : a now '' ame . : the telephone rinca . he pick up the inetrument . yos ? ( into pheno ) sé . interior telephone booth night beyend the close foer cf though acoth , the activity of the drug - store gocs on in *.2. , no scund thorofrom intrufe en mary . at the inetrunent . marvale - ( inte phone ) Ho leave though konnel at 10:38 , on foot . Ho 1s travelin~ ecutheast towards though waterfrsnt . he appear to have see undcr the influonce of a mareotic . , my wife 1s chservine . he pause to hoar whnt wilson replic ) . unterstend . , Ho will not he lose . as bo bant up : exterior a deserted STREET night meinixe , oyo tlazod , mcvoa down it , camera truckin= ahead of '' Ram . his jjorky shufflo , move lense jjrint than ever , speed he forward . eig han@ clutches the papor civon he vy farbxighi . his lip m.ve coaseloasly in a gountloss '' abhle cf near hystoria . , sufidonly , the darkness sohiné he ig break as a windowehate fly up rovoaline a rocm lichtof +y a unshatod lamp pulb , bansinz from the cetlinz . it cut a ' read path of licht alonz the cobble street past meinike , in though windcw , stanis a shoap and gaudy crucifix . meinike atrp , transfix , he eye stare at the sround bofore him . . 37a . the STREET from meinike's angle etchod in the path of licht be the miashapen shadcw of the crcas . the STREET , with meinike starinx acwn at the symhel of man' be ~ aomption . Ho stasmor towards it ani fall the he kneos . 16 . 37 a ( continue ) meinixe ( sobbine forth the , word ) I understané . I shall not fail . ' I understand . . the shade in the wirlow 1s pull 4own , a woman 's coarse lauzh dreak though silenco . meinike be loft starin ? at - the dark cobhlostr - nos . Ho shake he hoa ? tc clear it ... strur7le to he foot .. , and shufflos on , anxiously . meinize ... ( a coagoloss monotone ) iz shall not fail . I shall not fail . I shall not fail . - dissolve to sa . meinike's passport held in a man' hand attendant's voice very inferior paper . and the print 4s much tso heavy . camera pull back 70 full shot of room . in f.2. , meinike stand norveusly *esife a ascptically clad artetpsnt of the city mcrmue in a reom cf ghininy whitenesa ... tile floor , white wallis , stecl ca*inota . on he leave foct , he wear a sneaker . eis not foot be ‘aro , as ho have '' con interrupt while parin > hig tronail . weh the onsuinc scene , he continue with the toonail business . thore aro not window in the reom and the hert unvaryiny lisht caste no shaficw . aside from though attendant be feak , the enly article of furniture be a motal autopsy table in backwrrunt . the attendant complete he ex= amination cf the passport . . attendant ( cant ! ) all in all ... a vary peor ich . but no mattor . . ( olosin= though passport finally ) it have sorvoé ite purpose , ( pute cn ritht shee , risog ) dnd now , stofan peloweki , it 1s timo for yeu the ada . meinixe recoil . Tho attendant lauch at he cwn macahre wit . . attendant De n'¢ se afraid , yeu be not to die . only the namo en the passport . come on . camera precede then as though attendant lead the way inte a adjoinine room , as white and aseptic as the first , with the same unshadowec li-ht . a icn lane run the lencth of the reom , om olther site of which 48 a row cf marble slab , where lie livelesa fisure , decently shreud . . 38 cont would . i?- N or not you be a very lucky fellow , if you only !mow it , ncinike . very ofton day go by , yometine wock , while we wait for a sulicblo alternate . ( not step beforo one slab ) this fallow mst have know you wear come . ( toss the passport on though slab ) se dio stofen polowski . ( remove identification card from a metal slot on the slab itself . ) Long live Philip campo . bear in this eity . forty four yoar old . bookmaker . unmerriod . -- 39 . .. interior televechr bocte ' night waterfront street scence in deg . at the tclophone be senora marvale , a housewife in ler middle forty , a gold band on hor wedding finger she onl > jowelry . sshor larvile ~~ ( inte phone ) j . he be now for : : the norguc , senor . ne Ho have be there alrnady for six . minuto . ( sho chuckle softly } do not be surprisnd if ho rorain shere . fron he appearance it 's whore he belong . sho paugose .. ethen with a little langh ) tt 1s understand , sonor , 40 : thterior morgue night in the cuter office , the attendant be at a open drawer of the filing cabinet .. freon it he produce a passport which he hand to leinike . oo attendant : there you ore , soncr carpo . this zt will find a really good job . vorything in ordor but the photograph , ( hand he a card ) = this man iz ecpon oll night . you will find he picture have dust the right ~ degree of fuzziness . meintez ( take though thing ) youe . C ' on 40 conttd . 18. attisdant good luck . he return to ais dosk ond pic 's up a ungazino '' the roading of which nas beon interrupt by ueiiiiset visit . leinie place the passport and photograzher 'a card in a innor pocket , thon button he cost . ut still ho make no move to ge . he clear he throat ond wet he lip , he ogitation increasin= , his cye dart back and forth between though atishdayt and the floor . then , suddenly : heit ( im a loud voice ) I wish to mov the whereabouts of walther xuhn.e Tho atlendaw ? leol :s up zlowly , nis oye narrowing . &2ten dirr {( slorlz} there be not valthor < ubn . yalther kuhn be doad ... ecnd cromitod . usinike clenches . 4 acar-lite :. gingenal line show on pis forchead . his ose nov ar neld and angrye . keinice ( shouting ) it 's 9 corm.anid . ( nic votco lowur but its tntonusity ' penain ) T have a =casare fer valthor kuhn . prom the all ulghest . attemdatt _ ( ancortainisz ) it 4s forbidden , ( he voice high and plerce ) I gommand yon in the name of thet suthority . tuvoke this power pull the atteidant to he foot , intimidate , mte still uncortein . ja move agein to the metal filo and pulle oren 4 drawer . thon hositate . meinike be eye , hot with oxoitonent , be rivete on hin . his voice rise . : reike understand . 4 command . 19 . C sy 40 ( continue ) the attendant turn ' ack to the open ' drawer ané ccneult the record within . then he scrawl something on a slip of paper . attendant ( handins meinike though paper ) '' memorizo the name ... thon doatory a. ( geudetagly ) Connecticut . in the United States , Tho tom of harper . meinike take the er an’ read it eamorly . his lip scunélessly repeat the namo that 1s write thereon . then he produce a m:toh , licht the pepar , @repe it , still flame , inte on ashtray . this do , ho turn swiftly and hurry out . fade ow tade in ow . exterior harper clock tower day the clock 's hand arc still , point to twelve minute of five . Tho angel , now dull iron with only a fow streak of its gilt clingin= the it , stand rict sword in hand , almest in the center of the clock . ° camera pull back to roveel the clock , incongruous in the neat austerity of a now encland church tower . camera now swing and pan down to dtaclose though harper tawn squaro , frontin a green arcund which though township itaalf be elustore , cradle hy the gontle slope of the shire foothille , directly grposs to the squaro , wide etcne gate load inte the areund cf though earper scheel . the schncl suilding front a well kopt lawn , strotching off cn oiticr side of the read run hetweon the sate . as c.mera move down toward satz , 4 areup of sys oress though lawn towards the campus a . : dissolve thru to 42 . : : the school gate . in immodinte f.~. , be a bronze plaque : . harper school for boy . or the bey como inte camera range and camera meve with then se across though stroct . tw of the ny , furman and hollister ore about 17 . the third , noah longstaeet , ie the yore that junior . dn unruly lock ef hair fall across he frrehoad . 8 oyo be bricht and alort . furman hastings punt setter than Brown ... and possos hettor ter ... but brewn be twico as seed as hastings en the dofonsa . noah ( songultine a notobeck produc eo tafe clovon mere tackle in the tirst threo snne . hollister hore 's though lineup as I seo it . hastinzs , full wack . hope , richt halt . allon , leave halt . and , of crurse , russoil will the quartor . noae ( after a scennt 's thrucht ) if hastine ig rine in , '' uldé not tt o~ ee wunt atrategy to have Brown os eee 42 cont would . , . bye o. . they have , by now , cross the street and be about to enter — _ a store frent on the square . in one window thereof be & display of pie , cake and candy , in the other ; fountain pen , stationery , school room supplies . over the door be a sign : potter be Henry Potter proprietor «= roadster pull up to the curb , in b.g. , and mary longsyreet , a gird ace 24 with a charming forthright manner , lean over of cide . : . mary hey , nean ..- the boy all turn as sho neta out of the car , follow by red , a setter dog ... nose '' hello , Mary . ( punetilicusly ) Bay I present ire turman and lr. hollister . cy sister , marye < , ( equally rely ) if equally gravely a N ; _ Mr , furman . hr. solligtor the twc boy murmur how do you do 's . hollister ( gellantly ) we be just go in for a seda . weuld you care to join we ? elrt thank you . sut I have score errand . uso woaH ) * sco you at dinner . sho smile in farewell to the boy and move on down the stecst , . the boy look cfter she . furmaz ( the aan of the vorld ) vary attractive ... . you sistere . for a girl . they go on into the ster , . 43 . interior potter' dar 4 . in the center ave half c dozen tablos , two of which be occupy by boy fren the scnacol , have soda . 43 cont 'd. oo . 226 down the right side of the store be a soda fountain , behind which , on counter , be hono onde ple , etc . qn the other side of the store , at front , be of news stand . counter display all the iten that harver student might require , from a eraser to a catcher 's nitt . er . potter , & lanky New englander , in a immaculate white goat '' ant woaring & starch collar , be behind the soda on ° : the three boy approach the counter , Road good afternoon , Mr. Potter . : potter see the judge get honc . woan he arrive last night . : potter phone in a half hour ago . want you to bring horie a box of cigar . soa itll be glad to . oturn to the other ) what will jou have ? fur chocolate nil . hollister samo . but with alt . moar T will have that too , please . ( point to table ) wetll ait over thore . they move towards table . through the windey , hary , load with bundle , can be scen as she get into she car , follow by red . 44 . exterior potter' day hart ' throw the car into gear and drive off . she pass two mon , lundstrul and rakein , move dom the street . lundstrun - ( in the middle of @ sentence ) eceand I tell Doctor hobson that , in ny opinion ... mo 44 cont would . 29 . on . lundstrul ( cont would ) Mo ( he raise bis hat to mary : who wave in return . aaikin be pee turn as he eye follow v eoemore frequent examination be the only solution to tue problen . thatts justice longstroet 's daughter , - girl . ( without change he tone ) if you agree with I , 1 do wish you would mention the subject to the doctor . I do feei so keenly that it 's the one way to keep the boy on the qui vive . they have reach the entrance to Potter 's . : rabkin let 's take lot up at faculty meoting , shall wet ? lourdstrueh excellent suggestion . xcellent . welle - . I oust act alon hore . Mrs , lundstrum will be vorriod , hodding ferewell , ho hurry off . rankin ontor potter 's. 43 . . interior potter' day rankin enter . Ho grect the boy by name and they all _say " go afternoon , sir " , . + potter you book cane today , try ranking point ) pind tom in that pilo back thore . . rankin oree thanks very muck . he crossos towards the pile of book on a back countor . ' 46 . rarkin 4t ccunter be thumb through the half dozon book . thoy be oll historical or biographical . one be entitle the growth of lo . he look up from ite . . rabkin o~ oh .. longstreet . in beg , noah rviscse '. '' 46 cont would . : 24 , hadi yes , sir . ee come forward . ' there be a reluctance in he manner which mignt well be natural shyness . ranetoa here 's that take I rantion to you . fe band it to the boy . torah . thank you , sir . I shall return it very promptly . rankin no hurry . any time . ( suddenly conscious of it ) I be sorry , I djid not mean to take you away from you soda . ' we. nod end the boy cee back to nis table . rankin , book under nis arm , cross pect fotter . rani just put this on ny bill , will you , of . Potter ? potter already do . . rahkie nod and exit . medium shot at ' '' noaa n be ' : wols furlan what do ke want ? - nose :. he have a book on a subject I and very interested in , anthropology . sollister do you take history from rankin ? ( 30 a h_ nod ) waat 's he like ? boar oo e's a wary good teacher , T think . I mean , 12 he '' geod egg ? 47 contid . : 25 . woag ( after a slight hesitation ) Z do not imow , J suppese so . ( revert ig tc a earlier discussion ! it still think thet Brown should be in the game from the start . putney have a very strong offense ... dissolve to 48 . . ow 4 high rill , at the end of a srec line driveway , the longstreet home look out over the antire valley . radkin , drive en open roadster , sull to a stop in front ef the house and gs up to tie front door and ring the bell . it ts cpen by SARA , a white aproncd may who have be in e the longstreet servico for mere than tairty year . ac . - interior longstreet hall rankin face SARA whose baci : be to Cal era . rankin good afternucn . be justice longstrest ct home ? sar . ( step acid for he ) if you will cere to , sir . I will just go sec . : ( as sho clese the doar ) Tho shall 1 say to call , please ? rkin ie rankin . I be from the . School . SARA ( sho lead the var . across though hall ) t# you will just wait in kere , sir . rlmkin thank you . 50 . istsrior lcegstroet drawing rocu day radeis enter 2 room sich with well polished old panell and mahogeny , dominate by the portrait of a lovely woman . he look avound until he eye fall on a grandfather 's clock in onu corner ony pro 50 cont would . 2s . he cross quickly to stand in front of it , he aye follow the pendulun 's be with almost hypnotics datensity . at the sound of quicl footstep on though terrace , he turn and cross to the portrait . the door ts throw open to admit lary . she woar riding clothes . rid be at she heel . she stot at dissovor a unexpoct visitor . : ay _ ( turn the she ) how do you do , iiss longstreet . I be Charles Zaonkin . , hary how do you do . ramkin I be wait to see you father . mrl oh..spleaso ait dow . ramiin theait voue ( out , instead , he turn to faco nid , alttii ; immobile survezing hin . ye snap hia fingor at tne dog . meintain he calm . judicial poiso , raukie smile ) where 's fouh ? instantly the dog aprine the life , tail wag . leugh . ye turn to mary . ' a EES ( cont to ) self defonse , wothin ; - give ono suocl , be inferiority complux as a sotter vhon he assume that judicial pose . sno feel one 's face the wisdor of the age . it 's very disturbiag to one 's erce yary llaurh with nim . 3 : you lmow uy brether ? rarely very well . rain before not can explain wurticr , saki appear in the doorway . '' 0 cont would . , 7. . SARA . the juige would like you to come upstairs , if you ploasc , or . rankin . mwc in ( to marz ) Excuse mee Ho follow SARA fron the room . Tho clock . chime four which ghispel vary be momentary revery . she start out of the poor. . : 51 . interior callat ulry enter as lucy , another may , enorge from though kitchon , carry 4 toa trare _. war ntake the tray from ner ) let I , Lucy . wey oh , 's ilss tarzecevoun have mot to drcase dre lawronce sail ho would the hero at five . : iary - ( on she way upstairs ) iteve tinc . - . halfway up , she mect sla , on hor way down . she stop . tare ( in a vhispor ) who be he ? sai ( whispore 509 ) from the sanocl . . Ire che she continucs on <p , 22d at hor hecl , end disappear around the curve at the hoad of the stair . 52 . interior judc longstnedt's study dat the room be furnish with the wood of the judge 's own now England ; pino and maple and cherry . srass student lamp and lantarn , use for eneration and only wire in this one , tive light by night . personal picture cover the well ; photograzh of tie family that have peovle this house . alonz one yall be a cabinet , well fill with fishin : rod . $ 2 cont would . 28 , tha judg , on vacation now , wear a wear pair of flannel and a looce tweed jacket in the lanel of which be stick several trout flias . like he eon , he be the victim of one recalcitrant locic of hair which hang down over he fore . ee tilt back in a old fashioned rock chair , listen attentively to rankt :. ratk it ( 4n the middle of a sentence } eeethich be why I have takon the liberty of call on you . the door to the roou ls push open by hart be foot . then she onter , red richt behind '' er . : ward - porgive I . i'i3 only be a moment . ( pattine comm the tea tray ) T sha not interrupt yous judge lokcstreet ( riging , as do rankix ) come in , harye . come ine kr. rankin , my daughtor . - eary ve meet downstairs . judc levastrosr ( dvopping back in his. chair ) do not run away , uary . this be abort 3 ( to rakim ) in this family we alwar decide thing in sroup assembly . it 's a corporatio : . do go on , ir . rankin . elt ( pour ter ) etle or lemon , =. pankin ? rue nelthar , ' hark you . < 2 15 come from ths note ( she hand hin a cup @s he turn back to she father ) 50 cont would . a9 - rankin ( cont ! a ) tt seem to I , judg : longstreet , that hoah < might get a better , more round education out of school for a year then in . after all , he 's mich young then most dvoy about to enter college . mary what would you suggest have he do in that year ? rankow ( smile ) I do not mean the grand tour on a luxury liner . I suggest he be give some moderate amount of money ... say twelve bundre doliar ... and turn loose with the understanding shat he 's on he own for a fear ste see the world . tf I mow the ot be would not get into any trouble .. and it might he a world of good if he do . juzge longstrect ( very interested ) you lmow ... this be a extra suggestion come from a pedagog . Travel , mary I only wish lot . rankin have be on the faculty at '' iss holbrook ! 's where I go to school . rankin the idea apreal to you , miss longstreet ? mary very mon . rano ( quiskiv ani easily without ostentation before the war , we great institution of learn try to instill in they student a veneration for the status quo . jt be as though there be some vast conspiracy to make the young believe that they be live in the best of all possible world . ' that it be they moral ‘uty to see that no change occur , so long 18 the hed power to prevent it . . mary lean forward in she chair , she tea forget , she hand motionless on red be heac . 3 " , ramcin ( cont would ) the tsagedy be that this heir of power and position be never to know anything of life . so we country 's destiny , for the most part , lay in the hand of man train to resist change and who have never be expose to the reality of life sco that they sould renognize the necessity for I nual eat oft tem ) , you e . sor should ' mow more of the world than he oan see through a class room / window . julgt longstreet an¢ what do nonh ~—. himself think of the idea ? rauein oh , I have not stall to he about I do not want to tet he hope up if you be go to disatprove . mary . well ... if he do not at it , that would the proof positive that he need just such a experience . RA ( rise ) in any event , you have month in which to make a decision , judge longstreet . . ( smile at mary ) you and the reat of the corporation . ( rise ant haeine hand } ts thank you very mch for come , Mr. rankin . we be very grateful to you fer you interest in meah . -.. 's art f£'ll take you down , Mr. rankin . interior hallway s53 cont would . a= no , mr ) 34 . oo traveling shot , as mary and rankin , follow by red , come downstairs and cross lower hallway to front door . mary how lon have you ‘een at harper , i. rankin ? 84 cont would . 31 , rankin lest year be my first . mary panny we have not meet before , 's rankin I stay rather close to campus . camera pan they scross to door . mary - well ... as a matter of fact , I be in Washington with daddy most of the time . ( give he she hand ) but I hope you will not see fit to stay so close from now on . rant ( shatin > hanas ) thank you . goodhre . he go out . many , profile to camera , stand in the doorway , watch he as he go down the step . Beyond hin , 4 tonne palis up and dr . japfrey lawrence alighta . he and rantin meet . 55 . suttricr drivfvay aaneth and lavronce iatrince hello , there . be not you off beund ?. rankin . extra curricular activity . how ere you ? . laurence too jarn busy . . see you Thursday , I hope . lawrzics I be plan on it . tiley nod in farewell . rankin move on down driveway . iauroncs , santa panning wit he , toe toward housa . he see many , stand in doorway . : rott ( call to she ) hey ... I think you be go to be ready . 85 cont would , . skin mary iam. fractically . . ( give he she hand ) come on ine . he enter the iouse and mare close the door . $ 6 . xd rior longstrett live roow dary lead the way inte the room . '' go a drink ? lasrufcr too eurly in the day for I . ( sendin= over to pat red ) red.. show be you ? i ( hack to he , as she squirt some soda in qo class ) vert . lacnare ua tam ? . mat who be Charles rankin ? laywrtyce ( premptly ) good man . teacher at the school . we bowl togetier on Thursday nicht . mary he 's very attractive , ( palsy - ' S you too ? wary no .. really . ( quietly ) he have a extraordinary quality . ( lawkutce look at she quickly ) . ( her eye be stoady under he ) I have never meet a person one trust so t‘mplicitly , so immediately . ( she eye drop ) I will go ‘ress for the tea partr . $ 6 cont would , ( as she start out ) make it sneppr . mrt ( turn in doorway ) where do you dowl , Jeff ? tayrence over in Newton . want to come along on Thursday ? : mary yea . I would like it . fade out vade in 7 . . long shot ship at sza ( stock ) night a full moon . ' the ship be light up like a Christmas tree os it low nerthward thecuch moonlit water . the tourist be jancin on the deck to cyhan rhumba music . exteaigr shif' deck night close shot wilson , leanin= avainst though side of though ship . he _ reach in he pocket , presumably for a match . 50 . - . interior unlighted passenger's cabin night meinie , fully clad , 148 lyin= 1 hia bunk , he hand behind a , etarin at the coiling , a mateh flare at though thele . Ho seo a pair of clove hand hold a match to a hewl of a pipe . ite stom be tape . 60 . . exterior deck night wilson , he pipo draw , toss the match over the side . 62 . interior ship' cabin wight weinixe resume starinz at the coiling as the ship 's whistle , sound . ' rhumba music erntinue cvor this scone . fast fade on black screen and , under sound of the ship 's whistle , we boar scund of rkumba music segue into scund of boy 's choir pare into 62 . : interior church day Tho cedir , in thoir surplice , file cut cf they stall and mve down though conter niale ~f the chruch as thoy sinc the recossienal . Tho rector brinr up the rear °f the procession , which camera pan to follow until it hes paseot the longstreet pow whore it romain , mary be alene with she Father . on the same sido cf though church be cther citizon of harpor . on the eppoaitoe sido , a largo escction of pews be reserve fer and oceupy >y the atudont cf harpor School , amonc whem be . noah . bohind the boy , sit the Masters . rankin be net progent 62 cont'd . 3 . mary be eye search the congregation . ag it rise , she and she fathor start down the aisle , camera preceding then , her greeting to acquaintance be friendly enoush , but she eye constantly return to they search . 63 . smtrior cnurch xay they emerge into the autum sunlight where they meet layrtnce . with he be he grandmother , a very old lady with a very youn ; spirit . julge lon : strest ( remove he hat ) Mrs. lawrence ... it 's verry nice to see you about again . urs . larence — the advantage of have a doctor in the family . I be Jeff 's best advertisement . ( take mary be hand ) good to have you homo again , my dear , juvge lomestrict glac you think so , mes. lawrence . she nnform I she 's stay . senin . I off to Washington alone this week . brs . lavronge | eich time , too . this be where she helonz . ' mary . '' yo not you come alonz to lunch with Jeff , grandma lawrence . mrs . lasrence ( patting she hand ) my eer , the great a‘vantage of be my age be that you do not have to accept invitation to other peopiel house . I only visit God 's . everyone else conus to see ue . ( smile at she ) also , I havs some very good old sherry . mary tnank you . I will come . LA " ronce ( take he gramimother 's arm ) I will see you later . . a 63 cont would . e~ Mary lunch 1s at one . 4s ahe spoak , she cye still scarch the crowd . suddenly she smilc radiantly and bow as she soarch be reward , 64 . the churce step rankin , with two other Masters , be come down they . at sight of 4 ary and thy judge , he raise he hat , `s . - exterior the church mary extond she hand in grcote to rankin . hello , Charles , rankin : shalcing hand : how !s & bowl ae mary - modd can move it again . ' '' * J she fathor ) here 's Mr , rankin , - . judge longstrezt ( shaking hand ) hollo , rankin . ' delighted to see you again . itve boon give you proposal a good dcal of think . iomust sey that it appeal to I , though I havc @ fow rosorvation , . mary perhaps if Mr. rankin come to lunch he could answer thom , : : suoge longstreet by all mean . do. rankin it 's very kind ef you , sir . but ... - ( he seom to hesitate . then : ) : thank you . I would be dclight , the judge be limousine , chauffour drive , have pull up alongside then , . : judge longstreet good . ride out with we . werll qeliver you back at school . my , 85 ( continue ) if you would tere I thank I '12 you ced va I walk . it 's such ' 5 swoll day . . mary it 48 far tro lovoly t> ha riding in a close car , ( t ba longstreet er be valk . bech to vue eo turna he back on they and wot inte though car . mary ant rankin start down the stroct . caubra pull ehoad of then . rankin be hand truchos she elbow . : ranein let 's =o thr-ucth the ficlé . ‘( mary emile . Tho : atart alon a footpath desido sido Wall of church ) it 's soautiful that way ... hoautiful . it 's my faverite walk ... threush the wee , svor the little brook and threuch the cometery . mary I lneke for yeu in chureh . I playod henkoy this Sunday 2 . mkey this . indulse a olt fagcinaticn . ( ho icck back over he sh-uldor towards though clock tower aksvo ) the clock , threugh ranein be oye , its hri-ht faco glint in the sun . back to scene mary become eonscicus -f rankin be sazo . her eyo turn to follow bia , . . ( leuchin= ) yeutll nevor tell time “y that sleek , . aanzin se I 'vo aiseevoroa . I 'vo oon in the towor ... oxaminine the work . ( continued ) on 65 ( continue 1 . ) 38 . mary Tho mle fascinaticn ? rankin tn , manner cf spoakin= . my fir ( he eatle ) 2 Harp 's egeion «: er be the ineerncruity ef a gcthic clock 23 a Connecticut church tewor . Troy have passod the churoh and entore though omavoyard . proust eee E ) shi 5 ] 7 88 a >? trem the ahros «f though koditorrancan . transportod cvorland in a cart , draw by frur cxzon , 1 '' be ' sr-ucht the harper in though year 1781 hy Captain dhner lonzstroot . ranein Zorn 1750 . dicd 1806 . ( mary look at he in surpriso . he point Tho to the & row of fombsteno ) urstrect family histery ... fer all tc read , mary awe you oe thea ty all you a aw on harpor 's familics . fer answor , rankin closca hie oyo and recite frem memery , rankin jomos loncatroet , 1896~1917 . die for he ceuntry . nena lonrstroet , 1842-1865 . die frr he ccuntry , septimus lonzatroot , 1745 -1779 . dior in bis tod . I have always have a sreat wealnoss fcr septinus . William lonsstreet 1713-1794 . diet tor he sountry , and thon there 's old abner , biamselt . se mary ant rankin og they e*ntinue , leavin= the semetery vehind . ( continued ) 66 ( continuea ) many my ateat , creat , creat ... I thank tiva get thet richt ... creat erandfather , logend have it that ho hate the soa and upon come hemo frem he last veyase ha start tnland ... carryine with he all that he possessod ... to settle dom in though first villace Beyond scund of though - soa. harper be the villazo and the clock be he gift to harper . but the clock Rover ren . apparontly the lone veyaco have be ten mich fer it . se farios . anyono enowe , the hand havo always - point tc twolve minute of fivo . __ ( eravoly ) it ten ! richt for a clock net to run . it 's a kind of sacrilozo , mary ( intricued ty he intonsi ty ) cleck aro a fascinaticn to yeu . yos . thoy be . they round a corner , leavin : though main strect behind end start mvine past woll kopt lawn shadod hy stant oim . mary hesitates a mocont sofsre spoakint again . alittlo gmile fer @ momont play abcut hor lip , . , ( msinaly ) . I wendor what though offect w-uli se on harpor if 1t wear to run and koop time . the whole character of though tewn mi-ht undorcr a chance . I '' sure it 's not peally vory aifforont fren the yarpor of the oichtoenth contury . forhap '' that 's hecause the clack 's uand have never move , ( continued ) 39 . 67 ( continue ) camera stop as they turn oft onte a path threuch a field end pan to follow teen ag they disappear . . dissolve 70 . 88 . : exterior river bank Day rankin and mary roach a oregsine . boulder , risinc ahove the rippline current , provide steppin stone the the opposite bank , . mary wo would better start hack . rankin . wo can cross hore and ge ome past though wrod . it 's quite a siert cut . mary ( restencdly ) woll ... it may as woll ermo cut acw as lator . yeulll have tc know the awful truth anmetimo . tin a foartul acrophohic . roally ? ( sert-usiy ) really . TI have though moat groadtul fear of fallinc . lot 's 2 tack though lens way . ( qui oti y ) yeu neod have not fear , he extend bie hand ) you wa ! tall. 68 cont would , 402 . she look at he a moment , then put she hand in he . he help she across . on the opposite bank , they pause , look at each other , smile grevely , then start towards home . dissolve ' to 69 . tuterior lonqstreet live room Day the judge , lawrence and woah I be await mary and rankin . the two man toy with glass of sherry , judge longstreet ( in the middle of @ sentence ) '' twelve hundred dollar 4a not too - much , of cour : , for a whole yoar ... wee ( earnestly ) it 's plenty , rop , reslly . why , just the other day , I read un article about a man goinr arouné the world on twonty doller , . ( laurenie lanch ) laugh if you wint to , it 's truc . I will show you the artielc . it be write oy the on hinselt , ° ( the julge coush into he glass ce turn back to hin ) it 's very largely a mattur of eat the same food ag the people of the country , take Italy , for instance , the italian peasant life for a few lira a day on mtton , goat 's milk , spaghctti or macaroni , ercen and fruit . aa verry healthy dict by any standard , judge longstreet * we be to understand then , that you view the preposition with favor ? noah 2. be do he best to seom mature and not over= enthusiastic but beyond this point he simply cannot manage . qar ( marst out ) it 's th. most wonderful idce anybody ever have . do not you agre : , joff ? lal ence ( smile at he ) sound good to I , ») 42 . 69 cont would , judge longstreet very well , son . you ay start lay you plan . hoar ( from the bottom of he soul ) oh bost SARA enter , ( tartly ) cudge ... it 's roi not on for half past . ne do not act down prettr soon , roasttll be spoilcd , judge longsteeet wo might give then five more ... ( foctstep and votecs be hear on though terrsec outside ) -- 0b... ncore thoy be now . SARA oxite as mare , follow by raamkin , enter from the terrace , julge longstreet wa be just sbout to organize a soaurch party for you two . '' cgedetie ) itm go to 00 marrdicd . there ig a stunnd silence . laurence involuntarily rise , : rankin ( finally ) T hope that you will not mind too mich , jucgo longstreet . judge longsireet {tm net sure that it shall ming at all , sut I would like : a minuto to make up my mind , lal rznce rankin ...2 can not possibly toll you how fortunaty you arc , ( turn to she ) Mary ... I do not have to tell you what happinoss I wish you . 69 contd ... aby : mary . Jeff ... . fou be alwir the most wonderful person in the world , ( she kiss hin ) lanrence ( anxious to be eft ) I 'il see you later , ( she hand on he arm ) you will do no such thing . judge longstr=et Mary ... Charles ... ( a little wryly ) I suppoas that undir the circumstance io my call you Charles , sanain ( smilin ) i should have viry plonse , sir , ( nore : surlously ) I roalizo what 4 difficult position this place y2r in . you and marr should be able to discuss this alone , zl can come back later ... - hare ( quickiy ) but theret nothing to discuss , jooge longstrelt except that you have : know each other such a short time . ° mary tine have nothing to do with it , dad . som : people onc ean see year in ang year out , and mover know , other , one kmov richt away . 1 know Charles from the first , ( instinctively , the judge look towards the picturoe of kis duad wife , hare catch he glance ) yas . exactly , julce longsirest ( wryly ) ioyas afraid you 'a bring that up . ( to ranein ) I know hor mother only three week defore we wear marry , : 69 cont would 2 , : 45 , re sribles at ja2y she look up into he eve . many . . ( go rvely ) . tt 's all tight , adam , really . judg " loxzestricr ( equaily seriously . for top moment they be : qnite alone ) quite sure , sister ? ary , I be twenty - four year old . most girl : ave heen ensise a dozen time by then . or want so be . lanrtince you canis gay you have not have the opportunity , vary ( suenins to hun ) and it 's onir now , jef : , that I ' mow why ive naver able so say yes . it be not tat I do not love you . I de . talvsrs shall . but something be '' isstag . ant I do not ' mow wist until I fel it . ' she out ' wer hand in he ) dad shit com ean hear this , Charles . e , I nicint never have be able 2 you . but I want you to know she irind of irl you 'rs marrying . lanier ( simply ) I do . mary I want you the ' mow why I love you . because you be the first really eligible man I have ever tmow . eligibility do not mean the right club , or the right - ganner , or the right bank . if mean suitcble .. ane fisting . well ... it be fitting that I shonl spend uy year with you ... vear you child ... {she naugas ) have only mt you . that 's what nis afternoon , when you say ft need nave no fear , I cleave unto you ... ani I kad no fear . I nmew I have take she first ster , and there could be no comrromise ... no turnin : back ... - tegardless os ae the road lead , ( she break . off , embarrassed ) and let - that stand as the ease for Mary longstreet . there be a moment of silence . judge longstreet ( oreak it ) the court concur , : lawrence . I have already say my piece . mary ( face he ) well , noah .... what have you get to say ? ( 1 oke at 0 at the floor ) I hope you will de very happy . fade out 454 fade th 70 , ttc nay color dat clos T omy , lo dntee Fe sit stare out 1b tie pass Connecticut landscape , lissenin to the rhrthmn of the wheel , they repeat a entless message : " you aust nos fail ... syou mist not fail eee fou must not fail ? , iminize lip '' orm the wort silently several time . thea he nod , a7 wwugh in resnonse . presently he rise and yoe towards the water cooler in the rear of the ear . ley , pill -. cup and raise it to he tehes . some of the water spilis , he m'e , hold 4 pipe , cvoss the pane of '' nthe jamb . ape bind the stem of the she door and ; pipe . teeter st re 15 sho ere , ' then fall . he rerat ver no hand vith the pine , fae door 2 % t? cunductgr be : an’ , 9 ougzle expression in xis issle . , it tike let the cup '' neve and when he see the glove % opposite end of the car open end the 28» coulnitor ( orwwle 1 owt ) earpert zoarper{ trewsdale next . thiz be marpert : meiel hurry so he seat , jark the juggage down from the rien , and sove towards door as the train come to a stop . dissoltt to tl. satsator a day mcinize rench pottert as two harper boy come out , - gat ice cream cone , and cross the street towards the school . meinin : look behing he . seelng the street emty , he sidlea '' nto the shop . 72 , interion fovrlnis lay hotness stand umeertain of he next move as one of the vey , hte soda tinished , oes to the counter . 72 contta , : | 46 . bcy ( bat money from he pecker ) . ttll <: ke one of that pork pie tow , 2 . Potter , poti be slip ss pie inte a baz . ( sa unmistuleable fom eseter ) 4in 's ~uu suppose to be in trainin ' ? ( nandin '' he the ban ) birhty five senta , etl tell . fhe bow hane '' vit : a2 vall and polt '' male chance from he poctet , 9 all to a tick roll hold together by a rubber baat calpecu , exit vast meier ? who advance to tha sovnter , ( wr nirs ) hot touch it thank vou , pott . tr croan ? mize ( ignere this ) that dig ... could leave then here ? pottir ( senfally ) do not anvume so resnonsibility . ( he take thom from wii and open a oard door behind ais ) } thottll -e risk here rhen you want then , . ( nis eve search che roor : ) thank yon . I : 72 cont would 1 . 476 oo 73. he turn from tlw counter , camcra pan hii to the back of the room to a talephene booth . eang from its wall be a directoty , edw 'iit turn the pave , search for a mame . in '' e3s , the boy at the other table vise , one of '' then go to the ovinter . there ensue a half audible conversation in wich the phrase '' ninety cent " and " oy account '' occur . mcinine be face livht up a he find the name he be seek= ing . cam™a pull ardar of he as he start past counter , the conversation now become andible . Boy . hy srandmother 's come up this wee'rend , that always mean ten dollvr . ( wmice a entry ) 7 . all vinho . if you 3at so . the boy hurry ow 22 4 school bell ring in the distance , potter stem fctiit , about to exit . poutie hore . seerou have not have you coffee . bele it stor ... come to counter . . ee atl ( 4. pattently Zow much plouse . a " ime . ( shen , understand lp int be question yen cent . iorite . drop 2 coin on she oomter and hurry out . pott ' : love atter he sotr and : ( to lmimselt ) quexr one , setutit start auress the s$reot sonand school grounds . suazeniy he stor , turn $ 5 look behind he . 75 . 76 . 7 . inttalor pot bk er esice Potter 's hotwire see another small building hous - ns a hand launtry anc clothes press establishment , ta the window , '' ilson , pipe in mouth , be talk to sore - one behing the counter , — close sh0t mginix® , as the panic return to he ere at sight of " iis0n , his worst susnicion be confirm , this be the third time he hen see the figure of wilson behind he . he turn an’ hurry with he loose kneed shuffle into the school zro -nd , . extrrior the ssemool '' nomm par class be in session , the grounds be desert except for the figre of a master just aisaprear into the class room building in far dese heiniee glance from sido t : side seckins refuge . on he right be the large - of all the building on the crount ... at least a hundred foot long ant nroporsionstely wide . weniss see this as a haven and hurry to it . he pull open the door and exit . Tho door abut , nide he from viow as hilson enter scene . ue sous so the side of the building . another door be in plain view . this mean that the bull offer '' ore than one channel of escape . wilson cross to the door , open it , an¢ enter . : '' sium pay 'daon entar a vast room , hith ceiling , its high window protect 27 wire netting . on the floor be pernt marttine for hasieshall . horse , parallel bar , - wrestling mat be in evt ‘ence , but no sign of mbinie . dmttrior te en look orn from the balcony which run around the room , '' tlsom 's figure seen very small as he advance into the cupty room .. elook around for heintse . his eve start upwards towards 7:0 balcony . tarough the air , a iron ring , suspend from a rope , swing down . it orash against the sive of wilson be head as he turn . re fail , unconsnicus . th palcoue tm . stant on the ratlin , look down . samba move un tom as lie nove , 78 cont would , , 496 poieted ( he craze oyss alich ) I nehle rie '' ror on high . . dissolve to : t on " aes livi rgull ok RAW eea tous : on calcus '' dat she room 4s charnincly '' urmish , evident in it be 2 veral trtislss of furnttw - previously see in the '' or , atreet houo , include the qrendfather 's clock , mary , in a twoed suit , be stoud - n 'a eleir , hanving curtiin , as the ' mackay on the door Falls heavily , three time . she set '' own and crosgec eagerly towards the front door , calera vamuth ' the follor she . she throw the door wide ané to freon S a. vith lsdtit . : 20 , tatcrion + bafore uary man speatr , .. into have oidl rast she into the hallway , . 2 voca ue. tupl.a ianicin live here ? saat Met mot in , hor ( fithent remove bis hat ) you acpect itn ? many ( janeine at she watch ) Ze shoulé be hore s>ortly . is ini . how son ? mary o% , ton op fifteun mimite , hit : Tower vain ? mary 1a 111 = ose with shis straage intense man who still wear bis hut . 80 cortta , 50 .: mary . ( hive no alternative cf corrse . Sue close tue toor . follo :s she into the liv : poom , caltra shut . . ' ne he site down , he hat still on , 28 ‘uit go dagl kev curtain . sho plance at seinrie once or twice , tuon break tc silence , bary be you a friend of up. Zankin' ? pti ( tonelessly Zeoseeet prinnd . malt ( eryine : $ 0 set he at he ease ) I be ary longstreet . sow do you do . leluiz ? make no move to rise but simply repeat . Tor do you doe @ 2953 Im aoain . , hage me another effort . . mant I , itaniin should be here now . soueting he verain sfter class > suh foday he tll be coin : striizht . hers , I be sus . you s2 . , it 's we wedeiny cay , : ivne ( look up ... vith the sane tonelessness ) he 's gettinz marry ? mary as six o'clock . . geinin ressd she with expcessionlezs eye ) iimor it 's mest unconzonsionr1 of I , hein hore today . but I want $ 9 soe thesa curtain . there 4s anesthe» reuse , this site a very lous one . then : ep rvis then he come .. ethich wey do he come ? a for 80 ( cont . 1 ) 51 . mary ( point through window ) from webater Hall ... that 's the big dome building . heinied ( rise and move toward door ) I shall meet he . before mary can answer , he be go . returning to the window , she watch he retreat towards the big dome ' uild in the bog . . b1.2xtmaicr campus day rankin come dorm though step of webster Hall . he be surround by student who move off tovard the gymmeasium in beg . ranxin turn in the opposite direction . he approachos calera alone . melitke , shelter oy a stant elm , watch rankin approach . his eye begin to shine and he mouth to tremble . Ho allow rankin to continue past he . then : walther , traveling sect , rankin . he hesitates ... then stop . but he dee not turn , clos " : shot miiniz f105 ( softly ) ist I .... % althor , mentum shot as ranein turn . meinice come toward he . RA : ( quietiy ) turn vight ... towards the wood . I will follow you . keep to the path . meinie : hesitates , then obey . rankin remain where he be , give the little mana start , then ho cut kitty= corner acress the campus lawn towards the wood . dissclv : to 82 , ext " rior '' ood Day beside a rustic bridge , ranxin stand wait . meinike cross the bridge , as they come face to face , they embrace with awkward formality . then rankin take 2 ° step dickward , still hold meinine by the shoulder , C oo 82 ( cont would ) rankin {exclaims} moinixoese . ot yes .. meinize . ranein TI think ... I think ... mutity eesthat I hod heen hang . ( ranely nod slowly ) almost all the ether have teen hang . but not I . and you imow why ? 2 scruse a dead man could not stand face to face with you , walther . it be for tiis moment that I wes not hang . again thes embrace . thors be something strange and pitualistio about its nerformance heneath the bare tree of the blenk autumn wood . in bec . a soy , wear the track pants and stnglut , run vast , leave beh : hin a trail of shred siper froma sack slunz over one shoulder . Chloe pull ' toor '' raeiin you be not mck change ... fatter some srar hair , but svt you back in uniform and you would look almost the same . minim ( sravely ) } ioana diferent want , walther , than vefore . rankin not different like iiitler . not differant vile ley and goebhel . not different like him . to have dead be really to he different , on , conrad ? ( he lauch ) of titm as < cey advance through the raltie ( eon 'e ) 9 bean icind to we , & 4o say that it mas feneo alone . you knor how I red and destrove avery single ite in Germany and soland that might hava serve as a clue to mr identity . provitence conrad . 82 ( cont. 1 ) . s2 rankin ( cont would ) only my tieart kmow who I be ... and you , conrad , who of all the people in the world 1s nearest to it . ( he lanh ) ah , conrad , this be a day to remember ... eeand for more reason than one . guess what I shall bo do at six ofelock . I shall be stand before a minister of the Gospel with a woman 's hand in mine . she be the dauchter of a justice of the United States Supreme Court , '' famous liberal . ( azain he laugh ) : and among all the thing recommend this marriage , she 1s even good to look at . ( al face sober ) yess . I have do roll , meinike . the camouflage be perfect . I om well hide . who would look for walther kuhn in the sacred precinct of the harper School , surround by the son of amoricat first family . and hide I shall remiin until it be time to emurga . until the day when we strike again . 3 ( topping ) you think phere will be another war ? rankin of course meinize ( shaking he head ) no , valthore 's ' ranein whrt do you moan ? meinize " War 2s a abomination " , saith though cf ranein look at heinike keenly '' the little mn 's face be aslow . in the 2istance , excited boy ! voice pise and fade as they pursue the paper trail , meinied ( cont to ) it 1s to toll you this that I be here . he set mar free that I might come here and say this thing . ee ranein ( sharply ) who set you free ? meinike ( tremble with excitenent ) the all highest ... rankin you do not moan - ? meinike I mean God . you do not kmow I , walther . I ama new man since _ I have find dim . rankin it never thourht to see fou , conrad , a religious - + you do not believe . walther , - but look , iam here = free ~ it be one of his miracle . rankin you do not escape ? ' meinise the guard come and opencd my cell . I walk out into the corridor , de point the way . as I go down the corridor , all door be open to I . it be one of God 's miracle . rankin you fool ... do not you know what they have do ? they freed you so that you would lead they to I . ( intently ) have you be follow ? ( heinike nod ) be you follow here ? ( hiss ) yes. : iad y) 544 rankin wao follow you ? , meinike the evil one . he be dress like any man . ec oven smoke a pipe . but I recognize he through he disguise . go I kill he ... , strike down from above , God 's will be do . ( he take a Bible from he pocket ) you mat be bring to salvation . confess you sin , walther , as I have confess mine . salvation shall be yours . proclain you pailt ... proclaim it from the roof - top ... in a awful voice that can be hear in the earth 's far corner ... only thus can you attain salvation . it will tako strength , such strength as can come only from God . kneel by I , walther ... and together we will pray to him to give you strength . 82 ( cont . 3 ) - ' 55 ° meinixe ( cont would ) ( he kneel , palm together , .ey close . " T have sin against Heaven and before thee . I be not worthy to be call thy son . '' say the word after I . " I despair of my sin " , all expression locf rankin '3 face . his eye dull , he mouth hang slightly open . rankin ( repent as he fall to he knoe ... syss fix on meiniizy " I despair of my sin ... '' scinize " ok God of all goodness , how could I ever have offended thee " ... ranein " oh God of 211 soodnoss ... " ( ais hand close around istditre ts thoas ) his hand close cround meinike be throat . at first the smaller man 's arm thresh the ground but esently he bedy go limp . ranein be hand grow t '' he take . they away and mcinike be body fall backwards so that he lie with leg bont frogwise . after a interval , ranxin imeel beside mintre be body 2nd again take it ty the throat . this time he 's hand remain , vise like , until there be no longer any question that meinieke be dead . over scene , the sound of the paper chase be hear , grow - ing loudor . rankin listen . then he move quickly to cover the body vith leave . but time do not permit . the voice ara grow louder every moment . his eye senrch the ground to see if , by eny chance , the trail fum noarby . telltale serapa of paper show that it do . now , through she bare tree ho see the runner aprroach= . rankin stoops quickly and pick up the Bible where it foll from meintze be hand . teorins page from it , he run in 1 wide be , ost - blish a new trail to carry the chase avay from meinine be body . out of breath , he return to stand guard . his eye watch the chaso 13 it vranch off to follow the new trail . the boy 4isap - ear in the distance , . rankin look down at meinine's lifeless vody and begin to kick leave over it . ye dry wash he hand . atsearye to y . 56 " 83 , , close shot rakkine hand , hold mary be , glove roll to wrist . over sceno , the voice of the rector . ( rector' voice " dearly belove ... have be gather here together ... " 8 camera pull back to 4 . thterior church wight rai nin and kary stond before the altar . the judge 1s at she elbow . dr . lawrence et rinkin 's. - woan be in the longstreet pew , rector " , eein the sight of God and man to join this man and thir woman ... " 4s he continue the word cf the rituale . ' dissolve 70 es . interior gymnasium nicsr Bright moonlight stream throcch the hich wire window , throw broad streak across the floor wilson lie a he fall . sanene love uf of iii eas he raise he eyelid . he look out throush daze oye . slowly , memory return to he . he struggle to he foet , sway drunkenly . his hand reach for a wali to stoady he . he look down to see he hat and pipe iring on the fleor . with difficulty , he rogain they . then he stagger out into the night . dissolve to 86 . : interior potter be wicer wilson , hat on , ontor and cross to though counter behind which potter stand , wilson a bottle of aspirin , pleaso . | 4s potter froduce it , tilsow look around for keinike be luggage . it 1s not in viow . wilson ( cont would ) and a glass of wator , . potter pour it . ilson swallow a fow of the pellot , potter watch he , intorested . y% ilson see though coffee urn ) 57 , i. 86 ( continue ) c2 * ttoo , t " ilson ( cont 'a ) _ I erffou , t -* , ploase . ~ ( botier pour it . threuch winhow in *.c. , wilson soo though spt party leavin the Wed ain ? | potter yep. judzo len=streot 's dauchter . merryin ' up . ts ane a! the seheol teacher . I issuod the liconso . . wilsoy on ( antorestodiy ) . fotter yop . I be town clork , " he eyoe wilson the aoc if this hag improssod he . it have . wilson that. muat so quite a prespensimility . potter os fom clork run though tewn , you micht gay . z vilson . ay eu must know just ch-ut everyho in harport nat 3 t hoe se at just aut . ww evoryhedy . bis trne chan - ine ) hore en '' usinass ? ( wilson neds ) schrol tustnose ? in shake he achinre head ) seliin ' s-mothin ' ? ( asain silson shake hig boat ) buyin ' ? : wilson be eye search the r-on . they sce a sim . it anncuncos a salc '' for antique . wilson printa to it . ( continued ) sa : potter ( cont would ) oh ... antique dealcr , they all come to sarper . ( # 11lson nods} he take out he handkcrchief with which he easually touch he head below the hat brim . thon he fold the handkerchicf to conceal the telltale spot of blood . : fotler ( cont would ) judge longstrect 's get the best collection in this part . would not do you no good though . hilson no . I do not suppose he would sell . ( casually Happen to know if there be any other out of town buyer here ? 86 ( cont . ) . . 58 . poiter mabbe ... uebbe note I can generally spot them a mile eway . like I do you . they get that bird deg look . but , about this feller , zi just be not certain , he be not in here but aminute . do not even drink he coffee . just look in though telephone book , wilson yonder who he could have be call ? : potter do not call nobody . just look and sisodaddled . ( openinz closet door ) . he will be back theush . Left he suitcase . liddin-alzed fellere .. kind of fattish . ewith gray hair . wilsow ( the conspirator ) i wonder if jou would do mo a favor , Mr. Potter ? ( potter lean soward nim ) let I kmow when and if he come back for he lugaace ? ( ho wink broadiy ) potter ( roturn though winic ) do not soe why not . that will be thirty five cont . . as ' elson reach for the change dissolve to 87 . interior longstreet home wight the wedding reception 1s in progress . host of harper 1s present , both school and tow , as woll as representative vashingtone clhera love through the crowd to where hary stand , in front of the fircplace , still carry she bridal bouquet . Old urs . lawrence face she , she grandson at she elbow , @7 ( cont . ) . : 59.° ers . lawrence it 's wondorful to sce you so happy . Don 's ever stop be .. mary goodnight , grandma lawrence , Charles will see you to rour car . ( she turn to call hin . Ho be not in sight . moad ...° be on though othor side of the hearth ) . Stephen ... where 's charic ? noah * : ( lock arounc ) T do not imow , Mary . ers . lawreece you say good nisht for I , my dear . joff nore will sce I off . her arm in hor grandson 's '' sac nove towards door , camera preceding the . . i.r , lawrence ( cont would ) I will not pretend I be not . . disappointed , joffrer . I always think ary vould gake a very catisfactcry granddaughtcr . laurence ( simply ) want I to tell you something , katc ? I 'ma little disappointed mysolr , they exit into hallway . 88 . twterion live rook another angle kany come to a group surround hor father , . mary have anyono scon my brand new husband ? judge lo'ngstreet do not tell mo he 's desort you clready . 88 ( cont . ) 60 mary ( push bae !s he lock of pair} look as if . the brute . ' ( sho turn to find red at she heel ) Red ... . whore 's charlos ? dissolve to - 89 , exterior wood hnicet T close shot ...4 splde as it be drive into the earth , a man 's patent loather siod foot press down on it , cluera pull back to 4 ' tider angle . rankin have dig a dcop nit bonoath the trace , in which he now stand , Tho moonlight , siining through the branch , throw dance shadow ovor the soonc . satisfied with its width and depth , tamkiit scramble out of though grave , he drop he spado and go to leinixe be body , a few foot away and drag it the though ernvoside , tumbl1 . it in face downward , then , hurriedly , he begin pile in the earth cvor it . dissolye to exterion wood nicht the grave fill , 3 : kin , on he hand and knee , meticulously arrange dead loaf over it . straighten up , he allow hinsolf to relax for a moment . he fumble through he pocket until ho find a olgarotte , dissolve to sl . : : tnterior longstruet hoe wien noah be report to iary who stand beside lawrence . noah itvo look evorywhere , hary . and I can not find hin . hart ( to lacrence .... conconl teal anxioty ) but where could ho be ? I be got worrtod . rankine vcice be hmand bo , ~- 91 ( cont . ) é. rankine vcice ( over scene ) '' be you , darling ? ' het about ? cliifra poll back to include iim as ho reach she side , he wear a slack suit . many ohe.eyou 'vo changod . do not you think sould bo : e not you to sou etter ? be not wa suppose to of on a honoyroon , or sonethe ? tary gire I five naimute . dissolvz to 92 . exterior harper Val STREET ight razin be roadster , top fovm , rankin at the wheel and mary beside he , speed throweh the sleep stroet and out onte the main tighva ; . as it pass the earpor Inn , establish 1797 , ore window be lishtod though neitkor 's radkin or lany notice it , : canera move up toward it . in the reom beyond , tilson , in pyjamas and dress gown , a cold towol around nis '' throbbing temple , sit at the telepnone . 93 . . interior wilson be kooi : ier ? vtil on ( inte phone ) the plain truth 49 that I get overeenxious and behave like & gum shoo detective . ( bitterly ) the rusult be that , after folloving he for twolvo tnousand mile , I have lose hin . ( not pause ) by all mean . fut the f.3.i. in . but no brondcast . Mo cireular . , icthing the get the wind up in kuhn . ge pause again ) to haventt the paintest ldoa . but I will stake my life thet e's in farror . fade we 623 94 , interior tow ! clerk citice dat porter , he white onat change to hiuo serge , 1s seat on ao high steol at a cld fashioned desk , copying record . wear a green oro shade and alpaca sleeve protoctor . at the sound of a door open , 10 look up to face tl lson , nilson ( lookin : ; around ) ' so this be whore the town of harper be minute . forter that 's richt , ( return : the the file ) tax record .. wntine listsee . birth and warriavc licon - : S se. huntin ' and fishin ' ... dorte . geath . cvemytiin : to its right place . '' : rericiery itm arraic I be interrupt you . potter just sopyint out the votint list . '' chat happen to rour hoad ? wilsow '' 28 he touck essing on 1b ) mrious to sec soroane that i do u't ston to open a door . walk bang into it . ( glaneine over pormm 's shouldor ) can not I oln ? potter be do in a nour , uilsof ( pick «= '' pen ) ' two of we sould have donc to half aon hour thon . ( roassurtagly ) hy handwrite be very legible . 94 ( cont . ) . 63.6 potter ( aolightod to losa some cf though vork load ) . . holleeeif you foel like it , ( shoring hin : & pao ) this colum 's the list from two foara apoe . eenoxt one 's then 's as diod in tac intorime . next ono , they 's as hes qualified , vilsgn that would mean all new arrival in though tow ? potter thoy have murind with - ster . other 'a be thom 's as somo of agce utlsoi : I sco. ( start to vork ) excolicnt aystorme dissolve to 95 . . ibterior hilsoy' nco " at pim ulnper ise lrrenoon '' ilsok , at the table , male ontrios on a page . ge . . insert the pact be 15 head : sw angivel in wiepmr benoath this be oisht name , through the top six of which a thin line have be draw . _ Tho soventh a ofchth name on the page be saunder scudder and ceint rankin . in entry after the nano ostablishos thcir occupation as teacher at though jarpor School . uelsont pencil drew the sane thin line through they ranc , thon drop tlc poncll on the table . to sosr= - '' ilo tilt back ia nis chair , frowmias thoughtfully . Ho have ceme to the end of the road . fis ore wandor out though window . '' hat he go jerk nin uprisht . 64 . 98 . the village square wilson 1g lookin= straicht across at the cleck tower . the . band cf the clock movo ... stcd ... move acain . , . and stop. 99 . interior wilson 's 200m wilson whirl from though windew , shevo the poper on table inte he pnokot , snatchos up he hat , and exit . dissolve to 1o0 . exterior village square wilson hurry corea it and enter the church . iol . . interior church nilsom , romnvinc hat , starta up the stair loafing into the . elfry ° 102 . interior belfry wilson asconda int - it . thore be a solid flooring ovar though * scotion ef holfry honunth though hell mpe . boyont it , hewever , thero 1s a ompty space with rafter showin : ané beyond they , far below , the church itself . : over this sapinz hole a ladder dgas to another stary in which though wwerkinz for though clock be house . wilson takag hold of though ladder . Tre 4s olf and nene tea safe . Ho starte ts clim - it . . 103 . interior landing wilson szot off the ladder , take one stop to a open anor loadin ? inte the clock trwor iteolz . Ho pause , surprised . 104 . . tntericr the clock tower . wilson seo noah , back purnod , wipine the clock 's work with a cloth , wilson ecmoa forw : as noah , surprise 's at the interruption , fnco he . : wilson hello thero , 's ( politely ) in , hello . p with wilson ( with a smile , ho resture behind he ) that laddor 's net tro safe for you weimht , let alene mine . + it 's not use much . 104 ( cont . ) . wilsoy ( omamine the work ) try to wake it run ? no , sir . I be just clean aroune it . . fil ? ( examine though work nore clesely ) quito a clock , be not it ? {casnaily ) : ch , by the war , my namo 's tilson . roar .. I be horh : longstraet . vinson ( vetrasin ; : not interost in the nemc we bes peor into the sloeitt corte} late sixtconth sentur : , itd fuuce . probably b> uobrecht of Strasbourg . bead . — I would not imor. ' i :> orother in law . plan to worl on ite uinso ( ho busio hinsolf , fill he pine } be ho a oxpert ? oh. abe ( shrugging ) : zt rmoss so , iy sistor say he want to work on it as soon as they get back from they honoymoon . ( hilson light he pipe , gvaw on lt carefully , i8a8 ! . hes ro alternative but to con sinus ) thoy havo to be bask on priday bocauso of oxeriination . Ho 's ono of the teacher at the school . be nance ts rankin . '' ils ¢t oh . Ho continucs dreve on he pipo . dissolve to mar " 1085 . . . . interior potter' day ~~ wilson ia in the tcleptone bocth , boyond though close door of which the activity of the storo $ 008 on . wilson listen to @ voise at the other ond of the wirce wilson ( into phone ) oe obimmme oe omimmmmtiscece ( suddenly lash out ) I do not caro who want oxplanat ion . I be not come down to Washington or anywhore elso until I be suro there 's no furthor uso in my stay hero . ( he pausc ) that 's richt . dnd in though meantine , I want to be invite to judge : longstreot 's home on Thursday nightee . proferably for dinner . ( another pause ) exactly . in azite of you clean bill of hoalta I want the mect ris son in law . dissolve to 10 dwerior loncstreet live ato : nicht close shot : a pcymter ink stand ... camera pull back to include & tablo on which it stand , a zlass of sherry beside it , calera continue b.ci . wilsou , pipe in mouth , sit oxamine tha stand meticulously . judud longstreet , toy with a glass of sherry , look down contcntedly . in Dee , noab sit in a big chair , intont on a list ho ts work on . uilsox pick up tio stand and nove ' with it to a better Light . Tho , judge stay with he . Tho judged lightly touch the filigreed edge , as thouzh afraid tilson will not note it , wilson look up and sr:iile . thon turn the stand over . hold ~ ing it in one hand , he point with he pipe stom towards the hall mark . the judge nod . they enjoyment of the entique be interrupt by a door slamm offacenc . nol thoro 's kary ncwe Ho rise earorly . wilson stiffon slichtly in anticipation of he noet with raiikin . Ho carefully restore the ink stand to its place on the desi . Ho nas note woag 's ' : oaserness to soe he sister . Tho docr opon . tt be not though expoct couplo but oa . livrence . — layrencs . ( oasilr ) . goed avone , dudge . ello Stephen , judge lcngstreet ( shaking hand ) even joff . Dr. lawrence ..ir. Wilson . om , not 106 ( cont . ) . : , 67 ; lawrence ( shaking hand ) oh , we have meet . how 's though head ? : . wilson much improve , Doctor , thanks to you . ' lawrence naccopsing a glass fron auc rank you , judge , Mary back ? it mean wary and cghorlos . wilsoh ( taste hia om sherry ) excollont , duwige luugstrect . exccllont . lawrence vell , - loah , .. how be the plan progress for < cur trip ? the judge beckon filgow wink a -esturc of he head . obodiently , wilson follow iin to look at an: - sher picce of powter on the mantel . but hig attention now be moro on the convorsation betweon lavrence and ole . . ( quickly ) mould you like to sea my itinerary ? lavresce you bet . s0 ae '' '' produce lt instantly from a pocket . . ( scan it ) waat do the figuros alongside mean ? . boar : how much I be to spend in coach country . hew do you arrive at $ 32.50 for the irish froo stato ? tilson nod he approval of the picec of pewtor and oscape to look at the list over raymence be shoulder . hole , that 's exactly oicht sound in they currency . wilson have you think of take you bicyelo along ? ey 106 ( cont .1 ) . 68 nose why , noes.l have not , . '' ilson it 's though best way to seo England , for instance . and though low ountrios . neha swell idoa . wilson . . and when you want to get rid of it , jou oan sell it for a mich better prise than you could get here ... enough to buy a new biko when you get home . hoa would it be asit too mich , hr. Wilson , for you to ¢o over my map with not aftor dinnor ? hilson I would like nothing bottor . m0af have be a0 cnsrosscd that ho have not hear the eutor door open , how , snddenl , ry 1s in the room , she azmg around she father . sho kiss he , thon embrace Nah . , extend hor free hand to lawrence . wilson , Glass in hand , lool on , smile . lavrence Ho need to asi : how you aro . judge longstriet Mary , my doareeethis ise . but beforo he can complote ' jilso # be introduction , rankin , also dinner jacketod , . appear in though doorway , ranely good evening judge longstreet weleomo nome , Charles . raskin thank you , sire noah : , Jeff . wilsch sot down the glass cf sherry to conccal he tromble hand , judge longstreet ur. wllsonsemy daughtor , karyo .. ty son in law , Charles rankin . mary how do you do , hr , tilson . you must forgivo I , 106 ( cont .2 ) _ bbs rankin ( shaking hand with he ) how do you do , sir , wilson ( in complete control of himselr ) T hope you will not ming my intrude om you homecome , judge longstreet ( pour sherry for thon ) how be the mountain ? porfoct . and eht orfect . you ou , to soe Charles on skil , I be good , ' too , be not I , charlos ... for a beginner ? rankin very . wor . do you remember to keop you imee together and you apparatus in . ( in door war ) dinner be servod . eary ( make a noue at hoa ) : yoseeeel romomborod . ( to SARA be ombarrassod dolight , sho onbraco hor ) hollo , Sara . ( squirming ) foleone home , hiss. ayy . 197 . c4mera kove abead of thee ag thoy cross the hall into the dining roor . ' judge longstreet ir . Wilson hore be compile a gataloguo of Paul rovoro powtor , mary what fun . wo not you sit hore , ey. Wilson ? sho soat hin between she fathor , in he acoustone place , and lawrence . thon sita botwecn '' wh and hor musband . 107 ( cent . ) . 70 . ~ oah . ~~ ( to resim ) ey. Wilson be also a authority on clock . ) rankin , he glass of water halfway to he lip , pause . ary really ! wuy , that 's Charles ! hobby . wilson so you brother inform I . ( turn to rahkin ) = understa :.. you be so to fix the one in the church tower ? : : pain le iomay try . : selrot quite a wertaine , nagy '' of vite I a , I to show tite hepe he 204 i lite yarncr ag it isesseven to the clocl that do not ~~ : run. 49 the scene progruain , gra move Ground the table , serve dinner , '' 2 , the gs er os , aa5 follow they into she room and settle himselr >. si3ze hin , : raqkit how lon : have you deen in narper , up. wllson ? wilson hesitates . torhap s4ukin 's question 1s not idle . if this io kini , moifike be sure to have tell rim he be follow . sils¢n since fridar , a week ago . lawrence ( look up quickly ) you have lose a day . I patch you wp oon Friday . you be hurt on Thursday . the that of the wedding . rankin be fork poise , midway to its destination . z '' ilson '' ~ ( if this its kuhn , the eat la now out of the bag ) thatts sieht . '' lednesday I lett bangor 's 107 ( cent . 1 ) : 7 rankin you be mrt , Mr. Wilson ? wilson . dothing serious . lanrence serious enough to raise a bump on bis head the size of a billiard ball . rant iu be last aoubt be remove . ihis be the deytl that yursue heiniaz to harney . ' wine : ( to the table at taree ) tha usual decor , fio raise up on lade haunck and put he head on mart be sticl longotreet cood thin youfre basi - , sistor , . that dog of : ' '' cur ia be inoconsolable . that 's ton if rodze mce , ded . ( she surn to . she lather ) how '' as yor nestince , rocer ? oo lolgstreat irritating see ( explaininy to vils0w ) the toreion polley acsseciation . fone I rend iy . standish 's repert . I think ho 's full of prune . judge longsthaot thas 's the way we use to talk in the 1950' , steyhen . lavrence stendish ? sitaok the londen ' ize man in Berlin , hoge loke tnanr of course , he quote rumor , mostly . hon doilline ivy nigh .. umlorcround meetin : mis acess . paren ritual . wilsok glance at i.ucIN for a reaction , theres be none . 107 ( cont . <) 72 . ensd . no . do you bolieve they , pop ? ovvdcr longstridt it 's pogsibl . anrshinz be possible . lavrencd it 's ridtoulous . in 1913 , the Germans lose a war sut they be not really beat . 7 slme it be dirforent . they country war invadcol , they cite laid wasto , ami the quilty one make to pay with sheir life . perhaps there be some stili to ba uncever fanatics , bet no serean fot he right mind can herve any taste for war . . vwinsoy '' ere you ov-veen , Doctor ? lavrefsr ey unit war attachsl to patton 's third ally e will then you : inton '' wag fowm at close ns ranso . tol '' mow urmany , er. nankin ? os . : '' ( atid I would setter sep out of this . itvo &@ Way of call mypsel ? very unpopular when = start on cermany . . wilsch tie shall asi sidex - it the objective opinion of on cbjoctive ulstorian , raprlin 4 psycholoist could hotter explain it shan a ticstorian . , .norcver ! the Gorman ace himself ? as the innecont vistin of vorld onv7 =nd hatrod ... conspire acainst , get capon , sis 's ravace by the inferior poople be terior nation . fs fascinate ; mary and lor father , surprised ; latinte skeptical ; only ioan continue ii dinnor ) believe tv scl ? a superior deine , he will not admit to orror , moa less to . rrone doin . ' Zhe good poopie of Coventry o~ ihow full woll that they Cathedral be ! ; . rade muole becanse the choose to ignore sthicnie and Spain . in read we om gasualty list , we Americans learn the prica of look the other way when a innocent minority be pillory . 107 ( cont . 3 ) 13 : rankin ( cont would ) Men of truth come . to know for whom the bell toll . but not the german . he have no understanding of causo and effect . thore ts no connection in he mind botween the rubble of Coventry and the bombing of loipziz.e.. no connection botwoon the thirty million ally dead and the ten million Gorman . Ho be quite incapable of face roality . his world be a mystical World , peoplod with warrior . god , march to sagnerian strain , they oyea fixod upon the ftery sword of stogrrica . . he pause , glance from ono faco to tre other , end on jizson ) in that subterranoan moct place ... that you do :ot boliov in ... he droam world come alive , and he take he place in shine ernor beneath the bannor of the teutonic knirht . Tho vorld await the mossiah . and 30 doos the german . but not the Prince of foaco . instcad , another siogfricd , anoticor sarherossa , qnothor titler , 4 now god breathe fire and promise vengeance . . : ~ judge longstreet - great heaven , charlos ... if we concede you argumont ... thore be not solution . rankin once again , I dirfor . wilsgh what be it , then ? | rankin _ &nnihiletion ... dow to the last babo in arm . . . wilsow lowor he fork , Ho have como to a final doad ond . vary ( disturt ) I can not imagine zou advocate a carthaginian peace , Charles . rankin ( smile ) well , as a histortan , I mst tell you though world have not have any trouble with carthage in a good many hundred ~o ~ of year , wilson then you have no faith , ifr , rankin , in the reform that be bo offect in Germany . 107 ( cont : 4 ) , the rankin '' . wishful thirkin , sr. Wilson . the versus : type of government have be change ... . the oducational system have be change ... but the people be unchangod . you can not reform a people from without . that mst come from within . Basic principle of equality and freedom nover have and nevor will take root in Germany . the will to freodom have bo voice in evory tonguc ... excopt the german . " all man be create equal " . " liborte , egalite , fraternite . " '' but in Gorman ... . N . ( interrept quietly ) " proletarien , unito . you have nothing to lose but you chain . '' . - rankin ( dismiss this with a@ gosture ) harz be not a german . marx be a jow. ( he break off ) forgive my long windednea , vn. ( vory seriously ) a but I feel this very deeply : stand before my clasz , I be make genuinely unhapoy by though conviction that a certain large percentage of the student sit there will be deny the privilege of be useful citizen . instead , they mast die , all because of one nation 's warpe mentality . again , I apologize . dissolve to 108 . exterior tai harper inn nigrt rankin , mary and ' ilson in the front seat beside he , pull he car to a stop in front of the hotel . red sit in the back in solitary grandour , wilson ( get out ) it 's most kind of you to drop I . rani in it 's right on we way nome . hary . wlll you come to toa with ua on ~~ Tuesday , er. vilson . it 's we ne reception for though faculty . you would be a very wolcomo addition . ») 108 ( continue ) wilson I wiah toculé . but my wrk here be finish . I shall he leave harper tonerre , ranein ( shakine hand ) well , pleasant journey . wilson thank you . ranein drive though car off , wilson leok aftor they . dissolve to . . 109 . interior wilson's bedroom night wilson ( inte tolophene ) T will be in washincton tomrrow |. afternoon . yru be quite richt . about rankin . Ho 's akeve suspicion . dissolve to lic . : interior rankin live rom night . rankin , pronceupiod , 18 pacin the florr , mory ' ( aewilin with a slasa -f milk ) extraordinary , ia not it .. clock hetng hig be hy toof . be rankin vory . mary ( netacine he pacin= ) what 's the mattor , '' oar ? dre ycu restless ? pad clk : not at tet ty ) mary stnop to pat red whe have beon explorinc the neem . . mary well , Rod , like y-ur now hemo ? ( wacs hig tail ) re say he like it . she rise , yawnin ) I be scoine the hed , " ( quiekiy ) T 's taka ro cute 7sa. llo ( continue ) mary juat let he cut . he wen 's run ott . '' ' rankin I '@ like a walk . come alon : , Red , in the coorway to though hall , eho lean against he . 110 ( cent . ) 1 mary Love I ? : rankin yes , my darling . he kiss she . she lay nor head against he chest and he hold she briefly in he arm . then she turn and start up the stair . ranxin snap he finger for red and go - out the door . 111 . : exterior the rankin house wwicpr rankin come out , close the door behind he . then , with lonz , hurricd stride , move unhesitatingly towards the wood , red follow hin . . 112 , exterior '' 35 y00 DS wight rankin enter and , as he find leintike be grave undisturbed , he face light up with rolief . he fish a cigarette from he pocket and light it , ae ke look down at the leaf-strewn — mound of earth . mn , caxera moving aread of hitz , he turn and start for home , after a few pace , he realize that red be not to ais heel . Mo turn and snap he finger . when zed fail to appear , ho whistle . then : : ranein hore , redesschere , boyece he waite a momont . red dco not appear . he start back whence he camo . we . beside meiuik ='s grave rankin reonter and look towards the grave . his eye narrow . . 114 . meinike's gravi rankin see red , he forepaw industriously digging into the already freeze earth , the loaf scattered in all direction . 115 . beside the grave red continue he digging ac rankin wateho hime suddenly , without warning , rankin kick out with all he strength , hit red in the rib . at the moment of contact : 1é. interior wilson's room night wilson , lie in bed , suddenly sit bolt upright as though awaken by rankin be icick , . he switch on a light and get to he foot . then hurry to the desk and mull out he diary . seating himself he begin to write theroin . . 7 . 117 . ' insert tr facd , as wilson unite : + rankin be kuen ! who but a Nazi would deny uarx as a german because he be a jew. lle . . bace tc scene * ' wilsoh shove the diary away and pick up he pipe . he be : very thoughtful as he start fill it . dissolve to interior " ankin sedrooh wnicat ranety , in pyjamac ani drexsing - om , emerge from the dress room . de stand for a secend , look down at the sleep figure of he wife . the lisht , from the room beside he , shine across she bed . in she sloep , she stir fitfully and waimper , cuildlixe . suddenly she body jerk spasmodically anc she 1s avaleo . she stare up at she hmsband , friehten . iv waet be it , darling . '' har ( dazedly ) T be dream . ( brush she hand across she oye ) that little man . rankin ( sit beside ner ) what little man ? . gry I tell you about bin ... ho cane roroe.ss the day have vore marriedesce ( she shake she head ) give I a cigarette . rankin ( lighting one for she ) oneeorése . I ronembor . ea hand hor the lirhted cigarette . she puff on it qratefully . mary 's I nover hec a ' zeam like it before . the littl : run be walkinz , all by himself , across a desort city square . '' herever ae move , ho throw a shadow . ind the shadow remain on the ground after ho have pass , stretch out behind he lin a endless carpet . 119 ( cont . ) mary ( cont would ) ( sho stop and tale another puff on the cigarette ) it do not sound so bad ... tell dte.ssbut in the dream it be terrifying . rankin ( smoothing she hair with he hand ) you be over tired , dear , hary I wish you could think who he might have be , Charles . raney it disturb you to think about ‘hin , dear , 30 co not any more , vary ( smile at he ) all right . it 's silly of I . ashe start to put out she ciparctte . thure ia the howl of a coc ; long , draw out , ghostly . she start in curprise ) that ' be that ? raekim do not answer ) though howl be hear again ) it mst be red. ( she start get out of bed ) what in the vorldesee rankin ( quietly ) I put he in tke cellar . bary ( atartlod ) no wonder ho 's howling . he 's never beon lock up in he life . this be a new place to he . ie he get out , he micht run off and get lose . red howl again , the sound die away in a moan , > 79 . mary ( she foot fumble for the mule beside the bed ) Red gut lose ? in harper ? why , he kmow every inch of the country for mile around . poor Red , let he out quickly . ( quietly ) no , Mary . . . mary sillyt then I shall . ( shu start towards the door ) ( intercopt hor ) Mary , if rud be to live with we , he mist be train . at night he will slsep in th. cellar . in the daytime he will bc keep on a leash . maryy chorlc ... this be ridiculous . sho start to pass he . Ho put he hand en she arm , restrain she . : rankin I forbid you , Mary . miry ( fece he ) but I do not belicve in dog be treat like prisoner . and Red be my dog . ( gently ) and you be my wifc , Mary .... please , darling - I know what 's best .... they «yea stay mut for a long moment . finally , a decision reach , '' ary turn away . rankin !.s eye follow hur a sho movca back towards the bed . rad 's unhappy wail rise over the scence . fade out 80 . fade in spmrok the loncstentt hor ST vere oat " , enroute to sehool , bicycle down the driverey and out onto the road . rud trot alongside camtra pan with they until they overtake the walk figure of wilson , 121 . exterior road day noag 's } face light up rith pleasure as he meet witson . nga x ( he bicycle waver : as he slow it ) hello , Mr. Wilson . I theught you would be go by now , fit on ( gravely ) lock as though I would be starve on for a time . | noaz drop off the bicycle and wheel it beside witson , calera precedi '' tim . itson bend over to pat red . filson ( cont would ) think you would go to live with you mistress . : sel Mary brovght he home this mome . Said not howl all nicht . ge og down to business ) tell I , Mr. filson . after Spain , should I double back and do the test Europe , or keep on goi-g and do Morocco and tunisia and then come . back to eurspe through sictiy ? wit om ( after a pause ) I should think the latter . but plan be make to be break .... partioulerly by traveler . ore I guess you have be just about everywhere , have not you , Mr. Wilson ? witsson never to darkest afride , or the himalayas , or the polar region . my kind of hunt have alrav be in the jungle of the city . 121 ( continue ) : noah . antique , my. Wilson ? wilson do not answer . noah =lancos at he , wilson ts frown . they cross a short bridse . wilson pauso to knock the howl of hig pipe against the pall . Tho boy start to say somethin= but change he mind . wilson 's gravity have make hin sud@enly shy and ombarrassod . wilson Young man , oan you keep a secret ? . noae ( surprised ) why..eyos , sir ... I think ao . wilson zt neot you holp vory hadly . wilson ( stvine he one of hts raro amilo ) ase mattor cf fact , you be the cnly one can ' kelp no . hepe of moot you ... and have this talk . again he pauso . thkon : ) neah ... you sister may be in croat trouble . . noaz Mary } ( felson not ds ) what kind of treublo ? wilson Tho truth the I be rt really a antiquo dealer , noah . my kind cf hunt be for man . . ( ho pause . noah dce not understand . he are on , very simply ) I be sort of a dotoctive . noah ( involuntarily ) . oh , that 's crazy , Mr. Wilson . Mary weuld not he mix up in anything wronz . ( continued ) > 121 ( contintue ) . . ee . - wilson I be sure she would not , ( not amile reassurincly ) I come tc harper , nenh , lookin for a very ovil man ... a man fer whem ilve een search a long tine . I act myself invite t : yrur hruse last rirht ee I cculd meet yrar brothor- ine law without arcuse he suspicion . ( aghast ) you think gharle be somo sort of a eriminal ? . . wilson I think eo . and iz have the be sure . noah . ( after a pause ... vory srimly so must i. I would have the know that Mary be all richt . cleokine up at he ) , want ae you want I to dn , Mr. Wilson ? noah ... T } ° char ] . imahe.. D want the know every move Charles hankin mode en though day ef he wedding , up tc the time of the coremeny iteel ?. noae ( frewnine ) T should he abla ... . @ new thoucht ) eeotnless Charles roalize what I be aoing wilson , I will keep he susy this afternoon . they continue for a moment in silence . then : ( anor qulity a reassorti : iteel ? ) v ad gee , Mr. Wilson , you must be wren . Mary wuld never fall in lcve with a wilson tunntady porpie gan ? tolp whe tae ? ta. of can fall in love with . , dissolve to mo 'w on 122 . : . interior clock tower afternoon 83. the cast iron angel stand in cne corner as mary , a mock cover she , finishos gildine it . Tho floor be 's strewn with ear and mosh ant rankin , lie on the floor , be ad , usting the worka of though clock below he . the écer open and in onter . : ( aarp a ) why , Mr. F sone wilson gand afternoon . : rankin , plicr in hand , rise to he foot . mary s80 you do not leave ? wilson T be duo fer a vacatinn and it occur to I that the mst ploasant one I could spond wuld to here ... the rankin ) eeewark with you , on the clock ... af you permit it ... he pauso ) ( fanalty ) I be delishtod . wilson : . ( dotne so ) in that case , I will take off ny coat . . rankin you would like to have a lock at though plan , povhap . _ ( gesturin towart draw on tench ) Mary , show hin . sho hand the ¢rawinc to wilson whe gtudica it . wilson - it 's a hohrecht , I fool certain . rankin . iweuld not know . my intorest in elock ig purely mechrnical . mary gue ulanit think be , a ebeer he hold 4 od on guojoct . eee yeu pearci he be aoserine though id sal social svscem '' in term cf a clock , ( continued ) 122 ( continue ) 64 , * wilson how intereate . mary ( regumine she painting ) tell ur. Wilson , cheries . rankin . it 's a man 's prercrative the hore he wite but net a acquaintance . turn to she as she 4a about to paint the sword ) do not paint that , '' we will oloan it . it 's Toledo stoel . wilson supposo you toll mo , mrg. rarkin . mary . well ... as mich as I rommbor . lot 's s00 ... though force thrt run the clock , though spring , or though woitht , or whatever it be be the head of the sento . the pendulum be sé sovornmont which transform hig dnspir - ation inte law . hew a I deine , Charles ? : rankin wolleese ( to wilson it 's most ingenicus . please ge on . mary now , it cota aero complicated . the train of roar arc the workine massos ... form into economic unite which ongage cach other without friction . ge . Tho tooth be the individual . dnd just as this be of flawless metal , well ground and oot ' train and fit vice 2 ° geass 10 nod ani ye wei that 's though idaa in fenghal , emile at he charlos oxplain it in far ereater fetail , of crurse . wilson and wheat atcut the handa ? mary you forst about the rand , Charles . rankin ' ( after a pause ) the hand stand fcr preqress , which weuld | not occur by fite and start , '' ut accerd the the law of harmonic motion . , 8s . oo wilson wo . ( smile ) oo it 's plain to soo that you be no admircr of dcmocracy , ur. rankin , in which progressive idoas be forge in thc heat of friction . ri.nekin on the contrary , I be a comploto domecrat as of this yoar of we lerd . what Mary be toll you haa to do with the year 3000 . filson ( after a pause ) exterior STREET night hilson and nosh walk towards pottor 's , neah push he bicyclo with on : hand , in the other he hold a netebook to which he rcfer , nolh thon he go to a fifth form class which he - dismiss.d , es usual , at half past threc . . ufter that ... until five o'clock ... thore 's a gap I can not account for . he loft webstcr Hall and cross towards faculty row , as if he be go hemc . but ho do not arrive therc for morc than a hour . wilsox '' what tim do he get there ? noa I do not know oxactly , Mr , wilsen , but ho be thore at five o'clock when joff come to pick he up for the wedding . yilson Jeff ? nos that 's Dr. lawrence . wilson be Dr , lawrcne and Mr. rankin go fricnd ? nolh jufft we fricnd . have be all not we life . of : ( hc pauscos .. then blurt out ) he and Mary ... tic think some day they would get marricd . . ‘) 125 . a7 wiison I do not know . . . potter well , .. reckon it do not make much aifference ' mongst angel , ( without pause as one of the boy come to - the counter ) that will be eighty - five cent , the boy pay and he and he fellow go out as filson glance ct he watch . wiison - Mr , rankin be in yet this | evening ? pctter not yet . generslly como down for he peper ' bout now , . witson yes ... I know , casually ) . by the woy , Mr. Potter , we little friend never do come beck for he suitcase , do he ? potter '' nope . witsoy strange . popter ai not 1t , though ? - ( he pause , then : ) be tempt once or twice to tcke . & look end seo what 's inside ‘om . ( he lock hopefully at wit they be not even lock . . fwiison . scem to thot , undor the circumstance , you have a porfcat richt . . potter ( grab the bait ) $ 0 ? ( witson neds , potter be timidity assert itself ) would not want to do it without a witness , think 123 ( cont . ) . a + yitison oh. mnoah , .d...how do you know rankin do not get home for more than a hour . after he lest class ? t road because mery be thoro , wait for he , and he do not show up . wiison . how long be you sister there ? _o mabe " t oh , from about three ofclock on . . she be hang curtain or something , 8o that the place would ba ready vhon they get back from they honeymoon . : witson then you sister wss there until - some time after four ? ( 0 be ° nod } ' and if meinike go to rankin 's house , you sister would hove see he ? ' hoat > mount he .bleyelo . ~ soa meinike ? who 's meinike ? wiison 4a little man who be not hero , they have reach the entrance to potter' , witson stop , bote sota ent to ' ia '. who pedal off , wiison enter 124 . interigcr potter' niair pour harper boy enjoy they solas at a table . wiison go the the fountain . potter instantly start pour coffee ‘or " potter hear you and perfasser rankin aim to fix the clock . ( wizson nods} figure it 'li toll time rightly ? ( viison nod again ) and strike the hour ? ( another nod ) and will the angel circle round the belfry ? ( another nod ) . be that 5 man or '' woman engel , Mr. Wilson ? 126 ( cont . } 's ao ' cn ~~ rankin now know this be meinike be suitcase . he move over to stcnd.on the opposite side of mary from wiison . mary : ( with normal interest } do ho tell you what he be do ' in harper ? potter nope . order coffee . do not drink it . licoke to the phone book . do not telephone . kind of funny look he be . short and fat . walk funny ... like second he might break into a run . mart ( with sudden excitement ) do he have a foreign accent ? beneath the counter , ravein be hand close like ea vise on ner wrist , sho turn to fece he as popt '' R reply . they eye mect , warning in rankin be , witson observe this by play . . pottzr why , yos , ho do . not so much of qn accent ... a8 a foraign way of talk . you know . word in though wrong place . rankin be oyo , fix on nary be , glaro brisfly . then , conscious of witson be intercst , he look down et though counter . but he hand on she wrist incroase its pressure . . wiisot - do you know who he could bo , Mrs , rankin ? mary ( force a laugh ) why ...no. I wo .. , how should I ... I be just try to make you mystery complete . should not e121 mysterious stranger heve foreian accent ? rapkis loose he erin . they 411 turn towerd the door as it open end ' Hoa '' rushcs in , he ignore thoir greeting , . lugar Mary , have you see Red ? : mary . not since I take he home this '' oah .¢ I have look a 1 ] over for he , yy a 126 ( cont . 2 ) 90 . rarein ( ho alone kmow where the dog be ) I think last night you tell I he never run off , moar i ( answore for mary ) Ho never do . mary that 's why '' jloch 's 's : anelous. ( slin down from she stool ) : come on , chtrles , we 'tly go sea . i*1i telephone you , realy - if he 's at we place or not . she lead the wey out , ri " FI at she heel , + slison how shout 4 soda , monn ? + noam .. no , thenk zou , sire thinic itli go look somo morc . yiison _ ttiz jota yu. ( nodd ) goed night , wir . pettor , dfieeton pommr' ricer wiison and 2:..n .' com cut and see the rankin roadster diseppear down the street . '' foat '' '' look after it . hole ww be you eble to find to enything ? wiisom ( nodd ) meinike do go to runkin ' 's heuse . . and you sister do sce he . they move down the strect , camera prtciditg they . moa : * do Mary say so ? wiison she stcrtod to . but when she reelizod that he do not '' ant she to tell , she stoppad . that sister ef yours be a nice girl , och . ~ 4 127 ( continue ) 91 . dissolve to noae what 's the next step , sir ? wilson Mary must loarn what manner of man sho 's marry to . : noah . you do not know Mary . she would not disten t* anythin against he ... much less believe . ww t thihg , noah , '' @ must arrance 3 , no so that she find out for horsoif . ( rub he chin .. reflectively ) . one thing eure , sho knews nothing now .. nothing at all ... cxcopt that he do not want she the admit have scen semeone aho see . I would sive somathing the know what explanation he 's makinz rirht now . 128 . . traveling shot banein' car night rankin , drive at hich speed , gos a car onacurve , his whool 's akid . ware " taredunte : * zasp inwluntarily . . , rantin iwas a student to Genova . thero be & girl ... the nicht hefrre I be the leave , will wont out on the lake torether . sho say sho wuld novor return the shore unless T promisot the marry she . thourht be joke . she be not . befrro I qulé step hor , she would stand up in though beat and mate hor threat cocd . T divod aftor hor , hut she be ccno . ho pauso ) only one persen know we have sone cut on that lako tngethor . her brother . T tell he what have happen . hoe protond not to believe I . accuse mo of she murdcor . thon he seem to rolont . perhaps it hat be a accident . . ie i_woro willinc to compensate he for though loss of he siuter , perhaps there bacht he not noed of a investigation . T fave he what money I have and the next day leave switzorlant . gretually , as the yoar go by , I allew myself tc believe thot the dead past really be dea . - 128 ( cont . ) / 92 . rankin ( cont would ) ( again he pause ) - then , on we wedding day , Mary , he appear again . well , I would once buy ten year of silence . perhaps now I could buy another . anything . pather than risk iosing you . I give he o11 the money I have in the world .. oe . and he go ewey , he stop the car in front of the house and turn . towards she . mary you should have tell I ... not earry this ewful thing all by yourself . rankin msry ... you be very wonderful . ( bho kiss she tenderly ) ' Ana I love you very mich , ee push cpen the door of ths csr . she start to get out . ops . mary Charles ... ( he jook at she ngly oeowhy do not he go back for he 's thing ? rankin ( after of pause ) once he have money , I suppose he could afford bettor . you run on in . I will put the car away . she got out . as she goas into the house , he spin the ear towards the gerege . " dissolve to 129 . exterior meinike's grave wight red be torepan plow into the hard certh , scoop it up : behing hi camera puilis back to include ranki™ , immobile , watch the dog . he take c cautious step forward , his foot snap a e@ brench . instantly , red freeze , head raise to face the intruder . rankin , he chance of surprise go , hold out he hend in a reassure gesture , - ( sortiy ) - here , Red . here , boy . ~ ) . i i29 ( cont .) : 9s . . he move forward gently , hope not to frighten the dog ' before ho can reach he coller . as he hend almost touch , red leap aside , and take a new position . again rankin attempt to reach he without alarming he . again the dog '' evade he . through the naked tree , the pursuit continue ; RA ' ein by turn threaten end cajole . : pinelly , rankin make a sudden grab for the dog . r=d snap at he . ' the two stand - stare et each other for a moment . thon , he face . begin fill the hole red have dig . the dog stand immobile , watch hin . fade out y) 94 . fade in 150 . : interior CLASS room next afternoon noah be deak 1s empty . rankin , a now tensicn in hie manner , 14 lecture . . : rankin ecoHe live dangormialy ... and he be pr a the ate dangerously . during @reator part of he reign , Frederick always carry a vial of poison on he person . he Rover to use it . ( he eyo aro draw to nose be ompty desk . he eusog . ; - than eatch 0 Whore be I , heathonto ? heathoote ( rt eing ) you say predorick do not use he poison , sir . . ( nedd ) . unlike many -f he successcr in . rulinz Germany , Frederick wo he battlos ... and be allow tc die at he appoint time . he he live lonzor , 1 % micsht havo ... ( a deli ring . eo dee a't finish the sentence ) tine , sentlemen . until temorrcw . ee turn back to he desk and tather he peper hurrtedly as though scy exit into the hallway . as straichten up , he stop punuan . rankin oh , purman ? . : furman ceomine to he ) yos , sir . soon loncetroet ? furman : no , sir . he have not see in any of he class today . 130 ( cont . ) 95 . . rankin ( nodd ) — thenk you . I just wonder . dissoly = to 131 . txterior the * ood afternoon beside @ small bridge crossing a hallow gully , noah '' : and fiison stend beside the dead body of red . nostret ( point across the bridge ) I come by juet over there ... whistling for he . TI bet he be try to get to I . yes , sir ... poor old Red ... that 's what he be - try to do . he hoard my whistle , I bet , tut he could not bark or ing . ee crawlod this far end just die . if only I would come down have this path , ita have see he ang — _~ mayba I could have don something . eeh@ would not have die ... all alone . ( he lip tremble threateningly . to cover he emotion , he bend over and pét the dead dog 's heed very gentiy ) poor old Red ...he be en awfully goad dog . ' ( he straighten up ) well ... guess I would better go home and gst a spade so I can go about bury he turn towards hom . but wiisom only lean against the pridge and methodically begin fill he pipe . fiison what do you imagine cause Red 's aceth , Stephen ? | -noae .... I guess he just get sick and ..ce ( the th t suddenly ~ strike ) 's fou do not suppose he could heave mo be poison ; do you , Mr. Wilson ? ( witson , fill he pipe , frown ) but woo wuld do a thing like that to Red ? . 131 ( cont . ) , 96 " , . wiison probably no one . and yet .. well .. it it : be not a dog but a human be , there would be a autopsy . dissolve to 132 . . interior dr . iawrence's examining room a bright overhead light shine down on 4 steel examination table on which lie the sheeted body of red . wiison and hoal . stand watch dr . lawrence as he heat a test tube over the flame of a bunsen burner , the content of the tube poll up . lafrence study it . tafrencs there 's encugh cyanide in he stomach to kill a horse , let @lone a dog . ( vlolently ) oar ~ : we will find cut who do it , will not . we , Mr. Wilson ? we will never stop until we do find out . and then I will kill he during this , wlison hes break off @ little piece of mo from . one of Red 's forepew , wilson how long could the dog have live with thet amount of cyanide in he ? tat'rence not more than a minute or so , I would say . " woah * what do the law say about this kind of murder ? be the penalty the seme as for kill a man ? it ought to be . itts just as bad , wiison then he mist have be poison within a few hundred yard of where neah . .. find he . and the letter part of that -o ~ _. @istance he must have be move more @nd more slowly . ee ( abruptly ) thenk you very much , Dr. lawrence , - rol yes ... thanks , Jeff , 132 ( cont . ) 9 . they put red be body into 4 sack , the boy put it over he shoulder . they go out . ca'mra truck ab ™ad of they as they move down the darken street . wiison : ( show noah ' '' : , the piece of aye mid forepaw nha no mud on hind . ( be orumble it and look at it ) dry leave mix with the mo . Red must have be digging somewhere in the wood . woad have you get any idea whet for , Mr , Wilson ? ( nodd ) _miison a body , I think ... . meiatke 's , noaz. : . ( a horror ) * the little man .... ( wrison nod ) ( the think be too monstrous for word ) pooyou mean ... . Charles .... the little minw . ses on = " oagt * " horrify face : fade cot fot . fade in 133 . exterior sthret day radkin , in shirt sleovas , ‘emerges from the church and cross to potter be . tha door to , the ona tas close , ~~ baukin ise it . it be dock . ror mo ie ee end hat , oarry &@ spade appear unlock it . he open the door to admit raei , camera follow he in potter you just catch I . rankin anything vrong ? poiter wrong ? oh ... you mean , closin 's up like this ? ( ranki ? 's nod ) tust goltt on the scerch . what wero you aftor ? a can %. ° tease 2 potek gota it ) fhat seer potter stiffen ) stata polico ' yvo doputize halt the town . for the body . rankin ( force himscif to be casual ) one miss the news ... up in the clock meee ae set body be they secrching for potter they do not rightly know . it oy bet be it 's the faller thee leave he bag hore , honding he the of 11 ) Fifteen cent . i° 11 put it on you @ccount . they 'ro goin ' to seerch the wood . wont to come slong ? ( start out ) no . I have something to attend to . oo . he hurry cut . pottzr follow he and lock the door on the outside . dissolve to 154 . intericr rain house nay rankin , in the hallway , hang up he coat end hat . . SARA enter from the kitchen . | t SARA oh , 1t be you , sir . I think perhaps it be miss Mary .... I mean , Mrs. rankin , : rankin ( shortly ) she 's cut ? SARA yes , sir . she say she would be back shortly . | ra“ kin nod and start upstairs . dissolve to 135 . interior rankim bedroom day on the bed , a open suitcase be half pack with rapkin be ' clothes , shirt and underwear , ready for pack , be stack beside it . cayera pan wer to raykiw , seat in a armchair beside the window . . he be smoking a cigarette and he finger beat ea nervous tattoo upon the arm of the chair , his eye never move from the window . suddenly he tense . 136 . : exterior rankin ground through the window , rankin see mary drive up to the house and stop the cer in front of the door , 137 . : interior rankin redroom rankin instantly rise , butt he cigerette , and resume he pack . he pay no attention to the murmur of mary '* S and sara' voice from below , nor the sound of mary be heel @s she run up the stair , Sne open the door and come - into the room , apparentiy surprising he , ( enter ) Sara tell I you be ; ... jece iin peceing ) see. pa why be you pack ? be we go somewhere ? : he streighten up and lock at she for a mament in silence , then slowly go to the door and close it . he turn back to mary end take she hand in he . he kiss first one , than the other . ~~) 137 ( continue ) ae 200 . rankin . we be not , ny dearest ... I an. : mary what be you talkin about ? rankin . as a rule , mon loavo they wife hecause they dont dove they , but I ... he-falter ... regning | bis self - control ) zt meet peeve you decause I dn . sho start to speak Ho atop hor ) oh , you will make no objoction ence you know the kind of man you marriod . : mary you arg the man I marriod . that 's all that batter . I mean what I say ... for better , .. for worse . ( harshly ) even tc kill Red ? wary rocoil instantly . rankin . watchos narrowly for she ree ( aghast ) you o-uld not have . rankin and yot ... 2 do . it be a accident . . rannkin no . I moant the kill hin . mary I can not helievo ... you know bew much T leve hin . rankin oh , there be reason enouch , murder san he a chain , Mary . one link lead to ancthor until it circle you nock . ( ho turn away from she , her stricken oye fcllow he the the window ) ss Red be digxing at though crave of a man I ktllod . yea ... yrur uttle manee . mary ( in a whisper ) you kill he ? y) " 137 ( cont . ) . 101 . with this hand , ( not hold they out to hor ) the same hand that heave herd you close to mar , ( again harshly ) . now aro you satisfied to let mar go ? mary ( 4 m a agonize voice ) why aid you do it ? . rapkin I would heave give he al ] I have .... but he dream wer fer grander . he know that you father be wealthy ... do you ever stop to think I be make a vory good match in marrying you ? stop torture I . raikin he be suro that justice longstreet would be glad to protect he daughter against scandal by pey a fow thousand doliar , turn back to face she ) oh , Mary , I should have go away and lose myself in a world where moinike could never find I . thst 's what I should have do . instoad.. , . ( he look at she for a long moment ) T love you and i. be weak . ( he turn back toward the window ) mary ( she-comos to he side , then softly ) . chary ... ir one of we gee , we both go . ( sho manage a tremulous smile ) you would have share helt oy trouble , Charles , if I have hed any . rankin ( he seem about to yield , then he body stiffen and he face become grim ) no .... I will not let - you . y) 137 ( cont . 1 ) 102 . mary tell not , Charles ... : -( she hesitates , then : ) what be there to connect you with that mon ? ( the victor ) nothing , actuslly . you be the only one who know I know hin . mary then whet have you to fear ... if I *m the only one who can speak ? rankin put in fall to speak you become qa pert of the crime . mary I be a part of it anyway because I 'ma pert of you . fer the tir st tine , rankin fool completoiy secure . he start to sweep she into he orm . ylold herself willingly to he . thon som instinctive reaction that she herself doos not understand make she body tremble . rankin instantly pull beck ... only he hand remain on she arm . rankin and yet you shudder at the first touch of my hend ... as though it be the touch .of death . . mary ( shaking she head ) it 's nothing . nerves . ~ ( fore hersoif ) hold mo close , Charles . she raise she lip to he , watch she intentiy , he kissos she . she force herself - to respond . then , suddeniy , she slump in he erm , she have faint . again , all expression fe11 from he face . his sye grow dull end he mouth hang slightly open . he pick she up eud carry she to the bed . he loys hor down and stend look down at hor , unconsciously , 'his finger flex themselves . ee know now that sho , too , mist die , during this , over scene , there have arisen the excited shout of boy run . past the house . he becane conseious of the sound . its meaning be obvious . he be himself agein as he eross to the window . 13a. 195 . exterior rankin house through the window , rankin sog boy run to and for shouting excitedly to cach cther , they word lose in the wind 1359 . interior mankin bedroom rankin throwa open the window and lean cut . ( call ) fulbright . vtelker , - what 's happen ? . boy 's voice they have find the grave , sir . they be digwing now . witheut answerinz , rankin shut the windew again . ' then turn back to mary a she begin the atir . . 240 . exterior the wood afternoon meinike be crave have boon cpen ond a rope have heen strungz on stake arcund it t koop though crrwi frem trample arcund it . the oxhume body lie , under canvas , deside the crave , unitcrme atate patrolmen be snappinc picture of the scene . . potter , sweat stain from the exerticn of digwing , be talk to twe man in f.¢. potter know darn woll it be the samo follor . ' course ho 's ohanzof eome . bein ! bury in the earth do 1t . camera swincs away tc wilson and noah atan * on a little knoll , inoking mown at the scene . 88 noah what will we do ahout Mary ? we sante leave hor alono with he ... new that we know ? ( quokoe he pipe emeko he pipe a silence . then : she realize new that whatever ' story ho tell she abeut moinike be folse . ( ho pause ) noah , I think ycur sister should ba really to hear the truth . ro 104 . ~~ 141 . ent * rior rankin dine roch '' ight wary and rankin be dining b7 candlelight . the food on she plate be v’-tually ignore . rankin be force himself to cat . rayeln ( vreak the silence ) you must eat , darling . like a obedicnt child , mary piok up she forte and put some food inte she mouth . sno teke a sip of water to help she swallow . mary Charles ... they will not mako mar look et though dody , will thoy ? RA " kin I should not think so . . mary . I could not do it . at joast , I do not think I could . I nevor see @ doed person ... she break off as SARA entor , vagetable dish in hand . + " rankin how many be you have at you tea ? . mary twenty -eight , @ 11 together . ( to saba..at - hor elbow ) no more , thenk you , Sara . a . SARA you do not eat moro than that , you will be fainting ogein . raneln ( to mary ) be 't that too many for just you and Sara ? ' ( to SARA , at he olbow ) no more for I sither , thank you . slr we will manage 411 right . she exit into kitchan . a : ( in a low urgent voice ) must we , cherles ? ) ) 141 ( cont . ) . , 208 . rankin ( almost fiercely ) hush . of course have mst . mary but wheat if I should ... rankin should what ? ( mumb ly ) I do not know . I only know that I be terrify of see anybody ... of be see . rankin ( voice level ) . you mst keep tight hold of yourself , Mary . if you be really go through with this you mst now beforehand whet you be go to asy ... and do , yet you mst give the impression of absclute naturalness . ( without a break as reenter to clear avay ) Dr. hobson may not be able to cama , he have a meeting on Tuesday morning in Boston . unless he make perfect sonnect Lane . - »« 1 @ telephone ring offscene as sira erit ) eee above all , you mist give the ssion of absolute naturalness at @ll time , I be prepare to face the police or ... : ( again he interrupt himself as SARA exter ) SARA it 's you father , miss mery . he went to talc to you . . mart slip from she chair and go to the telephone in hall fust outside dining room , mary ( into phone ) hello . " _ ( peuse ) why , yes , I think so ... again a pause ) just wait one second . I will see . she set the receiver down on the table and come back to the doorway . panic be in she tone , 141 ( cont . ) 106 : a mary ( cont to ) he want I to come over . . ' ' RA " ein ( leve1ly ) do he ask I too ? mary ( shaking she heed ) he say he vant to see I alone . I be frighten , Charles . . rankin there 's nothing unusual in a father want to see he daughter . you must go . she look at he , then she eye drop as she turn back to ' the phone . rankin rise from the table and follow she into the hell , camera papnidg '' itt he . ( et : phone ) 411 tight , '' adam , I '11 be along in a few minute . she hang up and look at she buebend . ravkin : ( reassuringly ) you can drop mar off at the church . T will work on the clock while you be with you father . when you be through , you can join I there . mary Charles ... I be afraid . it be so point ... he went ’to see I @lone . and he volce , it sound different . radkin ( nis hend on she hair ) you know what you be go to say , dontt you , Mary ? you know you hold my life in you hend ? look up st he , she nod slowly . dissolve to ~ 142 . : intericr upper healdvay lc gstrtet home night mary , visibly brace for ony emergency , cross to the entrance of she father 's study . I hesitetss a moment . then throw open the door . ») 107 . hifinron once lomestmezr 's etoor sraar 's mary , silhouett in the light from the hallway behind she , stands on the threshold of a dark room . there be no sound except & faint metaliic murmur , not instantly identifiable . the sound stop and the room be suddenly light . 144 . the room from mary angtes wilson stand beside the judge's desk on which be mount @ sixteen millimetre projector , a'reel of film half run . | at the opposite end cf the room , @ portable screen mask the bookcase , the judge , he face line , rise frem he rocker which have beon move to face the sorsen . . judge lomcstreet ( gravely ) . come in , Mary . ( he closs ' the door behind hor , smile at she reassuringiy ) sit down , my dear . mary ( look from hor father 7 to witson and back to she father again ) be something wrong ? judge longstriit Mary ... Mr. Wilson be here on a very serious matter end we mist try to help he in every way possible he want to ask some question of you . ' _ mary 7 what be it you wish to know , Mr. Wilson ? . witson you know about the body that be discover yvosterday ? ( mary nod ) . do you ever meet the decease , Mrs , reukin ? . * | mary no , Mr. Wilson , I do not , wiison eave you see the body , Mrs. rankin ? mary mowee wilson then how con you be sure you never mte ? 144 cont would tos . mary ( hesitates ) 's of course I can not be gure . wiison ( produce a photograph - hand it to mary ) do this photograph serve to refresh you memory , Mrs , rankin ? ( hold it , mary try to kcep she 's hond from tremble . she shake she head 145 . INS " rt : picture of msinixe , in civilian clothes , in mary tremble hand , wiison' voice be you sure you do not recognize he ? 146 . . back to scene - mary ( mask foar vith a@ show of onger ) of course itm sure . do - you suspect I of somthing . if so , what ? winson of shield a mirderer . mary haif rise from she chair . her knee buckle and she sink back . wiison ( cont 'a ) mes. renkin , I be on the ally cormission tor the punishment of war criminal . it 's my job to bring escape Nazis to justice , it 1s that job that bring mar to harper . mary surely you do not think .:. I have never so mich as know @ nozi , Mr. Wilson . wiison you night , without realize it . they look liko other people and act like they - when it 's to they interest . ( he pause , then with apparent irrolevance } . itve be show you father som film , Mrs. rankin . I would like you to sce they too . 109 . 146 ( continue ) . . . wilson throw the licht switch , the reom ig in darkness . . mary , not knowin what to anticipate , sita tense in she chair . judge longstreet be anxious oyea stay on har . wilson , un - _hurriedly , move to the projector . he teuchos a switch . Tho sound cf the motor bogin again . after a gccond the licht in the machine come on ani the picture be threwn cn though screen . the scence be cf buchenwald . a { meet ) hrs. ranki the ceed cas or be ose dantidate be fire gtvon hot shower s¢ that they pore weult he open and the gas wuld act that much | mere quickly .. that be a cromatory , mra , hankin . ' twonty furnace in a line wero kopt % = day and nicht ... Ana that 1s @ lime pit in which hundred of , mon , woman and ldron wear bury - mary ( unable the tako she eyo frem the screon ) why de you wish I to lock at this horrera ? . wilson thoy be all though preduct ef cne mind ... eeetho mind of a man name walther kuhn . '' t iant 2. the the nana ) '' ty walthor kuhn ... the film contanue , thoush wilson not lonser pay any atten - ticn to it . '' his cencorn ts with mary , wilson the be kuhn who sencetyet the theory of mass tien ef ernquore sountriess en the recartiag of who biologically epoakinz . it be fer this purpose that the mag murder ho inatisate wear conceive . he pause . her eyee 7 hack to the - screen . thon : ) unlike Goebbels and himmler and the : othor , kuhn have a pageion for anonymity . he wspaper carry not picture of hin . i 146 ( cont . ) 116 ° . . wiison ( cont would ) and , before he disappear , he destroy 411 evidence that might - link he with he past , down to the last fingerprint . there be no clue to the identity of walther kuhn ... except one little thing .... he have a hobby that almost amount to a manie .... clock . mary ( start to get out of she chair - she knee buckle - she slip back into it ) so have lot of people ... you .. yourself , wilson ( ognore she question ) I have not finish , Mrs. rankin . in prison in Czechoslovakia , a creature name meinike be await execution . meinike be the one-time executive officer of walther kuhn , he wes a obscenity on the face of the earth . the mmell of burn flesh be in he clothes . we give he he freedom on the chance that he might lead I to kubn . he lead I here , Mrs , rankin . and here ; I lose he , . , . until yesterday . you dog , Red , find he for I . but . unfortunately meinike be dead end bury .. eemginike have find kuhn and kuhn hed murder he because he ras afraid that meinike wes a threat to he own safety . tater , he murder Red becauss Red also have become a threat , now , in all the world , there be only one person who can identity walther kuhn . that person be the one who know ... know positively .:. who meinike cam to harper to see . the last frame of film run through the projector and the loose and flap monotonously against the still turn reel . right light shine full on the screen . wilson ignore mary ( finally ... almost moan ) : it do not know . , .. L know nothing ... let I alone ... now '' iison snap on the room light ... turn off the projector . 146 ( cont. 1 ) . '' ie . '' wiison '' you wear at rankin 's house during the afternoon of though day you be ' marry ? ves , ( gasp ) wiison do anyone como to the door while you be thers ? mary not that I romember . filson try you best to remember , Mrs , rankin . it be not so long ago ... only three week , you wear hang curtain , mary no ono come . : wiison — be you alone the whole time ? =~ so mary . ( after a pause ) no . . wrrsor who else be thore ? mary Charles be , ( with a great effort of will , sho ocmpose herself , then continue ) eo camo right after he last class , and we wear togcther for more than a hour , ( she riso ) Mr , Wilson ... you have nothing to link my husband with this man , . xubhn ... except . a wild suspicion . < a ridiculous suspicion . you be try to use mo to implicate he . you can not . I will not discuss it further . ( without warning , she throw open the door and exit ) 's tudgt lo " gstreet ~ . Mary 's a he follow she out of the room , . me.t wot 147 . ' intericr salimay night mary run down though stair , hcr father appear at they head . { hes ) . lopcstreet célling to she wait a minute , sister , ( the use of the old term of affection stop she ; she pause , irresolute , then turn to face hin . he came down to she , put he arm around she shoulder and they continue down stair together ) that 's batter . ( they rogch the bottom . he turn she to face - he ) . you know that you wolfere and - bogh 'a ' ' meens more to mo than anything , do not you ' mary ( she voice a * little unstcady ) yos , '' Adam , I know that . judge lomsstriet we have get to face this thing with ° complete honesty , sister , you entire happiness may well depend on you speak the absolute truth . ( mary begin to ery , silently ) if Mr. Wilson be right and you have innocently marry a criminal .... it 's mo marriage and there ts no call upon you loyalty as a wife , mary Charles would not do anybody any harm oe except to protect somebody he dove , he 's good . . . judg ? logstrest in thet case , the truth can not hurt he . {she look up et he . his voice be very gentle ) Charles be not with you thet afternoon , sister . I remember you say so when you come bom , mary ( suddenly fly out ) you be against Charly ! you have never like he ! thet 's why you will not believe meet : let we alone ... he 's my husband , .. and I love himt $ ! more than I love yo ...or wonh , .~++.0F anybody ?! let we alone ..e.. y ; '' a 147 ( cont . ) : 113 , " she fling open the front door and run out . judge longstreet look after she sadly . there be the sound of she summing | footstep .. then the slam of a car door .... the grind of starter ... the clash of gcar ... the motor racing as she speed - away . then the judge hoar wiis@ ''s footstep as he come slowly down the stair , the judge turn 'to face he , fiison osrries a case in which be the projector . wiison - you sce , judge longstreet , it 's not that you daughter do not believe the fact . she can not accept they . her conscious will will not allow she , they 'ra too horrible to acknowledge , not so mich that rankin could be kubn .... as that she could ever have give she love to such 4 creature . ( he pause ) but we have one ally . ( judge - longetrnet look at he , not understanding her subconscious . it know what the truth be and be struggle to be hear . ( they move out of the hhouse ' and down ths step , c.mera precede they ) the will to truth within you daughter be too strong to the deny . judge tomgsthest ( thoughtfully ) look here , Wilson .... if he be not Charles rankin , wa should be able to expose hin without too much difficulty . wiison I be not interested in prove he isntt geary rankin , judge longstreet . I be oaly interested in prove that he be walther kuhn , tge lot STREET eow do you propose to do that ? 148 . the man be move down driveway . witson through you daughter . os hesitates ) ») ' 1ae ( cont . ) , . lade wiison ( cont would ) uniess I be mistaken , she 's head for a nervous breakdown . that 's the usual result of a person be inwardly divide . renkin will recognize this . that 's what I be banking on . judge lomsthn=t what do you mean ? fiison be can not afford to trust a porson approach hystoria , Ho will not . he will have to act . ( dispassionate ly ) Ho my try to cscape bufore she eollepse . which would be a admission of guilt . ofee . with irritate mthodicalness , he stop , rap the bowl of , nis pipe against the projector case , then examine it meticulously to bo sure the lest shred of tobacco have be knock cut . satisfied , ho unsorew the stem , judg . loncstreet ( dmpationtly ) go one beforo answer , witson biow through the disconnect stem , then squint through it to see that it its clean . ee serews it back on . then : fiison ( calmly ) Ho may kill she . ° judge lomgstre=t ( with , inoreduli t ) . Mr. Wilson ... this be my daughter we 'ro discuss . vrrsor you 'tro shocked at my cold - bloodedness , tudge longstreet . ( he resume walk . E lomgstreet have no alternative but to continue with he ) that 's quite natural . you be she father . it 's because you be she father that I be talk like this . I feel I owe it to you . ( he pause ) . naturally , I shell try to preven 's murder be don , | ! 148 ( cont . 1 ) iié- in far b.g. , the silhoustte of the clock tower come into viow . chro remain stationery as the two man move on , they volee become more and more indistinct . wiison ( cont would ) however , the proof that murder be he aim be though strongost evidence you daughter could have ... no further word oan be hear . camera begin move forward towards the clock tower . dissoiv ? to 149 . interior clock toyer night 150 . 184 . swing from a cross benm , 4 lightod lantern throw ghostly shadow through the roam , trensform its upright oaken ~ beame end upright inte eerie cutiine . rankin , in shirt sleeve , be work on the clock , the pound of he hammer and chisel deaden any outsido noise . there be jubilation in he eyo , the door opon and mary enter . she stand on the threshold , rvotehing he . . close shot mary : a startling chango have take placo in she since leave she father 's house . hor face be sot in rigid line and she . cye be very herd , darting suddenly first to one side then the other ag though in foar of betng watch . ' there be no sign of any hysteria in hor manner , though hor movement and speech brand she as 4 nourotic . . mary ( cold voice ) cheric . interior clock torer night rankin turn to face she , his face be work with excitement , he hardly seas she . bankin : waitt he turn back to though clock . suddenly it be in motion . hereaftor throughout the sceno thore be the regular beat indicate the pass of though socond . : rankin ( cont would ) it 's work ! aftor how long ? after more than a hundred yecr ..e. listen , . ( he move he head in time with the beat ) y) 151 ( cont . ) . 126 , mary it be a trap ... just as you sald . Wilson be thorc , Ho try to tell I you be a Nazis . 's somabedy call walther kuhn .. as if I 'a4 believe such c thing . imegine ... you ... a ascapod nozi . rankin stop he work ... i8 silent ..... thon , after 4 moment , tesume work . . : mary ( cont would ) he think hot wry clover , that wiison ... vory clever indeed . his ideo be to horrify mo into tell he about moinike , you would not polieve anyone could think up such fantastic thing . {she laugh ) rapeln ( laugh with she ) who do ho say ho think I be ? mary walthor kuhn . ( she stop loughing ) you be not , aro you ? . rlukin no. mlry Ho make it all up ... just to trep mo..sbut I tell he nothing . I tell father nothing , I outface they both . ths clock begin to chime , rlnein listen . {he count the beat with imperceptible movement of he head ) 4 & good omen . msry it will bo simnic onough to prove you be n'te . ( she hositote over though neme ) eethat Nazi . ye will find somebody who be in you cless ct collego . he will idontify you ... and that 's all there will be to it . y 181 ( cont. 1 ) oo lip banein but if ho be not really after walther kuhn . if eli that 's just to horrify you , as you seid , then what would be the use ? # 5 can not touch I ... I be quite safo ... if you sey nothing . mary I will not , cherlo ... I promise , thoy can torture I . overscene though sound of voice . call from the distance . raen ( trlumphantly ) } '' the chime havo awaken harpor , we must go down . Act naturelly . smile at thom . he put he amm around she shoulder and lead she onto . lend . mary I shal . ' she start down though ladder first . rinein be careful . ( he give hor he hand ) mary I do not ncod any help .... really , diorlo , they start down though ladder . dissolve to berenror gmurch sight six or eight townspeople have bcen coiled out by the chime ef the clock . some be fully dress , bat most have hastily pull on whatevzar ras handiost . potter , overcoat over pyjamas , occupics though forefront . potter eoeandg when she strike , that ongel stertod march . it be a sight to bohold . rankin and mary emorge from the church . ' they be instantly surround . .. 182 ( cont . ) ig '' first man you sure pull it off , Professor . my het 's off to you . . second " in congratulat ion , poman wo not the rector be dolightod ? second pom be it goin’ to chine avery hour ... 311 night . how 's a porson to get they slsap ? wary ond rankin , caictre vig tity thtm , as they pass the villager , lust , hoad high , rest she hand lightir on she husher4 's rra , sho be smile proudly at sh. townsmon '' 3 thor congretulate rift . as thoy pess boy :cd the inst villagsr , without look up at he , sho speck : mary ( confiaontiz ) } we will faeo taom , Charles , all of thom . fade out pade in 154 .. a long table at one end of the rankin live room 4s pile high camera pell with the eraphernalie for a toa party . back to roll ' tof room ; day . it 18 fill with flowor and the autumn sun stab foobly into the room . on another table , glass , ico bucket , whiakoy docantcr and sho : await that guost with a stroncor tasto than tea . SARA , cappod ané aprone , place the inst plato of sandwich and cako on the table ag mary , woarine a tailore dross , a sovere strand cf amber ahout hor nock , appear in the dror -. way . thore be a new risidity tc she tory and the carriage of she heui . har cye swocp the reom an’ roack the window . t t not go. tac curtain . a \shc etart closin= they ) . I 'vo tell you I want thon draw . I 4 - not like the sunlin~ht stream in . ( tartly ) . in though first place , there be not any sunlisht , t- call gunlimht . ' and , in the scernd plrice , it would not hurt 1 '' thoro be . ( fantsh slnsin= they ) it 's have for the curtain . SARA mise Mary , that 's rub’ : iah and you know fr . up at the thor heuse , will never drow a curtain in cur life . . mary that have nething to de with it . gus be my house , and I want then be . SARA ( etartin cut ) . suit y:urself . but it 's cortainly goine t+ look . slocmy for the party . : 120 . 154 ( cont . ) . mary ( a momentery panic be in she eyex ) be it time for that already ? '' for answer , the door bell ring . saha ( exite ) seem a if . mary , habit ard instinct reassert itself , look to see that all be ’in readiness , then , calm and poise , she move towards the ball to greet ter cuest , whose voice can already be hear , : iss , intericr potter' . ptertoon insert : 4 medical frischittion , the scrawle handwrite ia illegible tut the print letterhead of jeffrey lawrence , M.D. harper , cont , , be plain to read , camera pull back as potter place ux large jim o? capsule on the prescription . rankin face he . hot sleepin ? he begin countinz some out inte a amali box . vhatt tne witter , aanei oh , they be not for I , ir . rankin have not heen sleep very weil . : potter do not approve of sleepin ! 's pill . never have . ilan do & dey 's work , he will get a night 's sleep . ( across . the square , the clock strike the patter hour . potter 3 leastway , . , ( raise he voice ) leastway , he could until that clock start boncing every few minute . ( re hand raneiy the little hox ) tell Mary to watch herself with this thing , thevtre dangerous . , . if you take too many . rankiy ( pockete the pill ) I will renenber , ) 156 . : interior rankin live mou . pterroon : in. 185 ( cont . ) : a rankin ( he atart out . then remember something ... stop ) oh ... Mrs. rankin want some ice eream . I think she order it , fotter already go . . ( rankin look at he in surprise ) Mr. tilson seid he way goint by you house : so I give it to he . rankin stiffen inwardly . then , without a word , hurry out of the store , fpoctitn look after aim in surprise . the school masterz 9:4 they wife crowd the room , the murmur of they voice ris ' . a above the tinkle of cup on saucer . the fire be i4t acainst the cool autum afternoon , woah '' 1s passin a plate of sandwich , mary , outwardly the serene hostess , be liaten politely to dr . eise.°5 , a elderly master while , simaltaneously , strain to ovsrnear another corversation go on between harold , another master , and hrs . tinsdall . dr . lawrence , tea cup in hand , stund before the fireplace . he eye . mary , anxiously . . camera move in on 33 , ftoinll and harold , hold nary and hibbard in ber . ers . tinsdall be you able to see when the open the grave , ir , harold ? ( harold nod ) vas it too horrible ? harold ( sumgly ) not the most pleasant sight . camera move past they to mary and hibeard , eatching the latter in mid-sentence . hisb . rd eeeand in order of they importance I rank Oliver wendell holme , Louis Brandeis and you father . lary ( mechanically ) Father would be very flatter , during this , she have overhear the continustion of _ conversation between harold and mrs , ' tingd / il. 186 ( cont. } 122.°. . '' rsl tinsdall I be absolutely terrify , I would not dreem of set foot : outside the house , unless Fred be along . who know ... he might be anywhere ... the mrderer , I mean ... | wait for '' new victim . mary have hear as much of this conversation as she can stand . ( to hibbard ) forgive I , Dr. hibbard . I mast be a hostess , she turn away acc , as sha dee so , face the door . her eye widen . inveluntaril ; , she gasp . 157 . the door ' ay mary see '' ilson , packea :e in hand , pause irresolute on the threshold . back to scene momentary panic 13 in 3.ry¥ be eye u3 she stare et wilson . he come forward easily . bilson ( take she hand ) I hope you have not forget you be kind enough to invite I , Mrs. rankin , wary ( stare at he .in @isbelier ) no ... no of course not . bilson ( hold it up ) you . Potter ask I to deliver this . ( try to put she at she ease ) T hope it basntt melt . before mary can ansver , weal appear beside then . naag. . '' I ?ll take it , ur. \iiLaon . Sara 's wait for it . he exit towarda hallwey anc the kitchen beyond . ' wilson ah ... there 's Dr , lawrence . I will not detain you , tir . rankin . a 158 ( cont. ) ias . her eye follow he as he cross towards fireplace . then , determinedly , she cutch hold of herself and turn towards the tes table . c.ciih . wove with she es she near a large chair in which old uru , . u. wrence be seat , completely surround by faculty member . one of they , mr . lundstrum , be boring she . , lundstruw oeemark my word , the first thing to do be find who , in harper , have ever deen to South america . then , by a process of elimination .... mrs . luwrence ( interrupt ) poppycock . , I have not read every mystery story in the last twenty year for nothing . the murder be commit by a fiend .. , who will turn out to be a highly respected member of the commmity . he 's too intelligent to do away with resident of harper ... or the linnediate vicinity . they would be miss immediately . with indiesnt it 's a different story , ' while he pick tramp and tie like , taat danger do not exist . ( gesture towards window ) there may well be ten .. , or a dozen ... grave out there in that wood . je tad ( shudder . prettily ) good heavens . ( enxious to change . the topic ) - : let I pet you somo more tea , gran lawrence ? - ers . lavrence ( shaking she head , plunge on ) it 's as plain w.¢ the nose on you . face . autopsy revcole that the murder be sommitted just three week , do not it ? pull moon , be not it ? Butcher of Nuremberg waa only sctive then , wasntt he ? and Jack the ripper . and that frenchman ... what 's he name ... landru , ers . WD ( unhappily ) | I wish you have not tell we , Mrs. lawrence . wfter thiz I shail always be afraid to go out in the moonlight . by myself , i mean ... . 188 ( cont . 1 ) . 124 , hary be eve go to hilson and lavrence : she be ina panic to know what be transpiringe between they . lundstrum ( gallantly ) it wag never intend that ladic ... especially pretty one . , , should go out in the moonlight by themselves . ( turn to she ) do not you agrao : , mra , rankin ? ry ( startle ) I beg you pardon , I be not listen . ( she eye go back to . bilson anc lat : sunce ) exeuse I . : she crossca to they . they breuk off they conversation . wry jeff...can I set you some more tea ... or a drink ? lsrence itm fine , thanks . . ( force herself ) you ... Wilson ? wilscv Thane you . . teah promise ... ( nou : onter , highball flassa in nand ) he 's kopt he promiss , he take the glass and raise it to he lip . the front door slam , they turn towards the sound . 159 . door t6 hll ranein enter hurricdly , stop short . } 82 - prrertce ranein be eye search the room . then he see wilson stand with dr . laorence ani mui . 161 . the doort . y completely himself , he come forward , greeting he guest . r.nain good afternoon , ur , rand . Howard , ow be you drink ? i2 , a _ 162 ( cont . ) wo they smile and show they glasy . wary enter to they , rake hello , darling . r.. wkin okiss she ) sorry to be lat« . . mary {in response to the pressure of he hand ) exeus. we . they move away a few faet , ciwith .. stay with they . ranzin ‘( in e@ low tone ) whet 's he do here ? lrt we ask hir , , . that first night ... rktn unat 's he after ? : ( z.r¥ shate hur head ) be you all right ? gary {nodainr ) of course . quite , they be interrupt by ruidall . randall .. ( enter the thom ) oh , rankin , .. I have beon mvuan to ask you ... be you familiar with . a french author , Joseph dorat ? rankeik dorat ? no ... I think not , randall goseph Claude dorat . I have just discover he . vrote some very amise light verse . with nica gallic cynicism . I will lsnd hin the you . : foukin : splendid , ~~ tusndall xn do you rend fronch , ifr . rankin ? yw ) 161 ( cont . 1 ) ( ) mary nodd with difficuitz . pail..ll : anything new about we great mystery ? rankin t have hear nothing . . ratdall queer business , be not it ? raiixin very . randle ‘hat would a south - merican ... just off a doat ... d2 doin : up this way ? anawor that one and I think the mystery be solve . p.. nsty I be afraid I cn not ... and .or that one . mrs , lawrence be voiec , sucdenl : raia , interrupt they . | on . lawrence Jeff ...orine er , wilson over here , I want to speal : to he . obedientiy , br . lv rxnci and tilson move to she side . gp . lirince — let mce prosent you to ry grandmother , air , yilson , vilson ( ahaking hand ) how do you do , iir . lawrence ? mr . lalrence racen want to sse you . diyou know you be thzy mumber one suspect in we mrder caso ? wilson - oh . ers . gn trewce so far , youtre the only suspect . Potter put th finecr a you . Fe think you cormitted the crime to get possession of some priceless antique . 126 , - 162 . wilson 127 . — ( laugh ) T be afrnid of that . there be ceneral loughter ani then normal conversation break out again . fl. nki cone to wilson be side . rankin let I gop you another drink , Wilson ? wilson thank you . suddenly , the clock begin chime five . the noise make conversation impossible . everyone be force to raise they votcus anc start shouting to make themselves hear . mrs. lamrence be risus above they . wis. lavvance Charles rankin ... I wish you would leave that clock alone , harper be a nice qaiet place until it begin bang . mary move away , ci stay with she . stand alone , ' she clasp she hand oo thot tic kimeklo show white . she stand thus for a lone moment untii she hag reguine she a composure . . dissolve to 163 . . interior balltay late pero mary , ronein at she clbow , atand in the doorway , speed the last cuest . mary yes.. , lovely ... Friday night . she close the door and turn , hari and eomposecd . as she face rankin , they cyr meet and hold . she smile at he triumphantly . ( cr hand go to she thront and she run one finger around the inside of the necklace as though it be suddenly too tight for she . then she raise both hand and attempt to unfasten it . the catch stick . she jerk at it . it still stick . : ranily here ... let mce help you . he take a ster towards hur and stop as she suddenly break into a wild sobbing . s23. enter ag mary , with a harry gesture , tear at the atrand with toth hand , snap the thread . the bvade seatter and rell acress the floor , ~~ unnotice . by this breas in she control , usry has sign she nx death warrant , r.nkin no longer have tine for delay . he put ° a comforting arm around she shoulder and start lead she upstairs , 3.7.. watch they , unhappily . dissolve to »» : ae , 164 . : interior judge longstreet study night judge longstreet , - noah. / , DF 2 with wilson , to whom s..ri. 1 on hor . l.wrence and sar. be present speak . 411 eye be fix sika she St stand there ... pull at the necklace as though ... as theugh .... wilson ( quietly ) #s ' though it be a noose about she throat . ( for the first time there ic a note of trinzph in bis voiec ) go on . it break ... ind the bead scattered all over th : floor . ( she pause ... then with venom ) ge take she up stair . she be . cry like she hourt would break . '' never say a word . I wont up to seo what I could do , but he would not oven lot I in the room . Said they be not to be disturb . but she be still ery when I cane out . gla rence ( come to he foot suddenly ) : you can not let this will on , Wilson have he arrest . ' hhat more do you necd ? . judg longstreet ( quiotly ) we have be 21 ] over this . de need hor acknewlcdgenent of the truth . until then , nothing . {he pause ) i'm nat onjoy this any moze than the reat of vou . but itty nexrly over . ( he hesitates . then : ) the patternt se slear , the dram curtain ... to shut out the light of truth , rofvsing the so anywhere , ... the admission of hur own complicity . dnd now , .. the break . . es . 164 ( cont . ) . " iilson the floodseatss bnve open . der subconscious have almost win , . ( pause ) from now om , will omst know every move hrs , rankin mke . she 's mever to leave the house , unless I know where she 's go . if , for any reason , I can not be reach ... she 's to be dotain ... no matter on what protext . judge longstreet you understand , Sara ? ( grimy ) do not worry . she will not get by I . judge longstreet ( he voice torture ) hen she snap that bead , she sign she ceath warrant . ' ic ' tre earry she lif : in we hand . every time she walk on a slippery '' sidewolk ... ds near anything that can } fall .... drive a automobile ... anything that could result in aceidental dcath , .. she life be in danger . litrence ( suddenly ) great heaven ! wilson yos ? lal : pence I give renkin a prescription for sleoping pill ... yesterday ... before I know ... a overdose of they ... wilson you have no cause to worry , Dr. lawrence . you guve rankin the prescription . he would never Gare use it . it would not have the require quality of accident . in tha distance , thc clock sturt to strike ten . ~~ dissolve to ~ os close shot ... glus3 of milk , steam rise from it , on a small silver tray . the chime continue . camer . pull bacz to wider ach . : . . 180 , 165 ( cont . ) the tray be on 4 small table in rankin be room . he stand at the medicine cabinet in the bathroom beyond . in the distance though clock finish chime . rankin tekos @ small bottle out and come forward to the table . he open the bottle . he shake eight or ten of the pellet into he hand , thinks a minute . restore - all the pollet to the bottle , save one . ' that he drop into the milk . then , tray in hand , exita into adjoin room . 166 . interior spare bedroom night the light be on , the window completely cover by draw curtaina , the bed hos be occupy and the cover be throw back . mary , in negligee , walk back and forth across the reom . her eye be aleepluss . she turn to face r4&nkin , rakin ( smile ) it 's time you be asleep , obediently , she geta into bed . riwein ( cont would ) ( seating himsc1 for beside hor ) ~ : drink this , my darling . a ( she ‘obediently start sip it ) you will slcep now , ( not swdle at ber ) T put a sleep pill in it . sry I do not want any medicine . I be all right , Charles . really , I be . rinkin and I do not want you lie awake . I like have a beautiful wife . she contime to drink the hot milk in silence . then : fanein lf ( take the empty glass from she hand and turn off the lirkt ) sleep , my darling . msey ( sottling down .... drowsily ) > . good night , Charles . ranein good night , Mary . , '' ) . nae ‘y 166 ( cont , ) " 132 her eye close . he stand watch she in silence by the half light come through the door to he reom . her breathe become heavicr . she be asleep . he look around he . then cross to the window , pull back the curtain quietly , raise the shade a few inch , and open the window . again he look down at she , then quietly go inte he own room , close the door behind he . 167 . interior ranxin' room night he hastily start dress . dissolve to 168 . : exterior church night rankin slip from the descrte street into the dark which be the doorway of the Church . dissolve be ) 69 . . - os interior belfry night a thin wedge of moonlight stab down from above onto the foot of the ladder , f.seit asc.nd into scene . hs stand - boside the ladder and bis hand touch 1t once . then he climb halfway up and , hang to the ladder . take a fleshlight from he pocket , bogin a meticulous examination of the dowel that connect the rung to the upright . above , the clock begin chime midnight . Bien tor wilson's room night wilson , in pyjamas and dress gown stand at the window , smoking he pipe . the strike of though hour continue , 172 . exterior town squre night through the window , wilson see the clock , the angel make he march 2.3 th. hour chime . 172 . - interior mary bedroom night the chime of the clock have not cease , mary lie perfectly still , she breathe rogular and undisturbed . her brrc arm rest on the outside of the coverict . slowly she bringen she hand together and dry wash thom in the imomecmori:l gceture of blood guilt . now har subconscious be in control and thus she - acknowledge she complicity in the crime of walther kuhn . fade out ) marry : , 132 , '' -™. pade in 173 . . interior CLASS room neat daz insert : timetasle on rankin 's des= . it read : 's 3:25 pegne mery 3:30 hobscr 3:45 faculty room 4:00 leave school rankine hand add the last entry . 4:05 home over scene , there 12 unund of footstep and bey ! voice as the class assemble , canzra pull back to full shot as rankin , rise from he desk , slipa the paper into he pocket and face the class , the wall clock indicate half past two . fankin be manner be relaxed . all strain have fall from he , - rankin good afternoon , ccntlemen . today we will attempt to finish with the career of Frederick , : . the great . = ( he smile ) 4 | the monarch with the handy poison . — vial . after he conquest of silesia , the position of Prussia in central Europe wes greatly enhance ... as he continue with he lecture : dissolve to : ' 4 . interior hallway outside claas roon3 day through the class door of the telephone booth in which rankin sit , he can see the boy stream out of the building , a wall clock show it now lack two mimte of half past three . rankin , hearing a answer , speak urgently into the telephone , rankin wary ... something very important . hes just occur , I want you to . come to the clock tower , .. immedistely . tell no one where you be go . not to let smyone . see you enter the church , you can perk in the rear - and come in through the back door . a ( he pause ) ' that 's right , darling . hurry . he hang up and pull open the door to the booth . 175 . 133 , interior halluay camera pan on rankin as he cross the hall and enter a door lettere ' dr . tobson ' . 176 . interior hobson's opfice hobson ( pleasantly ) come in , rankin . rankin good afternoon , sir . hobson right on time ' I see . ( he gesture to chair opposite hiu , rankin sit ) now ... what 's on you mind ? rankin I would like to suvgest a few change in the spring curriculum . | hobson lean back in he chair to listen . dissolve to | rankin ( conta ) it strike mé that the capacity of the student of the third form have be somewhat underrate , varticularly as regards literature ..- history ... 177 . interior rankin home hallway mary , netted and glove , be come down the stair . SARA sppear et the live room deer , broom in hand . aka goin ' some place ? ( hary nod ) yihere to ? uapry y pretend not to hear the question . start on ) i ask you where you be goin ' , misa wary . ( stop ) I hear . '' ell ? of o 177 ( cont . ) 134 . mary sara , you seem to forget , I be not a child any longer but a marry toman . jar you be not be marry very long ... ( mary glance at she , surprised . then cecide to ignore SARA 's behavior and start on ) wait , ir . rankin . . mary ( sharply ) what be it , wera , I be in a hurry . SARA ( aggrieve ) well , you do not need to go bitint wy head off , - mary if you wish to say something , say it . . ahh ( helplessly ) I do not know what 's mot into you diately , kiss iiary , indeed I do not . '' you be never menn to I like this , back at the old house , mary ( resignedly ) oh , Sara . sapa ( raise the corner of she apron and dab ut she eye ) laybe itve sutworn my usefulness , I know I be not as young as I use to be . maybe you do not want I around anymore . bary in heaven 's name , Sara , stop talk such nonsemne . sapa it 's tre , and you know it . itli pack my thine and be off . : . aary I do not mean to hurt you feeling , Sara . I be sorry if I be moe to you , why , I would not know what to do without you , Sara . 187 ( cont . ) , . saka . ( throigh she tear ) . honest , jig Mary ? mary ( crossing she heart ) honest to roodness . , you sha not ever leave mar , Sara , SARA the way I fal about you , lie you be my own daughter , mary huge she , riss she on the cheek , wary Sara , I must eo ! I promise to be somewhere . SARA '' here , miss aarr ? why " stop fussine , wt pa , ( erdle } ya it 's a ceereat , gazex dis3olve to 78 . interior faculty roo the teach starr be wirtously occupy . some be correct papers , some be write letter , in a corner , sit at a gard table . they be wait for they fourth , harold ( call to rankin ) would you care to sit in , rankin , until we fourth show up ? rankin what time be it ? harold wlance at he watch . alrole Three fortr-five , ona . ra rin ' ( joinin > they ) aaa . yell ... one rubber , quick uissolve to ene 136 , 17s . exterior rankin house mary be get into the car , suddenly there be a cry from within the house . wary turn and run across the lawn . 180 . interior hall ' ay SARA be on she knee , one hand over she heart . mary rush ne wary vhat 's the matter , Sara ? ( sara gasp ) uy heart ... hary run toward tiv kitchen , ssa contime to gasp until mary reappear with '' class of water , she put it to SARA be lip , aara awallow a little , then gasp agonizingly . sara I can not broethe , .. the pain ... - oh ... mary run into the other toon , fret a pillow . hary lie flat . dontr stir , sari. obey , , sara do not leave I , mig wary . maybe itm die . yo ... I will not leave you , she run to telephone , pick it up . mary ( cont would ) one three oo , please ... hello.. , this be uarv , - jef ? , Sara be have wu reart attack , { 411 you come right out ? ( pause ‘hat should I do in the meantime ?... ali rivhi , jefe ... sructy . oe . ( she hane up ... come back .. kneel beside sain ) Doctor lawrence ig come right out , Sara . he say for you just to lie quietly . 180 ( cont . ) 137 . saka : ( a hand on . havy 's arm ) you will not leave I , will you ? mry ne , sara , 1 wontt lsave you , ( ahe geta up and &0e back to the telephone ) pour one eight ... noah there , — eate ?.. May I speak . to he , please ? ( after a pause ) hello , noah .... I tas suppose to meet Charles in the clock tower but I be dvlay . , 412 you go there and tell hin sonnet tine have happen and that toea not come richt avay . , tell he to wait ... anc , ; uh . . nobody 's to know . uo nft let on where you be go or why ... therets a thaion . coe 181 thank you , reah , interior junar longstreet s.udy Day . noaa hang up the telephone und turn to face he father . o~ they look at each other for a moment . then judge 's . longstree ? nod . o.g instantly pick up the phone again . noah ( into telephone ) tne four six , vlease . ( he pouse ) ia you , Wilson there ? ( another pause ) this be noah , ir. viison . Mary just phone and .. , dissolve to 182 . interior faculty room diy rankin , at the bridge table , 13 finish the play of a rand , dr . hibbard , at he elbow , be avaitine the end of the game , : anxik ( fold the card ) it 's you place , Doctor . ( he rise , nodd to th : other ) thanks for the game . 43 hibgard sit down , he turn and saunter out of the room . 183 . 138 . exterior school build dny . rankin come cut and pause at the top of the step , he produce a ciparette and flick he lighter into flame . then light he cigurette as , with the other hand , he pulis he time table from hin pocket , he put the still flame lighter to it and watch it burn . then crumple the remain to ash in bis hand and allow the wind to claim they . he begin whistle as he stroll leisurely down the step and start for home , dissolve to 46 interior hallway rankin house as rankin , still whistling , entor , he close the door , then call . ralikin - Mary ! : there 's no answer . but arter a moment he hear footstep come from the kitchen wine . the door to the rear part , of the house open ani sry and dp , l.avrence appear , i no stend still , omezement on hig face , upon see im , mary also stope . Di , i ' ence nod . * what ... {over she domediate surprise ) Sara 's 411 , rankin ( awkwardly ) oh , lavrence there do not seem to be anything really ' wrong with she heart . keep she in bed for a day or so and then have she come down to my office and T will give she a thorough go - over , . all right , jerr , , lawrence ( in spite of himself , stiffly ) ~~ how be you , rankin ? ~~ rankin ( force a smile ) well .... thank you . 184 . ( cont . ) . 139 dr . laurance exit , as the doer close behing he , the two turn to face each other , : 3 be 's I be get into the car when Sara have thin attac + waturally = could not lesve she , tanrin naturally . re turn abruptly and exit into live reom . 3he look after hin , puzzle at he attitude , then follow he , interior live room rankin be windin- though prandfathert clock . mary stand in oo rway watch hizx , finally ; mary ocome forward ) what 's the mattur , Charles ? rankin ( sharply ) there 's nothing : the matter , mary za then why ... be quiet ! ( then , catch himself ) I be sorry , ' this strain we have be under be beginning to tell on I , ( she raise hor aye to ris. es smile , try for the old charm ) * you sce , I have my weak moment too , mary why do you want to see I ? it wag something important , you say , rankin why ? thy ? it seem important at the moment . it be not , actually , ( no 's play for time and inspiration ) aly sense of proportion fail I this day . Little thing tule on monstrous shape , ox . {he touch he forehead ) - : ry head aches , 185 ( cont . ) ' 140 . mary tell mce what it be , : rankin ( anger rise in spit of himself ) I will tell you in wy own good time , ( tonelessly ) have they find out anything more ? ranxin there 's nothing for they to find out . unless you ... mary I have ssen no one all day . I stay in my room . rankin ( he self - control postore ) arrest be to he madu , ( mmbe hiz right temple pz with the heel of he hand ) xq . sy heed ... it be only a rumor ... but I - decame afraid , the incident of the _ bead , yeaterday , make m : doubt you streneth , 1 t : ought pethan you have see you father aguin ... make a admission . in that event , my hour be numbered . I want to be alone with you for a little while . vow that the. clock be run , I think no ont would think to lool for I in the tower . after I mo timn to think , I know that the danzer way e11 in my imagination , '' I cane home . therc 's a rumor roing around thet a x 1s you need not hnve beon afraid . 6 . - interiof belfry aftermoog . tread softly , wii - so# follow by noah , julge longstreet and dr . lawrence mount the atair and enter the velfry . without spealing , they look at tach other . above they , the clock bogin atrikine . the bolfry vibrate , noah start across to ladder . below it , the emptiness yawn awesomely , his foot touch thc first rung . wilson be hand on he arm a stop hin , noah step aside . ' wilson take he place . re , mount the first rung , ~— 187 , wilsor ' 3 pem ? om m7 , labber the leave one risce to the secund vung . the right one be lift to fotn it , the leave one rise the the third , the '' 187 ( cont . ) : 142 , right one join if , the leave one rise to the fourth . the right one be lirtcd from though third rung . thus , nil3on ' S Weight be now on th. fourth . sefore the right foot can reach it , there 1s the sound of crash wood and wilson's feet — @rop below camera tang as camera jerk baci : to show he , hang by he right hand from a higher rung . in he lefe he rold & section of the leave upright with two tung attach it . . . the other al1 rush to support he and help he down . as he regains the safety of the belfry floor , the clock cease strike . only the loud breathe of the man be hear , noah ( oreak the 3ilence ) golly ! - vilson ( examine the wood in he hend ) he really have the wing up. you can atill smell the wiue whore he join it . lu without further edo , they all turn and start dom again , 88 . . interior rankin live moun ba - rankin , morosc , stend by th. window look out towards the wood . now that niz plan for do away with mary hes fail , a now plan mist se evolve . she sit upright on the couch , stare into sracr . suddenly she speak , ny what do you tcll noah ? ranein ( without turn ) about what ? : qlooki. cklz ) 00 ) up quickly do not you gee hin ? ranein ( net know what she 1s talk about ) why should I ? do vou come directly from the emirch ? rad ( turn to hor ) 4 m I be crass examine ? ) ) 188 ( cont . ) 142 , mary : when I find I could not leave Sara , I phone noah ... tell hin to to you ... Tel ] you I be detain . rankin ( furiously ) I séid you be to tell no one . but surely noah ... rad ( imperiously ) call hin and tell he not to go . . e 's go long sine . I talk to he half a hour azo . ranzin ( suddenly shouting ) gall he , I can : 1 {all control go ) if he die , htz blood be on you hand ... not mine , . . sary ( come to she fvet ) Charles ... what ar you say ... pankin ( ranting ) it 's you meddle that 's cause all this . if it nadnit be for you I would have be safe . nothing could have touch I , nothing . but you have to be horc ... that day .. hang you stupid curtaina ... you have to call nosh ... ( sharply} , Charles ... nave you kily noah ! rankin if he go to the clock tower ... mary how could ged have be so cruel ? why wasntt if tr rt be not intend for hin , ( face hin ) it be I you plann to kill , and God should not have allow it to be otherwise .. - walther kuhn , ‘) 143 , &t the montion of he name , all oxpression loave . ' 3 fact . his uyus arc dull , kis mouth hang slightly open , : mary kill I , walthor Zuhn . I want it . I could not face life again with the knowledge of what I 'ge be to ' you ... whet I 'v. do to noah . only ao not put you hand on mo when you kill I . hore ...use this ... sk : pick up of pokor and hold it out to he , he start towurd she , arm hang loose at he sido . hc raise onc hand to tcke though poker from she . over 's scene thore be though sound of a car approach . exterior rankin house dix judge longstrect drive he big scdan towards the houso at high syccd . in it arc Wilson , Dr. lawrence and neah . , ' the ecr skid to a stop in front of the house . Tho four mon hurry from it , they mount the - step to the front door . " thy judge 's hand press though door bell , dnsistently , there 's be no answer , filson 's hand tric the imob . it deo not turn . suddenly he throw he full Weight against the deocr . it fly open , Ho rush in , still carry he fragment of ladder ... the othcr at he heol . interior rankin live room .4 pternoon mery stand motionless , face the door lead to the rear terraco , they stand open , @ cold wind blow the curtain inte though room , the poker lie on the floor at she foot . rankin be go . the group standg in the doorway a second . slowly , Mary turn to face it . her eye widen inercdulously as she see noah . yary ( a sudden shrick ) noh ! yy ) Mary 's cyz go blank ; sho faint but we sec though moment from she viowpoint - tmprissionistic wontw .ge * in Mary 's cyc , the room tilt cragily ... noah catapult towards the c:.2e % . , he free fill though sercon ... suporimposed over this be the strong , black silhouctte of a high isddcr . thiz fall with nooh and stop with hin : just ahcad of he frou , he grasp 4 & pung of she laddir , it breax and noah fall out 2 for sconc . cumer . tilt to follow he band ... thoy clutch first at eno rung then bid another ... tung after rung shatter under he woight - - fincliy a vung hold *- th. lest , beneath it th : two shufts.of the laddcr stretch dow into Space like '' prir of cosmic stilt , &cd , th. dog , be at the base of this lunatic - machine ( s.cn very distantly because Mary 's dclirious eye be view this scon from a great hoight ) . Ho howl furtously and clava at the foot of the sheft ... his bay echoe and ncrec strangely with tne msic . nosh , cling to the last pung look as {f he be treed , but nov - c.uer . closc in on he and show US suddenly that it be not nonh aftcur 211 { it be rankin ... 144 above the quoor misic accompany though montage , we hear , on the track , the followinz dialoguc : it be , quite realistically , what secs on in the rankin live room from though momont Mary faint -- nouh's voice " Mary ! Mary , " nge's voice '' make she comfortablc . 's - wilson's voice ( somewhat off = have . angrily and with it though sound of a tclophene teccivor be jiggled noisily ) " Operator ! operatort ! " liwrencets-voice " sho will come out of it . De not worry , " ( though jiggling noise of the reeeivcr heok continucs throughout ) wilson be voice 's " Operator = get I though State policc . '' nowh's voice " but what about rankin ? Ho 's get away i " . filson's voice " he will not get far 7 " judge's voice . ( still anxious ) " get you sister somo water , noah , on the doublat " lugrewce's voice ( soothingly ) " it 's quite all right , judge longstreot . " wilson's voice ( furiously ) " yos , eperator| Tho State policc . ( pee pence's voice , } continue undor viilson 's " yic will get ker to bed and sho will be fino in the morning . you necd have no fcor . " y ) ( ) 145 . on th : scereon , rankin look stendily into the lens ; spcak now ( at this point the pfealistic sequence of dialo ds finish - - we arc totally within Mary 's delirious dream . ) : rankin ( quictly > > repeat lawrenco 's word which wero also he own from onrlier in though story ) 's " you necd have no fear '' , ( he igs still cling perilously the the 29t pung of the ladder ) " you will not fall " , clmera move in on rankint face = - closcr and closer - - until only one of he oye fill the seroen , . monstrously .... rankine voice " foiling to spcck ... you become part of the crim ... yus , I do it ... with theso hand . Tho samo hand that thave bold you closc to mce ... the hand stand for progresa , which would not occur by fit and start but accord to the law of harmonic motion " . ( by this time renkin 's cye ds so large that only the pupil remain , fill the screon and at this last word the eye chenge queorly inte the facc of though speck . mao music be horvy with the rhythmic grind of though work - the shadow of the tron demon fail over the seroen and now will commenec to hear distinctly and strangely the - toll of though clock . ) rinkin'3 voice ( through this ) " my first impression of harpor ms the incongruity of a gothic clock in a conncoticut church tower ... " ( here come though trensition from hary 's dream to actuality , Tho msic of the montag . stopa sharply and will cut to thy colling of wary 's bedroom . ranikin 's voice continucs , ) rneinx voice " 2 = I have beon indulge an. old fascinetion ...* . ( ) 146 , interior mary bedroom wight the camerl , onglod on the cciling , show a mcabre pattern of moonlight . the grimace domon be really the twisted shadow of a tree outside the window , ranein' voice " it 's beautiful that wy ec eoe beautiful .... " . Tho c.iferu move down off the celling show though curtain of the bedroom blow in the night breeze , and then , yary 's fevorish fuoc whieh fill though screen in the foreground . zor eyc arc opencd . this be the same moment in which we discoverod hor in though intreduct= ion ef the picture . she be count the hour as the clock tell it und she wincus at the sound . it be as vivid a remindor of rankin as he own voice would be . very softly now , under the real sound of the distant Glock , bis voice goos on and lary , listcne to it , be take back to they firat day togothor at the brook . . eoe ( Music suggest this weirdly ) .... b.nein' voice " , . it 1s my favorito walk ... through the wood ... o2ver the tittle bvrook ... and through though cometory .... " the clock cousc chine . but , 1t have serve its purposo . Mam know whero rankin be . sho rise , dissolve to exterior longstrest hult night ( as before , in though ° : open of the picture ) , the terrece 1s bright with moonlight . the french door from though live room opon and Mary , fully dress , a smell packsgo undor one arm , come out . cumera pan with hor as she hasten across the terrace towards the ficld in the distance . then cuera swing back to the house . a gust of wind blow the epen door shut with a loud bang . interior sira' room wight saran , alarmod ty the sound , sit up . she gather a dress gown about she , rise , and goos forth to investigate . on cy ) 147 . interior live roou night the door ts bang to 'and for in the night wind . Sara onter . she be surprised to find it unlock . she ; carcfully lock it again . thon 2 now think eccur to hur , C , mer . swing to follow her . as she hurric out into the hell and up the stair . interior upper landing niget Sara hurric down it until sho reach Mary 's door . she open it softly lest Mary ts aslocp . &s though door '' wing wide , sho sce the room be empty . her voice - pise ino picrce sercam . judge lorgstriet . judge longstreet . exterior wood night 4& ghostly fi in the pale moonlight , Mary emergo frem the shadow ef though woed and reach the little stream to its cdau . tore be no hesitation as sho cross on the stop stone , only grim dotormination . reaching the opposite bank , she hurry on towards the chureh in the distance . exterior longstreet home wight judge longstreot , buttone he coat , burric out follow by noah , who run off sconc ahoad of hin . exterior ths cemetery night unhesitctingly , bary pick hor way through the row ef tombstone , sho agein hear ronetn ' $ " vosce . . rankin be vorcs James longstreet , 1896°1917 . dicd for he country . noah longstreet , 1642-1863 . die for he coun . William longstreet , 1713-1794 , dicd for he country .... «neagd of she loom the church , its rear door in plain viow , she hositstos c moment . exterionn longstyeet gak . g= night judge longstreut and noch drive out towards town . a C ) 148. _ interiok church night it 4s f211 of ghostly shadow and half tone from . the moonlight , diffuse through stain glasa window . Mary movea down the sido aisle across the rear of the first seatieon of pews , thcnec dorn the counter aisle towards the opon door lead into the vestibule . interior wilson's HOTEL rook night Wilson be seat by the window look cut at the cleek towor . , Ho be talice on the phone . filson ( quistly - easily ) yes ... rond=blocks be up = will be watch the railroad -station and ke La not Riding in the wood ... ( thero be a sharp kmock on the door ) ( ore 50 . ) . ( effacene ~ very oxcitcdl Mr. wilsont ! °f 7 wilson como int . ( speak into the . phone again and ona to window at though clock tower ) if he 's where I think he ia itt - go to bo easy - we will do evurything possible to get he alive , a nole . ( burst into the room ) Shots go , ir , Wilson ! she 's leave though housot wilson ( throw the receiver on the hook and turn to - noeh , he voice quict but he cyos full of anxioty ) the clock towert nol ' I do not know , a! 149 , wilson ( griniy ) if that 's where he 's hide and she got there beforo ug - ~ nos ( in a small voice ) what will we dot wilson ( rush out of though in 's ' shouting after - cali capt , samel , and though deputiest get all the help you can ! exterior hallway in the HOTEL ' Wilson rao toward the stair goos past the camera . wo hear he ootatcp offscreen as noah in ths door call after he , . noak '' here , Mr. Wilson ? wheroet ? offsereon Wilson cric out in poin and we hear the sound of he thing a bad fall on the stair . noah react and dash down though stairway , cimera follow . Wilson ls in a heap noar the foot of the atair , he have sprainod he ankic . nose Mr. Wilson ! nonh help he , Wilson got painfully to he foot . ( wilson gasp thro ! he Booth ) ough the church .... the church :... nolh but whet about you , Mr. Wilson ? wilson ( orcathing hard as he start to move ) I will get there - durry up now ... you sister may be still alive ! with 2 worried look at Wilson , noch hurry off scene , Wilson hobble efter hin , ( y , 150 , wilson ( grimly ) t!ll get there .... : dissolve to drerior vestibule night Mary , package under she arm , begin mount towards the velfry . cumera stay on she ag she climb into the belfry . she see the ladder with its miss section . clut she package under one arm , with she free hand she grasp though one still ( stand upright ond mount the first rung . rankin 's $ voice comea out of the darkness . rankine voice do not move . I have a gun . close shot mary she stand rigid on the first rung . mary '' ( qutetiy ) you do not need it . rim alone . . wein' voice ( aneredulously ) what be you do here ? mary ib ( leveliy ) ad . '' rought you fuod . wag afraid you would bo hungry , - tnterior landing wrehr rankin stand in though deep shadow beside though door icade into the Glock room itself , his face , haggard @nd unshavon , betray he incredulity . can tt have possible that he still hold this giri . ranein be you tell the truth ? mary voice why should I lic ? he move forward ond look down at hor . interior landing night rankin ie in immediate foreground , with Mary below he , look up . below she there be a bottomless pit. yy ( ) 151 . rankin be you follow here ? I come past the wood . .. scross the brook ... through the cemotery . no one suw I , interion belfry night sdove hor , rankin knool and stretch one arm down of she , ranein come up . she lock up at hin ... mount one more rung ... then reach out ber free hand to hin . - he tukcs it in he , she let herself go . her body swing over the yawn apace load to the church below , for a second she benc motionless , thon , slowly , he start to pull she up , : interior landing " night rankin pull hor inte scono , she still carry she package . they both gain they foot . in silonce , renkin throw open the door to the clock room . she . enter it . Ho follow . '' interior clock roow night the old lantern hang from a cross beam , & burlap bag screon the window to hide its ray . rankin close the door . Tho rhythm of the clock 's motor be loud in they ear as they face cach other . finally : ( he hand outstrotchad ) givo I the food . siicntly , she hand hin the package . sho watch he a ho tear the papor , revealing a shoe box . he jerk off the lid . he ' be stare down at omptiness . he look up at she slowly . ( quictiy ) I nood though excuse . I be afraid you would not ist mo up , q a ) 182. whet do you wont ? kry I come to kill you . rankin what a little fool you aro . come hor alonc ... atill mo soeetoutve force not . you be moant to fall through that ladder . now you be go the . . mary I do not mind . if I take you 2 with mo . . runein they have scarch the wood , Zz watch they this aftornoon .... ( point to the window} eothoro ... like God look at little ant ... scurrying away they futile — iive . so , you will fall ... Ztll eo through the graveyard ... gain the wood ... they will not search it again , a day or two and they will be sure I 'vo loft town , : . mary not when they find m . they ' 11 know you be still here , itwsein you be a fool . everyone know you have toon on the verge of crack up . now , you have crack , ‘ay elac would you leave you bed ... come to a desartod church in the dead of night ... climb to a empty Glock tower . any child could sea you would wind up kill yourself . he be interrupt by the suddon slamm of the clock tower door . Wilson stand before hin . a gun appear in rankin 's bend . ( wilson in swoat with pa but he fone cool end final ) killing bos lead you here , rt will not help you now . '' ry ( ) ovet . scene there risc though sound of voice . : wilson ( cont would ) the gitizon of harper , kuhn , they be wait for you . ( rankin retreat two stcp ) you can kill I ... Mary .. half of harper , ind still there 's no escape . you have the world and it close in on you till there be only harper . that closcé in and then there be only this room . and this room , too , be close ronkin 's face have egnin becn stripped of all expression ; though eye be dull , the mouth hangine open . ais Wilson 's indictment sink into he , a faint moistnoss appear on ris lip . hts cyos come alive , craze , fronetic . suddenly he 1s slobbering . : ranely it 's not truc . what thoy say . I do not do it . it be they idoa . T only follow order . wilson you give the ordor . I only do aut only oy duty . ( plead ) — do not makc I fuco thom , I can not go back . I be not a . criminal . maty you arc ... , rankin turn to face she . ( maky ( cont would ) ropeat the word , data ) you be ... this be though momcnt ' iilson hos wait . hila foot lash out , kick rankin 's wrist . Wilson stutbles , gasp with pain , and f-ll . Tho gun fly across the room . it land at Mary 's foot , shc snatch it up . her hond be stoady as sho face hin . ») ( 154 . * ri ( scream ) bo not , I can not dic . I be not ready t7 dic . : the clock begin strike the half hour ... joud ... atrident . Wilson , in dreadful agony , crawl toward ranein ( he voice rise aver though clancr ) it 's my monument . after tro a year . it , run .... because of I . . he roach the window . his know bucklo over the ledge . his arc flail the air wildly as he seek stone to which ho can cling . Ho disappoar from 8 . exterior clock tolin nrou rankin hea felicn onto the thin ledge teneath the clock . ee scramblos to he foct ... look around wildly for a avcnuc of escape . the demon pass he in ite rotary motion across the clock , clmost kmock he off the ledge . then he hasten throurh though portal at the right of clock . oven scene there rise the plorcing scroam hoard in though opone of the picture , then rankin emorgos , carry iepalod upon the angel 's sword . . exterion ton squire night the townspeopl . arc gather in full force , as in the open of though picture , 211 eyo turn upward toward the face of the clock . exte : io clock tower night Tho camei. , shoot from a high elevation , carry a section of the clock in f.g. , the ledge block the view of a scotion of the strost below , Beyond the ledge , townspeople can bo seun pun across the the angel hos almost complete its march across tha clock . fankin , impale upon its sword , be st 1 to free himself . just before though angel reach its exit , he last struggle dislodge the angel from its base with a shriek of torture metal . tithin the clock itaolf there be a wild grind of pcar suddenly peleased . and the hand of the clock spin wildly as the 4ngol and rankin , lock inc grucsome embrace , veer slowly cut and fall to the stroet below , out of camera range . as they fc11 , though townspoople on the green 155 , below can be see hastily pull back as the body burtie toward they , they excited cry rise over scene . the hend of the clock , still wildly spin , squeak and rattle as the work clatter to a stop . exterior clock tower night & different angle this be the same sotup 23 usod in the introduction of though picture ... the back of the New England townspeople silhouettod agninat the sky and the church tower , in force perspective , loom above thom . interior belfuy of chulch nisat : '' this be the landing just benoxch the clock , judge longstreet and Dr. lawrence avs just finish help Mary dcwn though break ladder . the judge take he daughtcr in he corm , lawrenec ic vory close to she , ( call ' ap to '' e up to . the cloch towor ) all right , er , vilson , lary ! safe . let mo give you n hand , Wilson 4s soete juet et the cpen . he be ' choerfully nursing hig foot and ncnde he pipo stem again ( 1t break in the soufflo ) with adhesive tape . vilson ( call down ) no , thanka . pottor , with of couple of State trooper , stumble up to the landing . potter ( very oxcitedly ) . hil what happencd ? wilson ( with a quict smile ) veday in harper . potter ( turn to lawrence and mery ) I do not act that . ( call up agein ) come on down , be 156 . , wilson ( with 2 rucful grin ) not ' till you get I a new ladder , T have hed ny head conk and - my anklo bust . ' prom here on in , my friend , I and take it oasy , potten ( to lawrence ) what 's ko talkin ! about ? lawrence seom though wart over or , commectacut . p ( blankly ) do toll =< yx ( ieritenly ) well fou be a. crazy !... well , itiz act rima gtod ladder . holt have enough trouble , and they say , accident always come in threos , close shot '' ilson eo have finish rending he pipc and ts now fill it . wilson in three ? ' heat cbuut werld war ? ( hy light he pipe ) you . Potter , I devoutly rope and pray you be wrone !!... ( smoking cosily ) goodnight , Mary ... . plcoazsunt drean . Wilson take of lom : , hoppy drag at he pipe and fill though belfry with its pleasant soko . pade out