the script to Tim burton 's the nightmare before Christmas narrator ' twas a long time ago , longer now than it seem , in a place that perhaps you have see in you dream . for the story that you be about to be tell , take place in the holiday world of old . now , you have probably wonder where holiday come from . if you have not , I would say it 's time you begin . this be Halloween shadow boy and girl of every age would not you like to see something strange ? siamese shadow come with we and you will see this , we town of Halloween pumpkin patch chorus this be Halloween , this be Halloween pumpkin scream in the dead of night ghost this be Halloween , everybody make a scene trick or treat till the neighbor gonna die of fright it 's we town , everybody scream in this town of Halloween creature under bed I be the one hide under you bed teeth ground sharp and eye glow red man under the stair I be the one hide under you stair finger like snake and spider in my hair corpse chorus this be Halloween , this be Halloween Halloween ! Halloween ! Halloween ! Halloween ! vampire in this town we call home everyone hail to the pumpkin song mayor in this town , do not we love it now ? everybody 's wait for the next surprise corpse chorus round that corner , man hide in the trash can something 's wait now to pounce , and how you will scream harlequin demon , werewolf , and melting man scream ! this be Halloween Red and ' black , slimy green werewolf be not you scared ? witch well , that 's just fine say it once , say it twice take the chance and roll the dice ride with the moon in the dead of night hanging tree everybody scream , everybody scream hanged men in we town of Halloween clown I be the clown with the tear - away face here in a flash and go without a trace second ghoul I be the " who " when you call , " who 's there ? " I be the wind blow through you hair oogie boogie shadow I be the shadow on the moon at night fill you dream to the brim with fright corpse chorus this be Halloween , this be Halloween Halloween ! Halloween ! Halloween ! Halloween ! Halloween ! Halloween ! child corpse trio tender lumpling everywhere life 's no fun without a good scare parent corpse that 's we job , but we be not mean in we town of Halloween corpse chorus in this town mayor do not we love it now ? mayor with corpse chorus everyone 's wait for the next surprise corpse chorus skeleton Jack might catch you in the back and scream like a banshee make you jump out of you skin this be Halloween , everybody scream wo not ya please make way for a very special guy we man Jack be king of the pumpkin patch everyone hail to the pumpkin King now everyone this be Halloween , this be Halloween Halloween ! Halloween ! Halloween ! Halloween ! corpse child trio in this town we call home everyone hail to the pumpkin song everyone La la- la la , Halloween ! Halloween ! ( etc . ) everyone [ applause ] witch cackle clown it 's over ! behemoth we do it ! [ tummy bump ] werewolf be not it terrifying ? hyde &amp ; cyclop what a night ! mayor great Halloween everybody . jack I believe it be we most horrible yet ! thank you everyone . mayor no , thanks to you , Jack . without you brilliant leadership - jack not at all Mayor . vampire ( fat ) you be such a scream , Jack witch you be a witch 's fondest dream ! witch ( little ) you make wall fall , Jack witch wall fall ? you make the very mountain crack , Jack dr . finkelstein the deadly nightshade you slip I wear off , Sally . sally let go ! dr . finkelstein you be not ready for so much excitement ! sally yes I be ! dr . finkelstein you be come with I ! sally no I be not ! [ Sally pull out the thread that 's hold she arm on ] dr . finkelstein come back here you foolish oaf ! ow ! creature from black lagoon ooo Jack , you make wound ooze and flesh crawl . jack thank you , thank you , thank you -- very much mayor hold it ! we have not give out the prize yet ! we first award go to the vampire for most blood drain in a single evening . [ applause ] mayor a frightening and honorable mention go to the fabulous Dark lagoon leech sax player Nice work , bone daddy . jack yeah , I guess so . just like last year and the year before that and the year before that . [ enter graveyard ] Jack 's lament perform by Danny elfman there be few who would deny , at what I do I be the best for my talent be renowned far and wide when it come to surprise in the moonlit night I excel without ever even try with the slight little effort of my ghostlike charm I have see grow man give out a shriek with the wave of my hand , and a well - place moan I have sweep the very bravest off they foot yet year after year , it 's the same routine and I grow so weary of the sound of scream and I , Jack , the pumpkin King have grow so tired of the same old thing oh , somewhere deep inside of this bone a emptiness begin to grow there 's something out there , far from my home a long that I have never know I be the master of fright , and a demon of light and I will scare you right out of you pants to a guy in kentucky , I be mister unlucky and I be know throughout England and France and since I be dead , I can take off my head to recite shakespearean quotation no animal nor man can scream like I can with the fury of my recitation but who here would ever understand that the pumpkin King with the skeleton grin would tire of he crown , if they only understand he would give it all up if he only could oh , there 's a empty place in my bone that call out for something unknown the fame and praise come year after year do nothing for this empty tear [ leave graveyard and enter forest ] sally Jack , I know how you feel . [ Sally gather herb ] [ back at Dr. Finkelstein 's castle ] dr . finkelstein Sally , you have come back . sally I have to . dr . finkelstein for this ? [ show she arm ] sally yes . dr . finkelstein shall we then . that 's twice this month you have slip deadly nightshade into my tea and run off -- sally Three time ! dr . finkelstein you be mine you know ! I make you with my own hand . sally you can make other creation . I be restless , I can not help it . dr . finkelstein it 's a phase my dear , it will pass . we need to be patient that 's all . sally but , I do not want to be patient . [ forest ] zero bark jack no Zero , not now . I be not in the mood . zero bark jack all right . [ give Zero a rib from himself ] here ya go boy . [ Zero get rib and show off he nose ] [ back to halloweentown ] mayor Morning gent [ to the band ] [ hum this be Halloween , walk up to Jack 's front door and ring bell ] mayor Jack , you home ? [ get worried , switch face and knock with desperation then switch back to happy face ] mayor Jack ? I have get the plan for next Halloween . I need to go over they with you so we can get start . mayor ( with worried face ) Jack , please , I be only a elect a official here , I can not make decision by myself . Jack , answer I !! [ fall down step ] accordion player he 's not home . mayor where be he ? sax player he have not be home all night . mayor ooooo [ back to forest ] jack ( yawn ) where be we ? it 's someplace new . zero bark bark jack what be this ? [ Jack see Valentine 's tree , shamrock tree , Easter egg tree , turkey tree ] jack [ gasp ] [ see Xmas tree ] [ turn knob and get suck in ] zero bark bark jack whoa !!!! what 's this ? perform by Danny elfman what 's this ? what 's this ? there 's color everywhere what 's this ? there 's white thing in the air what 's this ? I can not believe my eye I must be dream wake up , Jack , this be not fair what 's this ? what 's this ? what 's this ? there 's something very wrong what 's this ? there 's people sing song what 's this ? the street be line with Little creature laugh everybody seem so happy have I possibly go daffy ? what be this ? what 's this ? there 's child throw snowballs instead of throw head they be busy building toy and absolutely no one 's dead there 's frost on every window oh , I can not believe my eye and in my bone I feel the warmth that 's come from inside oh , look what 's this ? they be hang mistletoe , they kiss why that look so unique , inspire they be gather around to hear a story roasting chestnut on a fire what 's this ? what 's this ? in here they have get a little tree , how queer and who would ever think and why ? they be cover it with tiny little thing they have get electric light on string and there 's a smile on everyone so , now , correct I if I be wrong this look like fun this look like fun oh , could it be I get my wish ? what 's this ? oh my , what now ? the child be asleep but look , there 's nothing underneath no ghoul , no witch here to scream and scare they or ensnare they , only little cozy thing secure inside they dreamland what 's this ? the monster be all miss and the nightmare can not be find and in they place there seem to be good feel all around instead of scream , I swear I can hear music in the air the smell of cake and pie be absolutely everywhere the sight , the sound they be everywhere and all around I have never feel so good before this empty place inside of I be fill up I simply can not get enough I want it , oh , I want it oh , I want it for my own I have get to know I have get to know what be this place that I have find ? what be this ? Christmas town , hmm ... sandy claw Ho Ho Ho Ho ho ho ho ho jack hmm .. [ halloweentown ] clown this have never happen before . witch it 's suspicious . witch ( little ) it 's peculiar . vampire it 's scary . mayor stand aside . werewolf grrrr mayor come through . we have get find Jack . there 's only 365 day leave till next Halloween . werewolf 364 ! mayor be there anywhere we have forget to check ? clown I look in every mausoleum . witch we open the sarcophagi . hyde I tromped through the pumpkin patch . vampire I peek behind the cyclops 's eye . I do ! but he be not there . mayor it 's time to sound the alarm . [ dr . finkelstein 's castle ] sally frog 's breath will overpower any odor . bitter. [ cough ] Worm 's wart . where 's that worm 's wart ? dr . finkelstein Sally , that soup ready yet ? sally come .... lunch dr . finkelstein ah , what 's that ? Worm 's wart , mmm , and ... frog 's breath . sally what 's wrong ? i- I think you like frog 's breath . dr . finkelstein nothing 's more suspicious than frog 's breath . until you taste it I will not swallow a spoonful . sally I be not hungry ... [ knock spoon ] oops ! dr . finkelstein you want I to starve . a old man like I who hardly have strength as it be . I , to whom you owe you very life . sally oh do not be silly . [ eat soup with trick spoon ] mmmm , see . scrumptious . [ Dr. Finkelstein eat soup ] [ Halloween ] mayor do anyone think to dredge the lake ? vampire ah , this morning ! zero bark witch hear that ? witch ( little ) what ? witch shh ! zero bark vampire Zero ! [ fanfare as Jack and Zero arrive ] kid Jack 's back ! mayor where have you be ? jack call a town meeting and I will tell everyone all about it . mayor when ? jack immediately ! mayor [ in he mayor truck ] town meeting , town meeting , town meeting tonight , town meeting tonight [ at meeting ] clown [ giggle as he hit Sally ] jack listen everyone . I want to tell you about christmastown . town meeting song perform by Danny elfman and cast jack there be object so peculiar they be not to be believe all around , thing to tantalize my brain it 's a world unlike anything I have ever see and as hard as I try I can not seem to describe like a most improbable dream but you must believe when I tell you this it 's as real as my skull and it do exist here , let I show you this be a thing call a present the whole thing start with a box devil a box ? be it steel ? werewolf be there lock ? harleouin demon be it fill with a pox ? devil , werewolf , harlequin demon a pox how delightful , a pox jack if you please just a box with bright - color paper and the whole thing 's top with a bow witch a bow ? but why ? how ugly what 's in it ? what 's in it ? jack that 's the point of the thing , not to know clown it 's a bat will it bend ? creature under the stair it 's a rat will it break ? undersea gal perhaps it 's the head that I find in the lake jack listen now , you do not understand that 's not the point of Christmas land now , pay attention we pick up a oversize sock and hang it like this on the wall mr . hyde oh , yes ! do it still have a foot ? medium mr. hyde let I see , let I look SMALL mr. hyde be it rotted and cover with gook ? jack um , let I explain there 's no foot inside , but there 's candy or sometimes it 's fill with small toy mummy and winged demon small toy winged demon do they bite ? mummy do they snap ? winged demon or explode in a sack ? corpse kid or perhaps they just spring out and scare girl and boy mayor what a splendid idea this Christmas sound fun I fully endorse it let 's try it at once jack everyone , please now , not so fast there 's something here that you do not quite grasp well , I may as well give they what they want and the best , I must confess , I have save for the last for the ruler of this Christmas land be a fearsome king with a deep mighty voice least that 's what I have come to understand and I have also hear it tell that he 's something to behold like a lobster , huge and red when he set out to slay with he rain gear on carting bulg sack with he big great arm that be , so I have hear it say and on a dark , cold night under full moonlight he fly into a fog like a vulture in the sky and they call he Sandy claw well , at least they be excited but they do not understand that special kind of feel in Christmas land oh , well ... [ Jack 's house ] jack there 's get to be a logical way to explain this Xmas thing . [ Dr. Finkelstein 's castle ] dr . finkelstein you have poison I for the last time you wretch girl . [ lock Sally away ] [ dingdong ] dr . finkelstein oh my head ... the door be open . jack hel -lo dr . finkelstein Jack skellington , up here my boy . jack Dr. I need to borrow some equipment . dr . finkelstein be that so , whatever for ? jack I be conduct a series of experiment . dr . finkelstein how perfectly marvelous . curiosity kill the cat , you know . jack I know . dr . finkelstein come on into the lab and we will get you all fix up . sally hmm. experiment ? [ Jack 's house ] jack Zero , I be home . [ Jack examine &amp ; experiment with Xmas stuff ] jack interesting reaction .... but what do it mean ? [ Sally 's room ] [ after Sally jump to give Jack he basket ... ] dr . finkelstein you can come out now if you promise to behave . Sally . Sally . oooh ! go again ! [ Jack 's house ] [ Sally give Jack he basket and sneak off and pick a flower which catch on fire ] Jack 's obsession perform by Danny elfman and cast citizen of halloween something 's up with Jack something 's up with Jack do not know if we be ever go to get he back he 's all alone up there lock away inside never say a word hope he have not die something 's up with Jack something 's up with Jack jack Christmas time be buzzing in my skull will it let I be ? I can not tell there 's so many thing I can not grasp when I think I have get it , and then at last through my bony finger it do slip like a snowflake in a fiery grip something here I be not quite get though I try , I keep forget like a memory long since past here in a instant , go in a flash what do it mean ? what do it mean ? in this little bric-a- brac a secret 's wait to be crack this doll and toy confuse I so confound it all , I love it though simple object , nothing more but something 's hide through a door though I do not have the key something 's there I can not see what do it mean ? what do it mean ? what do it mean ? hmm ... I have read this Christmas book so many time I know the storey and I know the rhyme I know the Christmas carol all by heart my skull 's so full , it 's tear I apart as often as I have read they , something 's wrong so hard to put my bony finger on or perhaps it 's really not as deep as I have be lead to think be I try much too hard ? of course ! I have be too close to see the answer 's right in front of I right in front of I it 's simple really , very clear like music drift in the air invisible , but everywhere just because I can not see it do not mean I can not believe it you know , I think this Christmas thing it 's not as tricky as it seem and why should they have all the fun ? it should belong to anyone not anyone , in fact , but I why , I could make a Christmas tree and there 's no reason I can find I could not handle Christmas time I bet I could improve it too and that 's exactly what I will do hee , hee , hee jack Eureka !! this year , Christmas will be ours ! mayor patience , everyone . Jack have a special job for each of we . Dr. Finkelstein , you Xmas assignment be ready . Dr. Finkelstein to the front of the line . vampire what kind of a noise be that for a baby to make ? jack perhaps it can be improve ? vampire no problem ! jack I know it ! Dr. thank you for come . we need some of this . [ show picture of Santa and sleigh ] dr . finkelstein hmm .. they construction should be exceedingly simple . I think . mayor how horrible we Xmas will be . jack no-- how jolly . mayor [ switch face ] oh , how jolly we Xmas will be . [ get pelt ] what be you do here ? lock Jack send for we . SHOCK specifically . barrel by name . lock lock SHOCK shock barrel barrel mayor Jack , Jack it 's oogie 's boy ! jack ah , Halloween 's finest trick or treater . the job I have for you be top secret . it require craft , cun , mischief . SHOCK and we think you do not like we , Jack . [ giggle ] jack absolutely no one be to know about it . not a soul . now -- [ whisper to ls&amp ; B ] and one more thing -- leave that no account ooogie boogie out of this ! barrel whatever you say , Jack . SHOCK of course Jack . lock would not dream of it Jack . [ all say with they finger cross ] kidnap the Sandy claw perform by Paul reuben , Catherine o'hara , and Danny elfman lock , SHOCK , and barrel kidnap Mr. Sandy claw lock I wanna do it barrel let 's draw straw SHOCK Jack say we should work together Three of a kind lock , SHOCK , and barrel bird of a feather now and forever wheeee La , la , la , la , la kidnap the Sandy claw , lock he up real tight throw away the key and then turn off all the light SHOCK first , we be go to set some bait Inside a nasty trap and wait when he come a-sniff we will snap the trap and close the gate lock wait ! I have get a better plan to catch this big red lobster man let 's pop he in a boil pot and when he 's do we will butter he up lock , SHOCK , and barrel kidnap the Sandy claw throw he in a box bury he for ninety year then see if he talk SHOCK then Mr. oogie boogie man can take the whole thing over then he will be so pleased , I do declare that he will cook he rare lock , SHOCK , and barrel wheeee lock I say that we take a cannon aim it at he door and then knock three time and when he answer Sandy claw will be no more SHOCK you be so stupid , think now lf we blow he up to smithereen we may lose some piece and then Jack will beat we black and green lock , SHOCK , and barrel kidnap the Sandy claw tie he in a bag throw he in the ocean then , see if he be sad lock and SHOCK because Mr. oogie boogie be the meanest guy around if I be on he boogie list , I would get out of town barrel he will be so pleased by we success that he will reward we too , I will bet lock , SHOCK , and barrel perhaps he will make he special brew of snake and spider stew ummm ! we be he little henchmen and we take we job with pride we do we best to please he and stay on he good side SHOCK I wish my cohort be not so dumb barrel I be not the dumb one lock you be no fun SHOCK shut up lock make I SHOCK I have get something , listen now this one be real good , you will see we will send a present to he door upon there will be a note to read now , in the box we will wait and hide until he curiosity entice he to look inside barrel and then we will have he one , two , three lock , SHOCK , and barrel kidnap the Sandy claw , beat he with a stick lock he up for ninety year , see what make he tick kidnap the Sandy claw , chop he into bit Mr. oogie boogie be sure to get he kick kidnap the Sandy claw , see what we will see lock he in a cage and then , throw away the key oogie boogie Sandy claw ..hahaha [ city hall ] jack it go something like this . [ jingle bell ] how about it ? think you can manage ? person inside bass a one , and a two , and a three , and a. . . [ jingle in a flat key by the band ] mayor next ! jack fantastic ! now why do not you all practice on that and we will be in great shape . Sally , I need you help more than anyone 's . sally you certainly do , Jack . I have the most terrible vision . jack that 's splendid . sally no , it be about you Xmas . there be smoke and fire . jack that not my Xmas . my Xmas be fill with laughter and joy and this -- my Sandy claw outfit . I want you to make it . sally Jack , please , listen to I -- it 's go to be a disaster . jack how could it be -- just follow the pattern . this part be red , the trim be white . sally it 's a mistake , Jack . jack now do not be modest , who else be clever enough to make my Sandy claw outfit . mayor next ! jack I have every confidence in you . sally but it seem wrong to I , very wrong . [ to behemoth ] jack this device be call a nutcracker . lock , SHOCK &amp ; barrel Jack , Jack we catch he we catch he . jack perfect ! open it up . quickly ! [ open to reveal the Easter bunny ] jack that 's not Sandy claw ! SHOCK it be not ? barrel who be it ? behemoth Bunny ! jack not Sandy claw ... take he back ! lock we follow you instruction -- barrel we go through the door -- jack which door ? there 's more than one . Sandy claw be behind the door shape like this . [ show Xmas cookie in shape of tree ] SHOCK I tell you ! [ ls&amp ; B start fight ] jack arr !! [ make scary face at ls&amp ; B ] jack I be very sorry for the inconvenience , sir . take he home first and apologize again . be careful with Sandy claw when you fetch he . treat he nicely . lock , SHOCK &amp ; barrel get it . we will get it right next time . [ Dr. Finkelstein 's castle ] dr . finkelstein you will be a decide improvement over that treacherous Sally . igor master , the plan . dr . finkelstein excellent , igor . [ throw he a dog bone ] make Christmas perform by Danny elfman and the citizen of Halloween clown this time , this time group make Christmas accordion player make Christmas mayor make Christmas , make Christmas be so fine group it 's ours this time and will not the child be surprised it 's ours this time child corpse make Christmas mummy make Christmas mummy and corpse child make Christmas witch time to give they something fun witch and creature lady they will talk about for year to come group let 's have a cheer from everyone it 's time to party duck toy make Christmas , make Christmas vampire snake and mouse get wrap up so nice with spider leg and pretty bow vampire and winged demon it 's ours this time corpse father all together , that and this corpse father , wolf man with all we trick we be corpse father , wolf man , devil make christmastime wolf man here come Jack jack I do not believe what 's happen to I my hope , my dream , my fantasy hee , hee , hee , hee harlequin wo not they be impressed , I be a genius see how I transformed this old rat into a most delightful hat jack hmm , my compliment from I to you on this you most intrigue hat consider though this substitute a bat in place of this old rat huh ! no , no , no , now that 's all wrong this thing will never make a present it 's be dead now for much too long try something fresher , something pleasant try again , do not give up three mr . hyde all together , that and this with all we trick we be make christmastime ( instrumental ) group this time , this time jack it 's ours ! group make Christmas , make Christmas La , la , la it 's almost here group and wolf man and we can not wait group and harleouin so ring the bell and celebrate group ' Cause when the full moon start to climb we will all sing out jack it 's christmastime hee , hee , hee [ christmastown ] sandy claw Kathleen , Bobby , susie , yes , susie 's be nice . Nice , nice , naughty , nice , nice , nice . there be hardly any naughty child this year . [ door chime : jingle all the way ] sandy claw now who could that be ? lock , SHOCK &amp ; barrel trick or treat ! sandy claw huh ? [ back to halloweentown ] [ to Jack in Sandy garb ] sally you do not look like yourself Jack , not at all . jack be not that wonderful . it could not be more wonderful ! sally but you be the pumpkin King . jack not anymore . and I feel so much better now . sally Jack , I know you think something 's miss . but -- [ prick Jack 's finger with needle ] jack sally sorry jack you be right , something be miss but what ? I have get the beard , the coat , the boot -- lock , SHOCK &amp ; barrel Jack , Jack this time we bag he ! lock this time we really do ! barrel he sure be big Jack ! SHOCK and heavy ! sandy claw let I out ! jack Sandy claw in person . what a pleasure to meet you . why you have hand ! you do not have claw at all . sandy claw where be I ? jack surprise be not you ? I know you would be . you do not need to have another worry about Xmas this year . sandy claw what ? jack consider this a vacation Sandy , a reward . it 's you turn to take it easy . sandy claw but there must be some mistake ! jack see that he 's comfortable . just a second fellow . of course , that 's what I be miss . sandy claw but -- jack thanks ! [ take Sandy 's hat ] sandy claw you just can not ... hold on where be we go now ? jack ho ho ho sally this be worse than I think , much worse . I know ... sandy claw me? on vacation on Xmas eve ? barrel where be we take he ? sally where ? lock to oogie boogie , of course . there be not anywhere in the whole world more comfortable than that and Jack say to make he comfortable . do not he ? SHOCK &amp ; barrel yes he do . sandy claw have not you hear of peace on earth and good will toward man ? lock , SHOCK &amp ; barrel no ! [ Dr. Finkelstein 's castle ] [ get fog juice ] sally this will stop Jack . [ work on new creation to replace Sally ] dr . finkelstein what a joy to think of all we will have in common . we will have conversation worth have . [ oogie 's ] lock , SHOCK &amp ; barrel [ laugh ] sandy claw do not do this . naughty child never get any present . SHOCK I think he might be too big . lock no he 's not . if he can go down a chimney , he can fit down here ! [ in oogie 's lair ] oogie boogie 's song perform by Ken page with Ed lvory oogie boogie well , well , well , what have we here ? Sandy claw , huh ? oh , I be really scared so you be the one everybody 's talkin ' about , ha , ha you be jokin ' , you be jokin ' I can not believe my eye you be jokin ' I , you gotta be this can not be the right guy he 's ancient , he 's ugly I do not know which be worse I might just split a seam now if I do not die laugh first Mr. oogie boogie say there 's trouble close at hand you would better pay attention now ' Cause I be the boogie man and if you be not shakin ' there 's something very wrong ' Cause this may be the last time you hear the boogie song , ohhh three skeleton ohhh oogie boogie ohhh two skeleton in vice ohhh oogie boogie ohhh three bat ohhh , he 's the oogie boogie man santa release I now or you must face the dire consequence the child be expect I so please , come to you sense oogie boogie you be jokin ' , you be jokin ' I can not believe my ear would someone shut this fella up I be drownin ' in my tear it 's funny , I be laugh you really be too much and now , with you permission I be go to do my stuff santa what be you go to do ? oogie boogie I be gonna do the best I can oh , the sound of rollin ' dice to I be music in the air ' Cause I be a gamblin ' boogie man although I do not play fair it 's much more fun , I must confess with life on the line not mine , of course , but yours , old boy now that would be just fine santa release I fast or you will have to answer for this heinous act oogie boogie oh , brother , you be something you put I in a spin you be not comprehend the position that you be in it 's hopeless , you be finish you have not get a prayer ' Cause I be Mr. oogie boogie and you be not go nowhere [ ls&amp ; B laugh ] [ back to halloweentown ] [ Sally pour fog juice into fountain ] [ Jack appear from coffin and there 's applause ] mayor think of we as you soar triumphantly through the sky outshine every star . you silhouette a dark blot on the moon , you who be we pride , you who be we glory , you who have frighten billion into a early grave . [ the fog start to get worse ] mayor you who have eh , devastate the soul of the live ... jack oh no ! we can not take off in this ! the reindeer can not see a inch in front of they nose . sally whew ! vampire this fog 's as thick as , as ... cyclop jelly brain vampire thicker ! jack there go all of my hope , my precious plan , my glorious dream . kid [ cry ] there go Xmas . zero bark jack no Zero , down boy . my what a brilliant nose you have . the better to light my way ! to the head of the team , Zero ! we be off ! sally wait Jack , no ! [ Jack be off ! ] [ cheer ] jack ho ho ha ha ha sally good bye Jack , my dearest Jack . oh how I hope my premonition be wrong . Sally 's song perform by Catherine o'hara I sense there 's something in the wind that feel like tragedy 's at hand and though I would like to stand by he can not shake this feel that I have the worst be just around the bend and do he notice my feeling for he ? and will he see how much he mean to I ? I think it 's not to be what will become of my dear friend ? where will he action lead we then ? although I would like to join the crowd in they enthusiastic cloud try as I may , it do not last and will we ever end up together ? no , I think not , it 's never to become for I be not the one [ Jack play Sandy ] jack ho ho ho ho ho ho he he he [ land loudly &amp ; wake up little kid ] a little kid Santa ! [ see Jack ] [ gasp ] Santa ? jack merry Xmas ! and what be you name ? kid uh uh jack that 's all right . I have a special present for you anyway . there you go sonny . hohohohehehe [ go back up chimney ] mother and what do Santa bring you honey ? [ pull out shrunken head ] [ mother and father scream ] jack merry Xmas ! cop [ on phone ] hello , police . [ frantic peanut - type talk ] attack by Xmas toy ? that 's strange . that 's the second toy complaint we have have . jack hohohohehehe [ killer wreath , snake , vampire toy , killer duck ] [ scream ] [ Jack put toy down chimney ] [ scream ] [ Jack in the box chase fat kid ] jack you be welcome one and all ! cop [ on phone ] where would you spot he ? --- fast as we can , mar 'am --- Police --- I know , I know a skeleton --- keep calm --- turn off all the light --- make sure the door be lock --- hello , police newscaster report be pour in from all over the globe that a impostor be shamelessly impersonate Santa Claus , mock and mangle this joyous holiday . Halloween resident [ cheer ] newscaster Police assure we that this moment , military unit be mobilize to stop the perpetrator of this heinous crime . sally [ over the newscaster ] Jack , someone have to help Jack . where would they take that Sandy claw ? newscaster -- come back and save Xmas jack look Zero , search light ! [ fire at Jack ] jack they be celebrate ! they be thanking we for do such a good job . [ almost hit Zero ] jack whoa , careful down there , you almost hit we . zero bark jack it 's ok , Zero . head higher ! [ oogie lair ] oogie boogie be you a gamblin man , Sandy ? let 's play . [ see sally 's leg ] oogie boogie mmmm .. my , my .... what have we here ? [ Sally 's hand start to rescue Sandy ] sally [ whisper ] I will get you out of here . oogie boogie ah , lovely . tickle , tickle , tickle . tickle , tickle , tickle . [ Sally 's hand untie Sandy ] [ oogie realize that there 's no body to the leg ] oogie boogie what ?!? you try to make a dupe out of I ? [ oogie suck Sandy and Sally back in ] [ back to Jack ] jack who 's next on my list . ah , little Harry and Jordan . wo not they be surprised . [ sleigh get hit ] jack they be try to hit we ! zero ! zero bark [ sleigh get hit ] [ as Jack 's fall ] jack merry Xmas to all and to all a good night ... [ Halloween ] werewolf howl ! mayor ( with white face ) I know this Xmas thing be a bad idea . I feel it in my gut . terrible news folk . the worst tragedy of we time . Jack have be blow to smithereen . terrible , terrible news . [ back to " normal " town ] cop [ in car ] attention , attention citizen . terrible news . there 's still no sign of Santa Claus . although the impostor have be shot down , it look like Xmas will have to be cancel this year . I repeat the impostor have be shot down but there 's still no sign ...... [ Jack in cemetery ] poor Jack perform by Danny elfman what have I do ? what have I do ? how could I be so blind ? all be lose , where be I ? spoil all , spoiled all everything 's go all wrong what have I do ? what have I do ? find a deep cave to hide in in a million year they will find I only dust and a plaque that read , ' here lies poor Old Jack " but I never intend all this madness , never and nobody really understand , well how could they ? that all I ever want be to bring they something great why do nothing ever turn out like it should ? well , what the heck , I go and do my best and , by god , I really taste something swell and for a moment , why , I even touch the sky and at least I leave some storey they can tell , I do and for the first time since I do not remember when I feel just like my old bony self again and I , Jack , the pumpkin King that 's right ! I be the pumpkin King , ha , ha , ha , ha and I just can not wait until next Halloween ' Cause I have get some new idea that will really make they scream and , by God , I be really go to give it all my might uh oh , I hope there 's still time to set thing right Sandy claw , hmm [ oogie lair ] sally you wait till Jack hear about this . by the time he 's through with you , you will be lucky if you ... mayor the king of Halloween have be blow to smithereen . skeleton Jack be now a pile of dust . sally [ gasp ] jack come on Zero . Xmas be not over yet ! oogie boogie what 's that you be say about luck , rag doll ? sally help , help , help , help oogie boogie Sandy , look like it 's oogie 's turn to boogie . sally [ scream ] oogie boogie one 2 3 4 5 6 7 -- hahaha sandy claw this can not be happen ! oogie boogie ash to ash , and dust to dust . oh , I be feel weak ... with hunger . one more roll of the dice oughta do it . haha [ roll dice ] what ! snake eye . [ bang on table ] eleven ! haha look like I win the jackpot ! bye bye doll face and sandman . ha , ha , ha [ about to dump Sally &amp ; Sandy Claus into the lava ] what the ... jack hello oogie oogie boogie Jack , but they say you be dead . you must be double dead . well come on bone man . zero bark bark oogie boogie oooo ooo ooo . pull a arm . ha ha sally Jack look out ! oogie boogie so long , Jack . haha jack how dare you treat my friend so shamefully . [ Jack pull the thread that come loose that hold oogie together ] oogie boogie now look what you have do . my bug , my bug , my bug , bye bye bye jack forgive I Mr. claw , I be afraid I have make a terrible mess of you holiday . sandy claw bumpy sleigh ride , Jack ? the next time you get the urge to take over someone else 's holiday , I would listen to she ! she 's the only one who make any sense around this insane asylum ! skeleton .... jack I hope there 's still time -- sandy claw to fix Xmas ? of course there be , I be Santa Claus ! [ and lay a finger aside of he nose , up oogie 's chimney he rise ] sally he will fix thing Jack . he know what to do . jack how do you get down here Sally ? sally oh , I be try to , well , I want to , to -- jack to help I sally I could not just let you just ... jack Sally , I can not believe I never realize ... that you ... mayor Jack , Jack ! barrel here he be ! lock alive ! SHOCK just like we say . mayor grab a hold my boy ! jack &amp ; sally whoa ! newscaster good news , folk . Santa Claus , the one and only have finally be spot . Old Saint Nick appear to be travel at supersonic speed . he 's set thing right , bring joy and cheer wherever he go . yes folk , kris kringle have pull it out of the bag and deliver Xmas to excited child all over the world ! finale perform by Danny elfman , Catherine o'hara , and the citizen of Halloween chorus La , la , la , ( etc . ) Jack 's ok , and he 's back , ok child corpse and chorus he 's all right mayor and chorus let 's shout , make a fuss scream it out , wheee chorus Jack be back now , everyone sing in we town of Halloween jack it 's great to be home ! sandy claw hohohohoho happy Halloween ! [ Sandy claw bring snow to Halloween ] jack merry Xmas ! child corpse what 's this ? cyclop what 's this ? harlequin demon I have not get a clue mr . hyde what 's this ? clown why it 's completely new off -screen voice what 's this ? wolfman must be a Christmas thing off -screen voice what 's this ? mayor it 's really very strange chorus this be Halloween Halloween ! Halloween ! Halloween ! what 's this ? what 's this ? ( repeat ) dr . finkelstein careful , my precious jewel ! [ Dr. f. with he new wife ! ] jack my dearest friend , if you do not mind I would like to join you by you side where we can gaze into the star jack and sally and sit together , now and forever for it be plain as anyone can see we be simply mean to be [ at the end of finale , Zero zoom off into the heaven ] the end !