int . talbot house , bedroom ( victorian period ) -- night — S ee eee eee uec torian period ) ~~ night thunder rumble and lightning flash ... young lawrence , a raven-haire youth , 10 year old , sit up in he bed , look fearfully to the darkness . int . talbot house , hallway -- night with the STORM heard raging outside , Young lawrence peer out into the hallway . a man 's anguished cry be heard , but it 's lose in the SOUND of thunder . be it imagine ? Young lawrence , in a night ~ - shirt , start tentatively down the long , dark hall of this opulent , victorian manor house . lightning illuminate many big game , animal head trophies mount one - after - another : TIGER ... elephant ... lion ... Young lawrence walk , try to ignore the freakish tableau . down the hall Young lawrence slow , look ahead to ... a door ajar . liquid pool out from beneath , like black molass . Young lawrence move to push the door OPEN ... in this master bedroom a man be slump on he knee , weep , cradling the figure of a woman . he let out another cry of anguish ! young lawrence Father ... ? the man , sir JOHN talbot , 40 , look to see Young lawrence . Sir John be in agony , tear stream down he face . the cradle woman' arm fall free , dangle limply , the wrist slit ; gash wide with blood flowing to the floor . Young lawrence stumble back in horror ... falling against he older brother , benjamin , 12 , arrive in the doorway . Benjamin , likewise terrify , raise a bright oil lantern to the room just as booming thunder be heard ! ext . talbot house -- continuous -- night the stately mansion and surround countryside be glimpse in brilliant lightning . thunder echoes as we ... soar up into the tempest ! camera Z00 ms : through and beyond roiling STORM cloud ... to find a full moon shine down . match dissolve to : int . theater -- night close on : a stage - craft full moon backlit by flicker gaslight within a paint backdrop of crooked tree and grim sky . into frame step handsome lawrence talbot , mid -30' . lawrence ( as hamlet ) to be or not to be . that be the question . whether 'tis nobler in the mind to suffer , the sling and arrow of outrageous fortune ... other actor be silhouetted in nearby shadow . costume lawrence walk to centerstage , passionate eye gleam . lawrence or take arm against a sea of trouble , and by oppose end they . to die : to sleep . no more ; and by a sleep to say we end ... in the audience : wealthy west-enders watch , enthralled . lawrence the heart - ache and the thousand natural shock , that flesh be heir to : 'tis a consummation , devoutly to be wish would . to die ... CUT to : ext . london theater district -- night ee district ~~ night tolling hauntingly , big BEN be faintly see in the gloom of this bleak victorian horizon of endless building , skeletal industrial crane and soot - spew smokestack . insert title : " London , 1888 " while on the near street , theater - goer pour noisily out from the theater into filthy , loud , over - crowded londontown . int . theater , dressing room -- night eee oneght a boisterous party be heard from the other room . lawrence sit at he dressing table , in costume , pour two stiff drink . he hand one to a tawdry cockney lady beside he . lawrence over the lip and through the gum ... they drink . cockney Lady laugh , already drunk . lawrence pour again while cockney Lady paw at he amorously . a fatherly , elder actor , american , enter from a curtain changing booth , pull on he jacket , watch they . cont inued elder actor a few cocktail , lawrence ? lawrence a few . elder actor too many ? lawrence et tu , brute ? elder actor no. indulge , by all mean . just do not forget yourself . lawrence toast he own reflection in he mirror . lawrence I make no promise . elder actor the occasion be in the other room . bring you new ... friend . elder actor exit . lawrence extricate himself from cockney Lady 's grasp , kissing she hand as he stand . lawrence Excuse I , dear , while I dress . cockney lady dress. undress . whichever you like . she smoke . lawrence begin change from he costume . behind , the door open as a lovely woman , gwen conliffe , 30 , look in , nervous . she knock , clear she throat . gwen begging you pardon , sir ... I ... lawrence be take off he shirt as he look over . gwen be stunningly beautiful , in a nice , though plain , dress . she try to avert she eye from he shirtlessness . gwen I be ... terribly sorry , but ... you be one Mr. Talbot ? lawrence correct . gwen Mr. lawrence Talbot , actor ? lawrence pull on a shirt , buttone . continued lawrence correct again , and while normally I would be so happy to make . the acquaintance of a admirer as lovely as yourself ... ( of cockney Lady ) ..- tonight , as you can plainly see ... gwen you misunderstand I . lawrence do I ? well , make it quick . I be about to have my hand full . gwen I have come from Talbot Hall . West blackmoor . my name be gwen conliffe . betroth to Mr. Benjamin Talbot . lawrence regards she with a new seriousness . gwen nod . gwen make way as lawrence show cockney woman out the door . lawrence my brother 's fiance ? lawrence consider , look to cockney Lady . lawrence a moment alone , please ... cockney lady what 's all this about ? lawrence go entertain yourself . I will collect you momentarily . lawrence so , miss conliffe ... what bring you here tonight ? gwen you have have no letter from Benjamin lately , though you expect one . forgive my read they , but you last correspondence with he tell I you would be in London now . ( troubled pause ) the reason there 's be no letter ... Benjamin be go . he 's disappear . lawrence disappear ? cont inued gwen for almost a month now , without a trace . and there 's be a kill in blackmoor ; a unspeakable murder . all the while , a certain woman be at the center of it . because of she , propriety forbid I from say anything more . ( pause ) I come to ask for you help . lawrence my father . he know you come ? gwen he know . lawrence he ask this ? my father ? gwen I ask . I pray you will return to Talbot Hall . } lawrence turn away , sullen , slowly shake he head . lawrence I cannot . gwen you must . please . how ... how can I express what heartache it 's be ...? lawrence tonight be we last performance before return to New York . ! besides which , whatever this be ... i what help could I be in any of it ? gwen with respect , where else would you have I turn ? it be you family in dire need of you . lawrence I be sorry you have waste you time . for my own reason , I will never go back to blackmoor . I be afraid that 's | my final word . gwen stare sadly down in weary despair . gwen well , then . there 's nothing more to say . except thank you for hearing I , Mr. Talbot . continued lawrence watch as gwen cross . she halt at the door . gwen . I know you have be away for nearly a lifetime . still ... he be you blood . you only brother . gwen go , shut the door . lawrence stand alone , miserable . cur to : int . london lodging house , lawrence's room -- night eee eeeeeeee—ee—eaeacaoaeaeaeleaeeeee02SUE ee lawrence sleep in a small bed in a small room . coc kney Lady sleep beside he . lawrence stir , dreaming ... ext . moor field ( lawrence's dream ) -- niget ee ee eee no lawrence , in he hamlet costume , walk this swampy moor amidst a heavy fog . mist swirl as he reach out . lawrence hello ...?! ahead , within a circle of huge , weathered and ancient stone monolith jutting upwards from the ground , lawrence near ... a lone man in rural attire , stand with he back to we . lawrence Benjamin , be that you ? Ben ...? as lawrence approach , the man turn to reveal ... a faceless visage of unbroken flesh stretch ' taut across a skull of empty eye socket and gape maw ! int . lodging room -- night eee ee lawrence awaken , aghast , sweaty . he sit up , look beside he to cockney Lady who lie face away . lawrence Lord ... what a dream . you awake ? cockney Lady groans sleepily , stir ... lawrence I dreamt I be in a fog , and ... cockney Lady turn , show a ghoulish skull -face devoid of feature -- shrieking -- she teeth gnashing ! int . lodging room -- dawn seem lawrence awaken for real this time , sweaty , gasp . as he look to cockney Lady who lie face away beside he , he scramble from the bed , back fearfully to the wall . ext . lodging house roof moment later -- dawn a rooftop hatch be throw open with a thud . lawrence climb : a ladder out onto the flat roof , wear clothes he 's throw on . he take out and light a cigarette , inhale deeply . lawrence go to the roof 's edge . he take out a bottle , drink . he stare across the dark London cityscape set against the aborn , orange sunrise . his mind be troubled . lawrence ( under he breath ) damn you , Father . goddamn you . lawrence angrily fling the bottle at the horizon . it 's heard shatter far off , shard heard scatter . a distant train whistle sound , grow louder ... cur to : ext . london train station -- morning — — — — ol ee sseea—aeeeeae the train whistle sound from inside the station . we find member of lawrence 's acting troupe unload many large trunk of " atherton travel theater Co. " belonging from wagon . station attendant help transport the trunk inside . other actor slap lawrence on the hack , wishing he well , as elder actor come to firmly shake lawrence 's hand . elder actor we will do the best we can without you . it 's right this ; you go home . lawrence no home of mine , but I be go . hard to believe , one long day 's journey take I back 20 year . elder actor good luck . see you in New York . lawrence nod , wave as he cross the STREET ... this be post -industrial - Revolution London , with the sound of industry echoing in the sooty air ; London as the center of the universe . street bustle with hurried gentlemen and lady , shouting hawker , dirt - poor wayward youths and beggar . as lawrence reach a wait four-horse carriage , the driver open the passenger door . lawrence climb in . dissolve to : ext . outside london / montage begins -- day SE eee lawrence 's carriage crest a hill , leave london hazily distant . much beauteous countryside lie ahead . ext . forest -- day the carriage move swiftly through dense , sun - dapple wood . ext . blackmoor village outskirt -- day — — — see i eee ee dal in the countryside , under blackmoor 's ( perpetually ) grey skie , lawrence 's carriage veer leave at a fork in the dirt road . the other road lead to the village on the horizon . int . / ext . lawrence's carriage ( in motion ) -- day — ele UN motion ) ~~ day lawrence peer pensively out the window ... scan the bleak and forbiddingly vast moor . low , wild heath and peat dominate this desolate , boggy wasteland . the stone monolith from lawrence 's nightmare command a area of high ground . cawing black crow congregate . ext . blackmoor road , further on -- dusk — eee cere _ on ~~ _dusk the driver guide lawrence 's carriage onward . Beyond near field , a gypsy encampment of tent and wagon have settle a open area border by forest . campfire burn . gypsies lead horse , carry water and skin wild game . in the gypsy camp at one exotically decorate wagon , a ancient , female fortune - teller , old maleva , step out , sense something . stoop Old maleva hobble purposefully across the encampment , past other tribe member who respectfully make way . she reach a vantage point from where she can see ... the distant roadway where lawrence 's carriage be pass . Old maleva 's pierce eye narrow , fixate . ext . talbot estate -- later -- dusk = er dusk the carriage at last pass under a vine- entangle stone gateway with a barely discernible " talbot " hewn into it . the long , estate road ahead be canopy by mighty tree . down the estate road / montage end — _ — bl montage end amidst once -impressive , now - neglect orchard ... talbot mansion loom ; majestic , though it 's glory day be long past . two-story . two wing . Weathered and age . dissolve to : : ext . talbot house , front door -- night = eront door ~~ _ night with the carriage head away in the b.g. , lawrence set down he two suitcase . he gather he nerve , straighten he clothing and hair . hesitant , he knock , enter ... int . talbot house , grand hall -- night the door creak , as lawrence enter . he pass through the wood - panele entry parlor , crossing into the giant , victorian - gothic grand hall . it 's a cavernous room , with wall cover floor - to-ceil in tapestries , painting and all manner of display weaponry ; rifle , lance , shield and cross sword . across the way , two staircase combine at a landing to lead up to the West and East wing balconies of the second-story . lawrence cross , footstep echoing . there be a look and feel here of cobwebby , fray - edge , smoke - darken gloom and decay , as there will be everywhere throughout Talbot House . gothic indeed . everywhere , magnificence wane . lawrence come to stand before the Grand Hall 's massive fireplace , stare up at the oil painting hang above ... a portrait of he mother ; a youthful , olive -skin beauty stand on the moor , she dress and raven hair flow . man' voice ( 0.s. ) " I will arise and go to my father , and I will say unto he ...! " ris reverie break , lawrence turn to see ... grey-haire , dashingly handsome sir JOHN talbot , mid -60' , stride down the staircase , he mellifluous voice booming . sir JOHN " Father , I have sin against heaven , and before thee ! and I be no more worthy to be call thy son ; make I as one of thy hire servant ! " Sir John reach the bottom of the stair , follow by he ioyal dog , a old hunt hound , samson . Sir John be a impose presence ; a well-dressed man of the gentry , despite the odd wear cuff here and loose seam there . sir JOHN and lo and behold , here he stand : [ the prodigal Son return . shall I i have my own robe bring to be place upon you shoulder ? ring for you finger and shoe you foot ? shall I kili the fatte calf ? lawrence do not go to any trouble on my account . sir JOHN come , let I see you . let I look at { what kind of man you have become . lawrence walk to face Sir John , clear he dry throat . i continued 10 . lawrence hello , Father . sir JOHN lawrence . they look at each other , no more than ten foot between they , silence hang like a challenge . a chilly reunion . sir JOHN word fail I . when you telegram arrive to say you be come , I could not bring myself to believe it . I have grow so accustom to think I would never lay eye on you again . lawrence as have I . Sir John smile wryly , walk to cross the vast room . sir JOHN of course , to be clear ... it be not my idea to send for you . lawrence I would not have imagine so . sir JOHN not that you be not welcome , of course ! we will make room for you ... ( to he :dog ) -+- will not we , boy ? it 's only that ... I simply can not help wonder ... Sir John yank a dusty , tassele bell pull several time . sir JOHN what difference could possibly be make by you be here ? a fair question , I think . lawrence consider , restrain he anger . lawrence I will do whatever I can , I suppose , to aid my miss brother ... sir JOHN how noble you be ! lawrence although , know so little yet , how can I give the answer you seem to want from I , Father ? cont inued will . sir JOHN let I be the one to enlighten you . Sir John turn on he heel , shout , so he voice echoes .. sir JOHN kendall ! ( disgruntled ) where in the hell ...? enter through one archway beneath the stair , come the bald and pasty butler , kendall , exasperate . kendall yes , Sir John , yes . here I be . sir JOHN wonderful , kendall . lawrence here will be we guest for ... however long . take he thing up . have gwen meet we in the draw room . cur to : int . talbot hall , drawing room -- night eee eee — E — — eyr eee in the dark , cluttere , high - ceiling drawing room , Sir John pour much scotch into two glass on a liquor tray . sir JOHN blackmoor 's trouble begin the day the wander caravan arrive . late - winter , ten month ago . lawrence look up at animal head trophies , safari photo , and world map adorn the wall . Sir John place one drink on a table near lawrence , go to sit in a chair by the blaze fireplace which samson lie near . sir JOHN the gypsy be quite willing to make a live from we ; tell fortune , trading and peddle goods . but , since many villager still believe all gypsy to be witch , a distance be keep . although ... it be rumor that , amongst the gentleman of blackmoor ... lawrence look at one photograph : of young lawrence and young benjamin stand with mother and sir JOHN . continued 12 . sir JOHN some man of questionable moral , upon a hunt excursion , or out for a evening 's constitutional , may discreetly make they way to the gypsy encampment . there they be welcome to partake of wine , woman and song . well ... maybe not song . at the doorway , gwen give a small cough , enter timidly . there 's no deny she fair beauty . samson go to she . gwen good evening . Sir John stand to be polite ... sir JOHN hello , gwen . -.. and immediately sit back down . lawrence give a nod . lawrence hello . gwen I do not expect you would come . please ... do not let I interrupt . gwen pet samson . she cross to a corner , look small . sir JOHN six week ago , a gypsy name Victor ; a blackguard and thieve criminal , finish serve a lengthy prison term in London . he return to the tribe , only to find he gypsy wife far along in a pregnancy . lawrence the child be not he ? sir JOHN his absence be too great . and so , this Victor drag the unfortunate woman , carmilla , into the village . he bring she before we justice of the peace , say blackmoor parish owed he justice . a clock begin chiming . 7:00 . Sir John stand . sir JOHN Seven o'clock already . we must leave . lawrence leave ? where be we ...? continued } { Sir John 's already stride out the door . ext . talbot house , great lawn -- moment later -- night — — — oo ee mr to on eght Sir John walk from talbot house . lawrence and gwen follow . on the lawn , ahead , a stable boy bring three horse . lawrence why would this husband go outside he tribe ? unless , he feel the village do the wrong to he . sir JOHN exactly . Victor have beat a confession out of he wife . she tell how she secret lover be one of the man of blackmoor . gwen she will not say who it be . sir JOHN for which she 's spend the last month and a half jaile ; to be hold until she tell he name . lawrence you still have not say what all this have to do with Benjamin . gwen 's troubled , unable to bring herself to say it . . lawrence see this . Sir John be likewise sadden ... sir JOHN Benjamin be suspect . lawrence as the father ? it can not be true . sir JOHN squire strickland have call a Public hear for tonight . I must be there to speak for you brother . Sir lawrence and gwen go to take they horse ' rein . Sir John climb ably up onto he great , white stallion . stable Boy give gwen a boost as she mount she horse . sir JOHN you can still ride can not you , lawrence ? Sir John and gwen ride towards the estate road . sigh , lawrence take he horse , climb expertly on . he ride . 14 , ext . talbot estate road -- moment later -- night oo ee get Sir John , gwen and lawrence ride abreast . lawrence Benjamin 's no adulterer . he 's not capable of such treachery . sir JOHN on that the three of we at least agree . however ... on the first full moon night during carmilla 's imprisonment , there be a kill ... flashback / ext . the moor , murder site -- morning eee tt morning with the monolith in the distance , several farmer stand along with the blackmoor constable , in he rural police garb , he bicycle near . all stare in horror at a mutilate , headless corpse lie on the blood - soaked ground . back to scene -- talbot estate road -- night ee I _ cuniget sir JOHN a shepherd be slaughter . his person tear and scattered . flashback / ext . the moor , murder site -- morning — — — — ee eee ee morning now with the farmer and constable in the distance , we see a_ smear of blood on one stone monolith . a man 's severe head lie nearby , neck rag , eye wide . fly swarm . back to scene -- talbot estate road -- night SE se road ~~ night Sir John , gwen and lawrence ride on . gwen done by some ... beast . or make to look like it . sir_ JOHN the peasantry claim a devil-creature be call by a curse place on we by carmilla ; or be conjure by that gypsy sympathetic to she plight . gwen they say a loup - garou stalk the witching hour of the full moon . lawrence a werewolf ? be you serious ? continued sir JOHN whoever commit the murder do so to stir superstitious fear , in the hope that carmilla would be set free . gwen it be one day after the kill , when Benjamin go miss . sir JOHN found go , some of he clothing and belonging take . as if he would fle . lawrence and he say nothing before he leave ? he give no indication ...? gwen no , he ... he say nothing . lawrence watch she , sense something . she avert she gaze . lawrence be you certain ? gwen he say nothing . sir JOHN the longer he 's go , the more rumor spread and fester . so , tonight ... to defend Benjamin mean defend the gypsy carmilla . cur to : ext . blackmoor village , town square -- night — a eee es eee as the door of the jailhouse open , a o.s. crowd be heard reacting . the very pregnant gypsy , carmilla , in shackle , bewitchingly lovely déspité she pale , ail appearance , be lead out by the gorillalike jailer . Sir John follow , grim . the citizen of blackmoor pack the lamp - light , cobblestone street of the square ; mostly poor , peasant farm family . some shop worker , laborer and servant . a awesome guardian angel statue -- wing spread , sword raise -- stands at the crowd 's center . shop owner watch from the doorway of the border tavern and storefront . wive and daughter lean out 2 no -story , residential window . on the jailhouse stair carmilla be lead down a few step , face the crowd , she green eye fearful . Sir John follow to stand with she . continued 16 . at the jailhouse door : out strut the haughty magistrate , squire strickland , 60 , long -haire , immaculately bedeck . in the square lawrence and gwen climb the tiere base of the angel statue to stand where they can see over the gather . behind the crowd , in the open-air forging workshop of he blacksmith shoppe , the brawny , irish blacksmith , jame fitzgerald , come to watch . he 's soot - cover , in a leather apron . his wife join he , cradling they infant child . on the jailhouse stair strickland survey the crowd , raise a hand . crowd quiet . strickland my friend ... we all know why we be gather here . ( point down ) this man have suffer a injustice ... in the square at the front of the crowd , give wide berth by villager , stand victor , carmilla 's thuggish , gypsy husband , wear a eyepatch . he 's flanke by Old maleva , the fortune teller , and bela , the gaunt , waxen-skinned gypsy Chief . on the jailhouse stair strickland a great wrong be do to he . done by this woman ... he own wife ! carmilla hang she head , she feature bath in cold sweat . strickland she carry a bastard child conceive in the sinful act of adultery . in the square the crowd murmur , agitate . beneath the tavern be " sword of God " sign , several of the town 's more elderly and most wealthy gentry stand watch : the distinguished doctor lloyd ; the broad -shoulder , walrus-moustached colonel montford ; and the wizen , dour-face pastor fisk . other plump , drunken land owner stand amongst they , drinking . on the jailhouse stair strickland play to the cheap seat always . continued | strickland she refuse to say who in blackmoor Village be the father . why be that ? have it something to do with the full moon evening , when blood and gut be spill onto the moor !? and what about the note ; secretly nail to this very door in the dead of night one day later ...? strickland thrust out a piece of paper ... a scrawle note and drawing of a pentagram : " release her or other die " strickland a threat make against we all , with the next full moon tomorrow ! in the square Beyond the angry crowd , lanky constable NYE ( see in the flashback ) arrive on he bicycle , pipe in mouth . on the jailhouse stair strickland who make the threat ? for we to find the truth , she must confess she fellow adulterer name ! as the crowd voice assent , strickland glance to Sir John . in the square : under the statue , at the cacophonous center of the shout crowd , lawrence and gwen look around in despair . on the jailhouse stair Sir John step forward , face the gather , raise he hand . the crowd begin quieting , respectfully . sir JOHN please , if I may ...! you all know I . you know the talbot have and always will be one of the pillar of this community . JI be a honorable man . as such , I must ask again ... by what law , squire strickland , be this woman hold , when adultery be no crime ? strickland yes , well ... I be not surprised you would like to see she freed and forget , Sir John . be not it you son say to have frequent the gypsy camp ? ( more ) continued 18 . strickland ( cont . ) you son ; Benjamin , who be witness in heat argument with this woman , and who visit she while she be jaile ...? sir JOHN what kind of man be you , to make such accusation against my son ?! strickland this be fact , not accusation . the crime be economic ! should this forgive husband be leave unfairly responsible for the financial burden of the bastard child ? I think not . sir JOHN that be the reason you pretend so you may exert you puritanical will . you wish to disgrace whoever dare to have relation with a lowly gypsy ! so you overstep the bound of you authority by jailing she , while you slander my family 's good name ! strickland if that be what you truly believe , let the debate be open to all ... oaddress the crowd ) if there be anyone who also feel this woman be . the aggrieve party , say so now ! make yourself hear ! sir JOHN except who would dare speak against you , as you be principal landowner and justice of the peace ? strickland nonsense . yes , many be indebted to I ... but everyone know I be a fair and open-minded man . they know they can speak freely , so ... ( address crowd ) again ; if you side with she , as Sir John do , speak ! you think I be unjust ? I beg you , raise you voice ! in the square under the statue , lawrence and gwen look to the surround crowd as everyone grow hush . at the blacksmith shoppe , James fitzgerald watch , empathetic . he set he jaw , step forward , about to speak ... his wife reach to stop he . he see the fear in she eye . continued at the tavern , the gentry exchange sheepish look ( except stone - face fisk ) , know they will not speak out . on the jailhouse stair in the silence , carmilla shut she eye , shed a tear . strickland , arm out , turn to Sir John . strickland a tell silence . deafeningly so . Sir John can say nothing more , solemnly defeat . lawrence's voice ( 0.s. ) ( from across the square ) my brother be innocent ! in the square everyone turn en masse , look ... under the statue , lawrence stand at gwen 's side . lawrence I be lawrence Talbot , and I would stake my life that Benjamin be not the father . whoever be ... can not you see she 's try to protect you ...?! ( imploringly , to villager ) how can you keep silent while she suffer this way , all to save you from harm ? I beg you , reveal yourself all around lawrence and gwen , not one person speak . no one . on the jailhouse stair strickland another heartfelt , familial plea . alas , meet aiso with a empty sound . ( turn to carmilla ) if she will not tell , so be it ! we hold she longer still ! as the jailer step forward ... carmilla stand , in shackle , tearful . carmilla no ! no more ! I will tell ... the gasping crowd return all attention to carmilla . carmilla I will tell you all ! I will keep the secret no longer ! the crowd' quieting as carmilla look to the apprehensive Sir John . she wipe tear , look out , gather courage ... continued 20 . carmilla it be Benjamin ... Benjamin Talbot . you have my confession . as the crowd react , everyone talking ... shout ... i at the base of the stair , Victor 's enraged , charge up the ; stair towards carmilla ! the jailer step up to block the ° : way -~ shove Victor back ! bela come to restrain Victor . : strickland 's smile , triumphant . he nod ... the jailer walk to take carmilla 's arm , pull she up the step . Sir John bow he head , stricken , despair . in the square under the statue , lawrence and gwen be stunne . gwen no! it 's ... it 's not true . gwen climb down , distraught , pushing through ... lawrence gwen ! gwen ! she shove past villager , run away into the crowd . cur to : int . tavern -- night a smoke - fill meeting of .town elder . strickland , Doctor Lloyd and Colonel montford sit at a table , drink . other fat land owner smoke , drink and whisper amongst themselves . colonel montford tomorrow come the full moon . do you let the whore go or not ? doctor lloyd if I be permit to speak in my good | friend Sir John 's defense ... the barkeep serve more booze . Sir John be seat by the | fireplace , stare into he mug , brood forlornly . i i strickland | you need not defend anyone , Doctor . i we be all on the same side . I more i than anyone wish Ben would appear . | colonel montford you know how it look , Sir John . there be that who believe Benjamin 's hide away , till she 's release and the gypsy go . even more think he be the murderer ... continued { pastor fisk sir JOHN I do not give a damn what people think ! to hell with they all ! colonel montford w...well . doctor lloyd ( to strickland ) still , it do seem you crusade have reach its end , squire , with the man she 's implicate nowhere to be find . barkeeper I know where he be ! you want to know ?! that lose soul 's spellbound in she curse ; out in the wilderness somewhere , live like a mad animal ... till the full moon call he again to do she red work ! you will see , tomorrow night ! observe , by the bar where constable nye lean . constable NYE please do keep that supernatural claptrap to yourself ! pastor fisk no . there may be something to it . everyone look to spooky pastor fisk , quieting . pastor fisk the devil be able to touch we world . there be such demon that walk like man , and man who walk like demon . silence linger , the FIRE heard crackling . doctor lloyd well , I be not certain what that mean , but if she 's still jaile by the Quarter session , there will be hell to pay . beg pardon , pastor fisk . ( to strickland ) she 's make the confession you demand , have not she ? colonel montford the note say other will die ! doctor lloyd yes , Colonel , but we do not know who leave the note , who do the murder , or even if they be the same person ! continued 22 . strickland enough . enough ! ( sighing deeply ) let the full moon rise and fall . if there 's no other kill , carmilla will be release to she husband . he may deal with she however he see fit . sir JOHN and the child ? what if it be truly my grandchild she carry ? strickland what of it ? once this be do , the tribe will move on . feel free to follow they if you like , but they will be blackmoor 's problem no longer . cur to : ext . farm field / unfinished house -- night sss ee ee eeeeeeeee__ lawrence ride he horse through low fog , carry a lantern . ahead be the fine framework of a far-from-finished house at forest 's edge . lawrence dismount , bring the lantern . inside the framework , gwen stare up to the starry sky . lawrence my father say I might find you here . gwen welcome to ... we house . not yet a home . on the farthest edge of the you family 's estate . I use to iaugh that this be as far as I could get Ben to move from Talbot Hall . lawrence further than I would have expect . gwen smile faintly , look back up . the surround wood framing describe a large , simple two - story structure . gwen not that there 's be much work on it . not lately . lawrence he will be back . he will . gwen 's sad , want to believe . they walk . gwen thank you for what you say tonight . continued lawrence I mean it . he be and always will be the good brother . the good son . unlike myself . outside the frame , gwen and lawrence walk with the unfinish house behind they , open field before they . gwen I confess , after meeting you in London , I do not ... hope for much . from you behavior . you drink , and that ... woman . I ... lawrence yes . well , I may be more than I first appear . or less . they stop , look to the distant light of the gypsy camp . lawrence you claim Benjamin say nothing unusual before he leave . be that the full truth of it ? gwen look at he , uncertain what to say . lawrence whatever you be hide , I hope you will trust I enough soon to tell I . behind , a horse snort . lawrence and gwen turn , startle ... Old maleva and bela be there on horse , like eerie specter . lawrence hello ? what do you want ? Old maleva ride closer . bela slowly circle , eyeing they . lawrence step protectively in front of gwen . old maleva you . you be the young Talbot ? lawrence in a manner of speak . old maleva you should return to wherever you be from . the path you be on lead to the end of you . lawrence ( unnerve , sarcastic ) as much as I would like to take you advice , I be afraid I can not . lawrence be keep a eye and lantern on bela . bela stop . continued 24 . gwen you be the fortune teller ? old maleva maleva the seer. gwen then , see he brother .... my fiance , Benjamin . please tell we where he be . Old maleva 's pierce eye fix on gwen a moment . suddenly , Old maleva yank she horse 's rein , riding off . lawrence aim he lantern up at bela 's glower face . lawrence you do not say much , do you ? bela kick he horse , riding to follow Old maleva . lawrence and gwen watch . Old maleva halt , turn back ... old maleva I will ask the spirit . if they know of you brother ... I will find you . Old maleva ride to follow bela away into the night . cur to : ext . talbot house , great lawn -- dawn = rea lawn ~~ _ dawn gray morn . constable nye pedal he bicycle fast across the great lawn . he leap off , bound up the stair ... int . talbot house , grand hall -- continuous — — ee ee eee eee the front door swing wide as constable nye storm in , stumbling , gasping to catch he breath ... shout out ... constable NYE disaster ! cur to : ext . town square , blackmoor jailhouse -- morning — ee re lbonse — > morning amongst some gather villager , lawrence watch as ... carmilla 's enshrouded corpse , entirely wrap in cloth except for she face , be carry down the stair of the jailhouse , shoulder by six gypsy men . a coin have be place on each of carmilla 's close eye . on the STREET , a enclose gypsy wagon await . Old maleva stand with carmilla 's husband , Victor . bela 's on horseback . they watch , creepily emotionless , as ... carmilla 's body be load into the back of the wagon . continued 25 . Old maleva look up at lawrence , then climb in . the wagon 's driver begin slowly drive away as Victor , bela and all the other gypsies follow along . int . jailhouse , holding area -- moment later -- day — — — es eee ee er tt aly lawrence enter . a utilitarian desk and cabinet be locate across from three empty , metal - bar cell . Sir John , constable nye and squire strickland stand at the first open cell , where Doctor Lloyd kneel . jailer 's in the b.g . doctor lloyd she be cold as the grave . the baby be motionless inside she . a necklace carmilla wear lie on the floor , its amulet open , like a locket , with red powder spill out from inside it . doctor lloyd there be a remnant of the gypsy poison here , whatever it be . lawrence approach as Doctor Lloyd rise . Sir John move past , step away , lose in think . doctor lloyd it might have be pass to she by someone in the tribe . she might have have it with she the whole time . constable NYE why ? why kill herself now ? strickland who know ? abandon by Benjamin . deathly afraid , I be sure , to face she husband 's wrath . whatever she reason , there 's no question she take she own life . ( consider ) good riddance . to she and all of they . Sir John slowly turn . he stride back towards strickland ... Sir John punch strickland ! he swing again , but he 's grab by lawrence and Doctor Lloyd , hold off . strickland recover , furious , nose bloody . strickland what the devil ... !? doctor lloyd what 's come over you , John ?! cont inued 26 . sir JOHN you might as well have kill she yourself , strickland , damn you ! Sir John pull free of Dr. Lloyd and nye , angry . sir JOHN tell I ... how will my son clear he name !?! now that she 's ... she 's ... ( venting rage ) how will he ever return to prove he innocence now ?! tell I that . he grab a chair , hurl it ... shatter the glass of a cabinet ! int . talbot house , grand hall -- day serr eoe lawrence descend the stair , slow as he see samson lie on the floor , on he belly , head down . samson lift he chin to look at lawrence , whimper , lay back down . int . talbot house , dine room -- day — — — se ee eeoeee lawrence enter . a long dine table stand beneath three grand , cobweb - cover chandelier . Sir John be seat at the far end , foot up , drunk , a half - empty bottle hold . his untucked shirt bear the talbot family crest on its pocket . sir JOHN ah ... Mr. Talbot , esquire . just the gentleman I be look for ... Sir John rise . lawrence remain by the door . lawrence be you alright ? sir JOHN I have be meaning to ask you . explain again exactly how it be you make you live . pretend you be someone else ? play at life ? how bloody appropriate ... lawrence you should rest , Father . you have probably have enough to drink today . Sir John drink . he slam the table with the bottle , drag the bottle along the table as he walk the length of it . sir JOHN be I alright , you ask ? ( more ) continued 27 . sir JOHN ( cont . ) be I alright ?! good Christ ! I want someone to tell I ... someone tell I , please ... how could this have happen that you be here and he be not ? where be my son !? ( agonize pause ) what would not I give ... to have it be you the one miss instead . you do know that , do not you ? lawrence swallow hard , refuse to let out he sorrow . : lawrence of course I do . sir JOHN until yesterday , you be miss . so forgive I if I doubt I will begin to rely upon you at this late date . lawrence yes , sir . sir JOHN you be you brother 's opposite . never worth a damn . you be not even man enough to stand up for yourself , be you ? say something . do not just stand there . defend yourself , goddamn you ! defend yourself !! lawrence just clenches he jaw , tear welling up . Sir John 's spend , pull out a chair to sit . stare forward . sir JOHN get out of my sight . lawrence turn to leave , falter upon see ... thru the doorway : gwen in the hall , mortify for he . gwen I be ... I be sorry , 1 ... lawrence struggle mightily to maintain he composure as he walk out , pass gwen , walk on . CuT to : int . tavern -- dusk strickland address a handful of villager , a few gentry amongst they . constable nye smoke he pipe by the door . strickland ask I ? rink up , I say . head home . ( more ) cont inued 28 . strickland ( cont . ) spend the night behind lock and key , merely as a precaution . that 's what I 'li be do , and here 's to it ... ( raise he mug ) a uneventful evening . everyone toast , drinking . constable nye exit ... ext . village square , tavern -- moment later -- dusk — — — — — — — — — — — — eo— ee— teoeorer ons ater TW dusk night near . constable nye get onto he bicycle . he take a revolver from the pouch on he handlebar , check it . he put the gun back , straighten he hat , nervous . nye ride off through the square , circle the angel statue . street be desert . shop be close . window shutter . in some of the second story window , a few villager peer out . curtain be pull shut . everyone 's hide , wary . down the STREET , as nye ride by the church ... under the church entryway , pastor fisk look out , watch nye pass . fisk shove the heavy church door shut . ext . talbot house , great lawn -- dusk Skies over Talbot Hall darken . Sir John , Doctor Lloyd and Colonel montford , in heavy jacket , walk to they horse . kendall , the butler , follow , overburdene with shotguns and hunting bag . lawrence follow kendail . : Sir John , Dr. Lloyd and Colonel montford mount . kendall hand up the gun and supplies . sir JOHN i we will keep watch , cover as much | ground as we can till dawn . for no reason whatsoever , I be certain . colonel montford I hope to God you be right about that . sir JOHN | ( impassively , to lawrence ) still . stay in . keep this on you . Sir John offer a pistol , which lawrence step up to accept . Sir John , eye hang -over -bloodshot , do not look at he . doctor lloyd shall we ? Sir John , Dr. Lloyd and Colonel montford ride off . lawrence look at the gun in hand , look to Talbot Hall ... where gwen stand silhouetted in the front doorway . ext . blackmoor outskirt -- night a full moon edge over the horizon . ext . peasant multi -family dwelling -- intercut -- night chimney smoke waft from a large , thatched - roof peasant homestead . one peasant male stand guard , rifle in hand . in the peasant dwelling FIRE in the fireplace . peasant family ; father , mother and many child , be crowded into this common dwelling , eating at the rough-hewn , communal table . everyone 's quiet , tense . several of the men share worried glance . many rifle be propped up by the front door . int . talbot house , grand hall -- night gwen enter to find lawrence look up at he mother' portrait . after a moment , lawrence turn to see gwen . gwen tell I about she . lawrence ( look to painting ) the kindest soul . without equal . ( remember ) we spend endless hour together in this very room . play music ... read book aloud , and play . acting out favorite scene . she be able to fill this house with warmth , if you can imagine . gwen what happen ? I mean ... do not say , if you feel you cannot . it 's just ... Ben and you father refuse to speak of she . lawrence look to gwen , he mood darken . in the upstair hallway -- moment later lawrence and gwen appear in the doorway of a empty room . lawrence this be my bedroom . when I be ten year old , one night , a storm wake I . I start down the hallway ... he lead gwen down the hall , past the dusty audience of animal head trophies ( familiar from the open scene ) . 30 . down the hall lawrence approach the close door of the master be:droom . lawrence my parent ' bedroom . there be something liquid on the floor . lawrence step up , use one finger to push the door OPEN . he stare into the dark bedroom . lawrence my father hold she as she die . she would kill herself . slit she wrist . blood be ... everywhere . ( pause ) I never even know why she do it . gwen I ... do not know . I be sorry . on the stair , grand hall lawrence , still lose in remembrance , descend with gwen . lawrence there 's a lot I do not remember . my mind be affect , they say . ( troubled pause ) I spend month in a insane asylum , in London . Father send I . till I could cope with my mother 's death . they return to the grand hall . gwen 's listen , sadden . lawrence in that nightmare ; the asylum ... I live strapped down . drugged . lose amongst the scream mad . it truly be a hell . that much I recall . ( pause ) I be return home , " cure . " I last five more year till I run away , at fifteen . to America . ( look around ) I have spend my whole life travel the world so I would be anywhere but here , and yet ... here I be ! ext . the moor -- night constable nye , smoking he pipe , ride he bike on blackmoor Road , through the wasteland moor . a lantern hang from he handlebar . he stop to check he pocket watch . it 's 12:21 . 31 . ext . blackmoor , forest -- night with the full moon high in the night sky ... the quiet of the deep forest be break by the SOUND of something moving this way , snapping branch and shove through foliage as it go . we catch only the merest glimpse of a bestial shadow ; some creature , moving fast ... pov_-- through the creature's eye we be a beast on two foot ; we animalistic breathing heard as we charge headlong through the vine - ensnarl forest . int . talbot house , grand hall -- night gwen stand face away from lawrence , greatly troubled . gwen I want to confide in you , lawrence . I have not tell anyone . not even you father . ( pause ) from the moment carmilla be jaile , Benjamin be not himself . he ... gwen hesitates as footstep be heard . across the room , kendall walk to tend to the fireplace . gwen not here . come with I . ext . gypsy encampment -- night the camp be quiet , with light in the window of only a few of the wagon . campfire be out , still smolder . shadow move across one large tent from inside ... in the gypsy tent two female gypsies sit watch a third lay tarot card on a crooked table . a lantern throw they shadow as third gypsy speak a unintelligible incantation over each card . Pov _-- through the creature's eye we look out from dense foliage , watching the gypsy camp . we move forward ... seeing the shadow against the tent ahead . in the gypsy tent third gypsy keep intone , lay down card after card . she stop , look to the other two gypsy woman , nervous . third gypsy whisper as she slowly turn one more card ... the grim reaper ; death card . third gypsy stand , afraid . 32 . Pov _-- through the creature's eye see we see the full shadow of third gypsy stark against the tent fabric and we charge full speed ahead ... in the gypsy tent something huge fall against the tent behind third gypsy as a horrible mouth clamp down upon the back of third gypsy 's head -- sharp fang pierce the tent fabric ! third gypsy scream as the growling creature -- see only as a monstrous shape against the tent -- be violently thrashing third gypsy ! the other gypsy woman shriek ! third gypsy 's scream as blood flow out from she mouth ! across the gypsy camp hearing the carnage , gypsy men rush out from other tent . Victor exit one wagon , rifle hold , run to the scream . int . talbot house , drawing room -- night — ee ran ing room ~~ night gwen lead lawrence in , shut the door , she voice hush . gwen Benjamin send I away before the first full moon . he insisted I stay with my parent in London . he would not say why , only that he would send for I . but , jhe never send word ... lawrence because he have disappear . ext . gypsy encampment -- night eee night follow : Victor sprinting across the camp , rifle up ... ahead , the other two gypsy woman flee from the tent as we follow Victor into the tent ... seeing the back of the tent 's rip wide OPEN , bloody . Victor leap through the hole ... outside , Victor fall to the ground , he rifle drop ! he roll to see he 's trip over third gypsy 's mutilated corpse . a guttural o.s. growl be heard ... pov_-- through the creature's eye — — — ese eee we be about 100 foot from Victor . he look at we , horrify , just as we move forward . Victor scramble to retrieve he rifle , manage one panicked shot -- the bullet whizzing past -- as we leap onto he and he 's scream . 33 . in the drawing room -- night gwen Ben know something terrible be go to happen under the full moon . ( sorrowful pause ) how could he have know ? a distant , chill howl be heard from outside ... gwen and lawrence react , look . lawrence cross to throw one window OPEN . from across the night , another other - worldly howl be heard ; the harrowing howl of the werewolf ! ext . the moor -- night constable nye freeze mid-peddle , pipe fall from he mouth as the howl be heard in the distance ahead . he roll to a stop . another howl be heard . sound closer . nye look over he shoulder to the far village light . he turn he bike , start peddle back . ext . gypsy encampment -- night Victor lie dead , he still bleed throat ripped out . Pov _-- through the creature's eye we have move on : raging across the desolate moor ... scrambling through swampy patch ... leaping over rocky outcropping ... landing mid-stride , incredibly agile ! ext . the moor -- night constable nye ride , leg pump , in the erratic light throw by he wildly swinging lantern . the village be close . Pov _-- through the creature's eye we race between the ancient stone monolith ... seeing something ahead which make we quicken pace : the figure '' eeing constable NYE and the light of he lantern . ext . blackmoor village -- moment later -- night follow : constable nye bike at incredible speed into the village . he glance back , gasp , pull out he pistol . he look , firing -- bang ! bang ! bang ! bang ...! nye drop the emptied weapon with a cry , face front to try desperately for more speed , fly past storefront ... constable NYE help ! help I !! 34 . pov_-- through the creature's eye we be gaining on nye , on the verge of overtake ... int . apothecary shoppe -- continuous just as constable nye 's zooming by , the hulk beast -- see only as a blur of motion -- tackle nye , carry he , bike and all , in through the shatter front window ! cur to : pitch black . we hear constable 's nye 's scream and the horrid , wet sound of the snarling beast tearing he apart . fade in : ext . gypsy encampment -- dawn pale morning . in this trample field where the camp once stand , there be now only three gravemarkers . Fresh grave . the gypsies be go ... they caravan see slowly move away in the distance . amongst the caravan ( in motion ) the gypsy 's laden , lumber wagon be leave blackmoor behind . many gypsies follow on they heavily - load horse . on the lead wagon : bela work the rein . Old maleva 'ts beside he , dress in black funereal garb . she cast one last look back over she shoulder , then face front , pull she black shawl up over she head . CUT to : ext . blackmoor village , apothecary shoppe -~- dawn close - on : a large , bestial footprint , leave by a claw foot in the dried mud of the street . the footprint of a werewolf . pastor fisk kneel , examine the footprint . strickland , Sir John , Dr. Lloyd and Col. montford stand over he . doctor lloyd by the time we all make it back here , just before dawn ... the attack have already take place . as pastor fisk stand , we pull back : to reveal ... fisk and the gentry elder be at the center of attention , surround by many villager watch anxiously . in the apothecary shoppe Inside the shattered window , fly buzz . continued 35 . lawrence stand look 0.s. into the shop , handkerchief to he mouth . pastor fisk , strickland , Sir John and Col. montford move through the crowd outside , enter . they all look in disbelief upon the attack 's aftermath ... wall and ceiling splatter with blood and bit of torn flesh ... constable nye 's mangle bicycle on the floor , piece of gore hang off its spoke ... . pastor fisk this ... be the devil 's work . ... and constable nye 's ravage and barely recognizable corpse lie strangely twisted in one corner . a arm and leg missing . lower torso torn OPEN , shiny entrail spilt . it 's too much for Col. montford , retching , quickly exite . pastor fisk look to strickland . fisk slowly nod . pastor fisk there 's no deny ... it be a werewolf . we village be curse . CuT to : ext . unfinished house -- day follow : gwen riding full gallop on she horse ... she ride towards she framework house . she see ... lawrence on horseback , mid-field . she ride towards he . across the field , lawrence sit on he horse , stare off at the work - in- progress house from this distance . gwen arrive . lawrence you hear ? gwen ( nod , she brave face ) if you leave ... you would have every right . if you leave and never look back , no one could blame you . no one . lawrence consider , look to gwen . lawrence until my brother return to live in this house with you , I will stay . I make that promise to you ... to myself . gwen 's relieved more than she might like to show , hearten . gwen ( quietly ) thank you . fade out : cont inued 36 . from black , faintly at first , gunfire be heard ... booming ... insert title : " 28 day later " fade in : ext . talbot hall , great lawn -- day a line of peasant stand shoot rifle . lawrence and Sir John be on horseback , observe from behind this dozen or so riflemen . Sir John have a large hunting rifle strapped to he back . talbot hall be in b.g. lawrence ( shouting to riflemen ) steady you aim ! take a knee if you must ! target the heart ! across the lawn : the target line of six rag scarecrow be take sporadic fire , torn here and there by the bullet . lawrence the heart be the kill shot ! impatient with the result , Sir John pull he mighty , big game rifle off he shoulder , aim over the other -- fire ! boom ! the top half of one scarecrow explode ! everyone stop fire , look to Sir John , lawrence include . Sir John 's pleased with himself ... notice they . sir JOHN what ?! I be certain the heart be in there somewhere . lawrence and Sir John share a laugh . lawrence ( to kiflemen ) alright , man ... keep practice . we have two more day . two day from now , it be the night of the hunt . more gunshot echo from across the great lawn . Sir John and lawrence ride off in that direction ... across the great lawn nearer the orchard , there 's another training area where peasant on horseback ride a course while firing pistol ... shoot at target mount on distantly space post . other peasant and villager ( and horse ) wait they turn . Col. montford 's trudging over from this area , pass a picnic of gentry wive , child and female servant . continued colonel montford ( mutter to himself ) it will take more time than we 37 . nve get to train up this motley group . ( wave over to wive ) afternoon , lady . yes , hello . ( return to mutter ) we be all doom . mid - lawn , Col. montford join strickland sit at a incongruous mahogany table there 's a map of blackmoor spread out on kendall 's serve a elaborate afternoon strickland ( to Dr. Lloyd ) and Dr. Lloyd , and chair . the tabletop . tea on fine china . we have searched from the forest to the moor . each of we tread every inch of we land and find no evidence of any '' unwelcome visitor . " colonel montford ( accept tea ) yes , it 's one thing if this man-beast come from ... out there somewhere ... ( waving to the distance ) quite another if it be amongst we . Lloyd and strickland share a look , mull this unhappily . colonel montford could be anyone . could be someone 's curse and do not even know it . ( stare off , fretting ) a werewolf ... he 's the worst of man and beast ; kill not for food or in self - defense , but for kill 's sake . Sir John and lawrence arrive , dismount . strickland half the village have leave for the city already . everyone who remain be at each other 's throat . doctor lloyd I stitched up five drunken brawler in the village last night alone . strickland killing this creature mean save we community from itself . gunfire be heard as training continue in the background . someone be riding this way from far across the property . continued 38 . lawrence no more word from London ? strickland no officer have hurried to take constable nye 's position , not surprisingly , consider the manner in which it be vacate . sir JOHN London send promise of help ; never the help itself . we be on we own . doctor lloyd they most likely think we mad . TI think we mad , so why should not they ? strickland yes , it all seem laughable in the light of day , but wait till when the full moon return . all the man nod , agree . kendall nod , still serve . colonel montford on that midnight hour , the shadow of the monster will fall upon we again . sir JOHN I can not help wonder how different thing might be except for the action of certain person . strickland ( bristle ) if you refer to certain person who be still unaccount for , I be inclined to agree . Sir John look likely to swing again . strickland stand . lawrence stop this , please . doctor lloyd quite . we have all of we end up in this together . leave it at that . Sir John back down , fist clench . he walk , go off to watch the continue riding and pistol target - practice . lawrence we will be ready . whatever creature it be will be defeat . doctor lloyd speak of which ... cont inued 39 . they look to see it be the brawny blacksmith , fitzgerald , riding across the lawn . he arrive , dismount ... fitzgerald greeting , sir . strickland afternoon , Mr. fitzgerald . what have you bring we ? fitzgerald what be contract , but let I take a appreciation of this moment ... that such fine gentleman would be eagerly await the arrival of my lowly self . can not imagine another circumstance will ever provide I with the same celebrity . colonel montford get on with it , man ! fitzgerald at you service , Colonel ... fitzgerald unty two , heavy leather bag from he saddle , lug they over to the table . everyone stand . fitzgerald bless by pastor fisk ... fitzgerald overturn one bag onto the blackmoor map ... spill out many gleam silver bullet . fitzgerald Said to be all that 's good for kill werewolve . they all look upon the bullet with a kind of reverence . lawrence reach to pick up one silver bullet , examine it . lawrence have we all go mad ? be this just some kind of ... mass hysteria ? doctor lloyd what happen to the good constable be real enough . strickland if the only thing silver do that lead can not be steady the hand of the man fire the gun , that 's still enough for I . let it be silver . across the lawn , Sir John watch as ... one peasant ride , shoot at the target , miss most . continued sir JOHN lawrence ! lawrence look over . he obediently go to mount he ride over to Sir John and the pistol - training strickland , Dr. Lloyd and col . montford walk over better view . fitzgerald follow . lawrence reach down to take the pistol Sir John sir JOHN show they again how it 's do . lawrence ( to the peasant ) ride at the target . it 's no contest of distance , so bear down . make each of you six shot count . you will not have much chance to reload in the thick of the hunt . lawrence kick he horse and he 's off ... 40 . he horse . peasant . to get a hold up . he ride quickly into the training area , zig - zagging towards each mount target as he 's shoot the pistol ... hitting target ... ..- after target ... ..- after target ! each dead on ! he 's a able marksman . Sir John watch , grin proudly as ... lawrence ride back . the ’gentry politely applaud . sir JOHN nicely do , son . excellent . the significance of that word be not lose on lawrence . lawrence thank ... thank you , sir . ( offer pistol back ) you teach I well in my youth . I be still surprised I retain any of it . sir JOHN of course you do . you be a Talbot . it 's in you blood . Sir John walk back towards the gentry . lawrence be surprised , stir by he father 's approval . cur to : 41 . ext . farm field / unfinished house -- day lawrence ride , hold the rein of gwen 's horse to guide it since gwen ride while hold she hand over she eye . as they cross the field , 0.s. hammering be heard . gwen how much further ? can not I look yet ? lawrence have some patience . gwen patience ? you have keep I away for week . I be feed - up with patience ! gwen 's grin , amused . lawrence be pleased . they travel a little further . lawrence dismount , go to help gwen down . he guide she a few step , position she . lawrence okay . you may look . gwen finally lower she hand , open she eye ... they stand before gwen 's now nearly complete 2 - story house . the outer stonework and woodwork be almost finish . only a few window be in place so far and laborer be still ' work on the roof , but it 's very nice indeed . gwen oh ... oh , my , it 's ... beautiful . overwhelm by emotion , gwen turn to wrap she arm around lawrence 's neck , kissing he cheek . lawrence be surprised . gwen release he , immediately realize , blush . gwen forgive I . I ... I do not mean to ... I be only ... lawrence gwen . there 's nothing to forgive . now , please , if you would not mind ... ( smile ) why do not you go in ? see for yourself . this be you home . gwen nod . she look upon the house a long moment . tear come to she eye . lawrence see , he smile fade . gwen my home ... and ben' . continued gwen walk to the house . lawrence watch she go inside , : absently reach to touch he cheek where she kiss he . : cur to : int . talbot hall , gwen' bedroom -- night gwen stir under she bedclothes , have trouble sleep . int . talbot hall , lawrence's bedroom -- night lawrence lie in he bed , wide awake . a SOUND be heard from somewhere ; like a creaking door . lawrence sit up . in the hallway lawrence look out , pull on a shirt . floorboard creak . in the grand hall lawrence come to look over the balcony railing ... below : the light of a lantern head down one hallway underneath the stair , casting someone's lengthen shadow . lawrence find this very strange , head downstairs . int . talbot hall , conservatory -- night lawrence enter , look across the expansive , empty conservatory . glint lantern light from outside Plays across the sweeping greenhouse window .above . lawrence quickly cross , he breath fogging a window as ... lawrence's Pov -- through window Sir John can be see , in a heavy coat , use the lantern to make he way across the manor 's neglect , hillside garden . in the conservatory lawrence back away from the window , perplex . gwen' voice ( 0.s. ) lawrence ? lawrence spin to see gwen crossing towards he . gwen who be that ? { lawrence put a finger to he lip . ext . talbot hall , rear garden -- night lawrence and gwen follow Sir John 's path through the garden cont inued ahead , Sir John 's lantern light head into the dark forest nearby , throw erratic shadow . lawrence nod forward , offer he hand to gwen . gwen hesitates for the merest moment , then she reach to take lawrence 's hand and they hurry after Sir John . in the forest lawrence and gwen , still hold hand , travel a pathway through the foliage . Sir John 's figure and he lantern glow can be see far ahead . lawrence and gwen slow as ... they reach a clearing surround by wringht iron fencing . it be the Talbot family graveyard . generation old . at least 30 headstone . at center stand a large , ornate tomb . three new candle burn in the melt wax on the step of the tomb where many a candle have burn before . lawrence release gwen 's hand as they solemnly approach . the flickering light off the candle dance across the tomb 's elaborate carving , illumining the likeness of lawrence 's mother' face , she eye shut , etched in the granite of the tomb door . below be the word ... " Anna Talbot , beloved wife and mother . taken by tragedy . " lawrence backtrack to the trail , look ahead to where .. the whole of the forest be darkness . no sign of Sir John . CUT to : int . talbot hall , drawing room -- morning Sir John sit stare into the cold fireplace , brood , petting samson at he side . as it often do , he shirt bear the talbot family crest . behind , lawrence enter . lawrence Father . I see you go out last night . follow you , actually , to the forest . sir JOHN why do not you join I ? lawrence I lose sight of you . sir JOHN I could not sleep . wandering the wood quiet my mind 's anguish . Sir John stand . samson walk over to lick lawrence 's hand . continued 44 , lawrence there 's ... there 's no truth , be there , to the rumor that Benjamin may be hide nearby ? look after by someone ? perhaps ... somehow afflict . sir JOHN no . there be no truth to it . Sir John cross to stand close to lawrence . sir JOHN with all that 's befallen this household of late ... I have be meaning to put into word some ... expression of gratitude . lawrence you be try to say thank you ? sir JOHN yes , yes . that say , when the time come tonight ... I do not care what you have to do ; what excuse you have to make ... you must not participate in the hunt . lawrence you be not serious ? sir JOHN do not ask I to explain . just do as I tell you . there will be plenty of we out there without you ... lawrence you ... you know I cannot ... sir JOHN I ask this one thing of you , as you father . this once , heed my word ! ( try to calm ) with you brother still go , you and I be all that remain of this family . if anything be to happen to I ... you may very well be the last to carry on the Talbot name . ( pause , commanding ) ride out if you must , but break off from the group . return here to hide . just stay away , you hear ? stay away ! Sir John walk , exite . lawrence be leave bewilder . samson bark up at he , go to follow Sir John . cur to : 45 . ext . forest / waterfall -- day lawrence and gwen stand at a cliff edge , face the incredible view beyond the steep drop . across the rocky chasm , a slender waterfall cascade . gwen some day , I expect to see he riding up to Talbot Hall . other , I know in my heart some terrible fate must have befallen he . ( pause ) more often now , I think Benjamin simply ... leave . move on to start some other life without I ... lawrence no. gwen perhaps with someone else . lawrence no. gwen we do not know . we may never . lawrence I have something for you . forgive I for not give it to you sooner ... lawrence take out a old , fold envelope from he jacket pocket . he take a letter from the envelope . lawrence you already know Ben and I write each other when we could . this letter , from last year ... I have carry it with I since . he write ... ( reading from letter ) " her family , of reeves Lane , londontown , visit often with friend here . her name be gwen . gwen conliffe . she be so fair as to take you breath away . I only wish somehow you could meet she , my brother , to see with you own eye how I have be bless . " gwen listen , greatly affect by Ben 's word . lawrence " I be in love . I can tell only you ... I plan to ask she hand in marriage . ( more continued 46. lawrence ( cont . ) I pray she will have I , for I can not live without she . " ( refolding letter ) this man would never leave you . he will let nothing prevent he from return to you , so long as he be able . bleak as the situation may ' seem ... do not give up hope . lawrence offer the letter . gwen accept it , grateful . j lawrence we should head back . they walk into the forest , leave the beautiful waterfall . gwen why carry it ? why this letter ? lawrence I realize , long ago ... by run away ; by take my freedom , I deny Benjamin any chance at he own . I shackle he to my father . and Ben , in he goodness , stay behind to be my father 's son all this year . gwen I do not believe he see it that way . lawrence he know nothing else ... have no other option , because of I . his whole life , he barely even step foot : outside of blackmoor . | ( pause ) i that letter show that Ben 's destiny i do find he . you . you be the happiness I be afraid he might never | know . i ext . forest / castle ruins -- day =— eee eee re a day still deep in the forest , lawrence and gwen return to where ' they two horse be tie to a tree . the impressive ruins of a ancient castle stand on this site . the castle 's crumble battlement and tall tower be break away in ! place to reveal cross-section view of cavernous room and | stone stairwells , all overgrown and tangle with vine . lawrence kendall will take you with he into the village tonight . continued 47. gwen I can stay at Talbot Hall if you leave I a weapon . lawrence alone ? I be afraid that 's out of the question . the safest place for you will be with everyone else . from inside the ruins -- someone's Pov ... ... watch lawrence and gwen . someone be looking out from the ruins as lawrence help gwen climb up onto she horse . in the forest clearing lawrence now climb onto he own horse . the SOUND of falling stone cause he to look back ... on the ruins , fragment of age stone tumble from beneath a dark hole high on one tower . no one in sight . further down the forest trail -- moment later as they ride , gwen study lawrence . gwen people have begin to talk , that we spend so much time together . lawrence let they talk . they enjoy talk . lawrence smile . gwen smile . gwen i how be it you be so very unlike the i man I first meet ? I still can not { reconcile it . lawrence if I can not reconcile it , how can you i expect to ? i ( off gwen 's look ) i I be a actor . Sir John say it ... that I " play at life . " onstage ; the hero , the lover , or the clown . offstage ; the cad , numbe by drink and promiscuity . who I be truly ...? ( pause ) anyone but myself . gwen well , I like you fine , lawrence Talbot . whoever you be . CUT to : 48 . ext . blackmoor village , church -- dusk nightfall . fog roll in . a throng of the village 's citizen make its way to the church . pastor fisk stand by the entryway , watch everyone file up the stair . on various surrounding rooftop , armed men be station . amongst the crowd of weary and wary villager and farm family make they way into the sanctuary ( many man bear firearm ) , we may recognize blacksmith fitzgerald 's wife carry they infant . a fretful kendall escort gwen . at the doorway , gwen look unhappily back , then go inside . ccut to : ext . over blackmoor -- night low in the inky sky , a full moon burn brilliantly . ext . talbot hall , front door -- night follow : as lawrence come out from Talbot Hall accompany by Dr. Lloyd . they walk , both carry rifle . doctor lloyd you father and I have be friend for , well ... more year than this old man care to count . I be there , lawrence , when you come into this world . and over this past week even in the midst of everything ... I be glad to have make you acquaintance . lawrence likewise , Doctor . doctor lloyd I believe you have be a great comfort to John . he would tell you himself , I be certain ... would that he be capable of such sentiment . Doctor Lloyd and lawrence share a rueful smile . lawrence I be sure you be right . they walk on , continue to ... the great lawn where a breeze carry the undulate , thicken fog . in the light of many lantern , three hunting partie gather , all heavily armed . continued 4g. each party consist of four or five peasant / hunter on horseback ; one houndsman , on foot , each restrain four hound on short leash ; along with ... ... Sir John and fitzgerald head up party one ; strickland and col . montford lead party two ; and finally , lawrence and Dr. Lloyd join party three . all be on they horse sir JOHN I have be here many time before . on the savannah and in the jungle of the Dark continent . I have a feel you will learn what it be to pit yourself against a worthy adversary tonight . remember ... never underestimate you prey . strickland this fog complicate matter , to say the least . if , as legend claim , the werewolf strike at midnight ... ( look at pocket watch ) .... will not be long now . godspeed . as everyone begin to move out ... Sir John make sure to pass close to lawrence , stare he down , while lawrence try to pretend not to notice . each group begin head in a different direction . cur to : ext . blackmoor forest -~ night deep in bleak , foggy forest , Sir John 's hunt party slowly move through , follow they houndsman and dog . before long , the hound begin barking excitedly . the houndsman look nervously back to Sir John . Sir John hold up one finger . the houndsman release one dog , which go running ... quickly disappear in the fog . Sir John , fitzgerald and the hunters ride to give chase . follow : Sir John 's party move quickly , guide by the barking , avoid tree and ducking branch in the mist . they charge down a hillside , halting as they come upon the hound bark and growl at a large , impenetrable bramble . fitzgerald something 's in there . Sir John hold up a hand , keep the other back . he and fitzgerald warily advance , pistol aim ... behind , the hunters aim rifle , target the thicket . continued 50 . the dog 's still bark furiously at the bramble . suddenly , a fox leap out , bolt away . cur to : int . church -- night men guard the window . child sleep in blanket on pews and on the floor . villager stand in worried little group . pastor fisk stand on the altar stair , read he bible . gwen be seat in the front pew , stare with tired eye . kendall 's beside , have fall asleep on gwen 's shoulder . a clocktower bell be heard tolling from outside . everyone begin talk , whisper . pastor fisk close the Bible , look up . gwen look up , troubled . ext , blackmoor village , town square -- night over the empty square , the clocktower toll . 12 o'clock . cur to : ext . the moor -- night fog' thicker . strickland and Col. montford 's party trail they houndsman and he root hound across the open ground of the heath . from across the moor : the howl of the werewolf be heard , not far away . the hound go crazy . all in the party react , wide - eye . strickland look to the terrify Col. montford . ext . forest edge -- night elsewhere , lawrence and Dr. Lloyd 's group traverse a field , leave forest at they back . the werewolf be long , almost mournful cry reach they from far behind . everyone freeze . doctor lloyd you hear that ? lawrence to the south ! the moor ! they all turn , riding back toward the forest . | | i | | | on the moor the dog bark wildly , strain at they leash . strickland , Col. montford and the other struggle to control they jittery horse . another howl be heard , very near now , just beyond the envelop blanket of fog . colonel montford Saints preserve we ! it 's here ! strickland ( to the houndsman ) now , man ! loose they ! the houndsman obey , let he hound free ... all four dog race off together , go from sight in the mist . strickland 's party listen , weapon at ready as ... unseen in the miasmic gloom : the hound be heard barking as they converge ; growling furiously as they be attacking something ! from the sound of the ensue , violent struggle , there come the savage roar of the werewolf ! the dog yelp , be slaughter ... be silence . from the fog : one dog be mutilate body be thrown ... landing with a bloody - wet thud before the spook horse ! from the fog : a lone , survive hound sprint out , flee . strickland raise he pistol -- shoot ! Col. montford and the other join -- boom ! boom ! boom ! -- firing blindly into the fog bank where the hound be kill . strickland hold you fire ! wait ! everyone stop shoot . listen . the werewolf's roar come from elsewhere , farther . strickland it 's on the run ! come on ! strickland ride towards that last roar ... follow without hesitation by the four other hunters . leave only col . montford gape down at the rip - up hound bleed - out on the ground before he . i Col. montford decide , turn he horse , retreate . int . forest -- night follow : lawrence riding hard , lead he team through the fog-shroude forest with Dr. Lloyd close behind . suddenly , lawrence 's horse rear up ... lawrence be nearly throw , struggle with the rein . continued as Dr. Lloyd and the hunters halt , lawrence leap down . lawrence walk , hold up he lantern to reveal ... i a bloody white stallion lie dead , utterly eviscerate . ; Sir John 's horse , clearly kill by the werewolf doctor lloyd good Christ . lawrence ( grim realization ) my father 's horse . doctor lloyd lawrence , over here ! Doctor Lloyd climb down from he horse , go to a nearby body lie face down . lawrence run over just as Dr. Lloyd turn the corpse . it 's a dead hunter from Sir John 's party , cover in blood , eye and mouth wide , he face clawe . doctor lloyd one of you father 's man ! lawrence stumble back , swallow sickness , dismay . the howl of the werewolf be heard , distant . lawrence ( to hunter ) you man , ride on to the moor . go ! they five fellow hunters obey , riding . lawrence pull he pistol , stride onward , gun in one hand and lantern in the other , search the forest . lawrence ( shouting ) Father ! Father ! ext . the moor -- night follow : as strickland and he party 's four hunters gallop headlong , pistol raise , into the swirl mist ... strickland show yourself , monster ! suddenly , a beastly figure rise quickly from the fog ... pulling down the Hunter to strickland 's right ! strickland and the remain hunters ride on , oniy just realize ... see the now riderless horse amongst they . strickland no ! behind , the man be heard crying out in agony ! continued 53 . follow : as strickland split off to ride back . he 's advance quickly on something barely see in the gloom ... the beast be hunkere over the hunter be prone body ! as strickland shoot , the beast leap away ! go . strickland halt he horse , look upon the eviscerate , dead hunter whose severe arm lie near . elsewhere across the moor col . montford ride , glance back , spurring he horse on . he thunder past a old , crooked sign without notice it ... over skull and crossbone : " keep out ! dangerous bog ! " further on , Col. montford 's glance back once more when he horse suddenly splatter into the bog -- trip up and fall -- throwing Col. montford ! col . montford land with a splash in swampy quagmire ! he gasp , roll onto he belly , knee - and - elbow - deep in the muck . he look up to see he horse , nearer the bog 's edge , splash its way to solid ground . colonel montford no ! come back here ! come back ! the horse run off . Col. montford look around , begin struggle to extricate himself , desperately afraid . int . forest -- night lawrence and Dr. Lloyd be on foot , call out ... lawrence Father ! doctor lloyd Sir John ! they soon come upon another grisly discovery ... one more hunter from six John 's party , lie dead on he back ; half of he , actually , since he legs be gone . doctor lloyd what Hell have we wander into ? a gurgling cry be heard ahead . lawrence and Dr. Lloyd look , run towards the sound . someone 's lie half - propped up against a tree ... it 's fitzgerald , bloody and barely alive , clutching he ruptured throat . lawrence and Dr. Lloyd fall to they knee peside he . fitzgerald try to speak , unintelligible . lawrence we be here , fitzgerald , we be here . can you help he , Doctor ? continued 54 . Doctor Lloyd press he hand over fitzgerald 's , try to stem the flow of blood pouring out between they finger . doctor lloyd his ... he throat 's tear open . he 's lose so much blood ... th 4 @ '' fitzgerald gurgle urgently at lawrence , bring up he hand , in a fist , try to give lawrence something . lawrence be not there anything we can do ? Dr. Lloyd sadly shake he head . fitzgerald make a last attempt to speak , blood bubbling from he lip . his eye roll up . with a final , rattling gasp , he slump . ext . the moor -- night one hunter slam the ground , hold he bloody face as ... he 's dragge away , he foot catch in he horse 's stirrup . nearby strickland turn he horse , hearing the SOUND of that man' scream travel out there in the fog . gunshot echo . someone else be yelling , follow by the werewolf's roar ! strickland 's unnerve , look all direction ... not far away , the grouping of stone monolith be vaguely silhouett . strickland ride there . amongst the monolith strickland ride to the center of the ancient , ceremonial circle . the werewolf's roar near . the figure of the werewolf materialize , moving quickly , outside the circle . strickland shoot between the monolith , target the elusive beast , till the revolver 's empty . strickland leap down from he horse , pull he rifle and ammo bag from the saddle . he slap he horse 's flank , send the horse run . strickland shoulder the rifle ... he turn , peer down the sight ; keep turn and aim , frantically try to cover all possible entry point . from behind : the shape of werewolf appear , charging straight at the oblivious strickland ... strickland be thrown , flail -- smashing with bone - crush force against one of the immutable monolith ! he crumple limply to the ground . certainly dead . across the moor in the quagmire : the more col . montford struggle , the deeper he sink . he 's in nearly up to he waist in the grasp muck , terror and exhaustion take they toll . colonel montford help ! someone ! help I , please ! the only answer ... the werewolf's howl . montford give a sob . int . forest -- night Dr. Lloyd place he jacket over fitzgerald 's corpse . lawrence notice something peculiar , kneel . he take a piece of cloth from fitzgerald 's fist . lawrence stand , study the fray piece of cloth . we do not see yet what lawrence be look at , but lawrence be shaken , took at it in disbelief . doctor lloyd what be it ? lawrence ? lawrence close he hand on the cloth , he mind racing . doctor lloyd what 's wrong ? lawrence that night , Doctor ... the night constable nye be kill . you and Colonel montford leave Talbot Hall together with my father ... doctor lloyd yes , yes ... lawrence you ... you say , that when you all get back to the village , the constable be already dead ... doctor lloyd yes , he be . lawrence ( urgently ) tell I you be never apart from my father that night ! tell I that you be with he until the morning ! doctor lloyd no . no , we ... we have split up earlier , to cover more ground ... continued 5é. lawrence be mortify , chill by this revelation . doctor lloyd we do meet up again in the village , but as I would say , it be almost dawn by the time we all get there . what 's this about ? lawrence run to where they horse be tie ... he scramble up onto he horse , . riding away . doctor lloyd where be you go ?! on the moor , at the bog col . montford struggle in the mire . it 's hopeless . the werewolf be heard roaring . Col. montford pull he muddy pistol , try to turn he body , try to take aim . from the fog : the shape of the werewolf materialize . Col. montford point he gun , blubber . the werewolf's guttural , o.s. breathing be heard grow closer . Col. montford 's hand be shaking badly . he try to steady the gun in both hand , tear streaking down he dirty cheek . colonel montford no...no ...no ...no ...no ... the gun wobbles so wildly in he grip as to be useless . as the 0.s. werewolf growls , Col. montford decide ... colonel montford no , goddamn you ! no ! montford jam the gun in he mouth , frighten out of he mind , pull the trigger -- blam ! -- literally out of he mind as brain and gore explode out the back of he head . ext . talbot hall -- night lawrence ride pell - mell across the great lawn ... take he horse straight up the front stair of the mansion . int . talbot hall , grand hall -- night lawrence run in , distraught , at he wit 's end . lawrence Father ! he run halfway up the central stair to the landing . at the top of the stair , samson come to bark down at lawrence . lawrence father ! ! cont inued 57 . lawrence 's voice echoes , unanswer . samson 's barking . lawrence despair , look at the cloth he still hold ... it be a torn shirt pocket bear the unmistakable talbot family crest we have see Sir John wear many time . flashback / ext . talbot hall -- night as see before , Sir John address the three hunting partie , on horseback , gather on the great lawn . sir JOHN I have a feel you will learn what it be to pit yourself against a worthy adversary tonight . slow 200m in : on Sir John 's shirt pocket where , even partly obscure by he jacket , the crest be easily recognizable . back to scene -- in the grand hall lawrence close he fist around the tear pocket , allow he shock to be overtaken by rage 's and by determination . he bound back down the stair , stride towards the open front door , but stop , realize something . he turn , look up ... at samson , still barking . cur to : ext . talbot hall , rear garden -- moment later -- night lawrence , lantern in hand , have samson on a leash , let '' the dog lead he from the garden to the forest ; where we see lawrence and gwen follow Sir John the night before . on the forest trail lawrence pull out Sir John 's rip pocket , give samson a good sniff of it . samson bark , follow the scent into the foggy forest , quickly lead lawrence . they pass the eerie Talbot graveyard . ext . castle ruins -- night samson and lawrence enter this clear . the tower castle ruins appear menace in the ghostly mist . samson guide lawrence towards the ruin , head across a uneven field of fall stone . samson go to start barking at a large hole in the castle wall . lawrence pull samson 's leash , drag he back . he tie samson to a down tree , pet samson 's head . 58 . inside the castle ruins lawrence duck through the hole , warily enter a dank , moss - and - ivy - cover passageway . to the right , there 's a dead end of fall debris ; to the leave , a narrow stairwell . follow : lawrence move urgently down the twist and turn stairwell , lead with he lantern . in the castle catacomb lawrence exit the stair into a tunnel passageway with empty burial chamber in the wall . he hold he lantern down to examine footprint on the muddy floor . rat scurry . lawrence run , ignore the squealing rat which flee ahead and peer from the chamber . he approach a unlock , wringht iron gate across the passageway , push through . lawrence near the tunnel 's end , arrive at ... a massive , wooden door , reinforce by a metal slat . he marvel at the door 's six formidable lock and huge crossbar which can be drop and lock across to keep whatever in . he grasp the door handle , pulling ... it take tremendous effort to swing the door OPEN . inside the door lawrence enter a large , tomb-like vault . straight ahead , a metal chair stand amongst a pile of many heavy chain and shackle . the chain and even the chair itself be bolt into the stone wall behind . lawrence approach . the wall and floor around the chair be cover in countless deep scratch . claw mark . lawrence lift he lantern , look up ... more scratch on the low , stone ceiling . lawrence turn , look to the inside of the door . it 's cover in metal plating which be clawe and dented . lawrence cross to a far wall , examine ... a shrine of sort in a small alcove . melted wax on the alcove shelf show where candle have burnt down amongst wilted flowers under a frame photo bolt into the wall ... a photograph of the lovely gypsy woman , carmilla . ccut to : int . forest -- night i lawrence run full out , pistol hold , sprinting down the long forest trail back towards the -- suddenly , the werewolf leap out from the dark forest with @ roar -- slamming into lawrence with violent ferocity ! continued 59 . lawrence hit the ground , tumbling ... the werewolf roll off , springing agilely mid-roll ... landing crouch , half -hidden in the foliage . 1 lawrence struggle to recover , in great pain as he clutches he leave arm which bleed profusely through he clawe OPEN sleeve . he look up to see ... the werewolf rise to full height so we finally lay eye upon he : truly half - man / half -wolf , bipedal , cover in dense , dark fur with much grey fur on he face . he wear Sir John 's pant and tatter shirt . his clawe hand , jowl and heaving chest be matte with fresh blood . Sir John 's feature be recognizable in the werewolf 's frightful visage , especially in the eye ; but there be no humanity there . the werewolf be a animal . the werewolf let out a ear-splitt roar , fang bare ! lawrence look to he right ... where he pistol lie not far away . lawrence dive towards the gun , reach ... the werewolf cross the distance instantly ... smashing into lawrence , claw digging in ; teeth sinking into : lawrence 's shoulder as lawrence cry out ! the werewolf throws lawrence ... - lawrence land , stunne , he clothing further shredd , with deep , bloody laceration beneath . lawrence try to rise , crawl , try not to black out . the werewolf come to stomp one claw foot down on lawrence 's back , force he to the ground ! the werewolf crouch over lawrence , howling victoriously , raise one claw hand , about to strike the kill blow ... a rifle shot be heard -- a bullet exploding into a tree behind ! the werewolf spin , he attention capture . across the forest , Doctor Lloyd walk forward , aim he smoking rifle , he horse in the fog behind he . doctor lloyd lawrence ! as the werewolf start bound towards Doctor Lloyd ... lawrence manage to lift he head , try to focus . lawrence Doctor , no ... run ...! 60 . lawrence's Pov the werewolf 's storming across the forest . Doctor Lloyd fire again . as the werewolf leap to attack Dr. Lloyd everything spin as lawrence be blacking out ... fade to black we hear dr . loyyyd scream . then , thunder rumbling ... fade in : flashback / int . talbot house , bedroom -- night lightning flash . Young lawrence , 10 , sit up in he bed look fearfully to the darkness . int . talbot house , hallway -- night with the STORM heard raging outside , Young lawrence peer out into the hallway . a anguished howl be heard , but it 's lose in the SOUND of thunder . be it imagine ? Young lawrence start tentatively down the long , dark hall . lightning illuminate many big game , animal head trophies mount one - after - another : TIGER ... elephant ... lion ... Young lawrence walk , try to ignore the freakish tableau . down the hall Young lawrence slow , look ahead to ... a door ajar . liquid pool out from beneath , like black molass . Young lawrence move to push the door OPEN ... in this master bedroom a dark shape be hunch over , cradling the figure of a woman . young lawrence Father ... ? the dark shape turn . lightning flash across the bloody face of the werewolf ! it 's Sir John , fully transformed into the werewolf [ without any grey fur ] , roaring ! the cradle woman' head fall back limply . it 's lawrence 's mother ; she throat torn out , blood flowing to the floor . the werewolf drop she , turn towards lawrence . Young lawrence stumble back in horror ... falling back against he brother , Benjamin , 12 , arrive in the doorway . Benjamin , likewise terrify , raise a pistol to the room -- fire a booming shot ! continued 61 . the werewolf 's hit in the side , throw back , yelping ! as Benjamin adjust he aim through the doorway ... the werewolf 's already flying across the darkness -- smashing through a window -- go into the stormy night ! we look straight down : upon Benjamin and lawrence 's mother lie in a pool of blood as the room begin spiraling ... fade to black man' voice ( 0.s. ) mister Talbot ? wake up , sir ... close on : water be thrown in lawrence 's face , cause he to gasp awake . he 's groggy , disorient . man' voice ( 0.s. ) afternoon , mister Talbot . we will have you awake finally , if you please . angry shout and exaltation echo from elsewhere . as lawrence try to regain he sense , we reveal ... int . cell , insane asylum -- night lawrence be in a small , filthy asylum cell , seat in a wooden wheelchair . he 's shirtless , with all the bruise , raw , werewolf - inflicted wound across he arm , shoulder and chest sewn up in heavy twine stitch . lawrence panic . lawrence what ... what be this ...? he struggle , he arm and legs bound to the chair . bearded , bespectacle doctor hendrick , in a dirty lab coat watch . a creepy guard stand hold the water bucket . lawrence what the hell be this !? doctor hendrick calm yourself , mister Talbot , or I will be force to put you back under . lawrence realize he 's unable to break free , helpless . doctor hendrick my name be Doctor hendrick . you have be commit to the lambeth asylum , | London . not you first visit with t we , apparently . continued i 62 . lawrence no . that 's ... that 's not possible ... this be not happen ! doctor hendrick let 's please try not to upset ourselves . you be here for you own good , after all . ( to creepy guard ) bring he . in the asylum corridor creepy Guard push lawrence in the squeaky wheelchair as Doctor hendrick walk alongside . they pass other inmate ' cell . lawrence be in a state of numb , horrify disbelief . doctor hendrick you try to kill yourself . you father bring you to we . you be gravely injure , not just physically , but mentally as well . we have have to keep you heavily sedate , lest you tear loose you stitches again . lawrence how long have I be here ? doctor hendrick a fortnight now . spend ranting . raving . you be severely delusional . lawrence glimpsis inmate in they cell : filthy , half - naked men , crying , spout gibberish and / or gesticulate wildly . doctor hendrick you father be a werewolf , you say . you believe you wound be not self - inflicted , but cause when he attack you in he ... animalistic state . you also claim you father murder you mother . do you remember any of this ? lawrence ( grimly ) I remember . I remember everything . int . lambeth asylum , hendrick's office -- night lawrence be wheeled in . Sir John stand look up at yellow chart of human anatomy which cover the wall of this cluttere , disorganize office . lawrence strain in angry frustration against he binding . cont inued 63. doctor hendrick Sir John . sir JOHN Doctor . would it be possible for I to visit privately with my son ? doctor hendrick I suppose , so long as you be careful . creepy guard I will be right outside in the hallway , Sir , if he should become agitate . hendrick and creepy Guard go . Sir John look to lawrence . sir JOHN I try warn you . I tell you not to join the hunt . lawrence where 's gwen ? sir JOHN go . probably somewhere here in London . what do it matter ? lawrence Doctor Lloyd ? sir JOHN kill . save you , it seem . Dead along with strickland and Colonel montford . lawrence you kill they . sir JOHN apparently . though , only you and I know that . to everyone else , we and some peasant be the few survivor . lawrence you ... you kill mother . this trouble Sir John . he nod , solemnly remember . sir JOHN yes . yes . so long ago ... ( pause ) it 's like a vague memory of a nightmare . a nightmare that begin on a fateful African expedition . kenya , 1863 . where the hunter become the hunt . what manner of creature attack I , I do not know ... 64 . flashback / ext . african plain -- night by full moon light , with he camp in the distance , younger Sir John , rifle up , stalk through waist - deep grassland . a huge werewolf spring up from the bush Sir John wheel , firing ! -- too late as the fearsome , werewolf be already upon he , screeching ! back to scene -- asylum office sir JOHN I barely fight the thing off , but not before I be bitten . so when I return to blackmoor and my family , to recover from my wound ... I have no idea a demon slumber inside I . in my very blood . flashback / ext . talbot hall , master bedroom -- night the bloody - face werewolf that Sir John have become drop mother' body , turn towards Young lawrence in the doorway . back to scene -- asylum office Sir John be truly remorseful . sir JOHN at the time , I be fully prepare to take my own life . how could I not , after what I have do ? except ... it be not I . ( look to lawrence ) when the transformation come , I cease to exist . I have no control over the beast ... nor recollection of its action , afterwards . I be as much a witness to the tragedy of you mother 's death as you be . lawrence be that what you tell yourself ? sir JOHN believe what you want . I mourn she every day . ( look around ) i as for this place ... I bring you here then , to heal you break mind . it 's where you build what memory of i she death you sanity could accept . | ( pause ) meanwhile , I persuade you brother to aid I . so that before the next | full moon ... I ( more ) i continued sir JOHN ( cont . ) he and I have labor to create such a prison that could , contain the werewolf . flashback / int . castle ruins , vault -- night younger Sir John , shirtless , be seat in the metal chair we see earlier . he 's shackle and chained , sweat , wait back to scene -- asylum office | sir JOHN every month since , I have imprison myself . flashback / int . castle ruins , vault -~ night Young Sir John be chained down , in mid - transformation ! he 's scream in pain , fur growing across he quaking body as he struggle to break free of the tangle of chain ! back to scene -- asylum office sir JOHN once each month at least , and twice in that month , we soon discover , when a second moon on the cusp of the wax or wane be whole enough to overtake I . lawrence Ben know , all this time . sir JOHN Benjamin have always be the one person in my life who remain steadfast by my side . together , we be able to carve out a life for I , despite my incurable affliction . we keep my bestial alter - ego at bay . lawrence until now . until carmilla . Sir John look to lawrence . lawrence I see the vault in the castle ruin . I see the shrine you make to she . it be never Benjamin who have the affair with the gypsy woman . it be you . sir JOHN yes . continued lawrence Ben be not himself once carmilla be jaile , because he know that you be the adulterer . that 's why he have be see argue with she ... why he visit she . he know carmilla carry you child . sir JOHN and look what the philistine do to she . her vile husband beat she bloody before bring she to strickland , and yet she be the one jaile . and for what crime ? Love . for love ! for that selfsame fail , I be expect to be bring forth and pillory . make a pariah ! for dare to know love yet one last time in my life ! lawrence except you let this happen when you refuse to come forward . sir JOHN untrue ! I do everything I could to free carmilla ... lawrence everything but accept responsibility ! sir JOHN if I come forward , they never would have let it end ! she give they a name , as I tell she to . the next night would have pass without incident . I would have make certain of that . she should have be release to leave with she tribe ! I be willing to lose she , if that 's what it take . against every emotion in my heart , I would have watch she walk out of my life , even carry my own child ! so long she be free ! ( fury grow ) you see . you see how the good villager of blackmoor hold they tongue while strickland parade carmilla before they ! after so many year of my protect every man , woman and child from the abomination inside I ! to what end ? so I should have to watch as they persecution drive she to she death ...!? lawrence you have ... you have go mad ... 66 . continued i | | | 67 . sir JOHN to hell with each and every one of they . let they mount whatever defense they can manage ... till either blackmoor be dead ... or I be . lawrence can not you see that it 's drive you mad ! sir JOHN you may be right . absolutely . but , what concern be it of yours anymore ? you have be bitten . you must know what that mean . lawrence do know , desolate , strain in he binding . sir JOHN it would have be God 's mercy if you be not discover alive , but you be . you survive . ( long pause ) there 's only one gesture of kindness I can show you now . Sir John produce a straight razor , show its blade . sir JOHN keep it hide . till a time come when you be alone and can use it . Sir John come to place the close razor in lawrence 's bound hand , so lawrence can palm it . sir JOHN farewell , son . farewell . Sir John walk towards the door . lawrence be demoralize , but take a deep breath , muster one last defiance . lawrence before you go , I want you to know ... I know now that you kill Ben . Sir John stop , keep he back to lawrence . lawrence he never would have help you unleash the werewolf . he would have fight you . and so you kill he , that very first night , do not you ? sir JOHN I could not have , could I ? since he go miss the day after . cont inued 68 . lawrence no . when gwen say he be still at Talbot Hall after the first murder , she be trust in what you tell everyone . but , she be in London . Ben have send she away . because he know what you be about to do ! Sir John still face away , betray nothing . sir JOHN Benjamin leave . he 's desert I , just as you desert I before he ... lawrence you probably do not even know till you find he in the morning , be not that so ...?! ( venting fury ) and where do you hide the body ?! where do you bury my brother ?!! the door slam OPEN as creepy Guard and Dr. hendrick enter . lawrence he give he whole life to you ; you loving , loyal son ... and you murder he ! you murdered he !! creepy Guard come to grab lawrence in a headlock . Dr. hendrick stab a hypodermic needle into lawrence 's neck lawrence 's hand spasm ... drop the razor to the floor . Dr. hendrick push the hypo 's plunger . as lawrence cry out , we zoom in : enter he pupil -- into pitch black ... nightmare montage begins / int . theater -- night from blackness : a gaslight lamp flicker to life , back - — lighting a stage - craft full moon within a familiar , paint stage backdrop of crooked tree and grim sky . lawrence step into frame , wear a straitjacket . lawrence to be or not to be . that be the question ! whether ' tis ... he overact , try to be heard over grow o.s. growling . lawrence whether 'tis nobler in the mind to suffer !! the sling and arrow of outrageous fortune ! continued shout over the still growing SOUND of monstrous snarling and gnashing , lawrence look out to see ... he stand before a s.r.o . audience make up entirely of all manner of male and female werewolve in fancy dress ; all of they ravenously consume dismember human remains . the werewolve tear into severe arm and legs , some fight over bloody entrail , while down the CENTER aisle walk the transformed sir JOHN ; fully a werewolf , in a fine suit , smoking a cigar and clapping he claw hand . sir JOHN werewolf bravo ! bravo ! my son , lady and gentleman ! my son ! the stage 's red curtain fall close behind lawrence as he back fearfully away , slip through the center slit ... on the other side of the curtain : lawrence find himself ... on the moor in a dense fog . lawrence walk , leave the curtain behind . old maleva' voice ( 0.s. ) even a man who be pure in heart and say he prayer by night ... there 's a huge shape slowly approach in the fog . old maleva' voice ( 0.8 . ) ++. May become a wolf when the wolfsbane bloom ... and the autumn moon be bright . Old maleva arrive on horseback , in full gypsy regalia . lawrence why be you here ? old maleva I pledge to seek you out , lawrence Talbot ... if the spirit give a answer to you question . from across the beyond , the answer come ... ( pause ) Benjamin be with you mother now . lawrence my mother ? old maleva they be together . lawrence my ... mother be dead . cont inued 70 . Old maleva guide she horse past lawrence , move on . old maleva perhaps you will join they soon . in a moment , she 's go in the the whiteness of the fog . dissolve to : in a padd asylum cell white wall be cover in old blood and worse . lawrence sleep , in he straitjacket , curl fetal , dreaming ... lawrence's dream -- werewolf's Pov we be running quickly through misty , gnarled forest ... in the cell lawrence roll , twitching . area of fur be beginning to crop up on he face . his vein throb . his grind teeth be become sharp fang . he 's partially transformed ! lawrence's dream -- werewolf's Pov running fast , from forest to the open moor ... in the cell lawrence roll back the other way , now return to normal . he continue stir , feverish . lawrence's dream -- werewolf's Pov running across the great lawn , to talbot house , where every window be fill with a bright , hellish red glow . dissolve to : in_a water tank lawrence plunge upside down into a glass tank of murky water ! his eye open , bulg , as he awaken , mortify . he 's in up to he waist , straitjacketed . lawrence squirm , leave under for a interminably long time . as he yell , spew bubble , he 's suddenly yanked upward ... in a asylum treatment room creepy Guard turn the wheel of a chain and pulley system which hoist lawrence , by he chained foot , up from the hydro - therapy tank . lawrence hang , gasping . cont inued 71 . lawrence's upside - down Pov : reveal other inmate in bizarre contraption ; one naked lunatic be strapped to a table , with incision on he body bleeding into groove in the tabletop ; another inmate , in a leather collar at the end of a pole hold by a doctor , be force to walk a crude treadmill . lawrence end up face - to-upside - down - face with Dr. hendrick . doctor hendrick ( to creepy Guard ) again . lawrence barely have time to react as creepy Guard kick the release on the pulley - system wheel , drop lawrence ... in the water tank lawrence splashes under ! he twist , desperately afraid . more endless second tick by , till he simply can not hold he breath any more . he 's blacking out , he eye roll back . dissolve to : lawrence's dream -- lawrence's Pov we walk down the familiar upstair hallway of the talbot mansion . where once be the big game , animal head trophies , now hang stuff and mount human head ... the discolor , gory head of fitzgerald ... constable NYE ... strickland ... doctor lloyd ... colonel montford ; each , with they name engrave on .a brass plaque beneath . further on , we approach the master bedroom door , hearing a woman' cry . the door open by itself ... in the master bedroom by oil lamp light , a werewolf attack a woman on the bed . it 's gwen on the bed , struggle , scream . the werewolf be on top of she , tearing at she clothing . gwen pound on the creature 's chest , try to fight he off , in tear . gwen no ... no ... lawrence , no ! the werewolf abruptly react , stop . we can see it now , in he eye -- it be lawrence . the werewolf turn , see himself in a huge , ornate mirror across the room ... in the mirror : it 's human lawrence reflect , sweaty , have force himself onto gwen who lie under he , weep . reflected - lawrence grab the lamp , enraged , throwing it -- shatter the mirror as the lamp explode into flame ! end montage / dissolve to : int . asylum , padd cell -- night lawrence lift he bedraggle head , regain consciousness . he be once again bound to he wheelchair . he 's barefoot , dress in a institutional shirt and pant . hendrick stand flanke by creepy Guard . doctor hendrick good evening , mister Talbot . against my better judgement , I have decide to allow a visitation . I hope it may have a calming influence . lawrence be groggily try to shake out the cobweb . doctor hendrick you will only have a moment . a young , pasty - face intern escort gwen in , wait by the door . gwen look at lawrence , hand to she mouth , anguish . gwen lawrence . lawrence gwen ? be it truly you ? gwen oh , lawrence ... I have be try for week to be allow to see you . be you alright ? what have they do ? ( to Dr. hendrick ) why be he tie down like this ?! doctor hendrick for he own safety , miss . lawrence it 's alright , gwen . you be ... you be with you family ? here in the city ? gwen yes . we be do everything we can . you father ... he bring you without tell anyone . you be hurt , nearly kill . he take you from Talbot Hall in the middle of the night . ( sorrowful pause ) I ... I think I might never find you again ... gwen reach to touch lawrence 's face . doctor hendrick no physical contact with the patient if you please , miss . continued 73. lawrence I ... I can not tell if you be a dream or if I be awake . I be sorry . tear roll down lawrence 's cheek . gwen we be go to get you out of here somehow . we will do whatever it take . we will go to doctor , solicitor ... lawrence no . it 's too late . it 's too late for I now . gwen what ... what be you talk about ? what happen ? what happen that night ? doctor hendrick that 's enough , miss conliffe . I can see this be a mistake ... Doctor hendrick nod and pasty intern step forward . lawrence listen to I , gwen . promise I . , do not ever go back there ... pasty intern begin pull gwen away . she 's distraught . lawrence : do not go back to blackmoor , whatever you do . swear to I that you will not ! gwen I ... I promise ... ( to pasty intern ) let go of I ! no! lawrence ! gwen 's look back as she 's pull away . gone. lawrence despair . Doctor hendrick 's angry . doctor hendrick calm influence indeed . ( look at he watch , to creepy Guard ) bring he . cur to : int . asylum , operating theater ~- night creepy Guard wheel lawrence to the center of the room , by a operating table , under central gas lamp . many empty chair be arrange in surround circle . continued | 74 , Doctor hendrick stand . two other doctor sit in the front row . doctor hendrick ( to lawrence ) my associate and I ... we have be quite eager for this night to arrive . we consider you a particularly fascinating case . lawrence ( bitterly ) I be flatter . creepy Guard walk back to the only door while sorting through the many keys on he keychain . he lock the door . doctor hendrick what you be suffer from be call " lycanthropy . " simply put , it 's the belief that you will be transformed into a wolf ... that you will take on certain physical characteristic of the wolf . there be legend of werewolfism as far back as Greek mythology , and beyond . across almost every culture , you will find some version of the " changle " delusion . Dr. hendrick pace . creepy Guard return to observe . doctor hendrick there be ancient , primal tribe whose warrior believe that consume the flesh of that they defeat would grant they they enemy strength . the norse berserker would adorn themselves in animal hide before each battle . in the medieval Ages , throughout Europe , thousand of person , even ten of thousand , be put to death as convict werewolve . ( pause ) we live in a more enlighten age . ( to 2 nd doctor ) Doctor , if you would not mind ... 2nd Doctor rise , crossing to a tall window . doctor hendrick we be here tonight , to illustrate conclusively that you fear be guite irrational . 2nd Doctor pull aside the curtain , revealing a view of the night sky and the high full moon shine brightly . cont inued realization strike lawrence like a thunderbolt . lawrence what ... what be you do ...? doctor hendrick we be simply go to remain in this room together , all night . and once you have witness that the full moon hold no sway over you ; that you remain a perfectly ordinary human be ... lawrence my God ... doctor hendrick you will have take you first small step down the long road to recovery . lawrence you can not do this ... you can not ! doctor hendrick lycanthropy be a disease of the mind exist somewhere in the deep recess of you thought . yes , to you , it seem very real ! lawrence it be real ! you have get to believe I ! . doctor hendrick you have suffer quite traumatic personal experience , mister Talbot , we be well aware . you hate you father . you mother commit suicide . therefore , you father must be to blame for she death ... lawrence be feed up , begin struggle violently , try pull he arm and leg free of the wheelchair ! doctor hendrick you witness you mother 's self mutilation ! you young mind , unable to accept it , create a fantastical truth ; that you father be literally a monster ! 75 . to lawrence be unable to free himself , sweat , breathing hard . doctor hendrick but , you father be not a werewolf . you be not bitten by a werewolf . ( more ) cont inued doctor hendrick ( cont . ) you will not become a werewolf anymore than ... than I will sprout wing and fly out that window ! 2nd and 3rd doctor , and especially creepy Guard , chuckle . ext . london cityscape -- night across the foggy CITY , at the house of parliament , majestic big BEN show 12:00 . the clocktower toll ... toll ... int . operating theater -- night Dr. hendrick sit beside the other doctor . ( big BEN can be heard faintly tolling midnight in the b.g . ) doctor hendrick tonight , we will sit and watch the evening pass uneventfully . lawrence tonight you will sit and watch I become a werewolf , and then I will kill you all ! please , listen ... sedate I ! lock I up ! kill I ! lawrence look down to see ... vein on the back of he hand throb ; tiny hair grow ! lawrence do something , anything , I be begging you ! you have to -- lawrence double over , suddenly in excruciate pain ! he jerk back in the wheel chair crying out ! lawrence it 's ... happening ...! Doctor hendrick and the other doctor watch , unimpress . doctor hendrick it 's you imagination , mister Talbot . all in you vivid imagination ! lawrence cry out , hyperventilate , trembling ... lawrence get ! out ! and the old - school transformation begin ... lawrence 's hand clench as heavy fur begin to sprout , impossibly quickly ! his fingertip split , growing claw ! lawrence 's feet endure a similar transformation , flesh rippling , thick fur sprout as if by magic ! claw grow ! continued 77 . Dr. hendrick and associate watch in stupefy terror . lawrence throw he head back , scream ! fur' growing out from he face and jowl while he teeth become sharp fang ! creepy Guard 's slack - jaw , back to the door . lawrence 's face mutate into the lurid , monstrously lupine face of the wolfman ; he long scream become the raging , guttural roar of the wolfman ! doctor hendrick bloody Hell ! Dr. hendrick , 2nd Doctor and 3rd Doctor make a mad scramble for the door , where ... creepy Guard 's already beginning a desperate search through he overburdene keychain . the transmutation now complete , the wolfman struggle against the strap hold he to the wheelchair ! at the locked door , creepy Guard 's frantically try to find the key ! the three doctor be banging on the door , yelling , try to pull it open ! Dr. hendrick wrest the keychain from creepy Guard 's grasp . doctor hendrick give I that key , you imbecile ! the wolfman yank he arm and leg free , rise . 2nd Doctor see this , look up , across the room ... there 's a ladder build into the wall , lead to a skylight . 2nd Doctor run towards the ladder . wolfman react , enraged , throwing the wheelchair ... the wheelchair smashes 2nd Doctor against the wall ! he slump , trail a wide smear of blood . wolfman roar , head for the other . hendrick try one key in the door 's lock ... do not work creepy Guard see the wolfman come . 3rd doctor hurry , hendrick , hurry ! : creepy Guard gather he nerve , turn to face the wolfman , reach to take he heavy truncheon from he belt . with a yell of bravado , creepy Guard charge , the club raise ... the wolfman greet he with a swift and bloody backhanded swipe -- send creepy Guard cartwheeling ... creepy Guard topples the operating table ! continued : 78 . wolfman leap across the distance ... land on creepy Guard to begin tearing he apart ! at the door , Dr. hendrick insert another key ... doctor hendrick get it ! as he turn the key , it snap off in the lock . doctor hendrick oh boy . by the operating table ( which block we view of most of the gory carnage ) , the wolfman straighten , blood - soaked , have finish with creepy Guard . Dr. hendrick begin pounding the door 's small , circular window . 3rd Doctor look around , frantic , see ... the wolfman stalking towards they . in the hallway on the other side of the door : Dr. hendrick 's bloodied fist break the window ! hendrick press he face against the small hole , jag glass cut he finger . doctor hendrick help ! open this door ! oh , Lord , someone please open this -- Doctor hendrick be violently pulled away . ext . lambeth asylum -~ a instant later the full moon be reflected in one of the tall window high on the red brick exterior of lambeth asylum , and then ... the window splinter as Dr. hendrick be thrown out ! follow immediately by the wolfman leaping out ! in mid - AIR Dr. hendrick wail as he fall headlong for six stories , flail . behind , the wolfman fall lithely . below Dr. hendrick splatter onto the thame ' riverbank with the most disturbing sound of finality . the wolfman 's more favorable trajectory carry he ... splashing into the river ! cur to : int . london sewer -- night in this long , dark , underground tunnelway , with sludgy water flowing swiftly through , a man' heard whistling . a lanky ragpicker , in tatter suit and cap , make he way down the tunnel , carry a 7 - foot-long , wooden pole and a lantern . he 's wading in the putrid water , use he pole to poke at the garbage float and . accumulate on the narrow , rat - infest walkway to either side of he . ragpicker ( singing ) the man in the moon come down too soon and ask he way to norwich ! he go by the south and burnt he mouth with eat cold plum porridge ! ragpicker pull up a glove , examine then discard it . ragpicker ( singing ) " oh ... will you walk into my parlor ? " Said the spider to the fly , " it be the prettiest parlor that you ever do spy ! " he bring up a soaking boot with he stick . it 's worth take , so he shove it in the sack sling over he shoulder . ragpicker " you have only get to pop you head inside of the door , and you will see many curious thing you never see before , will you , will you walk in , pretty fly ? " from behind he , the wolfman 's howl echoes , distant . it give ragpicker pause : he wait , then continue , leery . ragpicker " my fine house be always open , " say the spider to the fly , " I be glad to have the company of all who go by ... " the wolfman 's howl be heard , very near . ragpicker spin to look back , aim he lantern . ragpicker ( quietly , afraid ) | " will you ... will you walk in , pretty ! fly ...? will you grant I one sweet kiss , dear , " say the spider to the : fly . " | down the tunnel : come slowly into view ... be the light of the lantern reflect in the wolfman 's two red eye . continued 80. ragpicker turn , fleeing down the tunnel ... follow : as he 's splashing through the muck , turning this way and that ... navigate the maze of tunnel , not look back . further on ragpicker stumble from one tunnel , enter into a main artery intersection . water' pouring in from everywhere . ragpicker ( uncertain ) which way ... which way ...?! the rat scurrying along the walkway be choose the large tunnel ; move the same direction as the water' increased flow . ragpicker follow they lead . down the tunnel ragpicker sloshes along , falling in the rush of water , regain he foot , keep he lantern aloft . he halt , crestfallen , shine the lantern ahead ... ragpicker lordie . all the rat be disappear through hole in the tunnel 's age brickwork , while beyond that ... the tunnel itself end at a outlet which be criss~ - cross by a latticework of metal bar , so that while the water' rushing out , for ragpicker it 's a dead end . ragpicker aim he lantern back up the tunnel , against the current . before long , the red eyed wolfman can be see creep into the light , snarling lowly . as ragpicker back away , we pull back : through the metal bar to ... outside the tunnel — — — ee at the sewer' outlet , we hear only the rush of the water cascading out into the thame along with the sound of the CITY as the murky water begin flowing red with blood . cur to : ext . thame river bank -~- night eee eee sank , ~~ night two uniform constable patrol a walkway along the Thames . across the river , massive smokestack disgorge black cloud to the sky . 1st constable carry a lantern , notice ... 1st constable hold on . what 's this here ...? he point out a wet area of railing and walkway where it look like someone 's climb out from the river . continued 81 . both constable follow the trail of splash water across the walkway to where lst constable kneel , indicate ... wet , clearly inhuman , clawe footprint leave by the wolfman . the constable share a look of bewilderment . they follow the wet footprint to stair lead up a wooded hillside . ext . public park -- moment later at the top of the stairway , lst and 2nd constable arrive , surveying the surround park . they walk , see ... something be out there in the open space of the lawn . still advance , 2nd constable take he billy club from he belt while 1st constable put he whistle to he lip . in the lantern light : the wolfman 's on he haunch , crouch forward . he turn , clutching a drip fistful of organ he 's pull from the pried - open chest cavity of a male corpse , let out a roar from he blood-d-pping maw ! 2nd constable what in God 's creation ...?! the wolfman rise , move towards the stupefy constable . lst constable start blowing he whistle ! the wolfman react immediately , throw he hand to he ear . he retreat from the high pitch whistling . across the park the wolfman run with a fast , lope gait ... headed for a wooded area ahead with bright light beyond . 1st and 2nd constable chase , blowing they whistle . ext . west end STREET -- moment later residential . well - dress pedestrian , mostly gentlemen escort they lady , be on the sidewalk . begging urchin child wheedle . coach cross . a large , multi - passenger omnibus be pull by a team of horse . from the border park , the wolfman leap from the treeline into the street , recoil in confusion at all the gas lamp light and activity . pedestrian react . women scream . the wolfman run directly into the path of the omnibus ... the horse rear up , spook , screeching ! the wolfman flee onward across the street . the horse bolt , charge forward , pick up speed ! 82 . on the omnibus the omnibus driver pull on the rein , to no avail . the horse be out of control , head for the sidewalk ... i on the sidewalk as everyone be flee all direction ... a wealthy man and woman be brutally run down ! on the STREET the omnibus ' horse veer back towards the street , but they be turn too sharply -- throwing the driver from he perch as the omnibus be tipping ... in the omnibus a dozen passengers all cry out as the omnibus overturn ! everyone's thrown ! breaking window rain glass shard ! on the STREET more panicked pedestrian scatter as ... the wolfman charge straight at one build , leaping ... the wolfman grab onto the the building 's brickface and begin swiftly scale the facade and window ledge . he 's . astonishingly agile , use he claw hand and feet to make quick work of the three stories . on the rooftop the wolfman pull himself up , traversing the rooftop be edge at a effortlessly - balanced sprint , jumping ... ... landing on all four on the neighbor , pitched roof . he quickly climb that roof to it 's peak , move fleet - footedly along the narrow peak till he once again jump ... ..-. traveling a impossible distance ... ...to the next rooftop , flee on without hesitation or mis - step . and so it go as he leap from build ... ...to build , with unerr animal physicality and instinct , against the backdrop of the great , sprawling , London metropolis . cur to : int . ballroom -- night i in this elegant ballroom , a masquerade ball take place . | about twenty-five couple dance to lovely music play by a string quartet . continued 83. other surround couple stand watch , sip champagne . everyone be in elaborate costume , musician include ; all wear fanciful animal mask . at long banquet table at one end of the room , servant clear dish leave from a feast . some couple still linger at the table , converse . it 's at the giant window over the dining table where -- the wolfman come crashing in ... the wolfman land in the middle of the dance reveller , grab one bird - masked man from behind and reach around with one hand to claw OPEN the man' throat ! blood fountain up as the roaring wolfman drop the victim . the wolfman start cut a bloody swatch of carnage —- attacking anyone and everyone within he grasp ! it 's pandemonium ! everyone scream ! music stop disharmoniously . men try to protect women , but ... the wolfman slashes at men and women alike with he razor - sharp claw -- ripping , gouging and mauling -- cut people up , blood spraying ! the wolfman spin , swiping at one woman , gut she ... she drop to she knee , she intestine slosh to the floor . everyone's fleeing away from the center , but ... people be fall , get trampled ! three brave costume men .rush forward ... a bull -masked man attack the wolfman , take a wild swing , but the wolfman grip the man 's arm while biting savagely near the shoulder -- tearing the man' arm off ! the wolfman discard the man and the arm as a TIGER -masked man charge ! the wolfman toss this man far ... Tiger - masked man land grotesquely in a twisted heap ! a gorilla -masked man jump on the wolfman from behind , but the wolfman immediately throws he off ! the man 's try to crawl away , but the wolfman 's on he , sinking he fang into the back of gorilla - masked man' head ! we can just hear the skull cracking over the man 's cry as blood pour out of the mask mouth and eye ! the bloody wolfman rise , spin to look for who 's next . a owl -masked man shove past other to throw one of the oil i lamp take from the banquet table ... | owl -masked man i look out ! the lamp smashes in front of the wolfman , flame spread ! the wolfman 's freak out , back away . continued i 84 . another lantern be hurtle ... it explode onto the floor ! the wolfman voice he fury , hold up he arm against the flame ! the wolfman retreat ... everyone scatter from he path as he vault over the banquet table and begin pull himself up the cascade curtain of the shattered window . High above , the wolfman cling to the curtain , kick off from the wall -- swinging out above the crimson-staine aftermath below -- hurtling himself out into the night ! cur to : ext . london STREET , east end -- night on a sparsely people STREET in a poor section , a few drunkard congregate outside a tavern . Wild dog wander . a drunk , young lady-of -the -evening , in a soile dress , stumble from the tavern , muttering under she breath . the Young Lady start down the sidewalk , none too steady . she 's pass a man walk the other way . young lady pardon , Sir ... spare a few bob ? as the man' brush by she ... young lady willing to make it worth you while , squire . what do you say ? ( watch he go ) snotty . Young Lady spit after he , walk on . she head down a dark alleyway . across the STREET , from a dark alcove : a man step into view . he 's handsome , dress in black , wear a tall , top hat and a envelop cloak reach almost to the ground . he grip a cane cap by a silver , horn devil' head handle with ruby eye . let 's call the man jack . Jack swiftly cross towards the alleyway . as he reach the opposite sidewalk , he tread upon a discard newspaper headline : " 2 nd ripper victim found ! " down the alley Light fog hang low . Young Lady 's meander along , mutter to herself , while ... Jack follow , cape flow , look to be certain no one else be around . Young Lady hear Jack 's footstep , look back ... cont inued 85 . she see Jack come . she walk faster , unnerve . Jack walk faster . Young Lady may be drunk , but she 's not stupid . she run . handsome Jack stride after , confident she will not escape . he 's sweat , excited , with a awful gleam in he eye . jack hand twist the devil-head top of he cane and unsheathes a long , glint knife blade . Young Lady 's run , deathly afraid , try to hike up she skirt so she can run faster . Jack 's close fast , when ... the wolfman drop from above ... slamming Young woman to the ground ! behind , Jack stop dead in he track , startle . Young Lady 's cry die quickly as the wolfman' digging he teeth into she throat , thrashing ! Jack witness , appal by the sight , sicken . at the mouth of the alleyway Jack sprint out from the alley , shove by two burly factory worker . the man curse he as he continue flee . Jack trip and fall ... splashing into a enormous puddle in the street , lose he hat . he scramble up and keep run as fast as he leg will carry he . cur to : ext . london overview -- night in the distance , on a high train trestle , we can see the wolfman make he way along the top of the angular , iron structure . a long train steam by in the other direction . cur to : int . walled enclosure -- night sound of exotic bird be heard . the wolfman pull himself up atop a tall wall , remain there , crouch , sniff at the night air . he drop down inside the wall . he 's enter a lush garden of sort , fill with exotic plant and tree . he move warily through , hunkere . the wolfman hesitantly approach a large , placid pond . he crouch at the water 's muddy edge , begin scoop water to he mouth , drink , ever watchful . continued 86 . as the wolfman drink , we pull back : beyond iron bar to reveal that this garden be actually a enclose zoo habitat which , accord to its sign hold a ... '' crocodylus niloticus ; Nile crocodile . " in the enclosure , wolfman continue sate he thirst at the pond 's edge , in a rare moment of quiet calm . he stop drink , lean forward to peer curiously into the water ... he 's transfix by he own reflection for a long moment . then , just as the reflection be break by ripples ... a enormous crocodile lunge up from the water , reach out he massive jaw to clamp down on the wolfman 's leg ! the crocodile perform a death roll , dragging the wolfman back with he into deeper water ! the wolfman 's yelping , claw and fight back ... he slashes at the crocodile , manage to extricate he tear , bloody leg from the croc 's craggy - toothe mouth . in the froth water , the two behemoth wrestle ! it 's a brutally violent , life - and - death struggle ! the crocodile slam the wolfman with he powerful tail ... the wolfman land at the water 's edge , daze . the hissing crocodile attack from behind ! the wolfman roll , barely . avoid the croc 's gnash jaw ! the crocodile twist , snap after the wolfman ... wolfman climb on the crocodile 's back , grip the croc 's head in both hand -- pulling with all he might ! kneel on the crocodile 's back , with the savage reptile thrashing beneath he , the wolfman 's pulling the crocodile 's head back further ... further still , until finally -- the crocodile 's spine be heard snapping grotesquely ! the croc go motionless . the wolfman release he grip . the wolfman rise , spend , staggering away from he defeat foe , bear bleeding wound from the encounter . the wolfman let out a long victory howl . from not far away , another howl answer . the wolfman turn , he eye widen . | he howl again . several howl reply . | ext . london zoo , wolf cage -- moment later ! the wolfman ( favor he now wounded leg ) arrive at a big , t circular cage which be home to five full - grow wolve . the | wolf pace , excited by wolfman 's presence , howling , yelping . | continued 87 . wolfman 's equally excited , circle , watch as the imprison wolf follow he every move . the wolfman vault over the spectator railing , get a grip on the cage 's metal bar . he press he face to the bar , puzzle over they , angrily rattling they . the wolfman start try to bend the bar ; pulling at they . the wolf pace back and forth , vocalize frantically . the wolfman keep try , use he inhuman strength -- beginning to bend the creak bar apart ! cur to : ext . london cemetery -- night in the middle of this vast , hilly cemetery , with tall gravemarkers , burial vault and eerie statuary for as far as the eye can see , there 's a SMALL group at work ... by lantern light , a greasy - face , shabbily - dress , middle - age graverobber and he four , young STREET urchin i accomplice ( artful - dodger - type ) , strain at rope tie { around a coffin they be hoist up from a exhume grave . : they manage to set the heavy coffin beside the open grave , prop it up on the dirt mound they have dig . graverobber that 's the way , lad . a little bit of effort lead to good thing , be not I always say ? ( smile he crooked smile ) now ... let 's see how good ! graverobber pull the coffin lid OPEN . he and the four urchin grin in at the corpse of the well - dress man . graverobber hello , mister Sir ! glad to meet you ! pleasure 's all ours ! graverobber and he urchin laugh , set to work , quickly and efficiently remove anything of value ; take ring from the man 's finger and cuff link from he cuff . extracting a watch fob and gold pocket watch while pluck button from the man 's shirt and suit . graverobber pries open the corpse 's mouth , lean close to look inside . the youngest urchin , blondenhaire and rosy - cheek , blondie , occupy himself remove the decease 's shoe . yet notice ... that the five 200 wolve silently arrive , we pull back : so we see what the graverob gang do not | take up position amongst the neighbor headstone . | cont inued i 86 . graverobber funny , be not it ; how this here go who would not have give we the time of day when he be alive ... ( hold up pocket watch ) be such a generous fellow dead ! graverobber laugh again , but the laugh catch in he throat as he spot one of the wolf . graverobber stand as the urchin all turn , look ... the wolf have they surround . graverobber alright , my lad ... let 's be calm about this ... nice and caim ... graverobber lick he lip , look to a shovel stick up from the dirt mound . meanwhile , the close wolf begin edging forward , growling menacingly . graverobber on the count of three ... run . graverobber slowly reach for the shovel , watch as that most aggressive wolf creep even closer ... graverobber 1 ... 2 ... 3 ... run ! the urchin scatter ! graverobber grab the shovel just as the first wolf leap at he ! graverobber swing the shovel , bashing the wolf aside ! the yelping wolf go tumble ! the four other wolf all run off ... follow the urchin in different direction . graverobber raise the shovel , prepare to swing again , but he 's lose he foot in the loose dirt ... he trip backwards over the coffin , coffin lid slamming as he fall down into the deep , dark grave ! in the grave : graverobber 's hurt , groan , try to rise . dirt fall in onto he as he 's look up ... just in time to see the coffin sliding ... graverobber bollock ! i the heavy coffin smashes down -- crushing graverobber ! across the graveyard ' several urchin run ... | cont inued zig - zagging through headstone . two of the wolf race after they ! elsewhere amongst the gravestone blondie , we favorite urchin , run for all he 's worth , still : hugging the dead man 's shoe to he chest . two ravenous wolf be right behind . blondie glance back , terrify . ahead , there be two vault close together . it 's a tight fit , but blondie disappear down the narrow space between they ... when the two wolf arrive side - by-side , they attempt to follow become a snarling fight over right of way . further on blondie duck down in the shadow of a massive gravemarker , press against the cold stone , hide . the snarl of the wolf be soon heard . blondie watch as , down the row of grave , the two wolf arrive , prowling . the wolf sniff at the ground , head blondie 's way . blondie notice for the first time that he 's still get the shoe . he swallow , decide . carefully try to make as little noise as possible , blondie throws one shoe ... the shoe's heard landing a few row down . the two wolf immediately raise they head . they rush off in the direction of the sound . blondie grin , relieved . he stand slowly , craning he neck to make sure the coast be clear . something wet start dripping down onto he shoulder . blondie notice , look at the droplet ... red droplet . blondie look straight up ... above , stand balanced atop of the huge gravemarker , be the wolfman leer down . he drop , let out a roar ! CUT to : ext . ST . paul' cathedral -- night amidst the boundless london cityscape ... the wolfman climb towards the peak of the spectacular dome of ST . paul' cathedral . the wolfman reach up at the full moon , howling loudly ... howling with a kind of disconsolate yearn . fade to black 90 . fade in : ext . build roof -- dawn a hard rain fall . on a high rooftop overlook the city , lawrence , in human form , lie face down , unconscious . he stir , awaken . he drag himself to he foot , hold he head in pain , notice the wound on he leg . he touch the wound , not fully understanding . lawrence look down at he tatter , blood-stain shirt and pant . he examine he hand and forearm , which be cover in scrape and laceration . there 's blood under he fingernails . now , realization begin to come to he . as lawrence turn to look out over the storm shroud CITY , the full weight of the lose evening crash down upon he . he fall to he knee , numbe by the horror of it , the rain wash over he . he break down ~- afraid , ashamed , enraged -- weeping into he hand . cur to : int . church -- morning the church be dark interior be meager in scale and adornment . : pews be empty . a elderly priest light candle near the entrance . lawrence enter , still in he wet , tear clothing , slowly walk up the CENTER aisle . . priest May I assist you , son ? lawrence I will only be a moment . priest be there something you need ? do you wish confession ? lawrence stop , stand in darkness , without turn . lawrence it 's a little late for that . lawrence continue . halfway up the aisle , he take a seat , kneel . pale light filter in through the stained glass window behind a large cross over the alter . all be quiet . lawrence put he hand together , lower he head . lawrence ( quietly ) I be not here to ask forgiveness . what thing I have do ... ( more ) continued 91 . lawrence ( cont . ) ( pause ) I do not even remember . I do know I will pay for they . I be damned . I be damned , and there will be a reckoning , soon enough . ( pause ) I ask one thing , though I have no right . I beg of you ... let I do what need to be do . give I the strength I be afraid I do not have . lawrence look up , hand still clasped . lawrence give I the courage to finish this . CuT to : int . conliffe house , upstair parlor -- morning in the parlor of this upper middle - class , 3 - story row home , gwen work mend clothing at a sewing machine . she 's weary from lack of sleep . gwen' father enter , a man of kindly appearance , wear a look of great worry . gwen' father gwen , dear . gwen yes , Father ? what 's wrong ? gwen' father you would ... better come . in the downstair entryway gwen walk down the stair to the front of the house , uncertain , follow by Father . gwen' mother , a stout , handsome woman , stand in the hallway , likewise worried . mother look to the front door . gwen follow she gaze ... a figure can be see through the doors translucent glass . gwen cross quickly , go to OPEN the front door ... on the porch , lawrence stand , desolate , soaking wet and shiver , hold himself against the cold . gwen can barely believe she eye , overcome by emotion . she take he hand , bring he inside , shutting the door . cur to : int . upstair parlor -- day FIRE in the fireplace . lawrence sit in a chair , wear clean , new clothing ( borrow from gwen 's father ) . cont inued 92 . he gaze into the flame . gwen stand at one window , j watch the rain . a large , mantel clock be heard ticking . oo lawrence finally ... when I awoke , it be with no real memory of last night . except , of bloodsh . a orgy of violence . ( pause ) the curse have be pass on from the father to the son . ( troubled pause ) and , there be one last thing . I be certain that Benjamin try to stop my father . ( hesitant ) I be just as certain that my father kill Benjamin . gwen 's bath in the day 's cold , pale light . lawrence I be so very sorry . gwen as you say it ... I know it 's true . I have know I need to begin mourn he . ( pause ) I just do not know if I can bring myself to accept it . gwen brushes away tear . lawrence stand . lawrence there be not much time . I have nowhere else to turn . gwen - what can I do ? lawrence if you can manage it , I need enough money to get a horse . gwen why ? where will you go ? lawrence do not answer . gwen realize . gwen no . you can not go back there . lawrence I have to . cont inued gwen you say yourself , he kill Ben ... kill so many other . he will kill you . lawrence he have already , gwen . he have . it will be a full moon again tonight . nlook at he hand ) even now , I feel it ... like a crawl beneath my skin ; a burn in my vein . I have till before midnight to get to blackmoor and to end my father 's life . and then ... ( pause ) then , I will do what it take to end the curse in I . gwen 's shaking she head , agonize . gwen there must be some other way ... { lawrence ' there be not . gwen there must be ! this ... this can not be happen ! lawrence I can not run , not from this . not this time . there 's no one else . it 's my turn to be the one to face responsibility . lawrence cross to gwen , he voice thick with emotion . lawrence nothing in heaven or on earth can change what 's happen , or what happen tonight . nothing can stop the moon . but , I would have give anything that we path might have cross in some other life . if we would have only have a chance somehow . lawrence take gwen 's hand in he . lawrence I confess ... there be a part of I praying that if I be able to avenge my brother , he may forgive my feeling for you . feeling I have fight so hard against , please believe I ... lawrence kiss gwen 's hand . her heart be break . continued 94 . lawrence forgive I .. let Benjamin forgive I . gwen take lawrence 's face in she hand , press she lip to he . they kiss gently , both cry . gwen ( quietly ) pray he will forgive we both . lawrence Goodbye , gwen . gwen no. please , do not go ... lawrence Goodbye be all we have leave ; all life ever have for you and I . ( whisper ) Goodbye . tearfully , they share one last kiss . ext . london STREET corner -- day gloomy skie . pedestrian everywhere . street be clogge with vehicle . lawrence , wear a coat , make he way down the crowded sidewalk , pass a young STREET hawker wave a newspaper with a photo of lawrence under the headline : " escaped mental patient ! brutal killing in the night ! " STREET hawker ( dron sale - pitch ) read it here . escape mental patient . escape mental patient . lawrence hide behind he jacket collar , move on , but then he halt . ahead , two police constable stroll this direction . lawrence quickly turn , hope he 's not be see , now face the Street Hawker . STREET hawker ( still dron ) escape mental patient . escape mental patient . Street Hawker do a startle double - take : look at lawrence , look to the newspaper , then back at lawrence . his voice take on a newfound urgency ... STREET hawker ( pointing at lawrence ) escape mental patient ! ( more ) continued 95 . STREET hawker ( cont . ) escape mental patient ! escape mental patient !! lawrence turn to hurry back the way he come ... come face - to-face with another police constable . policeman just one moment , mister ...! the policeman 's bring a whistle to he lip , put a hand on lawrence . lawrence grab the policeman 's arm , twisting , pull he forward , then shove he back ! the policeman go sprawling over Street Hawker 's newspaper display and stack of paper , but he 's blowing he whistle lawrence wheel to see ... the two constable reacting , running this way . lawrence charge straight at they . the lead constable 's raise he billy club , but lawrence lower he shoulder and dive into they -- knocking both constable to the ground ! lawrence roll , scramble to he foot . he run ... shove pedestrian ... toppling STREET vendor table ... he dart into the busy street ... disappear in the crowd . CUT to : ext . london outskirt -- later day raining hard . lawrence ride a horse at full gallop on a muddy roadway , leave london behind . int . conliffe house , upstair parlor -- day the clock' heard ticking . gwen sit at the sewing machine , eye bleary from cry . she just sit there , motionless , stare at the sewing machine for the longest time . dissolve to : ext . forest -- night raining . lawrence ride full out through a dark forest . int . conliffe house , sitting room -- night gwen 's mother and Father be seating in the sitting area . she pretend to occupy herself knitting . he pretend to be clean out he pipe over a pedestal ashtray . mother look over she knitting to watch Father absently poke a pipe cleaner into the pipe , he mind elsewhere . continued 96 . gwen' mother why do not you see how she 's do ? Father look over , toss the pipe aside , rise . in the upstair hallway gwen 's Father come up - the stair to a close door . gwen' father ( through door ) gwen ? in the parlor gwen 's Father knock , look in ... gwen' father gwen , dear , you mother and I ... the room 's empty . Father 's troubled , see ... the window's OPEN to the FIRE escape outside . ext . london outskirt -- intercut -- night a four horse coach speed away with london in the b.g. , on seemingly the same muddy roadway lawrence take . inside the coach -- in motion gwen fret , look out into the darkness . int conliffe house , sitting room -- night gwen 's Father be at the open window . as he step back , he notice a single bullet beside the sewing machine . int . conliffe house , parent bedroom -- moment later gwen 's Father rush in . he go to the bed , get on he hand and knee to reach under . he pull out a small , metal strongbox , flipping it open . it 's empty , except for a few bullet . inside gwen' coach -- in motion gwen take a pistol from she dress pocket , study it . cur to : ext . estate road -- night rain 's stop . lawrence halt he weary horse as they reach the crest of a hill , look across the distance to ... continued 97 . talbot house starkly silhouetted against the sky , with the full moon glow directly above . lawrence stare for a long , steely - eye moment . cur to : int . blackmoor forest -- night ! lawrence ride he horse quickly on a forest trail ... | arrive at the Talbot graveyard . at the gate , lawrence jump down . he walk in amongst the headstone . . mother 's ornate tomb beckon , touch by shaft of moonlight . inside the tomb the heavy door be slowly push inwards , inch by inch , till lawrence be able to squeeze through , enter . brush aside cobweb , lawrence sadly look upon mother 's stone sarcophagus , which rest on a pedestal . he step forward . there 's another coffin beyond mother 's ... a plain , wooden coffin on the floor . lawrence be fill with dread , kneel beside this coffin . he remove the lid , reacting to the smell of death . ' inside the coffin : a man' rotten corpse . almost three month old , alter by desiccation and decay . skeletal . its clothing be clawe , shredd , cover in old blood . lawrence Benjamin . lawrence swallow , tearful . he 's find he brother at last . he place a hand on the corpse 's chest . lawrence my brother . I be sorry . I leave you ... abandon you to he . I have regret it for so long now . forgive I . forgive I , that this be we reunion . ( agonize ) how can it be that I never meet the i man you become ? how could I have let i that happen ? : he stand , look down at Benjamin 's corpse . lawrence Rest in peace . know that what I do tonight , I do in you name . after a moment , lawrence bend ... cont inued oy 98 . take the revolver from Benjamin 's holster . cur to : ext . talbot house , great lawn -- night lawrence ride at full gallop towards the mansion . at talbot house in one window : sir john' silhouette can be see as he 's look out , till he let the curtain fail close . int . talbot house , grand hall -- night so eee ae shove the front door OPEN , lawrence stride in , throw off he coat . he 's clutching Ben 's revolver , crossing into the Grand Hall with its walis of painting , crest , tapestries , weapon , trophies ; Talbot history . across the room , Sir John be seat in a chair by the massive FIRE in the fireplace . he hold a bottle of scotch . : the room be light by candle hold in candelabra . j sir JOHN well , well ! a unexpected visitor ! you be cut this awfully close , be not you ...? Sir John gesture behind he ... where the large grandfather clock show : 11:45 . sir JOHN Fifteen more minute , and you and I will not be ourselves anymore . or be that it ; have you come to join you father for a night out on the town ? lawrence arrive , gather he nerve , point the gun . lawrence stand up . sir JOHN I would have kendall attend to you , but he 's fle . take my goddamn dog with he , the bastard . have a drink ? i Sir John drink from he bottle . lawrence stand up , Sir ! sir JOHN as you wish . Sir John rise , impose as ever . continued i 99 . he 's well dress , but more dishevel than usual , unshaven . there 's no sense of drunkenness , but the man , like he manor , be deteriorate . sir JOHN calm yourself . you be the one with the weapon , after all . I could have armed myself if I would want ... shot you down the moment you walk in . lawrence why do not you ? sir JOHN ( shrug ) call I sentimental . you come all this way ... you deserve a sport chance . Sir John walk as he talk . lawrence keep the gun train . sir JOHN you be not entirely unexpected . the asylum send word of you " escape , " though account varied wildly , as you might imagine . lawrence I find Benjamin . I finally find he where you leave he . this be he gun . this ... he bullet ... lawrence open the gun , take out one silver bullet . lawrence Silver . he load this weapon with silver bullet ... lawrence put the bullet back , close the gun . lawrence once he realize that there be no other way to stop you . ( hold up revolver ) i tell I again you do not kill he . deny it , while I hold the proof . Sir John look away , torture , guilt eat at he . sir JOHN the irony be ... we forge that bullet together , long ago . a last resort , we agree . one I be confident we would never need . ( angrily remorseful ) he put himself in harm 's way . ( more ) | cont inued sir JOHN -( cont . ) out on the moor , that night . I ... I never mean for he to die ! how should I have know he would side with they ? how be I to know he would turn against he own father !? lawrence because he be so mucn better a man than you . sir JOHN you will hear no argument from I . Sir John swig morosely from he bottle . lawrence you kill he with one hand , bury 100 . he with the other , and still manage somehow to remove yourself from blame . it be Ben 's fault , because he try to protect the villager . my fault you attack I , because I have be warn . mother die not at you hand , but at the hand of the beast . ( furious ) all of my life ... I think this family curse . but , you be the curse on we , Father ! all along , it be you . sir JOHN you come here to speak for Benjamin ... to avenge he ...? Sir John 's still pace . sir JOHN first , answer how you can even dare call he you brother ! or do you imagine a handful of letter across the year could make up for you betrayal ? because that 's what you leave be ... a betrayal ! it 's lawrence 's turn to face he wound guilt . sir JOHN you know full well how you wronge he ... how it be as if a part of himself be tear away when he find you go . he love you ! ( pause ) for that wound you inflicted upon he ... I admit could never have forgiven you . continued 101 . lawrence what of the wound you inflicted ? sir JOHN he may not have be able to bring himself to tell you what he truly think of you , but Ben and I ... we speak often of you cowardice . lawrence you need not remind I of my debt to he . I be here to repay some part of it tonight . lawrence look across to ... the grandfather clock . it 's 11:49 . lawrence as for cowardice ... it mean so little come from a man who , have tear out the throat of he beloved wife , have not the courage to end he own life . sir JOHN again , think what you will of I and the suffer that 's be my lot . I do not expect you to believe I , but I would have gladiy trade place with you mother if I could have ... lawrence easy to say . sir JOHN as it be , my death would have do nothing more than to orphan my son . lawrence and all the better for it we would have be ! or have you forget ...? you murder we ! one by one , you murder we all ! look around ! they be stand at the center of the Grand Hall . lawrence this be what remain of the family you speak of with such reverence . you trophy ... the sound of you own voice ... the ghost of you victim . that 's all you have leave ! everything else you destroy . ( bitterly ) all for carmilla . continued sir JOHN do not you speak she name . lawrence her own love be prove , beyond a doubt . she suffer endless humiliation , though she could have have she freedom merely by confess you name . but , she keep silent ... to protect you . out of love . lawrence keep the gun train on Sir John . lawrence you , meanwhile , keep a different silence . have weigh you feeling for she against you instinct for self - preservation . you would not dare risk you social stand or the precious honor of the Talbot name ! so , you abandon she to she husband 's tender mercy . and she take she life ... alone . heartbroken . Sir John drink , sink in grief . lawrence you be the end of she ... not strickland ... not the citizen of blackmoor ! you be she reason for live and she reason for die ! Sir John wheel , throwing he bottle ... it shatter against the wall ! sir JOHN no more ! I will hear no more ! lawrence for you to commit murder in she name and call it vengeance be a sick perversion of she memory . sir JOHN ( enraged ) then be do with I ! enough talk ! end it now ! that be a gun in you hand , be it not ?! oh , but first ... first let I inform you of one small detail . you see , before you come in ... I take the liberty of turn the clock back ten minute . zoom in : on the grandfather clock which now read , 11:50 . continued 102 . sir JOHN ( angry mock ) so ... the time you think you have in which to screw up you courage be go ! this , son , be you moment of truth ! lawrence be unnerve , uncertain . he look up as ... the blackmoor clocktower be heard tolling from the distance . Sir John step up , defiant , pound he chest . sir JOHN here be you chance to finally show you father what you be make of !! if you think you have it in you to pull the trigger , do it ! do it . lawrence grit he tooth , angry , terrify ... he 's leveling the revolver squarely at Sir John 's chest , but the gun trembles in he hand . with the far off clocktower tolling , all lawrence 's year of fear of and pent - up hatred for he father culminate in this decisive instant . lawrence when I first arrive ... you ask what difference my return to Talbot Hall could make . ( pause ) here be you answer ! lawrence pull the trigger ... the hammer fall , but nothing happens ! lawrence and Sir John be stunne . lawrence pull the trigger again ! nothing ! Sir John 's disbelief turn to rage as he knock the gun away -- punching ! lawrence be throw to the floor ! sir JOHN good God , you do it ! lawrence try to rise , but Sir John kick he down ! Sir John 's manic , seem almost proud . sir JOHN the grave 's damp must have get to the powder , but still ... a valiant effort ! I honestly do not think you have it in you ! lawrence be on he foot , let out a cry as ... he tackle Sir John ! they go crashing through the sit area , scatter the chair and side table . they fight in front of the roaring FIRE , trading blow . continued 104 . Sir John 's fist strike like sledgehammer ! lawrence manage to block one of he father 's swing , counter with a punch that send Sir John to the floor . Sir John wipe he bloody mouth as he 's rise . sir JOHN nicely do ! lawrence be immediately on Sir John , pin he , get both hand around Sir John 's neck lawrence put everything he 's get into tightening he strangle hold on he father 's windpipe ! Sir John struggle and just when it seem like lawrence have the upper hand ... just as Sir John 's have the life choke out of he ... Sir John start transforming ! his teeth lengthen and become florrid fang ! his redden face grow its grey-tinge fur while he hand sprout dense fur and lethal claw ! much to lawrence 's dismay , he 's now fight the brutally powerful grey -werewolf in mid - transformation ! grey — werewolf break lawrence 's grip , bring one leg up and kick -- send lawrence flipping backwards in the air ... lawrence thud to the floor across the room . grey - werewolf rise , the " change " complete . he look around , furious and disorient , as one might imagine . he announce himself with + a window rattling roar ! — lawrence cover he ear as he 's get to he foot . grey -werewolf turn , head for lawrence , nostril flaring saliva drip from he wick maw . lawrence go to a dusty suit of armor , take the long , deadly spear the pose knight be hold . as grey - werewolf advance , thirst for carnage , lawrence wield the spear . grey - werewolf do not seem to care or understand the spear , till lawrence ... slice into grey - werewolf 's arm ! grey - werewolf back off bloody . confused . lawrence keep swinging the spear , keep grey - werewolf at bay . lawrence maneuver over to grab a unlit oil lamp from a writing desk against the wall , throws the lamp ... the oil lamp shatter against grey - werewolf , soaking the fur of he arm , torso and beastly face with oil . undeterred , grey -werewolf advance ... lawrence be back up against the desk , trap . continued he raise the spear -- stabbing ... the spear pierce grey - werewolf below he leave collar bone ; the spearhead burst bloodily out grey - werewolf 's back ! grey -werewolf scream , staggered , clutching the spear . lawrence run over to the mount gun rack where many of Sir John 's pistol and rifle be display . he grab a large shotgun . across the room grey - werewolf grasp at the spear , but the spear 's flare , arrowhead - like point be impossible to pull out backwards . at the gun rack lawrence clutches the shotgun as he kneel before the low , long , wooden gun cabinet . he throw the cabinet door open , pull out a heavy wooden BOX . lawrence open the box . it 's fill with all kind of ammunition . he grab a BOX of shotgun shell , however ... the vein on the back of lawrence 's hand throb ! fur be start to grow ! it 's happen . transformation 's begin lawrence no ! lawrence look over he shoulder to where ... grey - werewolf still struggle to remove the spear . lawrence look over he other shoulder to ... the FIRE in the fireplace . across the room grey - werewolf fall to he knee , fall on the spear 's shaft , which drive it further into he body ! at the gun rack lawrence suck air , struggle against the irresistible force overtake he physiology . he slam the ammunition BOX shut , lift it as he stand , fight a wave of pain . fur be appear across lawrence 's face as he run .. he stumble to the fireplace , lift the close ammunition box and heaving it into the FIRE ! Mission accomplish . lawrence 's body contort involuntarily , take he to he knee . his transformation's proceeding in earnest . his body quake as he lupine alter -ego 's win out ! 106 . across the room grey -werewolf 's pull the spear towards he -- hand over hand -- feeding its entire length through he body till the bloody spear finally clatter to the floor behind he . grey -werewolf turn he attention back to lawrence ... except , lawrence be now the wolfman , roaring ! at the CENTER of the room grey -werewolf and the wolfman circle each other ... they be size one another up ... they both rush forward , grappling ... it 's a vicious , werewolf versus . werewolf battle royal ! they claw at each other , slashing , tooth gnashing ! grey -werewolf and the wolfman throw each other around the room ~- smashing into wall -- toppling bookshelves and bring painting and weaponry crashing down ! cur to : ext . blackmoor outskirt -- night blackmoor can be see in the distance as gwen 's coach speed along , head leave at the road' fork . cur to : int . talbot house , grand hall -- night ' the battle rage on as grey -werewolf lift up the grandfather clock and heave it ! the wolfman leap high , avoid the splintering clock ... he grab onto the huge , wooden chandelier above , swinging as the strain rope hold the chandelier creak . grey -werewolf run , jump ... climbing straight up a vast tapestry . he jump again ... digging he claw into the roof beam , climb towards the center of the room , above the chandelier . in the fireplace : the ammo box shift , engulf in flame . above , the wolfman swing himself up ... land stand astride the still wildly careening chandelier . he roar to the ceiling as ... grey-werewolf drop , attack ... colliding with the wolfman , pull they both down ! below , grey - werewolf and the wolfman tumble down the central staircase , fight all the way ... they hit the floor , send sprawling ! continued 107 . as the wolfman rise , grey - werewolf leap onto he from j behind , grab on and , sinking he teeth into wolfman 's : shoulder ! wolfman howl ! : { grey -werewolf hang on relentlessly , biting deeply , while wolfman 's clawing back at he , try frenziedly to throw he off , and it 's just then that ... in the fireplace : the burn ammo box explode ! the massive explosion throw a huge fireball -- shoot whistling bullet and pellet in every direction at once ! the blast send the wolfman and grey - werewolf flying in a shock - wave of burn debris and sizzling bullet ! window be shatter ! the wolfman slam into one wall , landing in a heap , he body bear many smoldering bullet wound . grey -werewolf 's fall by the stair , rise up and scream as half he body be burning ! the lamp oil that soak he fur be now ablaze ! grey - werewolf writhes , spastically try to shake off the flame , which only make it worse . he flee headlong into the hallway under the staircase ... ext . talbot house , rear garden -- moment later -- night — ee ser garden 7 moment later ~~ night the half - burning figure of grey - werewolf come smashing out through the window of the conservatory ! grey -werewolf go rolling down through the hillside garden , still burning as he 's tumbling out of control ! int . grand hall -- night the wolfman rise slowly . fiery ember rain down . everywhere , curtain , rug and tapestries be ablaze . the explosion have doom Talbot Hall . ext . rear garden -- moment later -- night the wolfman leap out the jag hole in the conservatory window . he land in the garden , search warily . he head for the forest . cur to : int . gwen' coach -- in motion -- night i gwen look out the coach window , horrify upon see ... in the distance : talbot hall burn . cur to : i 108 . ext . forest / castle ruins -- night the wolfman enter the clear preside over by the loom castle ruins . he search , sniffing the air , watchful . as he near the ruin , a huge stone come smashing down -— - barely miss he -- imbed into the ground ! the wolfman look up to where ... grey -werewolf stand atop a high , corner tower , hurling another huge stone down ! the wolfman dodge the deadly projectile , run and leap ... he start quickly scaling the tower . above , grey - werewolf 's terribly wounded ; upper torso , arm and half he face sickeningly burned ; the fur burned off . he yell down , kicking loose a section of the battlement ... the wolfman scramble aside to avoid the fall stone . cur to : ext . talbot house -- night as the coach arrive , gwen leap out . she and the Driver look on in awe as smoke and flame pour from the mansion be break window and open front door . gwen run to the stair , past where lawrence 's horse be tie . int . talbot house , grand hall -- night gwen enter , surround by flame . she cover she mouth and nose , take in the heat - warpe scene of destruction . FIRE spread irrevocably , consume everything . gwen ( call out ) lawrence ! lawrence ! close - on : the beautiful portrait of lawrence's mother as it 's burning . flame hungrily devour ancient paint . mother' face blister ... she image disappear into ash . gwen look straight up , retreate as . above , the rope hold the chandelier burn , fraying . gwen flee into the entry parlor , not look back as the chandelier crash thunderously down behind she ! ext . talbot hall - -- night gwen run down the front stair , call ... gwen where be you , lawrence ?! continued 109 . a far off howling be heard . gwen turn , listen intently another roaring cry come from the distance . gwen run to lawrence 's horse , untying it and climb up . she ride off to follow the werewolf 's ululation . cur to : . ext . castle ruin -- night eel , just as the wolfman climb atop the corner tower , grey -werewolf make a spectacular leap ... grabbing onto the curve , outer wall of the larger , neighbor tower ; the castle keep . grey - werewolf climb . behind , the wolfman jump after ... actually leaping into one of the gape hole in the side of the keep ; climb the expose spiral staircase inside ... at the top of the keep the wolfman and grey - werewolf arrive simultaneously in the remain of this large , circular , roofless room at the high point of the ruin . they square off , both let loose nightmarish cry of rage ! but , neither be go back down , of course , and so the pitch battle be rejoined ... they start ripping into each other ... slashing and counter-slashing , unrelentingly ... send blood spraying up into the night air grey -werewolf swing , but the wolfman catch the blow and bite a chunk out of grey - werewolf 's forearm ! grey -werewolf spin , bashing the wolfman back ... wolfman slam against a wall which immediately fall away , expose the precipitous drop beyond . then , the whole tower' shaking ... below : fissure begin spider - webbing across the tower 's already fractured surface . the wolfman and grey - werewolf continue they animalistic danse macabre , trading lacerating strike , the both of they cover in countless crimson slashes and gouge . suddenly , a rumble be heard , grow deafening as ... the floor literally fall out from under the wolfman and grey -werewolf ! the entire tower be crumbling down ! we lose sight of the wolfman and grey -werewolf in the avalanche of fall stone and rise dust ! on the forest trail follow : gwen riding quickly , hold she pistol , arrive ... be i ° at the ruins gwen ride into the clear , look to the dust cloud hang over the castle . as she urge she horse forward ... grey -werewolf rise into view , climb rubble to the stand atop a low section of break rampart wall ; he 's carry the unconscious wolfman over he head in both hand ! gwen be aghast . grey -werewolf howl to the sky , throw wolfman 's motionless body to the forest floor below . grey -werewolf leap down ... move to where the wolfman lie unconscious . gwen no ! gwen struggle to control she rear horse , take aim -- firing she pistol repeatedly ! bullet strike around grey -werewolf ! he 's hit in the arm , blood splatter ! he turn to face gwen , snarling ! gwen keep fire , but she gun be go empty . she yank on she rein , riding away ... grey - werewolf angrily give chase . further up the forest trail gwen ride full out , glance back ... from the darkness , grey - werewolf be close the distance . ext . forest / waterfall -- night just as gwen race into the waterfall clearing ... grey - werewolf jump onto she horse 's rear haunches ... dragging the screeching horse down ! gwen be thrown to the dirt ... grey - werewolf 's thrown , rolling . the wounded horse clamor to it 's foot , flee . gwen recover , run towards the cliff and roaring waterfall ahead . grey - werewolf pursue . grey-werewolf leap forward ... take gwen to the ground ! gwen scream , try crawl away , but the gory grey - werewolf be astride she , hold she . he 's bent over she , touching she dress , almost gently , as if toy with she ... his claw tearing the fabric . cont inued lll . gwen keep crying out as grey - werewolf lean he monstrous , burn visage very close to she face , breathe and drool ; onto she as he study she , sniffing . he bring one hairy { hand to she face , he claw faintly brush she cheek . grey -werewolf rear up , keep a grip on gwen , roaring ! another roar answer ! as grey - werewolf wheel ... the wolfman arrive at full speed , slamming grey -werewolf , ' knocking he off of gwen ... the wolfman land on top of grey -werewolf , begin pounding on he ~-- roaring with rage ! the stunne grey - werewolf still keep fight ; struggle even as the wolfman lean in and open he fange mouth wide -- go for grey - werewolf 's throat ... the wolfman pull himself closer ... ever closer , till finally he sink he teeth in -- ripping grey - werewolf's throat out ! gwen 's on she foot , back away . the wolfman rise , drench in blood , look down as grey -~ werewolf die . the wolfman let out a sustained howling cry . grey - werewolf , lie dead , transform back into sir JOHN . gwen turn , look for a escape . : too late as ... the wolfman look to she , move towards she ... gwen 's trap as the wolfman begin circle . gwen no , lawrence ... it 's I . it 's gwen ! the wolfman circle , never take he burn eye off she . gwen turn so she 's always face he , plead . gwen lawrence , please . do not do this ! look at I ! you ... you know who I be ! you know I ! the wolfman snarl , regard she as easy prey . gwen '' this be not what you be ! you i father do this ! you be lawrence Talbot ! there must be some part of you leave ! please ... hear I ...! the wolfman begin stalking towards she . gwen 's crying . | gwen remember what you say to today ... ( more ) cont inued gwen ( cont . ) if goodbye be truly all we have ... this be mine . know , that I have feeling for you , lawrence . remember that I love you ... I love you too ! close -on : gwen reflected in the wolfman 's narrowing eye ... just as there seem to come some glimmer of recognition . for a moment , the wolfman 's ghastly feature soften as he regards gwen ... like perhaps the man trap inside the beast have somehow resurface ...? the wolfman edge closer , not threateningly , but with a kind of curicsity . gwen recognize the moment . gwen lawrence ? suddenly , the wolfman rear back , howling , arm extend , claw clutching -- a lament , torture howl . gwen recoil , cover she ear , stumbling back ... she fall to the ground . the wolfman charge at gwen ... gwen scream as he be upon she ! the wolfman leap over gwen , run across the clear , move straight for the cliff edge . gwen turn to look ... realize ... gwen no ! at the cliff overlook the waterfall , the wolfman leap out into mid - AIR ... falling into the chasm ... plummeting a great distance ... below the wolfman smashes into the jag cliffside ... flipping again and again as he ... fall ... ever downward ... his body be bashed and brutalize , limb ravaged ... bone breaking , consciousness go , till at last .. the wolfman splashes into the river basin at the base of the waterfall ! he 's immediately go from sight below the churning water . he do not resurface . 113 . above gwen stagger to the cliff 's edge , look down , she hand over she mouth . she let out a echoing cry ! she kneel , hang she head , bereft , sobbing . the full moon shine down through the treetop . dissolve to : ext . forest riverbank -- dawn bird sing . on the dawn -kiss bank of the river , down - stream from the roaring waterfall feed it , we find ... lawrence's corpse , batter and break . human again . lying there , with he eye close , half - in the river while the shore 's gently undulate water caress he hair and placid face , lawrence look almost at peace . fade to black fade in : ext . english coastline -- overview -- day above the cliff of a section of English coastline , with the ocean pound rocky shore below , we find the relocate gypsy encampment . male and female tribe member go about they daily life amongst the settlement 's tent and wagon . in the encampment at the cliff edge , the ancient , fortune - teller , Old maleva , peer out across the endless ocean . she turn , head back through the camp . in one tent Old maleva enter . a baby can be heard crying . three young gypsy nurse -maid be crowded around a veile , infant's crib . as they see olid maleva approach , they step away . Old maleva come to part the crib 's veil , reach in to gently pick up the cry baby , a dark - haire boy , mere month old , wrap in blanket . his eye be GREEN . sullen , sallow - face bela enter . Old maleva go to sit , cradling the child lovingly . bela walk to stand at Old maleva 's side . Old maleva begin recite a sing - song a incantation in a whisper , incomprehensible tongue , gently rock the now quieting child back and forth in she arm . dissolve to : ext . blackmoor field -- day where the gypsy encampment once stand in blackmoor ; where all that be leave be the three unmark gravestone . .. we pan down : into the very earth ... into carmilla's grave ... where we be able to look upon the rotted , withere face of carmilla's enshrouded corpse inside she wood coffin , and we can see the wide , dry - brown blood stain leave from the long , still gape incision that be CUT into her womb . the end