the town by Peter Craig base on Prince of theives revision by Chuck hogan current revision by Ben affleck & Aaron stockard 1.5.09 name ( of company , if applicable ) address phone number int . kenmore square sovereign bank —- early morning we be inside a bank in the morning hour , just before it open . we hear the voice of people as they approach . a spear of daylight precede a woman 's hand . key turn in reinforce lock , release strongbar . a woman , claire ( 30 ) the bank manager and a man , david , ( 37 ) the assistant manager , enter , talk casually . the bandit move with jarring speed and violence . they wear black jumpsuit , hold assault rifle and wear Halloween mask . the first bandit , doug ( 35 ) grab claire by the arm and lead she toward the back . the second , jem ( 34 ) kick the coffee tray from David 's hand , stain the wall , then knock he to the floor with the butt of he AK - 47 rifle . Doug lead Claire down the short hall , take she keys and hand she off to gloansey ( 32 ) another thief , who push both employee to the floor behind the teller cage , and yank off there shoe . Doug pass the FOURTH , ( dez , 28 ) -- with a radio wire in he ear gloansy Close you eye . do not move . Doug aim he rifle at the David and Claire : doug where 's the vault key ? int . bank , vault door - moment later Doug stand behind Claire while jem hold bearn in front of the close vault . doug what 's the time lock set for ? claire nine when the bank open . doug if you be not tell the truth we be gonna kill you be friend . ( continued ) continued : the digital clock on the vault door read 8:17 . claire ... eight eighteen . doug when it hit , no panic code . open it clean . understand ? everything have go very fast to this point . now it move agonizingly slow - they watch it like three people wait for a elevator . 3 2 1 the timer clack ! Doug insert the vault key . Claire reach for the big dial with a tremble hand . she rotate it once , then overshoot the next number . jem now you be stalling . jem have he gun point at bearn 's head . Claire make a mistake and the tumblers reset . jem ( cont 'd ) ( be : bearn ) do you like this lefty ? ' Cause I be gonna drop he like a hot rock . doug ( calmer ) how many attempt before a duress delay ? claire th-three . doug you want we here another fifteen minute ? Claire reach fast , but Doug grab she wrist , hold it steady : it look fragile in he glove hand . doug ( cont 'd ) breathe . once you start , do not stop . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) Claire reach for the dial -- begin work the number . after the third turn , there 's a clack . jem spin the wheel and the vault door open . int . sovereign bank , inside the vault - continuous Doug and jem collect cash . they rip the color-code band , fan each thick packet . Doug deftly remove each dye pack from each bundle . we jump cut and watch he to the same to the tracers . int . bank - continuous action as Doug emerge , dez halt he in the shadow , point . dez ATM . a student inside the ATM vestibule at front . Doug 's attention be pull to Claire , lie face - down behind the teller cage . her heel be slowly move Claire peek at gloansy , who be distract by the student . her foot presses a button under the counter -- then quickly glide back . Claire look the other way ... and see Doug 's mask staring at she . she 's catch . she 's dead . the Student finally give up , walk away from the ATM . Doug stare at terrify Claire . after a beat : doug we gotta go . jem bleach it up . gloansy pull zip cuff from he pocket . jem and dez pull jug of ultra clorox from the work bag . int . bank - continuous action bearn in a teller chair , wrist bound behind he back . gloansy be do the same to Claire as -- ( continued ) continued : dez hold it ! ( touch he ear ) Silent alarm , this address . jem who do it ? doug do not matter . let 's go . bearn look , no one do anything -- jem hit he with the rifle . then rain down a flurry of punch . his knuckle pound bearn 's temple . bearn slump to one side , but jem do not let up . he hammer at bearn 's defenseless face . Claire scream . jem rise , grab a bottle of bleach . move to empty it over bearn 's face . but Doug hook he arm , stop he . doug let 's go . load the bag . after hesitate , jem rise . Doug take the bleach , dowsing the teller station . he return to the teller station and bearn 's wheeze . Claire 's chair be empty . int . kenmore sovereign bank , rear door - continuous jem have Claire double over near the wait bag , she hand bound , he hand grip the back of she neck . doug fuck be this ? jem they get we wall in , we need she . doug leave she . but jem be already hustling she out , past the prius . Doug hate the idea but will not waste time argue . ext . back alley - continuous action gloansy pull up fast in the work van . Doug boost Claire into the van with she head keep down . int . van - continuous action Doug push she into the bench , sit next to she . doug eye shut , no noise . Doug pull out a small knife . he tug at she jacket hem , cutting off a strip of fabric -- make she flinch . the rest of the crew remove there mask . as the van lurch forward , he tie it around she head as a blindfold . he make a fist and drive it -- stopping just short of her nose . make sure she can not see . he sit back . studying she with impunity . as he stare at she we have a non - linear sequence where we flash back to Doug scout the bank job , observe Claire as she come and go from work -- but we hear a conversation between Claire and a FBI agent that take place after the robbery . ext . kenmore square sovereign bank - flashback Doug watch intently as Claire come to work in the morning . frawley ( v.o. ) I be assume they warn you not to cooperate with the police . claire ( v.o. ) one of they take my driver 's license and read it to I . Said he be keep it . ext . kenmore square sovereign bank - flashback Claire get off , sunset . she be quite beautiful but it be not that , there be something endear in she dignity , she poise . Doug watch from a cadillac sts . frawley ( v.o. ) do he say anything else ? int . FBI headquarters - work room - present in two chair set next to a table , Claire face FBI agent adam frawley , 36 , talented and intense . Claire 's leg be bare , she jacket go . her elimination print be be take by a male tech in blue ink . claire ' if you tell the FBI anything , we will come to you house and fuck you and kill you . 's the print tech look up before resume . frawley and then what ? claire then nothing . we just drive . frawley this be a passenger van ? claire I go ski in vermont at Christmas , and we rent a villager . I only remember because we call ourselves the villager people . it be like that . ( nothing ) yes . it be a passenger van . frawley and you never try to escape ? claire no. frawley they do not say anything else to you ? claire no . ( pause ) I do not try to escape because they have gun . frawley ( smile reassuringly ) I understand . ( beat ) then they let you go . ( continued ) continued : claire then they let I go . Claire notice she hand shiver and can not control it . frawley that 's the adrenaline get out of you system . its normal . he drape he jacket over she shoulder . claire why do they take we shoe ? frawley to keep you from run . or kick . do you see Mr. bearn activate the alarm ? claire ( beat ) no . frawley reach over , turn off he tape recorder . frawley when someone feel they life be in jeopardy it often have some residual effect . claire I have not even cry . frawley you can expect some burst of anxiety -- you will definitely cry . ( he smile ) if there 's anything you be victim 's witness specialist can not help with . he offer he card . claire what be the chance that you 'il catch they ? frawley we be go to do everything we can . claire they have assault rifle and my driver license . can you please not give I the dragnet answer ? ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) frawley we have some very strong profile for this subject . claire that 's the dragnet answer . he have to smile . like she , loosen up . frawley si frawley when a armed robbery call come into the Boston Police , the first thing they have do , for the last hundred year -- be close the charlestown bridge . ( gesture around ) there be four hundred bank robbery a year in Boston , more per capita , than anywhere in the world . the world . and one square mile generate ninety percent of the perpetrator : charlestown . people in the town have be hand it down like a trade - like glassblow - longer than you or I have be alive . I do not understand it but it do make it easier when you know what bridge to close . ( beat , smile ) do that help ? claire not really . frawley why be that ? claire I move to charlestown three month ago . ghs . let 's he head fall forward , a bit . bring it back up . frawley okay . aside from I , you be the last person this subject want to see . they do not want to see anyone who could link they to this . as such , you be probably the safest woman in the the town right now . ( hold she look ) ( more ) ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) frawley ( cont 'd ) but I will come check up on you which will make you completely radioactive to this people . claire thank you . dino ( pre - lap ) you take you time with she . int bank - manager' office - day a police photographer snap shot of fall ceiling concrete and a gaping hole in the ceiling . frawley walk through . frawley I be very thorough . Boston Police detective dino ciampa ( 5as ) , follow , grin . FBI agent work alongside local police officer from the bpd . dino and frawley be similarly partner . dino they run a Jack - in - the - box . worked a bypass and bust in overnight . int . teller cage - moment later technician scan the wall with blue lasers for print . frawley and dino hold handkerchief to they nose . dino bleached the entire place for DNA . they stop over the blood stain where the assistant manager fall . dino ( cont 'd ) Silent bell come from cage two . ( beat , so ... ) Assistant manager 's at Beth Israel . reveal a BOX of electronics savagely dismantled . dino ( cont 'd ) that be the Verizon line frawley take in the explode telephone wiring and then deadpan , ( like the Verizon commercial ) : ( continued ) 10 . continued : frawley can you hear I now ? dino we guy let the time lock expire and have the manager open sesame . frawley ( ruminate ) even a ten foot steel safe , only as strong as the guy with the key . the vault - moment later the bust cabinet be smear with fingerprint dust . frawley , examine discard stack of cash . hold up a bill with a thin magnetic tracer strip attach . frawley blew the dye pack . even find the tracers . dino good pick . Three and a quarter ? frawley 's blackberry go off . frawley Three and a half . ( look at berry ) get the van . torched . dino where be it ? frawley where do you think ? smash CUT to : title : '' charlestown . '' helicopter shot of charlestown . we see the water . the bridge , the project -- all frame the monument at the heart of the neighborhood like a sundial . the work van be incinerated and surround by cop 11 . ext . o’ neil memorial ice skating rink - day establish . quiet outside the hockey rink . no car in the lot . few pedestrian . int . o’ neil memorial ice skating rink - day Doug enter . the rink be dark and ghostly . he climb the bleacher to a dark corner . jem 's knuckle be purple around he emerald - and - gold claddagh ring . jem so -- we be out clean . nothing go sour until the end awkward silence . attention on gloansy . gloansy wo not happen again . doug it 's all right . jem I tell you what will not happen again . jem seem serious , which make for tension in the group . jem ( cont 'd ) that joint get boost again 's happy 's keepin’ he hand off the fuckin’ buzzer . jem laugh . gloansy laugh , pander : gloansy four guy come in : full body armor - - ak' -- skeletor mask . he decide that 's the time to hit the fuckin’ alarm ? you gotta be fuckin’ slow . jem lucky he just get tune up . doug what 's the magic number , drago ? jem 7-6-7-5 -0 . a piece . whistle from dez . ( continued ) 12 . continued : jem ( cont 'd ) minus some consecutive I incinerate . plus ten off the top for the florist . we see a look from Doug on the florist line . jem ( cont 'd ) duggy 's share be back at my place . you two ... jem hand dez and gloansy orange locker keys . jem ( cont 'd ) you piece be out front . and anyone who 's down -- I know gloansy 's down -- it 's a laundry run to the reservation tonight . he look up to Doug . jem ( cont 'd ) now what ? ext . hockey rink parking lot - moment later out in back of the rink . it should be evident that this two be old friend . doug this shit with the florist be gettin’ old . jem dig dig , do you think I would set we up for some bullshit ? I be buyin’ we a marquee score down the line . if we need to make payment to get there we make payment . doug fuck makin 's payment . we be takin 's risk and breakin’ he off for nothing . jem do not let you pride get in front of you money now -- that 's somethin’ I learn . doug now you have money expertise you acquire I do not know about ? I know you you whole life . ( continued ) 13 . continued : this piss jem off . jem be you with I seven year in walpole ? Doug know how to unwind he . doug what money do you have in walpole ? jem ( laugh ) shut the fuck up . doug let I ask you something , be we gonna start takin’ hostage now ? jem we be doin 's what we need to do , brother . doug we do not need to be workin’ with that piece of shit . jem why do you hate money , Doug E. Fresh ? you think he 's a piece of shit ? you can tell he tonight . int . florist 's shop - night Doug and jem enter the shop . it be a dingy little hole . jem move in ahead of Doug who hang back . we find rusty ( 65 ) and fergus colm ( the florist ) a sixty year old former boxer . jem approach the counter and drop a plastic shopping bag on the counter . he reach out and shake fergie 's hand , deferentially . jem fergie . fergie how be ya , son ? Doug nod to fergie from behind jem . ( continued ) 14 . continued : doug how be ya , fergie ? evidently this be not sufficiently respectful . fergie ( provocative ) how be you ? Doug do not want a confrontation . doug good . jem drop a envelope on the table . jem ( be : money ) run that under the sink . fergie nod . doug ( to fergie ) merry Christmas . we're on fergie as the door close . int . indian casino - laundering montage , music - night -- high ENERGY sequence to music . fruit of there labor . -- we see stolen cash be exchange for chip -- roulette wheel . High stake . jem and gloansy . -- Doug at a blackjack table . dez come up and try to play . Doug start lose and make dez leave . -- roulette wheel stop , jem lose big this time . he point out a hot waitress to distract gloansy and dez -- then nick chip from they dwindling stack . -- Doug hit 21 . he rise , do , many chip in he tray . they turn in they chip for clean money int . foxy lady - from above - later the four of they sit around the stage -- three of they waste -- smile up at a sinuous stripper . jem and gloansy do cocaine with a stripper . 15 . int . foxy lady - later Doug sit for a private lap dance . ext . boston - dawn the guy make it back to charlestown just as the sun crest the horizon . ext . bank boston ( kenmore square branch ) - day a COMCAST crew in a cherry picker examine the hack junction box above the kenmore Square bank . below , frawley , dino and the crew chief examine fresh wound in a telephone pole : gouge mark leave by a lineman 's spike . crew chief they obviously know how to work the box but I like how they zappped the bipper to the back - up alarm to the d-4 Station . frawley how would you learn that ? the crew chief look down -- realize he 's set himself up for a uncomfortable admission : crew chief get a job at comcast . same - moment later dino and frawley alone now , walk back to they car . frawley let 's subpoena work log , employee record . start with everyone who life in the town . ecu : Claire keesey 321 monument Ave Boston and she picture . beautiful , even on she license . ext . monument ave , claire 's apartment - magic hour Doug be sit up on the bunker Hill monument , hold Claire 's license , look down at she place . he watch as she leave she house . ( continued ) 16 . continued : on a long lens , back light , that time of day she look like nothing he have know -- he be transfix ... int . the tap - night Brick -wall , low-ceilinged . a dungeon of piss and beer . jem see doug. jem this be my brother right here . jem put he arm around , slightly drunk . gloansy roll over hold some drink . gloansy there 's the man . jem be we lucky or be we just good ? doug fuckin 's a , we be the best . Doug 's heart be only half in this ritual . jem let I know when you man up and start drinkin’ again , I 'il fuckin’ buy this place . same -— later Doug at the bar , observe the scene without expression . krista coughlin ( 29 ) come up and sit next to he . krista I be start to feel old . doug still look young . krista I think we be be replace . doug maybe that 's not a bad thing . krista not if you get somewhere to go . ( a long beat ) fuck , we smoke it to the filter , right ? ( continued ) 17 . continued : she turn to he . krista ( cont ’d ) you want I to come up later ? Doug smile , maybe a little sad . doug I will be right back , kris . Doug stand and squeeze through the crowd of drinker . he push through the front door ... ext . tap - night ( continuous ) . -- and out of the bar . he breathes in the fresh night air and move off up the street . ext . claire 's apartment - later Doug pass Claire 's apartment on monument Square and look up to see the light on . he stand and look . int . doug be apartment - late night a knock . Doug , barefoot , in boxer , pad into the hall to listen . he see a shadow in the stripe of light beneath the door . krista ( 0.s. ) dug-ggy . her voice be bar-hoarse and bourbon-rich . the knock become a cat- like nail -scratching . krista ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) I know you be in there ... the door move faintly , she body against it . he put he hand on the opposite side , hold it still . krista ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) you do not want to fuck I ? he glance over at he sofa -- where the armrest have groove where krista 's nail have make they mark . krista ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) ( sing lightly ) how do you want to fuck I duggggggy ? ( more ) ( continued ) 18 . continued : krista ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) I ' 1l let you do it . then , mercifully , she give up and retreat down the stair ; she shadow slip back ... ext . monument square - day the morning sun be brilliant in the city . Doug sit in he car outside Claire 's apartment . her front door open and she exit , cap brim low , trundle a basket of laundry . angle on Doug : think ... int . jay' on the corner laundromat - minute later the bell above the door jingle as Doug push through hefting a sack of laundry over he shoulder . he sneak a glance at a bank of washer Claire be fill with clothes . same - later Doug feign interest in a newspaper , watch Claire 's back as she fold a load of clean white . they be alone but for the Greek proprietor and a Old woman watch tv . Claire head to a change dispenser in back . over and over , she try to feed it a crumpled dollar bill . tentatively , Doug approach with a fistful of quarter . but as he near , the dispenser accept she dollar and rattles out four quarter -- leave he strand . she return to fold she laundry . Doug take a deep breath -- gather he courage . doug ( to she back ) Excuse I ? she turn fast , startle to see he there . there be tear in her eye , she try to smile again . doug ( cont 'd ) you all right ? ( continued ) 19 . continued : claire I be fine . with Doug hover , she scoops the rest of a load from the dryer , dump she clothes into the basket and bee - lining for the front door . cross fade to : dryer still churn around he , Doug sit in a bucket seat . a figure stand above he ; it 's Claire . claire Excuse I , hi. hello ? doug oh , hey -- how be you ? claire really embarrassed . I want to apologize ... doug no , no . you get nothing to apologize for . claire I be have a really bad month , and it all kind of hit I at once . doug no problem at all . some of she remain clothes sit fold on the table . claire anyway -- thanks for the quarter , and pull my clothes out . and -- doug no problem . ( step after she ) maybe , maybe you can let I buy you a drink ? I do not even know what that mean but people say it - she look up at he , be not expect this . say nothing . doug ( cont ’d ) not now . it 's ten thirty in the morning . at a normal time . ( continued ) continued : 20 . she 's not say anything . doug ( cont ’d ) I actually do not even drink myself . I do not mind if you do . or we can get dinner . claire uh. doug this be why I have never do the public ask out before . claire no , I just be not expect this . dinner ? doug that 's what I be go for . ( beat ) but I could also just put some more quarter in the machine and mind my business , too . ext . baseball field , charlestown - sunset the baseba Doug , dez 11 field be underneath the tobin bridge . jem , and gloansy in the empty stand . jem when something 's you job , that 's you job . be you gonna not go to work the next day ? dez none of you ever go to work except I . doug I get two thing I be look at , a Newton thing and a just over here thing two mile away thing . gloansy Newton 's a fuckin’ haul ina chase . doug bread truck be waist high in Newton . ( continued ) 21 . continued : jem I do not give a fuck . let 's fire one of ‘em up . doug have you even stashed you money yet ? ( look to gloansy ) mailbox etcetera do not count . int . claire 's apartment - day the buzzer be ringing . she open the door . its frawley frawley May I come in ? jump to - one minute later - they be come upstairs , she be talk fast . claire I have be do better , actually . it finally happen , like you say . my breakdown . ina laundromat of all place ... frawley good . it get easier now . claire so be there any progress ? frawley I think so , yes . frawley sit she down on the couch , kindly : frawley ( cont 'd ) tell I about the laundromat . Claire let some of she angst go . claire there be this guy in there , he be really nice and he ask I out . I just say yes , sort of in the moment . he 's a furniture mover or something , I do not know . I be not sure I will go . frawley oh ... good . ( continued ) 22 . continued : not the story he be look for . int . NORTH end restaurant - later Claire and Doug at dinner . slightly awkward . doug so , now , where be you from ? claire I grow up in canton . doug canton . Nice out there . claire it 's okay . they waiter arrive with they dinner . claire ( cont 'd ) what kind of work do you do ? doug demolition . well , the owner name the company ' Sky maker 's -- like every time we knock down a building we be really ' make sky . 's but the truth be I hit big cinder - block with little cinder - block and at he end of the day I punch a card and slide down the back of a brontosaurus like barney rubble . ( beat ) and we make more dust than sky . claire do not sugarcoat it for I . he laugh . doug what about you ? claire I be a manager at a bank . doug oh , yeah ? that 's a good job . ( off she grimace ) you do not like it ? ( continued ) 23 . continued : claire I do ... doug not anymore ? Doug wish he have that question back . claire we be rob , last week . they be wait for we inside . make we take off we shoe . I do not know why I be stick on that , but now I be barefoot in all my dream . doug but you be not hurt . claire no. David be . my assistant manager . the silent alarm go off and they ... assault he . doug they do that because of a silent alarm ? she avoid answer . then , softly yet plain : claire they take I with they . I think I be go to die . they let I out at the beach in east Boston - - where the plane come in . ( beat ) the FBI agent tell I this would feel like I be in mourn . doug so you be work with the FBI ? claire this not guy , he 's be great . doug he what , he call you , check in ? claire yeah . doug be you happy with the investigation ? progress ? suspect ? ( continued ) continued : it become 24 . ( 2 ) claire I be not sure that 's the kind of thing that make you happy . doug they have not talk to you about that ? claire not beyond tell I that all robbery investigation , evidently , begin in charlestown . doug the FBI say that ? claire to that effect . doug they do not see you as a suspect , do they ? claire no . why would they ? doug just , you say they hurt this other guy and they let you go ... claire no . I would not say that 's the dynamic between I and the investigator right now . doug just be careful . ( beat ) do you have a lawyer ? claire no . clear how much this be wear on Claire by she silence . doug you know what ? we can not even talk about this . claire I be sorry , I do not mean to - ( continued ) 25 . continued : ( 3 ) doug no - no it 's my fault . I should keep my mouth shut . I do not even know the story . a quiet beat pass between they . claire anyway , that 's why I be cry in the laundromat . and why I be not loving my job so much this day . ( beat ) the health insurance suck too . she smile . ext . charlestown bridge - night Doug and Claire walk across the bridge back home to charlestown . claire so all this time I have be think , '' I find the cutest apartment , cheap , close to work - there have to be a catch '' turn out the neighborhood be build around a prison year back and the inmate family move in . so here I be , live in a prison community , know for unsolve killing and armed robbery . doug yeah ... that 's a catch . but I do not - - who tell you all that ? claire the FBI . doug the FBI tell you that . do she offend he ? claire I have ask how one small place have so many robber and murder - I mean not everyone here 's a bad person ... they walk in silence for a moment . then Doug speak without look at she . ( continued ) 26 . continued : doug when I be a kid we use to go for ice cream , at wizard across from jj 's bar -- where all the big armed car guy hang out -- they be like rock star here . all we ever see be the car and pretty girl ... you hear all about the job they run and the house they have up billerica , winthrop ... there be a lot of kid in that ice cream parlor , face press to the glass , could not wait to grow up and be like the big guy -- some do , some go another way . I be scared of that guy . I just want to play hockey . ( that 's enough ) but it 's all condo here now . claire all we immigrant from the suburb . doug the neighborhood 's go to pot ! claire easy Lou dobb . ext . claire 's apartment , monument square - later have say they good - by , Doug watch Claire go inside the foyer and unlock the inner door , she turn back one more time and wave to doug . he wave back . stands there for a beat and mutter : doug what the fuck be I do ? int . warren tavern - afternoon different date , different guy . a colonial - era pub , crowded and upscale . Claire and frawley sit by the window . claire you know , somebody warn I that I should not talk to you without a lawyer . ( continued ) 27 . continued : frawley somebody from charlestown , right ? claire how have you know ? he consider how to answer this , then : frawley it epitomize the character of this place --- suspicious , parochial , clannish and rude . I get curse at every time I walk into a 7 - 11 , like I be the bad guy . this be not a very civil libertarian thing to say but in my experience the only people who lawyer up be guilty . whoever you friend be , he do something . blackberry goe off . he look at it . nasal exhale . claire what ? frawley stick up . chelsea credit Union . he show she he blackberry image : a jpeg still of the security camera --guy at a teller window with a .22 . frawley ( cont 'd ) ( flip it off ) what would we do without chelsea ? claire so , can I ask you a professional question and you 's 1ll tell I the truth . frawley depend on the question . claire be I a suspect ? frawley ( surprised , amused ) a suspect ? would I ask you out if I think you be a suspect ? claire I do not know . would you ? ( continued ) 28 . continued : ( 2 ) frawley not if I want a conviction . claire I might be see someone already . frawley the piano mover ? the guy in the laundromat ? he smile when he see , by she reaction , that it be . claire what 's so funny ? he 's ... frawley no , good . that 's good . claire he 's not a piano mover . and anyway , be not there FBI rule ...? frawley against dating the vic ? there be a rule . ( force a smile , wry ) it 's not , uh.. you do not do it . int . FBI office - day frawley sit at he desk , a array of still photo from the bank 's security camera spread out before he . dino ( 0.c. ) look at this . dino stand over frawley 's desk , extend a piece of paper towards he . frawley grab it . frawley ( read ) desmond elden . dino Works at comcast . never see the inside of a jail cell . frawley great . should we send a gift ? dino this guy get no show job , right ? ( more ) ( continued ) 29 . continued : dino ( cont 'd ) so when they rob a bank , we go to the foreman he say ‘oh yeah guy be here yesterday 's and show we a forge time card . but they can not play they game at comcast because it 's a public company -- they have actual rule . if you do not show up to work it 's a record sick day . and ' dezzy 's have some interesting sick day . he name bank that be rob , the date of the robbery coincide with dez 's sick day . he hold up 8x10 surveillance still take from each of the robbery . dino ( cont ’d ) Bank Boston , strong armore , Arlington brink and ... kenmore sovereign . frawley can not quite believe it . frawley Jesus Christ . int . church basement - hard to tell a aa / na meeting . a speaker share he story . while he story go , we push through the attendee , come to rest on doug . speaker point to woman in front . speaker that 's Janice , she 's my wife . she 's right there . anyway , I be die . but I be hardhead and I do not think it could change . like the guy at the bar -- he see a priest pull up a chair . the guy say to the Priest , '' I hate to do this to you but you be waste you be time . I know for a fact there be no God . '' Priest say , '' how be that ? '' he say , '' because I be a explorer at the north pole . I get lose in a storm once , I be blind and freezing to death and I pray , if there be a God , save my life , but God do not come . '' the Priest look at he confuse and say , '' but you be alive ... God save you . '' guy say , '' God ? God never show up . ( more ) ( continued ) 30 . continued : speaker ( cont 'd ) some eskimo come along and take I back to he camp . '' ( reaction ) that 's what happen . I meet Janice . she 's my eskimo . on Doug . ext . claire 's apartment - day Doug pull up outside and double park . he head toward 's she door when she emerge from it , surprising he . doug hey , I be just stop by to see you . Claire be slightly take aback , obviously this be not plan , but not completely unwelcome . claire hi . be we suppose to ? doug no , I just want to stop by . think maybe we could go out and do something , spur of the moment . whatever . claire oh , I be actually on my way out . doug I can come with you if you want . I do not know what you be do but -- I can give you a ride , it 's a nice day , I get nowhere to go . he smile . she look at he . claire okay . int . doug be avalanche - moment later they get in . claire wow . he recognize she look as amusement . he feel the sudden sting of foolishness . ( continued ) continued : 31 . claire ( cont 'd ) this be not a work truck that look as though its be on the job site recently . doug I keep it clean for re-sale . claire my car be go to be jealous . doug I figure I would get the prius lecture eventually . claire how do you know I drive a prius . whoops . a few beat for he to come up with something . doug that be not you prius I have see by the apartment ? claire I guess so . ( beat ) I think maybe you would be spying on I . doug where we go ? claire mass General . Doug realize this might be bad for he . int . hospital hallway - day a hospital seem more hallway . Claire lead . Doug see that she nervous than he be . doug you seem worried about something . claire I do not like hospital . my brother die in one . doug when be this ? ( continued ) 32 . continued : claire I be young . he be little . he have lymphoma . before Doug can come up with something to say in response , he see they be come up on a cop sit in a chair outside a room . Doug slow . claire ( cont 'd ) it will not take long . I promise . doug it 's fine , I can wait out here . claire no , meet he . int . hospital recovery room - moment later David bearn propped up against a avalanche of pillow , gauze and bandage mask he face .. Doug stay put while Claire cross the room and kiss he cheek . claire I wish you have let I bring you something , David . bearn uh , people bring so much clutter -- it 's like , what be I suppose to do with balloon ? make animal ? claire ( pull up chair ) so they be hopeful ? bearn well , hopeful mean I may recover fifty percent of my sight in this eye . I just want to get back to work . claire really ? back to work ? bearn God , yes . preferable to large print sudoku . claire that 's the last place I want to go . ( continued ) continued : 33 . bearn well , you have memory , sweetie . the one inconvenience I be spare . doug I be gonna leave you guy alone . Doug do a awkward wave , as he retreat to the doorway . bearn I will not keep she long . but we will talk about you . int . hospital corridor - a short while later Claire exit and Doug catch up to she . they walk . doug you friend get a tough break . Claire say something he do not catch . Doug realize she have stop , turn back to she . doug ( cont 'd ) what ? claire it be I . I hit the alarm . he just do not remember . she let go . claire ( cont 'd ) the FBI instruction be very clear , we be tell to hit the alarm when the ' subject 's be still in the bank . that 's what I do . ( emotional ) I could have tell they it be I but I let it happen . because I be scared . doug hitting a alarm during a armed robbery be brave . there be not too many people who do that . ( quieter ) and there be nothin’ you could do to help you friend . claire should I tell the FBI ? ( continued ) 34 . continued : doug no. no. cop be just people . they just want to find a bad guy so they can go home and nuke they supper . and usually whoever 's runnin’ they mouth the most . claire I should hire a lawyer . doug I think you need to try to let this go Claire claire I have to , I know . she look at he and smile , recover a bit . claire ( cont ’d ) thanks . doug guidance through the justice system be how we show affection in charlestown . int . restaurant - night they be now at dinner . a waiter refill Doug 's glass with water and Claire 's with wine . claire ( be :wine ) be you sure this do not bother you ? doug no , it 's fine . claire but you do not drink ? doug nope . claire do not like to talk about it ? doug uh , not really . ( continued ) 35 . continued : claire if you be worried about make a bad impression -- I have see you truck . how much worse can it get ? he laugh . claire ( cont 'd ) you life do not go well with alcohol . you can say that . he exhales a little . okay . doug I do not mind tell you my life do not go well with oxycontin and cocaine ... but I would not mind talk about something else now , either . ( beat ) and I really do not know what you have against my truck . claire ( smile ) okay . ( beat , teasing ) what about you family ? you can not shut it down on the family , too -- doug what be you talk about ? I be a open book . he smile . doug ( cont ’d ) my mother leave when I be six . my father , uh , we do not talk . he life in the suburb . claire you mother leave when you be six ? doug yeah . claire that 's terrible . what happen ? Doug go back to he food . doug she leave . ( continued ) continued : 36 . ( 2 ) claire Doug , I just want to know about something that tell I who you be . if I can not know that I do not know what I be do here . Doug just look at she . then he start talk . Claire doe ! move . doug I just turn six . this noise wake I up in the morning . I think it be a animal maybe . I have never hear what a man sound like just , you know , cry .. when I see my father in the kitchen all I remember be the ashtray . look like he would be through a hundred cigarettes . ash like a little mountain . he have stop cry and he be sit there watch tv on we little black and white with no sound . I think he just do not know what else to do . he see I stand in the doorway and he just go , '' you mother leave . she 's not comin’ back . '' just like that . smokin 's cigarettes and eatin a tv dinner at six in the mornin’ . ( beat ) we lose we dog the year before . I think '' lose '' be a place people go . I want to make this poster so if she be lose she could call we like they do when someone find we dog . to this day my father will tell you he help I make that poster . but he do not . he sit there and drank a case of beer and I go around by myself on school street ask people if they see my mother . I always assume she go off and start another family somewhere and know my father -- I do not blame she . 's not know what to say . we see she be extremely doug ( cont ’d ) glad I tell that story ... now you be never gonna call I . ( realize ) i . ) E ( continued ) continued : she laugh she sigh . she smile 37 . ( 3 ) doug ( cont 'd ) do I just say , '' now you be never gonna call I ? '' how do I turn into sex and the City all of a sudden ? , break the tension . claire I ' 1l call you , believe I . doug well , that 's good . claire at the very least I need someone to walk I home at night . doug no ... charlestown 's pretty safe in term of street crime . claire guess I be just lucky -- or maybe I attract the right kind of people . doug what kind of people ? claire I do not even want to say anything . I do not want you think i be some kind of crime magnet . doug if you can not tell I , I do not know what I be do here . claire I be fine . I come out of store twenty - four and this guy come grab I and kind of shove I and be grab for my purse but the store owner see it and start yell -- and I be at the point where I feel like , '' I have be in the big league , you guy be jv criminal '' and they run off and I go home and go to bed . the look on Doug 's face be as deadly serious as we have see he . she realize this . ( continued ) 38 . continued : ( 4 ) claire ( cont 'd ) I be fine . it just scared I . doug no , it 's not fine . he lift she sleeve and see she have a long scrape / CUT on she arm that be ugly from where she be manhandle . claire Doug , I be fine . I be just go through a lot . doug do you get a look at , uh , either of they face ? int . jem 's apartment - fifteen minute later Doug walk in . jem be watch television . doug I be ask for you help . I can not tell you why , you can never ask I about it after and it involve hurt people . jem stare at he , eye thoughtful . jem whose car we gonna take ? ext . mishuam project - night Doug and jem cruise slowly through the project street . people be out , stand around they car . jem like little reddish hair ? reddish brown ? Puerto rican kid ? doug yeah . jem yup , agarid colazzo , Alex they call he . hang with a big fat kid all the time . the slowly cruise around another corner and pull to a stop outside one particular unit . ( continued ) 39 . continued : jem ( cont 'd ) top floor , apartment B. the pull out baklava mask , jump out of the car and grab a sledgehammer from the trunk . int . alex colazio' apartment - moment later we be at the stairway landing . Doug and jem arrive , don mask , and quickly step up to the door . doug Alex ! he rap on the metal door . doug ( cont ’d ) Alex ! from within . alex what ?! the door crack , Alex be about to look through use the chain but jem hit it with the sledgehammer -- send alex sprawling back into he apartment . Doug and jem seamlessly continue they momentum and rush through behind the door . int . alex colazzo ’'s apartment , inside - continuous jem remove a expandable metal stick and use it to crack the fat friend of Alex 's across the face as he emerge to help . Doug be all over Alex , punch and stomping he . it be a very fast , brutal flurry of violence that be more a beat than a fight -- despite the fact that if anything , jem and Doug be outsize . jem and Doug let up -- they stand heaving and sweat over the two thug and they demolish apartment . jem open a bag of white powder and throws some on alex 's face and scatter the rest on the floor . jem another deal go ' sour 's for yous two . ( continued ) 40 . continued : doug let go . jem be look at Alex . jem be not Alex say can do to jem 's gun doug ( cont ’d ) c'mon , we be do . do . he seem curious about Alex . jem ( to Alex ) what do you do ? nothing , he face be a bloody mess -- it 's all he keep one eye open and hope this end soon . jem ( cont 'd ) you hurt my friend ? this be my brother right here . I would die for this motherfucker right here . you hurt he ? come out . alex no ! no ! I aint 's do nothin’ . jem yes you do . alex chill . jem do not tell I to chill . he aim the gun at Alex 's head . boom ! jem doug easy . jem what do you do ? alex nothin ! shoot he in the thigh . Alex howl ! jem there go college soccer ! boom ! boom ! two shot in the other leg . ( continued ) 41 . continued : ( 2 ) jem ( cont 'd ) you be fuck up now . jem put the gun to Alex 's head . jem ( cont 'd ) what do you do ? doug no ! Doug grab jem and the gun . look at he . doug ( cont 'd ) let 's go . now ! jem turn to both of the thug , think for a beat and take of he mask . jem you know who I be ? go tell the cop . ' Cause I know who you be , too . he shake Doug off he . jem ( cont 'd ) let 's go . int . jem ’'s car —- moment later the drive in silence . neither man look at the other . the city roll by at night . four cruiser zoom by the other way , light off . doug I do not need to be up there killin’ people . jem you call I . dissolve to bright sunlight ext . charlestown garden - day Claire be gardening in she plot . Doug be watch from behind the fence . they have be talk there . doug five year since they make this you be the first person I know who use one . ( continued ) 42 . continued : claire do you think that reflect more on I or on you ? doug oh , I , definitely . embarrassing because I be a big fan of flower . claire really , which kind ? she be kneel in the garden and the top of she underwear be reveal above she jeans . the underwear have lilac on they . doug lilac . she half smile half laugh but do not jump up . claire I , too. ( put down tool ) I be at the point where I have start have dream about you . she stand , brush away dirt , move to he . claire ( cont 'd ) I dreamt you work at the bank . in one we be both barefoot and then you be six year old . you be a little boy in a lot of they . the thing be -- you be never a real person . you never have any context . you be just vapor . and it make I realize , I know you really well but you be not real . it 's like I invent you . be you real Doug ? doug I think so . claire all I have be a cell number . it 's like al - Qaeda . I do not have you address , no house to drive past and torment myself and wonder , ' be he home ? 's doug you mean you want reference ? ( continued ) 43 . continued : ( 2 ) claire no . I want to do what girl do : subtly go through you thing . I want to rifle you medicine cabinet , stand for five minute in you closet . be I crazy ? be you marry ? doug ( laugh ) be I marry ? no . claire well ? that 's what I mean . ( beat ) just tell I if I be make a mistake , Doug . I 'il still make it . I just want to know . doug no . she hold he look . claire okay . you promise . doug be nice would not it ? no past , no history . meet each other for the first time every day ? she smile extend she hand . claire Claire . doug doug. ( beat ) no chemistry . she push he . he use that as a opportunity to put he arm around she , swallow she up , in a wide shot we see they in the garden . ext . coughlin triple -decker ( backyard ) - day long shot of we crew barbecue in the backyard . Doug and jem sit on the step of the back porch ; gloansy tend the grill ; krista and joanie be in lawn chair near shyne ( 2 ) krista 's daughter , who clamor around a play pen . ( continued ) 44 , continued : dez push through the back door with a arm-load of beer . jem snatch one of they , and as dez descend the step , we freeze - frame on he and hear : the click of a camera shutter ... dino ( 0.s. ) desmond elden . CUT to : int . mini - van - continuous behind tinted window , dino snap photo with a long - lens camera and frawley watch through binocular . dino ( 0.s. ) system tech at comcast . back to barbecue jem take a swallow from he beer , then turn and say something to krista . dino ( 0.s. ) James coughlin . kill a drug dealer over a girl with when he be nineteen . served seven for manslaughter . Father kill in prison . mother die HIV . Left he and the sister this three - banger . he 's you prototype . townie ; lifer , killer , shithead . this guy plan and execute with sophistication and discipline -- and you know that be not coughlin . we think the architect be he best friend - Douglas macray . click . freeze on tight shot of Doug . int . FBI office ( conference room ) - day the FBI 's armed robbery task force be gather around a table in a conference room . five other guy listen to frawley and dino 's presentation . surveillance photo , mug shot , and rap sheet litter the table , wall , a video wall , full multi-media . ( continued ) 45 . continued : frawley Mac senior get life for the dunbar job where Steven burke execute both guard . Young macray do eight month easy for go over the counter of a baybank with a nailgun after he wash out from pro hockey . cop pro hockey ? dino he be a big deal for a minute . get draft , go to camp but -- here 's a shocker he start fightin’ guy and gettin’ high . cop not ! cop : '' not a Boston kid ! '' '' a townie ! '' dino get boot -- come home and join the family business . laughter . dino place a photo of gloansy up . dino ( cont 'd ) last be : Alfred magloan . only in Boston be a guy name '' Alfred macgloan . '' never walk by a car he do not boost -- Alfred 's one of this kid can start you Cherokee for you while you be standin’ there lookin’ for you key . frawley we be a long way from a grand jury but if that be not we guy -- ( think what to say ) +.. I will make love with dino . laughter . dino roll he eye . guy start move . dino be that suppose to be a win for I ? CUT to : 46. ext . coughlin triple -decker ( backyard ) - back in time back to the barbecue . we be closer on they now . a teenager hop the back fence and walk toward they . teenager do not see nothin’ inside . tint on the window be black as fuck . but the antenna 's base 's quarter inch thick . he make a ring with he finger the like a sand dollar . teenager ( cont ’d ) feebie , son . doug God damn it . gloansy you sure ? doug yeah . statie and bpd be thin . jem that fuck bank manager . doug what could she say ? what ? there be four of we ? jem you tell I , then . doug maybe we push the phone stuff too hard . dez now it 's the phone ... doug we gotta bench the other thing . jem why ? doug the FBI 's down the corner . besides that , we be good .. ( continued ) 47 . continued : jem that 's right . they think we be goin’ dark now . we come over the top . doug okay look , it 's not even prepped . let I keep work I 'il tell you when . for now , let 's not be see with each other if we can help it . ext . pizzeria - dusk Claire and Doug share a pizza in a Boston pizzeria . his be plain . hers in Hawaiian , pineapple and sausage . claire so , I have be tell my friend all about you . this be not Doug 's favorite thing to hear . doug oh yeah ? all good thing I hope . claire mostly good . doug ( smile ) what do they say ? her momentary pause tell Doug the answer . of course . doug ( cont 'd ) they can not believe you luck . you move to charlestown snag a rock break townie . could not even snag one that own a scratch ticket store ? claire no ... they just think it 's a rebound . I be like , rebound from what ? the robbery ? anyway , I feel sort of estrange from they now . I think that 's what they be pick up on . I have change . I can feel it . they still have this , carelessness - which I sort of envy but at the same time I hardly understand anymore . it feel like I be leave they behind . ( continued ) 48 . continued : doug I know what you mean . people walk by . we feel the day outside . claire my brother die on a day like this . I be hold he hand . the sun be bright through the shop . claire ( cont 'd ) now on really sunny day I think about someone die . that 's wrong , be not it ? doug I be sure he have be glad you be think of he . she smile , the mood be melancholy but they be no less connect to one another . Doug gesture to the pizza , the cafe , the day . doug ( cont ’d ) I be have a good time . this be a good day . she set she napkin on the table , push back she chair . claire good . then you will miss I while I be go . Claire disappear inside to the bathroom . Doug sit back , tipping he chair , look up at a jet trail in the sky . someone poke he in the back of the neck . voice ( 0.s. ) money , bitch . Doug tense -- but notice the rest of the diner eat calmly . he turn and see that it 's jem . jem I froze you . Doug glance hard at the pizzeria door . jem ( cont 'd ) what be you do here ? ( continued ) 49 . continued : ( 2 ) jem step over the low fence , drop into Claire 's seat . doug ( watch the door ) what ? jem fuck be this ? who you here with ? jem scoops up Claire 's slice and bite in . doug no one . jem no one ? jem pick up Claire 's lemonade glass . he put he lip on she straw and suck . jem ( cont 'd ) what be this ? Doug peel off two twenty , make to stand . he see the pizza be '' Hawaiian '' pineapple and sausage . jem ( cont 'd ) be this yours ? doug you wanna get outta here ? jem naw , naw , I be cool . let I get a beer . the door open and Claire step back outside . Doug go deaf -- the sound of the ballpark drown all else , like a pass jet . without sound , Claire 's lip say , '' hi . '' '' hey , '' say jem , chew . he surrender he seat with a flourish -- SOUND returning to Doug 's ear . claire I be Claire . jem jem . claire Jim ? jem jem . just jem . ( continued ) 50 . continued : ( 3 ) Claire nod , turn to Doug for help . jem ( cont 'd ) I 'ma friend of this loser . he life with I . not with I , domestic partner . above I , my house . third floor of my house . Claire sit stare across the table at silent Doug . jem ( cont 'd ) yeah , I see the avalanche park around the corner . ( to Doug ) I tell you that thing stand out . Doug flash to jem , realize he have be follow he . claire the avalanche ? jem his truck . the work truck . duggy 's quite the worker . claire you two have be friend a long time ? jem like brother . since we be six . but he never breathe a word about you , the secret with this one . claire I be sorry , do you say you name be Jim or gem ? jem both actually . teacher always use to say , ' you can have this one , he 's a real gem . 's it kind of stick . Claire smile jem ( cont 'd ) so what do you do for yourself there , Claire ? Claire take up she lemonade . her lip move to the straw . she take a long draw as Doug look on , helpless . claire I work in a bank . ( continued ) continued : Doug dead - 51 . ( 4 ) jem oh yeah ? which one ? claire kenmore Square . jem be not that the one -- ? claire we be rob , yeah jem yeah I read about that . so how have you two meet ? claire um ... we meet in a laundromat . jem Love among the bleach . happens more than you think . stare at jem now . no crack in jem 's facade . jem ( cont 'd ) do not you trust a word he say , Claire . claire you mean he 's not really a astronaut ? jem well , -- that one 's true . we be in the space program . so if you get any friend interested in -- manned exploration , preferably redhead . claire I ' 1l let they know . jem do not get too use to you life of leisure here . duggy -- he 's a real workaholic ... jem 's smile vanish a moment under he dead eye as he rise to leave . jem ( cont 'd ) ... always take he work home with he . ( continued ) 52 . continued : ( 5 ) Claire watch he go . she turn to doug. claire I guess you have not be tell all you friend about I . doug not that one , anyway . he try to smile it off . she reach for she lemonade again , but this time doug take the glass from she hand . int . jem 's basement - day a dank stone cellar of weep wall . the clank of iron on iron . the basement have be make into a weight room . Doug come down the stair , see jem do press . jem sit up , vein swollen in he forearm . he see Doug and drop a curling bar . doug you get something to say , say it now . jem that 's my line here . doug that be a mistake come over there . jem I ?? you be at fuckin’ stefani 's pizza with the witness from we armed robbery ! doug relax . I know what I be do . jem duggy , if you fuck up in this life , there be consequence . and you be fuckin’ up . jem hold Doug 's look . jem ( cont 'd ) be it over ? doug do not worry about I . ( continued ) 53 . continued : jem I be worried about you , motherfucker . you be tryin' to get I incarcerate and you be slow rollin’ this other deal , too . doug I have not be slow rollin’ shit . jem this pussy must be tight . it get you on a three week bender and you do not even drink . but do not let it be some five week delay pussy and really do not let it be some get - your- boy - in - the lewisberg pussy neither ! ! in the face of jem 's anger Doug get Zen . doug we get heat on we right now and this shit take time to get right . jem we get heat on we , let start fuckin’ all the witness . I be blowin’ the assistant manager . do I forget to tell you ? doug fuck you . you want to take over , you be welcome to start . jem douggy , no one need to know you be fuckin’ she and no one need to know you be puttin’ hit out on Puerto rican for she neither . so get off you ass and set it up . Doug turn on jem , give in to anger . doug jem . it 's be set up . you get such a fuckin’ hard on to go ? we will go tomorrow . int . claire 's apartment - night Doug enter Claire 's apartment , she see he arrive on the top step . he see she and have a slightly off look . ( continued ) 54 . continued : claire what ? doug nothing ? claire what be it ? he say this plainly and honestly . doug it 's just -- every time I see you I keep think I have exaggerated in my mind how beautiful you be and you can not really look that amazing in real life . but then I see you - and ... you do . claire that be ... a great line . how girl be there in charlestown whose heart be break with that line ? he laugh . doug none. ( beat ) they be in Brighton and malden and suburban area . she move toward the back and throw the line over she shoulder : claire I see you picture yesterday . this slow he . his instinct kick in . doug sure it be I ? claire pretty sure , yeah . he hold she look . she 's give he nothing . claire ( cont 'd ) why do you look horrify . it be not that bad -- as hockey picture go . the hair be bad . doug oh . that picture . ( continued ) continued : she make 55 . ( 2 ) claire I be volunteering at the boy and Girls club and there you be ina hockey uniform a local heroes banner ... awww . a sweet face . claire ( cont 'd ) well , when I say I know you , they be very intimidate . I feel like I be dating Tiger Woods . doug I be not that good . Doug get uncomfortable . Doug plain claire apparently you be ' draft . 's I do not know exactly what that mean but I be fairly sure they do not do it to the bad player . doug you would be surprised . I get draft by the St. Louis blue , they be not even a team anymore . claire you be pretty good . there be only one other picture up there and he be a pro football player who 's on tv now . howie something . ly tell she the truth . doug yeah , I be good . and I get draft . and I do not do what it take to make the team . I be not smart enough to know it or classy enough to accept it and when I get a second chance , I blow that , too . so when I look at that picture , all I see be a guy who fuck up every chance he ever get . Doug 's vulnerability take he by surprise and have a self - propulsive quality . ( continued ) 56 . continued : ( 3 ) doug ( cont ’d ) but it 's a good reminder about the price you pay when you throw away the most important thing in the world can I be you boyfriend ? she smile , surprised . claire I have not have a ' boyfriend 's since sixth grade ... the gap between they close , and the kiss , once it come , be at once both soft and electric . int . claire 's room - night Claire and Doug , in she bed . the camera float over the bed , alternate between ecus and slightly wider shot . Love scene . we do not hear what they be say . the sound of score and the drift of the camera create something impressionistic . ext . outside claire 's door - night Doug exit Claire 's door , as high as he 's be in a long time . ext . CITY of boston - crack of dawn the city as the sun peek over the edge of the world . int . seedy HOTEL on melnea cass blvd . - early morning in a series of shot we see jem , Doug , gloansy and dez as they prepare . int . seedy HOTEL on melnea cass blvd . , shower - morning scrub down vigorously in the shower , thick brushes over hand , try to remove as much loose skin as possible . int . seedy HOTEL on melnea cass blvd . - morning prepare the weapon - jem meticulously wipe down not just each weapon but each piece of ammunition with a alcohol swab , eliminate DNA trace . ( continued ) 57 . continued : magazine for the AK - 47 's be hold together , separate only by the break end of a paintbrush and hockey tape together . they be then snapped into place . int . seedy HOTEL , melnea cass blvd . - morning each man put on a black track suit , taping it down at the ankle and wrist . int . dark space - morning dez , jem , gloansy and Doug huddle across from one another , in a dark space -- pack weapon into large duffel bag . they place mask on top of the bag , zip , etc . doug we do not need to get hurt and we do not need to hurt anyone else . ( he look to all ) if its a cruiser , we have the firepower . we take the tire , the radiator - - we be go . more than a cruiser , we see how fast they be . CUT to : outside the dark space we reveal that the four of they be inside : ext . dez 's COMCAST truck - day we see in a parking lot across from a sovereign bank CUT to : int . frawley 's car - same frawley and dino be park at the other end of the lot , frawley look through binoculars at the COMCAST truck . they have the guy staked out . a third , younger , surveillance agent ( 24 ) be in the back seat . frawley when do he get here ? ( continued ) 58 . continued : surveillance agent six this morning accord to gps we have on he truck . there 's no reason for he to be here , so we alert you . int . dark space - continuous the four guy conference , jem check slide on a handgun . doug the messenger will come around back , open the door , and load the coal bag - - we hit he right then -- get the bag and whatever we can from the back . that 's when the call go out . gloansy ( have stopwatch ) how long do we have once a call go to dispatch ? doug ( indicate stopwatch ) you can throw that out . depend how close or far a cruiser happen to be . ext . dehus COMCAST truck parking lot - same wider shot let we see , as we move through the parking lot , every third car have undercover or uniform in it . int . frawley 's car - same frawley , dino and the young agent wait . dino let 's go pop the door and get this fuck numb nut . frawley we should wait for they to commit a crime , do not you think ? the young agent try to chime in . surveillance agent conspiracy ... ( continued ) continued : 59 . frawley a real crime , Henry . dino , they be not go home in the cable van . with no switch car this be probably surveillance . a undercover detective come to the car and drop a radio in t! frawley go int . dark jem hold he window . frawley ( cont 'd ) we be dark -- undercover this be encrypt . frawley ( into radio ) go ahead . captain ( on radio ) ran a q-hot on the parking lot . that Cherokee be boost . it 's gotta be they getaway . es ashen . frawley call tactical , get ‘em down here quick . space - continuous up a bullet and show it to Doug . jem this be for we friend in law enforcement . .762 round . go through a car door , a vest and the ceramic chest plate a engine block and two people . gloansy they give you a nice boost to you sentence for that . jem they gonna add twenty year to two hundred ? they go after I they need to know - I be take motherfucker with I . ( to Doug ) you good ? doug let 's go . ( continued ) 60 . continued : they start to rise . int . frawley 's car - same they see the door OPEN on the truck ! frawley ( draw he gun ) they be come out ! they get out and draw they weapon . ext . work truck - same Police move forward towards the truck . cop swarm . police dont move !!! on the ground ! CUT to : int . dark space - same we counter with the guy as they rise and open the door , revealing they be in a blacked out HOTEL room and not the van , they exit into the STREET and toward there waiting car . int . dez' COMCAST truck - same a homeless guy be waking up , have sleep off he drunk . he be terrified . this fear be match in intensity by frawley 's frustration and anger . frawley cooocksucker ! younger surveillance agent try to make sense of it . surveillance agent they must have have he drive the van and follow they in a car we do not have ... frawley nothing get past you ... except the people you be salary not to let get past you -- in which case you be a fuck sieve . ( continued ) 61 . continued : dino easy . he move frawley away . dino ( cont 'd ) you want to close the bridge ? just put someone there at least ? frawley that 's a metaphor , about charlestown , dino . you do not literally '' close a bridge . '' do I want to close a major traffic artery and compound we professional embarrassment for a wife tale ? no . dino okay . just ask . frawley you know what we should do ? we should tell people to be on the general lookout for bank robber today ... int . minivan - moment later gloansy drive the minivan through the North end. doug and jem be in the backseat . they be cruise the North end . the hold they weapon and mask on they lap so they can not be see from outside the car . Children trickle in to a parochial school they pass by . they must circle the block , orbit while they wait for the truck to arrive . no one say a word , until : gloansy here we go ! the armore car turn out onto the street in front of they and pull up in front of the bank . everyone 's adrenaline level skyrocket . Doug reach down and pull up he mask , pull it over he head . they mask have the face on the back of they head and a sheer black which cover they face -- this have the disconcert effect of make one not immediately sure if they be come toward you or walk away . the armore car pull up in front of the bank and two guard ( messengers ) emerge . one hold a dolly . ( continued ) 62 . continued : we guy will time they arrival just as the messenger be open the back door of the truck and load money . v6fp on a boy on the side walk , look into the minivan . angle on the minivan : three mask man with submachine gun ride by . ramp up to 24fp . the messenger open the back . the minivan door spring OPEN simultaneously . Doug and jem jump from the car , weapon out . jem crack Messenger # 1 with the butt of the AK . jem stay on the ground . Doug take aim at messenger # 2 . doug Messenger get on the ground . the guard flail . Doug quickly subdue he , grab the coal bag . he stand over the two guard , wait for jem . one guard appear to be make a move , doug get the AK in he face . doug ( cont ’d ) think about it brother . thirteen dollar a hour . jem goe through the back of the car look for loot . passersby be frozen in place , staring at the robbery . doug ( cont ’d ) ( to pedestrian ) we be bail out this bank . it ’1ll be over in a minute . jem look through the bulletproof glass at the driver , who be terrify . jem turn he head , revealing the mask . int . minivan - same gloansy have a police scanner in the car . gloansy call go out ! ( continued ) 63 . continued : jem jump out and Doug head for the car . the entire armored car robbery will happen very quickly . int . US dept . of justice . 1 CENTER plaza . 6 th FL - same frawley and he entire staff mill around they office . frawley 's blackberry go off . he look at it . then , to dino : frawley you see this banknorth . something 's in front of the camera can someone call down there . int . minivan - continuous they pile into the car , throw bag . Doug check watch . doug two-twenty . gloansy fire up the car and they start down the street when a siren go off . they all turn back to see a police cruiser bear down on they . gloansy that be quick . doug must have be down the street . jem pick the gun back up . jem Light he up . gloansy lock up the brake . the cruiser come screeching to a halt behind they . jem and Doug get ready to light up the cruiser with aks . Doug see that behind the cruiser to one side be a schoolyard filled with child . doug wait , wait wait ! jem look , gloansy look . jem fuck. 64 . ext . NORTH end STREET - moment later the minivan come careening around the corner of a narrow street , nearly take out a bench . a van be park up on a sidewalk so the minivan be force to drive up on the oppose sidewalk . the cruiser give chase around several incredibly narrow , ancient turn and alley -- build to accommodate horse ( and even that only narrowly ) in the 1700' . driving though at 60 mph be harrowing . the chase last about thirty second until a car pull out in front of they and slam on its brake force we guy to a halt . the driver of the front car get out , we guy go for they gun , we reveal the driver be dez in the ‘switch car 's and we guy be readying themselves to shoot it out with the pursue policeman . the guy jump out of the minivan , and leave it in the middle of the street , gloansy grab the bag of money while jem use the door for cover , take aim at the cruiser who have pull up behind they . jem start firing at the car , incredibly loud automatic rifle report - bangbangbang -quickly disable it and force the driver out of the car . another cruiser arrive from the street perpendicular , follow by a third . jem , support by Doug , begin fire at the police . the automatic weapon totally overwhelm the police officer who retreat quickly under the loud and terrifying onslaught . int . minivan - continuous the back be fill with jugs of gasoline . Doug open one , dump as much of it as he can over as much area of the interior as he can . he call to jem . doug let 's go . he stand back , crack a zippo and let it drop . the whole thing goe up in flame . 65 . ext . salem ST. , switch car - continuous they pile into the switch car as the minivan burn , block any pursue traffic and take off . int . FBI headquarters , 6th floor - same frawley , dino and several agent be in the bullpen area . frawley be stare at image from the robbery as they come across he blackberry . frawley let the handset drop a bit . frawley dino . dino be distract . frawley ( cont 'd ) dino. dino yeah ? frawley Close the bridge . dino what ? frawley Close the fuck bridge ! ext . cooper ST . - same the Jeep Cherokee scream down the street , head back to charlestown . gloansy drive without ever touch the brake . we see he steer this car with a ' suicide knob . 's ext . chelsea ST . from above -- same Black and White cruiser light up they roof . traffic push back . ext . endicott ST . from above - moment later the Jeep fly down the wrong side of the street , head for the bridge . 66 . ext . chelsea ST . -- same the cruiser move the traffic aside and make better speed . ext . charlestown bridge - moment later the Jeep make the bridge , zoom across it and onto Route 99 towards malden . we pan with the Jeep and just as it go out of sight the cruiser arrive , stop traffic - - a moment too late . int . jeep cherokee - moment later the four guy be elate . gloansy Ho ! dez damn ! gloansy that 's how you drive a fuckin’ car . laughter and adrenaline . int . switch car —- continuous gloansy turn onto School street , approach the intersection of School and Main street . the guy grab they bag in one hand , rifle in the other , still wear mask . as they hit the intersection , gloansy pull up behind the second switch car and they jump out . ext . school ST . and MAIN - continuous dez , Doug , jem and gloansy come out of the jeep , carry duffel bag in one hand and AK - 47 's or tech - 9 's in the other . they stay low and move quickly . as they get to the second switch car , Doug look across the street ( towards camera ) and see something that stop he cold . the other four guy stop immediately after . ( continued ) 67 . continued : reveal : a police officer across the STREET -- sitting in he car staring back at they . the cop be in he late fifty , do lazy duty on a construction site . now he find himself no more than thirty foot from four guy with bag , mask and assault rifle . angle on we guy : not move a muscle . angle on the cop : he face have not even have time to react to what 's happen in he brain . after a long beat , the cop simply turn he head the other way , hold he stare in the opposite direction . we guy wait a beat , freeze still ... then they simply pick up where they leave off , throw they stuff in the switch car , fire it up and get on they way . int . third switch car - moment later Doug , jem , gloansy and jem all tear off they mask and start stashing they weapon . gloansy now why be not there more guy like that in uniform ? jem he do not want to go for the plaque at the vfw banquet this year . ext . salem ST . - same Police be everywhere . the burn out minivan be cordon off . dino and frawley be take stock of the scene . frawley they miss ‘em on the bridge ? dino yup , they miss ‘em on the bridge . ( beat ) same as when you ask I thirty second ago . frawley yeah . ( beat ) fuck ! ( more ) ( continued ) 68 . continued : frawley ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) print the van . frawley walk closer to the minivan . the bullet - riddled cruiser be still behind it . small yellow marker have be laid next to all the casing on the ground . dino what do you mean ' print the van ? 's the van be a volcano . frawley just find something and make it look like something that look like a print . ( circle car ) because right now they be burn the money band in a safe house -- someone 's cousin 's wife 's sister who get pay twenty thousand not to be home for the day . they alibis be pay a week in advance . we will not find any DNA here or on the switch car . and that , as they say , be the end of that . this be the ' not fuck around 's gang . so , get I something that look like a print so I can shake they tree . ' Cause the not fuck around thing can go both way . ext . construction site - day several police officer be wave over to Doug , who jog up to they , carry he hard hat . he nod at they , expect this , and head with they to they car . int . police station , digital photo - day jem have he photo take , do it a million time . int . cruiser - moment later Doug sit handcuff in the back , look out over the front onto the road . doug ( to the officer drive ) ( more ) ( continued ) 69 . continued : doug ( cont 'd ) you might not want to take storrow drive unless you be gonna light up you roof . int . police station , line up - day gloansy , who have be arrest for car theft since he be eleven , be accustom to this process and take the piss a bit . gloansy the top part again or the whole thing ? ( beat ) yellin 's loud like I have a gun ? messenger !!! do not fuck around ! something garble be say off screen , gloansey respond . gloansy ( cont ’d ) I know , but I be tryin' to put it in my own word so it sound better . what 's a messenger ? ( beat ) be they robbin 's bike messenger ? ten speed ? I be playin’ . int . interrogation room - day Doug and dino enter . dino wave at Doug to have a seat . there be a seat and three chair . dino have a seat , son . doug thanks . dino I know you father . doug I , too . dino get a few year leave on he bid . Doug opt not to reply , know where this routine go . dino ( cont 'd ) I hear they get to the old guy last year . Split he up the back . '' p ( more ) p ( continued ) continued : dino smile ! Doug be op 70 . dino ( cont ’d ) you would think they have go after a young kid . makin 's a statement I guess . charlestown crew be not what it use to be . maybe you can change that when you be up there . 's in he eye , tweak he head . dino ( cont 'd ) you know we pull a print off the van , right ? aque . doug let I ask you something . let 's say someone be around a group of people , just by chance . so naturally , because they associate with he , he have personal information about that people . work , neighborhood , whatever . now let 's say that person give that information to the police for money . what do you call he ? a rat . now let say that person have a badge , what do you call he ? ( beat point at dino ) dino . dino the dego from somerville . the cop need to know who have a abortion , who get throw out by they aunt . Big D . but let I ask you somethin’ , dino , the neighborhood expert , when you friend here decide to get serious and go on the big operation , how come they always put you in the back seat ? the door open and frawley enter . he walk over to dino and stand beside where he be sit , across from Doug . frawley do you know what they teach we at the academy , Mr. macray ? ( no response ) during interrogation , always begin treat the subject kindly so as to win he trust , the logic be that you can always turn ugly later but its very difficult to start off unsympathetic and later become a ' trust figure . 's ( continued ) 71 . continued : ( 2 ) frawley take a large file , conspicuously label macray and put it on the table between they . frawley ( cont 'd ) even in light of that , Doug , I gotta tell you , I think you be a shithead . he point to photo on the wall of the armored car that be rob . frawley ( cont 'd ) and you fuck up -- look at I , asshole . you fuck up . you do not roll a star market in malden for box of quarter roll . you hit a a car in the North end with aks and body armor and leave .762 round in the fuck street of Boston ! he regains he composure a bit . frawley ( cont 'd ) 400 Bank robbery a year in this city and guess what want number you be , toolbox ? he hold up he index finger . number '' one . '' frawley ( cont 'd ) congratulation , I bet you have never be number one at anything in you life . well , it ’1ll be short live because now you be threaten my job and my friend 's job and you have jeopardize thing like dollar appropriate to we division -- matter so far beyond the extraordinarily limited scope of you townie , douchebag mind that I seriously question the wisdom of even bring it up . but I do want to say this so we be both very , very clear : because sometimes , in this circumstance , various party bandy about the possibility of sentence reduction in exchange for cooperation , testimony or otherwise assist the prosecution . he lean over the table and look Doug right in the eye . ( continued ) 72 . continued : ( 3 ) a moment . frawley ( cont 'd ) not this time . you be here today so I could tell you personally that you be go to die in federal prison . and so be all you friend . no deal . no compromise . so when you start try to stab each other in the back -- and you will -- I know you have a pitiable , misguide , irish ' omerta 's but in the end you will cry and beg - - you always do -- and when that day come ... I just want you to know , its gonna be I who tell you to go fuck yourself . this sink in . doug I think it would be the federal prosecutor tell I to go fuck myself . frawley smile . doug ( cont ’d ) I be glad you come in here because this room smell like piss and you be wear a nice cologne . they all look at each other . and he be they rise . dino get the fuck out of here . doug all right take it easy guy . ( exite ) good luck with that print . go . dino so , what kind of tree do we shake ? frawley a fuckhead tree . we be gonna see if any little fuckhead fall off . dino I and my mom use to go fuckhead pick when I be a boy . ( continued ) 73 . continued : ( 4 ) frawley I do not know about Mrs. ciampa but you be gonna get to relive that experience because I get surveillance pick he up when he walk out the door . ext . copely plaza mall , food court - evening early evening crowd , Doug and Claire walk hand - in - hand . they come towards the food court . doug hey I want to show you something . I want to wait for the right time but I be gonna abandon that and go with the food court . claire okay , what be we abandon and do ? doug I get you something . Doug reach into he pocket and produce a BOX . he open it and reveal a diamond pendant necklace . doug ( cont ’d ) this be for you , because you make I happy and I do not know how to thank you except to buy you something . I know that make I shallow but I hope you can see past that and try to forgive I . Claire look at the diamond , amaze and stunne and a little overwhelm . claire I 'il work on it . ext . trinity church plaza - day sitting on a bench . she be admire she diamond . claire Doug , I can not take this . doug I guess you could hock it , but I be not take it back . ( continued ) 74 . continued : claire how can you afford this ? doug I have a job , Claire . I put away some money . claire ( look up at he ) I quit my job today . doug really , what be you go to do ? she tuck she diamond away . claire teach maybe . volunteer more . doug what if I tell you I be think about quit my job ? she look up at he and smile , think he be say this out of misguide sympathy . claire then I guess I will have company . doug how many people do you know who have change they life ? claire not very many . doug I be gonna change mine . she recognize that he be serious . doug ( cont ’d ) why do not you do it with I . take the money we have . quit we job .. she look at he . doug ( cont ’d ) why not ? claire where would we go ? doug wherever we want . ( continued ) 75 . continued : ( 2 ) she look away , seem bother , distract by something . claire do you know that newspaper , the town ? Doug be throw for a second . doug the giveaway paper ? yeah ? claire they keep put it in the foyer of my building and it just pile up . I be recycle it the other day and I see this face in it I recognize but I be not sure from where and then I realize , it be the guy who try to mug I . doug really ? claire yeah . it be a article about how he have be rob and someone shot he . she just hold Doug 's look . she could know something . it could be he imagination . doug they say who do it ? claire no . the Police say they he be too terrify of they -- local gangster apparently . doug should not have be deal drug . claire what make you say he be deal drug ? a beat ... doug what else would he be get rob for ? I grow up here , believe I . ( beat ) be I right ? ( continued ) 76 . continued : ( 3 ) claire yeah , you be right . doug okay . trust I , they have , he get what be come to he . claire he do ? doug he hurt you , would have hurt you worse - if someone have not come out . he get what he have come . law of the universe . that 's karma . claire I do not think karma work that way . ext . mci cedar junction correctional facility - day the monster maximum security facility . Guards , fence , gun , steel . the whole ominous thing . Visitors parade in and be searched . int . mci cedar junction ( walpole ) visitors area - day Doug be opposite he father ( 70 ) . a shrunken man , who wear a prison jumpsuit and sit opposite Doug . doug's father I could tell there 's something wrong with you , what 's the fuckin’ problem ? Doug ignore this . doug just come up to say . Drop off you dirty book . doug's father yeah . you get in here you will not be a fuckin’ smart - ass about it doug ( beat ) thinkin 's about goin’ dark . takin 's a trip . doug's father takin 's heat ? ( continued ) 77 . continued : doug make a change . doug's father ( contemptuous ) do not tell I '' makin 's a change . '' either you get heat or you do not . ( on to he ) I hear a bread truck get drop . doug yeah ? I do not hear about it . doug's father read the paper . a guard call out . guard thats it ! wrap it up . doug ( rise ) all right , dad ... doug's father I get something to say . this stop Doug as he be put on he coat doug's father ( cont ’d ) do you remember when you mother leave ? there be a beat , Doug realize he father be wait for a answer . doug ( sardonic ) if I think back on it . doug's father I never see a kid cry so hard . you start throwin’ up . I tell you if you look hard enough she might come back . try to make it better for you . then you turn around and carry that like it be you fault . it be not . there 's nothin’ wrong with you -- and there 's nothin’ wrong with I . there be something wrong with you mother . plenty . ( beat ) that 's the last thing I owe you . ( more ) ( continued ) 78 . continued : ( 2 ) doug 's father ( cont 'd ) see you next time , ( tap visitor glass ) this side or the other . a con 's leathery grin . int . frawley 's office - day frawley be at he desk look at the internet . dino enter . dino hey frawl . frawley ( not look at he ) yeah . dino just get off with surveillance - earlier this afternoon macray -- ( start laugh ) you be gonna hate this . now frawley look up . ext . mishuam housing project rooftop - sunset Doug , gloansy and dez come up a stairwell and out onto a rooftop , they look around , jem be wait for they . gloansy do the four of we need to be come up here right now ? jem it come in . doug what come in ? jem the florist . come through . doug oh Jesus . be you fuck kid I ? Doug turn away , walk toward the ledge . jem this be large . ( continued ) continued : 79 . doug we be smoke . punt it . jem it 's time sensitive . doug sell it . jem tell I who can buy it out there right now ? doug should have think about that before you break the gardner off for twenty dime . dez and gloansy watch like a tennis match . finally : gloansy duggy , they be on we before this one and we get by ... doug oh , now you , too ? jem we be robbin 's motherfucker . do you understand that ? boostin 's people . bank . there 's be not no time out in this shit . doug do you want to get catch ? you be fuckin’ up . the hostage be a bad play . jem I be fuckin up ? doug -- tune up the assistant manager . jem he hit the bell . doug no he do not . jem '' no he do not . '' yes he fuckin’ do ! ( continued ) 80 . continued : ( 2 ) doug she do ! a moment of quiet . Doug look to jem , its all out there , now . gloansy how do you know , duggy ? doug she tell I . jem he 's be fuckin’ that cooze from the kenmore job . oh , wait -- but I be the one who want to get catch . dez ( stunne ) how long , duggy ? doug she do not know anything . gloansy Christ , duggy -- she better not . doug listen , she do not know anything , I be tell you straight . I be out . okay . I be do . I consider we lucky to be where we be . jem that 's not the way fergie see it . doug I do not give a fuck how fergie see it . jem you should . he set this aside for we and now that 's the expectation . doug you know something jem ? this conversation 's over . I will adjust he expectation . you adjust yours . jem be that right ? doug I be gonna talk to he . ( continued ) 81 . continued : ( 3 ) Doug start to walk away . jem get back here . Doug continue . jem ( cont 'd ) oh you be gonna walk away now , little a little bitch ? Doug turn back . doug do you need to have everything explain to you ? it 's finish . ( be this it ? ) do you think I be gonna be with you sister for the rest of my life ? ( deeper ) I be not the father , jem , you know that , right ? no one say anything . doug ( cont ’d ) I do not know who be , but there be not enough free clinic in matapan to find out . jem swing at doug , who be quick enough where he only take half the impact . he grab jem by the shirt and they go at it , trading punch , vicious and quick . gloansy try to break it up but have to back off . jem come loose and trip , fall toward the edge of the roof . he land and nearly fall over the edge . Doug come toward he . jem raise he hand as if to say '' enough . '' jem dougie . wait . Doug slow . jem sucker punch Doug , send he back . he land on top of he , throw more punch . Doug pull he shirt over he head , tie up jem 's hand and put the other hand around he neck -- hold he there . both out of breath and bloody . doug I be do . Doug get up and head for the stair . 82 . ext./ int . claire 's door - day frawley enter , hold a manila envelope . frawley Ms. keesey , thanks for see I . May I come in ? claire ( strike by this odd formality ) yes , come in . frawley I do not realize you would leave you job at the bank . he move past she , down the hallway into the live room . claire last week , yes . his eye spark to a tiffany jewelry case on the table . he take out the diamond necklace like a jilted lover . claire ( cont 'd ) that -- it be a gift . frawley from the piano mover ? she do not answer . he set it down , exhales . frawley ( cont 'd ) I need to talk to you , Claire . claire agent frawley , I try to be clear about this . I be see someone . frawley the furniture mover . claire he be not a furniture mover . frawley no , he be not . claire I be not interested in pursue this with you any further . I appreciate what you have do -- ( continued ) 83 . continued : frawley I be not interested in pursue anything with you , either . claire maybe you should leave . frawley you ask I to keep you apprise of the investigation . we have we prime suspect . frawley hold up the envelope . frawley ( cont 'd ) I come here to share that with you . or I can certainly leave if that 's what you have like . he take she silence as indication of consent and start go through the mug shot . frawley ( cont 'd ) Alfred macgloan ... desmond elden ... lesser figure . he set that aside . frawley ( cont 'd ) James coughlin we think assault the assistant manager . he turn the paper over , revealing jem 's photo . frawley ( cont 'd ) the one be the architect , the bank job , the North end , and at least three other armed car robbery . he hold a beat , he look on she . turn over the mug shot revealing a old mug shot of doug . frawley ( cont 'd ) Douglas Sean macray . look familiar ? on Claire . ( continued ) continued : int . flori 84 . ( 2 ) frawley ( cont 'd ) I personally do not think you be anything but completely take advantage of , Claire , but you open the safe , he leave you unharme , and you be now carry on a relationship with he about which you lie to the FBI . ( beat ) you can see how someone might have a less forgive interpretation . you friend be right . you should get a lawyer . ST 's shop - evening fregus move through the small shop spraying flower . his bodyguard read a newspaper on a small stool . Doug enter and they both look up . doug fergie. ( to bodyguard ) do not get up . half smile . doug ( cont ’d ) I just want to come tell you myself , you be go to have to find someone else . fergie I would love to , son , believe I , but the only qualified people besides yourself be currently incarcerate . doug whatever you get my guy can handle it without I . fergie I would not hire they without you and I would not hire you without they . doug with respect , I do not come here for a debate . I be not doin’ it . so work it out best you can . he reach in he pocket . rusty start to stand . ( continued ) 85 . continued : doug ( cont ’d ) calm down . ( take out envelope ) this go against my better judgement but -. a beat . he put the money on the table . fergie pick it up , open it , look inside , close it and look back at Doug . fergie not gonna cut it . doug beg you pardon ? fergie nothin 's compare with what I lose if this do not get do . you be gonna do what I ask . doug who do you think you be ? the only guy in charlestown with a gun ? you run number and pump dope . good for you . you be a old man with a fuck up face who do not know he glory year be behind he . I be not workin’ for ya . ( to bodyguard ) fuck the both of you . if you have a problem with that I live at one sixteen pearl street . stop by any time . you know where to find I . he grunt a little smile out , place flower in a jar . fergie ( plainly ) you be gonna do this for I or I be gonna clip you nut like I clipped you father 's . Doug stiffen a bit . doug do not bring up my father . fergie Son . Son . I know you father . he work for I for year . year . he start like you , want he own thing so I have to cut he nut for he . do not make I cut yours . ( continued ) 86 . continued : ( 2 ) Doug hold fergie 's look . fergie ( cont 'd ) you play the horse ? fergie 's accent make it sound like '' huss . '' fergie ( cont 'd ) never bet a stallion . you can only count on a geld . when they cut ball off the horse they either cut ‘em , or they use chemical , take ‘em over time . ( beat ) when you father say no to I I geld he the chemical way -- strung you mother out on dope . take what he love . but you mother see it clearer than he do . doped up and hang herself up with a wire down on melnea Cass . fergie look at Doug , who have not move . fergie ( cont ’d ) all they flier you pass out when you be little - lookin 's for you mother . he never have the heart to tell he son he be lookin’ for a suicide doper , who be not never comin’ home . ask he next time you be up there , if he wish he make the smart play now . angle on Doug : impassive , dark . florist I do what I have to do . I hear you get a nice girlfriend . Bank teller . I do not want to have to send she funeral arrangement to you house , son . but I will if I have to . ( beat ) since I know where to find you . fergie smile at Doug , skeletal bad tooth . ext . monument square - afternoon Doug come down the street in a hurry . he turn the corner and stop in front of Claire 's door . he be frozen by something off camera . ( continued ) 87 . continued : a funeral arrangement rest against Claire 's door . there be no name on it , just she address , 321 monument ave . we recognize this as a brand from the florist . Doug 's heart drop . he ring she buzzer . she do not answer . he pound the door . no answer . he hurl he body into the door - smashing it . it come partially loose . doug claire ! ! he kick the door again , twice . it smashes OPEN . he run up . int . claire 's apartment - continuous Doug come run up the stair , breathe heavy , slow as he reach the top of the stair . he take he handgun from he waist and hold it low in he right hand . doug Claire ? ( beat ) it 's I . he move the through the apartment with stealth . through the front live area , to a dining / kitchen , then through a ' guest / de 's and ultimately into the bedroom . Doug stands in the bedroom , sense something , not sure what it be . he move to the bathroom , see the door slightly ajar and a shadow on the floor . he push it OPEN slowly . we reveal : claire , sitting on the floor , she 's be cry . Doug quickly stick the gun away and move toward she . she pull away . claire get out . doug Claire ... claire I know who you be , Doug . ( continued ) 88 . continued : doug hold on a second . she indicate she cell phone . claire I have this on 911 . Doug move very slowly . he ease himself across from she . doug I do not know what they tell you . okay ? but why do not you give I a chance to tell you . claire you have a chance . doug who talk to you ? claire the FBI Doug -- doug okay , just listen to I -- the robbery , whatever , that 's true - she be shaking despite herself doug ( cont 'd ) but I be the same person you know . claire everything you tell I be a lie . doug I never lie to you . claire you hurt people . doug I do not want to hurt anybody -- she move into anger . claire you be a criminal Doug . you try to manipulate I and make I feel sorry for you - doug sorry for I ? ( continued ) continued : 89 . ( 2 ) claire you want to know why people think you be trash Doug ? because you be . doug Claire . claire you go to fucking hell ! anger , turn brittle , break and tear start . she presse Doug back energy . claire ( cont 'd ) why do you do this to I ? doug I be go to tell you . I want to tell you that night . claire the night you fuck I ? be that you thing ? it 's not enough to terrorize someone you have to fuck they , too ? doug Claire . calm down . claire never , never let I see you again . doug listen to I . claire get out . 's send on her 911 call . claire ( cont 'd ) get out ! out , propel by the sheer force of she ext . under tobin bridge - sunset Doug watch the car rumble overhead , drink a 6 pack . he lob beer down the hill that land crash below . he line up some bottle , walk away and shoot they . 90 . int . florist - evening Doug stand in the door face the florist rusty . doug I be in . but if anything happen to she , by the two of you or anyone else or if I get worried something might happen to she I be gonna come back here and kill both of you in you own shop . ( beat ) all right ? angle on rusty and the florist , unmove . int . coughlin house - krista 's door - evening Doug 's knock bring krista to the door in a tank shirt , nylon pants , and tweety slipper . she straighten , surprised . doug I be hungry . krista come on in then . int . krista 's parlor - moment later shyne be confine to she sticky high chair , shredd string cheese into white thread . krista ( indicate shyne ) you want I to put she away ? .»+. so they can have sex in private . doug no , its okay . she move off into the kitchen . doug ( cont ’d ) I be go away . the microwave open and shut in the adjoin kitchen . krista ( 0.s. ) you in some kind of trouble ? ( continued ) 91 . continued : doug how it be . krista ( 0.s. ) when you come back ? Doug do not answer . krista ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) jem know ? she enter , set down a plate of Chicken a la king in front of he and a child 's knife and fork . doug I tell he . he do not want to hear it . he ask I to do one last thing for he . so I be gonna do it . ( beat ) could you tell he that for I ? krista look at he for a long moment ... int . town flowers - walk - in cooler - day Doug , jem , gloansy and dez sit on fold chair by a walk - in cooler . fergie speak . fergie now , there 's a fella , on the inside . he like to play the pony from time to time . can not pick a fuckin’ horse to save he life . now he get a red figure with I . I get this : ( hold envelope ) Security chart , good for one day . diagram when the cash get bring out from the safe , pack , then hold for ten minute by security before the truck get there . that 's when you hit it . ( beat , hand out ) for that that be good in school : hundred ten thousand beer at seven buck a pop . sixty thousand dog at five a shot . forty thousand sausage , plus paraphanelia , plus restaurant -- three day cash take : ( beat ) one point nine million dollar . murmur , reaction . ( continued ) 92 . continued : fergie ( cont 'd ) take down the cathedral of Boston ? priceless . rusty laugh . fergie think the mastercard joke be funnier than hell . Doug stare . the guy gather round the chart . we see a fenway park seating chart . ext . the florist shop - moment later Doug , jem , gloansy and dez come out . Doug turn to jem . doug this be go to be a motherfucker , you know that . jem if they be easy , kid , everyone would do they . the tension between they begin to ease . doug how long ' till rusty find the inside man after the job ? jem he should have pick better horse . int . the tap —- downstair - evening krista sit at the bar and we see frawley be watch she . he come over and sit next to she . frawley seem like we be have a bit of a stare contest over there . ( he get she a drink ) funny story , one night at a bar , this guy be go around tell lady he be judge a hugging Contest , and most of the time , they fall for it . he would hold they and rub they back , I finally get sick of it , and I tell he I be judge a face -punch Contest . krista I would punch he myself . he toast she he Bud , then drain it . ( continued ) 93 . continued : frawley oh , by the way , I be here tonight judge a Fucking Contest . she smile , frawley drop another twenty on the bar . the drink come quickly . krista what be you do down here ? slum ? frawley try to do my job . krista oh , right . the Fucking Contest . frawley basically correct . I work for the FBI . krista throw she head back and laugh , warming to he . krista that 's the first laugh I have ina month . frawley you and Doug macray use to run around , right ? krista how you know duggy ? frawley we sorta work together . krista demolition . frawley nooooo . he pull out five more twenties . frawley ( cont 'd ) you a pretty decent judge of size ? krista depend . size of what ? he hold up one of the twenty . frawley how big would you say this be ? ( continued ) continued : 94 , ( 2 ) krista smaller than a hundred . frawley six inch ? over or under . krista under . frawley wrong . six point one four inch exactly . now the width . girth . some claim it 's more important . give a guess . she just look at he . she 's hear . frawley ( cont 'd ) two point six one inch . I know everything there be to know about money . thickness ? Point oh oh four three inch . not much to excite you there . Weight ? about one gram . that make a twenty almost worth its weight in , say ... oxy . ing he now -- eye wide open . frawley ( cont 'd ) so how 's it work ? bartender take a call , give you a address ? you pick up a package at Point a , deliver it to Point B , and for that the florist pay you a c. ( beat ) you be think about walk out on I . see , it 's not that simple . I start wave this around . ( show badge ) .».. bad for you . krista I want a lawyer . frawley good , get one . this be about protect yourself . not even yourself . you daughter . krista do not fuckin’ talk about my daughter . ( continued ) continued : 95 . ( 3 ) frawley how long be you with macray ? krista all my life . frawley and in all that year you be together -- how many diamond necklace he buy you from Tiffany ? ext . charlestown garden - day Doug head through the nearby garden to Claire 's plot . there she be . Claire turn when the gate latch click , she bare limb glow in the afternoon sun , she see he doug just let I say something . she just look at he . doug ( cont 'd ) you know who I be . you always have . claire if I know who you be I would have call the police as soon as I see you in the laundromat . doug imagine there be no robbery . then what ? we would be the same people . she can not do this . claire you have to go away , Doug . doug if you want I to go away ? all you need to do be call the police and tell they that we will be set up at the Howard Johnson on yawkey way in room 224 in two day . claire what ? doug on Monday we be go to rob the cash room at Fenway Park . ( continued ) 96 . continued : now he have completely expose himself . doug ( cont ’d ) so I guess I 'il either end up in walpole - or I will end up with you . claire why be you tell I this ? ( angrier ) why be you do this to I ? doug I be gonna change my life , Claire . ( beat ) I want it to be with you . a horsen snort interrupt . a mounted policeman trot on the path toward they . Claire 's eye dampen , and she face he . claire Doug -- he cut she off . doug come with I . I will not leave you , I will not hurt you and I will never lie to you again . int . jem 's house - day jem be clean the weapon and ammunition on a table in a basement room . Doug come downstairs . jem do not immediately acknowledge he . Doug look at the several automatic and semi-automatic assault weapon . doug ( be : gun ) you gotta love New Hampshire . jem keep clean . jem uniform set ? doug yup . vest , plate . ( continued ) continued : jem snort 97 . jem Heard you be think about leave . doug if this go right , might be you time to step away , too . jem what be I gonna do ? go down to margaritaville , drink up half a yard , come back in five year ? ( beat ) this be who we be . doug thing change , man . nothing wrong with it . jem depend what kind of change . doug we have a good run , Jimmy . by any standard . jem we set the standard . doug the florist -- kid , he will keep turn you out till you get bounce for good . jem just so we be clear . we get hemmed in tomorrow - you will not see my hand in the air . I expect to see no one else 's either ... int . howard johnson HOTEL - room 224 - afternoon / night Doug open a curtain revealing a view of Fenway Park . he check the message light on the phone , pick up the receiver , make sure the phone be work . HOTEL room bathroom - later Doug 's in the shower , stand under its heat . thinks he hear knocking . he shut off the water and listen . 98 . HOTEL room - continuous action wearing only a towel , Doug throw open the door . a woman three door down turn fast to the sound . it 's krista , not Claire , with shyne 's dead weight on she hip . Doug do not move . krista come up , look past he into the room . krista get any juice ? she hold up shyne 's empty bottle . krista ( cont ’d ) dez tell I you be here . doug what do you want , kris ? he throw on he pants . krista to see you before you go . krista sit on the edge of the bed . doug you can not stay . krista I do not want to stay . I want to go ... with you . Doug stiffen -- look away . krista ( cont ’d ) I want to change , too , duggy . why can not I change ? I could be a different person . ( beat ) I have be so fuck patient all this year -- always thinkin’ my time be come . my whole life - I mean , have not I be loyal ? doug it 's not about loyalty , krista . krista tell I what it 's about , then , and I nil do it . I ’1l1 do whatever you want I to do . I know you think I can not make you happy , but it 's not true . I can . ( continued ) 99 , continued : Doug watch shyne flash blue-green in the tv light , casting a small shadow . krista release he , hurt . krista ( cont ’d ) you can not wait for I to go , can you . doug I be leave with somebody else . she look around the room . krista why be not she here then , if she 's go with you ? such a trashy little fuck pad . after a Tiffany necklace , I have have think a room at the ritz . doug what do you say ? who tell you ? krista a little bird . he grab she , he anger elicite a fierce smile from she . he shake she , but can not shake away that smile . krista ( cont ’d ) you always do like it rough . doug what do you know about a necklace ? he grab her by the neck and slam her into the wall . krista I know you have rather see a rope around my neck . doug it 's not a fuckin 's joke ! who told you ? Doug see shyne in he periphery . he release krista and scoops up shyne and she doll , the child 's eye never leave the tv screen . krista take I with you . i’1l go to hell for you . he march to the door with shyne under he arm . ( continued ) 100 . continued : ( 2 ) Doug open the door and set shyne down gently on the hall floor . he step back into the room , face krista . krista ( cont ’d ) we be come with you . doug you be get out of here . he start to resolutely move she . krista do not say no to I . you better think about what you be doin’ . he grab she arm . she fight he -- krista ( cont 'd ) no ! -- pounding he chest , push she nail into he windpipe , Doug maneuver she toward the door . she shake free of he grip and walk the few remain step out into the hallway herself . krista ( cont ’d ) you do not know what you just - Doug slam the door on she , throw the lock . he wait . expecting bang , scream -- but there 's nothing . when he look through the spyglass , she be go . ext . boston street - morning rain . frawley be crossing the street , listen to the cell , try to shovel egg in he mouth and keep the one in the box from get wet . frawley go ahead , I can hear you . sergeant ( phone ) agent frawley ? we get a dwi here , one - car in the c-town navy yard . ext . charlestown navy yard - dry dock - continuous action cruiser surround a accident : Doug 's truck demolish against a old anchor on the dry dock , hood steaming . ( continued ) 101 . continued : sergeant ( v.o. ) coughlin , kristina . have a kid with she . Little girl 's fine , but the mother be bang up -- int . howard johnson HOTEL room 224 - same Doug , jem , dez and gloansy all prepare for the job . they be dressed as cop and load weapon into duffel bag . Doug check the door and crack the blind slightly to look out . jem will you quit fuckin’ doin’ that . you be makin 's I nervous . there 's no one at hojo 's . shit . Doug ignore he and go back to load bag . int . Mass general - er - twenty minute later frawley walk in squeaking wet shoe , show he cred -- then walk to one of the curtain bay . int . er BAY krista sit in the padded visitor 's chair , gauze wrap around she forehead , a bright red bloom over she eye . blood spatter she shirt and jeans . krista here he be . six inch . the sergeant poke he head in , nod to frawley , leave . frawley what happen ? krista you be in the FBI . figure it the fuck out . frawley glance at the empty car seat in the corner , crumb-dust and milk -stain . krista see he look . krista ( cont 'd ) no , she be not hurt . nota scratch . ( continued ) 102 . continued : frawley you could be look at mother of the Year . krista what do you know what I go through ? fuckin 's barney . I be doin’ my best . do you know my life ? frawley you daughter 's in the back seat of a state van , be drive by a stranger to the Department of Social service . how long you want to talk here ? krista stare , eye dampen . frawley hold he glare . frawley ( cont 'd ) maybe you want a lawyer , not FBI . she look crestfallen as he make to leave . krista why be it I be always the one who get use ? frawley you be go to need a plea agreement -- if you want any chance to retain custody . she look up fast , she eye blink wet . krista I want you guarantee . frawley I never say guarantee . krista you say -- frawley I say I could try . if that 's not enough , maybe you brother can help . maybe ' Doug 's can do something ? ( smartass ) fergie have social service juice ? her eye spark to the last name . frawley ( cont 'd ) I be kid . ( continued ) 103 . continued : ( 2 ) nothing in she low - eye look be tell -- except its duration . frawley ( cont 'd ) oh , Jesus . you and the florist ? the list of suspect just narrow to one . frawley ( cont 'd ) ( to self ) mercy . krista 's chin tremble . a hard woman crumble be a awful thing to watch . krista why you have to lean on I so hard ? frawley you call I . what do you have ? krista duggy 's go away after . with she . frawley be stunne . then start piece it together . frawley wait , what after ? after what ? krista stare at the ground . frawley zeroe in . frawley ( cont 'd ) you need to be smart krista . this be a big moment for shyne . this can make the difference for she . she look away , she jaw quivering . krista ( break down ) she 's retarded . she 's go to need thing . special school . for she I be do this . it 's not I . not for I . ext . howard johnson HOTEL room 224 , balcony - same the four cop emerge with they gear . Doug look around , all direction . she do not come - but she do not dime . 104 . int . thunderbird ( landsdowne ST . ) - noon four cop sit in a park thunderbird . gloansy at the wheel , dez beside he , Doug and jem in back : all wear cop uniform . on the radio , a reporter be in hysterics over traffic tie-up . nervous anticipation be thick inside the car . weei radio ... tie up on the expressway , the pike ... Doug stare out the window . he glance at he watch . doug let 's go . ext . thunderbird ( landsdowne ST . ) - continuous action the two rear door open simultaneously as Doug and jem exit . gloansy and dez remain in the car . Doug and jem start toward a entrance under the green monster . ext . landsdowne ST . - continuous steadicam , Doug and jem through the crowd , around the ballpark , into the entrance . ext./ int . landsdowne ST . entrance - continuous action jem bang hard on a bank of exit only door . we stay with they in steadicam real time . the door open revealing the inside man ( 55 ) . he be the park head of maintenance . his izod shirt be tuck in over he belly . he sport a gold pinky ring and the tan from he most recent trip to bet Jai alai in Florida have yet to fade . he eye they with deep regret , not a bad man-- just a guy with a sickness who could not get out from under . inside man Officer . jem yeah , let 's go . Doug hold he look as he pass : the face of a dead man . the Inside man lead they through the door and onto a open metal staircase . they go down one flight . ( continued ) 105 . continued : as we camera counter , we reveal a open maintenance door the size of a truck that open out on to left field and the GREEN monster scoreboard . it be odd to be so close , the field almost unnaturally green . worker mill around , no one give they a second look . the Inside man lead they into he office , a menagerie of lawn tool , odd and end -- and gesture toward a small door in the back . they step through the door and find themselves in a cavernous area underneath the seat . the Inside man indicate that this where they 'il part way . jem and Doug continue and be able to walk , unobserve all the way around the park and into the rear tunnel . since that would take too long to do in real time we CUT to : int . underneath seat - moment later jem and Doug proceed to a unmarked door . they move through it . it lead into the security tunnel . they down the tunnel . int . tunnel outside cash room - continuous action now they see the guard in the middle of the tunnel , preventing they from getting any farther . two armed security personnel in blue shirt stand talk to a younger security guard , eric in a red shirt . Doug start at they , he voice booming inside the tunnel . doug who call 911 ? the Guards peer down the long tunnel . jem 's hand be on he waist . jem be it you who call ? the Red shirt ( eric ) come hustling up -- young and jittery . jem ( cont 'd ) 911 call we get . ( continued ) 106 . continued : eric I do not ... it be not ... jem robbery call . who else be here ? eric robbery ? doug call say you be be hold up . right now . the concerned Guards put they hand on they holster . jem we get a distress call ! who make the call ? the Guards step into the far end of the tunnel . guard # 1 no call from we . jem guard # 1 ( closer ) ( raise one hand ) who call it ? hold on . where 's Mike ? jem guard # 2 id ! let 's see some id ! hold on , hold it , now . Guard # 1 drop down into a protective crouch . jem doug whoa , whoa ! do not do that . Doug push Eric flat to the ground . doug everybody on the ground now . jem doug for we safety ! I want id get down ! from everybody . guard # 2 wait , hey ! jem on the floor ! panicky Guard # 1 pull the sidearm from he holster . doug gun! gun! ( continued ) 107 . continued : ( 2 ) jem Drop you weapon ! put it down now ! both Doug and jem draw and AIM . guard # 2 jem we do not call ! stop resisting ! get down ! cursing , Guard # 1 yield , lie on he belly , arm out . jem approach , step on he wrist . Guard # 2 relent . Doug hustle to jem 's side , quickly bind they hand with plastic tie and take they radio . doug and jem pull mask up from inside there collar , only they eye be expose . guard # 1 ( look of terror ) I do not want no trouble . Doug grab Guard # 1 . check watch , look to jem . doug we get fifteen minute until they bring the cash out of the safe and pack it up for the truck . jem be stare at guard # 1 . who be doubled over in pain . jem ( to Guard # 1 ) Christ . be you gonna shit ? int . bathroom —- moment later Doug be outside a open stall . Guard # 1 have he trousers down and hug he bare knee . jem at the open door . jem Ho ! armed robbery enema . int . fenway park , outside money room - 15 min later jem watch over Guard # 1 and the other while Doug approach the money room , it have a steel door and concrete wall . there be a smoke glass window . he have Guard # 1 . Doug call loudly to the security guy inside the cash room that cannot be see but that can hear he . doug Arnold washton ! in the cash room . you get a wife , Linda . ( more ) ( continued ) 108 . continued : doug ( cont 'd ) you live at 311 hazer Street , quincy -- with three small dog . Guard # 1 look surprised . doug ( cont ’d ) also in the cash room : Morton harford , 27 count Lane , Livingston arm , randolph -- wife also Linda . Arnold , the linda want you to open this door . nothing from the cash room . doug ( cont ’d ) ( to Guard # 1 , quiet ) so much for marriage . ( to the door , loud ) Arnold , you will not always be behind a steel door . we know where you live , we will come and find you and when we do , you will fuckin’ hate that . clack go the cash room door , open . int . cash room - moment later valhalla -- big brick of cash - count machine . Doug and jem pull out all the cash . arnold and morton be zip tie . jem dump off two heavy rack of coin , the roll bursting nickel and dime to the floor . jem toss cash parcel at Doug who bag they . money load on a dolly , they set to roll out . jem and Doug look at each other , load up with a huge bag of money . int . fenway park , outside money room - continuous jem and doug take : two hostage and a dolly of money they head toward the light at the end of the tunnel . Arnold be one of that guy who start talk when he get scared . ( continued ) 109 . continued : arnold listen , no money 's worth - doug -- that 's fine , Arnold . all be over in a minute . Long beat as they roll down the hallway . arnold ( to Doug ) that 's two million dollar right there . doug there 's only one smart thing my father ever tell I , arnie : anyone can grab money . it 's the getaway -- separate the pro from the con . int . truck delivery BAY - moment later the armore truck have arrive . there be three bay where truck can pull in and off - load they goods into the warehouse like room . the armored truck be in BAY one . bay two and three be close with a metal grate . Doug see the driver of the armored car be a wo -- frizzy - haire , startle . she sees they , too ! she fumble the key in the ignition , starting up the truck . the lock reset ; the rooftop beacon spin . tailpipe cough diesel smoke . but the bay door be still close -- she 's get nowhere to go . Driver begin talk fast into the handset of a ceiling - mount radio . guard # 1 asshole fuck up . Sandy 's lock in there . she 's call five - oh . Doug produce a walkie-talkie , press the call button . doug ( into walkie- talkie ) do you get the tail car ? dez ( on radio ) ready . all clear out here . ( continued ) 110 . continued : Doug hit the switch on a second bay door , which crawl open . dez , in he cop slicker , enter hold he beretta on the bound tail - car driver Black suburban . the suburban then back inside the bay , trunk end first . gloansy leap out , engine run , take the tail - car Driver from dez and walk he over to the Guard # 1 . Doug make a remark to the tail car driver . doug sit over here , you can go right back to sleep . dez touch the radio wire looped over he ear . dez there it be . call just go out to PD from dispatch . Doug nod calmly -- trot with dez to the idling can . doug ( indicate uniform ) we get here just in time . ext . fenway park - gate a - same time outside the '' 1912 Fenway Park '' facade , frawley open he trunk and put on he nylon FBI vest . he pull he remington 870 twelve - gauge from its sleeve , dino 's Taurus pull up . dino I looped the block . no van around , nothing . frawley maybe we be too early . too late . a blue police camper idle : the entry and apprehension team mobile - Command Center . two pair of eat commandos emerge and approach frawley . frawley indicate the main pedestrian concourse . frawley ( cont 'd ) guy , we have to close off this street . one cop interrupt he . ( continued ) 111 . continued : tac cop Sir , there 's a voice inside , say they have be rob . we be set up there now . frawley start run that way . int . loading dock - day jem and Doug load the money into the follow car . Doug see something shiny over jem 's shoulder . doug look out ! it 's a small mirror on a long pole poke through a crack in the wall . Doug open up , shatter the mirror -- deafening . the pole clatter to the floor . the dock suddenly fill with ricochete fireballs : starflash round . jem fire as they take cover . jem break off he empty mag and reload , cursing . there be another exchange of gunfire . the hostage be yell and scream . gloansy peek out a door . gloansy that 's the fuckin’ swat team ! jem ( quiet ) we get dime . he leap out , spraying gunfire , then lean back in again . three gunshot crack from a different direction . dez 's knee explode and he shriek in agony -- twist and fall . Doug rush to he , drag dez to the rear tire of the can . hostages be yelling . Doug search for the source of the gunshot . dez , white as a ghost -- he knee blow off -- sit in a widen pool of he own blood . then -- more shot , over they head . jem advance , firing on a source of FIRE and back off some of the eat guy . his .762 round blow off piece of eat shield . ( continued ) 112 . continued : Doug hollers , but then see : the shot be come from the gun port inside the truck . the Driver have they pin down . ducking low , Doug see gloansy 's foot on the other side of the can 's wheelbase . he yell he name , but gloansy can not hear he . he rip off he walkie-talkie and slide it under the truck , strike he in the shoe . doug ( to gloansy ) the door ! open the door ! gloansy crawl and hit the plunger -- the bay door rising . jem what be you do ? but Doug be right : the driver panic , jump into the front seat and powering forward , scraping the can against the brick door frame , lurching out onto Van ness . ext . gate D - continuous action frawley watch as the provident truck come out , beacon twirling , surging toward he . other cop rush up , firing - - waste round against the grill and windshield . the truck skid on the wet road , then over - correct , veer toward the sidewalk on yawkey -- and ramming the mobile command unit head - on . the blow be tremendous : the camper buckling and grinding on its rim , tear up asphalt and uproot ornamental tree . cop tumble out of the open end , hurt and crawl away . int . loading dock - continuous action now that the full tactical team be assemble and they know there be armed man fire at they from inside , the fire become a continuous assault . jem and Doug be fire back but they recognize that ultimately they be go to be overwhelm . there will be improvise dialogue to this effect and a lot of shoot from inside the load dock back out to the tactical guy , with jem 's round be the only thing that keep they at bay . gloansy dart to the can and lift dez over he shoulder - - jem empty another magazine as cover . ( continued ) 113 . continued : gloansy throw dez into the suburban , slam the trunk shut , and climb inside . gloansy meet you at the switch ! gloansy get they attention - gloansy ( cont ’d ) I be gettin’ seven to ten . ( to Doug ) you be ten to twenty . ( to jem ) and you be do . ( beat ) they 'il be all over I , they will not know there 's more people in here . you two go back out through the park . ( he smile ) meet I at the switch . this self sacrifice be acknowledge by share look - break off quickly as gunfire come through the door . gloansy head for the follow car . Doug turn and run the length of the cave , hit button on every bay door -- all of they rise . ext . gate D - continuous action the Black suburban shoot out of the second bay door . it start in the opposite direction of the armore car , but approaching cruiser make it cut back in a control skid , racing toward frawley . frawley work the pump action on he shotgun : blam ! -- miss the first shot , spark kick up off the asphalt . he jump the curb , careen into the park thunderbird . several other officer FIRE . gloansy jerk hard to the right and then have to over correct . int . ambulance BAY - continuous action SOUND of gunfire and a crash from outside one empty duffel remain on the floor by the cart . jem move to it , stuffing it with cash . jem fuckin 's gloansy ... ( continued ) 114 . continued : doug the fuck be you do ? leave it ! jem how the fuck do this happen ? jem raise the tec -9 . Doug back off . jem can taste he guilt . jem ( cont 'd ) do you do this ? jem stare at Doug -- hold the gun on he . jem ( cont 'd ) why ? more siren .-- his eye and gun never leave Doug . Doug open he arm , await jem 's bullet . jem stare at he until ... he gun come down . jem heft the bag and turn and exit back into the park . ext . yawkey way - continuous action siren and flashing blue arrive . in the suburban , gloansy be slump against the blood -streak window and deploy airbag , unmove . dez crumpled to the floor of the passenger seat . the place be swarming with officer . frawley be down on he haunch behind a patrol car , he shotgun on he knee , which be bob and jump with adrenaline . frawley rise , search for dino among the crowd of cop and umbrella -- find he talk to a police captain . frawley where would the patrol car come from ? police captain we get a 911 . distress call from inside the armored . frawley look at the armored truck at the camper wreck . frawley Dean , this guy ... they go around alarm . ( think ) they want the call to go out . ( continued ) 115 . continued : dino what ? he look back up Van ness : a sea of cop . frawley they want police here . int . grandstand concourse - continuous action Doug move back through the tunnel . he open a door the lead he onto a MAIN concourse . he walk up some stair and out a side door . ext . yawkey way - moment later frawley be trolling slowly and see one officer off in the middle distance who do not appear to be engage . frawley him . follow he . ext . van ness —- continuous action Doug cross the street briskly . painful glance at the smashed suburban at the far end of the street . then , ahead of he , he see jem with he duffel -- a man in a FBI vest ( frawley ) trail he . Doug look at freedom -- look back and follow jem . ext . ipswich STREET - continuous action frawley follow jem along a row of park car . frawley Officer ! hold up a minute there , please . jem stop , motionless . when he turn , he turn fire he shoulder - harness tec with a sweeping arm motion . two cop drop a sawhorse and run . frawley spin away -- just in time . jem fire . bystander scatter . jem methodically come after frawley , who scramble back on he haunch . he be shoot to kill frawley rather than escape and if he have not run out of ammunition - he would have . 116 . on doug two other cop run past , one yelling to Doug : cop take the leave flank ! we be gonna sweep up boylston ! he see jem break across the street , bag in one hand , tec - 9 in the other . frawley stalking jem with a shotgun . jem head for a crowded McDonald 's , a panicked , grainy voice scream at he on the drive - thru speaker . on frawley shotgun to he shoulder . he fire wide , hit a stand of free apartment guide in front of jem , stop he and keep he away from the McDonald 's . jem cut back the other way as people stream out of McDonald 's . people be run in all direction . on doug see frawley , panicked , look almost childlike try to pick up and load dirty shell from the gutter . Doug line up a perfect shot at frawley ... Doug tense , wait -- but do not take the shot . on jem holding the money bag as a shield now , he cross the intersection , where more cop lie in wait . a flurry of round peck at he vest , he leg , he shoot arm . jem spit round back . he stagger up the ramp to a osco drug , arrive just as a clerk inside lock the door . jem stutter gunfire , shatter the glass -- until he tec run out of ammo . he throw it to the ground . he produce a beretta and continue firing . frawley return fire , hit jem in the hand . frawley on the ground , FBI . FBI ! jem raise he extra pistol in he bloody hand . frawley squeeze one blast low -- blam ! - and one high . ( continued ) 117 . continued : jem fall back , backpedal until finally he fall off the wet curb and drop hard onto the road , back against a mailbox . frawley ( cont 'd ) coughlin ! throw I you weapon . Doug look back at he . a sea of police officer , skulking behind car , hold weapon . bounce brass , glass and distant siren be the only sound . frawley ( cont 'd ) coughlin ! jem all right ! jem see a discarde mcdonald soda , drop in the panic . jem ( cont 'd ) one second ! he strain to reach for it and finally grasp it , he take a pull from the straw , quenching some deep thirst . close he eye , he put the gun under he chin and fire . the Police now enjoy a burst of courage and begin firing . doug be Pov : jem lie in the middle of the road , cop fire . torn cash blow everywhere . Doug stare out at he friend -- he brother -- dead in the street . something wash over Doug . he look at the beretta in he hand -- then holster it , as he walk away . ext . MAIN STREET ( charlestown ) - thirty minute later Doug walk almost in a trance , kid stare up at the beat cop . he see nothing . it start to rain . ext . town flowers - continuous action Doug stop , look at the storefront window with hatred . 118 . int . town flowers - continuous action the bell ring over the door as he enter . Doug wait a few airless moment -- another funeral arrangement lie in the shop -- like the one for Claire . -- until rusty push through the black curtain behind the counter . he look up eyeing the cop like any customer . then he recognize Doug 's face . Doug indicate that rusty should come , in a hushed , secretive manner . doug be fergie here ? something happen . rusty come to the counter and the second he turn he head , Doug put a gun to it and pull the trigger , kill he instantly . int . florist 's back room - continuous action the back room be empty . Doug enter , come to the center of the room . he see a SMALL door , slightly open , lift he gun . doug ( call out ) fergie , come on out . the door open and fergie come through in he sweatpant , hold a boston herald in one hand and a .45 in the other he stand seven or eight foot from Doug . fergie prick . they start shoot at one another . Rather than sex it up -- the feel should be of watch people shoot one another on surveillance video : wide , detach and oddly pedestrian . Doug have the clear advantage of a vest and after five or six shot fergie buckle and drop to the floor abruptly . Doug walk over to he , unsteady , now realize he have be hit once or twice himself . he replace he empty clip with a new one , chamber a round . he kneel next to fergie who lie on the floor ( now we see blood come from Doug 's neck ) and put he gun in the florist 's crotch . ( continued ) 119 . continued : doug fergie , remember who clipped you nut for you - boom -— ext . yawkey and boylston intersection - ten minute later frawley listen to a cop give he shoot statement to a internal affayr officer , exaggerate he role . cop at that time , I believe the suspect be hold the weapon like so - show a gun hold in front of the chest point skyward . cop ( cont 'd ) to reload , at which point I fire , strike the suspect . I believe at least once in the clavicle ... frawley tune this guy out then a flurry of activity among the cop nearby . a pass cop 's police radio drone : police radio ( v.o. ) «+. repeat , all unit , 529 Main Street , charlestown ... dino and frawley look at each other . frawley that 's the florist . dino hail a pass plainclothes detective he know . dino hey ! Bobby ! detective look like somebody get fergie . frawley step forward into the rain . frawley Jesus Christ , that must be macray . dino slow down , frawl . ( continued ) 120 . continued : frawley ( move ) Claire keesey . int . / ext . claire 's condo - entrance - minute later doorbell ring . through the door glass , Claire see the outline of a policeman . she cautiously open she door . the cop raise he head . Claire see Doug 's face -- and the dirty , bloody hand at he neck . her hand go to she mouth , eye wide . int . claire 's condo - moment later Doug be lowered slowly onto the floor , then we see he be rest on she leg - she be hold he there , try to be careful with he . he be die . Doug look up at Claire , consciousness start to come and go doug its okay . she be hold he hand , try to keep pressure on he neck . claire I be gonna call a ambulance , Doug . doug ( seem distant ) no , stay here . frawley arrive at the open door . see the blood trail on the floor , he draw he sig - sauer and move inside -- -- find Claire kneel beside a die Doug macray . frawley come up on the other side -- tug the beretta from Doug 's holster . Doug just watch he take it . claire ( see frawley ) get a ambulance ! frawley find and grab a telephone . ( continued ) 121 . continued : frawley they be on they way , Claire . claire ( at frawley , cry ) do you do this ? he sigh , why be he always the bad guy ? shake he head , ‘no . 's doug ( to frawley ) she dime I ? frawley that 's right . the feel this give Doug be worse than die . doug why ant you take we at the hotel ? frawley look at Doug and Claire , confuse . frawley you be talk about coughlin 's sister , right ? Doug 's eye fix on frawley , then he nod . something seem to have come free from its mooring in he . frawley ( cont 'd ) you get the florist , huh ? ( beat ) rusty , too ? the smallest of smile - mostly in he eye . his pupil start to pin . doug ( look at Claire ) I be sorry . music cue she ease Doug 's head into she lap , and begin stroking he hair as though comforting he to sleep . she see he hand be cover in dirt , as if he have be digging . she study he -- as he study she when she be blindfolded . for a pass moment , she be overwhelm with grief . then -- as if respond to some inner voice -- she straighten she back , compose herself . ( continued ) 122 . continued : ( 2 ) claire shhh . walk to the water . until you can feel it on you toe . Doug 's eye fix on something in the distance -- she rock he a little , slowly enough that we see just the smallest movement in the frame to match we CUT to : movement inside a car . that same rhythmic motion we be tight on something , not clear what it be , light be flaring and something be move . we realize now we be in claire 's p.o.v. in her blindfold . int . minivan - flashback Doug be riding next to Claire in the back of the minivan . gloansey be drive and jem ride shotgun . Claire 's blind fold be wrap tight around she face . she be silent . Doug be press close to she . Doug look out the window and see the beach as they approach . he whisper in she ear so that no one else can hear . doug I know you be scared . it 's almost over . you be gonna to be fine . CUT to : ext . beach - moment later Claire have be release from the car but still wear she blindfold . she walk forward on the beach toward the water nervously , unable to see where she 's go . over this we hear the word Doug have just speak to she . doug ( 0.s. ) do not be afraid . just walk to the water . until you can feel it on you toe . her toe touch the water . she pull at the blindfold , yanking it loose . look up she see a giant airliner flying overhead as it take off . Black .