" the butterfly effect " screenplay by J. mackye gruber &amp ; Eric bress shoot draft int . sunnyvale - doctor' office - night - 2002 evan , 20 , good -look but with dark haunt eye , frantically hide himself in a unlit Doctor 's office . his face and chest be cover in blood . he hold he forehead in pain . flashlight beam stab through the darken corridor hunt for he . alarm SOUND . guard be hear shouting to each other . Evan grab a cardboard box and hide under a doctor 's desk . he grab some paper and begin write in shorthand . evan ( as he write ) if anyone find this , then I guess my plan do not work and I be already dead ... he take a deep breath . evan but if I can just go back to the beginning of all this , I still might be able to save she . fatigue overwhelm he , but he continue write ... int . busy hospital corridor - day - 1982 title : twenty year earlier andrea treborn , twenty -five , a attractive pregnant woman strapped to a gurney , be roll down a busy hospital corridor . she be clearly ready to give birth , and as she flail she arm , she knock another patient 's iv bottle into the wall . int . busy hospital - recovery room - super 8 footage - 1982 a tearful andrea hold newborn evan in she hand . title sequence over super-8 montage including : int . busy hospital - recovery room - day - 1982 smiling andrea hold baby Evan up to the camera , then place he in a crib . ext . playground - day - 1983 a playground . Evan 's father , jason ( 23 ) , put a 1 - year old on a slide . ext . lenny' house - day - 1987 a birthday party for lenny , 5 , a chubby kid with only a few friend . Evan , now 5 , be gently prodd by andrea toward kayleigh , 5 , a quiet sweet - look girl with beautiful hair . Evan clumsily shake she hand and she quickly lean over and kiss he cheek . he blushes and run to hug he mother 's leg . end montage &amp ; title . ext . andrea' house - early morning - 1989 in the driveway , 7 - year old Evan play with crickett , a frisky cocker spaniel puppy . andrea , wear a mechanic 's jumpsuit , work impatiently on the carburetor of a Toyota celica . Evan pet the dog as he watch he mother work . andrea okay , okay ... what now ? Evan quickly eye the situation and grab the 5 / 16 " wrench from the toolbox . evan we be gonna be late again . andrea when do you ever care about get to school on time ? evan we be put up picture for parent 's night . Evan impatiently watch andrea turn the bolt . evan righty -tighty , lefty -lucy . andrea thanks . do not worry Evan , you will have plenty of time . the carburetor will not set properly . she bang on it with the wrench . andrea ( be : carb ) darn it ! evan um ... can dad come this time ? andrea ( get impatient ) you know the answer to that . evan can not he come out for one day ? andrea we have be over this a hundred time . it 's too dangerous for he . evan but lenny say that he dad 's come ... and Tommy and kayleigh 's dad ... andrea hand the wrench to Evan . andrea here , ev ... finish this up for I . Evan beam as he climb onto the bumper and screw the carb back together . andrea , meanwhile , strip off she coverall , revealing a spotless nurse 's uniform underneath . evan all the dad be gonna be there . andrea I get the point , kiddo . but I be not so bad , be I ? evan no . andrea good . because I have be wait to see you art project all week and I would feel terrible if all you think about be you father not be there . Evan , disappointed , pass the wrench back to andrea . evan ( beat ) done . try it . andrea get behind the wheel . she turn the ignition and the engine roar to life . Evan wear a proud smile . andrea you be amazing , kiddo . ext . school parking lot - morning - 1989 andrea race through the school zone and head for the main door . Evan 's already get the car door open and he foot on the ground by the time the car skid to a halt . andrea check she watch . andrea okay have a great day I love you I will pick you up later gotta go ... Evan blow andrea a kiss goodbye and run into the school . as andrea pull away , mrs . boswell , 35 , tap the car window . mrs . boswell Mrs. treborn ! I need to speak with you ! andrea I be sorry , but can it wait till tonight ? I be already late for work -- Mrs. boswell 's morbid expression stop andrea . mrs . boswell I think you really need to see this . int . elementary school - classroom - moment later the classroom be fill with scream , run child . Mrs. boswell enter the classroom with andrea and immediately call out to tommy , a tough seven - year old kid who swing a whiffle bat at lenny , now seven , a sniffle , chubby kid . mrs . boswell tommy ! leave lenny alone ! don 't make I send you to mr. voytek's office ! Evan be surprised to see he mother enter with Mrs. boswell , but continue play with kayleigh , now seven , a quiet , sweet - look girl . Mrs. boswell lead andrea over to the teacher 's desk . mrs . boswell I be go to show this to the principal , but I want to talk to you first . andrea what be it ? mrs . boswell yesterday I have all the child draw picture of what they want to be when they grow up . most of they make drawing of what they parent do , but this ... Mrs. boswell open the bottom drawer of she desk and pull out a draw . andrea turn to stone when she see it . andrea I do not understand ... Evan do this ? the draw show a child hold a bloody knife while stand on a heap of dead body . it 's extremely sophisticated for a seven - year old . some of the corpse have be cut open and the inside be surprisingly anatomically correct . andrea see Evan play with lenny , harmless as a bunny , and struggle to control she concern . andrea thank you for show it to I first . I will ... I will take care of it . can I have the picture ? mrs . boswell of course . there be one more thing , Mrs. treborn . and I feel bad for mention it ... andrea what ? mrs . boswell when I ask Evan about he draw , well , he do not remember do it . andrea be visibly shake now . andrea I have to go . ext . school parking lot - later andrea seem so impact by this revelation that she cannot even start the car . int . elementary school - later the child hang artwork on the wall in prep for parent 's night . each child have a picture of he or she family make from color construction paper and macaroni . Evan 's picture ( no longer sophisticated ) depict he mother , crockett and himself on a green hill . Tommy and kayleigh 's picture each show two kid and a single father . and they ' mother ' be stick to the far end of page . lenny beam as he pin - up he picture of a ideal nuclear family . he look at Tommy 's picture and be confuse . lenny you put the mommy too far away . Mrs. boswell have macaroni and glue if you wanna fix it . tommy you be such a retard ! kayleigh mommy life far away but she come and visit . lenny ( to Tommy ) if I be retarded , why do not my mommy move away from I ? Tommy get upset . he swipe he hand down lenny 's picture and he macaroni " mother " crumble to the floor . lenny begin to cry . evan hey , what would you do that for ? tommy fat little baby , cry for mommy . Evan take the ruin picture and lean down next to lenny . evan come on , lenny . it 's not that bad . you can still see you mom a little . lenny , unable to stop cry , begin hyperventilate out of control . his desperate gasp for breath be frightening . Evan , scared , look around for Mrs. boswell , but can not find she . he reach up to he own picture and quickly tear he own macaroni " mother " apart and place it over lenny 's picture . it 's a nuclear family again . lenny slowly be able to catch he breath . lenny ( grateful ) can ... can ... can I have this ? evan sure . I be gonna make a new one , anyway . kayleigh help lenny glue a new " mother " in place and she smile gratefully at Evan . as Evan smile back at kayleigh , Mrs. boswell calmly enter the room in time to see Evan tack up he butcher family portrait . she shiver . ext . sunnyvale institution - day - 1989 gothic . impose . andrea run up the stair . int . sunnyvale - dr . redfield office - continuous dr . harlon redfield , 40 , a handsome and extremely genial man , scrutinize a disturbing draw . dr . redfield and you say he do not remember any of it ? andrea ( anxious ) not accord to he teacher . it just get I think about Jason and what if Evan 's inherite he father 's condition ? dr . redfield hold it , hold it , andrea . let 's not jump to conclusion . I will run some preliminary test , see what we can rule out . andrea nod and force a thankful smile . dr . redfield tell you what , bring Evan here tonight and we will run a cat - scan series . ext . sunnyvale institution - night the loom building look even more frightening at night . andrea and Evan head up the stair . evan I do not like this place , Mom . it 's creepy . please can we go ? I promise I will not make any more bad picture ! andrea ( lighthearted ) you will be fine . Dr. redfield just want to give you some test . you will like he . int . sunnyvale institution - night andrea lead Evan into Dr. redfield 's office . Dr. redfield warmly greet Evan at the door . dr . redfield hello , Evan . it 's very nice to meet you . ( to andrea ) he 's as handsome as he father . evan ( stunne ) you know my father ? before Dr. redfield can answer , andrea cut he off . andrea that 's why I want you to come here , Evan . Dr. redfield already have a background in memory loss . evan my father have a bad memory , too ? dr . redfield ( off andrea 's look ) uh , tell you what , Evan . if it 's okay with you mother , I would like to run some test . nothing scary . Evan raise a eyebrow at the doctor . dr . redfield okay , it might be a little scary ... int . laboratory - moment later Evan look terrify as he lie on a medical platform as a series of cat - scan image be take . in another part of the room , a distress andrea speak quietly with Dr. redfield . andrea just tell I that Evan do not have Jason 's illness ... dr . redfield look , andrea , I be sure he will test negative for brain disorder . but there 's something else you can try to monitor he memory . andrea anything . dr . redfield a journal . just have he write down everything he do . andrea why ? what for ? dr . redfield it could be extremely useful to jog he memory . see if he remember anything new the next day . and I will have the test result back in a few day . int . andrea' house - kitchen - morning the next morning . Evan busily write in he new black - marble mead comp book : evan's diary " today mommy be take I to play with kayley and Tommy . I will mote there father and see what a real dad be like . maybe one day I will mote my dad . " andrea , meanwhile , speak into the phone as she pour lucky charm into a cereal bowl for Evan . andrea thanks , George . I really appreciate you watch he , he will not be any trouble at all . Evan put down the journal and eat breakfast . he separate the green clover from the cereal and drop they to the floor for crockett to nibble . evan this will bring you luck , crockett . andrea ( into phone ) great . I will see you soon . andrea hang up the phone and walk into the next room . int . house - day andrea grab the pocket book off the coffee table and head back into the kitchen . she drop she purse in shock when she see : Evan , in doorway , expressionless and hold a large butcher knife by he side . andrea Evan ? Evan see she but remain expressionless . andrea Evan ? what be you do with that knife ? life suddenly spring into Evan 's face . he seem stunne to find himself hold the knife and drop it . evan ( scared ) what happen ? andrea honey . what be you do with that ? evan ( tear welling ) I ... I do not remember . ext . miller house - morning andrea , still shake , drop Evan off at the house of GEORGE miller , 35 , a handsome athletic man with a infectious smile . he approach the car and open the door for Evan . mr. miller hey , andrea. ( to Evan ) hello little man . andrea write nervously on a piece of paper as Evan get out . andrea thanks a lot George . here 's my work number in case there be any problem . mr. miller ( lighthearted laughter ) whaddaya kid ? we be go to have a great time today , right Evan ? andrea nod thanks and nervously drive away . Evan walk up to Mr. Miller and momentarily reach for he hand . Mr. Miller flinch he hand away and chuckle at Evan . mr. miller you wait for a invitation ? the kid be inside . Evan appear confuse for a moment at Mr. Miller 's unexpected rudeness , but walk inside . int . miller' house - day Evan enter the well - keep middle class home and see he classmate kayleigh and Tommy . kayleigh be dress in a make - shift medieval gown and Tommy be also dress in a period costume . kayleigh ( excited to see Evan ) Evan , guess what ? dad get a new video camera and we be all gonna be in a movie . tommy I do not think Evan get to be in it -- kayleigh quit it , Tommy . Evan get to be Robin Hood . I be gonna be maid marian , and you be the sheriff of Nottingham ! tommy I think I be the bad guy ! kayleigh you be , silly . he 's a bad sheriff . Mr. Miller , hold a full glass of scotch in one hand , set the circa - 80 's bulky video camera on a tripod and plug it into the porta-deck . evan we be really gonna be in a movie !? mr. miller that 's right , Evan , and you get to be the star . tommy I think I be the star . mr. miller shut up , moron . now get in you costume , Evan . and you have to promise , you bestest super - duper promise , that this will be we little secret . think you can do that ? Evan nod and stick he arm straight up in the air . Mr. Miller downs he drink and help Evan off with he clothes . suddenly -- hard CUT to : int . miller' house - basement - day Evan come to in a unfamiliar place . the rec-room / basement . Evan 's eye dart from the fireplace to Mr. Miller 's camera lens and finally to kayleigh , whose ashen face tremble slightly . panic spread across Evan 's face . evan where be I ? what happen ? where do we all go ? mr. miller calm down , kid . stand still . Evan back up and awkwardly scurries around the basement , grab he clothes . panick . evan I be just somewhere else -- how do I get here ? mr. miller quit act like some retard or I will call you mother and tell she what a naughty little shit you have be . evan kayleigh ? what happen ? kayleigh 's eye be unable to leave the floor . she begin adjust she dishevel clothing . Evan tremble . evan what 's wrong with I ? Tommy silently watch from the top of the basement stair , absently wring the head off one of he sister 's doll . int . sunnyvale institution - day Dr. redfield place Evan 's cat - scan slide on the light box . andrea squint , unable to interpret they . dr . redfield well , the good news be that the result be negative . I have find no evidence in the way of lesion , hemorrhage , tumor ... andrea and the bad news ? dr . redfield unfortunately , we have get nothing to work with . it 's harder play detective now . andrea but you must have something to go on ? dr . redfield if I have to guess , I would say the blackout be stress related . andrea but he 's seven . what kind of stress can he have ? dr . redfield plenty . who know ? maybe he 's get severe cope problem about not have a father . do you say the last blackout occur when he be with he friend 's dad . andrea come on , I doubt the answer 's that simple . dr . redfield you would be surprised how often they be . andrea well , he have be push I to meet he father , but I have be put it off . dr . redfield it 's worth a shot . I can arrange a control meeting . a careful dose of sedative for Jason , some security , you and I monitoring . Evan come in for a quick visit and with any luck , no more miss father complex . andrea how soon ?... int . andrea' car - country road - day Evan , dress in he Sunday best , write copiously in a journal mark " age 7 . " evan's diary " April 15 . today I get to mote my father . his name be Jason and he be crazy . I hope he let I call he dad . " int . sunnyvale institution - day andrea tightly grip Evan 's hand as the pair follow Dr. redfield down a corridor . Evan 's enthusiasm be dampen by the sound of distant scream and bloodcurdle laughter . evan dad life here ? dr . redfield not in this wing , actually . no . andrea now you father may seem sleepy to you , but that 's just because of he medicine , okay ? evan okay . they walk to the end of the corridor and come to a " visitor 's chamber " . dr.redfield lead Evan inside . andrea begin to follow , but the doctor gesture that she stay outside . int . sunnyvale - visitor's chamber - continuous Evan take a seat at a long rectangular table . his eye be fixate on the door on the other side of the room . finally , a dark figure can be see through the opaque glass . jason , thirty and haggard look , enter the room . his eye want to sparkle at see he son for the first time . but tranquilizers have dull the effect . Evan 's eye fixate on the leg-restraint and handcuffs that hinder Jason 's movement . finally Jason sit . he smile warmly and speak in over - enunciate tone . jason it 's okay . I will not bite . you have see picture of I , right ? evan uh-huh . Mom say I have you eye and you -- smash CUT to : int . sunnyvale - visitor's chamber - day Evan " come to " in another unfamiliar place . Rather than see he father across a table , he 's look up at a ceiling . block he view of the ceiling be Jason , whose face be now monstrous with rage , and whose cuffed hand be wrap around Evan 's throat , choke the life out of he . jason ( through clench tooth ) I ... love ... you . suddenly , orderlies tackle Jason from both side and wedge a baton under he jaw to wrench he away . andrea frantically struggle to rescue Evan from Jason 's clutches . jason ( panic ) he have to die ! you do not understand ! it 's the only way to stop it ! Jason wrestle the baton from under he chin , hit a orderly in the kneecap and come for Evan with the baton ! orderly # 2 act quickly , beat Jason with he baton . as Jason make another desperate grab for Evan , orderly # 2 be force to bash he in the skull . down for the count . andrea hug Evan , now in shock . andrea I be sorry , Evan . I be sorry . and alarm sound and andrea try to cover Evan 's eye , but through she finger he can see a quick blur of a pool of blood spread from Jason 's head . fade to black : fade in : ext . cemetery - day - 1989 dress in black , andrea and Evan watch Jason 's casket be lower into the ground . andrea 's tear soak through she veil . a few foot back , kayleigh stand behind Evan . priest ash to ash ... dust to dust . Evan watch the coffin descend , disappear from sight . kayleigh step up to Evan and take he hand . a moment . and she softly whisper in Evan 's ear . kayleigh you be better off anyway . a rumble of thunder . Evan look up at the brood dark cloud . ext . cemetery - dusk Gray sky . andrea drive the child home . Evan stare at the pass tombstone that flutter by like a white picket fence . the flicker strobe effect that intensify into a white blur be hypnotic . slowly dissolve to : ext . miller' house - day - 1995 Bright and sunny . the lawn freshly cut . a toro lawnmower have be carelessly leave in the grass-ss-st driveway . title : six year later crane down to the window of the -- int . miller' house - basement Evan , kayleigh , Tommy and lenny be now thirteen . Evan exhales cigarette smoke , tap he ash and finish sketching a portrait of kayleigh in he journal . Tommy wear a leather jacket and now have trace of peach fuzz on he upper lip . kayleigh 's hair be longer now , albeit stringy and unkempt . Evan close he journal and coolly ignites a strike - anywhere match with he thumb and light kayleigh 's cigarette . everyone but lenny smoke in the basement . Tommy , now with longer hair , ransack he father 's army locker look for something . evan Tommy , I be bored shitless over here . what 's up already ? tommy hold you horse , man . it 's here somewhere . I see it when I be a kid . Tommy absently chuck a old playboy toward lenny . kayleigh seem uncomfortable by the sight of it . kayleigh ( to Tommy ) we should go soon . if dad catch we smoking down here , we be dead . evan so let 's go . this place creep I out . Evan clap he hand and stand up , lenny and kayleigh join he . finally , Tommy shake a old army thermos and hear something rattling inside . tommy I know it have something to do with the army . Tommy open the thermos , tip it over and a blockbuster ( 1 / 4 stick of dynamite ) spill out . Tommy grin mischievously . tommy let 's blow the shit out of something ! ext . halpern ' forest - day Tommy lead Evan , kayleigh and lenny on a mission through the wood . everyone smoke except lenny , yet he 's the only one who 's wheeze . he pull out a inhaler and take a puff . lenny guy , slow up , would you ? kayleigh Evan , do I tell you ? my mother say I might be able to visit she this summer in Orlando with she new family . tommy what do I say about mention that bitch ? kayleigh ( uncomfortable ) where the hell be you take we anyway ? just blow something up already . tommy just blow something up ? be you nut ? there 's a art to mass destruction . would you just paint the mona Lisa ? no. besides , we be here already . now at the edge of the wood , Tommy spot : ext . mrs . halpern' home - continuous a mailbox sit at the end of the driveway . it 's exquisite . a exact replica of a Colonial home it serve . across the street , Tommy hand the blockbuster to lenny . tommy here you go , buddy . lenny ( recoil ) what ? no frigging way , man . I be not touch that thing . tommy the hell you be not . anyone of we do it , you will puss out and narc for sure . lenny ai not gonna work this time , buddy . look how small that fuse be ! I will get kill . evan not necessarily . all eye turn to Evan as he take he light cigarette , break off the filter and jam the fuse into the unlit end . evan that should buy you ten minute at least . lenny gee , thanks friend . ext . mrs . halpern' home - continuous lenny pace back and forth next to the three - story mailbox , desperately try to appear nonchalant . he pretend to notice he shoe 's untied and bend down to tie it . from the wood , the other kid watch anxiously . tommy oh , for Christ 's sake , just do it , lenny . finally , lenny throw the bomb in the mailbox . then sprint like hell to the wood . kayleigh shake lenny 's inhaler and hand it to he when he get back . lenny ( take puff ) thanks . Evan pat lenny on the back . evan you get ball , man . the four watch the mailbox in intense anticipation . Evan smile with the cigarette press tightly between he lip and place he hand over kayleigh 's ear . she smile back at he and press he hand against she head . Tommy catch this and seem disturb , and quickly turn back to -- the mailbox . tick-tock ... tick-tock ... it 's like a stare contest ... smash CUT to : ext . halpern ' forest - day Evan , run full speed , come to in a unfamiliar place . he instantly lose he foot and fall to the ground . lenny , fall on top of he . tommy hurry ! let 's go ! get he up , Evan ! come on ! evan ( frantic ) what happen ?? where be we ?! Evan get up and start run , then realize he 's not be follow . kayleigh and Tommy be help lenny up and carry he . Evan realize that lenny 's completely daze . Evan double back , grab lenny 's arm and he and Tommy drag lenny through the wood as fast as they can . kayleigh ( cry ) oh God ... what do we do ? evan shit , lenny . what 's happen to you ! we have gotta get help ! smash CUT to : ext . lenny' house - driveway - day andrea 's car screech to the curb of lenny 's house . lenny 's mother , Mrs. kagan , frantically load lenny into a ambulance . as andrea rush up to the ambulance , Mrs. kagan give she a icy glare and slam the ambulance door in andrea 's face . andrea turn to Evan , now tremble on the front stoop . andrea what be it ? what happen ? tommy ( stare menacingly at the other ) we be just building a fort in the wood when lenny freak out . one minute he be fine , then he just froze up . right guy ? andrea what happen , Evan ? the truth . evan I do not know ... I do not remember . andrea something must have happen ! what set he off ? evan I ... I black out . andrea ( building frustration ) do not try to use you blackout to get out of this one ! Evan look helpless . andrea you be not make this up , be you ? Evan shake he head " no " . almost ashamed ... dissolve to : int . dr . redfield offcie - day Evan lie on a couch . dr . redfield with every breath you exhale , you can feel all of the tension drain from you body like water through a faucet . nine , ten , and you be completely asleep . relaxed . Evan breathes slowly . deeply . andrea watch nervously from the far side of the room . dr . redfield now I want you to go back to the time you be in the wood with lenny . think of it like a movie . you can pause , rewind , or slow down any detail you wish . understand ? evan yes . dr . redfield where be you now ? evan I be stand next to kayleigh , my hand be over she ear . dr . redfield be you hurt she ? evan no , protect she . andrea suppress the tiniest of proud smile . dr . redfield okay . then go a little forward in time . what do you see now ? evan I see a car . Evan 's eye suddenly roll back in he head . dr . redfield yes , tell I about the car . Evan moan and begin shaking . dr . redfield go on . nothing can hurt you . remember , this be only a movie . you be completely safe . evan ( moan ) I can not ... the car vanish and all of a sudden I be on the ground in the wood . dr . redfield the car do not vanish Evan . the movie in you head have break , that 's all . but now I have re-splice it and I want you to tell I about the car . evan it 's come ... argh ! I can not ! Evan moan and shake on the couch . dr . redfield fight it evan. hurry . it 's come ! blood begin to trickle from Evan 's nose as a guttural sound be uttere from deep within he . Dr. redfield bolt upright in he chair and redirect the session . dr . redfield okay , Evan . listen to my voice ! on the count of ten , you be go to wake up . feeling refresh and remember everything we talk about . Evan moan in agony . andrea dart into the room . andrea what 's happen to he ?? make it stop ! Dr. redfield wave she away and concentrate on Evan . dr . redfield one . you be feel more awake now . two , you eye no longer feel heavy . andrea move to stop the blood flow from Evan 's nose . she lift Evan 's eyelid and see only the white of he eye . dr . redfield five. six . refresh and awake ! Seven , eight . come on , Evan , wake up , dammit ! Evan be completely non-responsive . andrea Evan wake up , oh please wake up ! dr . redfield nine , ten . and you be awake ! open you eye , dammit ! nothing but moan and blood . Dr. redfield frantically open some desk drawer until he find smell salt . he break a small capsule under evan 's mouth , pinch he bleed nose close and let Evan inhale the vapor through he mouth . Evan lurch forward on the couch and fall off . holding he bloody nose . evan what happen ? do it work ? Evan deduce the answer from everyone 's horrify face . ext . multiplex theater - parking lot - dusk andrea drop off Evan , kayleigh and Tommy outside the complex . kayleigh , look morose , shut the car door and andrea drive off . they walk through the parking lot . tommy ( to kayleigh ) wipe that sad -ass look off you face before you get we all bust . you see the way Evan 's mom be look at you ? kayleigh I be sorry . evan would someone just tell I already what the hell happen in the mailbox ? on " mailbox " , Tommy suddenly grab Evan 's jacket and shove he against a park car . Tommy look around to make sure nobody hear anything . tommy do not ever bring that shit up again . not ever . not to I , not to kayleigh , or even lenny . the stupid fuck if he ever learn to talk again . understand ? Evan nod , scared . Tommy give a final shove . tommy ever. ( be : kayleigh ) she do not want to talk about it , anyway . do you kayleigh ? Tommy 's right . kayleigh clearly do not . int . multiplex theater lobby - dusk kayleigh shuffles behind Evan and Tommy as they head toward the theatre . Evan drop back . evan be you okay ? kayleigh say nothing as Tommy see the theatre play seven and whisper . tommy there it be . let 's go . int . andrea' house - kitchen - night andrea do the dish as the tv play a newscast in the b.g. anchor ( on tv ) ... be the grizzly aftermath of what police official of upstate New York be call a horrible act of vandalism go awry . andrea turn to the tv , block we view . we can only hear the report as she watch intensely . anchor the powerful explosion be believe to have be cause by a small quantity of dynamite . andrea 's face look haunt by the on-screen image . she shake she head in terror and grab the remote . anchor Police thus far have no lead as to the suspect ... she click off the tv , tremble . int . multiplex theater - night the movie 's in progress . Evan and kayleigh sit behind Tommy . tommy Holy shit ! look at that fat fuck ! you would have to wipe he ass with a forklift ! some crowd member turn around and give Tommy a shush . Tommy whip m&amp ; ms at they . tommy shut up , faggot . no one 's talk to you ! kayleigh , repulse , suddenly dart from the aisle and run out . Evan follow . int . lobby - continuous Evan follow she to a small alcove . evan I be sorry kayleigh . this be a bad idea . kayleigh you really do not remember anything that happen ? Evan shake he head " no " . she look devastate . kayleigh you be so lucky . she begin to cry . Evan make sure no one 's stare . evan it 's go to be okay . lenny will be fine . you will see . he reach to comfort she . but she wince . kayleigh ouch . evan I be sorry . she pull she sleeve up , revealing a large bruise . kayleigh it 's not you fault . Mrs. kagan call dad and blame we for what happen to lenny . evan damn . you dad do this ? kayleigh pull back she shirt collar to show a even larger , darker bruise . kayleigh ( look down ) I deserve a lot worse . evan what be you talk about ? what you deserve be a better brother and father . all they do be make you feel like shit . she look into he eye . evan you really have no clue how beautiful you be , do you ? she search he eye for sincerity . and find it . they lean into each other for a tender kiss . after a moment , a roar from nearby . tommy ( o.s. ) what the fuck be you do ?? they jerk back to see Tommy , shocked and betrayed , stare at they from across a small crowd . by now , some teens chuckle at Tommy . teen punk ( o.s. ) buying popcorn , what the fuck be you do ? Tommy rush through the small crowd at Evan . his hand in fist . suddenly a foot reach out and trip Tommy . Tommy fall to the floor and the crowd cackle at he . Tommy slowly get up , lock eye with Evan . hatred ooze . Evan look guilty , weakly shaking he head , it 's not what you be think . Tommy suddenly lunge at the teen punk who must be at least a foot taller than he be . Tommy land a flurry of punch before the Teen punk can even defend himself , frequently take opportunity to eyeball Evan . Evan , kayleigh and even the punk 's friend look on helplessly when two security guard seize tommy . Tommy valiantly struggle against they at first . but the moment he realize it 's hopeless , he allow he body to go slack . as Tommy be be drag away , he turn to Evan , a sick smile on he face . Evan and kayleigh look back , speechless . int . andrea' car - night andrea drive through the wind road . close up andrea 's eye . tormented . reveal she 's drive Evan and kayleigh home . Evan 's up front and kayleigh sit behind they . everyone silent . andrea stare through the rearview mirror into kayleigh 's eye . probe . search . andrea so how be the movie ? kayleigh okay . andrea watch kayleigh . a calculate beat . andrea any explode mailbox ? kayleigh flinch at the question . and andrea catch it . Evan can not help but look back at kayleigh . oh my god , she know . kayleigh ( fake poorly ) what do you mean ? andrea pull the car over and stop . after a moment , kayleigh realize she 's at she house . she exit the car in a hurry . andrea goodnight . andrea stare at Evan , who keep he eye face dead ahead . she finally shift the car into gear . andrea we be move . Evan say nothing . fade to black : ext . andrea' house - morning a " for sale " sign be now plant on the front lawn . andrea , in she nurse uniform , exit the house to she car . int . andrea' live room - continuous Evan discreetly watch she leave through the window . grab he coat and exit frame . ext . lenny' house - day kayleigh and Evan walk down toward the house . evan I can not believe Tommy 's still piss at I . he know I be move away , right ? kayleigh he 's be act real strange lately . he will not even look I in the eye anymore . evan duck , here they come . as a station wagon roll up the street , Evan and kayleigh duck in nearby bush . kayleigh do you mom say if lenny be ... okay ? evan he must be . they be let he go , right ? the station wagon finally head into the driveway . Evan put on a smile and charge the car , pound the window . evan welcome home , lenny ! Inside the car , lenny jerk back in horror . Mrs. kagan look angry as she roll the window down . mrs . kagan I think you little homecome 's in bad taste . the smile fade from Evan 's face . kayleigh hang back . evan sorry ? mrs . kagan ( acidic ) lenny 's be through a hell of a ordeal no thanks to you . Evan and kayleigh look guilty as the garage door open up and Mrs. kagan continue into the garage . int . lenny' bedroom - continuous alone , lenny concentrate on a model airplane . there be a sudden knock at the window . lenny 's head jerk around to see Evan and kayleigh smile through the window . ext . lenny' window - continuous Evan and kayleigh stand on the ivy -cover trellis . evan ( quietly ) welcome home . think you might like some fresh air for a change . kayleigh hi , lenny . lenny twitches ever-so-slightly . lenny be Tommy with you guy ? Evan shake he head " no " . evan it 's cool . lenny look back at the model airplane . need to think . ext . junkyard wood - day Evan , lenny and kayleigh pass a junk pile in the wood . kayleigh ( to lenny ) so what do you do in there ? lenny it be awful . you can not sleep ' cause everyone 's scream all night long . I never want to go back . as Evan and kayleigh absorb this in silence , they see a column of smoke billow in the horizon . kayleigh do you see that ? Evan and kayleigh run toward the smoke . lenny nervously follow behind . they exit the wood to find : ext . junkyard - continuous Tommy have stuff a dog into a gunny sack which he douse with lighter fluid . next to a campfire . evan crockett !! Evan and kayleigh rush toward the trap , helpless dog . Tommy be ready for they . he drop the lighter fluid , pick up a wooden plank and swing ! Evan duck back at the last minute and Tommy accidentally connect with kayleigh 's head . knock she unconscious . tommy look what you make I do ! evan what 's wrong with you ?! Tommy , enraged , fake a high swing , then go for Evan 's knee cap . bash ! Evan double over in pain and fall to the ground , clutching he knee . Tommy move to the fire , crockett squirming inside the bag and pick up the lighter fluid . Evan painfully look up from the ground and he eye dart from the sight of kayleigh , unconscious , to crockett , trap in the tie gunny sack . evan kayleigh ! wake up ! no response . tommy why do not you fuck kiss she , Prince charm ! Tommy squeeze the bottle hard , create a flame fuse from the campfire to the fluid soak dog . as the flame near crockett , Evan , seethe with rage , stand up with clench fist and charge Tommy at full speed -- smash CUT to : ext . junkyard - day Evan come to in a unfamiliar place . still in run mode . his body contort spastically like a fish on land , since he be now lie face down on the ground . Evan regains himself and sit up painfully . his face be badly bruise and he clutches he batter rib . evan how long be I out ? he get no answer from lenny , who stand in the exact same spot . Tommy be nowhere in sight and the sound be of kayleigh weep . Evan spin to face she . evan kayleigh ?! be you okay ? where 's crockett ? kayleigh , she knee draw tightly to she chest , be unable to answer through she tear . Evan struggle to rise but he become dizzy and fall back to the ground . Evan take a quick glance toward the gunny sack , smoulder then moan and bury he head in he hand . ext . lenny' house - day a small neighborhood crowd have gather to watch a ambulance with the sunnyvale insignia take a entrance lenny away . Mrs. kagan be about to climb in the rear when she stop and turn to Evan . mrs . kagan ( ice cold ) do you know what you be ? a monster . Evan stand there , speechless . ext . andrea' house - day a pack u-haul sit in front of Evan 's house . andrea shift the small truck into gear and slowly pull out . outside the truck , kayleigh wave to Evan , tear spilling shamelessly down she cheek . Evan reach behind he seat and open a large cardboard box . it be fill with past journal . he find the most recent journal , uncap a pen and write something . finish he press the journal to the window . evan's diary " I will come back for you . " Evan wave back to she , try nonchalantly to wipe away he own tear as she fade into the distance . when kayleigh disappear from sight , andrea look over to see what he 's write . andrea I be sorry . Evan return the journal and begin write furiously . slow dissolve to : int . college classroom - day - 2002 title : seven year later Evan , twenty now , continue write in a college Blue Book . he be older , dress down in wear jeans , T-shirt and plaid flannel . he close the Blue Book with a cocky grin just as professor carter , 40 , call out to the class : professor carter time ! please place you blue book on my desk before you leave . Evan grab he psychology textbook from under he seat , get up and turn in he exam . professor carter how would you do , Evan ? Evan flash a confident smile . evan I be not sure . I might have get some storey mix up . do pavlov condition he dog to lick he nut ? professor carter ( laugh ) typical psych major . a complete wise ass . and how 's you project come ? still plan to change the way we humble scientist view memory assimilation ? evan ( shrugging ) hey , I get no choice . Professor Carter nod solemnly , obviously in the know . ext . college - quad - day Evan bike past student . ext . college - frat house - day Evan bike past some obnoxious greek . ext . college - evan's dorm - day Evan dock he bike and carry he knapsack inside . int . evan's dorm - moment later Evan 's dorm be cluttere " double " whose wall be adorn with head - shop poster of gothic rock band . by Evan 's bed be a bookshelf fill with book on amnesia , memory loss , fugue , hypnotism and other related band . Evan 's roommate , thumper , 19 , be a completely punk out gothic boy who weigh 300 pound . he currently hand a black lacy dress to cricket , 17 , a pierce goth co -ed . she slip the tatter dress on as thumper wipe he post- coital self off with a black tee-shirt . Evan barge through the door , throw he pscyh book on the bed and politely look away from the half - naked girl . evan whoa . smell like patchouli and ... ass . Evan open the window and check out he psych project : a small maze have several flatworm at one end and a bowl of cornflake at the other . thumper cricket , meet my well - mannered roommate , Evan . cricket put on she Doc marten as Evan watch the worm . cricket yeah , you be the one who fuck up the bell - curve on my anthropology final . later , thumper . evan Nice to meet you , too . as she leave , thumper take the black T-shirt by he wallet and throw it on Evan 's bed . thumper here , bro . found you T-shirt . Evan nod thanks , pick up he journal . read something and smile . evan get dress , thumper , you be take I out for my birthday . thumper I think you be a December baby . evan this be bigger . Seven year to the day . no blackout . thumper pull out a bong . thumper let 's do this . ext . dirty hank be bar - day int . dirty hank be bar - continuous a popular water hole . a dark rustic interior , blast alternative rock . plenty of underage student carry pitcher of beer to they table . Evan and thumper play pool against two young woman . heidi , beautiful , wear rip jeans , no make up . she sink the eleven ball off the rail . kristen coolly smoke a cigarette , confident that she and heidi will hold the table . kristen so ... which one of you have a pet worm ? thumper proudly step forward . thumper worm , plural . kristen that 's so gross . thumper step back , point to Evan . thumper talk to he about it , he 's get the fetish . heidi sink another ball and look up at Evan strangely . evan actually , they be for a psych project . a study on memory . heidi miss she shot and pass the cue to Evan . heidi ( stifling a yawn ) shit , better explain before all the excitement give I a heart attack . Evan speak as he knock the one - ball in the corner pocket . as he talk , at a table behind they , some obnoxious Greeks , include hunter , spencer , and gwen make fun of thumper . evan it 's a experiment with flatworm and a maze . you take a flatworm and run it through the maze until he 's memorize it . then you put a new flatworm in the maze . he 's clueless . bang into wall , get lose , whatever . thumper ( thoughtfully ) like ozzy . gwen giggle as Spencer throw popcorn at thumper 's head . spencer ten buck say he eat it off the floor . thumper seem oblivious to they taunt as Evan knock the three - ball in the side . evan you chop up the smart flatworm and feed it to the dumb one and presto , the dumb one suddenly know the maze inside and out . Evan walk past heidi , put he hand on she shoulder to squeeze by . the hand linger longer than necessary and heidi do not mind . he sink another ball . evan just by absorb the first worm into its cellular structure , it get all of the worm 's memory . thumper ( thoughtfully ) that 's probably why hannibal lecter 's so smart . a handful of popcorn hit thumper 's face . they all try to ignore Hunter and Spencer 's jeer . heidi so what 's the point ? evan ( set up the eight ) maybe if I can figure out how the memory of a simple worm function , it will help I understand the complexity of the human brain . another barrage of popcorn hit thumper 's jacket . although he hand clenches on the cue . he meekly shuffles away to the opposite side of the pool table from the cackle Greeks . heidi ( intrigue ) so be you plan on become a doctor or something ? thumper casually take the pool cue from Evan . evan no , I just do not want to lose my mind . as heidi digest this , thumper carefully line up he shot ... the eight ball . crash !!! the cue ball intentionally jump the table , rocketing into the pitcher of beer on the Greek 's table . they be all soak with beer and debris . just as they begin to rise , thumper smashes the cue stick on the table , whistling innocently ( while now brandish a spear ) . they sit the fuck down . Kristin , impressed , casually wrap she arm around thumper 's waist . he smile coolly , it 's nothing . evan ( to heidi ) I think that 's you game . int . evan's dorm - night Evan and heidi , make out , burst through the door and fall on the bed . Evan 's shirt be unbuttone and heidi stroke he chest . suddenly heidi stop and sniff the air . heidi smell like sex in here . evan thumper have a busy afternoon . heidi you be kid . he 's so ... big . Evan drunkenly cross the room , grab two beer from the mini-fridge . evan charisma and eyeliner go a long way , I guess . wanna beer ? heidi take one . look under the bed . heidi most guy tuck they porn under here , but all you have be ... comp book . evan yeah . I have be keep journal since I be seven . heidi ( respectfully ) wow ... read something . Evan chug he beer and sit next to she on the bed and put he arm around she . very drunk . evan no way , I would be too embarrassed . heidi teasingly run she finger over he smooth torso . heidi then keep drink , worm -boy . you be too uptight . Evan stop short . evan freeze ! no " worm - boy " . no " Mr. Worm , " and no " Worm -master - General ! " once you get a nickname like that you can not shake it . and I do not want everyone think I have get tapeworm come out of my ass or something , okay ? heidi ( laugh ) deal . now read I something . heidi hand he a book mark " age 13 " . he flip it open to a random place and take the beer from she hand . evan ( be : she beer ) for courage . Evan take and finish she beer and begin read . as he read , he seem more and more on the verge of pass out . evan it 's like my mind refuse to believe what it be see . hear crockett make that awful scream ... just write about it give I the shiver . Color drain from Evan 's face as he realize what he 's read . he look over at heidi , who kiss he . heidi come on , go on ... evan it be like Tommy be possess or something . there be a hate in he eye that I could not really call human . as Evan read , the world seem to almost imperceptibly vibrate around he like a tuning fork . his voice become distant and sound echo around he like distant memory resurrecting themselves ... flash ! smash CUT to : ext . junkyard - day - 1995 Evan be thirteen again . the scene begin exactly where Evan 's blackout occur as a child . Tommy have just knock kayleigh unconscious with a wooden plank , lenny be freeze at the sight of crockett in the fluid-soaked gunny sack . and Evan , seethe with rage , stand up with clench fist and charge Tommy at full speed . Evan look around , utterly confuse by he surroundings . evan what the hell be go on ? before a answer come , Tommy smile at he good fortune and swing the plank , hit Evan 's head . Evan be send sprawling backwards , he forehead bleed freely . Tommy knock Evan hard in the rib with he boot . Evan writhes in agony , he face against the ground . lenny move toward the gunny sack , lift it and tug desperately on the rope that trap crockett inside . lenny I can not undo the rope ! Tommy spin around and flash a evil smile . tommy Drop it or I will slit you mother 's throat in she sleep . as if on cue , lenny do exactly as he 's tell . his eye begin to glaze over . Evan , beat and bloody , reach out with he last bit of strength , grab Tommy 's foot and hold on . evan I get he , lenny . help crockett ! lenny remain freeze in place . Tommy yank he leg back , break Evan 's grip . Evan groan on the ground in a writhe heap . Tommy 's voice hitches . his eye water from pent up frustration . tommy listen to I good , Evan . there 's a million other sister in the world . you do not have to fuck with mine . Tommy smile viciously at lenny , traumatize to watch Tommy pick up the lighter fluid and spray a liquid fuse from the campfire to the soak gunny sack . whoosh of flame and Evan pass out . flash ! smash CUT to : int . evan's dorm - night - 2002 Evan come to with heidi slapping he awake . evan oh my God ! no! no ! heidi roll she eye . heidi wake up , idiot . it be just a dream . she stand and angrily put on she jacket . evan ( freak out ) it do not feel like a dream . heidi maybe because they never do . ( sarcastic ) so Don Juan , you pass out on all you date ? Evan do not even hear she . after get he bearing , he grab he jacket and exit , leave she dumbfounded . int . evan be car - sunrise Evan drive ... ext . lenny' house - day Evan , exhaust , finally pull into lenny 's driveway . very little have change in the past seven year . int . lenny' room - continuous angle on lenny now 20 , make a model airplane . he 's still overweight and look like he mother dress he . pull back to reveal the room be fill with model airplane . hundred of they . a knock on lenny 's bedroom door . Mrs. kagan , grayer , fatter , open the door and escort Evan inside . she glare at Evan while pretend to be cheerful . mrs . kagan I have get a surprise for you , lenny . you will never guess who 's here . lenny look up to see Evan , he jaw drop . angle on evan look around , shocked to see : pan all the way around the room . nothing have change in the past seven year . the same kid ' toy , poster and comic book . as we pan all the way around to lenny we see he 's work on the model again , in he own world . the window of opportunity for conversation have close . evan hey , uh , it 's I . Evan . silence . lenny frown . evan what 's that you be work on ? a model ? nothing . evan well , you look busy , so maybe I should make this quick . I would totally understand if you do not want to get into this right now , but that day at the junkyard , could you help I remember what happen ? any detail ? no response . Evan pick up a model airplane from the desk . lenny I could not cut the rope . evan ( contain excitement ) yeah , good , what else do you remember ? lenny Drop it or I will slit you mother 's throat in she sleep . Evan , startle , drop the model on the desk . a epiphany . evan Jesus Christ . it really happen . lenny stare out the window . evan what if I can get back all my lose memory with my journal . with lightning speed , lenny jump from he desk and unexpectedly shove evan in to the wall . squadron of hang plane crash to the floor . lenny dig he finger into Evan 's shoulder . lenny make one peep and I swear it will be you last , motherfucker . Evan be terrify . then lenny suddenly move back and begin work on the model again , he eye a million mile away . Evan be speechless . the door burst open . Mrs. kagan look at the smashed model airplane by Evan 's foot . Evan ignore she accuse stare . evan well , thanks for see I , man . I should not have wait so long . when lenny do not respond , Mrs. kagan hustle Evan back into the hallway . int . evan's dorm - night Evan pull a dozen journal from beneath he bed and begin pour over they . nearby , thumper empty a can of hairspray into he Mohawk . thumper you really think he want to kill you ? evan all I know be that I might be able to unblock some of my repress memory . he find something he 's look for , mark the page with a yellow post - it note mark , blackout and set the book in a separate pile . as he set the next journal on the bed , it automatically open up to a place where the spine be bent . stare up at he be the message : evan's diary " I will come back for you . " Evan look overcome by guilt . later that evening : int . evan's dorm - night Evan have now organize a pile of five journal . he select a entry , begin read and suddenly close the journal . fear cover he face . he hold one of he hand up and be not surprised to see it tremble . he open he journal again and read out loud . evan ( read aloud ) the last thing I remember before the blackout be hold my hand over kayleigh 's ear ... ( he voice slowly fade ) I think I be more focus on she hand on mine than the mailbox across the street ... his own word grow reverberant , distant . furthermore , the wall behind he vibrate , slightly worse than before . flash ! smash CUT to : ext . mrs . halpern' home - day - 1995 Evan , kayleigh , lenny and Tommy , all thirteen , watch the mailbox across the street with intense anticipation . when Evan come to in this memory , the light cigarette absently drop from he mouth and nestle into the fold of he shirt , smoldering . the mailbox ... tick -tock , tick-tock ... like a stare contest . lenny maybe it go out . should someone check it ? tommy yeah , you do that , lenny . suddenly a car appear from down the street and slowly pull into the driveway . mrs . halpern , 24 , a attractive young mother , get out of the car and walk to the mailbox . across the street , Tommy dig he finger into the nerve of lenny 's shoulder . tommy make one peep and I swear it will be you last , motherfucker . Tommy 's word make Evan flinch . from inside the car , a baby begin to cry . Mrs. halpern walk back to the car . Evan look on in horror and suddenly clenches he tooth in pain and silently swipe the front of he shirt , send the light cigarette to the ground . he pull up he shirt revealing a fresh burn MARK on he stomach . mrs . halpern how 's my sweet girl ? awww , you need a change , do not you honey ? Mrs. halpern pick she up and carry she to the house . as the mother unlock the front door to the house , the kid break into wide smile of relief . but wait ... the mother remember the mail and carry the baby back to the mailbox . now Tommy be the only one leave still smile . mrs . halpern you want to open the door , honey ? the baby fumble with the mailbox 's door handle for a moment -- angle on kide ' face boom !!! the blast be deafen . Evan , kayleigh and lenny watch the result in stunne horror . tommy c'mon ! run !! Evan and kayleigh slowly back away in shock and begin to run a few step when they realize that lenny be not with they . tommy lenny ? come on ! kayleigh oh my God oh my God ... lenny do not seem to hear , he eye fixate on the crimson road . Evan and Tommy double back and grab he . they try to make he break out into a run , but lenny 's foot drag limply against the ground . both Tommy and Evan grab a arm and begin to run with lenny through the wood . flash ! smash CUT to : int . evan's dorm - night Evan come to . lurch he body over the bed and vomit . sound of squeaky bed spring fill the room . look sick and pale , he lift he shirt to see a new scar from the cigarette burn . evan what the hell ? in the next bed , thumper 's head , wrap in a blanket , pop up from above a naked gesela be waist . thumper Christ , man . you wanna clean that up before I lose my appetite here ? Evan sit upright in bed and begin write in the margin of the journal . int . dorm lobby - day the lobby be decorate with colorful streamer , balloon , poster and banner announce parent ' weekend . carefree student and they parent carry shopping bag toward the bustling elevator . Evan lean against the side of a pay phone , hold he ear to draw out the noise . evan yes , hello , uh , Mrs. kagan , this be Evan treborn . ( roll eye ) I know . I be sorry about that . but I really need to speak with he . she 's obviously hang up on he . suddenly , a hand grab he shoulder . it 's professor carter . professor carter whoa ! do not mean to scare you , Evan . just want to know how the flatworm project be come . evan oh , fine I guess . it 's be kind of crazy lately with my mom come up , so I have not ... professor carter I know , I know . who can think of worm when you libido 's in full swing , right ? Evan shrug and force a smile . professor carter just do not drop the ball , okay ? evan I will not let you down , Professor Carter . Carter wave to another student and she parent and walk away . int . fancy restaurant - night a waiter clear the dish away from Evan and andrea 's table . reveal andrea her hair now have gray streak . as she sign for the bill , she lean over and kiss Evan on the cheek . evan please , mom . people will talk . andrea I can not help it . I be just so proud of you . you have get the high grade in all of you class . evan do Da -- Jason --- get good grade ? andrea ( smile ) please . he get straight a 's without ever touch a book . that be the one area where he memory never fail he . evan ma ? do he ever say that he figure out a way to recall a lose memory year after he black it out for the first time ? andrea 's smile fade . andrea why do you ask ? evan no , it 's just weird with he be such a brain and all , I just wonder if he be ever able to remember stuff he would forget . andrea when he be around you age ... almost exactly you age . he say he figure out a trick to remember the past . Evan try not to react . andrea I could not tell if they be real memory or just phantom . you know , he might only have think he actually remember they ... evan sure ... andrea and then , just before it get so bad that he have to be commit , he say that he could ... evan what ? what could he do ? andrea shake she head . andrea forget it . it 's nothing . he be far too sick by then . Evan nod , but something gnaw beneath the surface . int . evan's dorm - night Evan hastily hunt through he journal , tear up the room look for a certain book . thumper , lie on he bed , quietly watch Evan with grow concern . evan ( read aloud ) I never want to be in the movie anyway and it be cold so I want to wear my clothes but Mr. Miller take he shirt off -- thumper what the fuck be you do ? evan shhh ! I need quiet for this . thumper jump off the bed and snatch the journal away . thumper be you stupid or what ? evan what ? thumper shucks , I dunno . but maybe there 's a reason why you have repress the one day when some old lecher have you in you tighty whity , dammit ! thumper begin scan the journal entry . a bitter laugh . thumper yeah , man . I would think twice about this . you could wake up a lot more fuck up than you be now . he hand the journal back to Evan . Evan open it and begin read it silently . his hand begin to tremble and he slam the book shut in defeat . int . evan be car - countryside - day Evan , look haggard and frail , wipe the greasy hair from he eye and punch the accelerator . his tooth be clench and he hammer he fist on the dashboard . dissolve to : ext . ridgewood diner - evening Evan pull into a parking lot of a country diner . he eye a piece of paper with a address scrawle on it and get out . int . ridgewood diner - continuous a run-down greasy spoon . fill with a number of townies and trucker . the place be stale with cigarette smoke and appear decorate in grime motif . Evan be about to enter when he spot kayleigh come out of the kitchen with a tray full of food . kayleigh , now twenty , look pale and sickly thin . she bang she hip on the swinging door and a order of food crash to the floor . her boss stare back in aggravation . boss can we get through one goddamn day without you break something ? kayleigh 's face turn bett red as she bend down to clean up the order . she be humiliate and Evan lean back against a pay phone so that she can not see he watch she . as she bring the mess inside the kitchen , a customer pinch she ass . Evan closely study she reaction to the offense . she flinch uncomfortably but then compose a smile for the customer . Evan back out uncomfortably . ext . ridgewood diner - night kayleigh struggle with the zipper of a shabby coat as she exit . Evan step out of the shadow . she 's startle at first , but eventually recognize he . a smile flicker across she face and she allow herself to be hugge . kayleigh God , Evan ! I never think I would see you again . how have you be ? evan oh , comme si , comme can , you know ... kayleigh no , Evan . I do not know . it 's be a long time . fill I in . evan I be go to State now . thing be go okay . I guess . Mom 's good ... kayleigh nod and they walk down the street . she reach into she pocket , pull out a pack of smoke . evan ( decline ) not since we be kid . kayleigh I have stop a hundred time . evan so how 's Tommy ? kayleigh ( take a long drag ) they keep he in juvy for a few year . now he work over at Dale 's autobody . Evan nod and scrutinize she face with he next question . evan you still live with you dad ? her face be betrayed by a slight tick . kayleigh no . I emancipate myself when I be fifteen . evan wow . that must have take some courage . kayleigh not if you remember my dad . evan could not you have move in with you mom ? kayleigh ( shaking she head ) she have a new family . not enough space for I . Said I should have move in with she when we be kid . but ... whatever . they walk in silence for a moment . evan actually , kayleigh , the reason I come back to town be to talk to you . kayleigh ( brighten ) I ? be you kid ? why ? evan remember when I be a kid I have all this blackout ? kayleigh of course . evan well , lately some of the memory have begin to come back and I would kinda like to talk to you about one of they in particular . it would be a big help . kayleigh well , sure . I will try to remember . shoot . evan when we be kid . you dad be make a movie . Robin Hood or something ? kayleigh ( cold ) what do you want to know , Evan ? evan it 's just ... do he ... what happen in the basement ? kayleigh it be a long time ago . evan I know , but ... kayleigh ( cold ) be that why you come all the way back ? to ask a lot of stupid question about Robin Hood ? evan no , but I think something really bad might have happen to we . kayleigh stop walk and crush she cigarette . kayleigh be there a point to any of this ? Evan 's feature shift from inquisitory to tenderness . he step closer to kayleigh and softly stroke she face . she flinch at first , but remain in the same spot . evan whatever happen , it be not we fault . you know we could not have stop it . kayleigh begin to tremble . tear flow . evan look , kayleigh . this may sound like bullshit come from a guy who have not speak to you in seven year ... she move she face away from he hand . evan but you be seven year old and there 's nothing you could have do to deserve ... her face collapse and she turn away . kayleigh ( defeat ) just shut up , Evan . you be waste you breath . evan you can not hate yourself just because you dad 's a twisted freak . kayleigh who be you try to convince , Evan ?! you come all the way out here to stir up my shit just because you have a bad memory !? you want I to cry on you shoulder and tell you that everything 's all better now ? well fuck you , Evan ! nothing 's gonna be all better ! okay ?! nothing ever get better ! kayleigh run , stop and turn back to Evan . kayleigh if I be so wonderful , Evan , why do not you ever call I ? why would you leave I here to rot ?! she turn and run away . Evan look sick with guilt . ext . college campus - quad - day - 2002 a few greek play frisbee and talk trash . Evan , tired and depressed , sit on the lawn nearby , finger the new burn scar on he belly . contemplate ... int . evan's dorm - night Evan enter he dorm . he ignore thumper , who sit on Evan 's bed suck furiously from a gurgle bong . he choke out a message . thumper some dude leave a message for you . Evan put a towel under the door . evan you can smell it all the way in the bathroom . Evan hit " play " on the answer machine . answering machine ( male voice ) hi , Evan , this be Professor Carter . just wonder why you do not hand in you essay this afternoon . I be a bit concerned . call I to schedule a make -up . beep . thumper offer Evan a magnify frown of disapproval . answering machine ( male voice ) what do you say to my sister motherfucker ?! last night she cry on the phone for over a hour to I . ( enraged breathe ) she say you come and see she last night . thumper cough accidentally , tip the bong over on Evan 's bed . reacting quickly , he grab a towel from under the door and wipe off Evan 's comforter . answering machine ( Tommy ; cont would ) she ... she fuck kill herself tonight . she 's dead . ( beat ) and so be you . beep . Evan stare dumbstruck at the machine . thumper whoa , bad news , bro . I do not think this be gonna come out . dissolve to : ext . cemetery - day Evan , dress in black , get out of he car at the edge of the cemetery . a small cluster of friend and family gather at the grave . Evan grab a bouquet of rose and begin walk to the grave . when he suddenly spot Mr. Miller and Tommy . Evan 's hand tense up into fist . he become weak in the knee and stop walk . after a uncomfortable moment of stand still , he retreat to he car and watch the ceremony from the driver 's seat . dissolve to : ext . cemetery - day the last of the mourner be filing away . Evan exit he car and walk to the desert grave . he drop the rose on the casket and turn to make sure nobody be watch . Evan reach into he pocket and pull out a sheet of paper . he unfold it and leave it on she gravesite : evan's diary " I will come back for you . " int . evan's dorm - night he make a weighty decision and get up . he hastily hunt through he journal , look for a certain book . Evan open he journal mark " Age 7 " . he plop on he bed and start write sideways in the margin . evan ( v.o. ) it 's be say that a person 's life be little more than the sum of he experience . if that 's true , then I be not sure I know who I be anymore . ( beat ) I definitely never know kayleigh . he turn the page and begin read the journal . as he mouth the entry to himself , the resonance of a older man 's voice seem to reverberate throughout the room and the world behind he head faintly vibrate . flash ! smash CUT to : int . miller' house - live room - day - 1989 Mr. Miller play with he camera and the kid be excited about play Robin Hood in a movie . mr. miller shut up moron . now get in you costume Evan . Evan slowly nod and begin to strip out of he clothes . Mr. Miller take a quick peek at he . mr. miller I have get a idea . let 's go downstairs , it will look more like a dungeon down there . int . miller' basement - day - 1989 Mr. Miller put the camera on a tripod in the basement . kayleigh and Evan sit on fold chair in front of the camera . Tommy stand at the top of the basement stair , look down . mr. miller ( to Tommy ) what do I say about keep that door close , stupid ? tommy but I wanna see ! mr. miller you be gonna see my fist in about two second unless you do what I tell you . Tommy sulk and close the door . Mr. Miller lower he voice and speak to Evan and kayleigh . mr. miller now in this part of the story , Robin Hood just marry maid marian and they have to kiss and stuff like grow - up do . kayleigh giggle and cover she mouth with she hand . Evan look skeptical . mr. miller so take you clothes off kayleigh . kayleigh stop giggle . Evan say nothing . mr. miller come on , like when you take a bath . do not make a deal out of it . you too , Evan . Mr. Miller get behind the lens . the room be dead silent . mr. miller let 's go . angle on tommy who silently open the door at the top of the basement stair and watch with horror . Evan 's face be flushed with rage . he walk behind kayleigh and cup he hand tightly around she ear . she can not hear anything now . evan what time be it ? mr. miller it 's time for you to stand where the hell I tell you . evan wrong answer , fuckbag . this be the very moment of you reckoning . in the next thirty second you be go to open one of two door . the first door will forever traumatize you own flesh and blood . the mature speech seem completely surreal come from a seven - year old . Mr. Miller look around the room as if he 's the butt of some sick joke . mr. miller ( stunne disbelief ) what 's happen to -- how be you do that ? evan ( voice rise ) it will change you daughter from a beautiful child into a empty shell whose only concept of trust be betrayed by she own sick pedophile father . ultimately , it will lead to she suicide . Nice work , daddy . mr. miller ( hoarse whisper ) who -- who be you ? Evan impatiently wave the question . evan let 's just say you be be closely watch , George . you other option be to get you porn off the rack and treat kayleigh like ... oh , let 's say like how a loving father treat he daughter . sound okay to you , papa ? mr. miller ( choke ) ...yes . evan listen close then , fuckbag . you screw up again and I swear I will flat out castrate you . the impact of the last sentence be not lose on Mr. Miller . evan one last thing . Evan lean over to whisper in kayleigh 's ear . kayleigh stare at the floor , then look up at she father and shiver . kayleigh look into Evan 's eye for support . Evan nod go on . his confidence bring a boldness to she lip . kayleigh do not you ever touch I again . mr. miller I -- I will not . kayleigh summon she own new courage . kayleigh I be cold . and I be put on my clothes . as he leave to pick up she clothes , Evan grin . evan what you need to do be discipline you son Tommy , because the kid 's one sadistic pup . hiding at the top of the basement stair , Tommy recoil in horror and pick up one of he sister 's doll and begin twist the head back and forth ... flash ! smash CUT to : int . sorority bedroom - morning - 2002 a broad smile line Evan 's face as he slowly wake up from he slumber . he suddenly grab he head as if suffer from a pound migraine . montage of swirling memories Quick cut and flash of Evan and kayleigh grow older -- she seem more carefree now , full of life and less self - conscious . ext . andrea' house - day - 1989 Evan pull kayleigh around in a little red wagon . int . family restaurant - day - 1989 Evan and kayleigh play in a tub of ball in the playroom . ext . playground - day - 1989 kayleigh push Evan on a tire swing . int . multiplex theater - night - 1995 Tommy , glaring at Evan , thrashes the Teen punk . ext . junkyard - day - 1995 Burning sack in flame . ext . andrea' house - STREET - 1995 quick flash of the u- haul drive away . ext . bus station - day - 1995 at thirteen , kayleigh spunkily hop off a greyhound bus and run into Evan 's arm . ext . andrea' new house - day - 1995 still thirteen , Evan pedal he bike by he new house , kayleigh riding on the handlebar . more memory flash of Evan and kayleigh throughout the teen year , they grow up as lover now : ext . lake - day - 1997 Evan and kayleigh have romantic picnic on a rowboat . ext . high school football field - sunrise - 2002 Evan and kayleigh watch the sunrise after senior prom . back to : int . sorority bedroom - morning - 2002 finally the memory assault be over . Evan groan in pain as blood trickle from he nose . a arm reach over and touch he shoulder . kayleigh ( o.s. ) honey , be you all right ? Evan whip around to see kayleigh watch he . not only be kayleigh alive , but she 's a ravish beauty . Evan lurch back from the shock of see kayleigh and fall to the floor . she see Evan 's nose bleed and she eye go wide . kayleigh oh my God , Evan . you be bleed ! look at you ! Evan , still stunne , can do little but stare from the floor . evan ( transfix by she ) Jesus , kayleigh , you be ... ( look around ) incredible . kayleigh ( purring ) mmmm ... you give good compliment . clean up and come back to bed . he stand in the middle of she bedroom , surround by sorority plaque and pink preppy decor . Evan , hardly able to take he eye off she as she hand he a tissue . he reach for he clothes at the foot of the bed and come up with a Greek -lettere fraternity sweatshirt and brown suede jacket . evan where ... where be my clothes ? kayleigh that be you clothes , silly . Evan frown with distaste , grab a towel and head out . we follow he into : int . sorority bathroom - morning at the sink , Evan wash the blood off he face and look at he reflection in the mirror . a nearby shower shut off . evan this be too amazing ! un-fuck -real ! woman' voice ( o.s. ) I wish I could get so excited about a nose bleed . Evan turn around and see gwen , one of the sorority brat from the bar , exit the shower naked . evan whoops . sorry . my bad . Evan blushes and turn back to the mirror through which gwen dry herself with a towel while stare flirtatiously back at Evan . evan hey , you be with that asshole who throw popcorn at thumper . Evan hold he temple in pain as another memory come to he . evan and you name be ... gwen ! gwen seriously , Evan . Lay off the blow . she pat he ass and exit the bathroom . ext . college - quad - day - 2002 kayleigh , wear a long skirt and tight red sweater , catch the eye of every guy on campus . she and Evan stroll arm in arm through the quad . somehow , the world seem brighter now . even the color seem more vibrant when compare to the somewhat grimmer world we have know . many student wave to Evan and call he name . he can not remember all they name but it 's kinda cool be the bmoc . Evan take a long look at she and become curious . evan hey , uh , do not go freaking out on I over this , but do you remember when you dad first get he video camera ? kayleigh well I remember he have one ... but he , like , put it away after the first day . why would that freak I out ? evan I dunno. ( goofy smile ) just be weird . kayleigh playfully sweep she leg around to kick he on the ass , then smile as if a ghost must have do it . kayleigh such a goofus . see you tonight . kayleigh give he a big unexpected kiss and walk away . after a moment of wow , Evan run off to class himself . int . dorm lobby - day Evan insert he last quarter into the lobby pay phone and dial a telephone number . evan ( to himself ) come on , Mom , be there ! answering machine ( andrea 's voice ) andrea , ( Evan 's voice ) Evan , ( a strange , older man 's voice ) and Chuck , ( all three ) be not home right now . you know what to do . evan ( off-guard ) hi , Mom and , uh , Chuck . just call to say hi and well , call I . Evan hang up the phone , then check he watch . no , wrist . at that moment , thumper pass Evan in the lobby . evan thumper ! what time be it , man ? thumper eye this strange preppy kid with distaste . thumper whasamatter ? lose you rolex ? evan huh ? thumper fuck off , frat boy . thumper walk away , leave Evan dumbfounded . int . college classroom - day Evan run into the lecture hall and get in line behind other student who be take no. 2 pencil from a box on Professor Carter 's desk . Evan hear people he can not see call he name . somehow , it 's more creepy than cool . the Professor make a loud announcement . professor carter remember , everyone ! only two week until you science project be due . evan ( quietly ) I still owe you a essay from last week . be there any way I could get a extension ? professor carter and you be ...? evan ( disappointed ) Evan treborn . professor carter the answer 's ' no ' , Mr. treborn . now take a seat . the exam 's about to begin . Evan walk up the aisle and take a seat . as he sit down , someone put he arm menacingly around Evan 's throat . Evan flinch , turn around and see Hunter , the frat guy thumper assault the other night at dirty hank 's bar . evan leave I alone , asshole . I do not lay a hand on you , okay ? Hunter burst out laugh . hunter Evan , you be hysterical . you study for this ? evan ( awkward ) we will find out soon enough . hunter ( laugh ) I neither . Hunter surreptitiously hand Evan a cheat - sheet to the exam . Evan 's face brighten . evan you be kid . be this the answer ?! hunter damn , Evan , on the d.l. evan ( hold it lower ) thanks . wow . hey , I want to do something really special for kayleigh tomorrow . if I say I need some help from you and the brother ... hunter I would say blow I . get the pledge to do it . Evan nod and smile as exam be pass down he row . int . sorority bedroom - night Evan and kayleigh have just finish have sex . she seem incredibly satisfied , but he look slightly uncomfortable . kayleigh oh my God , that be good . where would you learn all that new trick ? evan so it do not feel ... weird ? kayleigh yeah , if you call multiple orgasm weird . she giggle and snuggle into he . he 's grateful for she affection , but still look uneasy . the phone ring and he automatically answer it . evan yellow . silence on the other end . more silence . kayleigh fuck them . as Evan hang up , he and kayleigh share a giggle and he resume snuggle position . evan what do you think it be about we that make we so perfect ? like , look back , whatever give you the nerve to sneak out and visit I after I move away ? kayleigh ( laugh ) as if my dad could have stop I from see you . what 's he gonna do to I ? Evan smile to himself . and hug she tighter . evan you think we will always be together ? for the first time she look at he with concern . kayleigh that be the plan , right ? Hell or high water ? he 's in heaven , but play it cool . evan just make sure . dissolve to : ext . frat house - front lawn - day the pledge of theta chi busily gather around Evan , they clothes cover in dirt , food and what might be vomit . Evan , now dress like he usual self , bang a wooden spoon on a metal salad bowl that a poor theta chi pledge wear as a hat . evan order , order . so all you rush know what you have get to do for I ? theta chi pledge ( correct he ) pledge , Sir brother Evan , sir. evan pledge , rushee , same difference . now this be a one - time deal . you do all this for I and I will never give you shit again . promise . a buzz of excitement run through the pledge . dissolve to : int . frat house - attic hall - night it 's peaceful now . Evan cover kayleigh 's eye with he hand as he lead she through the attic hallway . both be dress to the nine . kayleigh I do not understand , where be you take I ? evan you will see . ext . frat house - roof - continuous the wooden door to the rooftop swing open , revealing kayleigh and Evan . kayleigh be dazzle by what she see : the entire roof be decorate with fairy - light , chinese lantern and hundred upon hundred of candle . and elegant romantic table for two await they , flanke by twelve formally dressed servant ( previously see pledge ) who respectfully stare ahead with the utmost class . two pledge immediately pull out two chair and stand by . kayleigh applaud and laugh with delight . kayleigh I do not know what to say . it 's beautiful . evan go on . sit down . as she take a step toward the table -- flower petal shower down on she . she look up to see two more pledge stand on ladder , delicately toss pedal . kayleigh look overwhelm as she sit down . kayleigh why be you do all this for I ? evan simple math . when I wake up this morning and see you smile ... I know that I want to spend the rest of my life with you . her hand reach out to he and grab it fiercely . her eye tell he she feel the same way . a magical moment . and they lean into each other for a kiss so enchant it might as well be they first ever -- Hunter bolt up the stair , two at a time . hunter we be lookin ' all over for you , man . senior brother someone trash you car . the moment 's go . Evan and kayleigh exchange worried look . ext . frat house - parking lot - continuous Evan run down the front lawn to he car , the Honda park at the bottom of the hill . his face collapse . Evan 's car have be trash and be surround by break glass . the seat and tire have be slashed , the hood have be mysteriously yank off and the steering wheel sit on the roof . the most unnerve thing , however , be a spike leather dog collar hang off the rearview mirror . by now a crowd have gather . Evan run up to people . evan ( panicked ) do you see who do this ? you see anyone ? no one will answer with anything more than a shrug . hunter probably they pika fucker . but kayleigh know better . she stare at the collar . evan how could he get away with this ? right in front of the goddamn frat house ! a senior brother angrily call he from the lawn . senior brother frat house ? hey man , would you call you " country " a " cunt " ? kayleigh shudder and Evan put he arm around she . kayleigh do not . he 's probably watch . int . frat house - evan's bedroom - night Evan lead kayleigh into he bedroom and shut the door . Evan can not help but look under the bed . no one . he then lock the door , reach into he desk and find a tiny canister of pepper spray . kayleigh it 's my fault . I should have tell you he be release a few week ago . evan might 'a be nice . ( be : pepper spray ) like this be gonna do any good . maybe one of the frat guy have a gun . kayleigh please , Evan . do not even joke . he would not hurt you . he 's just try to scare you away from I . evan ( shaking the cannister ) yeah , right . tell that to crockett . kayleigh ( quietly ) it 's not he fault , Evan . you know how bad he have it when we be kid . evan do not give I this Oprah - book club bad upbringing shit , because you turn out fine . kayleigh ( quietly ) my father never laid a hand on I . it 's like the prick save it all up for Tommy . Evan sit in silence for a moment , contemplate this . kayleigh 's eye plead for he to have compassion . evan Fine , then . we will let campus security deal with he . ext . college quad - night kayleigh and Evan walk through the all - but-desert campus . Evan seem especially paranoid . in the distance , some guy vomit loudly . kayleigh be you okay ? evan what do you mean ? kayleigh it 's just ... you have be act kinda strange , you know ? evan like how ? kayleigh I do not know . you seem ... different . you make weird joke . you accent change . you do not even walk the same . evan I walk differently ? kayleigh I can not put my finger on it , but everything 's a bit off . even the dinner tonight . it be beautiful , but ... evan I know I have be actin strange lately . it 's just that ... I do not want anything to happen to we . the guy along the path gag loudly into the bush . kayleigh and Evan instinctively avert they eye . suddenly , kayleigh 's ear perk and she stop walk mid-stride . kayleigh wait . something 's not right . be not that you jacket ? evan what ? the guy , wear Evan 's brown suede jacket , suddenly spring to he foot , revealing he face for the first time . kayleigh Tommy . Tommy have grow in the last seven year . he have long , greasy hair and some tattoo . he hold a tire thumper ( a short , steel bat for trucker ) menacingly in he right hand . Evan stand freeze in fear , he hand roote in he coat pocket . evan leave we alone you sick fuck ! tommy get this " we " shit . as if I be gonna lay a hand on my own sister . you have do nicely for yourself , Evan . Nice friend , nice life , not to mention you be fuck my sister . not a bad piece of ass if I say so myself . kayleigh shut up , Tommy ! tommy aw , hey now , that be a compliment . Tommy take a few practice swing with the tire thumper . evan what the hell be you do ? tommy it be not enough that the whole world love you , but you have to take away the last person on earth who do not think I be a piece of shit . evan ( suppress panic ) no one think you be a piece of shit , Tommy . tommy right , Evan . I believe you just say " sick fuck . " Tommy rush Evan and bashes he with the tire thumper in the shoulder and rib . Evan go down . as Tommy prepare to bash he brain in , Evan whip out the pepper spray and nail Tommy in the face . Tommy reel back in pain , cover he eye with this free hand . Evan struggle to he foot and circle around Tommy , keep a distance as he douse Tommy with pepper spray . kayleigh scream . Tommy blindly stumble around , madly swinging the tire thumper . Evan charge forward in a uncontrollable rage , rip the weapon out of Tommy 's hand and spray a lethal dose of pepper spray into Tommy 's open mouth . kayleigh Evan , stop ! you be gonna kill he ! evan he 's a fuck maniac ! Evan knock Tommy down with the tire thumper . kayleigh scream and try to hold Evan back , but he easily wrestle free of she . she run to a blue streetlight on the quad . evan he ruin lenny 's life -- Evan kick Tommy hard in the rib . kayleigh push a button on the " Blue Light " lamp post and a alarm wail . evan he kill crockett -- ( kick he ) murdered that woman and she baby ! ( kick again ) and he 's try to kill I , kayleigh ! he 's try to fuck kill I ! Evan raise the tire thumper for a final attack and swing down off camera . crunch ! Evan see what he 's do and drop the weapon , horrify . kayleigh see what Evan 's do to she brother . and stop cold when she see the damage to Tommy . Evan rush toward she and she stumble backwards , still terrify by he rage , and skitter away from he in a crablike fashion . siren come racing to the quad . Evan look away from Tommy 's limp body . collapse to the ground and begin to weep . dissolve to : ext . mavis penitentiary - day a security vehicle pull through the ominous metal gate of the large state prison . the vehicle stop and Evan , along with nine other convict , exit in leg and hand restraint . int . mavis penitentiary - day Evan , now wear he standard issue inmate uniform , enter the General population area of the prison . prisoner begin scream vicious taunt and catcall at the fresh batch of new inmate . Evan try to keep compose and walk toward he cell . Evan look up to see one of the man lean over the second tier , karl , a huge muscular con with tattoo of swastikas and other Nazi symbol on he arm , blow a kiss at Evan and wink . int . evan's cell - day Evan enter a dimly light cell plaster with picture of Jesus Christ and various Saints . Burning flame on open can of shoe polish serve as candle to the large shrine . there be a stain bare mattress on the top bunk . sitting on the bottom bunk be carlo , 30 , a massive Hispanic convict cover with fade indian ink jail tat of Christ in agony . carlos stare at Evan disinterestedly as Evan make up he bed on the top bunk . carlo first time ? Evan nod glumly . carlo best not bitch up . wind up someone 's luggage that way . evan ( desperate ) can you protect I ? carlo Jesus himself could not make I take on the Brotherhood . when they come , just put you mind in another place , man . be somewhere else . a buzzer sound . carlos leave the cell without another word . int . prison cafeteria - evening Evan set he tray down at a table fill with carlos and some other inmate . no sooner have he sit down to eat , do eager fork reach onto he tray and steal he food . carlos shrug at Evan and offer he a roll . int . mavis visiting chamber - day andrea sit across from Evan in the visitor 's chamber . her hair be now bottle - blonde . four inch of plexiglas separate the two and they talk on monitor phone . andrea , frazzle , twirl a unlit cigarette . andrea ... I speak to you new lawyer about the appeal . he 's sure he can get you off on self - defense , so if you be patient . evan how long will I be in here ? andrea I do not know . this thing take time . evan how 's kayleigh do ? she all right ? andrea 's look tell he to look for hope elsewhere . evan what about my journal , Mom ? do you bring the one I ask for ? andrea nod , hold up two comp book . " age 7 " and " age 13 " . andrea I find this . the other be still in storage . evan damn it , Mom . I tell you I need they all ! andrea Fine . you will get they , Evan . but I think it 's far more important to focus on you case right now . Evan look as if he 's about to disagree with she , but he close he mouth and placate she . evan sure , Mom . you be right . just try to tell kayleigh I be sorry . and officer signal Evan and point to he watch . andrea I be not gonna lose you , kiddo . promise I you will hang on , ev. they look at each other and Evan slowly lower the phone . he hang up , andrea still press she phone to she ear . int . mavis penitentiary - day Evan walk closely behind carlos through a corridor , clutching he journal . as he pass Karl , the Neo - Nazi , Karl reach over and firmly grab Evan 's crotch . Evan , totally violate , turn white with rage . karl shit on my dick or blood on my knife . Evan stand there , stunne , unable to react when -- another neo- Nazi , rick , swat Evan 's journal out of he hand and onto the floor . life spring back into Evan as he rush for the journal . he and Rick grab the journal at the same time . a minor tug of war . evan let go ! they be mine ! Rick tear they away , Evan come up with only a few tear page . Evan see the damage and go mental . evan motherfucker ! Evan swing at Rick and miss . inmate cheer ! it 's on ! Rick lunge for Evan , a brief and painful scuffle ensue , the journal get trample . suddenly -- the sound of cocked rifle echo through the air . the fight stop instantly as Rick and Evan look up to see -- angle on officer station . officer aim rifle at the pair . from a upper tier , even more officer with more rifle . they barrel sight directly at Evan . Rick step away , quick to maliciously scoop up Evan 's tear journal . karl we will be comin ' for you tonight , sister . Evan catch he breath , then look at the remain few page on the floor . int . evan's cell - day Evan enter the cell with a few entry page . he look through they . nothing there . Evan nod depressed , then see the page from he " Age 7 " journal , grab carlos ' duct tape and tape the page over he bed . int . prison corridor - day Evan , walk toward some White supremacist , flinch whenever the occasional inmate brushes against he . Evan be completely paranoid , wait for a inevitable attack . Karl make himself visible among they , hold a journal . he read : karl ( from Evan 's journal ) today I find my grandfather 's death certificate . he die in a nut house , just like my father . Mom deny it , but she think I be gonna end up the same way ... the other supremacist start laugh and call " looney " and " nut job . " Evan rush past they and they make chicken cluck at he . ext . prison yard - day Evan and carlos sit on bleacher that overlook the other prisoner work out . Evan closely watch Karl and Rick who stare dagger at he from across the yard . a skinhead pass something with a white - tape handle to Karl but no officer seem to notice . Evan slide closer to carlos and stare at the Jesus Christ tattoo all over carlos ' back . evan you be religious carlos , you believe that bit about " the Lord work in mysterious way ? " carlo straight up . evan because I think he send I to you cell on purpose . for you to help I . carlo shit . I know you be crazy . evan I be not bullshit . Jesus speak to I in my dream . carlos scoff whatever . evan pack of smoke say I can prove it to you . carlos be suddenly interested . int . evan be cell - later Evan hold a tatter journal entry in he hand and finish up a conversation . carlos look dumbfounded . evan so when I be out , I need you to watch my face and hand closely . carlo you need to see the prison shrink , man . they conversation stop when a convict roll a mail cart by , Evan look up expectantly . evan anything today ? convict yep . just not for you . disappointed , Evan turn back to carlos . hold up he journal entry . evan just tell I if anything weird happen . carlo weirder than this ? evan Marks , scar , I dunno . anything could happen I guess . Evan study the page . journal entry " on Wednesday I get in trouble for a draw that I do not do . mommy wont let I see it . " then as he start read it to himself , the bar behind he almost imperceptibly vibrate -- smash CUT to : int . first grade classroom - day - 1989 Evan , seven , come to in a old familiar place . we be back in Mrs. boswell 's first grade class . all of the child draw colorful picture . Evan see some paper spindle sit on Mrs. boswell 's desk . as he head over to they , Mrs. boswell firmly grab he shoulder and steer he back to he own desk . mrs . boswell no monkey business , Evan . sit still and finish you draw . Evan , defeat , look over at he blank piece of paper . he smile mischievously , and grab some color pencil . mrs . boswell that 's great everyone ! just imagine anything you want to be . there be no limit . soon enough , a image emerge : Evan hold a knife , stand over a heap of several dead inmate Karl and Rick . when do , he sneak over to Mrs. boswell 's desk , where the two paper spindle sit . the metal needle reach up and skewer a number of paper note and message . Evan look over to see Mrs. boswell hold up he draw , horrify . evan ( musically ) oh , Mrs. boswelllllllll ? she look over in time to see Evan use all of he seven - year old strength to whip he hand down toward the spindle ! the moment before he palm reach they there 's a brief instant where soundscape collide and the world behind he vibrate . and we're back to : int . evan's prison cell - day - 2002 Evan come to as echoes of scream child fade . alertness slowly creep back up on he as he hear : carlo oh sweet Jesus . it 's true . it 's a miracle ! a miracle ! Evan look up to see carlos stare at he with reverence . carlo you hand . the stigmata ! Evan look to see two scar in the center of each palm . evan what do you see ? what do it look like ? carlo ( laugh ) Signs of the Lord . they just appear out of nowhere . I think you be loco ! evan so you believe I ? carlos simply stare at he , awestruck , and hand over a box of cigarettes . int . karl be cell - continuous Evan nervously approach . a crew of aryan block he path . evan I want to make a deal . the aryan laugh , make discrete eye contact with Karl , who grin and signal to let Evan pass . int . karl be cell - continuous Karl and Rick wait expectantly as Evan nervously enter . they say nothing , relishing the fearful silence . evan look . I be new to all this but I think I get how thing work . you gotta join a gang or else end up dead meat . they continue to stare . evan well it sure be not gonna fuck be with no nigger or spic . so how do we do this ? you gotta work you way up , and I be the new guy . ( look ill ) so ... should I ... I mean , do I suck you dick right now ? Karl and Rick exchange look . karl be you blood pure ? evan ( angry ) I be not no fuck kike if that 's what you mean . Rick stand . all muscle . rick let 's see what you get . and watch the fuck tooth or you will be leave without them . Evan nod reluctantly and peacefully drop to he knee . Karl and Rick lower they pants to they ankle . Evan look miserable , about to do the deed when -- carlo bulldoze past the aryan into the room , slamm Karl into the wall and jam a shank into Karl 's crotch ! Rick instantly charge carlos , but trip on the pants around he ankle . Evan , anticipate Rick 's fall , stomp Rick 's face before snatching he journal from Karl 's shelf . Evan frantically flip through they , hunt for something , as the other white supremacist charge the cell . evan carlos ! carlos drop Karl 's writhe body to the floor and press he girth against the cell door . Evan locate a entry and concentrate on the word just as the other supremacist force the door open -- Evan focus on the word . chant quickly . evan we take the wood behind the junkyard just to make sure we would not bump into Tommy . we have not see the smoke yet . word from the entry begin to shimmer . reverberant sound of barking break the sound barrier and the image of aryan storming the cell behind he become a frenetic blur smash CUT to : ext . junkyard wood - day - 1995 Evan , thirteen again , come to in the wood . Evan stumble at first , then rights himself . he seem strangely exhilated . a sinister victory smile . evan rot in hell you fuck animal . kayleigh and lenny , walk by he side , do a double take . Evan shrug " just kid " and look around , get he bearing . he whip he hand out and stop they . evan wait . before we -- he suddenly notice kayleigh who now no longer look a awkward and unkempt tomboy , but rather a vibrant and feminine young girl . whereas she clothes be loose and unflatter before , she be now radiant and wear fashionable style . Evan remember he mission and dart over to a junk pile . evan we need something to cut open the sack ! kayleigh and lenny stare at he , concerned for he sanity . Evan root through the trash until he find something : a razor sharp piece of metal about two foot long . Evan offer it to lenny . evan I want you to take this , lenny . today 's you day of atonement . I know how guilty you feel about that woman and she baby -- kayleigh Evan . stop it . it 's not the time . evan ( frantic ) now 's the only time ! ( to lenny ) today you get a chance to redeem yourself . start over with a clean slate . tabula rasa -- lenny what be you talk about ? kayleigh you be act crazy ! evan ( desperate ; to lenny ) please . if you have ever trust I before , trust I on this one . Evan place the metal shard in lenny 's hand . evan cut the rope . lenny slowly follow Evan as he bolt away . ext . junkyard - later Evan groan on the ground , writhe . Tommy 's voice hitches , eye water from pent up frustration . tommy listen to I good , Evan ... evan I will do whatever you want . you do not want I to ever see kayleigh again , fine . just let crockett go . besides , you kill he now and they will stick you in juvy for sure . and I know you would never leave you sister alone with you father . Evan 's word hit home and Tommy 's anger slowly dissipate . a look of understanding pass between they . gratitude , even . Tommy look at the sack and begin to untie it . lenny come scream from nowhere like a bat out of hell ! with all of the force he can muster , he jam the metal shard all the way through Tommy 's throat ! Tommy clutches he throat , gag in blood . Evan survey the scene in shock : evan oh fuck , lenny , no ! lenny drop to the floor , indian style , wipe the dirt in he hand and freeze up completely . kayleigh wake up and scream when she see blood spurt from Tommy 's throat . meanwhile , crockett escape from the sack . evan's Pov lenny , silhouett by the sky , seem to vibrate violently as if operate a jack -hammer . flash ! smash CUT to : int . college - evan's dorm - night - 2002 Evan come to in a familiar place . his original college dorm - only backward . evan Christ . help I . he sit upright in bed and take in he surroundings . when suddenly , Evan clutches he head in severe pain . a montage of image assault he : int . sorority bedroom - day Color memory of kayleigh 's sorority fade to black and white and dissipate . ext . frat house - night - 2002 memories of Evan 's vandalize car fade to black and white and dissipate . int . penitentiary - day - 2002 the face of Karl and Rick all turn grainy ... int . college - evan's dorm - day - 2002 as new image of thumper become more brilliant . int . sunnyvale - padd room - day - 2005 a new image overwhelm the other : lenny , 13 , with dark , soulless eye wear a straight - jacket in a padded room . back to evan : int . evan's dorm - day - 2002 Evan 's eye roll back in he head . he shake uncontrollably and blood pour from he nose . thumper open the door , see Evan convulse and jump back in horror . he scan the hallway for assistance . thumper someone call 9-1-1 ! int . sunnyvale laboratory - day Evan lie on a examine table undergo another series of cat -scan . the machine be now state of the art and the lab room have be redecorate . int . dr . redfield office - day andrea nervously chew she fingernails as she watch Dr. redfield post cat - scan result on the light box . a young nurse push Evan , in a wheelchair , into the doctor 's office . evan okay , doc . what 's the damage ? how much time have I get ? andrea cute , Evan . dr . redfield it 's a little complicated . I have not see result exactly like this before . evan be you sure ? not even with my father ? Dr. redfield and andrea exchange look . dr . redfield actually , this test be not available twenty year ago . andrea so what do you find . Dr. redfield point to the cat - scan slide , specifically , to the outer lining of Evan 's brain . dr . redfield this be where we be find most of the hemorrhage . the outer lining of the cerebral cortex . evan ( nonpluss ) lemme guess . would that be where the memory be store ? Dr. redfield stare ahead . transfix by the slide . dr . redfield I have never see anything like this . I have compare this to the one take last year , and there 's evidence of severe hemorrhage and massive neural reconstruction . andrea stare at he blankly . Evan impatiently " pop wheelies " in the wheel chair . andrea what do that mean for Evan ? evan ( to andrea ) he 's say it 's like forty year worth of new memory have be jamme in my brain since last year . overload city . ' Sat about the gist of it , doc ? Dr. redfield nod , awed by Evan 's effortless interpretation . Evan spring out of the wheelchair and stretch he leg . evan ( to andrea ) mind if I wait in the car ? the lighting here bug my eye . andrea nod . Evan shake Dr. redfield 's hand . evan well , it 's nice see you again . but you know , people to see , thing to read ... andrea shoot Dr. redfield a apologetic look . Evan head out the door , accidentally knock Dr. redfield 's jacket to the floor . he shrug apologetically and re-hang it . int . sunnyvale corridor - continuous outside the office , Evan inspect Dr. redfield 's keys and attach security card and smile . Evan covertly wind himself through the maze of corridor , careful not to be see by the staff . he finally see a wing mark " criminally insane " . Evan look around to make certain he 's not be watch , then use the security card to open the door . he look in every room of the wing until he find -- int . sunnyvale - lenny' room - continuous Evan unlock the door and be move by what he see . lenny be strapped onto a metal bed , he arm and leg in tight leather restraint . the dark five o'clock shadow and he malicious grin radiate evil . his black and haunt eye personify hate and murderous intent . lenny seem neither surprised or happy to see Evan . that be , if he 's aware of Evan 's presence at all ... evan be there anything you need ? anything I can get you ? nothing from lenny . evan what about the model , man ? Bet I can get you a shitload of model up in here . still nothing . not even a glance in he direction . Evan sigh and give up . evan okay , lenny . just want to say " hi " . Evan turn around to leave . lenny you know the whole time , do not you ? ( Evan spin around ) when you put the blade in my hand , you know something big be go to happen . do not you ?! evan ( jaw drop ) y ... yes . I guess I do . lenny 's eye seethe with hate . lenny then you should be where I be . you should be where I be . Evan back away , face guilt-strick . int . evan's dorm - day Evan enter he dormroom ( where everything 's backwards ) , reach under he bed and be relieved to find the journal mark " age 7 " . ext . college quad - day Evan be ignore by several theta chi pledge as he plop himself by a tree and hunt through he journal to find the entry from when he be seven and visit Jason at sunnyvale . journal entry " today I get to mote my father . his name be Jason and he be crazy . I hope he let I call he dad . " Evan take a calming breath and begin read . evan ( as if recite a mantra ) today I get to meet my father . his name be Jason and he be crazy ... Evan get some strange look , but continue . as he do , the tree and frisbee - play student behind he vibrate and shudder . smash CUT to : int . sunnyvale visitor's chamber - day - 1989 Seven -year old Evan come to during the time he first meet he father , Jason . Jason wait patiently for young Evan to finish he sentence . jason be you okay ? you look like you be somewhere else for a second there . evan look , Jason , I need some fast answer if I be ever gonna fix what I have do . Jason be completely throw . jason I be praying this curse would have end with I . evan but it do not . and now I need info to make thing right again and you be the only one who can give it to I . jason ( frustrated ) there be no " right " . when you change who people be , you destroy who they be . evan who 's to say you can not make thing better ? Jason seem extremely upset to hear Evan say this . jason you can not play God , son . it must end with I . just by be here , you may be kill you mother . evan bullshit . I will send you a postcard when I have make everything perfect again . Jason launch himself across the table , shackle and all , and grab hold of Evan 's throat . evan's Pov as Jason look down at we , froth at the mouth , there 's a trick of the light where Jason 's head seem to vibrate against the ceiling . flash ! smash CUT to : ext . college quad - day - 2002 Evan 's hand instinctively reach for he throat , then he realize he surroundings . heartbroken , he shut the journal and stand up shakily . int . ridgewood diner - early evening Evan eat in the same diner where kayleigh use to work . as he eat , he arm sit in front of he plate , protectively . guarding he food . waitress just get out , didja ? evan huh ? waitress ( be : he arm ) nothing . just that my brother do a stint in the pen and he use to eat like that . evan ( defensively ) I come from a big family . waitress meant no offense . evan none take . hey , uh , do kayleigh Miller still work here ? waitress ( confuse ) sorry . never hear of she . ext . miller house - evening Evan slowly walk up the driveway , which be now a dilapidate mess . garbage litter the front lawn and paint chip rot off the side of the house . Inside , Mr. Miller yell at someone . mr. miller just shut the hell up already ! can not a man get a little goddman peace in he own home ! ( Evan ring doorbell ) oh , for Christ 's sake , now what ? Mr. Miller open the door and see Evan . mr. miller do not suppose you be here to sell cookie ? in a blur , Evan grab Mr. Miller 's shirt and violently shove he through the house and into a wall . evan good guess , fuckbag . ( off Miller 's startle face ) remember I now ? we have a great chat once when I be seven . Mr. Miller go slack , he eye wide with horror . evan one question , fuckbag . where can I find you daughter ? ext . seedy HOTEL - night Evan walk past some junky and enter . int . seedy HOTEL - continuous Evan step over some pass out body that litter the hallway of a incredibly seedy motel . the kind with hourly rate . he knock on a door . kayleigh , now haggard , strung - out junkie , open the door and immediately the contempt for Evan grow in she eye . she put out a expression of disappointment . kayleigh oh , I think you be my eight o'clock . make it fast , I be expect someone . evan Nice to see you , too . can I come in ? she look around , wave he in . kayleigh if I know you be come I would have clean the stain off the sheet . int . kayleigh seedy HOTEL room - continuous the room be dirty and sparse , except char - bottom spoon , yellow cotton ball and brown -spotted square of tin foil . Evan do not hesitate to sit on the " soile " bed . kayleigh what do you want ? Evan can not speak . his eye begin to water . evan I just need to see ... a friendly face . his sincerity touch she . kayleigh well , time be money , Evan . so you ... Evan reach for he wallet and throw it on she dresser . kayleigh eye the wallet . but make no move to pick it up . kayleigh well , I guess I can spare ten minute for a old friend , right ? tear fall freely from Evan 's eye . kayleigh so how 's trick ? sorry , occupational humor . evan I get it . you can drop it now . kayleigh ( angry again ) oh , I be sorry . do my line of work make you uncomfortable , precious ? evan no. just that you need to hurt I with it . I have be where you have be . kayleigh ha ! where 's that ? evan the bottom . when you be just a piece of meat wait for the next attack . kayleigh watch Evan silently . kayleigh what 's happen to you ? evan you would not believe I . I mean , people always say , " you would not believe I " , but in this case , it 's not even worth try . kayleigh I have see some sicken shit . I do not blink twice anymore , especially in you case . evan why 's that ? kayleigh because you be ... different . evan different ? how ? kayleigh let I ask you a question . just a little one that 's be gnaw at I for year . evan yeah ? kayleigh on the bridge . how do you know that Tommy have you dog ? that be no fuck hunch . evan do you remember when I be a kid and I have that blackout ? Evan continue and kayleigh listen with a mixture of intense interest and match skepticism . dissolve to later : int . diner - night kayleigh finish a plateful of food at a busy diner . she light up a after-dinner smoke . kayleigh you be right , Evan , I do not believe you . evan I never think you would . that 's why I have never bother to tell a soul until now , and why I never will again . kayleigh I be the only person you have tell ? that 's a great line . do that make other girl swoon ? do they actually eat up this bullshit ? evan I could not give a shit if you believe I or not , and frankly I be too tired to prove it to you . kayleigh oh ? there 's proof now ? evan ( tired ) shit . I dunno . how would I know about the twin mole on you inner thigh ? kayleigh anyone with fifty buck could tell you that . evan then forget that . how about ... you prefer the smell of a skunk to flower , you hate cilantro because for reason unknown to you , it remind you of you step-sister . kayleigh 's jaw drop . evan oh ! and when you orgasm , you toe go numb . I be sure you clientele be not privy to that one . kayleigh try to conceal the surprise in she eye . evan I just think you should know . kayleigh know what ? evan that I do not leave you there to rot . kayleigh flinch as if she should have be invade , then she eye fill with distrust and contempt . kayleigh there 's one major hole in you story . evan which be ? kayleigh there be no fuckin ' way on this planet or any other that I be in some fuckin ' sorority . she open Evan 's wallet and leave a twenty on the table . kayleigh sure you do not want you wallet ? evan do not think I will need it where I be go . kayleigh off to change everyone 's life again , be that it ? maybe this time you will pop up in some mansion while I wind up in Tijuana do the donkey act . evan I be over it . whenever I try to help anyone it all turn to shit . kayleigh well , do not give up now , slick . you have already do so much for I . Hell , why do not you go back in time and save Mrs. halpern and she baby . then maybe lenny would not freak out and ruin my family . she get up and put on she coat . kayleigh oh , here 's one ! go back when I be seven and fuck I in front of daddy 's handicam , you know , straighten I out a bit ... she toss he wallet over she shoulder at he and leave . int . evan's dorm - day Evan enter he familiar look dorm and hear the familiar sound of thumper have sex with another naked gothic CO - ed . on Evan 's bed . evan get out . both of you . thumper sorry , dude . just figure it would be okay with you bein ' sick and all . Evan 's temper flare and he pick up a chair and smashes it against a wall above thumper 's head . evan I be not say it again . thumper and the co-e quickly cover themselves in the blanket and leave . alone in the room , Evan look under he bed and breathes a sigh of relief to see all of he journal be intact . he sift through they again . he finally find the passage he need . something catch the corner of Evan 's eye and he turn to examine it . to the leave of thumper 's buddha statuette sit a large votive candle that bear a portrait of Jesus Christ . evan ( humble ) Lord give I the strength and guidance I need to set thing right . as he begin read a passage to himself , sound echo backward at we from another time and place . and the entire room shimmer around he -- smash CUT to : ext . mrs . halpern' house - day - 1995 Evan come to as he , kayleigh , lenny and Tommy -- all thirteen -- watch Mrs. halpern carry she baby back to the mailbox across the street with intense anticipation . Evan suddenly come to life and make himself visible , run across the street shouting . evan Lady , stay back ! do not go near the mailbox ! Mrs. halpern , startle , stare at the young kid skeptically as she absently continue toward the mailbox . evan I mean it , woman ! get the hell back ! lenny come run across the street to Evan 's aid , and Tommy shrug and follow after he . lenny there 's a bomb in the mailbox . get away ! Tommy , still run , cringe to hear lenny 's stupid confession and roll he eye at the situation . Evan position himself between Mrs. halpern and the mailbox , frantically wave he hand at she to stay back , because she 's still coming . tommy I will save you lady ! Tommy take a run dive at Mrs. halpern , perhaps a bit too hard , and send she and the baby to the pavement , hurt , but no major injury . see thing be safe , Evan back away from the mail -- boom ! the blast be deafen ! Evan 's body be hurl backwards dramatically . flash ! smash CUT to : int . evan's dorm - day - 2002 Evan come to back in he dorm , the same poster be on the wall , the sheet be the same . even the familiar sound of thumper have sex under the cover . evan I think I tell you two to beat it . Evan 's face fall as he hear a familiar voice , but not thumper 's . lenny what ? hey , sorry , man . we wake you up ? Evan be confuse by lenny 's presence , but smile to himself and shake he head " no " . evan no , it 's cool . ( be : lenny 's okay ) really cool . Evan yawn , bring he hand to he mouth , but there 's no hand . no arm , really , either . just two fleshy stump ! Evan bolt upright in bed and stare down at he amputation . a flood of memories assault he : we see countless and brief image flash of Evan grow up from the age of thirteen with no arm , and require a wheelchair . int . multiplex theater lobby - day - 1995 Tommy and kayleigh load popcorn and drink onto Evan 's lap as lenny push the wheelchair . int . andrea' house - kitchen - day - 1995 Evan celebrate he 14th birthday and blow out the candle . andrea , kayleigh , Tommy and lenny all clap . ext . church - day - 1995 Tommy push Evan to church . int . evan's dorm - day - 2002 Evan scream as blood pour from he nose . lenny be out of bed at once to help he ... as be kayleigh ! ( now beautiful and natural look ) . quick series of flash : ext . lake - day - 1999 lenny and kayleigh , as teens , sit together with Evan at the far end of the boat . int . high school - day - 1999 Evan look on longingly as lenny and kayleigh become lover in high school . ext . wood - night - 1999 a campfire . Evan sip from a Beer cap as lenny and kayleigh make out in plain sight with Tommy 's bashful approval . back to evan : int . dorm hallway - day - 2002 Evan 's in agony as kayleigh open a series of dorm door and lenny rush Evan 's wheelchair through . kayleigh carry a pair of prosthetic arm in she hand . Evan moan and try to rub he temple with he stump . evan where be we go ? kayleigh we have to get you to sunnyvale . you be have one of you famous hemorrhages . evan stop ! take I back ! lenny sorry , tough guy , no can do . you mother would kill I . Evan launch he body forward and spill clumsily out of the wheelchair . lenny must halt in order not to crush Evan . as Evan writhes about on the floor , he leg paralyze , a crowd gather . Evan focus on lenny , but it 's hard to ignore the crowd that titter and snicker in the background . evan take I back , lenny ! ( tooth clench ) you owe I that much . kayleigh turn to face the jeer crowd . kayleigh what be you geek look at ? must be nice to be so goddamn perfect , huh ? Fucking loser . the crowd break up and leave . ext . college quad - day it 's calm now . lenny and kayleigh push Evan 's wheelchair around the quad . Evan now wear prosthetic arm . random people call out to lenny . he 's extremely popular in this world . lenny ' sup , Sheila ! we miss you at the party ! do not even think I be give you my lab note either ! think I like get up for " eight thirty 's " ? lenny push Evan past thumper and cricket . they conversation stop and they stare at they foot as Evan get wheeled by . Evan boil to be treat as if he be non-existent . lenny hey , there 's Tommy . Evan spin around in fear . he see Tommy , clean -cut , and hand out flyer in front of a banner that read " campus crusade for Christ . " Tommy seem good - nature now , work hard and solicit name for he list . he look up as Evan roll along and he eye brighten to see Evan . tommy I do what you say , man ! we be pool we student fund with hillel House and we be go to have a awareness dance . evan oh goody , nothing like spin my chair around to a techno mix of hava nagila till I puke . Tommy frown and exchange glance with lenny , who shrug and nod back to he . lenny uh , we should be get to class now . evan forget it . what 's the point of psych now ? tomorrow I could wake up as some dirt farmer in Bangladesh . another exchange glance . kayleigh look at Evan . kayleigh let 's go for a stroll . Evan allow kayleigh to roll he away from the other . to the very spot where Evan once kill Tommy . Evan stare at he prosthetic hand which he can " magically " will to open , close , open , close ... evan so Tommy 's really into this Jesus kick , huh ? kayleigh look at he curiously . kayleigh you know how spiritual he 's get ever since he save Mrs. halpern and Katie . evan he save Mrs. halpern ? please , the twisted fuck . kayleigh , now by a bench . stop and sit . as she casually use she foot to turn he chair to face she , she pull out a granola bar and hand it to he . his prosthetic hand crush it . it crumble to dust . she seem more confuse . kayleigh be something the matter ? evan ( be : prosthetic arm ) yeah , I think I gotta get this fix or something . she lean into he , gently feed he she remain bar . evan kayleigh ? do you ever think about " we ? " I mean , wonder if it could ever have be different between the two of we ? kayleigh sure , Evan , why not ? you be the first person I really ever care about . evan I be ? kayleigh that 's why when I be little I never go to live with my mother . evan I do not get it . kayleigh ( feed another bite ) when my folk split , they give I and Tommy a choice who we want to live with . I could not stand my dad , but I know if I move to my mom 's I would never see you again . evan I never know that . so then you still sometimes think of we ... together ? kayleigh it 's cross my mind from time to time . evan ( hopeful ) and ...? kayleigh well a lot of thing cross my mind . I have always be a fast thinker , ev. I can play out the movie of we entire life in under a second . boom -- we fall in love -- get marry -- two kid , you keen analytical insight match to my generous nature -- kid grow old as do we , relatively stable relationship , match burial plot , the whole bit . it take a lot longer to spit out than to imagine . evan then you think it might have work out ? kayleigh why not ? but that 's not how thing wound up . I be with lenny , lenny 's you friend . and there it end . she look into he eye and shrug almost apologetically . tear streak down Evan 's face as he speak in a plead tone . evan would it make any difference if I tell you that no one could possibly love anyone as much as I love you ? kayleigh shake she head sadly , then suddenly look up . Evan turn to see lenny wave she over . she put she hand on Evan 's shoulder , stand and go to lenny . Evan can not take he eye off she . angle on lenny kissing kayleigh . in painful slo-mo . Evan turn away , utterly heartbroken . int . handicapped bathroom - day close up Evan 's stump turn on a bathtub faucet . reveal : Evan , fully clothed , lie in a bathtub that 's fill with water . beside the tub , the wheelchair have be tip over . the water rise past he mouth , to he nostril -- Evan make he peace and take a final breath . and the water spill over the side of the tub . all Evan can do be watch it , still breathe easily through he nose . a beat . then the door open . tommy enter . immediately size up the situation . tommy you forget to put the toaster on the edge . Tommy casually turn off the water , then pop open the drain . the water level lower to Evan 's mouth . evan but you , kayleigh and lenny like toast . and that 's really all that matter now . Tommy feel Evan 's anguish and plop he ass on the wet floor by the tub . he lay he head onto Evan 's shoulder . Evan bristle at first , but finally give in to he hatred , ultimately rest he own head against Tommy 's . take the comfort offer . tommy I will get you change . visit hour be almost up . int . ST . vincent's hospital - evening Tommy roll Evan through a quiet hospital corridor . evan ( look around ) what , do mom get transfer again ? Tommy frown , confuse , then roll Evan into -- int . andrea' room - continuous Evan be startle to see andrea hook up to several iv 's , a oxygen tank and a respirator . several oxygen hose connect to a tracheotomy tube . Tommy smile and kiss andrea on the cheek . she tousle he hair in return . Evan can hardly speak . as Tommy begin to wheel Evan 's chair closer to andrea 's bedside , andrea utter a faint whisper . andrea look . good. kiddo . Evan eye she medical clipboard as he 's wheeled by . evan ( read ) lung cancer ? tommy sorry , Mrs. T. he 's be out of sort lately . andrea flinch to hear this . Evan stare at she , eye wide . evan right ... you start chain smoking after I blow myself up . Evan suddenly seem sick with guilt . evan there must be a way to fix this . andrea fix ? evan I just need the entry about the blockbuster . wait , shit , no arm . I never even get the chance to write it . a flicker of recognition register in she eye . andrea be Evan ... different ? tommy he 's just go through some tough time . evan Mom . do not cry . I can change this . tommy I think I will go check out the chapel . andrea you be . acting . like you father . evan come on , Mom . just ' cause dad be my age when he start go crazy do not mean that I be nut . andrea be shocked . andrea how . do you . know that ? evan you tell I that on Parents ' weekend . remember ? wait , that be not I . or you . she use she leave hand to pinch off the air to she oxygen tube and force herself to speak in a sick , gravely manner . andrea just . like . Jason . evan do not worry . I be gonna get you out of here . he push a lever and the mechanical wheelchair roll itself out of the room . andrea force she loudest raspy scream . andrea stop he . stop he . stop he ... int . evan's dorm - night lenny tear through old cardboard box in Evan 's closet . Evan watch nearby . lenny be you sure you even pack it ? evan my mom pack for I . I think she send everything I ever own . so we will see . Evan watch lenny eagerly as he dump ton of Evan 's junk on the floor . Old report card , book , toy and photo album fall on the floor . lenny be this it ? Evan beam when he see lenny hold he old journal . age 7. lenny what do you need it for ? I do not get you lately . evan duly note . now I be gonna ask you for one last favor . lenny what ? evan shhh . I need to concentrate on the blockbuster if I be gonna destroy it . lenny ( concerned ) destroy it ? evan if I have not blow my arm off , Mom never woulda start smoking in the first place . now shhhh . lenny , utterly baffle , sit back in silence and watch Evan begin read he journal to himself for a beat . on evan as new sound echo backward . there 's a -- shimmer ! smash CUT to : int . andrea' house - kitchen - morning - 1989 Evan come to in he childhood kitchen . he be only seven year old . he cough up lucky charm that have " magically " appear in he mouth . on a journal before he be the recently write passage : journal entry " today mommy be take I to play with kayley and Tommy . I will mote there father and see what a real dad be like . " andrea be nowhere in sight . Evan spring to he foot and flexe he real hand triumphantly . evan yes . now how do I destroy the blockbuster ? he rummages through the utensil drawer and pull out a large butcher knife and grab it . he tuck it into he sock but it will not fit . he 's still debate what to do when : andrea walk in and be startle by the unexpected sight of Evan hold a huge knife . Evan see she but remain expressionless . andrea 's face blanch . andrea Evan ? what be you do with that knife ? flash ! smash CUT to : int . evan's dorm - night - 2002 Evan come to to find lenny still stare at he . wait for something big to happen . evan well , that do not work ... Evan flip a single page of he journal and try again . he read to himself , then relax he head -- flash ! smash CUT to : int . miller' basement - day - 1989 Evan , seven again , stand in the basement dress in he Robin Hood costume as Mr. Miller prepare for the sex scene . mr. miller now in this part of the story , Robin Hood just marry maid marian and they have to kiss and stuff like grow - up do . kayleigh giggle . there seem to be a new glint of intelligence in Evan 's eye as he adjust to he new surroundings . evan wait ! I need my belt ! Mr. Miller be puzzle , but watch Evan skip to the fireplace . evan ( overly childlike ) loo loo , skip to my loo . loo loo , skip to my loo . Mr. Miller put he eye back to the viewfinder as Evan quickly find Mr. Miller 's old army thermos in the bottom drawer of the dresser , open it and shake out the blockbuster . evan loo , loo , skip to my loo . he try to crack it with he own hand , but he seven - year old body be too weak . mr. miller hey kid , do not bother with the belt . Mr. Miller finally turn around and see Evan bang the blockbuster on the table . shock register in Mr. Miller 's eye and he take a step towards Evan . evan back off , fuckbag ! Mr. Miller freeze on that , and Evan smile at he . evan amazing . that word never fail to make a impression with you ... Mr. Miller take a slow , non-threatening step toward Evan . mr. miller easy do it , Evan ! do not be a bad boy or I will tell mommy you be naughty . evan and I will tell the child protective service about you kiddie porn endeavor . one step closer and I will shove this up you ass ! kayleigh 's mouth hang open with utter amazement at the scene . Tommy , hide at the top of the stair , slowly creep down to get a better view . Evan rummages in the bureau and find the wooden " strike anywhere " match use at thirteen to light he cigarettes . mr. miller that 's dangerous ! you could blow you hand off ! evan be there , do that . Evan , stand near the fireplace , defiantly strike the match with this thumb and lower the flame to the short fuse . Mr. Miller charge Evan just as the fuse be light ! Mr. Miller knock the blockbuster from Evan 's hand and it roll towards the other side of the room , rest peacefully against the video camera . kayleigh 's eye be dazzle by the sparkling fuse and she bend down to pick it up -- mr. miller / tommy / evan kayleigh ! noooooooooo ! ext . miller' house - day - 1989 boom ! the blast be deafen . flash ! smash CUT to : int . sunnyvale - evan be room - day - 2002 Evan , twenty , wake up with a bloody nose . evan oh God , kayleigh ... Evan get a new series of quick image and flashed face . int . family courtroom - day - 1989 Evan ( now seven ) be institutionalized before a judge . int . sunnyvale institution - day - 1989-1994 Evan ( seven through twelve ) grow up in a institution . int . dr . redfield office - day - 1989-1994 Evan undergoe year of therapy under redfield 's care . flash ! smash CUT to : int . evan be room - sunnyvale - day - 2002 Evan lie in a room , same poster from college adorn the wall . blood flow freely now . evan ( sobbing uncontrollably ) kayleigh ... no ! you can not die again ! I will not let this happen . I will not ! Evan fight off the pain and look under he bed for something . evan where be they ?! his journal be miss ! he run from the room . int . dr . redfield offcie - day Evan run into Dr. redfield 's office just as another patient be leave . dr . redfield hey , Evan . what 's the big rush ? we do not meet for another hour . evan where be my goddamn book ? dr . redfield book ? evan my journal ! where be they ? the doctor look heartbroken , as if Evan have have a relapse . dr . redfield it kill I to have to go through this again . there be no journal . there never be . it 's part of this fantasy world you mind create to cope with the guilt of kill ... Evan look stunne . refuse to believe it . dr . redfield think Evan . you have invent a disease that do not exist . alternate universe with college , prison , paraplegia ... evan but I ... I need that book . dr . redfield you remind I of you father . he always scream for a photo album even though he never have one . evan photo ? Evan 's eye roll back and he collapse lifelessly to the floor . int . sunnyvale laboratory - day Evan lie on a platform and get another series of cat - scan . int . evan be room - night Evan , no longer incapacitate , stare out the window into the darkness . alone . trapped . hopeless . int . dr . redfield office - day later that day , Dr. redfield post the new cat - scan slide on the light box and shudder when he see the result . andrea look on anxiously . dr . redfield Jesus , no . andrea , bite she nail , be unable to conceal she fear . andrea no dance , just tell I . dr . redfield ( devastate ) the hemorrhage ... the neural damage be irreparable . I be frankly surprised he still have use of he motor function . andrea begin to break down in tear . Evan secretly listen in from the hallway . his gaunt face look deep in think . he take a breath and enter the lab , make sure not to look directly at he weep mother . evan hey , Mom , didja remember to bring that goofy old home movie we use to make ? andrea wipe tear away , nodd in advance . int . dr . redfield corridor - night Evan see no one be watch he in the institution corridor as he throw he weight into the door of the doctor 's office , break it open . sporadically , severe vibration invade Evan 's environment , threaten to distract he from he mission . int . dr . redfield office - night Evan enter the office and tear the file cabinet apart , look for something . his nose bleed profusely and he repeatedly wipe the blood off he face with irritation . Evan see a cardboard mark treborn , E. grab it and hide under the doctor 's desk . int . dr . redfield corridor - continuous flashlight beam stab through the darken corridor hunt for he . a alarm sound . guard be shouting . int . dr . redfield office - continuous Evan , under the doctor 's desk , grab some paper and begin write in shorthand . evan if anyone find this , then I guess my plan do not work and I be already dead . again , the world flutter as if it be attach to a paint - shaker . he take a deep breath . evan but I -- I can just go back to the beginning of all this , I might be able to save she . fatigue overwhelm he , but he continue write ... int . dr . redfield corridor - continuous Dr. redfield catch up with the rest of the guard . dr . redfield he 's not in he room . search the grounds . int . dr . redfield office - continuous the cardboard box be overturn . Evan finish thread a super - 8 film projector and turn it on . careful not to let any light spill against the wall , Evan project it at the underside of the desk . we see familiar home movie footage from he childhood : lenny , 5 , have a birthday party . kayleigh be there . angle on evan's eye get lose in the memory . chaotic noise of children' party bleed into Evan 's reality . the world shudder uncontrollably . smash CUT to : ext . lenny' backyard - day - 1987 Evan , 5 , come to at a birthday party . he 's unexpectedly gently prodd forward by andrea . andrea go on , Evan . introduce yourself . Evan slowly approach kayleigh , only five . she smile bashfully at he . a old memory come back to he . kayleigh ( v.o. ) when my folk split , they give I and Tommy a choice who we want to live with . I could not stand my dad , but I know if I live with my mom , I would never see you again ... Evan slowly look around the yard , take in the reality of this distant memory . he even inhale the aroma of the place . savore the moment . he lock eye with kayleigh . andrea ( o.s. ) he 's not usually this shy . it 's time . Evan lean over to kayleigh as if he 's about to kiss she . then whisper in she ear : evan I hate you . if you ever come near I again , I will kill you and you whole family . kayleigh react predictably . burst into tear and run into kayleigh 's mother 's arm . kayleigh mother what do you say to she ? what happen ?! Evan ignore they . he can not take he eye off kayleigh . evan Goodbye . his eye well up . flash ! smash CUT to : int . evan's dorm - day - 2002 Evan wake up with a bloody nose . he grab a pillow and cover he head with it as a flood of memory seize he . lenny ( look fit ) grab a towel from atop a award - win flatworm project and hand it to Evan . lenny ( o.s. ) you alright ? should I call the doctor ? Evan groan and shake he head " no " . he ride out the pain like a seasoned pro . when it finally subside , he lower the pillow and smile feebly . evan I will think I will be alright this time . ( a new hope ) I really do . lenny nod , still concerned . int . college - incinerator room - later Evan open the door to a concrete room with a large furnace . he and lenny carry cardboard box . lenny you sure about this ? Evan nod . they silently dump ton of journal into the fire . Evan step outside and return with a box of home movie , photo album , old report card , etc . in they go . close on Burning journal . dissolve to : ext . CITY STREET - day - 2010 Evan , a suit now , walk down a city street cradling a cell phone to he ear . title card : year later evan ( into phone ) yeah , ma. I be run a little late for lunch . one of my patient have a breakdown . anyway , order some soup in the meantime . see ya soon . as he click off , a attractive woman wear a power suit approach from the other direction . Evan have to look closely , but it 's kayleigh . a mature woman , now . he stumble slightly , catch off guard . as she pass , she eye linger on he a little longer than necessary , but there 's no recognition . Evan watch she continue past he and down the sidewalk . after a hesitant beat , he take a breath , turn around and follow she . fade to black . Roll credit ... the end