the guard by JOHN michael mcdonagh final shoot draft - contain all revision January 2010 reprisal film / element picture 21 mespil Road Dublin 4 Ireland tel : +353 1 618 5032 10 ext . connemara , west coast of ireland - dawn helicopter shot -- a red car speed through the barren landscape , veer wildly , just as the sun be rise , glint of light break the darkness . int . red car - dawn five young men be pass a whiskey bottle around . Public enemy play on the CD player . ext . country road - dawn a garda police car be park in the road . int . garda car - dawn garda sergeant gerry boyle behind the wheel . stare off into space . ext . connemara - dawn the red car zoom along at breakneck speed -- ext . country road - dawn eventually shoot past boyle in he police car -- int . garda car - dawn boyle barely react -- suddenly there come the sound of screeching brake , and the boom of a high - impact car crash -- boyle unhurriedly start the car . ext . bridge - sunrise the red car have slam straight into a side wall of the bridge . a young man have be throw clear , the other four crush inside the car . boyle drive up . get out beside the young man , who be cover in blood . he squat , put a finger to the young man 's throat . he be dead . boyle approach the concertina car . int . red car ~ sunrise close on boyle as he look inside . he wince . ext . bridge - sunrise boyle return to the young man . go through he pocket -- 10 ( continued ) 10 11 12 shoot script october 9th 2009 2 . continued : 10 extreme close - ups of cash , a condom and a small clear plastic bag contain two gram of coke , two ecstasy tablet , and a tab of lsd with a smiley face . boyle replace the cash and the condom , get up and stroll over to the other side of the bridge . he fish inside the plastic bag , take out the lsd and swallow it -- extreme close - up of the tab of lsd with a smiley face . he toss the bag . look out over the water at the sunrise . boyle what a beautiful fuck day . int . open title - day 11 overhead shot -- boyle asleep on he bed . wearing only blue-and - yellow Marks & Spencer y-front , and a white undershirt . his beer - belly peeping through . a large poster of Daniel o’ donnell on the wall above he . a half - empty bottle of dessert wine on he nightstand , beside a copy of sabatini 's scaramouche . swim trophy array in a glass cabinet . boyle throw a arm out suddenly , fight some demon in he dream , and wake up . boyle cross he bedroom , still in he underwear , and scratch at he ball . close on -- a blue shirt , with three chevron , buttone up over he paunch . close on -- a navy tie sloppily knotted . close on -- navy trousers awkwardly hop into . close on -- a utility belt , with handcuffs and baton , buckle up , show its garda crest . close on -- safety boot stamp down . close on -- a navy tunic jacket , with three chevron , buttone up . close on -- a navy cap place firmly on he head . boyle look sourly at he reflection in a cupboard mirror . ext . connemara - day 12 skyscape , with bank of cloud , low horizon . 13 shoot script october 9th 2009 3. ext . cottage - day 13 garda aidan mcbride wait by the door with two coffee . boyle drive up . get out , look around -- two little girl be look on . mcbride approach boyle , hold out a coffee . boyle who the fuck be you ? mcbride aidan McBride , sergeant . boyle do not know ya . mcbride I have just be transfer from Dublin . boyle big-city boy , hah ? and here 's I , just a lowly country nobody . mcbride '' Lonely '' ? boyle hah ? mcbride a '' lonely country nobody '' ? boyle '' lowly '' . '' lowly '' . mcbride oh '' lowly '' . I think you say '' lonely '' . boyle not too sharp on the uptake , hah ? you will go far in this outfit . boyle take the coffee from mcbride , sip it , grimace , and toss it to the ground -- boyle a fuck latte be my drink . mcbride they tell I cappuccino . boyle walk off , smile to himself . 14 shoot script october 9th 2009 4 . int . cottage - day 14 a dead man slump against a wall . twenties , blond hair . a halo of blood and brain matter about he head from a single bullet wound . page from a book stuff into he mouth . " 5 1 / 2 '' paint in red on the wall above he head . a pot-plant balanced on he crotch . boyle and mcbride survey the scene . a photographer take photo with a archaic camera , the bulb pop . boyle what the fuck be he do here ? mcbride he 's the scene -of-crime photographer . what do you -- boyle be you soft in the head or what ? ( to the photographer ) get out of here , Mick , before I tell you mammy what you have be up to . photographer sure it 's all good clean fun , sergeant . I have what I need anyways . he pat he camera and hustle out the door just as boyle shape to give he a kick . mcbride look puzzle . boyle I be worried about that lad , now . he have a interest in the photographic art that I can only describe as unhealthy . ( examine the dead man ) he look like Brendan foley . mcbride produce a pad and pen , note the name . mcbride you know he ? boyle I know he auld fella . he run off with my second cousin . I say '' run off '' , the auld fella be ina wheelchair . he be a ... what - d'ya - call - it ? mcbride paraplegic ? ( continued ) 14 shoot script october 9th 2009 5 . continued : 14 boyle spastic , yeah . ( pause ) wheele off . extreme close - up of the name '' Brendan foley '' , underline . mcbride Brendan foley . I x11 get onto this -- boyle I say he look like Brendan foley , I do not say it be Brendan foley . mcbride look at boyle . extreme close - up of the name '' Brendan foley '' , cross out . boyle this place be rent out to tourist . mcbride I know . i’11 check with the woman in the office . I could not see any id here . boyle squat beside the dead man . he take the page from he mouth and study they . mcbride ah ... should you , ah ... should you be remove that ? boyle from the Bible , look like . I know there have be a fuck religious angle . he toss they aside . look at the dead man again . boyle he be a good-look lad . Lovely lip . mcbride shoot boyle a look . boyle the significance of the pot-plant have I somewhat perplex . mcbride maybe it 's genus be a clue . boyle '' genus '' , hah ? Fancy . ( continued ) 14 shoot script october 9th 2009 6 . continued : 14 he remove the pot-plant . place he hand on the dead man 's crotch and look up at the ceiling , like some kind of weird psychic . mcbride what the hell be you do ? boyle I have the gift . do nobody tell ya ? mcbride be confuse . boyle you never interfered with a corpse before ? it 's great gas . mcbride ah now , listen , I do not think -- boyle I be just mess . lighten up , for fuck 's sake . he pat the dead man 's crotch . stands up . light a cigarette . mcbride I really do not think that be appropriate . boyle ah , would you fuck off to America with you '' appropriate '' , fuck Barack Obama . mcbride I be only say -- boyle any money in the house ? mcbride what ? no . I mean , I have not check . boyle you have not check if there 's any money in the house ? what kind of a fuck guard be you , anyways ? mcbride be at a loss how to reply . boyle put he hand to the wall -- boyle five and a half . ( pause ) five and a half . ( more ) ( continued ) shoot script october 9th 2009 7 . 14 continued : 14 boyle ( cont 'd ) ( pause ) now what the fuck would that mean ? mcbride there 's a film call 8 1 / 2 . fellini . boyle look blankly at he . mcbride there 's another film call se7en . boyle be you just go to list a load of fuck film title with number in they ? I can do that , sure . four for Texas . Robin and the Seven hoods . ten thousand bedroom . be that you idea of police work , hah ? mcbride I be only say . boyle well do not say . he blow smoke ring . mcbride maybe this be the killer 's five and a half ... halfth victim . boyle ( feign interest ) go on . mcbride maybe he 's kill four people before now , and he 's maim another lad . cut off he leg maybe . which would be the half . so this would be victim number five and a half . boyle interesting theory . so what you be say be , we may very well have a serial killer on we hand . mcbride it 's a distinct possibility . boyle well that would be a first for galway . wo not the big-city boy be jealous about that when they find out ? mcbride they will indeed . ( continued ) 14 15 shoot script october 9th 2009 8. continued : 14 boyle not such a backward little town then , hah ? mcbride no indeed . boyle that 's right . now go and see if there 's any money in the house . mcbride look blankly at boyle . then turn and exit . boyle Fucking serial killer . the idiocy I have to deal with . int . hospice ( doctor oleyuwo 's office ) - day 15 boyle , in uniform , sit opposite the hospice 's physician , Doctor mose oleyuwo . fifty , nigerian , beautifully - tailore clothes . he be signing document . oleyuwo six to eight week be the prognosis . boyle that 's what they tell I . oleyuwo that be how long she have , then . boyle she look fine . healthy . oleyuwo it be not what be on the outside that count , it be what be on the inside . eat away at you . boyle I just want she to be comfortable , that 's all . oleyuwo look up . he sign a last document and close the file . cap he ink pen . pocket it . sit back in he chair and sigh . oleyuwo I be sorry . I have be a little ... you get like this sometimes in this line of work . boyle sure do not I know well . I have the same thing . ( continued ) 15 continued : shoot script october 9th 2009 9 . 15 oleyuwo next of kin ? boyle yeah . oleyuwo you do not have that many murder here , surely ? boyle drunk driver . suicide . oleyuwo ah yes . of course . boyle I do not really give a fuck about the drunk driver , to be honest . I have see enough innocent people get kill . the suicide be tough , though . oleyuwo what do you say to they ? the family . boyle what can you say ? you have to pretend to be sad , that 's the main thing . oleyuwo I know . pretend to be sad be what they pay I for , I always think . boyle yeah . like newsreader . oleyuwo I be sorry ? boyle newsreaders . they always put on they sad face and lower they voice when they have to announce a calamity , as if they really give a shite . they be all jolly at the end , then , as if nothing 's happen . oleyuwo consider this . he nod . oleyuwo I would never have make that analogy , but you be right . he open a drawer , dip in a hand and , like a magician , produce a bottle of Maker 's Mark . ( continued ) 15 16 shoot script october 9th 2009 10 . continued : 15 oleyuwo will you join I ? boyle I will . oleyuwo set down the bottle , produce two glass . start to pour . pause . oleyuwo you would not know how to play downfall , would you ? boyle downfall ? oleyuwo open another drawer and , like a magician , produce downfall , a child 's game from the ' 70 . boyle oh. yeah . oleyuwo ( extremely pleased ) yes ? very good . he and boyle move in closer to the desk and start set up the game . oleyuwo I use to play this game with my brother all the time , when we be child . he use to cheat , if you can believe this . boyle he use to cheat at downfall ? oleyuwo I know . some people , you know . boyle I know . it make you wonder . they start to play . ext . hospice - day 16 eileen boyle , a robust - look seventy - year-old , be sit in the garden , read a paperback . other patient stroll dolefully about the grounds . boyle appear . sit in the empty chair beside eileen . he glance around , then take a packet of cigarettes from he pocket and pass they to she . eileen surreptitiously tuck away the cigarettes inside she voluminous clothing . ( continued ) 16 shoot script october 9th 2009 11 . continued : 16 boyle what be you read ? eileen show he the book -- extreme close - up of the penguin paperback edition of goncharov 's oblomov . boyle never get into the Russians . they take too long get to the fuck point . eileen not even dostoyevsky , no ? boyle ah come on , he be the main offender . eileen you have to hand it to he , he do well for himself , for a epileptic . ( pause ) chekhov ? boyle overrate . eileen ( after a pause ) pushkin 's grandda be a black lad . boyle be that right ? ( pause ) gogol be good . eileen he go doolally in the end , though , God love he . boyle glance round , then take a hip -flask from a side pocket and pass it to eileen . she quickly unscrew the top and take a long swallow . boyle how be you settling in ? eileen alright , I suppose . they be all so fuck boring . boyle who be ? eileen the inmate . gloomy . she hand back the hip -flask . ( continued ) shoot script october 9th 2009 12 . 16 continued : 16 boyle I suppose they have a right to be gloomy . eileen there 's no need to make such a fuck song - and - dance about it . the other patient traipse by they gloomily . boyle I see you point . rubbing it in , like . eileen rubbing it in be right . boyle ( after a pause ) how be that trainer suite you ? eileen they be the top ! she swing she foot up from under she , revealing a brand - new pair of white reebok . eileen reebok ! she cackle wildly . boyle laugh . 17 int . hanley 's bar - day 17 boyle be drink a pint and play on a shoot - — ’em - up game machine . mcbride enter the bar , glance round , locate boyle . mcbride Little early for a drink . boyle ignore he , keep play . mcbride you be still on duty . boyle ignore he , keep play . mcbride you have be go all afternoon . boyle turn and level mcbride with a cold , dead , thousand - yard stare . boyle be you go to continue to make a series of declarative statement , ( more ) ( continued ) shoot script october 9th 2009 13 . 17 continued : 17 boyle ( cont 'd ) or be you go to fuck tell I something ? mcbride be momentarily take aback by the venom in boyle 's voice . mcbride the murder over in lettermore . the victim 's a John doe . the -- boyle say that again ? mcbride the murder over in lettermore ? the victim 's a John doe ? boyle he 's a John doe , be he ? mcbride yeah . it mean -- boyle I know what it fuck mean . go on . mcbride the name and address he give be false , as far as we can make out . we have send off he print -- boyle anything else ? you be boring the hole off I . he turn back to the shoot - ’em - up game . mcbride I get a call from galway . you be to head in tonight to attend a briefing from this fella who 's over from the FBI . ( check he note ) special agent wendell Everett . he look at boyle , expect boyle to share he excitement . boyle so what ? mcbride maybe it 's about the murder . maybe he 's get a psychological profile on the killer or something . boyle it 's drug smuggle . ( continued ) 17 18 19 shoot script october 9th 2009 14 . continued : 17 mcbride what ? boyle it 's drug smuggle . either that or they have have another fuck sighting of whitey bulger at some fuck museum . mcbride but drug smuggle , I mean , that 's pretty exciting -- boyle yeah it 's fuck exciting . if you think stand on the fuck pier at rossaveal in the pour fuck vain for hour on end wait for a fuck ship that 's never go to fuck arrive be fuck exciting . go get I a pint . mcbride sorry ? boyle go get I a pint . be you deaf ? mcbride be about to say something , but think better of it . he turn towards the bar . boyle keep play the shoot - ’em - up game , he face a blank . ext . garda station - day 18 two garda car park outside . eugene moloney -- a goofy nine - year-old , in a tracksuit -- wheelies past on he bicycle . he wheelies back -- and suddenly crash to the ground . he groan in pain . int . garda station - day 19 mcbride be work at he computer . boyle have he foot up and be write in a book -- extreme close - up of a join- the-dots puzzle that reveal a rabbit . boyle nod , pleased . show the image to mcbride . boyle rabbit . ( continued ) 19 20 21 shoot script october 9th 2009 15 . continued : 19 mcbride look blankly at he . boyle flip the page to the next puzzle . mcbride I be not get anything on any unsolve murder in the general vicinity . no maiming either . boyle what about miss person ? this serial killer fella could have bury they or something . dissolve they in acid . chopped they up into little piece . fiddle around with they ... he drift off into a reverie , as if fantasise about necrophilia . the telephone ring . boyle answer it -- boyle sergeant Gerry boyle . cop-shop ! ext . telephone - day 20 francis sheehy -- dubliner , forty , black suit , Ray - ban -- move in and out of shot as he speak , the Atlantic Ocean in the background -- sheehy hey there , little piggy . I have get some information on that murder last night . int . garda station - day 21 boyle motion to mcbride to pick up the extension . mcbride do so , ever so gently . inter-cut -- boyle what murder ? sheehy how many fuck murder have you have in the last twenty - four hour ? boyle that 's for we to know and you to find out . sheehy ( after a pause ) that do not make any sense . ( continued ) 21 shoot script october 9th 2009 continued : boyle do you have any information or be you just sit there play with yourself ? mcbride look at boyle . sheehy what do you say you name be ? boyle ? boyle sergeant Gerry boyle , the last of the independent ! sheehy have no idea what boyle be talk about . sheehy the murder in lettermore , if I have to be specific . the one with ... occult overtone . boyle occult overtone , yeah . go ahead . sheehy do you even know what I mean when I use the term '' occult '' ? boyle aleister crowley , Anton lavey , Simon magus , that kind of thing . mcbride frown , puzzle . sheehy well do . round of applause . bouquet of red rose for the blue meanie . anyway , it be billy devaney do for he . he 's into all that black magick . that 's '' magick '' with a '' k '' . he tell I last night when he be lock . boyle Little billy devaney ? sure he would not hurt a fly . sheehy he do not hurt a fly , do he . he put a bullet in the brain of you man . boyle good point . can I take you name , sir ? sheehy bozo the fuck clown . 16 . 21 ( continued ) 21 22 shoot script october 9th 2009 17 . continued : 21 boyle ( write on a notepad ) bozo ... the fuck ... clown . extreme close - up of the word '' bozo the fuck clown '' . boyle I do not know the circus be in town . sheehy slam down the receiver . shake he head . boyle and mcbride put down they telephone . boyle Little billy devaney , a serial killer ? sure he 's a lovely little lad . int . interrogation room - night 22 billy devaney sit at a desk . thirty , italian look . White tacchini T-shirt , short , sock , nike trainer . boyle and mcbride enter . boyle carry a file . boyle be play tennis , hah ? Fucking Andy Murray ! you will not be play tennis again for a long time , boy ! devaney I be play squash . boyle slam he fist on the table -- boyle there 'il be no fuck squash court where you be head , Ted Bundy of the West ! there be silence for a moment as neither mcbride nor devaney know how to respond to this . boyle sit opposite devaney . mcbride slouches against a wall , a toothpick in he mouth . boyle open the file . boyle now ... mcbride what be you , italian ? devaney no I be not fuck italian . why do everyone keep say that ? mcbride because you look italian . ( continued ) 22 continued : shoot script october 9th 2009 18 . 22 devaney I fuck do not ! mcbride you do . do not he look italian ? boyle William montmorency devaney ... you have get previous , I see . from when you be over in England ? devaney that be a misunderstanding . boyle aggravate sodomy ? devaney it be a total misunderstanding ! boyle and what 's this ?... you be once caution under the bestiality Act ? devaney ah man , that be fuck year ago ! I think that have all be forget about . ( to mcbride ) the same thing happen to polanski . mcbride what be it , a sheep or something ? devaney a llama . ( pause ) stephen. ( to boyle ) I do not even know it be illegal to interfere with a llama , do you ? boyle I would have assume so , billy . not that I be inundate with a lot of llama-related crime around here . devaney sure be not this mairtin mcdonagh 's llama . over in lettermullen ? it must have happen when you be away that time . boyle mairtin mcdonagh 's llama ? oh yeah I know he . ( continued ) 22 continued : shoot script october 9th 2009 19 . 22 mcbride the llama ? boyle mairtin mcdonagh . ( pause ) William montmorency devaney , where be you at approximately nine in the pm last night ? there or there - about , like . devaney I be approximately in hanley 's batter joey brennan about the head until he lapse into unconsciousness . boyle joey brennan ? now do I know he ? he look blankly at mcbride . mcbride be unsure how to respond . he produce he pad and pen , note the name . boyle why be you batter this joey brennan ? devaney ah man , he be do my fuck head in . I be provoke , like . we be have a few jar , right , when he start bring up yet - a-fuck - gain this two hundred euros I owe he . now he 's have my computer that I leat he for the last year . so I say to he , '' give I back the fuck computer and I will give you you euros . '' and he say , '' I can not give it back , sure do not it have a virus . '' which be the first I have fuck hear of it . then suddenly , out of nowhere , he rear up at I scream for he money . so I grab hold of the nearest thing that come to hand , which happen to be this antique blunder - buss my granddaddy get from somewhere -- mcbride antique what ? devaney blunderbuss . extreme close - up of the word '' blunderbuss '' below the name '' joey brennan '' . ( continued ) 22 continued : shoot script october 9th 2009 20 . 22 devaney I be show it off , like , and the next thing I know I be batter he about the head with it . vicious , like , I 'il admit . mcbride what be you talk about ? you shot he in the head , you stuff page from the Bible in he mouth , you put a pot- plant on he body , and you paint the number five and a half on the wall . devaney sweet-jesus-on-a-stick ! ah now , lad , you have get I in here under false pretence . I think this be about joey brennan . what the fuck ? boyle the brutal murder over in lettermore . devaney ah Jesus , lad . this be at nine pm , be it ? sure be not I just after say I be in hanley 's . I have about twenty witness . and joey brennan be alive when I leave he , so you can not get I on that score . be not he roaring at I , with he break lip . boyle you say he lapse into unconscious - ness . devaney yeah . he lapse into unconsciousness , and then after that he wake up . boyle and mcbride glance at one another . boyle with a sly smile on he lip . extreme close - up of the name '' joey brennan '' and the word '' blunderbuss '' cross out . boyle that 's the whole story ? devaney that 's the whole story . have he make a complaint ? boyle he have not make a complaint , he 's make a fuck nuisance call , it look like . ( to mcbride ) ( more ) ( continued ) 22 continued : he exit . shoot script october 9th 2009 21 . 22 boyle ( cont 'd ) haul in this joey brennan and see what he 's get to say for himself . see if we can charge he with waste police time . then get round to this gobshite 's house and charge he grandda with illegal possession of a firearm . devaney ah no ! mcbride I be on it , sergeant . boyle '' I be on it , sergeant . '' he think he 's in fuck Detroit . devaney you be not really go to charge my granddaddy , be ya ? boyle I do not know , billy . maybe we can come to some arrangement . devaney hah ? boyle be you familiar with the work of Jean genet ? devaney ( after a pause ) hah ? boyle reach out and place he hand over devaney 's . devaney be freak out , but do not move . boyle be you familiar with the work of Jean genet ? after a moment , devaney slowly draw he hand away . devaney I want a lawyer . and I mammy . boyle smile thinly to himself . boyle you do look italian , ya eejit . 23 24 shoot script october 9th 2009 22 . ext . galway CITY - night 23 establish shot of galway Cathedral , Spanish arch and eyre Square . int . conference room - night 24 FBI special agent wendell everett -- forty , black , suit and tie -- and garda Inspector gerry stanton -- forty , white -- be at a lectern beside a projector screen . everett speak into a microphone -- everett --a sixty - foot ship call the annabel Lee . we lose track of it when it leave the dominican Republic three week ago . the dea believe it to have somewhere in the vicinity of half a billion dollar in cocaine on board . it may well be -- stanton lean in to the microphone -- stanton half a billion , lad . that 's half a billion . uniformed gardai , include boyle , and plain - clothed detective , be seat face everett and stanton . everett uh , thank you , Inspector stanton . yes , half a billion . it may well be that it will land here . it may well be that it will land in cork . it may well be that it will land in Northern Ireland . it may well be that it will not come anywhere near this shore . you must be vigilant , however . everett nod . to a female garda , who have very long and shapely leg , seat at a projector . everett the man we believe to be involved in the trafficking be Francis sheehy - skeffington and James mccormick , out of Dublin and Limerick respectively . liam o’leary , also out of Dublin . and clive Cornell out of London . the image of the four man appear on the screen . they be white and in they thirty and forty . [ sheehy we have see earlier . mccormick look vaguely familiar . ] boyle stare at the image of mccormick . ( continued ) 24 shoot script october 9th 2009 23 . continued : 24 everett this man be highly dangerous -- boyle raise he hand . everett yes , sergeant ? boyle I think only black lad be drug dealer ? there be a long moment of silence . someone cough . everett Excuse I ? boyle I think only black lad be drug dealer ? and mexican ? what do they call they ? they have a word for they . everett there be a word for you , too , sir , but I be not go to get into that right now . as I be say , this man be highly dangerous -- boyle mule ! drug mule ! everett and the other gardai and detective look at boyle . boyle remain blank . stanton lean in to the microphone -- stanton that 's enough of you guff , now , boyle . apologise to the man . boyle apologise for what ? stanton you know for what . everett racist slur for one thing . boyle I be irish , sure . racism 's part of my culture . the other gardai and detective look round , irritate -- garda that 's enough , now , boyle . you be show we up , man . ( continued ) shoot script october 9th 2009 24 , 24 continued : 24 a detective name jimmy moody be particularly annoyed -- moody you fuck knacker . boyle ah fuck off back to Dublin , you . moody I 's will take you fuck head off ! moody have to be restrain by the other detective . boyle do not move . stanton now , now , lad , come on , not in front of the american . ( in a aside ) he 's just mess with you , agent Everett . everett lean in to the microphone -- everett deliberately disrupt my lecture , for another thing . boyle ah I be just have a bit of fun , like . I do not mean anything by it . everett we be talk about half a billion dollar 's worth of cocaine here . you think that 's a fit subject for levity ? boyle Street value . everett pardon I ? boyle Street value . you lad be always announce a seizure of drug worth a '' street value '' of ten million dollar , and twenty million dollar , and half a billion dollar , and I always wonder what street it be you be buy you cocaine on , ' cause it 's not the same street I be buy my cocaine on . stanton that 's enough , boyle ! we have have enough of you wisecrack for one day . ( more ) ( continued ) 24 25 continued : shoot script october 9th 2009 25 . 24 stanton ( cont 'd ) if you continue on in this vein you will find yourself on suspension . boyle I doubt that . everett you doubt that ? you have get some ball talk to you superior officer like that . if we be back in Atlanta - ~ boyle we be not back in Atlanta , though , be we , we be in fuck galway . stanton that 's it , boyle . you can consider yourself -- boyle you be not hunt four man , you be hunt three . everett look at boyle for a long moment . the other everett how 's that ? boyle mccormick 's dead . gardai and detective look at each other . everett glance at stanton . stanton shrug . everett look back at boyle . everett what make you think he 's dead ? boyle well let 's put it this way , I hope he 's dead , ' cause they have put he in the fuck morgue , anyways . close on the image of mccormick . match CUT to : int . university college hospital morgue - night 25 overhead shot ~- close on the face of the dead man from the cottage . aka James mccormick . laid out on a freezer tray . everett and stanton look at the dead man . then at boyle , who be stand nearby , play with the big toe of another corpse , a blank look on he face . 26 27 shoot script october 9th 2009 26 . ext . connemara - night 26 a black car speed through the desolate countryside . int . black car - night 27 liam o'leary be at the wheel . clive cornell in the passenger seat . sheehy in the back , read schopenhauer 's the World as will and idea . sheehy ~- schopenhauer . o’ leary I would say nietzsche . sheehy nietzsche . you have not even fuck read any nietzsche . o'leary I have , too . ah ... the Antichrist . sheehy quote I something , then . o’ leary '' what do not kill I -- '' sheehy ah , for fuck 's sake . every child know that one . cornell Bertrand Russell . sheehy Bertrand Russell . will you listen to he . the fuck English . everything have to be fuck English . name you favourite philosopher , and lo and behold , he 's fuck English . cornell he 's welsh . sheehy hah ? cornell Bertrand Russell be welsh . sheehy Bertrand Russell be welsh ? he consider whether or not to take issue with cornell 's statement , but then accept it might be true . ( continued ) 27 28 shoot script october 9th 2009 27 . continued : 27 sheehy you know I never know that . I do not think anybody interesting be welsh . cornell Dylan Thomas ? sheehy like I say , I do not think anybody interesting be welsh . o’ leary '' you will not get the crowd to cry Hosanna until you ride into town on a ass . '' nietzsche . sheehy and cornell look blankly at o’leary . then -- sheehy yeah that 's a good one . cornell good quote , yeah , nice one . Bright light suddenly illuminate the interior of the car . o'leary glance into the rear-view mirror -- o’leary ah , fuck it . the guard . ext . connemara - night 28 o'leary bring the black car to a stop . the garda car follow halt a little way behind it . mcbride get out . switch on he torch . approach the black car . shine he torch at the occupant -- o’leary and sheehy smile , cornell yawn widely . o’leary I be not speed . mcbride I know you be not . sheehy one of the back light out , guard ? mcbride no , you be fine there . cornell what do you fuck stop we for , then ? mcbride Excuse I ? ( continued ) 28 shoot script october 9th 2009 continued : cornell what do you fuck stop we for , then , you stupid fuck cunt ? mcbride shine he torch in cornell 's eye . mcbride get out . the lot of you . mcbride step back as o'leary , sheehy and cornell out . o’leary and sheehy get out into the road front of mcbride . cornell on the other side . mcbride Nice friend you have get there . sheehy ah , this English , you know , what can you do . mcbride id , please . sheehy from Dublin , be you ? mcbride id , please . sheehy what 's the name ? I know a lot of the guard in Dublin . mcbride you know a lot of the guard in Dublin . o’ leary he 's a very friendly fella . sheehy there 's no harm in be friendly . what 's the name ? cornell let 's get this over with , for fuck 's sake . mcbride look at cornell . cornell be completely relaxed . he casually light a cigarette . sheehy point he book at mcbride . sheehy what 's the name ? mcbride McBride . 28 . 28 get in ( continued ) 28 shoot script october 9th 2009 29 . continued : 28 sheehy oh , McBride . McBride . we know all about you , McBride . do not we know all about McBride , liam ? o’ leary we do , Francis . should we be use we real name , though ? sheehy sure what do it matter now , liam ? o’leary you be right , you be right . mcbride start to retreat towards he car . sheehy we know all about you , McBride . mcbride you know nothing about I . he turn towards he car -- sheehy ah , stop , McBride . it 's no use . mcbride keep walk -- o'leary stop , McBride ! mcbride stop , he back still turn -- sheehy , o'leary and cornell study he dispassionately . o'leary with a gun aim at he back . he cock it . sheehy turn around , now , there 's a good lad . mcbride ( close he eye ) no. I will take it as it come , if it 's all the same to you . show you up for the coward you be . sheehy suit yourself . overhead shot -- o’leary shoot mcbride in the back four time . he hit the tarmac . Dead . sheehy he take it well , I 'il say that for he . ( continued ) shoot script october 9th 2009 30 . 28 continued : 28 o'leary he be very philosophical about it . sheehy groan . o’leary laugh . cornell be we go or what ? sheehy we have to dump the body . cornell I do not do manual labour . o’leary ah , come on . cornell no , I be sorry , but when I apply for the vacant post of international drug- trafficker it do not say , '' must have experience of heavy lift , '' alright ? he get into the car . sheehy look at o'leary . o’leary roll he eye . sheehy toss he book into the car . overhead shot -- sheehy and o’leary approach the body of mcbride , as blood pool out from under it . fade to black . 29 ext . galway CITY - night 29 fade in on a high - angle shot -- a garda car exite the city . 30 int . garda car - night 30 boyle drive , everett beside he . boyle into the West ! you ever be to Ireland before , wendell ? everett can not say that I have , no . boyle where be you from ? originally ? everett Wisconsin . boyle where in Wisconsin ? everett kenosha . ( continued ) continued : shoot script october 9th 2009 31 . 30 boyle kenosha , Wisconsin ! so how do you wind up in Tennessee ? everett how do you know I be in Tennessee ? boyle be not that where you be station when you catch tyrell Lee dobb , the knoxville ripper ? everett look at boyle , impressed . everett you be do research on I , sergeant ? boyle ah , I be sure you do the same with I . everett sorry , I do not have the time . boyle sure you be a busy man , I know that . you know where I have like to go ? everett no , where would you like to go ? boyle tupelo . birthplace of the King . everett my wife 's from Mississippi . Jackson . boyle be that right ? how long have you be marry ? everett eight year . boyle any kid ? everett two boy . stokely 's five , huey 's just three month old . I have get a photo of he here -- boyle I do not want to see it . everett pardon I ? ( continued ) 30 shoot script october 9th 2009 32 . continued : 30 boyle I do not want to see it . Babies all look the same . the only time a baby do not look the same as every other baby be when it 's a really ugly baby . so unless you be about to show I a photo of a really ugly baby , I do not want to see it . everett that be really fuck rude . boyle maybe it be , and maybe it be not . everett turn and glare out the passenger window . boyle be you happy ? everett be take aback . he look at boyle . everett what ? boyle be you happy ? everett realise boyle be be sincere . everett yes , I be happy . boyle nod . boyle I have like to have a family some day . I be too busy whore around and get fuck up at the moment . everett I do not think you should be tell I this . boyle laugh . boyle y'know I be read where they be smuggle the cocaine out of colombia in little submarine now . submarine they have build themselves , like . everett that sound insane , but actually it 's true . you be correct . ( continued ) 30 31 32 shoot script october 9th 2009 33 . continued : 30 boyle crafty little beggar . you have to admire they enterprise , hah ? everett no , sergeant . you do not . boyle laugh again . they drive on in silence , until everett decide to continue the conversation for the sake of politeness . everett you ever be to the States ? boyle yeah . once. Orlando , Florida . disneyworld . everett you go with you family when you be a kid or something ? boyle no , no , this be last year . everett you go with a girlfriend ? boyle oh God no . everett you go to disneyworld on you own ? boyle yeah . great gas it be . I have my picture take with goofy and every - thing . he 's my favourite , goofy . everett look blankly at boyle . everett you know , I can not tell if you be really motherfuck dumb , or if you be really motherfuck smart . boyle laugh . ext . spiddal - night 31 high -angle shot -- the garda car enter the small seaside town . int . boyle 's house ( live room ) - night 32 boyle be sit in a dress gown , white undershirt and blue-and - yellow y-front , watch Antonioni 's l’eclisse on dvd . he sip from a bottle of corona . ( continued ) 32 33 34 shoot script october 9th 2009 34 . continued : 32 there be a knock at the door . boyle sigh heavily . pick up the dvd remote and stop the film . int . hallway - night 33 boyle open the door to reveal gabriela mcbride , a attractive croatian , pale , blonde , thirty . gabriela sergeant boyle ? boyle look at she , impressed , but confuse . boyle ah listen , I think there 's be a mix -up . you have the wrong night . gabriela I be sorry ? boyle you be from the agency ? gabriela no . my husband be miss . boyle oh God , I be sorry . come in , come in . she enter . boyle close the door . she look at he , stand there in he gown , y-front and undershirt . boyle i’1l just change into something a little less comfortable . he exit . int . live room - night 34 gabriela be on the couch , look at the kitsch decor . boyle enter , in trousers and a white shirt , with two mug of tea . boyle Nice mug of tea . he hand she a mug , and sit beside she . boyle now . you husband 's go miss , you be say ? I do not ask you you name , I be sorry . gabriela gabriela . ( continued ) 34 continued : shoot script october 9th 2009 35 . 34 boyle Gerry . so. gabriela my husband be miss . I think so , yes . boyle name ? gabriela aidan McBride . boyle aidan McBride . you do not mean the guard , aidan McBride ? gabriela yes . he start work here today . boyle how long have he be miss ? gabriela since tonight . boyle tonight ? that 's no time at all , sure . what be it now , two ? he might be out on the tear somewhere . gabriela I be sorry , I do not understand . boyle he might be out on the lash . drink , you know . crashed out somewhere . gabriela he do not drink . boyle ( astound ) he do not drink ? gabriela he call I at eight o'clock and say he be on he way home . I have try he cellphone , but it be dead . boyle well there have be no accident on the road , far as I know . I be only after get in meself . gabriela would it be something to do with you work ? ( continued ) 34 shoot script october 9th 2009 36 . continued : 34 boyle ah no . ah no . you mean , have he go undercover with the mob? ( with a laugh ) ah no . you have have to head down to Limerick for that kind of excitement . gabriela nod . they drink they tea . boyle how long have you be marry ? gabriela Three year . boyle where be you from , Romania ? gabriela Croatia . boyle ah , Croatia . good footballer , the croatian . use to be , anyways . ( pause ) davor suker . you know he ? gabriela nod . she put two finger to the pulse at she throat [ a famous gesture make by suker before take a important penalty ] . boyle ( delighted ) that 's it ! there follow a awkward silence . they drink they tea . boyle listen , I be sure there 's a innocent explanation , as they say . if we have not hear anything by tomorrow evening , that 'il be twenty - four hour , and I can put out a , uh ...a , uh ... a county - wide alarm . gabriela thank you . boyle I be sure he will be fine . no need to worry . gabriela get up . boyle follow . gabriela I be sorry I call so late . ( continued ) shoot script october 9th 2009 37 . 34 continued : 34 boyle no harm . 35 int / ext . hallway / boyle 's house - night 35 boyle hold open the door for gabriela . boyle what do they use to call that thing ? on the telly ? gabriela I be sorry ? boyle apb ! ( american accent ) '' I be put out a apb ! '' ( with a laugh ) you never hear that anymore , do ya ? gabriela look blankly at he . boyle anyway . gabriela thank you again . boyle good luck . I '11 see ye . gabriela exit . boyle close the door . he stand in the hallway for a moment , ponder . then move offscreen . 36 ext . strand - dawn 36 everett be jogging along the strand at a quick tempo . he stop . stretch . look out over the ocean -- everett 's Pov -- a man be swim way out among the crash wave , wear a wet-suit , a cap and goggle . everett look on , impressed , as the man turn towards the strand and swim in . the man stand and walk in towards everett , take off he cap and he goggle , to reveal himself as -- boyle . boyle chilly out , hah ? everett look blankly at boyle as he pick up a towel from the sand , and walk on up the strand . 37 ext . cafe - day 37 boyle be in casual clothes , wolfing down a large fry breakfast . ( continued ) 37 shoot script october 9th 2009 38 . continued : 37 everett opposite he , in a suit and tie , with a coffee and croissant . he put a sugar cube in he mouth , sip the coffee . everett you look pretty impressive out there . boyle I be fourth in the Olympic . everett bullshit . boyle the Seoul Olympic in ' 88 . Lovely people , the South korean . Lovely food . everett bullshit . boyle fifteen-hundred metre freestyle . I think I be odd - on for the bronze . the two Germans I be prepare for , but fuck salnikov ! he be suppose to be over - the-hill . they never know when they be beat , the Russians . '' the monster in the wave '' they call he . everett you be fourth in the Olympic ? boyle you do not get anything for fourth , though . it 's a cruel world . everett look blankly at boyle . boyle smile . boyle so , kenosha , Wisconsin , you be say . do you grow up in the project ? everett what ? boyle do you grow up in the project ? or do they not have the project in kenosha , Wisconsin ? everett no , I do not grow up in the project . it may surprise you to learn , sergeant , that I actually come from ( more ) ( continued ) 37 continued : shoot script october 9th 2009 39 . 37 everett ( cont 'd ) a very privileged background . by which I mean prep school , Yale . I be a Rhodes scholar . I bet you do not even know what a Rhodes scholar be . boyle I do know what a Rhodes scholar be . everett enlighten I . boyle like kris kristofferson . everett yes , kris kristofferson be a Rhodes scholar . that be correct . boyle '' privileged background '' , hah ? everett summer in the hampton . skiing in aspen . boyle skiing , yeah ? I think black people could not ski ? or be that swim ? boyle and everett look blankly at each other . boyle laugh . everett ho. ( pause ) ho. boyle so what d'ya have plan for the day ? everett well obviously we do not know who kill mccormick or why . there be no useful forensic evidence find at the crime scene , so I think we might start by canvass the area around where the body be discover . see if anybody hear anything , some - thing they might have think be relatively insignificant , but which in light of the murder may have a far great importance . I mean , when I catch that sonofabitch tyrell Lee dobb it be a result of something as seemingly inconsequential as a laundry mark , if you can believe that . ( more ) ( continued ) 37 continued : shoot script october 9th 2009 40 . 37 everett ( cont 'd ) the guy have a personal hygiene issue that be almost pathological . the other thing to consider be that mccormick be probably in the process of reconnoitre drop-off point all along the coast . we friend sheehy , Cornell and o’leary be no doubt in other part of the country do exactly the same thing . so I will liaise with Inspector stanton and detective moody , have they and they man start a coordinate push in all the relevant location ... he trail off , realise that boyle be concentrate on he food and be not listen to he . everett sergeant ? boyle I be sorry , you lose I at '' we '' . everett we. you and I . boyle it 's my day off . do I not say ? everett it 's you day off . boyle I have have it book a good while . ask stanton . everett we be investigate a murder and the trafficking of half a million dollar in cocaine -- boyle half a billion dollar . everett -- half a billion dollar in cocaine , and you be tell I it 's you day off ? boyle twenty - four hour will not make any difference . everett twenty -four hour will not make any difference . ( continued ) 37 38 39 shoot script october 9th 2009 41 . continued : 37 boyle they be always say it do , on that cop show on the telly , but it do not . not in my experience , anyways . and why be you always repeat everything I say ? everett look at boyle , stunne . boyle finish he meal . slurp he tea . boyle I do well there . he get up and leave some money on the table . boyle my treat . I will see ye . he slap everett on the back and saunter off . ext . galway train station - day 38 boyle , smartly dress in a three - piece suit and tie , bowler hat on he head , a rise in he buttonhole , be wait on the platform as a train pull in . two young woman emerge from the last carriage . dress in tight top and micro mini-skirt with stocking and suspender -- sinead mulligan and aoife o’carroll . boyle 's face light up . he smile and tip he hat . sinead and aoife spot boyle and give excited wave . they totter towards he on they high heel . ext . shop STREET - day 39 boyle be march down the street with sinead and aoife on either arm , draw surly look from other shopper . aoife you be not wear you uniform , sergeant ? I be disappointed . boyle Day off . sinead ah sure he still look gorgeous , do not he , aoife ? aoife a fine body of a man . boyle I always do my best for the lady . make a bit of a effort , you know . ( continued ) 39 40 ext . continued : shoot script october 9th 2009 42 . 39 aoife where be you take we , to have you wick way ? boyle I have a room book at the G. sinead oh , fancy ! boyle no expense spare . aoife be we not a little too bohemian for the G ? boyle whether we be or we be not , they 's 11l have sergeant Gerry boyle to deal with if they do not like it . sinead he 's power mad ! aoife they say power corrupt . boyle and I be corrupt absolutely , you will find that out soon enough . sinead and aoife give little squeal of delight . boyle I say we stop off on the way for a little lubrication . aoife kinky ! sinead that will be extra , now , sergeant . boyle hah ? what -- aoife and sinead giggle . boyle oh , jeez , you be a dirty pair of little minx ! house . day . 40 everett knock on the door of a house with a breath - take view of connemara . photo of sheehy , Cornell and o'leary in one hand . his FBI badge in the other . ( continued ) shoot script october 9th 2009 43 . 40 continued : 40 after a moment , a woman open the door . she look blankly at he . everett flash he id . everett special agent wendell Everett , mar ’am , Federal Bureau of investigation . I be wonder -- woman ( yell , in gaelic ) bartley ! there 's a black man at the door ! she look at everett , then turn and disappear inside . everett wait , puzzle . bartley appear , carry a Art Deco lamp . bartley ( in gaelic ) what can I do for you ? everett ah . do you speak English , sir ? bartley ( in gaelic ) this be Ireland . go over to England if you want to speak English . everett look blankly at he , have no idea what he have just say . he hold up the photo . everett I be wonder if you have see any of this man over the last few day ? bartley glance perfunctorily at the photograph . bartley ( in gaelic ) no I have not . and even if I have , I would not tell you . now you 'il have to excuse I , I have to fix this lamp . it be a birthday present from my aunt in Australia . good day to you . he close the door . everett look blankly at the door . 41 ext . country road - day 4l everett be trudging up the road . a old farmer turn the corner ahead of he . everett pause , he photo at the ready . the old farmer slowly walk down the length of the road towards he . as he reach he -- ( continued ) 41 42 43 44 shoot script october 9th 2009 44 , continued : 4l everett Excuse I , sir . special agent wendell Everett , Federal Bureau of ... the old farmer pass everett as if he be not there . everett remain poise with he photo . ext . hurling pitch - day 42 a match in full flow . everett can be see get nowhere with the spectator as he show they the photo . eventually , he give up and traipse away . eugene cycle up to he excitedly . eugene be you the FBI man ? everett yes I be . eugene behavioural Science unit ? everett uh , no , I be investigate the smuggle of narcotic -- eugene ( disappointed ) ah , drug . he cycle off . everett nod to himself . ext . field —- day 43 everett be sit on a stone wall . a beautiful white horse wander over to he , curious . everett show it the photo . everett you know this guy ?... what about this guy ?... you better start talk , pal , or I all take you downtown and throw you ass in the slammer , you get I ? he smile , gently patting the horse 's muzzle , and offer it a sugar cube from he pocket . int . G HOTEL ( room ) - day 44 boyle pop the cork of a bottle of cristal -- boyle that will be I in a minute ! like vesuvius , I be . ( continued ) 44 pink revision 21st october 2009 45 . continued : 44 sinead and aoife hold they glass to the spume champagne -- sinead cristal , hah ! aoife you be the last of the big spender , sergeant . boyle nothing but the best for you two hoor ! I mean that in a nice way . no offence , like . he get a glass for himself . sinead p diddy drink cristal . and jay-z. boyle no , no , jay - Z start boycot it . do not drink it anymore . sinead why not ? boyle the manage director of cristal make racist comment or something . accord to jay-z , anyways . aoife ah sure everybody 's racist nowadays . sinead where 's the harm ? boyle ah , God love the pair of ya ! jump -cut to -- aoife finish apply she lipstick in the bathroom . sinead ( 0.s . ) * y’know , you be not in bad shape for a auld lad . boyle ( 0.s . ) * so my mother 's always tell I . * sinead ( 0.s . ) * sergeant ! * aoife emerge from the bathroom . pan across to reveal -- * ( continued ) 44 pink revision 21st october 2009 a5a . continued : 44 boyle and sinead entwine on the bed , disrob one another . ( continued ) 44 continued : pink revision 21st october 2009 aoife you be not that old , now , do not be listen to she . boyle I suppose I be old enough to be you father . sinead well you can think about that while you be fuck we , if that 's what turn you on . boyle oh God , sinead , you be one sick puppy . I think I be in love ! aoife kneel on the bed and take a picture of boyle with she cellphone -- boyle what 's the craic ? aoife it 's just a little memento . sinead you can put it in you archive , sergeant . boyle I know what I have like to put in you archive . sinead the man 's obsessed ! boyle yank off sinead 's tight - fitting top -- boyle a-ha ! a wonderbra . sinead now it can be reveal . I have very small breast . boyle that 's okay . I have a very small penis . 46 . 44 ( continued ) 44 45 46 pink revision 21st october 2009 47 . continued : 44 sinead and aoife laugh . boyle grab hold of they and roll they around on the bed as they squeal and giggle . jump -cut to -- boyle lie in bed in a hotel dress gown , smoking a cigar , a glass of whiskey in he hand , watch -- sinead and aoife adjust they stocking and suspender , straighten they skirt . boyle this ...is ... the life ! sinead be we to assume you be satisfied with the service , sergeant ? boyle I be totally drain , sure . I have no jism leave . aoife be give we a good review at the agency , now . boyle five star . I only wish I would bring my handcuffs . sinead sure there 's always a next time . boyle you have be into a bit of bondage , hah ? aoife only for you , sergeant , only for you . they blow he a kiss , kick up they heel , and exit . overhead shot -- boyle lean back into the pillow and sigh , a big grin on he face . int . garda car - day 45 pan from the road ahead to boyle in the driver 's seat , still smile . something catch he eye . he slow the car , frown . reverse . stop . ext . lonely spot - day 46 hold on boyle as he get out of the car . he leave the tarmac road and walk down a short , wind incline . he halt , take in the scene . boyle ah , for fuck 's sake . ( continued ) 46 47 47a blue revision 26 november 2009 48 . continued : 46 reverse shot -- McBride 's garda car be park in a lonely spot overlook a deep lake , match CUT to : ext . lonely spot -~ night a7 McBride 's garda car surround by a forensic team . the location spectrally light up . int HOTEL bar ~ night 47a boyle and gabriela be at the bar . gabriela I do not understand . just because he car be here , why do that mean he have kill himself ? boyle it 's a suicide hotspot . a lot of the local have drown themselves here . it 's well know . gabriela but aidan be not from here . we only arrive a few day ago . boyle good point . but still . they look out over the lake . gabriela why do they kill themselves ? boyle ah sure , why do anybody kill themselves ? it 's mostly young man . the drink . Depression . lack of sex . that 's the main one , in my view . I bet you now , if I open a brothel around here I no cut the suicide rate in half . gabriela I do not think aidan commit suicide . boyle neither do I , to be honest with you . he do not seem intelligent enough . gabriela glance at boyle , but he be totally oblivious to the insensitivity of the remark . ( continued ) 47 k continued : blue revision 26 november 2009 49 . a7 a boyle but you never can tell . nobody know who 's go to outlive who this day . of course , if it 's not suicide , it 's foul play . gabriela foul play ? boyle murder . malice aforethought . gabriela but I cannot think of anybody who would have want to do something bad to aidan . boyle he 's a guard , somebody somewhere probably have a grudge against he . it 's a more likely theory than suicide , in my opinion . be there anything you can tell I about he that might have a bear on this ? anything personal or -- gabriela he be gay . boyle hah ? gabriela he be gay . you know , when one man put he -- boyle I be familiar with the mechanic of it , yeah . I just do not realise ... gabriela do you think he might have meet someone here who do something bad to he ? like a ... what do you say ? boyle a rent boy ? gabriela yes , a rent boy or something ? boyle no , we do not get a lot of call for rent boy out this way . Far as I know , anyways . maybe in town . ( pause ) ( more ) ( continued ) 47a 48 blue revision 26 november 2009 50 . continued : ata boyle ( cont 'd ) why do you marry he , then ? for. the visa , I suppose ? she look at he . boyle this be just between you and I . gabriela yes , I get the visa and he look ... respectable . gabriela yes , respectable . boyle it 's a shame he still have to go through that rigmarole , in this day and age . gabriela yes . he be a nice man . ( pause ) he be a nice man . int . hanley's bar - night 48 everett be at the bar , slightly inebriated , a half - drunk guinness in front of he . dress in casual clothes that be stylish but quirky . boyle enter and saunter up . boyle wendell . ( glance at he clothes ) do you juggle as well ? everett fuck you , sergeant . boyle laugh , hopping onto a steol beside he . boyle ( to the barman ) a hot whiskey , John - Joe . and a cold one while I be wait . ( to everett ) yourself ? ( continued ) 48 shoot script october 9th 2009 51 . continued : 48 everett I will have a guinness . boyle good man yourself . ( to the barman ) i’1l have the same . the barman start pour the pint . get boyle he whiskey . boyle like the fat man say , if you have get to be careful not to drink too much , it 's because you be not to be trust when you do . boyle knock back the whiskey in one go . boyle any luck ? everett not a damn thing . the people here ... boyle I know . it 's like compton , hah ? everett exactly . they be certainly not too keen on talk to the law , that 's for damn sure . most of ‘em do not even seem to speak English . boyle ah , they speak English well enough . this be a gaelic-speak region , though . do they not tell you that at langley ? everett no , they do not tell I that at langley , see as how langley be the CIA , you idiot , not the FBI . boyle you do not know that people in the West of Ireland speak gaelic , and I be the idiot ? everett look at boyle . then nod , as if to say '' touché '' . he finish the pint in front of he . everett how be you day off ? ( continued ) 48 49 continued : shoot script october 9th 2009 52 . 48 _ boyle energetic . listen , something 's come up , and I be not just talk about my cock . one of my man have go miss . McBride . I find he car just down the road a-way , in a know suicide spot . he be on duty at the time . everett any sign of foul play ? boyle not as far as we know at the moment . everett you do not think it 's suicide , obviously , so what be you think ? boyle that fella mccormick murder , and now a guard just disappear into thin air ? it 's too much of a coincidence . everett could be he stumble onto something and get ... boyle whacked ? everett whacked , yeah . boyle his first day on the job , too . talk about bad luck . everett yeah . so where do we start ? the barman serve they pint . boyle I say we start with this two lad and then take it from there . ( clinking glass ) slainte . ( pause ) that 's gaelic . everett look sourly at he . int . hanley 's bar - later 49 on the tiny dance floor , a elderly couple be dance to liam clancy 's cover of '' the parting Glass '' . ( continued ) continued : shoot script october 9th 2009 53 . 49 boyle and everett idly watch they . empty glass , big and small , litter the bar in front of they . boyle what be the first case you ever solve ? everett stealing a ostrich . boyle hah ? everett guy steal a ostrich , transport it across a state line . something to do with the egg . boyle well I suppose it 's more original than deal crack . you ever have crack ? everett do you think I would tell you if I have ? boyle I have have it . everett yet again , I do not think you should be tell I this . boyle it be only the once , sure . everett and how do you find the experience ? boyle I enjoy it . they tell you if you have one hit you be hook , but that 's just shite . just propaganda they sell to the kid . everett you be certainly a unconventional police officer , sergeant boyle . boyle thank you . everett that be not mean as a compliment . ( continued ) 49 50 shoot script october 9th 2009 54 . continued : 49 boyle ah now , you be only mess , I know that . ( pause ) you ever kill anybody , wendell ? in the line of duty , I be say . everett no . neither in the line of duty nor privately . have you ? boyle ( sadly ) I wish . ( pause ) cousin of mine in America have . he be in the Gulf War . he be in the same unit as timothy McVeigh . you know , the Oklahoma bomber ? everett yes , I know the Oklahoma bomber . boyle he be a real little prick , apparently . play Michael bolton record all the time , really loudly . drive everybody pure mad . everett frown , unsure whether to believe this . boyle glance up and notice the cctv camera in the corner . everett follow he gaze . then look back at boyle . then back at the cctv camera . everett what 's so fascinating ? int . boyle 's house ( live room ) - night 50 close on cctv footage -~ billy devaney at the bar of hanley 's , in a heat conversation with joey brennan . everett be on the couch watch the television , which be play the cctv tape . boyle enter with two mug of tea . boyle Nice mug of tea . he hand a mug to everett and sit opposite . everett which one 's devaney , the italian ? ( continued ) shoot script october 9th 2009 55 . continued : 50 boyle yeah . so anyways , I have what I think be a crank call say the person responsible for kill mccormick be this lad billy devaney . devaney 's alibi be that he be in hanley 's on the night batter the head off joey brennan there . everett so ? boyle so maybe whoever make the crank call be in there that night , see billy -- everett -- go crazy assault brennan and decide to put he in the frame for mccormick as well . boyle eggszactly ! close on the cctv footage -- brennan rear up in front of devaney , who grab a blunderbuss from off the bar and swing it at brennan , crack he over the head . boyle Jesus , he give he a hell of a clout . he 's strong for a little lad . close on the cctv footage ~- brennan throw a few weak punch , but devaney keep batter he with the gun . everett what 's that he 's hit he with ? boyle a blunderbuss . everett right . I think it be a musketoon . they look similar . boyle nod , impressed by everett 's knowledge . close on the cctv footage -- brennan be now unconscious on the ground . devaney sit at the bar . two men appear and casually step over brennan -- everett freeze it ! boyle grab the video remote and pause the image -- extreme close -up on the cctv footage -- the man be sheehy and cornell . ( continued ) 50 51 52 shoot script october 9th 2009 56 . continued : 50 everett goddamn , it 's sheehy and Cornell ! they be here ! boyle now we be talk , boy ! hold on the image of sheehy and cornell . ext . garda station - day 51 four car be park outside the station , none of they mark garda vehicle , all with Dublin plate . boyle , in uniform , drive up in he garda car . look at the car . nod to himself . boyle the big city boy . int . garda station - day 52 everett and EIGHT detective be crowded into the small station . some on they cellphone , talk excitedly , other tapping at they lap -top , other drink coffee and confer around a large map of connemara . boyle enter and look around , grin -- boyle a big map . people point . must be important ! everett and the detective pause to look at boyle for a moment , then resume what they be do . boyle approach everett , who be at the map with two detective , circle possible landing - point . everett -- here , here , and here . that 's just to begin with . then we ’1ll move up and down the coast , point by point -- he pause , notice boyle at he shoulder , smile . boyle it 's all happen now , hah ? everett ( to the two detective ) Excuse I a moment . he take boyle by the arm to usher he to one side , but boyle swiftly pull he arm from everett 's grasp . everett I be sorry , I do not mean to -- ( continued ) 52 53 shoot script october 9th 2009 57 . continued : 52 boyle do not you ever fuck grab hold of I like that again . everett and do not you ever speak to I like that again , sergeant boyle . the station telephone ring . a detective answer it . boyle get you fuck zomby around you now , hah ? mobile phone , computer . very fuck sophisticated -- everett we be all work together on a vitally important case , sergeant . now what I need from you -- boyle what do you need from I , wendell , apart from a cup of fuck coffee ? he look defiantly at everett . the detective on the telephone look up -- detective hey , boyle , you have get a call . some lad want to talk to ya . moody look up from he computer , amused -- moody his cat 's probably stick up a tree or something . the other detective laugh . boyle be still stare at everett . everett turn away . ext . connemara bog - day 53 eugene be stand on the desolate bog , he bike and he dog , jasper , beside he . a garda car approach along the bog road . halt close to eugene . boyle get out . boyle where be it ? eugene Beyond . boyle lead the way , so . ( continued ) 53 pink revision 21st october 2009 58 . continued : eugene move off across the bog , the dog at he heel . boyle follow at a leisurely pace . after walk a short distance , eugene stop . his dog stop . boyle stop -- overhead shot -- they look down at a tarpaulin bundle poorly bury in a hole in the turf . eugene they do not hide it very well . sloppy . boyle they be probably out here after dark . it have be a lonely auld job up here at night . eugene yeah . probably ghost up here and everything . poltergeist . boyle I do not know about poltergeist , now . there 's nothing to peg around . what be you do up here anyways ? eugene would not you like to know . boyle you will be get a belt , now , Eugene , if you carry on with that craic . give I a hand here . they crouch down over either end of the tarpaulin and lift it out onto drier ground . overhead shot -- boyle and eugene unfold the tarpaulin to reveal two AK - 47 rifle , six glock , a .357 Magnum , two thousand round of ammunition , semtex explosive , and five timer power unit . a ira arm cache . boyle look at eugene . eugene what ? boyle Hand it over . eugene hah ? boyle I be not in the mood , Eugene . ( continued ) 53 pink revision 21st october 2009 59 . continued : 53 eugene I do not know what you be talk about . boyle you have take something . eugene I have not ! boyle you have take something . you do not even act surprised , for fuck 's sake . eugene this be like the Birmingham six all over again ! boyle Hand it over , you little shit . do not make I frisk you . eugene you be trippin’ , nigga , if you think you be gonna frisk I ! i’1l have you up on charge ! boyle do you want I to batter the hell out of you , Eugene ? because I will , boy , no question ask ! eugene consider this . he put he hand down inside he tracksuit bottom and fumble around -- boyle what in the hell be ya -- eugene finally produce a derringer -- a small , single - shot pocket pistol . he hand it to boyle . boyle it 's tiny . eugene it 's a derringer . John wilk Booth use one to assassinate abraham lincoln . boyle I would not have think they have do that much damage . eugene ah , they get the job do , so I be tell . although I can not see what use they would be to the ' RA . ( continued ) pink revision 21st october 2009 60 . 53 continued : 53 boyle maybe they be for kill little Protestant . eugene laugh widely , show the gap in he tooth . eugene killing little Protestant ! that 's funny ! boyle pocket the derringer . boyle well , we better get they load and be head back . and not a peep about this to anyone , d'ya hear I ? eugene let I have a go of one of they first . boyle be you off you head or what ? as if I be go to -- eugene that 's not fair ! I find they ! I do not have to tell you at all , ya bollix ! boyle make a lunge for he that eugene deftly dodge . eugene then swiftly change tack , from anger to plead , clasp he hand in supplication -- eugene just give I a go of one of they and I will not say a word to nobody , sergeant , I promise . boyle consider this . he look at eugene 's sad little face . then look at jasper 's sad little face . boyle which one ? eugene ( brighten up ) the AK - 47 ! boyle pick up one of the AK - 47 . boyle it 's almost as big as you be , for fuck 's sake . eugene ah go on , you promise ! ( continued ) 53 pink revision 21st october 2009 60a . continued : 53 boyle I do not promise anything . he put away the AK - 47 . ( continued ) 53 54 pink revision 21st october 2009 61 . continued : 53 eugene ah , go on ! boyle come up with the .357 Magnum . he check that it 's load and hand it to eugene . boyle be careful , now . eugene heft the Magnum , admire it . boyle ducking out of the line of fire . eugene it 's okay if I let off a few round , so ? boyle go on ahead for yourself . eugene steady himself . boyle take a step back -- eugene fire off a shot that frighten the life out of jasper and throw eugene onto the seat of he pants . after the shock have pass , he face light up -- eugene gun be mad thing , be not they ? boyle grab the Magnum . boyle mad , yeah . ext . salthill diving pier - day 54 cornell be on the pier , look out onto the promenade . a leather briefcase beside he . Inspector stanton and detective moody appear . they approach cautiously along the pier , climb the flight of step to cornell . stanton like a donkey fuck a hippopotamus , it 's party time . cornell what ? moody like a donkey fuck a hippopotamus , it 's party time . cornell what the fuck be you on about ? ( continued ) * 54 55 pink revision 21st october 2009 62 . continued : 54 stanton sheehy say -- cornell he be take the fuck piss , for fuck 's sake . cornell hand the briefcase to moody . moody that 's nice . be it real leather ? cornell what be I , fuck cheap ? stanton it 's all there , yeah ? cornell Excuse I ? stanton it 's all there ? cornell no , it 's not all there . I have skimm a few grand off the top . stanton hah ? cornell of course it 's all fuck there . this be the pay-off , yeah ? we pay you off and you and you pal keep you nose out of we fuck business , yeah ? that 's the dynamic in this situation . so why the fuck would I then cheat you out of you money , hey ? why would I do that ? that would make no sense . that would defeat the entire purpose of the entire fuck interaction . fuck I ! he shake he head in despair as he descend the step . [ we can see he have a gun tuck in at he back . ] moody somebody get out of bed on the wrong side this morning . as cornell walk off , he make a sinister turn and look back at stanton and moody , give they pause . int . conference room - day 55 boyle be sit at the end of a row of seat , look blankly ahead . ( continued ) 55 pink revision 21st october 2009 62a . continued : a door to the side open -- stanton and everett enter . ( continued ) 55 55 continued : shoot script october 9th 2009 63 . 55 boyle ah. the irish - american Alliance . stanton do not start , you . you be in enough trouble as it be . everett he 's not in trouble , Inspector , we just need to clear the air be all . boyle ( to stanton ) what 's wrong with you office ? stanton it 's be redecorate . the fume . boyle redecorate again ? what colour be you painting it this time , yellow ? stanton what do you mean by that ? boyle I do not mean anything by it . it be a innocent -enough question . everett look from boyle to stanton , puzzle . stanton you mean something by it , you prick . try to cast aspersion . boyle I be not try to cast aspersion . you have a very long and distinguished service record . we all know that . stanton oh go fuck yourself , boyle . everett listen , for the sake of this invest - igation , can we get past any personal animosity the two of you may have ? it 's unhelpful and it 's unprofessional . we have get a serious job of work to do here . which be why I want to apologise to you , sergeant , for what happen this morning . it be out of line . there 's no reason why we can not work together on this . I do not want you to think I be freezing you out . that be never my intention . boyle look blankly ahead . ( continued ) shoot script october 9th 2009 64 . 55 continued : 55 stanton answer the man . boyle yeah , yellow . same colour as you gazebo . everett sigh . stanton get the fuck out of here , boyle . I be sick of the sight of ya . boyle get up , stretch , and go to the door . stanton ( to everett ) I tell you he be pure thick . this be a waste of time . boyle pause at the door . glance at everett -- boyle do you not know he have a gazebo , no ? i’1l see ye . he wave goodbye like James Dean in giant , the door close behind he . stanton I do not have a gazebo , agent Everett . everett I do not care , man . 56 56 int . aquarium - day sheehy and o’leary be look into a tank fill with various marine animal . cornell appear . cornell I fuck hate rat , I swear to God . sheehy do they try something ? cornell no they do not try something . o'leary then what 's the problem ? cornell I be just fuck sick and tired of the kind of people we have to deal with in this business . ( continued ) 56 shoot script october 9th 2009 65 . continued : 56 sheehy what do you expect ? we be drug - trafficker . o'leary the dalai lama 's hardly go to be look for a piece of the action . close on a second tank . the face of cornell , sheehy and o’leary appear , distort by the water and the glass as they watch the movement of a lobster . cornell it 's dispirite , though . I mean , what 's the point ? it 's all so fuck meaningless . o'leary the money . cornell the money . yeah . but how much money do you need to be happy ? sheehy the whore . cornell the whore . yeah . but I be at a stage in my life where I be look for a more meaningful relationship . y’know ? o’ leary I be with you there . monogamous . a third tank . cornell , sheehy and o’leary frame by a large painting of a spider crab . cornell there 's one guard stanton can not vouch for , say he 's too unpredictable . sheehy do not tell I , let I guess . boyle . cornell yeah that 's it . back to the first tank . cornell fascinate by the movement of a bask shark . cornell I like shark . they be soothing . close on the shark . match CUT to : 57 shoot script october 9th 2009 66 . int . church - day 57 close on a crucify Christ . boyle be in a pew beside the confessional . after a moment , the confessional door open to reveal eileen , struggle to get up from she kneel position . boyle reach she , and help she up and over to a pew . eileen he be no use . boyle sure what have you get to confess , anyways , at you age ? eileen what 's my age get to do with it ? pol pot be in he seventies when he die . boyle I think pol pot 's shenanigan be a little bit more malicious than anything you might have get up to . eileen show how much you know . boyle oh really ? you take part in a wild orgy or something ? one of they bacchanal ? eileen ah , go ' way . he sit down beside she . boyle bust a cap in the ass of a homey ? eileen ( with a giggle ) '' bust a cap in the ass . '' funny . they sit in silence for a moment . eileen how be thing in the world of law enforcement ? boyle we have have a fella over from the FBI . eileen oh ! behavioural Science unit ? ( continued ) 57 continued : shoot script october 9th 2009 67 . 57 boyle drug . eileen ah , sure . boyle yeah . eileen what type of drug ? boyle Cocaine . eileen Cocaine . I could do with some cocaine . they say it give you a lot of get - up - and - go . boyle it perk you up , alright . help you get off with the lass , too . they be mad for the stuff . eileen sure who can blame they ? boyle true enough . eileen ( after a pause ) what about amyl nitrate ? boyle hah ? eileen what about amyl nitrate ? what do that do for you ? boyle what be I , a fuck drug aficionado ? what 's with the interest all of a sudden ? eileen I do not know . I feel like I have miss out . boyle you have miss out on amyl nitrate ? eileen generally , I be say . ( continued ) 57 58 continued : shoot script october 9th 2009 68 . they laugh . int . eddie 57 boyle we have all fuck miss out generally . you be not alone there . ( pause ) what 's go on in that tiny little brain ? come on , tell I . eileen I be think , I have not listen to music in a long time . live music , you know ? a ceilidh band . boyle sure if that 's all that 's bother you , I will sort something out for tonight . eileen you will ? boyle I 'il see what 's on . bound to be something good on somewhere . and it 's not like you be that hard to please . eileen that 's what they say to I at the orgy ! rocket 's diner - day 58 aoife be sit in a booth , suck on a milkshake . she have a black eye and a bruise lip . Middle of the Road 's '' chirpy chirp cheep cheep '' play on the jukebox . she look up -- boyle , still in uniform , be stand with he hand in he pocket . they look at each other for a long moment . boyle you have be in the war , hah ? aoife yeah . boyle who do that to you ? aoife just a fella . boyle just a fella . not a very nice fella . aoife there be not any nice fella . ( continued ) 58 shoot script october 9th 2009 69 . continued : 58 boyle oh I would not be too sure about that , now . that 's a very pessimistic world - view . aoife suck to the bottom of she milkshake . boyle attract the attention of a pass waitress . boyle two more of they , please . chocolate . the waitress move off . boyle slip into the booth . boyle what bring you back to galway , aoife ? nothing good , I be betting . aoife I be tell to come . boyle who tell you to come ? aoife a fella . boyle a fella . the same fella who laid into you ? aoife maybe . boyle and what do this enigmatic fella have to say for himself ? aoife it 's about that picture . boyle what picture ? aoife the photograph . from the G. boyle look blankly at aoife . her head be lower . boyle what about they ? aoife I be tell to tell you , you be to keep you head down , if you know what 's good for you . she look up at he . he look straight back at she . she lower she head again , ashamed . ( continued ) 58 shoot script october 9th 2009 70 . continued : 58 boyle and if I do not keep my head down , what then ? aoife shrug . the waitress deliver the two milkshake . boyle take a long suck on he milkshake . aoife look up at he . he continue suck on it . aoife smile . then she glance up and she smile fade . boyle follow she glance -- sheehy have approach the table , a bottle of sol in he hand . bobbie gentry 's '' ode to billy Joe '' have start play on the jukebox . sheehy be we make any headway or what ? he slip into the booth , face boyle , aoife in the middle . boyle put down he milkshake . boyle sheehy . sheehy sergeant boyle . boyle so it be a set - up from the start ? how d'ya work that ? sheehy ah no . just a random thing . Heard on the grapevine there be a guard out in galway be partial to the whore , decide to take advantage of it . totally opportunistic on my part . boyle nod . he and sheehy look at one another , until sheehy become aware of the song that be play -- sheehy this song freak I out , man . I mean , what do they throw off the fuck tallahatchie Bridge ? aoife I always think it be a baby . boyle shoot a glance at aoife . sheehy yeah ? it could be a gun . it could be ... it could be any fuck thing , when you think about it . ( continued ) shoot script october 9th 2009 71 . continued : 58 boyle bobbie gentry say she do not know what it be . it 's suppose to be , y'know , mysterious . sheehy who 's bobbie gentry ? boyle the singer . she write the song . sheehy oh . give I the fuck creep , anyways , whatever it be . boyle you know what give I the creep ? Men who beat up woman . sheehy that be not I , now . that be one of my overenthusiastic minion . boyle Cornell or o'leary ? sheehy you be very well - inform , sergeant . boyle I like to keep abreast of current event . sheehy good man yourself . ( pause ) no , I be no fan of violence against woman , and to be honest , I be no fan of blackmail either . so as a add incentive ... he take a stuff envelope from he inside jacket pocket and place it in the centre of the table . sheehy now . boyle suck on he milkshake . boyle what 's the point in pay I off ? you will still have to pay off every other guard on the west coast . sheehy look blankly at he . take a slug of the sol . boyle you have pay off everyone ? ( continued ) 58 pink revision 21st october 2009 continued : sheehy enough as make no odd . boyle even wendell ? sheehy oh , the yank ? no , I decide discretion be the better part of valour there . you know what Americans be like with they fuck '' ideal '' . ( pause ) sergeant , I will say this now , just so 's we be quite clear . this be a one- time - only offer . you cross I on this and you be finish . and this be not just about I . you can not just arrest I and it 's over . there be man behind the man . do you understand ? boyle I understand , sheehy . I understand . sheehy good . Goodbye , amigo . he get up from the booth and exit . boyle and aoife sit in silence . boyle rub he temple aoife be ya alright ? boyle that milkshake 's after give I a fuck milkshake- headache . aoife oh I hate they . ( pause ) what be ya gonna do ? boyle it 's alright . it will go in a minute . he look at she . she smile . he get up , leave the money . boyle buy yourself something nice , aoife . I will see ye . he exit . aoife sit still a moment , then reach out and grab the envelope , put it in she lap . 72 . 58 pink revision 21st october 2009 722a . 59 int . G HOTEL ( blue lounge ) - day 59 everett and Inspector stanton be seat in the baroque Blue Lounge . stanton glance at the decor . stanton you know when you hear tell about someone be liquidate ? you know , ( more ) ( continued ) 59 shoot script october 9th 2009 73 . continued : 59 stanton ( cont 'd ) by the mob , like ? what do that actually mean ? everett it mean they have be kill . what else would it mean ? stanton yeah , I know that . but do it mean they have actually be turn into liquid ? everett no , just kill . stanton yeah . I suppose turn someone into liquid would be too time - consume , hah ? it would take age . he stare off into the middle distance . everett look blankly at he . gabriela appear in the corridor to the lounge , dress in a staff uniform . she approach apprehensively . everett stand , stanton remain seat . gabriela you have find he ? everett no , I be sorry , Mrs McBride . we just want to ask you a few question . please . he motion gabriela to a seat . sit opposite she . gabriela I think sergeant boyle be -- stanton he 's be relieved of that duty . gabriela why ? stanton he 's not right in the head . everett I do not think we need to get into this with Mrs McBride , Inspector . stanton right you be , so , you would know more than I , go ahead . gabriela glance between stanton and everett . ( continued ) 59 continued : shoot script october 9th 2009 74 . 59 everett Mrs McBride , can you think of any reason why you husband may have choose to disappear ? gabriela no . I have tell sergeant boyle all I know . everett I understand that , but -- stanton be he on the take ? gabriela I do not understand -- stanton McBride . be he take money from people ? gangster , like ? gabriela he be a good man . why would he -- stanton ah , sure , we be all good man . the fact remain , he show up in the West at the exact same time a bunch of drug-smugglers be plan to land half a billion dollar 's worth of cocaine and then he suddenly go miss ? sound fishy to I . everett look at stanton , astonished . gabriela you be say my husband be a criminal ? everett hold on , now , just a minute -- stanton I be say many a blind eye 'il be turn for that kind of money . and he be from Dublin after all . gabriela stand , as do everett . gabriela I think you be try to find my husband , but you come here to insult he ? everett I apologise for the insensitivity of Inspector stanton 's remark , Mrs Mc -- ( continued ) 59 60 shoot script october 9th 2009 75 . continued : 59 gabriela I will only speak to sergeant boyle about this . please do not come to my place of work again . good day to you . she turn and exit . everett watch she go , then look at stanton , who be still seat . stanton touchy , hah ? they be like that , the romanian . ext . connemara aerodrome - day 60 boyle be sit on the boot of he garda car , smoking , watch a plane fly in from the aran Islands . a vw beetle drive up and park alongside . the driver be colum hennessey . forty , ira . he get out . dress in denim . place a cowboy hat on he head . tip it . hennessey sergeant . boyle colum . hennessey take a vial from he pocket and tap out a handful of multicoloure pill . hennessey you want one of this ? boyle what be they ? hennessey I have no idea . libyan lad give they to I . they be all different colour , look . boyle I 'il pass , colum . hennessey I like the purple one . they make you feel frisky . he gulp down a handful . hennessey let 's have a little look - see for ourselves . boyle hop down from the boot , and open it to reveal the ira arm cache . ( continued ) 60 shoot script october 9th 2009 76 . continued : 60 hennessey who be it find it ? boyle Young lad . hennessey we will not have any problem there ? boyle no , he 's a good lad . he 's a bit crack , anyways , so even if he say anything ... hennessey nod . flip open a notepad and consult it . glance at the arm cache . frown . hennessey this be the lot , yeah ? boyle yeah . what 's the problem ? hennessey there 's suppose to be two kalash - nikov and six of this handgun . and a derringer . boyle what 's a derringer ? hennessey it 's like a baby gun . one of the gay lad use to like , ah ... secreting they about he person . boyle there be gay lad in the ira ? hennessey one or two , yeah . it be the only way we could successfully infiltrate mi5 . boyle nod . hennessey look at he . boyle what ? hennessey I mean , a AK - 47 , a Glock and a derringer . that 's a lot to go miss , like . boyle nod . hennessey look at he . hennessey I mean , what do you think happen to they ? ( continued ) 60 continued : shoot script october 9th 2009 77 . 60 boyle maybe the mouse eat they . hennessey hah ? boyle maybe the mouse eat they . hennessey I can not be after put that in my report . '' the mouse eat they . '' boyle no ? hennessey not really , no . boyle ( get work up ) well why do not you put in you report that sergeant boyle go out of he fuck way to do you boy a fuck favour and he get really fuck annoyed when you start ask he stupid fuck question about a few miss fuck gun , try to fuck catch he out as if he 's just some kind of fuck gobshite ! hennessey ah , there 's no need -- boyle you have you fuck explosive , do not ya ? I mean it 's not like you lad be ever that keen on get in close for a scrap , now , be it ? blow up australian by mistake from a distance be more you modus operandi . hennessey ah , now , there 's no need to be like that . I can see I have upset ya and I apologise for it , okay ? and let 's leave it at that . boyle ( totally calm again ) I accept you apology , colum . you boy owe I one , though . for go out of my way . hennessey i’1l put it to the High Command . ( continued ) shoot script october 9th 2009 78 . 60 continued : 60 boyle be there still a High Command ? hennessey there be . boyle well I can not ask fairer than that . hennessey lift the tarpaulin out of the boot and carry it to the rear of he vw . take out he key -- boyle the boot 's at the other end , colum . hennessey look at boyle , then at the vw . he laugh . hennessey I be always do that . he lift up the tarpaulin and traipse around to the front of the ww . boyle shake he head . 61 ext . coastline - evening 61 sheehy , o’leary and cornell silhouett , look down onto spiddal pier . sheehy with a pair of binocular -- sheehy 's Pov through the binocular -- the pier be totally desert . sheehy nothing . tomorrow night , so . we be good to go . cornell oh I hate that . sheehy what ? cornell americanism . 62 ext . country road - evening 62 sheehy , cornell and o’leary walk towards they car . o’ leary what about the guard ? sheehy I do not know . that 's a anomaly . be that the right word ? I do not think it be . ( continued ) 62 shoot script october 9th 2009 79 . continued : 62 o’ leary why ? the guard , I mean . sheehy the blackmail do not seem to bother he . and he do not take the money . cornell yeah ? I be impressed . sheehy I be , too , I have to say . o’ leary good luck to he . cornell it 's not often you come across that kind of integrity . in we business . they reach the car . sheehy still . cornell yeah we can not have that . sheehy we will have to make sure he 's out of harm 's way . they look at o’leary . o'leary why be it always I , though ? cornell because you be a psychopath . o'leary I find that to be highly discrim - inatory against the mentally ill . sheehy and cornell laugh . they open the car door . o’ leary and anyways , I be a sociopath , not a psychopath . they explain that to I in mountjoy . sheehy what 's the difference ? o'leary I can not remember . it 's a tricky one . they get into the car and drive away . 63 shoot script october 9th 2009 80 . ext / int . neachtain 's bar - night 63 a ceilidh band be play in the pack bar . boyle , in casual clothes , carry two pint and two whisky on a tray to a booth where eileen be wait . he sit -- eileen down the hatch ! they knock back the whisky in one go . eileen what do Doctor oleyuwo say to you ? boyle what could he say ? eileen he will not be too happy , I out gallivant . boyle I tell he I have have he deport if he make any trouble . eileen you be a terror ! boyle ah , he 's alright , though . eileen he be really . he 's a good-look man . very distinguished - look . very dignify . boyle ah , that 's what they always say about auld black fella . '' he have great dignity . '' it 's racist . eileen be it ? ( pause ) sidney poitier . ( pause ) they do say they have large penise . Black man . boyle that 's just a myth . eileen ( disappointed ) be it ? boyle yeah . ( continued ) 63 64 shoot script october 9th 2009 81 . continued : 63 eileen somebody be tell I -- suddenly she almost double over , clutching she abdomen . boyle reach out to she , she grab he hand and squeeze it till the wave of pain pass . '' boyle okay ? she sit up again . nod . take a swallow from she pint . boyle watch she . boyle we should not have come out . eileen no , no , I will be alright . they listen to the music . boyle still concerned . eileen thanks for take I out , Gerry . you be a good boy . you have always be a good boy . boyle ah , stop . eileen you never give I a moment 's grief . boyle ah , stop , now . we both know that 's not true . eileen let 's pretend that it be . she hold out she hand . boyle grasp it . boyle look at you little hand . eileen / boyle almost like a real person' ! they laugh at they in - joke . eileen take another swallow of she pint . they listen to the music . eileen Lovely music . fade to black . int . church - day 64 fade in on the parish priest say the mass in gaelic . ( continued ) 64 65 pink revision 21st october 2009 82 . continued : 64 the church full of parishioner . boyle , smartly dress , among they . as be everett , quirkily dress , the only black face in a sea of white face . parish priest ( in gaelic ) May the peace of the Lord be with you all . parishioner ( in gaelic ) and also with you . parish priest ( in gaelic ) let we offer each other the sign of peace . the parishioner turn to one another to shake hand -- as boyle do so , he see gabriela be in the pew behind he . he smile and shake she hand . she smile back . the parishioner beside everett converge on he , excited to shake the hand of a FBI man . ext . church - day 65 the parishioner file out , many loitering to gossip and smoke . they part for boyle and everett , who have inadvertently find themselves alongside one another . boyle never peg you for a Catholic , wendell . everett be that right ? boyle think you have be into one of that silly religion . everett what exactly do you consider a silly religion , sergeant ? boyle the one where they believe in alien and spaceship and all that shite . everett scientologist . boyle I be think baptist and presbyterian , mainly . ( more ) ( continued ) * ee of pink revision 21st october 2009 82a . 65 continued : 65 boyle ( cont 'd ) sure it 's all little green man in the end , though , hah . i’1l see ye . he scoot off , have spot gabriela . everett smile wryly . pink revision 21st october 2009 83. 66 ext . road outside church - day 66 gabriela walk along . boyle saunter up alongside she . boyle how be thing ? gabriela oh . you know . ( pause ) they say that '' no news be good news '' ? boyle yes , they say that , but it 's not true . no news be generally very bad . gabriela look at he for a long moment . gabriela you be a very honest man . boyle I be sorry . gabriela no , it be good . I have not meet many honest man in my life . even aidan ... boyle he have he reason , I suppose . ( pause ) how be you feel in yourself ? gabriela I know it have only be a little while , but the house ... boyle it must feel awful lonesome . gabriela yes ... we be not in love , of course , but companionship ... it be very important , yes ? boyle yeah . especially out here . gabriela how do you deal with loneliness , sergeant ? boyle I hire prostitute . ( continued ) 66 continued : pink revision 21st october 2009 gabriela ( after a pause ) I be sorry ? 83a . 66 ( continued ) shoot script october 9th 2009 84 . 66 continued : 66 boyle I hire prostitute . good-time girl , you know ? gabriela nod , consider this . gabriela but that be just sex , yes ? that do not help someone who be lonely . boyle it go a long way , I have to say . ( pause ) I use to take a lot of crystal meth , but I have to put a stop to it . gabriela it be bad for you health ? boyle yeth . I be a complete meth . gabriela look at he and laugh . they walk on . boyle I read . I listen to music . I watch film . I go for a drink at the pub . I go for lot of drink at the pub , actually . you should come with I some time . gabriela be you try to ... pick I up , sergeant ? boyle no , no , no , no , no . God , no. ( pause ) maybe a little bit . gabriela I do not think it would be right -- boyle no , no , not now . oh God , no . I mean when we have get aidan back safe and sound , like . he can go off gallivant - ing with he young fella , and you and I can go out for a few scoops , and everybody 's happy . and then , if everything 's go well , and there 's nobody to stand in we way , we could elope and leave this cruel world behind . how 's about that for a plan , hah ? gabriela it be a very good plan . ( continued ) 66 67 68 shoot script october 9th 2009 85 . continued : 66 boyle it be indeed . they smile , and walk on . int . hospice - day 67 a open suitcase on a neatly - fold bed . boyle appear , place he mother 's clothes into the suitcase . Doctor oleyuwo be at the doorway . oleyuwo we check the dispensary . there be nothing miss , as far as we could tell . boyle she probably save they up herself . she be always crafty like that . oleyuwo she do not leave a note . boyle she do not have to leave a note . what need to be say ? there be a rosary on the bedside table , along with the goncharov book . boyle toss the rosary into the suitcase . flip through the book . pause -- extreme close - up on the title - page . eileen have write : '' to Gerry . he die in the end . sad. Love , mum . '' boyle smile . he place the book in the suitcase . oleyuwo you do not seem surprised . boyle she be a proud woman . she be a brave woman . ( close the suitcase ) she be my mother . he go to the door with the suitcase . hold out he hand . oleyuwo shake it . boyle exit . oleyuwo glance around the room . then exit , close the door . hold on the empty room for a moment . int . HOTEL - night 68 everett be at the bar with he luggage , in a sober suit and tie . he pay for a coffee . turn , pause -- ( continued ) 68 shoot script october 9th 2009 86 . continued : 68 boyle be sit on he own , brood , a pint and a whiskey chaser in front of he . everett hesitates , then decide to go over . boyle glance up at he approach . everett motion to the empty seat opposite boyle . boyle nod . everett sit . everett I be sorry to hear about you mother . I lose my father a few year ago . it do not hit I so much at the time , it be only later ... boyle it 's tough , alright . everett yeah . he put a sugar cube in he mouth , sip he coffee . boyle knock back the whiskey . boyle so what 's happen with the investigation ? everett we have have reliable intelligence they be down in cork . we be go -- boyle who 's down in cork ? everett sheehy , Cornell , o’leary . boyle where do this intelligence come from ? everett garda source . boyle garda source . everett one of stanton 's informer . boyle look at everett . sup he pint . everett the Naval service be stand down in this area , and we be now concentrate the operation down there . boyle so you be move on ? ( continued ) 68 69 70 shoot script october 9th 2009 87 . continued : 68 everett yeah . there 's another agent in place already . I be head down there tonight . ( pause ) I would like to thank you for you help . it be much appreciate . boyle do not respond . everett well . he finish he coffee and get up . boyle you take care of yourself , now , wendell . he hold out he hand . everett , surprised , shake it . everett I will . good luck . boyle I 'il see ye . everett nod and move off , carry he luggage . boyle sup he pint . int . boyle 's house ( live room ) - night 69 boyle pour himself a whiskey . Chet Baker 's '' everything happens to I '' can be hear play . he go to a window and look out at the sea . there be a loud knock at the front door . boyle glance at the clock on the mantelpiece -- it be past midnight . he put down he glass , and cross the room to a window that look out onto the front path -- boyle 's Pov -- there do not seem to be anybody on the path , although the angle be deceptive . he pause , unsure . ext . boyle 's house - night 70 boyle open the door , but there be no one there . he walk up the path and look around . he look up at the star , then return down the path and go back inside . 71 shoot script october 9th 2009 88. int . live room — night 71 he pick up he whiskey and go to the record player -- o'leary ( 0.s. ) no , leave it . I like Chet Baker . boyle pause . he turn around -- o'leary be sit in a armchair , a gun in one hand , point at boyle , a whiskey in the other . o'leary you should get a dog . or a parrot , maybe . something to raise the alarm , y'know . ned Kelly have a peacock . boyle I have always want a giraffe . o’ leary a giraffe ? that would not work . ( look up at the ceiling ) I mean , you have have to put in a cupola or something . it have be too expensive . ( motion with the gun ) sit yourself down , there , now . boyle sit on a armchair opposite o’leary . boyle I think you lad be suppose to be in cork ? o'leary it 's call misinformation in the intelligence community . boyle disinformation . o’ leary disinformation , then , smartarse . ( pause ) there 's a boat come in but there 's nothing on it . it 's just a blind . boyle you be down at rossaveal , so ? o'leary Close . spiddal . ( pause ) y'know , I do not know whether to kill you or just tie you up , make sure you do not do anything silly . ( more ) ( continued ) 71 continued : shoot script october 9th 2009 89 . 71 o'leary ( cont 'd ) do you have any rope and , ah ... what -— d'ya - call - it , mask tape ? boyle there might be some down in the shed below . o’leary ah , sure , I can not be traipsing around out there at this hour of the night . they look blankly at one another . boyle you could not just let I be , no ? o'leary smile . sip he whiskey . boyle why do you kill mccormick , if you do not mind my ask ? o’leary we think he be a FBI informer . boyle you think he be a FBI informer . o'leary yeah . turn out he be not . boyle unlucky for mister mccormick . o'leary ( with a laugh ) better to be safe than sorry , though , hah ? boyle right enough . you can not be too careful in you line of work . o'leary it 's a hard life . not a lot of people understand . I be on tablet , like , for the stress . lithium . boyle you have want to be careful with that stuff . o'leary sure I know well . they look blankly at one another . boyle scratch at he crotch . ( continued ) 71 continued : shoot script october 9th 2009 90 . 71 o'leary you alright there ? boyle I think I might have pick up a little something I should not have . o’ leary get a little fungi from dingle , hah ? boyle I be with this two lass . I get a bit carry away , like . o’ leary ran out of the auld prophylactics but decide to chance it ? we have all be there . where be this girl from ? not from around here ? boyle Dublin . o’ leary ah , sure , Dublin . you have only yourself to blame . boyle leave he crotch alone for a moment . sip he whiskey . glance around . boyle be nice if we have some dip . while you be make up you mind . o’ leary yeah , some nacho . guacamole . boyle I mean we could be here a while . o'leary ah we will not be here that long . this 'il all be over soon . boyle be that right ? o'leary yeah . you future 's so short it would not stand knee-high to a midget . boyle '' knee-high to a midget '' ! good one . you read it in a book , though , so it do not count . you have get to make they up yourself , epigram . o'leary look sullenly at he . ( continued ) 71 continued : shoot script october 9th 2009 91 . 71 boyle so what be the deal with mccormick ? o'leary I ' have already say . we think he be -- boyle no , I mean -- o’ leary oh , you mean all that other shite ? boyle yeah . what be all that about ? o’ leary it be just to confuse you lad . boyle why five and a half , though ? o’ leary fuck know . I be lock , sure . boyle nod . he put one hand inside he crotch now and start scratch , the other digging at he fly . o'leary laugh , he gun hold idly in he lap . o’ leary Christ , they be eat you alive , the beggar ! boyle and McBride ? you do for he , too , I suppose ? o’ leary ah that be pure happenstance . he pull we over for no reason . he should have minded he own fuck business . boyle what do you do with the body ? o’ leary dumped he in the sea . the little fish will have eat he away by now . not bad , though , hah ? get away with two murder ? boyle you have not get away with they yet . o'leary I admire you confidence , sergeant . ( continued ) 71 71a 72 pink revision 21st october 2009 92 . continued : 71 boyle I admire yours . he draw the derringer and fire -- hitting o’leary in the chest , he gun drop from he hand . he remain sit up . boyle cross the room and pick up o’leary 's fall gun . o'leary ah fuck . I think you have ... I think you have do for I . boyle I think I have , yeah . o’leary open he shirt and study the bloody hole . boyle be the light grow dim ? o’ leary do not mock I . boyle it 's good enough for ya . o’ leary there be so many ... so many thing I want to do . boyle like what , for fuck 's sake ? running with the bull at Pamplona ? o’ leary ( cry ) I want to ... I want to ... boyle Jesus Christ , if there 's one thing I can not stand it 's self - pity . he exit . int . everett 's car - night 71a everett 's cellphone start ringing . he flip it open -- everett special agent wendell Everett . int . boyle 's house ( bedroom / live room ) - night 72 boyle be pace the room , a archaic telephone with a long lead in he hand . Daniel o’ donnell look down on he from the poster . ( continued ) 72 shoot script october 9th 2009 93 . continued : 72 boyle it 's Gerry boyle , wendell . inter-cut ~- everett hey , sergeant , what 's up ? boyle where be you ? everett I be almost into galway . boyle you have get to get back here . they be landing at spiddal tonight . cork be a decoy . everett ( after a pause ) listen , sergeant , I know I be a american and I have have difficulty adjust to the irish sense of humour -- boyle it 's not a joke . I be after have run into o'leary . everett you run into o’leary ? boyle well he run into I . I shot he . everett you shot he ? boyle in self - defence , like . everett be he dead ? boyle hang on . tracking shot -- follow boyle into the live room . he look down at o’leary , who be now quite dead . boyle he be now , yeah . everett ( after a pause ) no , no , no , no , no . it 's cork . they be come into cork . ( continued ) 72 73 74 75 shoot script october 9th 2009 94 . continued : 72 boyle ( after a pause ) well you know best . i’1l see ye . he hang up . int . everett 's car - night 73 everett flip shut he cellphone . continue drive . everett idiot. ( long pause ) goddamn idiot . int . boyle 's house ( bedroom ) - night 74 boyle open a cupboard to reveal a garda dress uniform wrap in clear plastic . he lay it on he bed and admire it . close on -- a blue shirt , with three chevron , buttone up over he paunch . close on -- a navy tie briskly knotted . close on -- navy trousers zipped up . a leather belt , with garda insignia , buckle up . close on -- fine black leather shoe quickly tie . close on -- a navy tunic jacket , with three chevron , buttone to the neck . close on -~ a navy cap place firmly on he head . boyle now smartly dress in the old - style uniform . he study he reflection . realise there be something miss . the cupboard mirror swing into view to reveal -- boyle now armed to the tooth with the Glock tuck in at he belt and the AK - 47 hoist in one hand . close on -- the Glock . close on -- the AK - 47 . boyle nod . now he be ready for action . ext . connemara - night 75 helicopter shot -- boyle 's garda car speed through the night . 76 77 shoot script october 9th 2009 95 . int . garda car - night 76 the AK - 47 be propped up on the seat beside boyle . he glance down at the Glock tuck in at he belt . remove it and place it on the passenger seat . boyle get to be careful with that lad . do not want to do any damage to meself . ext . gabriela 's house - night 77 boyle drive up , honk the horn . get out . gabriela open the front door . boyle I be not stop , gabriela , I have just come to say ... gabriela he be dead . boyle yeah . I be pretty sure of it . gabriela he kill himself ? boyle no . he be murder . gabriela he be murder ? tear well up in she eye . boyle yeah . they probably shot he , I think , and then throw he into the sea . it 's unlikely we will recover the body . I think you should know , anyways . gabriela cry . she wipe at she tear , boyle reach out at the same moment . they fingertip touch . boyle I have finish off one of the lad that do it . I be just go down now to sort out the other . gabriela what ? go where ? boyle down to spiddal . there 's a ship come in , I think . ( continued ) 77 78 79 80 81 82 83 shoot script october 9th 2009 96 . continued : 77 gabriela a ship ? how many be there ? boyle I do not know . I just want to say ... they look at each other . boyle I just want to say , I wish I have get to know you better . you be a lovely woman . he kiss gabriela on the cheek . she embrace he . he embrace she in return . he give a nod and turn away . gabriela sergeant ? he get back into he car . int . garda car - night 78 he reverse out without look back . gabriela frame through he windshield . ext . gabriela 's house - night 79 gabriela Gerry ! int . garda car - night 80 boyle speed along . think of what might have be . then he spot something up ahead -- ext . country road - night 81 eugene be walk along with he bicycle and he dog , jasper . he hear the sound of a car and turn -- to see boyle at the wheel of the garda car -- eugene salute -- boyle return the salute . int . garda car -— night 82 the car pass eugene . boyle glance in he rear-view mirror . he smile . ext . spiddal pier - night 83 three white men be haul bale of cocaine from the hold of the annabel Lee , a sixty - foot ship , onto the pier , and from there to a pick - up truck . ( continued ) 83 84 85 shoot script october 9th 2009 97 . continued : 83 sheehy and cornell be oversee everything , gun in they hand . cornell he 's take he time , for fuck 's sake . sheehy yeah . I think he have get over he predilection for torture . cornell I be not sure if you ever get over something like that . it 's not like it 's a hobby , be it . it 's more a psychological hang -up . sheehy I suppose . ext . coastline - night 84 boyle creep up from the coastline , armed with he Glock and the AK - 47 . darting in towards a wall at the beginning of the pier . int . pier ~- night 85 boyle hunker down behind a wall . peeps over it , look through a pair of pocket binocular -- boyle 's Pov through the binocular -- sheehy , cornell and the three men continue to load the bale . boyle five . maybe more on board . do not like that odd , I have to say . despite the overwhelming odd , boyle ready himself to go in . then he hear a sound and look up -- boyle 's Pov -- a car be coast down the hill towards he , in neutral , make little sound -- boyle be puzzle -- boyle 's Pov -- everett pop up from where he have be hunkere down behind the wheel . boyle be delighted . the car glide to a stop in front of he . everett slide out from behind the wheel , and join boyle behind the cover of the wall . boyle what do I tell ya ? ( continued ) 85 86 shoot script october 9th 2009 98 . continued : 85 everett I be here , be not i. boyle good man yourself . everett I have call for back - up . boyle why ? everett why ? because if we do not have back - up we be both go to die , that 's why . boyle no one 's go to come . it 's just you and I . everett what the hell be you say ? boyle you know what I be say . everett but they can not ... they will not just ... boyle half a billion dollar be a lot of money , wendell . ( pause ) it 's just you and I . they look at each other . ext . pier - night 86 cornell turn and look around the harbour . pause . raise a pair of binocular -- cornell 's Pov through binocular -- Everett 's car at the end of the pier . he lower the binocular . frown . cornell be that car there before ? sheehy come up beside cornell . look along the pier -- sheehy yeah . cornell yeah ? ( continued ) 87 blue revision 26 ext , pier - night everett move up from he crouch pocket binocular around the har everett shit . boyle that 's right . november 2009 99 . 87 and look through the bour . everett crouch down again . look at boyle , who have the Glock in he belt and the AK everett I suppose that 's what - 47 in he hand . account for the presence of that monstrosity . boyle this be for you . he offer the AK - 47 to everett , everett be you crazy ?! I can ' who push it away -- t start shoot - ing off a kalashnikov , it ’1ll be a international fuck boyle incident . you 'il have to . i’1l need cover fire . everett you x11 need cover fire ? what the hell be you plan boyle on do ? I be go to go down there and arrest that lad for the murder of James mccormick and aidan McBride , and for the lesser charge of smuggle cocaine . everett look blankly at boyle . everett okay . a point I no like to make . boyle go ahead . everett it 's fuck suicide . {continued ) 87 continued : shoot script october 9th 2009 100 . 87 boyle I know . even if I get away with it the big boy 'il be after I from then on , I will have no peace . you can always go back to the States , but where can I go ? that 's the thing about the irish , wendell , they never forget . but I be still go to go down there anyways . ( pause ) now I know what you be think . you be think , this man be armed and dangerous , and you be a FBI agent you be more use to shoot at unarm woman and child -- everett fuck you , sergeant . he put he head in he hand . boyle be you go to help I or what ? after a moment , everett take the AK - 47 from boyle . boyle good man . tell I something . have you ever be shot before ? everett yeah . he check the AK - 47 have be properly load . boyle do it hurt ? everett no , not really . yeah it hurt , man , what the fuck do you think ? you get any more ammo for this thing ? boyle unload ammunition from he pocket . boyle they say the shock counteract the pain , though . everett who exactly be '' they '' , sergeant ? boyle I dunno . just say , like . everett it hurt like hell , man , alright ? it hurt like hell . ( continued ) yellow revision 30 november 2009 100a . 87 continued : 87 they look at each other . boyle tilt he head . everett nod . yellow revision 30 november 2009 101 . 87a ext . pier - night 87a they step out from cover , walk out onto the pier and stride purposefully forward . boyle so how many time have you be shot ? everett Three time . boyle Three time ?! Jesus ! you must be get use to it by now , then , hah ? he look blankly at everett . everett try to remain serious , but can not help break into a smile . boyle grin . he take the Glock from he belt . everett be there somebody you want I to call ? if you ... boyle no , I do not have anybody . ( pause ) just pin a medal on my body , like with that lad come home from Iraq . everett fuck you once again , sergeant . boyle smile . he take a deep breath . boyle thanks for come back to help I , wendell , I appreciate it . they look at each other . everett nod . everett I will see ya . boyle nod . he march in -- everett drop to the ground and go into a sniper - stance , cover he -- 88 ext . pier - night 88 man * 1 pause while load a bale into the pick - up truck . cornell pause also -- they Pov -- boyle march towards they . cornell be astound . he grin . ( continued ) yellow revision 30 november 2009 101a . 88 continued : 88 cornell you have get to be fuck joke . ( continued ) 88 89 90 shoot script october 9th 2009 102 . continued : 88 man * 2 and man * 3 turn . sheehy turn also -- sheehy ( in disbelief ) it 's the guard . boyle keep come -- boyle I be here for sheehy and Cornell ! the rest of you can go , if you have a mind to ! man * 1 , man * 2 and man * 3 draw gun from they coat -- boyle I ' 1l take that as a no ! sheehy and cornell retreat as -- man * 1 , man * 2 and man * 3 open fire -- boyle return fire with the Glock simultaneously -- everett open up with the AK - 47 , take everyone on the pier by surprise -- killing man * 1 and man * 2 instantly , they body drop with the impact of the bullet -- cornell duck down behind the pick - up truck . he draw one gun , then a second from a ankle holster -- sheehy race towards man * 3 on the ship -- boyle keep come -- ext . ship - night 89 sheehy jump aboard . man * 3 head for the wheelhouse . sheehy return fire -- sheehy let 's get the fuck out of here ! ext . pier - night 90 cornell be you kid I ?! this be better than Christmas ! he ready himself , then step out from behind the pick - up truck and open fire -- boyle return fire -- everett pause in he shoot -- ( continued ) shoot script october 9th 2009 104 . 94 ext . pier - night 94 boyle run and fire along the pier -- 95 ext . ship - night 95 sheehy return fire -- 96 ext . pier - night 96 everett jump up and run along the pier , still fire -- 97 ext . ship - night 97 a fusillade of bullet rake the ship -- sheehy and man * 3 ducking for cover -- 98 ext . pier - night 98 boyle reach the end of the pier and jump -- 99 ext . ship - night 99 landing on the deck , to then turn and fire upwards -—- shoot down man * 3 at the wheel -- sheehy emerge from cover and open fire on boyle -- boyle return fire -- 100 ext . pier - night 100 everett race for the ship , continue to fire -- 101 ext . ship - night 101 sheehy turn he gun on everett -- 102 ext . pier - night 102 hitting everett in the upper shoulder -- 103 ext . ship ~ night 103 boyle hit sheehy in the stomach -- 104 ext . pier - night 104 everett stagger back , but continue to fire -- 105 ext . ship - night 105 hitting can of petrol that explode in a massive fireball -- ( continued ) 105 106 107 108 109 shoot script october 9th 2009 105 . continued : 105 boyle and sheehy throw across the deck by the force of the explosion and disappear amid the flame . ext . pier - night 106 everett flinch at the force of the explosion . race along to the pier 's end . ext . ship - night 107 boyle look up to find the ship burn around he -- boyle 's Pov -- no trace of sheehy . boyle reload , get up and move cautiously along the gangway . ext . pier - night 108 everett stand impotently as the ship drift out to sea . everett Gerry ! int . cabin - night 109 sheehy be lie against a mound of pillow , on a bed cover in silk sheet . blood from he midriff stain the sheet . he raise he gun , sweat pour from he , and aim it at the two doorway -- sheehy 's Pov -- there be no movement at either doorway . he be so weak that he struggle against the weight of the gun . he lower it for a moment -- boyle dart in at the right -hand doorway and fire a single shot -- hitting sheehy in the upper shoulder , he gun drop from he hand -- overhead shot -- sheehy slump back , look up at he reflection in the mirrore ceiling . sheehy lucky shot . boyle keep he Glock aim at he . boyle ah now . do not be a sore loser . ( pause ) although I suppose it 's not every day you lose half a billion dollar . ( continued ) 109 continued : shoot script october 9th 2009 106 . 109 sheehy what be you on about ? boyle the cocaine . sheehy two hundred million it be . boyle they be always fuck overestimate . do not I know well . sheehy you do not know anything about any - thing . you be a stupid little man . boyle oh I think I do alright for meself . I do for you , sheehy . and you pal . sheehy who be up there fire that fuck cannon ? boyle the FBI lad . he probably have not have this much fun since they burnt all that kid at waco . sheehy look down at he wound . sheehy Fucking o’leary . boyle he be not the sharpest alright . and the englishman be not much better . you should have hire colombian , they be more reliable . a second explosion rock the ship -- boyle stagger slightly , but regains he balance -- sheehy look terrify -- boyle look round -- boyle 's Pov -- fire be lick the side of the cabin . boyle look at sheehy and grin . boyle bit of a predicament , hah ? sheehy if I be a dead man , so be you ! ( continued ) 109 110 111 shoot script october 9th 2009 107 . continued : 109 boyle oh I would not be too sure about that , now . I would not be too sure about that at all . sheehy I be not go to beg you to help I , if that 's what you be wait for ! I know how to die ! boyle good for you , sheehy . good for you . he laugh , then turn and face a wall of flame . he hesitates for just a moment , then summon he courage -- boyle I 's will see ye . he run and jump into the wall of flame , disappear . the flame now encircle the bed , where sheehy lie helpless . he scream . ext . pier - night 110 the ship be completely aflame . everett watch as it be draw out by the current . fade to black . ext . pier - day 111 fade in on everett stand at the end of the pier , look out onto the ocean , he arm in a sling . after a moment , he hear a noise and turn -- the photographer see earlier be kneel to take a shot of he . eugene and jasper look on also . everett you from the Press ? photographer oh God no . he blithely take the photograph , the bulb pop , and nod , pleased with the composition . photographer that 's a good one , now . moody . you can use it for the cover of you book . everett what book ? ( continued ) 111 shoot script october 9th 2009 108 . continued : 111 photographer ah , you yoke be always write book about you fuck '' experience '' . probably sell it to the movie , then . a fish-out -of - water story , hah ? lot of action , bit of humour , throw in a coupla young one get they kit off and you be well away . everett you would need a happy end to sell it . photographer a happy end ? sure do not you foil a multi-million - dollar drug-traffick operation and knock off a trio of drug baron to boot ? what 's unhappy about that ? everett we lose a good man . photographer oh I would not be too sure about that , now . everett what be you talk about ? photographer they never recover a body , now , do they ? everett they do not need a body to figure out he drown . no one could swim they way out of that . you have have to be ... he pause . a memory come back to he . eugene a really good swimmer , yeah . everett look at eugene 's hopeful little face . everett I be sorry , son , but that be bullshit . he be never in the Olympic . photographer maybe so . sure it 's easy enough to look up , anyways . he turn and stroll off . after a moment , eugene and jasper leave also . everett turn back . thinks . flash on -- boyle in the garda car . ( continued ) shoot script october 9th 2009 109 . 111 continued : 111 everett ( 0.s. ) you know , I can not tell if you be really motherfuck dumb , or if you be really motherfuck smart . boyle laugh . back on everett . he look out over the ocean . after a moment , he smile . the end