the time machine by John Logan February 22 , 2000 int . columbia university - lecture hall - day darkness . then a sound ... click -clack , click -clack , click-clack ... the familiar sound of chalk write on a blackboard . fade up to see ... a hand zoom across a blackboard at incredible speed , form a endless algebraic equation . amazingly , when the writer reach the end of the blackboard he do not lift the chalk and return to the leave side to begin a new line -- instead he simply loop around and continue write , right to leave , upside down . the college student in he class -- all male and dress in late victorian clothes -- smile at this familiar peculiarity and tilt they head to try and read the endless equation , copying furiously into notebook . the hand continue to zoom along the blackboard ... and then slow ... and then stop ... the student wait ... the hand tap the chalk on the blackboard for a moment and we finally see ... alexander hartdegen , a handsome young man not much older than he student , stand at the blackboard . he be gaze out a window , look at a bird on a tree branch . he smile . the student glance to one another . Alexander remember himself and turn back to the blackboard , he hand again fly as : alexander so -- length , width , breadth -- formulate the area and of course we arrive at solid mass . but imagine if we continue the equation as I have do -- can not we begin to recognize another dimension beyond the first three ? I theorize we begin to find duration -- the object 's place in time . let 's note that as " D " here ... Alexander reach the leave side of the blackboard and loop around again in a unbroken line to continue the equation from leave to right again . the student be hopelessly lose . they finally stop copying and just watch Alexander work , admire he brilliant innovation . meanwhile , a man watch from the back of the lecture hall . he be david philby , Alexander 's close friend , a bit older . alexander .. if we accept the theoretical possibility of duration as a fourth dimension we find that we equation might -- no , that 's not right -- he erase some number quickly with he hand , send up a cloud of chalk dust , he cough . alexander -- there , that look more like it ... he continue to scribble at lightning speed . then ... he begin hum to himself . the student watch , amused . philby smile . Alexander finally stop hum and write . step back and look at the equation . then he turn to he student . alexander do this make any sense to you ? the student be confuse . one offer : student Sir , if I may , would not it be easier if you apply a fibonacci sequence to the differential coefficient ? alexander ( smile ) it 's not suppose to be easy , it 's suppose to be beautiful ... all of you think about that tonight and we will press on tomorrow . good afternoon . the student begin to rise , class over . they leave the classroom talk eagerly about Alexander 's theory , inspire . a sudden new angle : from above we see Alexander go to philby , leave the classroom talk with he . we be in the upper balcony of the classroom . a solitary figure look down , watch they . this new figure be a thin man with pale skin , dry like parchment . somehow ominous . int . columbia - hallway - day Alexander walk with philby : alexander .. the point be I know it will work once the , um , number and such be in order . philby do you know you be hum ? alexander I be not . philby somewhere around " D + 2xy something something . " alexander damned if I can keep she out of my equation . philby tonight 's the night ? alexander ( check pocket watch ) God , and I be run late -- a prim woman appear before they : prim woman Dr. hartdegen , Dr. philby ... Dean fulton would like to see you . Alexander and philby exchange a look . gulp . they follow the prim woman . int . columbia - dean fultone office - day they follow the prim woman , Dean fulton 's secretary , into he dark , panele office . prim woman he 's outside . Alexander and philby move through the office and out to a garden courtyard ... ext . columbia - garden courtyard - day oddly , chicken be cluck about the courtyard . the thin man we see before , dean fulton , be casually toss down feed for the chicken . with he other hand he carry a umbrella to protect himself from the sun . he do not look up . dean fulton gentlemen , watch you step . Alexander and philby stop . Dean fulton look up and smile , benevolent . dean fulton my fowl have pollute the yard . philby Dean fulton ... Dean fulton continue to lazily scatter feed for he chicken . dean fulton Dr. philby , Dr. hartdegen . I receive the most extraordinary letter last week . from a parent . we be always pleased to receive letter from parent . they be we employer , after all . this gentleman 's son be in you class , Dr. hartdegen . alexander ( know what 's come ) I see . dean fulton as I recall the syllabus the name of you tutorial be " apply Mathematics and Engineering " , be I correct ? alexander exactly correct , sir . Dean fulton stop scatter feed and gaze at Alexander with a smile . this be a old game between they and they both rather enjoy it . to a point . dean fulton well , just as I think . surely it 's all be a terrible mistake . this parent actually suggest that you freshman course in apply mathematics have somehow become a seminar on theoretical physics ! alexander imagine that . dean fulton but I know that none of my faculty would ever deviate from the assign curriculum . alexander well ... perhaps I have " deviate " the tiniest bit . dean fulton might I ask why ? alexander because the assign curriculum be boring . philby groan very quietly . alexander Sir , that curriculum be forty year out of date . the student today be look toward the new century -- they want to be challenge and inspire , not spoon - feed dusty old equation that have be prove a thousand time . they want to explore . dean fulton do they ? Dean fulton smile and then begin to scatter feed again . Alexander Alexander dean fulton what be this animal , gentleman ? and philby exchange a look . philby um , you chicken , sir . helpfully offer : alexander and rooster . dean fulton no , Dr. hartdegen , they be not just chicken and rooster . they be science . perhaps they be not " inspiring " to you . perhaps they do not " challenge " you -- alexander no , sir -- dean fulton Animal husbandry be science , Dr. hartdegen . I have be breeding this fowl for fourteen year . I have fill a library with information on they feed pattern , social behavior and breeding . empirical , exact , quantifiable record . alexander Sir -- Dean fulton look up at he , he eye cold : dean fulton '' duration '' be not a dimension . scientist do not imagine the world around they . they do not wool - gather or cloud-spin . they prove . they demonstrate . Columbia University do not teach fantasy . philby shoot Alexander a warning look , but Alexander can not help himself : alexander with respect , sir , would we have the telegraph without fantasy ? would we have radium and x-ray without someone first dream we could ? dean fulton the advance you speak of be the result of countless year of study and empirical experimentation , a careful evolutionary process , not chalkboard parlor-trick . alexander my equation be not parlor-trick ! dean fulton abstract mathematics , relativity of dimension , geometrical " duration " - even allow for the use of speculation , what be the point ? alexander because it 's a new way of see the world ! of see we place in it ! philby Sir , if I may -- dean fulton ( with finality , to Alexander ) Young man , we have a way of do thing here . radical theorize be not acceptable . have I make myself understand ? alexander yes , sir . dean fulton very good . now if you will excuse we for a moment . Alexander go back into the office . philby if I might explain , sir -- dean fulton you support he application , Dr. philby . you be he senior , advisor . I depend upon you to restrain he ... excess . any repetition of the behavior I witness in he classroom today and there will be consequence for you both . philby yes , sir . dean fulton now you be upsetting my fowl . please go . philby extricate himself from a chicken peck at he shoe and go . alexander ( v.o. ) he 's a dinosaur . he 's already extinct , he just do not know it ... ext . streetcar - day Alexander and philby be in a open horse - draw streetcar , head downtown . everywhere around they , the massive city bustles . New York City at the end of the 19th century . it be vibrant to the point of frenzy ; reach for the future in a furious upheaval of construction . title : new york CITY - may 12 , 1895 - 5:17 p.m . alexander .. one day he will be discover by some future archeologist and they will not know what to make of he . the thick brow , so lack in imagination . the dim little eye , devoid of curiosity . Alexander identical Alexander philby you know generally teacher be suppose to teach real equation that add up to real number . alexander where 's the challenge in that ? philby Alex , this be you first year as a associate professor . you might want to play thing a little more conservatively . alexander you sound like my father ... point to the mass of grey businessman , all in bowler hat , march along the sidewalk : alexander look at they , philby , all alike , everyone in a identical bowler hat . do you want you student to turn out like they ? philby I want my student to emerge with theoretical and practical knowledge . alexander I do not . I want they to run along this street and knock off every bowler they see . philby you may not like it , but this be the world we live in , Alex . Little grey man with little grey hat . alexander but should not it be better ? should not we be teach we student to imagine a world beyond all this ? point to a new building go up , a complex spider 's web of steel girder . alexander look at that , philby . a steel frame building . ten year ago it be unheard of . no little grey man think of that . the new century belong to man who be willing to imagine the impossible ... they streetcar pass a few huddle beggar on the curb . the businessman ignore they . Alexander watch they , he eye sad . alexander ( quietly ) in the future , we will be better . philby what ? alexander nothing . ext . alexander's house - evening Alexander 's sprawling victorian house sit on a quiet street . there be a quaint shop right across the street . the shop feature a window show a female mannequin dress in period clothes . the sign above the shop : branson's apparel and haberdashery . Alexander and philby hurry into he house ... int . alexander's house - evening Alexander 's house be a lovely world of victorian elegance constantly at war with he erratic and creative enterprise . everywhere Alexander 's scientific passion be evident : animal skull rest alongside leather - bound tome ; mechanical invention in various state of completion rest atop heavy mahogany table ; test tube and microscope be spread out on a unused piano . the one facet that most immediately reflect Alexander be aural : the tick of score of clock ; a steady metronomic cadence . Alexander bound in , philby follow . alexander mrs . watchit ! mrs . watchit ! mrs . watchit , Alexander 's housekeeper , troops down the stair . she be a wry and commanding british woman in she 60' . mrs . watchit oh huzzah , the master 's home . alexander do you have it ?! mrs . watchit hello , Mr. philby . philby hello , Mrs. watchit . you be look in the pink . mrs . watchit must be all the exercise I get scamper up and down this stair like a wee lamb . alexander do not torture I -- do you have it ? mrs . watchit I have it , but do not you think for one moment I will be let you go out in that filthy coat -- now go upstairs and change . I have laid out you green coat . alexander what 's the matter with -- ? ( he note he be cover in chalk dust ) -- what would I do without you , Mrs. watchit ? he bound up the stair . phiby follow . mrs . watchit and change you tie ! she bustles off , grumble happily . int . alexander's bedroom - evening Charles darwin stare at we . impose . inspiring . challenge . a bust of darwin loom over Alexander 's bedroom . Alexander , in a new coat , be try to work a complicated knot in he tie . his eye study the problem in a mirror . alexander Emma actually like chalk dust -- say it smell like I . philby how romantic ... philby go to Alexander , help he with he tie . philby the most able inventor I know and you can not tie a simple four - in - hand . alexander that 's how I know we be destine to be together . when I meet she parent for the first time I come right from class and I be cover in chalk . they sniff and snort , but she just smile . at that moment -- I just know . how do you know with Molly ? philby she make the best shepherd 's pie I ever taste . alexander do you have a romantic bone in you body ? philby ( complete the tie ) no , I be all bowler hat , remember ? Alexander quickly go to he old coat and transfer he pocket watch , journal and many loose scrap of paper cover in equation to the new coat as : philby Alex , really ... good luck tonight . she 's a fine girl , and she 's do wonderful thing for you . alexander oh ? philby ( smile ) she 's get into you equation . Alexander stop , look at he . smile . alexander I guess she have . he glance at he pocket watch . alexander I have get to hurry ... he hurry out , philby follow ... int . alexander's house - stair - evening Alexander race down the stair , tucking the watch into he vest . they pass a series of clock of every size and shape that run down the wall along the stairway . philby all this clock -- how can you constantly be run late ?! alexander perseverance . int . alexander's house - entry hall - evening Mrs. watchit wait . Alexander and philby appear down the stair . mrs . watchit now that 's more like it . you look a proper gentleman for once . alexander then if Emma turn I down will you marry I ? mrs . watchit ( dry ) oh , I be already swoon . alexander ouch -- all right , wish I luck . he begin to sprint out the door -- Mrs. watchit stop he with : mrs . watchit you might be want this ? she hold up a velvet ring box . he take the box . alexander oh -- thanks . well ... ( a wink to philby ) .. time 's a wastin ' ! with that he be out the door . Mrs. watchit and philby stand for a moment , catch they breath after Alexander 's tornado of enthusiasm . philby I wonder if that poor girl have any idea what she 's in for ? mrs . watchit for we sake , I hope not . ext . fifth avenue - night the many luxurious horse - draw carriage glide along fifth Avenue with stately dignity . Rich pedestrian stroll along the sidewalk . Alexander leap out of a carriage and begin to stride toward a entrance to Central Park . he pass a flower seller . flower seller have some flower , sir ? alexander not tonight , thanks . he continue on toward the entrance to the Park -- stop . alexander no -- I promise she flower . he turn around and hurry back toward the flower seller . but ... a sudden mechanical clanking sound make he stop dead in he track . the sire 's song ... he turn ... pull over to the curb be a magnificent stanley steamer automobile . it be a glorious collection of bronze and copper and steel and wooden dashboard and leather upholstery and groan steam tank and clanking engine . Alexander stare , transfix . Alexander glance at he watch -- run late -- but he just can not resist this new marvel . Flowers forget , Alexander step to the motorist , currently tinkering with the car 's engine . alexander it 's spectacular ... motorist thanks . Old nell 's my girl all right . Al least when she decide to move , stubborn beast . alexander ( walk around the car , admire ) I have only read about they -- and the new internal . motorist now that 's what I call plain crazy -- internal combustion be just too dangerous , all that little explosion , never catch on . alexander how do you keep the water temperature stable ? motorist there 's a cantilever gasket on the -- suddenly -- the car lurch forward dangerously -- Alexander instantly grab the brake lever and haul it back -- the car screech to a stop . motorist God -- could have kill I -- bad girl , nell ! how do you know to do that ? alexander I just love mechanical thing . motorist well , much oblige -- I be always forget the confound brake -- say , if you wait until I get she up and run I will give you a perambulation . tell you all about she . alexander ( pain ) ahhh ... I be afraid I have get a prior commitment . motorist next time then . we perambulate here most every night . alexander you have my word ... ( he take a last , long look at the car ) .. she 's just a beauty . he sprint off into Central Park . ext . pavilion - central park - night a full moon shine in the night sky . Gentle period music from a band , glow lantern hang down and the sway shape of dancer . we be at a beautiful pavilion in Central Park . a magical antique set of ease and grace . White linen suit and straw boater . parasol and high -button shoe . a beautiful woman stand with she back to we watch the dancer ... she slowly turn ... emma smile . Alexander stand , just watch she , bewitch . then they come together and kiss lightly , as befit 1895 decency . emma you be late . alexander get here as soon as I could . emma dance with I ... alexander you know I can not . emma trust I ... she take he hand and they dance . she be a natural dancer , smooth and gentle . he do he best , follow she minute cue with great sensitivity . as they dance : emma you promise I flower . alexander what ? emma you promise I flower tonight , do not you even remember ? alexander sorry ... I be distract . emma ( lightly ) well there 's something new . alexander I need to ... um ... talk to you . emma talk away , Professor . alexander not here ... alone . May we ? please ? she lead he from the dance floor . emma let 's walk through the park ... ext . central park - path - night Alexander and Emma walk through the park , arm in arm , enjoy the exquisite night . flicker gaslight provide a dim illumination on the path they follow as it wind through the dark foliage . emma ( look at constellation ) .. orion 's belt , point to the earth . you see it over the rock there ? sailor consider that a omen of good fortune ; the hunter watch over they on they travel ... be you listen to I , Alex ? alexander ( glance up ) what ? yes -- orion -- good fortune -- sailor . emma all right , what be it now ? alexander ( nervously ) Emma , you know I have great ... admiration for you . emma admiration ? my my . alexander I mean ... well ... affection . emma you be get warmer . he stop . alexander oh dammit , I love you ! I can not eat , I can not sleep , I can not think , all I do be moon over you and -- hum , apparently . emma ( mock seriously ) and what do you propose , Professor ? shall we hold a seminar to study the problem ? a beat . he take a huge gulp of air and then commit himself -- he dramatically drop to one knee -- and then in a great rush of word : alexander marry I . I will do everything I can to make you happy and build a life and have baby and make you proud and be worthy of you and ... ah ... make you happy , do I say that ? she look down at he , tear of joy come to she eye . emma oh , Professor ... he leap up and embrace she . a long , joyous embrace . he stop -- alexander wait , I have something for you . he search through he many pocket -- coat , vest , pants -- begin pluck out the loose scrap of paper cover with equation -- but can not seem to find the jewelry box . she watch he for a moment , amused , loving he all the more for he befuddlement . emma you know , the moment be rather die here . alexander hold on ... I know I have it ... he finally find the velvet jewelry box . snap it open . Inside be a lovely moonstone ring . the gem be a pale , translucent blue mirrore the full moon above . alexander I know it 's not a diamond but -- emma a moonstone . alexander you birth stone . I think -- she hold a finger to he lip . emma you think right . he slip the ring on she finger . she hold it up to the moonlight , then ... deeply move . emma look , it match the moon ... a low voice from the thick tree next to they . Alexander the tree . pocket . voice I just might cry . and Emma turn to see a tall thin man step from his hand be bury deep in he overcoat thin man could not help but overhear . two fine young people start out on the road of life . I wish you the very best . alexander thank you ... thin man I hope it 's a happy journey for you both -- and much as I hate to do this , move as I be by you protestation of love , I will be need you money now . alexander ( smile ) Sir ...? thin man and you jewelry too . I guess we could consider this you first little bump on the road to marry bliss . alexander I do not understand . the thin man remove a hand from he pocket . he hold a small revolver . thin man now do not make a scene ... there 's no cause for that . just hand over you wallet , will you ? he hold the gun up , lethal , a sudden glint as the barrel shine in the moonlight . thin man do you hear I , lad ? alexander all right , all right -- here -- everything -- Alexander swiftly give the man he billfold . thin man and the watch . Alexander hand over he pocket watch as the thin man eye Emma 's ring . thin man and the ring . emma no -- thin man I be afraid so , darling . maybe he will buy you a diamond now . alexander please , not that -- look -- the thin man pull back the hammer of the revolver . click . thin man give I the ring . emma no ... the thin man suddenly lurch forward and grab Emma 's arm -- try to wrench the ring violently from she finger -- Alexander instantly spring to she defense -- a struggle -- the gun fire -- the flash of cruel , phosphorous light momentarily illuminate they all starkly -- Emma recoil to Alexander -- Alexander look at the thin man , disbely -- the thin man glare at he -- thin man why do you do that ?! it 's only a ring ! the thin man race away into the darkness . Alexander hold Emma , she cling to he , blood flow over he finger . he snatch she up and carry she -- run urgently through some tree to a carriage path beyond -- carriage fill with young lover float past . alexander help I ! please ! a empty carriage finally stop -- Alexander lurch into the carriage with Emma -- int . / ext . carriage - central park - night -- Alexander hold Emma in the back of a carriage . he urgently scream to the driver : alexander get to columbus hospital ! now ! the driver whip he horse and the carriage take off . alexander please hurry ! we've no time ! carriage driver i'm try sir -- ! Emma cling to Alexander , she hand clasped tight to he vest , blood flow out of she , pool . her die eye just watch he . alexander GOD hurry please -- just get out of the park -- and then the carriage slow -- stop -- Alexander stab he head out the window and see -- a long line of carriage ahead of they . a traffic jam . pair of lover enjoy the beautiful night , gaze up at the star . alexander oh God ... a distant bell begin to toll . time inexorably , cruelly move on . alexander please -- hurry ! the driver whip the horse -- try to maneuver the carriage through the traffic jam -- a jumble of horse -- they horse shy -- can not get through . Emma 's hand clutches Alexander 's vest , finger move slightly . the bell continue to toll . time run out . her lip move noiselessly , she eye stare up at he , praying for one parting glance . he continue to shout to the driver , fight time , not look at she : alexander ( desperate ) for GOD sake do something !! -- just -- get off the path ! carriage driver I be try , sir ! -- I can not get through ! Alexander glance down to Emma . she be dead . her eye open . he stare at she . not want to believe . the bell continue to toll . fade to Black ... and then a strange sound in the darkness ... the roar of a tiger -- distort , echoing ... then another sound ... click -clack , click -clack , click-clack ... chalk racing across a blackboard . title : four year later . fade up to ... int . alexander's house - lab - day a endless equation -- Alexander 's hand speed across a blackboard -- manic , ferocious . we pull back to reveal ... a enormous blackboard , floor to ceiling , two storey high , fill one wall -- and two other blackboard , fill two other wall , also cover with equation . a shocking flash of Alexander 's fevere mind . he stand with he back to we , perch high on a roll library ladder , he hand violently scrawling number in a frenzied rush . he pull the ladder along as he work , totally absorb . title : august 7 , 1899 - 5:23 p.m. the drape around the room be draw tight against any hint of the day outside . window seal . in the flicker gaslight we see a cacophony of scientific equipment and experiment fill every inch of the chamber below he , two storey fill with beaker and test tube ; microscope and coil ; engineering blueprint and gyroscope ; and the huge chalkboard crowded with layer upon layer of intense calculus and geometry and equation . there be another large part of the lab , jutting off from the house . a close curtain conceal this part of the lab . and all the clock have stop . the steady metronomic cadence that be the aural life of Alexander 's house be no more . we see a number of clock around the lab . all have be allow to run down . a knock at the door -- Alexander ignore it -- another knock . he finally turn from the blackboard . alexander what ?! and we see he -- Alexander be very different now : cadaverous and intense , a face that look as if it have not see the sun in year . and eye mark by tragedy . Mrs. watchit enter . the year of deal with he heartbreak have take a toll on she as well . mrs . watchit Sir , Mr. philby be here . alexander here ? mrs . watchit yes , sir , he -- alexander tell he to go away -- philby push past Mrs. watchit . he wear a overcoat and a bowler hat . philby I will not go away , Alex . Alexander stare down at philby . philby be shocked at the change in he friend . alexander all right , Mrs. watchit . you can go . mrs . watchit May I get you some -- alexander that will be all . she leave the lab . Alexander Alexander philby my God , Alex , what 's happen to you ? climb down the ladder as : alexander I have be work . philby I come by the house every day after the funeral . and then every week . then every other month . then I stop come . do you even notice ? alexander I be sorry , David . philby it hurt I , Alex . very much . alexander then why be you here ? proceed to obsessively tidy the lab , almost hide thing from philby . philby be increasingly disturb by this behavior , as : philby it 's my Jamie 's birthday today . you godson . he 's nine year old . at he party he ask I if uncle Alex be come . I tell he no . then he ask I if you do not like he anymore . alexander for God 's sake , David -- philby there be some thing I need to say to you . you may not like hearing they , but I do not know if I will ever get another chance -- alexander you care for I . and you be concerned . and I have to start live my life again . I hear it from Mrs. watchit every day . philby but you will not listen . you will not see I , you will not see anyone . what would you like I to tell Jamie ? that uncle Alex be busy ? that uncle Alex be hide up there in he laboratory -- alexander hiding ? philby you know that 's what it be . Mrs. watchit tell I you be here at all hour -- day and night -- alexander ( sharply ) that 's because I be work . you remember that ? you use to care about you work . philby I care more about my life . and yours . a difficult beat . Alexander philby Alex ... Alex , please stand still and look at I . stop . look at philby . philby ( gently ) what happen to Emma will never go away . it 's part of you now and it always will be . but you have to learn to live with it ... alexander I live with it every minute of every day . philby I know that -- alexander you do not know that . you could not possibly . if I would only do this , or that , if I would arrive ten minute earlier , or later . if we would take a different path or I have not fight the man for the ring . you have no idea what it be to relive every moment of that night -- consider every action you make -- and every one of they wrong . philby it be not you fault , Alex . alexander be not it ?... I have a dream almost every night now . the Lady and the Tiger , you remember that story ? in the dream I be alone in a huge chamber with a thousand door . behind every door , save one , be a tiger . I have to make the decision . which door conceal Emma ? and I just stand there . look at the door ... philby do you find she ? Alexander do not answer . a beat . philby Alex , nothing will ever change what happen , but -- alexander that 's where you be wrong . I will change it . a beat . philby look at he . Alexander offer nothing more , continue to scurry around the lab . alexander David ... I appreciate you concern , I do . but I ask you to have faith in I . just for a little while longer . I be work on something now . something ... extraordinary . philby what be it ? alexander you would not believe I . philby I would . alexander I will tell you what ... come by for dinner in a week and I will show you . philby why do not you come to we house instead ? alexander I can not do that -- philby when 's the last time you be outside this house -- ( note a dishevel cot in the corner ) -- or this room ? alexander ( tense ) I can not leave when I be so close . philby there be train leave Grand Central every then minute . a dozen liner leave the harbor . get on one of they . go to Singapore , Scotland , manchuria , anywhere , just away from here -- alexander that 's absurd -- a tense beat . a beat . philby you be die here . do not you see that ?! alexander you will not say that in a week . philby I pray to God that in a week you be not here . philby all right . I will come for dinner . and in the meantime ... you will think about what we discuss ? alexander in a week ... we will never have have this conversation . philby look at he , mystify and concerned . alexander good night , David . philby good night , Alex . philby turn to go . alexander still wear that bowler hat . philby stop . turn back . philby it 's raining outside . open the drape and you might know that . he go . Alexander stand for a moment . int . alexander's house - lab - night Alexander sit , drink a glass of brandy . he be stare at the curtain conceal the other part of the lab . we notice that all the chalkboard have be wipe clean . he drain the glass of brandy . bon voyage . then he rise and move to the curtain . he pull the curtain back and reveal ... the magnificent creation itself : the time Machine . we take in this beautiful creation of curving brass and thick velvet , elegant line and a hopeful feel of victorian futurism , as Alexander move to the window by the machine . he slowly pull back all the drape on the window . the time Machine sit in a area of the lab that jut off , like a greenhouse with window offer a generous view of the world around he : he quiet garden and the small dress shop across the street . Alexander move to the time Machine . he sit , nervously settling in . the brass control panel ahead of he have a simple display show the year and date -- august 7 , 1899 -- and a control lever that move forward and back . a beat . he take a deep breath and then ... reach for the control lever -- CUT to : ext . pavilion - central park - night all be as it be . Gentle period music from a band , glow lantern hang down and the sway shape of dancer . a beautiful woman stand with she back to we watch the dancer ... she slowly turn . Emma smile . Alexander stand , just watch she , he eye wide , incredibly move . we note that Alexander wear the clothes he be wear when he get into the time Machine . it be the older Alex , pale and thin . she go to he and kiss he . emma you be late . alexander ( with difficulty ) get here as soon as I could . emma dance with I ... alexander you know I can not . emma trust I ... she take he hand and they dance . she be , again , a natural dancer , smooth and gentle . he try to follow she minute cue but the experience of hold she in he arm again be almost too much for he . he be overcome with emotion . emma Alex , what be it ? alexander holding you ... again . emma darling . alexander I need ... to talk to you . emma all right ... alexander not here ... alone . please . she lead he from the dance floor . emma let 's walk through the park ... alexander no ... let 's walk through the city . emma ( a little mystify ) all right ... he take she hand and lead she away from the pavilion -- then he stop , see he must lead she through one of a number of tree -line path out of the park . the gape darkness of the park be strangely ominous . behind each door a tiger . emma Alex , what be it ? alexander nothing -- let 's just get out of the park . he take she arm and make he decision -- he pull she quickly down one of the path . ext . central park - path - night Alexander pull Emma toward a exit to the city , go as quickly as he can . his eye dart nervously into the dark tree around they . emma Alex ...?! alexander shhh . let 's just hurry on here . we do not have to talk , all right ? she stop , pull he . emma why do we have to race for heaven 's sake ?! alexander ( look around , alert ) I want to get into the light , that 's all . please ... he pull she along . emma this run along be all well for you -- you be not wear a corset . then a sound stop he -- a unholy echo through the night , torment he from he nightmare -- the roar of a tiger . alexander my God ... emma Alex , it 's just the zoo . he grab she and pull more quickly , a little desperate . alexander please , Emma , it 's just a little further . he hurry she along . they finally reach the exit and emerge from Central Park to fifth Avenue ... ext . fifth avenue - park exit - night he stop , look around , see lot of pedestrian and carriage and gaslight . Safety . Victory . he breathes deeply and smile . he offer she he arm . emma oh , now you be all gallant . she shake she head and then take he arm . they stroll . ext . fifth avenue - night abit later . Alexander and Emma make they way down this most magnificent of boulevard . he hold she arm tightly , as if in fear of lose she again . emma you be so pale ... I hope you be not come down with something . alexander no , I be fine . I be ... ( laugh ) .. wonderful . just walk down the street with you again . emma we take a walk three day ago . alexander not like this . never like this . Emma , I swear to you -- if I have learn one thing , it 's that moment like this be rare . and I will thank God for they every moment of every day . she be confuse at he strange intensity , but respects he seriousness . emma they be rare ... ( she glance up at the constellation above ) .. orion 's belt , point to the earth -- alexander ( smile ) the sailor 's omen of good fortune . the hunter watch over he on he travel . emma so it 's astronomy now , be it ? they be pass by the stanley steamer at the curb Alexander see earlier . the motorist be still tinkering with the engine . emma heavens , look at that now ! alexander I have see it . he continue escort she along . emma now I know you be ill -- pass up the chance to explore some new gadget . alexander it 's only a machine . she stop . genuinely concerned now . emma Alexander ... tell I what 's go on . be something wrong ? he look at she deeply : alexander no , Emma . everything be finally right . tonight we be go to start all over again . and this time ... I be never go to let you go . he kiss she deeply . she be shocked at this public display of affection , pull back slightly . emma Alex ... people be stare . alexander let they . he kiss she again . emma let they . alexander I have something for you ... he pat he pocket , feel the jewelry box , smile . then he note the flower seller he see before . alexander ( smile ) wait -- I want to do it right this time -- stay here , do not move ... Emma stand , mystify , as he go to the flower seller . flower seller have some flower , sir ? alexander yes , as many as you have ! a sudden sound make he spin back -- a frenzy of movement -- on the curb , the stanley steamer suddenly lurch forward -- the brake not set -- the motorist jump out of the way -- the steamer slam forward to the street full of horse - draw carriage -- a horse rear and bolt -- panic , scream -- the horse lurch to the curb -- toward Emma -- the carriage topple over -- bury Emma in a violent crash . Alexander race to Emma -- too late . a crowd begin to form . Alexander fold himself over she in wordless torment . int . alexander's house - lab - night Alexander sit in he lab , glaring at the time Machine . tormented . eye haunt . drink a glass of brandy . not he first . he glare at the time Machine , he fury building -- then he bolt up -- fling the brandy glass away from he -- it shatter -- stride across the lab -- throw himself into the Machine . alexander time heal all wound -- then let it ! he slam the control lever forward violently -- in fury -- a high -pitch whine -- building -- the world undulate around Alexander -- suddenly all the silent clock in Alexander 's lab begin to tick -- time TRAVEL Alexander 's spine immediately arch back -- he scream in pain -- the molecule of he body revolt as they be tear forward through time -- as time tear through he -- he whole body suffer as he bend and float and rip through time -- when he turn he head he whole face seem to elongate -- he 's go too fast -- he ease back on the control lever -- the pain recede somewhat -- and the world around he change -- the sun rise and then set and then rise ; in he garden snail zoom past flower that bloom and die in a instant ; apple grow ripe and then fall and decay in he garden ; a complicated spider 's web grow in a corner of he laboratory in second -- the sun and moon now shoot through the sky , a strobe- like flash of day and night , finally settling into a strange , perpetual grey light . he begin to control the lever a bit more -- it be sensitive to he touch -- soon he can glance around a bit without absolute agony -- and then with no pain at all -- in the window of the dress shop across the street he watch a female mannequin as she be redress , she clothes morph from style to style , a swirl of style and outfit . and new building spring up across the street as the season pass in a blur , summer - fall - winter - spring - summer - fall - winter -spring . his journey be accompany by a strange symphony -- sound bend around he ; voice , music , period radio news report , industry . sound that float and flit through he consciousness , distort , barely recognizable . and bizarre shape move through he world as well -- ghost like apparition -- strange and eerie as they bend and morph through space -- people . he can almost control the appearance of the people as he gently modulate he speed with the control lever -- he see Mrs. watchit bend through time -- philby , concerned -- then people he do not know , architect with blueprint , point -- then the world directly around he be change -- he lab change -- wall be tear down -- his lab be now a garage -- a series of swiftly morph car denote the pass time as year spin by on he control panel display in a dizzying blur : 1905 ... 1919 ... 1924 ... in the distance he see New York City expand -- the Chrysler Building ( 1930 ) and the Empire State Building ( 1931 ) shoot up . then the garage be tear down around he -- another construction go up -- larger -- a restaurant . he modulate the control lever -- control the ebb and flow of time -- the patron of the restaurant huddle around a radio , a news report , FDR 's voice ... " December 7 ... a day that will live in infamy ... " he note a store go up next to the dress shop : a newspaper shop -- see banner headline as the year sweep past -- d-day ! -- ve day ! -- vj day ! -- a enormous celebration in the street . the year spin by on he control panel : 1946 ... 1953 ... 1957 ... the strange aural symphony continue as he hear music and news , the music evolve from swing to early rock ... the restaurant dissolves around he and a house grow up -- he be in a de -- a black - and - white tv on -- Alexander gape -- slowly , slightly ... on the tv : JFK 's funeral ... in the de he see the shape of a family nestle together , watch the funeral , weep ... he press on . the year spin by on he control panel : 1963 ... 1966 ... 1969 ... on the new color tv in the de : news report of the Apollo 11 , Neil armstrong step on the moon ... " one small step for man ... " Alexander stare , amaze . the aural and visual symphony continue ... rock seguee to disco , Vietnam news ... he be shocked to see the mannequin in a miniskirt ! he see the dress shop become a department store and the newspaper store become a high tech electronics shop -- on a bank of tvs in the electronics shop window he see Nixon leave the White House for the last time , August 9 , 1974 , walk to the helicopter , the ferocious victory " V " ... then Alexander be suddenly outside as the house be demolish -- quickly erode around he -- he be in a vacant lot ... he be stunne to see the tower of the World Trade Center loom in the distance -- the rollerskater with boom box swirl past with the grace of ballet dancer -- and something so fantastical that Alexander can only gape ... a airplane soar above . the year zip by on he control panel : 1979 ... 1985 ... 1989 ... more disjoint sound and image , tv report and radio news and music : oil crisis , plop- plop-fizz- fizz - oh - what -a-relief it - be , Ronald Reagan , punk rock , Gulf War , Clinton ... then order from the chaos -- the overgrown vacant lot be landscape -- become a beautiful park ... he slow a bit , almost stop -- intrigue by a transformation across the street : the bank of tv screen be replace by a informational kiosk of some kind . the control panel display click more slowly ... February 2005 ... April 2005 ... May 2005 ... Alexander continue to stare at the information kiosk as he come to a stop , briefly , at : may 24 , 2005 ext . park ( 2005 ) - day Alexander sit unnotice in the time Machine as he watch a group of schoolchild and they teacher gather around the informational kiosk . it be a public information booth with a video screen show the word vox . a glow red blip within the " of " . the vox kiosk be activate when the teacher step in front of a sensor eye . vox kiosk ( v.0 . ) May I help you ? teacher yes , please ... tell we about the terraforming . the child watch , delighted , as image of the moon and renderings and video of some massive engineering project appear on the vox screen . vox kiosk ( v.0 . ) the joint United Nations / Microsoft terraforming operation begin nine month ago with the Moon base Alpha landing . after establish plymouth Center the terraformer begin colony construction . can I tell you more ? child what be they do now ? Alexander watch , stunne . a machine that converse with people . vox kiosk ( v.o. ) currently , the terraformer be prepare the first excavation demolition for the subterranean chamber . it be project that the first lunar colonist should be landing within the decade . can I tell you more ? Alexander gape at the vox kiosk . magnificent renderings of a vast underground metropolis . people live on the moon . he must see this grand adventure out . he press on ... time TRAVEL but almost immediately the time Machine be lurching and buffete -- a strange darkness spread over it as air raid siren scream -- Alexander be alarmed -- he begin to pull back on the control lever -- the date on the display click to : august 26 , 2007 . and Alexander and the time Machine suddenly topple over as the ground lurch below they -- ext . park ( 2007 ) - day Alexander look up from the grass ... right into the eye of a small albino alligator . the alligator blink at he and then slither off , a brood of other alligator with it . Alexander glance to the street -- see a enormous pack of rat emerge from a sewer drain -- a thick , undulate carpet of rat -- and Alexander feel the vibration . the earth , a steady rumble . his eye be draw to a small puddle of water near he . the water swirl around strangely and then -- whoosh -- form into a vortex and spiral away into the sky -- Alexander follow the water with he eye and finally see it ... the Moon . fill the sky as if it be fall toward the Earth . part of the moon be beginning to sheer off -- violently peel away like the skin of a onion -- as it impact the gravitational roche limit , 7,300 mile above the Earth . ( the moon be currently 230,000 mile above the Earth . ) the people on the street race around , tense and desperate , flow along the street and sidewalk . National Guard soldier be try to retain order , urgent voice into megaphone -- Alexander haul himself up -- and race into the mob -- ext . STREET ( 2007 ) - day he grab a man -- alexander what 's go on -- ?! the man pull away from he , terrify -- Alexander be bustle along the sidewalk in the mass of people -- he turn to a woman : alexander please tell I -- what 's happen ?! she ignore he -- he be buffete along in the mob of people -- then , a voice , remarkably calm in the chaos , a familiar voice : calm voice May I help you ?... May I help you ?... May I help you ?... Alexander push he way through the frenzy of people toward the voice . find himself at ... the front step of the fifth Avenue New York Public Library . the twin stone lion loom over the chaos on the street . the calm voice be come from another vox kiosk , a upgrade of the one he see previously . Alexander unintentionally activate the unit by step in front of a red sensor eye . vox kiosk ( v.0 . ) May I help you ? alexander I -- what be you ?! vox kiosk ( v.o. ) I be the fifth Avenue Public Library informational kiosk . vox registration NY - 114 . May I help you ? alexander what 's happen to the moon ?! informational video appear on the screen , show the cause and horror of the moon 's fall , as : vox kiosk ( v.o. ) the 2005 terraforming demolition for the lunar excavation send the moon into a diminish retrograde orbit result in global gravitational fluctuation , increase seismic activity and tidal anomaly . can I tell you more ? alexander no -- wait -- the moon 's fall out of orbit -- that 's not possible ! vox kiosk ( v.o. ) well , consider it be , in fact , happen , I would assume it 's possible . the retrograde orbit begin in 2005 when the demolition for the lunar colony -- alexander why be it -- break up ? vox kiosk ( v.o. ) I be get to that ... the moon have reach the gravitational roche limit , 7,300 mile above the surface of the Earth . this have create pressure on the lunar stratum beyond gravitational tolerance . it might be helpful to know that the nearest public evacuation shelter can be find at Grand Central Station , madison Square Garden -- then -- behind Alexander -- the entire street explode up -- the asphalt twist crazily -- people toss through the air -- and Hell have come to earth . the earth begin to shake and quake and undulate violently -- as if gravity itself be rebel . above -- a huge part of the moon break away -- Alexander gape around -- horrify to see violent seismic and gravitational upheaval -- the tectonic plate shifting wildly , jutting up at harsh angle -- the East River swirl into a twist cyclone of water spiraling into the sky -- and most shocking of all : a volcanic mountain bursting up through Manhattan . a National Guard soldier race to he -- soldier Underground -- we have to -- ! his word be drown out by a deafening blast -- the reverberation send SHOCK wave down the street -- people be throw through the air , blood stream from some puncture eardrum -- in the distance , the volcano be erupting -- the soldier hustle a mass of people toward a subway entrance -- they scurry down -- Alexander spin around and race back , towards the time Machine . as the vox kiosk continue its lonely chore : vox kiosk ( v.0 . ) May I help you ?... May I help you ? ext . STREET ( 2007 ) - day Alexander sprint down the street , pass horrific flash of the end : -- looter , lighting fire and take nihilistic joy in they useless treasure ... -- a family , kneel in prayer , hold hand ... -- doomsday cultist , celebrate the end . a macabre dance of death as the city die ... -- a man stand quite calmly , try to use he cell phone ... -- a taxi try to drive through the mayhem , desperate people attack the taxi , try to get in , try to get away ... then -- the earth heave violently and Alexander be throw to the ground -- in the distance , but much closer , another volcano blast up -- thrusting through the earth -- ripping aside the Empire State Building and most of midtown Manhattan -- Alexander barely have time to pull himself to he foot before it happen again -- the thunderous explosion -- the cascade SHOCK wave -- Alexander be hurl through the air -- he smashes into a park car , shatter the windshield -- he roll off the car , he coat shred , a gape wound in he side -- as the new , closer volcano erupt in a torrent of spew lava -- great river and explosion of lava everywhere -- jets of lava shoot through the air -- incinerate everything in sight -- gasp through he pain , Alexander rise and hurry down the street -- he toss off he shred coat -- he injury slow he , but he go as quickly as he can -- but a vast tidal wave of lava be careen after he -- burn everything -- and then he see it ... the park ... the time Machine . it be a race against time as Alexander sprint for the time Machine -- the lava closer and closer -- Alexander leap to the time Machine and haul it to its upright position -- the lava be almost on he -- he dive into the time Machine and slam the lever forward -- a high -pitch whine -- building -- the world undulate around Alexander -- just as the tidal wave of lava roar over he -- time TRAVEL Alexander lurch back in agony -- quickly slow the time Machine 's momentum -- he pants for breath as the red , molten lava glow and then quickly cool into -- darkness . the eerie blue glow from the time Machine 's control panel be the only light . Alexander be now inside a mountain , the perfect sphere of time - energy around the Machine he only salvation . he push the lever forward more -- the year spin by on he control panel in a blur -- he grit he tooth in pain -- the rapid bend through time assault he -- time pass ... Alexander be have real trouble breathe now -- the year continue to spin past on he control panel in a dizzying blur . time pass ... Alexander be in agony -- he body writhes from the assault of time -- every movement be torture -- he skin vibrate and stretch bizarrely -- and he be almost out of air , panting for breath -- he take one last deep gasp of air -- and hold the breath -- the second tick away -- the year shoot past on he control panel , truly a race against time -- he 's not go to make it -- he can not hold he breath a second longer -- suddenly -- a flash of blind sunlight -- the mountain around the time Machine begin to erode -- quickly wear away -- Alexander immediately pull back on the control lever -- reduce he momentum and the assault on he body -- he take a deep , gasp breath -- the date on the display quickly click forward and finally stop at : JULY 12 , 802,701 . Alexander look at the date , stunne , gasp for breath , fainting ... fade to black ... int . house - vision - day / night vision as Alexander fade in and out of consciousness . -- night. candle ... -- night . Emma 's face ... close , concerned ... a beautiful angel welcoming he to death ... no , not Emma ... another woman . -- Day . hand , dress the wound on he side . tender ... -- Day . a room . in a pleasant , rustic house ... -- night . the woman again . not Emma . but close , concerned ... int . mara and kalen' house - sunset Alexander awake . look around . a simple room in a simple house . he see he wound have be dress and care for . he slowly rise and pull on he shirt and vest . go to the door of the house ... ext . eloi village - sunset Alexander emerge from the house ... and find himself in a village build around a large central square . all the building be unadorn and design with architectural simplicity . it have a agrarian and peaceful feel . and it be totally desert . the entire village be enclose by a great , wooden wall . large gate open to the world beyond . everywhere beyond this barricade be lovely mountainous and forest scenery . Alexander wander to the square . alexander hello ...? nothing . his word echoe around the eerily empty village . he note that several table be wait in the square . set for dinner . plates and cup and utensil . no food . alexander be anyone here ...? again . nothing . he go to the open gate and step out ... ext . outside the eloi village - sunset a path lead away from the village , cut through a magnificent forest with lush foliage . he begin to follow the path -- then stop when a curious squirrel scamper onto the path . the squirrel look at he , large eye , tilting inquisitive head . Alexander smile at see something so familiar in this strange time . alexander hello ... the startle squirrel turn and scamper away -- and Alexander be shocked to see a flash of vermillion scale on its back . not a squirrel at all . Alexander continue on for a bit . most of the lush vegetation be alien to he : enormous fruit hang on colorful vine ; gentle petal and dandelion - like wisp that float on the breeze . it be a untamed wilderness explode with verdant beauty . and then he hear something ... voice . he stop , alert . then he see figure , head up the path towards he . and Alexander see the eloi . about two hundred of they be trooping up the path . they be completely human-looking . very healthy . simple clothing , not unlike what Alexander be wear . and not one be over the age of 30 . Alexander brace himself , not sure what to expect . the eloi see he ... and go to he enthusiastically . Alexander instinctively step back . no need . the beautiful woman who be tend he wound , mara , be first to he . mara you be up ! you must be feel better -- alexander yes ... more eloi crowd around he , all very friendly . a slightly older eloi , late 20' , korus , step to he . korus . and hungry , I would say . you have such a long journey . alexander I do ... korus . well , we be happy you be here . come inside . mara we want to hear all about it . korus and mara lead Alexander back toward the village . kalen , mara 's nine - year-old son , grab Alexander 's hand . Alexander be surprised . the eloi be seemingly a bit more tactile than we be . kalen how do you get hurt ? mara kalen ... kalen ( eagerly ) I find you . I save you life . you be bleed all over the place ! mara that 's quite enough , kalen . korus clap a arm around Alexander 's shoulder enthusiastically , Alexander rock from the hearty embrace . korus let the poor man eat first , then he can tell we the whole story ! he lead the befuddle Alexander back toward the village . ext . eloi village - night the gate to the village be now securely lock , a heavy crossbar in place . Alexander and the eloi be eat dinner , the table now full of fruit and vegetable . brazier burn around the central square . everyone strain to see and hear Alexander . mara watch he particularly closely from across the table , she cautious eye never leave he . alexander " eloi " ? korus . what be you people call ? alexander well , I guess you would call we ... New yorker . korus . ( savore the word ) New yorker . mara how long do you travel ? alexander well it seem like a long time -- but it be not really . it 's rather hard to explain . kalen it must have be hard , leave you work . alexander the journey be part of my work . korus . you can work with we as soon as you be feel better ... look like a climber to I . the eloi agree . definitely a " climber . " korus we have another visitor from beyond the valley about four year ago . his name be moren . do you know he ? alexander no ... korus . he say he travel for two month . alexander I take a different route . kalen what do you do at night ? mara ( a bit quickly ) what 's it like where you come from ? alexander oh , very different . but not entirely ... I mean we have lot of , um , tree and such . but not everywhere . and more road . and building . korus why ? alexander to live in . there 's a lot of we ... beyond the valley . korus . New yorker . alexander yes . I hope you will not take this the wrong way but be there someone older I could talk to ? a elder or patriarch of some kind ? the eloi look at he a little oddly . korus . I be the oldest . alexander no , I mean someone considerably older . you father perhaps ? korus my father have go to a better place . alexander I be sorry , I do not mean to ... korus of course . you be just tired . mara , will you look after Alexander tonight ? mara yes . alexander thank you . korus ( stand , toast ) Friends , join I in welcoming we brother from beyond the valley , Alexander . the eloi stand and toast . applause and good fellowship . before Alexander can open he mouth to respond the eloi be clear the table . a bit abruptly . mara and kalen go to Alexander , they head back to they house . kalen now how do you get hurt ? alexander I have a accident . kalen I figure that . what kind of accident ? mara kalen , do not be morbid . kalen grab Alexander 's hand and pull he along . kalen what do you do on the tower ? alexander on the tower ? kalen I be training to be a high climber . mara we will see about that . kalen iam . be you a climber ? alexander ah ... no . kalen do not tell I you be a mud carrier . alexander 'rraid so . just a regular old ... mud carrier . kalen be disappointed . mara that 's all right , kalen ... ( a wry glance to Alexander ) .. mud carrier be important too . they continue on toward they house . int . mara and kalen' house - night Alexander sit with kalen and mara . the boy 's eye alive with wonder . alexander thousands and thousand of people . and sometimes we live in great building that reach up five or ten storey . kalen and everyone look like we ? alexander exactly like you . well , maybe not as healthy . mara be there a lot of illness ? alexander some . but I mean we be not all so ... handsome . kalen I want to see you home . will you take I ? mara kalen , right now you need to go up to bed . you be exhaust Alexander . kalen you will tell I more tomorrow ? alexander I will . good night . kalen kiss he mother and then kiss Alexander . he go up the stair , disappear to another part of the house . alexander his curiosity be amazing . mara mm. a beat . mara gaze at Alexander . mara come to the roof . we can talk there . ext . mara and kalen' house - roof - night Alexander and mara emerge from a stairway to the flat roof of the house . Alexander stop , look up ... the moon -- or what 's leave of the moon -- shine in the night . oddly shape shard be spread out in uneven interval . it be bizarrely beautiful . alexander my God ... mara note he reaction as she sit at the edge of the roof by a large brazier . she light a fire in the brazier as : mara sit with I . he go to she and sit . he notice that other eloi be also sit on they roof all around the village , brazier burn like campfire through the night . mara kalen will tire you out if you let he . he 's always be curious . his father be firm with he but ... it 's just he way . alexander you husband be dead ? mara he 's go to a better place . he look over the peaceful night . alexander it 's hard for I to imagine a better place . where I come from there 's so much ... frenzy . Day and night . it seem we be all run faster and faster ... ( he smile ) .. all in identical bowler hat . mara you be not from beyond the valley . alexander what make you say that ? she reach into she clothing and pull out he pocket watch . she hold it up . mara we do not have anything like this . or the machine where kalen find you . and I doubt they do beyond the valley ... now where do you come from ? alexander you might find the truth rather hard to understand . mara ( dry ) then you can speak slowly . he smile . Fair enough . alexander all right ... I be from here . around here anyway . the machine where you find I allow I to travel through time ... I be from the past . she look at he . mara oh , that explain everything . alexander I know it 's hard to believe , but it 's true . mara that machine -- alexander allow I to travel from my time to yours . mara how long ago ? alexander more than 800,000 year . she look at he . she look at he pocket watch . then back at he . mara why ? alexander why not ? mara why would you do that ? Alexander do not respond . mara I might find the truth rather hard to understand ?... can you go back ? alexander yes . or forward into the future . I suppose I really should check on the machine , see that it have not be damage ... mara I will take you tomorrow ... you must have see a lot on you journey . alexander for a time it be astounding . I see the year spin by , I be in the year spin by . we make such advance . I do not understand half of they . there be a machine that talk to I and other that fly through the sky ... we must have be incredible thinker and artist -- a sudden scream cut through the night -- kalen -- mara bolt up , race down into the house , Alexander follow -- int . kalen be room - night kalen be sit up in bed , eye wide , scream -- mara run to he , hold he closely -- Alexander stand in the doorway . mara kalen , it 's all right , I be here -- kalen ( terror ) they be here ! they be inside the house -- ! mara no , you be safe -- kalen they be inside -- mara ( calming ) kalen , look at I . there 's no one here but we . you see I be here , you be here , Alexander 's here . there be no morlock . it be just a dream ... she hold he closely , he be weep uncontrollably . mara you be safe ... Alexander move away , allow they they privacy . ext . mara and kalen' house - roof - night Alexander sit , look over the night . he note that most of the eloi have go in , but , oddly , they fire still burn on the rooftop . he glance up at the star , gaze at the dazzle mosaic of beautiful light . mara' voice he 's asleep . Alexander turn . mara be stand at the entrance to the roof . alexander be he all right ? mara just a dream . you should sleep too . you be still not well . a beat . a beat . a beat . a beat . mara I be go to sit with kalen . keep the fire burn if you can . alexander I will ... she do not move . mara I will take you to you machine tomorrow . alexander thank you ... she do not move . mara you seem fascinate by the star . alexander you can see so many here . mara ( smile ) do not then have star where you come from ? alexander not like this ... they do not seem so bright with all the city light . I never really notice they much ... he be on the verge of ask she to join he in enjoy the night . mara good night , then . she turn to go ... she stop . alexander good night . alexander mara ... what 's a " morlock " ? mara a child 's nightmare , that 's all . she go into the house . he sit for a moment , look over the beautiful night . he glance up at the shard of the moon . o brave New World ... ext . dreamscape - day / sunset we be move through the eloi world . through lush jungle and glade and forest . everywhere around we there be fascinating geological and botanical wonder to behold ... bucolic and beautiful . idyllic ... and then the landscape be more mountainous , rock and the beginning of a splendid desert ... the sun be set ... the desert sand burn red in the sunset ... still beautiful ... and then a shape appear in the distance -- we sweep toward it -- it be hulk -- predatory -- terrifying -- sparkling red as if the set sun be reflect from shin metal -- int . mara and kalen' house - day -- Alexander bolt awake . unsettle by the dream . ext . forest path - hill - day Alexander and mara be make they way up a ascend path through the forest with the rest of the eloi . kalen be ahead of they with some other child . korus come to they : korus good morning , Alexander . feeling up to some work ? alexander I suppose so . mara I be go to take he to where kalen find he first . korus . and then you will join we ? mara yes . korus . good . we will see you later then . he move ahead , walk briskly . excite about a day of work . alexander mara , I have a strange dream last night . I be here , walk through a forest very much like this , and then ... mara then you come to a desert and mountain ... alexander yes . mara and you see a shape ahead of you ... alexander yes ! mara we all have that dream . alexander all of you ? mara every night . alexander you share dream ? that 's incredible . mara we share everything . he slow , look ahead , amaze . in the distance , just over the crest of the hill he see a strange point , like the top of a high steeple , jutting up to the sky . they approach the crest of the hill ... ext . hilltop - day Alexander stand , utterly staggered , look down into a valley . and he see ... a city ... not exactly ... 's sculpture ... no ... imagine monument Valley . man-made . twist spire and tower and monolith shoot up for a hundred foot , swirl multicolor construction of sand and stone . they be mammoth creation that bend and twist and soar , fill the valley . there be a bizarre sort of architectural order to the creation , yet it be also inspire and mad and emotional . mara we work . they begin to descend into the valley with the rest of the eloi . ext . valley - eloi creation - day among the tower now , Alexander see the fabulous detail to the construction . they be beautiful , soar combination of mud and stone sculpture ; fabric and wood ; sand and flower . it be ethereal pyramid building : primitive creation of stun artistic courage and clarity . already the eloi be busy . like a race of master builder , they climb wooden scaffoldings and scale rope -- swarm busily around the tower like insect -- unify in they task of amazing artistic creation . Alexander and mara move through the tower . alexander this be magnificent ... mara thank you . alexander and this be you " work " ? mara yes . they pass some eloi carry mud from a nearby river to the tower . mara ( dry ) the mud carrier . alexander I can see kalen 's point . mara want to be a high climber now , do you ? alexander what you need be a engineer . if you set up a system of pulley and counterweight , some basic block and tackle mechanism , you could to this a lot more easily . mara it 's not suppose to be easy , it 's suppose to be beautiful . alexander what 's it all for ? mara I do not understand . alexander I mean , why do you do it ? what purpose do it serve ? mara it have no purpose . it 's just beautiful ... do everything have a purpose where you come from ? alexander most thing . we be very high on purpose . mara it 's always be this way here . we work on the tower all we life . when we be young we train to be planner or climber or sculptor ... alexander or mud carrier . mara and there 's no shame to that . it 's all the same here . everyone have a important job to do . we all work together and could not survive without each other . alexander what be you ? mara I 'ma planner . I help decide where the new tower go and what they should look like . alexander how do you decide ? mara I try to imagine how they will look when they be do . I try to imagine how we will fit in with they ... we place in the world . Alexander be impressed with she quiet word , own creative passion . he stop , take in the communal activity eve he for a moment . enjoy the warm sunshine surroundings . paradise . he continue to gaze at the tower , smile . he , almost on the verge of say something . against it . mara we should go if you want to see you machine . they continue on . ext . field - near sunset the first star be beginning to shine in the so much like he rywhere around and peaceful mara look at she decide night sky as Alexander and mara make they way across a open field . alexander .. it be a great city . the great city in the world . mara you like it there . alexander oh , very much ... ( he point ) .. I use to work somewhere in that direction , I think . a huge university where we teach everything from botany to history to literature . mara learn be important ? alexander oh very . learn , commerce , the art -- the whole place be buzzing all the time . night and day . mara do you have fire at night ? alexander only to keep warm . for illumination we have gaslight on most of the street and a new invention call electrical lighting that make it seem like daylight all through the night . mara it must have be safe . alexander oh , it be ... ( beat ) .. most of the time . mara it sound like a wonderful place to live . alexander look back ... I suppose it be . I do not quite realize it at the time but ... Alexander stop , freeze . stare up . mara Alexander ...? alexander ( quietly ) orion 's belt ... the constellation gleam in the sky . the string of three star point to the earth . exactly as it be on the night Emma die . Alexander look around , amaze , get he bearing : alexander that rock , over there ... they be the same ... this be ... Central Park . mara you know this ? alexander over there be fifth Avenue -- and the Plaza Hotel be there ... this be ... the carriage path . we be on the carriage path . a stun realization for Alexander . the star and rock formation confirm he thought . alexander the whole world be different . but this never change ... a long beat as he look around , he eye full of pain . a beat . alexander this be where my journey start ... right here . mara you lose someone . alexander yes . mara someone you love very much . alexander yes ... after she death , it be intolerable for I here ... the future have to be better . mara be it ? alexander if you only know ... he look at she deeply . alexander you have welcome I into you home . into you life . everyone have ... for the first time in a long time it do not hurt quite so much . I thank you for that . mara I know what it be to lose someone . when my husband be take from we ... I think the pain would never end . she gently touch he face . a beat . she mara but time help . she break the moment , turn : mara now let 's see this amazing machine of yours . move off . he take one final glance at orion 's belt , and then follow . one of the squirrel - like creature scamper after they and then stop -- and something bizarre happen -- the squirrel 's jaw distend unnaturally -- and it vomit forth a eyeball -- the human-looking eyeball oscillate on a thick mechanical tendril . watch Alexander and mara . spy . ext . jungle - sunset the time Machine await . it sit at the edge of some thick jungle foliage . Alexander go to it . mara follow . he circle the machine , check it . alexander good -- it look fine . we have quite a ride together ... mara it 's undamage ? alexander yes ... a little scorching on the upholstery but otherwise all ship - shape . mara so you can use it now ? alexander yes ... I suppose so . mara go back to you own time ? alexander I could ... suddenly , she be a different person -- she take he arm firmly , she eye burn into he : mara ( urgently ) Alexander , take my son away . take he back to you time . will you do that ? alexander mara -- mara please , I beg you . take he away from here -- and then ... a mournful wail stab through the night . a distant horn . mara freeze . her eye wide in horror . mara kalen ... alexander mara ...? mara no ! she turn and bolt , racing away from he . alexander mara !? he run after she -- leave the time Machine behind -- alexander wait -- tell I -- ! then a frenzy of movement draw he attention back to the time Machine for a moment -- he just see the time Machine as it be dragge away -- amazingly quickly -- something violently haul it into the darkness of the jungle in a instant -- the jungle swallow it up -- Alexander slam to a stop -- amaze -- and then turn to follow mara -- ext . forest - sunset Alexander and mara race through the deep forest -- she be run flat out -- he struggle to keep up -- alexander mara -- what -- ?! mara kalen -- we have to get kalen -- ! a building thunder in the forest behind they -- something approach -- a crash cacophony of something thrashing quickly through the tree -- closer and closer -- the earth vibrate , something pound after they -- another horn call , closer -- Dark shape sweeping through the forest behind they -- ext . valley - eloi creation - sunset Alexander and mara speed into the valley from the darkness of the forest -- the eloi ahead of they be just stand . wait . a terrible moment of stasis , terror in they eye . the world coiled . mara kalen -- ! a explosion of horror as the morlocks appear -- they erupt from the dark forest into the valley -- the morlock be horrible , muscular creature with unnaturally long and distend jaw and ferocious , huge claw like that of a mole -- and they ride horribly mutate horse and let out ferocious , animal roar . about twenty mount morlock sweep into the valley -- the eloi scatter in terror . it be a hunt . the eloi race in panic , so utterly unlike the beatific calm of the rest of they life -- and everywhere the morlock pursue -- weaving in and out of the eloi tower and swinging heavy net -- capture eloi and drag they away -- the eloi scramble desperately to protect they child -- the morlock be brutal -- great claw slamm eloi aside or snatching they up -- net swinging -- the eloi never really resist -- once they be capture they allow the morlock to pull they away -- by now the sun be fully set and it be a unearthly spectacle in the blood red dusk , make even more bizarre by the glow red eye of the morlock -- mara and Alexander race through the mammoth construction . mara kalen ! -- kalen ! everywhere around they the morlock be netting eloi and drag they away -- but it be not random . the morlock seem to target particular eloi . a morlock spin on he horse , he glow red eye fasten on mara . he spur he horse and gallop toward mara and Alexander . Alexander see the morlock pursue -- alexander this way ! he pull mara towards one of the tower -- the morlock gallop toward they -- swinging he net -- the net trap mara -- Alexander spin around and grab the net -- he yank at it violently and pull the morlock from he horse -- the morlock slam to the ground -- the horse bolt off -- the morlock snarl and slashes at Alexander quickly and then , to he absolute shock , the morlock dive into the earth -- he tunnel away with he huge claw in a frenzy of movement -- disappear into the ground -- Alexander pull mara from the net and haul she up -- he pull she to one of the tower and begin climb , haul she after he , away from the morlock -- another morlock fasten he crimson eye on mara , gallop toward they -- swing he net up -- can not reach they . he glare up at Alexander and mara and then snap open he huge jaw , screeching in frustration -- then the morlock below vault from he horse and scale up the tower after Alexander and mara -- he climb very quickly , he great jaw snap -- they scramble to keep above he , desperately climb -- the morlock be almost on they when -- they see kalen -- lose amidst the panic below -- the morlock horse pound around he -- a frenzy of horror -- alexander kalen ! -- ( to mara ) -- go get he -- ! Alexander instantly leap down on the morlock pursing they -- allow mara to scale down after kalen -- the morlock grapples with Alexander briefly -- essentially toss he aside -- Alexander fall and then land hard on a scaffold below -- as mara leap down and begin racing through the chaos for kalen -- the morlock on the tower spin around and scale down after she quickly -- but Alexander see that mara be almost to kalen -- when suddenly the ground erupt directly before mara -- a morlock burst up from the hole and leap on mara like a lion on a gazelle -- he grab she with he great claw -- Alexander watch , impotent -- as the morlock drag mara down the hole , amazingly quickly -- then from the forest -- another blast of the horn . and everything abruptly stop . the morlock instantly stop pursue -- the eloi stop run . a freeze moment and then ... the horn call end . the morlock spin they horse and gallop into the dark forest , disappear with they prey . the eloi look around , slightly daze , they panic end as if someone flip a switch . Alexander see kalen 's face . it be too painful . Alexander close he eye . ext . eloi village - night Alexander stand , frustrated , with korus and a few eloi . brazier burn around the village . alexander where do they take they ?! korus . we do not know . alexander we have to go after they , find where -- ! korus . Alexander , I know you be try to help . but they do not come back . alexander what do you mean ?! korus they have go to a better place . alexander you know that 's not true . korus . we choose to believe it . alexander my God ! how can you just do nothing !? they be you friend , you family . you all know mara . you eat with she and work with she ... you work in the valley , what be that for if not to -- eloi man to find we place in the world and -- alexander no -- it 's more than that . when you create something you say to the world : I be here . I mean something . how can you just let that be take away from you ?! korus . this be out life , Alexander . it 's a hard life but it be how we have always live . alexander then it 's time to change that -- korus . ( firm ) we be what we be . a tense beat . alexander you will not even try ? korus . we can not change the day and the night , Alexander . this be the world . Alexander see kalen stand at the door to he house . alexander why do not you try tell he that ? he stride off toward kalen . int . mara and kalen' house - night Alexander sit across from kalen . silence . kalen go to he . sit next to he . strangely comforting . kalen this be how thing happen . it happen to my father . my mother say if we remember he every day he will always be here and we will feel better . a beat . kalen I remember he before I go to sleep . we build a table once . I remember that . he lean he head on Alexander 's shoulder . both remember . ext . dreamscape - sunset more of the share eloi dream we see before ... we be move through the desert ... the sun be set ... the desert sand burn red in the sunset ... and then a shape appear in the distance -- we sweep forward -- it be hulk -- predatory -- sparkling red as if the set sun be reflect from shine metal -- glow red -- a great bird of prey -- blaze in the sunset now -- enormous coiled shoulder -- sharp talon -- strangely metallic -- then the huge head lunge forward -- the curve beak snap open -- devour we -- int . mara and kalen' house - day Alexander bolt awake -- sweat -- terrify . int . mara and kalen' house - later Alexander stand at the doorway , watch the eloi troop off to work . kalen' voice you be think about she ... Alexander turn , kalen be stand in the room . alexander yes . kalen go to he . kalen she do not want I to be a climber . she want I to be a planner like she . alexander I be so sorry , kalen . they watch the eloi troop off to work for a moment . alexander how can they just go back to work as if nothing happen ? kalen what else can they do ? alexander kalen ... do you have any idea where they take they ? kalen we be not suppose to think about it . but I dream about it sometimes ... kalen be deep in think . he finally come out with it hesitant . kalen there 's a place that might help ... we could try go there . alexander where ? kalen the Hall of book . alexander you have book ?! kalen , you have get to take I there . there might be history . record . something to help we find where the morlock take -- kalen I should not have mention it . we can not go there . kalen why ? kalen look at he . deadly serious . kalen because it 's haunt . ext . jungle - day Alexander and kalen be make they way through a dense jungle path , long overgrown . kalen no one ever come here . my mother tell I storey about it late at night . they tell all the child . alexander what kind of storey ? kalen about the voice in the darkness . about the ghost ... they push through some tangle vine . a gape tunnel open into the earth ahead of they . they stop . kalen consider the dark open . he bravely steel himself . kalen climber should go first . then he continue on , Alexander follow . they begin to go down into the tunnel , push aside overgrown vine and foliage . no one have be this way for a great many year . int . tunnel - day they descend the dank tunnel . here and there shaft of sunlight shoot down from hole above . kalen I have a friend who come here once . sort of a dare . alexander what happen ? kalen he come back scream ... he never talk about it after that . I do not think he even get this far . not even notice , they pass by a impose figure bury deep in the sediment of the tunnel wall . a stone lion , its great head just protrude from the rock . it be one of the lion from the entrance to the fifth Avenue New York City Public Library . int . reading room - day Alexander and kalen slowly walk into a cavernous chamber -- shroud in dust , spiderweb and cobweb -- filthy , abandon and echoing . eerie . around the edge we can just glimpse a sense of something familiar , of we time . they be , in fact , stand in the sad remain of the read room of the New York City Public Library . massive wall of book . a dazzle shaft of sunlight shoot straight down from a hole above , create a pillar of light . everything else be darkness . except for a tiny red glow in a far corner of the room . then a voice , echoing from the red glow : voice May I help you ? Alexander and kalen stop . voice .. it have be one thousand , three hundred and seven year since I have see a live soul ... the glow red light approach , ominous ... voice and you be alive . I can feel you pulse from here ... the glow red light approach ... voice if I have know you be come ... the glow red light stop just short of the ray of sunlight from above ... voice I would have baked something . and vox step into the pillar of light . he be a truly horrifying sight . a human-shaped robot of sort . a twist , hideous collection of circuit and wire , piston and metal . a gape face - plate . bit of ashen skin graft uneasily to rubber and metal . and one very human eye peer from he wretch visage . the glow red light come from deep within he incomplete chest cavity . a power source of some kind . he have the same voice as the informational kiosk Alexander speak to earlier . vox move with the strange , jerky gait of a machine well past he prime . he lurch about , but with a bizarre sort of elegance . vox my manners have become deplorable through lack of use . the spider and the scorpion do not care much , I be afraid . he smile , a truly ghastly sight , and perambulate to a bookcase . vox what can I get you , let 's see ... ( he flip through some book ) .. Henry James ? no , too dreary ... hemingway , perhaps ? no , too sweaty . plato ? proust ? poe? pinter ? pound ? no , something else ... ahhhh ... I have it ... ( he hold up a book ) .. Jules verne . he turn to Alexander . vox right up you alley , I would think . you be from the past , yes ? alexander how do you know ?! vox I can smell carcinogen and industrial pollutant on you skin that have not be know here for -- ( he lean forward and smell Alexander ) -- 800,000 year perhaps . do not keep I in suspense . what year ? alexander 1899 . vox I must say , you look remarkably good . you do not want a book then ? alexander what be you ? vox I be the librarian . I have always be the librarian . alexander I know you -- you be a automaton of some sort that -- vox a " automaton " ?! please ! I 'ma biomechanical organism . well , what 's leave of one . what 's leave of all of they , actually . I be the last ... ( he sweep he arm to take in the whole chamber ) .. and " this fragment I have shore against my ruin . " 1.3. eliot . you would not know he yet but you will just love he , he 's divine , if a little dour . very shy though ... hide over here ... he jerk away toward another bookcase . alexander Sir ... have you a name ? vox I be call vox ... ( he jerk quickly to kalen ) .. now you be eloi . kalen ( terrify ) yes ... vox do not be frighten , vox be here to help . to serve . how may I serve you , child ? he lean very close to kalen . then quietly and rather cruelly baaa 's like a sheep . alexander please , we need you help . the morlock have take -- vox ( jerk at the word ) morlock -- alexander you know of they ? vox who do not know the morlock ? alexander do you know where they live ? vox oh yes ... they find we knowledge useful for a time . they use we much as you people do . then they decide they have learn enough so they tore we up for spare part . alexander but you escape . vox I be lucky . the other be not . alexander how have you survive so long ? vox touch the red glow in he chest cavity : vox regenerate fission reactor , you would not understand . it 's power be well beyond you neanderthal cranial capacity . alexander can you show we where they live ? kalen please ... it 's important . vox a eloi who would seek out the morlock ? be not you a plucky little thing ? he stare at kalen , gaug he . kalen bravely return he stare . alexander we need you help . vox ( with rise passion ) why should I help you ? you primate -- you great , lumber , hairy animal , drench in blood from the moment of you hideous conception -- what have you ever use knowledge for but destruction and bloodsh ! a little bit of learn and you lay waste to the world ! you be no better than the morlock ! kalen they take my mother ! vox they take my entire race ! his thunder word echo around the chamber . a beat . vox calm down . take in he massive wall of book . vox but all that 's ancient history . I be safe here . now I live in serene contemplation . I commune with the great mind of history . socrate , aristotle , Shakespeare , martha Stewart . why should I risk all of that to help you ? a beat . alexander because you will never die . vox Excuse I ? alexander you will live like this forever . alone . you be mean to help . to be with people . not like this . a long beat . vox ( darkly ) so , relic , you want to open pandora 's box , do you ? see all the mystery expose ? alexander yes . vox and if the truth be so horrible that it will haunt you dream for all time ? alexander I be use to that . vox stare at Alexander for a long beat . vox all right , dorothy , let 's go and see the wizard . ext . forest - day Alexander , vox and kalen be make they way down a forest path . kalen a bit ahead . vox talk quietly to Alexander : vox when be he mother take ? alexander last night . vox send he away . alexander what ? vox send he home . you do not want he to see it . alexander kalen ... hold on a minute . kalen stop . Alexander kneel by he . a beat . alexander I think we should go on by ourselves . kalen no ... alexander please , just listen to I ... you mother would be very cross with I if you get hurt . I will find she . kalen but you be only a mud carrier . alexander ( smile ) I will be all right ... you go back to the village and light the fire . so we can find we way home . kalen I will wait for you . he hug Alexander , tightly . and then go . a beat . vox watch Alexander , actually move . alexander come on . he rise and they continue down the path . ext . desert - day Alexander and vox be stare up , gaze at something ahead of they . a odd shadow fall across they . alexander my God ... I see this . vox it frighten you . alexander yes ... vox it be mean to . and then we see it ... like a vision from the share eloi dream ... a great metallic bird of prey ... coiled muscle ... shine red in the light . it be , in fact , one of the gargoyle from the Chrysler Building . the top of the building tower up from the sand . shatter and desolate , loom at a odd angle . vox so , do we go on ? alexander yes . vox be not you a plucky little -- ? alexander oh , shut up . he bravely move past the top of the Chrysler Building , keep a eye on the freeze gargoyle as he pass . vox smile and follow . ext . cliff - day great cliff soar up like dragon 's tooth . Alexander and vox approach the tallest , sharpest cliff . like a knife cut into the sky . vox .. the morlock never bother I . why should they ? I be obsolete . where 's the danger in a book no one want to read ? vox note one of the little squirrel - like creature . he calmly crush it under he foot . Alexander be surprised but say nothing . then vox stop at the great cliff , gaze up , a complex tornado of emotion flash across he one human eye . vox ( quietly ) I have not see this place for 120,000 year ... very well , relic . here 's the way in . Alexander stare at the wall of impenetrable stone . vox it 's not what you think . touch it . Alexander slowly reach forward -- he hand pass through the stone . vox it 's what they want you to see . alexander this be the way in ? vox yes be you sure you want to do this ? alexander yes . but you have do enough . thank you for you help ... I hope someday people read you book again . and then Alexander take a breath and ... step through the wall . disappear . vox stand for a moment . think . and follow Alexander through the wall ... int . morlock cave - day Alexander turn . vox in for a penny , in for a pound . do you know that say ? alexander yes ... thank you . and they turn to face ... the lair of the morlock . it be a serpentine network of tunnel that shoot off dramatically in all direction . some of the tunnel be rough and natural , stalagmite and stalactite gape like tooth . other be smooth and architectural , seem almost man-made . in the rock around they , we can just glimpse relic from the Old World -- bury under thousand of year of rock formation and evolution -- treasure deep in the sediment . bit of New York -- a building -- a car -- a soda machine -- twist subway track arching into the darkness . and in the background a steady inhalation and exhalation -- a constant rasp and hollow moan -- as if the Earth itself be breathe . and the low thrum of machinery . alexander machine ? vox yes . alexander do you know which way ? vox stand freeze ... he nightmare come back to haunt he . alexander vox ? vox this way . they begin to move through a tunnel ... int . morlock cave - subway tunnel - day although he do not know it -- and such a thing would be unknown to he anyway -- Alexander and vox be travel down the remain of a decaye New York City subway tunnel . they pass bit of crumble tile on the wall -- the letter " ilr.t. " and " 42nd Street " be just visible through year of grime and geological growth . they move toward the next chamber , the source of the strange breathe and mechanical sound seem to be come from this new chamber ... they emerge on a ledge high above ... int . morlock cave - machinery cavern - day Alexander and vox peer down , hide . if Alexander have the knowledge of its existence he would know he be above the sink remain of madison Square Garden . the whole Garden have fall in on itself at some point , at other the cathedral of metal girder support the ceiling high above . the air around they vibrate and whoosh , the breathe sound roaring . and at last Alexander can see the source ... machine . tower , sweat , industrial . a network of enormous pipe and electrical cable and air channel like the circulator system of a body that twist off in every direction . a sweatshop Hell . a mechanize Dante 's inferno of wood and leather and steel . and the morlock be work . all the machine be power by the brute strength of the morlock alone . they labor among the hellish machine -- slowly turn great wheel and pull at enormous bellow and haul rope and grind lever . they be nightmare figure of a bosch painting . Alexander look down in amazement . alexander what 's it all for ? vox the air ... the power . alexander why do they build it ? vox the morlock do not build this . Alexander look at he . vox Alexander ... listen to I , it be wrong to bring you . you be not go to find what you be look for . alexander what do you mean ? vox ( grim ) trust I ... you do not want to see any more . a beat . alexander show I . vox look at he for a moment . and lead he down another tunnel ... int . morlock cave - hall of bone - day the tunnel gradually open out , get wider and wider , open to a vast chamber ... and as the tunnel open out , they get a stun perspective of the whole ... Bones . skeleton . the entire chamber be a vast necropolis . they be stand in a enormous hall entirely make up of eloi bone and skull and rib cage and complete skeleton . some bury deep into the sediment -- some reach out for they like grisly nightmare image -- a entire sweeping wall of skull on one side . at other place the bone glisten wetly , fresh kill . here and there around the chamber hole drop away to blackness , gape chasm . a silent beat as they take in the horror everywhere around they . vox the slaughterhouse . Alexander look around , shattered . vox they raise they like cattle ... feed they until they be ready and then hunt they . alexander no ... vox ( a whisper ) how be you dream now ? his word hang in the air for a moment as Alexander take in the gruesome chamber . alexander this have to end . vox end ...? alexander this have to end . vox look at he . vox May I help you ? before Alexander can respond -- the ground beside they suddenly explode up -- bone fly -- morlock erupt up from the ground -- Alexander try to resist -- but he be quickly overpower -- a morlock grab vox and brutally fling he aside -- vox fall into a gape hole -- sailing down -- slamming against the side of the abyss -- he body recoiling grotesquely like a rag doll , shattered -- he crash to the bottom of the chasm , lie still -- above , a morlock lean over the defeat Alexander , he open he enormous jaw wide and screech down at Alexander , inch away , Alexander can see into he throat . int . morlock cave - evolving tunnel - day two morlock be lead Alexander down a long , sloping tunnel , deeper and deeper and deeper . but this tunnel be different . it evolve from the natural subterranean and bone cave of the morlock to rough wall and then wall with decaye frescos and tapestry . it be as if Alexander be walk through a microcosm of man 's development . a tall figure be wait ahead of they in the deep darkness of the tunnel . the morlock stop , Alexander as well . Alexander peer at the figure , try to see . too dark . then a voice . surprisingly gentle . gentle voice I will not be what you expect ... a beat . gentle voice we be not really so different , you and I . then a light . a pulsing bio-electric glow radiate from the figure , illuminate it from within , and Alexander see ... the uber-morlock overlord . the uber- morlock be strange creature . the century of live deep underground without any physical activity have leave they anemic and enervate . they be fragile , weak , elongate creature . they skin be almost translucent -- like bizarre mutation of a man and a silverfish . a beat as Alexander take in this eerie figure . the overlord bear a disturbing resemblance to Dean fulton . overlord it 's bio-electric illumination . like certain deep sea creature from you own time . he move to Alexander . the uber- morlock move slowly , almost have lose ambulatory power . the overlord stop close . Studies Alexander . then smile . overlord come ... see you future . he usher Alexander into ... int . uber -morlock chamber - day a breathtaking cacophony of the past and the future . a serpentine honeycomb of chamber that combine a victorian Jules verne sense of the " future " with artifact from we world : obelisk of car and computer ; tower of scientific equipment alongside rotting advertising poster and preserve animal float in huge tank . mammoth column of decaye book soar up like monolith . vast tower of enormous tome of every description . here and there in the murky darkness of the network of room we see flicker light -- decaye power cable -- the hum and sputter of some machinery in the shadow . the overlord slowly lead Alexander through the network of chamber , past the amazing artifact . overlord what 's you name ? alexander Alexander . overlord well , Alexander , as a fellow scientist I know you have a thousand question -- alexander you come underground when the world be end above . and you evolve . some into the morlock and other -- overlord no , we create the morlock . alexander created ? overlord you would not understand . we genetically engineered the morlock class to serve we need . alexander as slave . overlord to work the machine and build the tunnel . you can not imagine what it be like when it all start . we survive for millennia , scraping the lichen and microscopic organism from the rock with we tooth and digging for water with we nail . endlessly . for generation . and we ... become . the overlord continue to lead Alexander through the chamber , the two morlock follow . Alexander can see that the morlock be clearly terrify by the overlord . a few other uber -morlock lurk in the darkness of the corner and high wall of the chamber . overlord and century later when we try to emerge into the sun again , we could not . we adaptation be too successful . we survive we endure ... for this . alexander how do you control the morlock ? overlord we make they see what we wish . alexander how ? overlord as we body atrophy we mind ... compensate . the two morlock follow suddenly stop -- mind control from the overlord freezing they in they track . the overlord continue to walk with Alexander . alexander and what of the eloi ? overlord they survive above . became what they be . alexander no ... they do not survive only to be you food . you do that . overlord I be afraid you indignation be lose here . I have no more " human " response to the eloi then you would have to a carrot . it 's just how we live now . alexander but this be barbaric ! have you completely lose all sense of -- overlord ( stop , calm ) and who be you , Alexander ? who be you to question thousand of year of evolution ? this be the world now . I be fact . alexander it can not all be like this ... they continue walk . overlord Underground and above . Light and dark . predator and prey . there be nothing else . there be not even a desire for anything else . we have finally arrive at ... stasis . which bring we to the problem of you ... you can see that you have no place here . you blood , you offspring , you idea just do not belong anymore . so ... they round a corner to another chamber . and the time Machine be sit before they . overlord .. you be free to go . a stun bell tower loom through the sediment just above the time Machine . it be a huge clock face from the front of some long lose building . the huge bell silent . the hand still for generation . alexander what ? overlord go back to where you come from . or die here . alexander why would you let I go back ? overlord because the past be immutable . frozen. Dead ... and you be the past . a beat as the overlord gaze at Alexander dispassionately . alexander say I just come back again ? overlord Alexander , yours be a world of brocade and velvet , not tooth and claw . why would you come back to this ? to save a few cattle ? no . alexander I could tell they . warm they of what 's to come . the overlord gaze at he deeply . then with strange poignancy . overlord please , warn they . no one will ever believe ... we have come to this . then a weak voice , echoing from the darkness down the corridor ... mara' voice Alexander ... Alexander spin around -- race across the chamber -- the overlord slowly follow -- and Alexander discover mara , almost lose in the incredibly baroque chaos of the chamber . she be hang on a wall , leather strap hold she in place . filthy plastic iv tube connect she to some chugge medical equipment . Alexander reach up to grasp she hand , can just reach she . alexander mara ... mara weakly raise she head -- a shocking sight -- already she skin be become strangely translucent , she vein beginning to show through . alexander no ... mara try to speak , cannot . Alexander stand for a beat , hold she hand . then , without turn : alexander why ? overlord we have lose the capacity to reproduce . but the species must continue . alexander so you take they best ... overlord when a creature show too much independent think we remove they from the gene pool . we be breeding they for submission . soon they will be fully domesticate . alexander ( quietly ) you take she because she help I . overlord yes . initiative and dare be not desirable trait in the eloi . but you should be happy for she . she will not remember the creature she be . she will ... become . a beat . Alexander look up at mara deeply . overlord she will not remember you . none of they will . you will be forget . that be how history work . alexander a man can change he history . overlord after all you have see ... after man 's entire journey ... you still believe that ? Alexander slowly turn to the overlord , he eye burn , he fury mount . overlord now will you go ? alexander no ... Alexander step towards the overlord , threaten . alexander this have to end . the overlord step back . a frail creature , he be no match for Alexander . he have no defense . but for one . overlord her name ... be Emma . Alexander stop . overlord if I can only find the right door ... the lady or the tiger ... alexander no ... overlord it 's always the tiger for you , Alexander , have not you learn that by now ?... he glance to mara , strapped to the wall , she head hang limp . overlord ... it be not possible then and it be not possible now ... the overlord slowly move to Alexander , he eye burn into Alexander 's , he voice low and steady , hypnotic . overlord past ... present ... future ... it 's all the same ribbon . you can not change a thing . not a moment . not a molecule ... you never could . the overlord be very close . a whisper : overlord you come 800,000 year not to relive it . but you be relive it . how can you watch it again ? Alexander look at he , pain in he eye . overlord go ... before it 's too late ... accept what be destine to be . go back to you own time . the future 's finish for you ... Alexander look at mara . then he slowly turn he back on she and step to the time Machine . overlord that 's right ... go back ... tell they of you journey . of you destiny . this be all ... mean to be . Alexander stand at the time Machine . then he reach forward and gently throw the time Machine 's control lever -- the overlord be stunne -- Alexander withdraw he hand and turn to the overlord . alexander not this time . a high -pitch whine -- building -- the world undulate around the time Machine -- and then it be go . the overlord gape at Alexander . overlord that be a foolish thing to do . alexander I be a foolish man . Alexander begin to circle the overlord . overlord I could have a hundred morlock here in thirty second . alexander I know . overlord do this prove something to you ? have you make some great stand of which I be unaware ? Alexander continue to circle , the overlord match he . alexander I be tired of run . overlord oh , you will not be run for long ... Alexander stop . the overlord stop as well . the overlord be now stand where the time Machine be . a tense stand off . overlord but you have earn a reward for you valor . I think you should become . you will like it here . once you get use to the darkness . alexander I do not think that 's go to happen . overlord and why not ? alexander because ... he smile . alexander time 's up . before the overlord can react -- a buzzing sound -- the world undulate around he -- he eye shoot wide with realization -- and the time Machine reappear -- appear through the overlord -- the overlord be tear apart -- the time Machine force it 's way through he body -- splat . the spacial and auditory vibration cause by the reappearance of the time Machine cascade through the chamber -- and the great clock face above suddenly shift -- its bell toll loudly -- the bell sway back and forth unsteadily -- Alexander race to mara -- urgently tear she from the wall -- she collapse down into he arm -- as the huge clock begin to crumble from the wall -- Alexander turn to see -- the great clock face finally fall -- on top of the time Machine . smash it to piece . Alexander gather mara up and begin racing out of the chamber . another uber -morlock reach for they from the shadow -- Alexander easily knock the anemic creature aside and continue on . int . morlock cave - hall of bone - day Alexander be carry mara quickly through the grisly Hall of Bones , try to remember he way out -- then a hulk figure appear ahead of he . and another . two morlock . Alexander quickly set mara down and snatch up a bone to use as a weapon . the two morlock circle he , almost toy with he -- then they attack -- Alexander fight they but be almost immediately overpower -- they roughly shove he to he knee , prepare to dispatch he when -- a voice , vox : vox that 's quite enough of that , you great bloat tick . the morlock spin to vox , surprised -- he stand proudly a few foot away -- Alexander instantly drive up and slam into one of the morlock -- the other spring for vox -- jaw snap -- vox thrust up a arm -- the morlock crash into he -- clamping he jaw down on vox 's forearm -- they fall to the ground -- Alexander fight with he morlock as best he can -- but he be woefully overpower -- the morlock slashes at he -- the other morlock continue to bite down on vox 's forearm -- vox smile -- vox that 's titanium , you idiot . he power forward with he other hand and grab the morlock 's throat , squeezing the life out of he as the morlock slashes at he brutally -- meanwhile , Alexander be have a bad time of it -- the morlock spring away from he into the darkness of the chamber -- cling to the wall and scale along they quickly like a spider -- and then vault back and slashes at Alexander -- Alexander spin -- wounded -- fall . the morlock hunch , coiling for the kill -- Alexander roll over , pull something from he vest -- a box of match -- the morlock race forward to destroy he -- Alexander desperately strike a match -- a sudden phosphorescent flare from the match -- the morlock stop , stunne , blind for a moment -- and then the morlock jerk , stiffen -- amaze -- as vox 's titanium arm shoot through he from behind -- vox 's fist explode through the morlock 's chest . vox jerk he hand free as the morlock fall . then a look of surprise pass across vox 's face ... to he knee . alexander vox -- vox imagine that ... he sink seem that little devil get my power relay ... viscous fluid begin to trickle down he face plate . vox ( smile ) take a lick but tick ... ( he head jerk keep on oddly ) .. for a while anyway . alexander what can I do ? vox nothing to do , I be afraid . just a librarian after all . tell I what to do . I be be not exactly make for all this swashbuckle . though. know Byron ? alexander vox ... vox I be babbling . good to talk to for a change ... take she out of need to go . here ... ( he jerk again , very byronic end , I appreciate that . do you to have someone but you in pain ) .. I do not have long . alexander I will not leave you like this . vox go back to the light . you be not make for this . I be ... I be make for this moment . alexander I do not understand . vox I be go to end it , Alexander . as we discuss ... he touch the red glow of the reactor in he vox .. it will only take a moment . one interrupt circuit , a few atom smash together and this will all be history . I will give you as much time as I can ... help I up . Alexander help vox to he foot . vox now get out of my sight , you hideous primate . alexander I will never forget this . vox I should hope not ... ( he jerk again in pain ) .. Alexander ... make they read my book . tell they who they be . who they could be . alexander I will ... a difficult beat . vox tick-tick-tick -- better scamper along now . Alexander pick up mara and sprint off . vox slowly turn toward the machinery Cavern . int . morlock cave - subway tunnel - day chest . Alexander make he way with mara up the decaye subway tunnel . meanwhile -- int . morlock cave - machinery cavern - day the morlock be absorb in they mindless toil , as they have be for generation . slave and sweat at the great machine . vox slowly limp into the chamber . he be near the end , fluid flow down he face , move with difficulty . the morlock notice he , surprised . vox just continue to limp into the center of the cavern . the morlock begin to surround he , circle he , predatory . vox look at the morlock surround he . he smile . vox May I help you ? then he reach deep into he gape chest cavity -- and the world explode -- a terrific reaction -- a cascade shock wave that tear through the chamber -- the entire cavern begin to implode from the violent percussion -- int . morlock cave - hall of bone - day the shock wave from the explosion rip through the slaughterhouse -- destroy everything -- int . uber -morlock chamber - day the shock wave tear through the chamber . the entire uber morlock world crumble , bury the artifact of man 's past in a avalanche of rock . int . morlock cave - subway tunnel - day Alexander hear the shock wave near -- the world dissolve as the cavern collapse behind he -- he sprint forward with mara -- the subway tunnel twist and writhe and implode behind he -- Alexander see sunlight ahead -- the way out -- he speed toward the light -- ext . cliff - day Alexander race with mara into the blind sunlight -- emerge from the gape tunnel lead to the morlock 's cave -- just as the final tunnel collapse behind they . Alexander sink to he knee and look back . Dust and boulder and earth . vox have do it . the morlock world be no more . ext . eloi village - night fire burn through the night . the eloi be stand , amaze , not believe what they see ... Alexander and mara . alive . they walk through the stunne eloi without a word . kalen emerge from he house and run to they . slow fade to ... int . / ext . field / alexander's house - day / night Alexander walk with mara and kalen across a green , grassy field . alexander .. well , you want to see it . kalen this be it ? alexander around here . he stop . alexander ( smile ) yes . just about here . kalen but there 's nothing here . mara it be different then . alexander my laboratory be about ... here . and the kitchen be over there , where that tree be . Mrs. watchit would not allow I in much ... but , yes , this be about the kitchen . they continue to move around the world that be Alexander 's house as we become aware of something else ... almost like ghost at first . philby and Mrs. watchit . move around Alexander 's house in 1899 . then we see the house and the field simultaneously . the same space , century apart . mrs . watchit I do not know what to tell you , sir . he 's be go this whole week . philby and you have no idea where he go ? mrs . watchit no , sir . philby smile . they move into the study ... alexander and this would be my study . there be a elm tree outside the window then . philby I be glad . mrs . watchit Sir ? philby I be glad he 's go . maybe he 's finally find a place where he can be happy . alexander this ... be my home . philby his home . Alexander put a arm around mara . at peace with he past . and he future . alexander Long ago . Alexander , mara and kalen and they time slowly disappear as we fully come to ... int . alexander's house - night Mrs. watchit lead philby to the front door . philby you know , Molly and I be talk about engage a nanny for Jamie . someone to live with we and take care of the boy . would you be interested ? they stop at the front door . Mrs. watchit look back at the empty house for a moment . then turn to philby . mrs . watchit I think I might be . but there will be some change make . I run a tight house . philby ( smile ) I have no doubt of that . I will come by in the morning and we will arrange it . goodnight , Mrs. watchit . mrs . watchit goodnight , Mr. philby . he go . Mrs. watchit gently close the door and turn back to the empty house . she stand for a moment and then , quietly : mrs . watchit godspeed , my fine lad , godspeed ... ext . alexander's house - night philby walk away from the house , stop , take one look back . and he look up at the moon for a moment . then he take he bowler hat off and fling it away . he smile . and continue away . fade out .