" the mummy " by Stephen sommer the universal picture globe spin . then come to a stop on the African continent . a golden papyrus map of ancient egypt rise up . we push in on it , towards a CITY along the Nile , it 's name write in hierarchic . we keep pushing in until the golden map turn to golden sand and we find ourselves descending on this ancient egyptian city . only it 's not ancient . superimposed across the screen be the word . thebe - 2,134 b.c accompany by a narrator with a very thick egyptian accent : narrator thebes . City of the live . Crown jewel of pharaoh seti the first . the camera set -down in a open plaza . a Arabian horse - draw chariot come barrel right at we , drive by pharaoh SETI ; a aristocratic , virile old man . the chariot wipe frame . int . anck -su - namun' balcony window - palace - dusk glaring out over the city at the set sun be a handsome , muscular man with intense , evil eye . this be imhotep . narrator Home of imhotep , High Priest of osiris , keeper of the Dead . a gorgeous , olive -skin goddess enter the outer foyer . it take we a moment to realize that the skin-tight dress she 's wear be not a dress at all , but rather she entire naked body have be painted in the ancient egyptian manner she 's a stun sight to behold . this be anck-su - namun . narrator birthplace of anck-su-namun . pharaoh 's mistress . no other man be allow to touch she . she make she way through the ornate statuary . the camera come to a stop on a cracked stone face . a beat . and then it 's eye suddenly pop OPEN . it 's really a strange look tattooed man . several more of this hideous , bald men stand nearby . they be the priest of osiris . imhotep 's guy . they eye watch anck -su-namun vanish through the bedroom curtain . anck -su-namun embrace imhotep , they kiss passionately , feverishly . imhotep 's hand roam over she perfect body , smear the paint . the narrator 's voice fill with lust : narrator but for we love , we be willing to risk life itself . and we realize that the narrator be actually imhotep himself on the other - side of the curtain , the bald Priests rush over and close the door . but just as they do , the door suddenly burst OPEN . pharaoh angrily stride in , look at the Priests . the follow dialogue be in ancient egyptian , -- subtitled . pharaoh what be you do here ? the Priests back away , scared shitless , obviously he arrival be unexpected . pharaoh stride for the curtain . throw they back . anck -su-namun stand alone . give he a sexy smile . pharaoh see the smear body paint . point he finger . pharaoh who have touched you ?! from behind he , he sword be rip out of its scabbard . pharaoh spin around . it 's imhotep . pharaoh be shocked . pharaoh imhotep ?... my priest . behind he , anck -su -namun lift a dagger and plunge it into he back . pharaoh scream . imhotep raise pharaoh 's sword . the hideous bald Priests slam the door and bolt they tight . through the curtain , they see the shadow of anck -su-namun and imhotep stab away at pharaoh . suddenly , the door be rammed from the other side , --wham ! imhotep and anck-su-namun turn and look . -- wham ! the door be rammed again . the two lover share desperate look . -- wham ! the bald Priests run up and grab imhotep and try and pull he towards the balcony . priest pharaoh 's bodyguard ! imhotep try to break free , but anck -su -namun rip pharaoh 's sword out of he hand and push he towards the balcony . anck-su - namun you must go . save yourself . only you can resurrect I . imhotep 's face fill with despair . the door explode OPEN . men with blue - tinted skin and strange puzzle -tattoos over they body stride in , armed to the tooth . this be the mumia . the Priests hustle imhotep out onto the dark balcony just as the mumia rip through the curtain . anck -su-namun point at pharaoh and hiss -- anck-su - namun my body be no longer he temple ! she plunge the sword into she own heart . out on the balcony , imhotep 's mouth open into a horrible silent scream ... narrator / imhotep for murdering pharaoh , anck -su-namun 's body be to be curse . and it be I , the High Priest , whose duty it be to curse it . ext . sand dune - night imhotep lead -a torch - lit procession across the dune . anck - su-namun 's mummy be carry by nubian slave . they put she down in the sand along with five jewel encrusted jar . imhotep her body be mummify , she vital organ remove and place in sacred canopic jar . imhotep , fill with dread , read from a obooko make out of pure gold . this be the book of the live . imhotep the Book of the live contain sacred incantation that would send the evil dead on a journey into the dark underworld . strange light suddenly flash across the face of the slave and the egyptian soldier . suddenly , everyone 's fear - fill eye all rise , as if watch anck -su -namun 's body rise . then one last huge flash , accompany by a blast of wind , and it 's over . anck - su-namun 's body now lie twisted on the ground . imhotep 's Priests place the body into a stone sarcophagus . the nubian slave lower it into a hole and bury it with sand . imhotep then signal to the Soldiers , who throw they spear at the nubian . killing they . imhotep the slave be kill ... imhotep 's knife - wield Priests attack the now unarm Soldiers , hack at they in the flicker darkness as imhotep and the mumia solemnly watch . imhotep ... and the soldier who kill they be also slain , so that no unholy person should ever know the exact location of the burial site . the mumia walk off across the sand and then , one by one , the Priests stop they frenzied stabbing and stare off at the vanish mumia . as the last mumia disappear over a distant dune , imhotep nod , and the Priests leap onto anck -su-namun 's grave and begin digging it back up with they hand . ext . sahara desert - night chariot race out into the moonlit desert . imhotep lead the way . a " hearse " carry anck -su -namun 's mummy . the map of ancient egypt fade up . the chariot race across the map . imhotep but there be another book , the Book of the Dead , which be never to be open , never to be read , for it contain the incantation that could bring a dead body back to life a most unholy thing . the chariot arrive at a place mark on the map in hieratic . they race up the stone ramp and in through the city gate . superimposed across the screen be the word : hamunaptra - City of the Dead imhotep it be hide at hamunaptra , City of the Dead , inside the statue of anubis , so that no such sacrilege might ever disgrace Egypt . ext . hamunaptra - anubis site - night imhotep pull a ornate chest out of a secret compartment inside the giant statue of anubis . he open the chest and lift out the book of the dead , make of black stone . imhotep but for my love of anck -su -namun I be willing to defy the god . int . underground necropolis - night Big hairy rat scurry through the mausoleum and over the headstone of this very large , scary , underground cemetery . a detritus moat surround the cemetery , -- muck make out of filthy water and human remain . skull bob in the goop . the Priests have gather in a circle . they hood , lifeless eye seem dead to this world . they bald head rock back and forth as they chant , a quiet eerie hum . heinous creature . in the middle of the circle be a strange , twisted altar . imhotep have unwrapped anck -su-namun 's gorgeous , lifeless body and place she five sacred canopic jar around she . imhotep anck -su-namun 's vital organ be still fresh , so a human sacrifice would not need be make . as imhotep begin to read from the Book of the Dead , a large swirling hole start to open in the detritus bog . several Priests look over at it , frighten , then quickly look back down and resume chanting . a strange mist waft up out of the swirl hole and over to the jar , it pass through they and into anck -su-namun 's body . one of the jar shudder , the heart inside begin to beat . the chanting priest , swirling hole , wafting mist , beat heart and imhotep's reading be reach a crescendo . anck -su-namun 's eye suddenly fly OPEN . imhotep anck -su-namun soul have come back from the dead ! now all that be need , be to return she organ to they rightful place within she body . imhotep lift a sacrificial knife above anck -su-namun 's breast , about to plunge it down . the chanting , swirling and beat heart climax . and that 's when the mumia burst in and storm through the startle Priests . the head mumia smashes the jar with the beat heart . the mist instantly suck back out of anck -su-namun 's body and implode back into the swirl hole . anck -su-namun 's eye close . dying once again . imhotep scream in rage . the mumia grab he and he Priests . imhotep my Priests be condemn to be mummify alive . int . embalming chamber ( necropolis re - vamp ) - night Inside a torch - lit chamber , imhotep be hold by anubis-heade embalmers . he cringe at the flicker , impressionistic glimpsis of he Priests be embalm and mummify alive . the horrid-looking embalmer , use knife , needle and thread , calmly perform they ghastly surgery on the scream Priests , who be go insane from the procedure . a red hot poker be pull out of a pit of burn coal . a Priest 's head be wedge between two strong board . his eye widen in terror as a embalmer move to insert the red hot poker up he nose . but just before he do , we quickly CUT to imhotep's face , horrify , as off camera , the Priest scream . we go wide on the chamber . all twenty - one of imhotep 's Priests squirm inside they wrapping . imhotep be force to he knee . his arm be hold back . his mouth be pried open . imhotep as for I , I be condemn to endure the hom -dai . the worst of all ancient curse . one so horrible , it have never before be bestow . use a pair of tong , a embalmer slowly pull imhotep 's tongue out of he mouth , then place a very sharp knife on top of it . we go tight on imhotep's eye as he tongue be apparently cut out . the embalmer fling imhotep 's tongue onto the floor . the mumia 's dog attack and quickly eat it . imhotep be wrapped alive . only he mouth , nostril and fearfilled eye be leave free of the slimy bandage . detritus muck boil inside a black cauldron . embalmer scoop out the fetid muck and apply it to imhotep 's wrapping as he squirm . he 's then laid in a wooden coffin inside a stone sarcophagus . a embalmer with a bucket step up and look into the coffin . imhotep 's wild eye stare back . the embalmer empty the bucket over imhotep 's chest : dozen of scarab , disgusting dung beetle . they scurry across imhotep 's scream face . some vanish into he tongue - less mouth and up he nostril . imhotep by eat the sacred scarab , I would be curse to stay alive forever . and by eat I , they be curse just the same . the lid to the coffin be slammed shut . then , use a strange four-side key , the head mumia lock the coffin lid tight . the heavy sarcophagus lid be shove into place and with a loud whoosh seal itself airtight . once again , the head mumia use the strange key , lock the sarcophagus lid tight . imhotep I be to remain seal inside my sarcophagus , the undead for all of eternity . the blue-skinned , strangely tattooe man carefully collapse the side of the key , -- turn it into a little puzzle BOX . imhotep they would never allow I to be release . for I would arise a walk disease , a plague upon mankind , a unholy flesh - eater , with the strength of age , power over the sand , and the glory of invincibility . imhotep 's sarcophagus be drop into a detritus pit . the disgusting muck splashes up , drool down it 's side , and then be mysteriously suck into it 's seam , vanish clean . imhotep and if I could raise my beloved anck - su-namun from she place in hell , together , we would be a unstoppable infection upon this world . the apocalypse . the end . imhotep 's horrifying tongue - less scream can be hear come from inside he sarcophagus as grave digger shovel dirt onto it . the MAIN title be superimposed on the scream : the mummy the heavily armed mumia stand guard around imhotep 's grave . look down on the burial site be the huge statue of anubis , the jackal - head god of death . it stare at we . then begin to decay before we very eye , aging 4,159 year in only second . and then we find ourselves and the decrepit , half - bury statue of anubis out in the middle of the desert . ext . sahara - hamanaptra ruins ( 1925 ) - day imhotep 's horrifying scream become the scream of a tuareg horseman . Racing across the desert with two thousand of he warrior brethren . armed to the tooth . superimposed across the screen be the word : the sahara - 1925 a mile across the scorching desert two hundre french foreign legiononare scurry through the ruin , prepare for the onslaught . our hero be up on the wall . his kepi sit at a jaunty angle . dash and handsome . this be rick o'connell . he look out at the massive scream horde gallop at he . o'connell I know this be gonna be a lousy day . a doughy little frenchman join he as he make he way across the top of the wall . this be beni . beni personally , I would like to surrender . why can we not just surrender ? o'connell shut - up and gimme you bandolier . beni pull off he cartridge belt . hand it to O'Connell . beni then let 's run away . right now . while we can still make it . O'Connell throw it on , crisscross he own bandolier . o'connell now gimme you revolver , you will never use it anyway . beni pull out he pistol and chuck it to O'Connell . beni then let 's play dead , huh ? nobody ever do that anymore . O'Connell slide it into he belt , next to he own revolver o'connell now go find I a big stick . beni in the desert ? what for ? O'Connell turn and go nose - to- nose with he . o'connell so I can tie it to you back , you appear to be without a spine . the horde of warrior thunder forward . now a half mile out . scimitar rattling . o' connell and beni run through the ruin . o'connell how would a guy like you end up in the legion anyways ? beni I get catch robbing a synagogue . lot of good stuff in they holy place ; church , temple , mosque , and who 's guard they ? o'connell altar boy ? beni exactly ! I speak seven language , include Hebrew , so my specialty be synagogue . how about you ? kill somebody ? beni trip and accidentally tackle O'Connell to the ground . O'Connell give he a nasty look . o'connell no , but I be consider it . they get up and run out the gate and down the stone ramp beni what then ? robbery ? extortion ? kidnap ! o'connell none of the above , thank you . beni then what the hell be you do here !? they both skid to a stop at the front line as they see the horde of warrior . the SOUND of charging horse be deafen . O'Connell give beni a big cheesy smile . o'connell I be just look for a good time . and that 's when the cowardly legionnaire Colonel suddenly panic , cut and run . o' connell instantly stiffen . o'connell oh shit . steady ! give the man around he courage . but onward come the horde hoof pound the sand . several more legionnaire take off . o'connell steady ! ( to himself ) what the hell be I sayin ' ? the tuaregs let loose with that horrifying oooo- loo - loog scream . more legionnaire haul - ass . beni be one of they . o'connell steady !! ( to himself ) what the hell be I doin ' ? the tuaregs set they rifle and take aim . o' connell steel himself , cock and lock . the cartridge in he mouth suddenly snap , he spit it into the sand . another beat . and then -- o'connell FIRE ! the legionnaire on the ground FIRE . the rifle report with a crash . the blast blow dozen of tuaregs clean off they mount . the prone legionnaire quickly begin to reload . o'connell FIRE ! the kneel legionnaire FIRE . more tuaregs bite the sand . the remain warrior OPEN FIRE . thunder and smoke rip the hot air . a third of the legionnaire be kill instantly . o'connell FIRE ! the remain stand legionnaire FIRE . tuaregs spin off they mount . crash to the sand . and then the entire tuareg force plow into the ruin and through the legionnaire . O'Connell grab the barrel of he rifle and start clubbing rider off they steed , fight like a man possess . beni on the other hand , be bellycrawl across the sand , whimper in full retreat as legionnaire fall dead all around he . he crawl through the front gate . O'Connell throw he rifle down and go for he gun . he cross -draw , gun in each hand , start blow rider off they mount . beni crawl faster , and then he spot a open temple doorway amongst the rock . he get up and sprint for the door as the last of the legionnaire be shot off they foot behind he . o' connell 's gun go empty . o'connell son-of-a-bitch . he turn and run like hell , right through the front gate . four tuareg warrior on massive arabian haul - ass after he . O'Connell hurdle a stone column , hit the ground run . he spot beni inside the Temple doorway , try to close the heavy sandstone door . o'connell hey ! beni ! wait up ! beni have no intention of wait up , he push harder . o'connell what be ya do ?! wait up ! O'Connell run faster . beni push harder . the four horseman leap the big column and charge after he . hoof pounding . o'connell do not you close that door ! don't you close that door ! beni close the door just as O'Connell reach it . o' connell slam he body into the door . it do not budge . o'connell I be gonna get you for this ! he turn and bolt off around the rock . running for he life , weaving through the ruin . the arabian get closer and closer . the pounding hoof get louder and louder . O'Connell finally spin around and face he attacker . the four massive horse crash to a stop in front of he . the vicious tuaregs raise they rifle to finish he off . O'Connell just stand there , exhaust and beat , then he slowly lift he right hand and give they the bird . and that 's when the horse go ape-shit . all four of they rear up . two of the rider be thrown to the ground . the horse screech and bellow and snort in fear , then buck like fury and haul - ass away as if the devil himself have scared they . the throw rider get up and race off after they mount . O'Connell just stand there , stunne , then he lift he right hand and check out he middle finger . and then he feel the evil himself , and turn around . -- the shattered , decrepit statue of anubis stare back at he . suddenly , the sand begin to shift under O'Connell 's foot . he start to back away , keep he eye on the transform sand , it look like huge snake be wiggling and writhe beneath it , form line and shape , -- draw a picture . O'Connell quickly turn and run off through the ruin . the sand stop move , and we can now see that , draw in the sand , be a picture of imhotep's scream face . ext . ridge - day up on a ridge , a group of rider watch O'Connell stumble clear of the decrepit city . o' connell feel they presence and look up . very different from the tuaregs , they have blue tinted skin and face cover in strange puzzle -tattoos . the mumia . still watch imhotep 's grave after all this time . the mumia leader be a huge , fierce man in black robe , with dual scimitar across he waist . his face be both handsome and horrible , blue and tattooe . meet ardeth ray . his dark eye watch O'Connell stagger off into the open desert ... ext . cairo - day Cairo , a city so old the star have actually change they position in the sky since it 's birth . a city teeming with every form of life . a strange , mysterious , wonderful city . we superimpose it 's name across the screen : cairo int . cairo museum of antiquities - day deep in the bowel of the museum lie the stack . row upon row of tower bookshelve . fill with literature on the antiquity . stand at the top of a tall ladder between two of this row and lean against one of the bookshelve , be a rather uninteresting british girl : eye-glass , hair - in - a-bun , long boring dress , you typical prudish nightmare . this be evelyn carnarvon . we be go to fall in love with she . Evelyn pull a book out from a stack under she arm , blow the dust off it , then place it on a shelf with other book whose title all begin with the letter " o " . then she grab another book out from under she arm and read the title . evelyn tuthmosis ?... now how do you get up here ? carefully , so as not to lose she balance , she look over she shoulder to the bookshelf behind she , where all the title begin with the letter " T " . then she look down . it 's a long way to the bottom . Evelyn gently set the other book down on the top shelf , then turn and gingerly start to reach across the aisle with the tuthmosis book . it 's a little too far , so she stretch , reach , hold the top of the ladder with she fingertip , she 's almost get it , closer now closer . and that 's when the ladder pull away from the shelf . Evelyn yelp , fling the tuthmosis book and grab the top of the ladder , which stand straight up . Evelyn hold she breath , sway precariously , a long beat , and then she lose she balance , the ladder swing around and Evelyn start stiltwalk down the aisle . evelyn oheiugm !! ahhhhhh ! the ladder cross the aisle , do a about face and head back the way it come . Evelyn cling to the top , struggle for balance . the ladder teeter out into the main aisle and pick up speed . Evelyn scream as it do a 180 , spin into another aisle and finally crash to a stop at the top of a bookshelf . Evelyn hold she breath , then sigh heavily . and that 's when the bookshelf fall away from she and crash into the next bookshelf . Evelyn slide down the ladder and plop to the floor . she look up just as the domino effect kick - in : each bookshelf crash into the next . and onward it go . bookshelf after bookshelf . thousands of volume fling off shelf and scatter across the floor . it finally end as the last shelf crash into a wall . evely n 's eye be close . she open one eye . look leave . then right . then open the other eye and stare at the huge mess . evelyn oops . the egyptian curator storm in . curator look at this ! son of the messiah ! give I frog , fly , locust , anything but this ! compare to you , the other plague be a joy ! Evelyn quickly get up and start gather book . evelyn I be sorry , it be a accident . curator when ramess destroy Syria , it be a accident . you be a catastrophe ! why do I put up with you ? Evelyn turn to he , try to contain herself . evelyn you put up with I , because I can read and write ancient egyptian , decipher hieroglyphs and hieratic , and I be the only person within a thousand mile who know how to properly code and catalogue this library . curator who need smart woman ? I put up with you because you mother and father be we finest patron , Allah rest they soul . now straighten up this mess ! the curator storm out . Evelyn just stand there , steaming . and then she hear a noise and quickly turn around . a beat . evelyn hello ? quiet . eerie . and then she hear it again , like foot , slowly shuffle across the floor , come from a nearby gallery . evelyn Abdul ? Mohammed ? Bob ? Evelyn walk through the stack and enter -- int . the ramesseum fill with treasure and plunder from the Middle Kingdom . it 's very dark and quiet in here , the only light be from flickering torch at either end of the spooky gallery . the noise again ! from the far side of the room . foot , slowly shuffle , plodd across the floor . Evelyn grab a torch . look around , at a statue of anubis , another of horus , they stare down at Evelyn , who be start to get scared now . she walk down the aisle . past a close sarcophagus . past case of ancient artifact . past another sarcophagus , -- only this one be OPEN ! Evelyn freeze , swallow hard , nervously look around to see who could have open it . then she slowly lean forward with the torch , and peer inside . -- a hideous rotted mummy sit up and screech at she ! Evelyn scream , drop the torch and back away , scared out of she wit . and then , come from inside the sarcophagus , she hear a man laughing . her eye narrow as a foppish cad crawl out from behind the mummy , laugh he ass off , half drunk . evelyn you ...! you ...! jonathan drunkard ? fool ? rat-bastard ? please call I something original . meet jonathan carnarvon . as he crawl out of the sarcophagus , Evelyn pull a cigarette out of the mummy 's mouth . evelyn have you no respect for the dead ? jonathan right now , I only wish to join they . he grin drunkenly . Evelyn punch he hard in the chest . evelyn well I wish you would do it sooner rather than later , before you ruin my career the way you have ruin yours . jonathan my dear , sweet , baby sister , I will have you know , that at this moment my career be on a high note . he belches , then fall back and sit on the edge of a tomb . evelyn High note ? ha ! for five year you have be scroung around Egypt , and what have you to show for it ? nothing . Jonathan excitedly start scroung around in he jacket . jonathan oh yes I do ! I have something right here ! evelyn oh no , not another worthless trinket , Jonathan , if I bring one more piece of junk to the curator to try and sell for you . Jonathan pull out a small , ancient BOX ; the collapse key to imhotep 's sarcophagus and coffin . Evelyn be instantly curious , she grab the box out of he hand . evelyn where do you get this ? Jonathan know she weakness , give she a mischievous smile . jonathan on a dig , down in thebes . Evelyn roll the box around in she hand , mumble to herself as she translate the hieratics and hieroglyphs cover it . Jonathan lick he lip in anticipation . jonathan my whole life I have never find anything , evy . tell I I have find something . Evelyn 's finger play with the various little slat on the box , shifting they this way and that way , it 's like a puzzle box . then suddenly , it unfold itself , almost - mechanically , turn itself into the key . sitting inside the open key / box be a fold piece of golden papyrus . a ancient map . evelyn Jonathan ? jonathan yes ? evelyn I think you find something . int . curator' office - day the curator sit at he desk , stare through a jeweler 's eyepiece at the key / box . Evelyn hover behind he , excited . evelyn see the cartouche there , it 's the official royal seal of seti the first , I be sure of it . curator perhaps . Jonathan lean in from across the desk . jonathan two question . who the hell be seti the first ? and be he rich ? evelyn he be the last pharaoh of the Old Kingdom , say to be the wealthiest pharaoh of they all . jonathan alright , good , that 's good . I like this fellow , like he very much . the curator pick up the map . it 's actually the exact same map that we establish in the open scene of the movie . evelyn I have already date it , this map be almost four thousand year old . and the hieratics over here ... ( inhale deeply ) it 's hamunaptra . the curator freeze , suddenly very nervous , then he recover . curator my dear girl , do not be ridiculous , we be scholar , not treasure hunter . hamunaptra be a myth . jonathan be we talk about the hamunaptra ? evelyn yes . the City of the Dead . where the early pharaoh be say to have hide the wealth of Egypt . jonathan right , right , in a big underground treasure chamber . everybody know the story . the entire necropolis be rig to sink into the sand . on pharaoh 's command , a flick of the switch ! and the whole place could disappear beneath the dune . evelyn all we know be that the city mysteriously vanish around 2,134 b.c . the curator hold the map closer to the burn candle -lamp . curator as the Americans would say : it 's all fairy tale and hokum . the map ' accidentally , ' catch on FIRE . the curator throw it to the floor . Jonathan drop to he knee and quickly put it out . lift it up . the leave third of the map be now miss . jonathan you burn it ! you burn off the part with the lose city ! curator it 's for the best , I be sure . many man have waste they life in the foolish pursuit of hamunaptra , no one have ever find it , most have never return . jonathan ( devastate ) you kill my map . curator I be sure it be a fake , anyway , I be surprised at you , miss carnarvon , to be so fool . the curator reach for the key / box . Evelyn quickly snatch it off the desk and give he a very angry , suspicious look . ext . cairo prison - gallow courtyard - day Cairo prison . one of the worst hell hole on earth . every low - life form of scumbag can be find here . the warden , a first rate scumbag himself , escort Evelyn and Jonathan across the gallow courtyard . Evelyn whisper to Jonathan . evelyn you tell I you find it on a dig down in thebes ! jonathan I be mistaken . evelyn you lie to I ! jonathan I lie to everybody , what make you so special ? evelyn I be you sister . jonathan that just make you more gullible . evelyn you steal it from a drunk at the local casbah ?! jonathan picked he pocket , actually . ext . visitor be pen - day the warden usher Evelyn and Jonathan into the hold pen . evelyn and what be he in prison for ? warden I do not know , so when I hear you be come , I ask he that myself . evelyn and what do he say ? warden he say ... he be just look for a good time . the interior cell door burst OPEN . o' connell be in chain , drag by four guard , they shove he up to the cell bar . from the look of it , he 's be here awhile ; he face be half hide by long hair , a scraggly beard and many new bruise . Evelyn look at he , disgust by he appearance . evelyn but he 's just a filthy criminal ? jonathan ( cring ) Way to go , evy . O'Connell give Evelyn the once over , then look at Jonathan . o'connell so who 's the broad ? evelyn Broad ?! jonathan she 's my sister , actually . o'connell yeah ? well , ... I be sure she 's not a total loss . Evelyn be stunne and furious . the warden head out the door . warden I will be back in a moment . o'connell ( sarcastic ) I tremble with anticipation . a Guard club O'Connell across the head , O'Connell 's face bounce off the metal bar . he show no pain , but just look back and give the Guard a nasty look . Evelyn step closer . evelyn we uh , ... find ... you puzzle box , and we have come to ask you about it . o'connell no . evelyn no ? o'connell no ... you come to ask I about hamunaptra . Evelyn and Jonathan quickly look around , hope the guard do not hear he . they step closer . Evelyn play coy . evelyn how do you know the box pertain to hamunaptra ? o'connell because that 's where I find it . I be there . Evelyn be dumbstruck . but Jonathan look suspicious jonathan how do we know that 's not a load of pig swallow ? O'Connell look closer at Jonathan , a glint of recognition . o'connell hey , ... do not I know you ? jonathan um , well , you see ... O'Connell 's fist come fly through the bar , hit Jonathan square in the jaw , deck he . he hit the floor . out cold . a Guard club O'Connell . his head bounce off the bar again . he show no pain , but give the Guard another nasty look . Evelyn look down at she brother , then back at O'Connell . evelyn you be actually at hamunaptra ? o'connell I just deck you brother evelyn yes , well ... ( shrug ) I know my brother . O'Connell almost smile . there 's a bit of spark to this girl . o'connell yeah , I be there . evelyn you swear ? o'connell every damn day . evelyn no , I mean -- o'connell -- I know what you mean . I be there , alright . seti 's place . the City of the Dead . evelyn what do you find ? what do you see ? o'connell I find sand . I see death . the warden enter . Evelyn quickly lean closer to O'Connell . evelyn could you tell I how to get there ? the exact location ? o'connell want to know ? Evelyn lean in even closer . evelyn yes . o'connell really want to know ? she lean she face right up to the bar , nervous and excited evelyn yes . O'Connell step forward and kiss she full on the lip . o'connell then get I the hell outta here . Evelyn be stunne . a Guard club he , he face bounce off the bar again , but before he can react the Guards grab he , yank he away from the bar and drag he out of the room . evelyn where be they take he ? warden to be hang . Evelyn be shocked . the warden show - off he green tooth . warden apparently , he have a very good time . ext . gallow courtyard - day hundred of filthy prisoner stare down onto the gallow as the hangman 's noose be drape over O'Connell 's head and cinched tight around he neck . Evelyn follow the warden onto a balcony above the gallow . the prisoner all go dead quiet at the sight of she ; like jackal stare at fresh meat . warden no woman allow . evelyn I be a English woman . this seem to confuse the warden , he shrug and sit down . O'Connell look up as Evelyn plop down beside the warden . evelyn I will give you one hundred pound to spare he life . warden I would pay one hundred pound just to see he hang . evelyn two hundred pound . warden proceed ! evelyn Three hundred pound ! O'Connell can hear every word , he look hopeful . other than Evelyn , you could hear a pin drop . the hangman turn to he . hangman any last request , pig ? o'connell yeah , I would like ya to let I go . the hangman grab the lever to the trapdoor . evelyn five hundre pound ! the warden set he greasy , lecherous hand on Evelyn 's leg . warden and what else ? Evelyn be revolt , she quickly shove he hand away . insulted , the warden angrily turn and gesture to the hangman , who pull the lever . the trapdoor drop away . evelyn nooo ! O'Connell drop through the hole . the rope pay out . then jerk taught . o' connell 's body snap at the end of the rope . but he 's still alive , because -- warden his neck do not break ! good ! now we watch he strangle to death . the prisoner go ape-shit , scream and shout in anger . the guard look around , nervous . o' connell struggle at the end of the rope , gag . Evelyn be horrify , she quickly turn to the warden , lean forward and whisper in he ear . evelyn he know the location to hamunaptra . the warden spin around and face she . warden you lie . evelyn I would never ! at the end of the rope , O'Connell be choke and gag and turn several shade of red . the warden stare at Evelyn . warden be you say this filthy godless son of a pig know where to find the City of the Dead ? truly ? evelyn yes and if you cut he down , we will give you ten percent . warden fifty percent . evelyn twenty . warden forty . Evelyn hesitates , bite she lip . O'Connell 's eye bulge as he look up at she , he can not believe this girl . o'connell give ... give he ... give he glaaaa -- ! evelyn twenty - five percent , and not one single farthing more . the warden flash a big green smile , then yell in Arabic . a scimitar slashes the air . the rope be CUT . o' connell crash to the ground . half dead . roll over . gagging . all of the prisoner burst into cheer . o' connell look up at Evelyn . she smile broadly and wave down at he . curator' office - night candle light flicker across the curator 's face . curator she must die . stand in the shadow across from he desk be three mumia : blue tinted skin , hideous facial tattoo , -- the work . one of the mumia have a rusty metal hook for a hand . he shrug . hook she be like all the other . she will die in the desert . curator no ! she have see too much . she know too much . the curator lean across he desk , fear in he eye . curator not only do she have a map , but she have the key . spook the hell out of the mumia guy . hook the key !? she have the lose key !? curator yes . no one have ever have so much , be so close . we must stop she , or it will be the end of we all . hook then we will kill she , we will kill she and all that with she . curator and burn the map and retrieve the key . hook it will be do . but what of the american expedition ? they leave tomorrow as well . curator forget the bumbling Americans , they will be like all the other . without the map to guide they , how can they possibly find hamunaptra ? ext . giza port - day smash CUT to : we old traitorous friend beni . beni it be three day down the Nile , then two day by camel , sahib . we crane back : to reveal beni stand on the bow of a passenger barge . surrounded by daniel , henderson and burn . daniel for all the money we be pay you , something better god - damned well be under that sand . we keep craning back : as Henderson slap Daniels on the back . henderson " hamunaptra , " Daniels , that 's all ya gotta keep sayin , to yourself , " hamunaptra . " now we see all of giza port : team of explorer swarm the dock . across the Nile , the pyramid spike the sky . Evelyn and Jonathan walk along the boardwalk besiege by hawker sell everything from toy tomb to King tut action figure . evelyn do you really think he will show up ? jonathan undoubtedly , I know the breed , he may be a cowboy , but he word be he word . evelyn personally , I think he 's filthy , rude and a complete scoundrel . I do not like he one bit . o'connell ( o.s. ) anyone I know ? they both turn . o' connell walk up ; shave , shower , spit and polished , with a new haircut and clothes . he look more dash and handsome than ever . Evelyn be suitably impressed . evelyn oh ... um , ... hello . Jonathan grab O'Connell 's arm and shake he hand . jonathan smash day for the start of a adventure , eh , O'Connell ? O'Connell quickly check he pocket . o'connell yeah , sure , smash . he find he wallet and relax . directly above he : on the bow of the barge , burn wipe he bifocal and turn to beni . burn you be sure hamunaptra be out there ? beni along with the scorched bone of my entire garrison , sahib . and that 's when beni spot O'Connell . beni shake he head , as if see a mirage , then start back away from the man . beni a thousand pardon , my good sahib but there be much work to be do . beni quickly scurries off , vanish down into the hold . back down with : Evelyn , recover , she clear she throat . evelyn mister O'Connell , can you look I in the eye , and guarantee I this be not some sort of flimflam ? because if it be , I be warning you -- O'Connell step up close to Evelyn , invade she space look she straight in the eye . Evelyn do not back away . o'connell all I can tell you , miss , be that my Colonel find that map in a ancient fortress , and the whole damn garrison believe in it so much , that without order , we march halfway across Libya and into Egypt to find that city . like I tell ya , all I see be sand . everybody else be wipe out by tuareg warrior . I will take you bag . O'Connell take she bag and head up the gangplank and onto the same passenger barge that beni and the Americans be on . evely n 's eye follow he , a bit wistfully . Jonathan see it . jonathan yes , yes , you be right , filthy , rude , a complete scoundrel , nothing to like there at all . Evelyn give he a look . Jonathan just grin . and that 's when the warden suddenly brushes past , tipping he raggedy hat . warden a bright good morning to all . evelyn what be you do here ? warden I have come to protect my investment , thank you very much . and up the plank he go . Evelyn and Jonathan share a look . we go wide again : as the barge pull out and head down the Nile . we tilt up : to the SUN , which then dissolves into -- ext . river nile - night the moon , shine down on the desert . the three vicious mumia quietly glide a narrow skiff out onto the river . the one with the hook sit in the middle of the skiff , the other two row , head for the passenger barge come they way . ext . the bar at the bow - night Jonathan and the three Americans be play poker . o' connell come out a door carry a gunny -sack . jonathan sit down , O'Connell , sit down , we could use another good player . o'connell I only gamble with my life , never my money . daniel never ? what if I be to wager five hundred dollar say we get to hamunaptra before you ? O'Connell return Daniel 's cocky look . o'connell yer on . burn slip on he dirty bifocal . burn what make you so confident , sir ? o'connell what make you ? Henderson spit a wad of chew into a spittoon . henderson we get we a man who 's actually be there . O'Connell 's poker face drop , perplex . same with Jonathan . jonathan I say , what a coincidence , why -- O'Connell ' accidentally ' hit he in the rib with the gunnysack , shutting he up . Jonathan quickly cover . jonathan -- whose deal be it ? be it my deal ? I think I just deal ? ext . barge - night Evelyn sit on a table , stare out over the pass river . the gunny - sack drop onto the table , startling she . o'connell sorry , do not mean to scare ya . evelyn the only thing that scare I , mister O'Connell , be you manners . o'connell still angry that I kiss ya , huh ? evelyn if you call that a kiss . O'Connell reach into the gunny - sack and start pull out revolver , pistol , hunt knife , a massive elephant gun , and a half dozen carefully wrap stick of dynamite . evelyn do I miss something ? be we go into battle ? o'connell the last time I be at that place everybody I be with die . this take the smile off Evelyn 's face . o' connell start dismantle and clean the gun . o'connell there 's something out there , you know , something under that sand . evelyn yes , I be hope to find a certain artifact , a book , actually , my brother think there 's treasure . what do you think be out there ? O'Connell look into evely n 's eye . o'connell evil . the tuaregs and the bedouin believe that hamunaptra be curse , they call it , " the doorway to hell . " evelyn ahmar be ossirion . " passageway to the underworld " , actually . she give he a know - it - all grin . evelyn I do not believe in fairy tale and hokum , mister O'Connell , but I do believe that one of the most famous book in history be bury out there , the Book of the live . it 's what first interested I in Egypt as a child . it 's why I come here , sort of a life 's pursuit . o'connell and the fact that they say it 's make out of pure gold , make no nevermind to you , right ? Evelyn be surprised by he knowledge . evelyn you know you history . o'connell I know my treasure . Evelyn get up to go , then she hesitates , nervous , she turn back to O'Connell , and as matter - of - fact as possible say : evelyn by the way , ... why do you kiss I ? O'Connell , clean he gun , just shrug he shoulder . o'connell I be about to be hang , seem like a good idea at the time . evely n 's eye widen , furious , she turn and storm off . O'Connell look up , watch she leave , a bit perplex . o'connell what ?... wha would I say ? then he hear someone snickering under the table . he quickly reach down , grab that someone and lift he up . it 's beni . beni my very good friend ! what a surprise . o'connell why if it be not my little buddy , beni . I oughta kill you . O'Connell stick a knife under beni 's throat . beni swallow hard , then try to weasel he way out with a big grin . beni you never be any good with the lady , O'Connell . o'connell so you be the one lead the Americans , I shoulda figure . so what 's the scam ? you get them out in the middle of the desert then leave them to rot ? beni unfortunately no , this Americans be smart , they pay I only half now , half when I get they back to Cairo , so I must go all the way . O'Connell pull the knife away . beni relax , rub he neck . beni you never believe in hamunaptra , O'Connell . why be you go back ? the devil himself life out there . they look as they hear Evelyn yelp . a single camel in the horse paddock take another bite at she . she yelp again and back away . o' connell grin as Evelyn flee down the deck . o'connell the girl save my life , figure it be the least I could do , keep she out of trouble . beni you always do have more ball than brain . O'Connell 's eye narrow at the insult , he look back at beni. o'connell let 's make we even , shall we ? beni even ? O'Connell grab he and chuck he over the side of the barge . beni splashes into the river . o' connell take he gunny - sack and start walk off down the deck . beni ( o.s. ) O'Connell ! I be go to kill you for this ! o'connell sound familiar . and that 's when he spot three sets of wet footprint , come up over the railing from the river and head down the deck . O'Connell quickly look around , immediately on the alert . int . evelyn' cabin - night Evelyn , wear a nightgown , stand in front of a mirror . she give she head a good shake , let she hair fall loose over she bare shoulder . then she turn around , right there be one of the hideous mumia ! it 's hook . he slam he hand over she mouth and lift up he hook , ready to strike . hook where be the map ? Evelyn 's terrify eye glance down . hook look over , see the map lie next to a flicker candle on a nearby table . hook and the key ? where be the key ? evely n 's eye look confuse . she shake she head . hook grin . hook then I will find it myself . he cock he hook , about to kill she . and that 's when the door be kicked OPEN . o' connell burst in , gun in each hand . hook spin Evelyn around and hold she out in front of he . O'Connell look at she . o'connell friend of yours ? evely n 's eye widen . and that 's when the candle on the table flicker . everything happen at once , read fast : O'Connell spin around just as a window burst OPEN . a mumia lean in . fire a gun . woodchip blast off the wall next to O'Connell 's head . he return FIRE . kill the mumia . the mumia fall back . firing blindly . a lantern in the room be blasted . kerosene splashes across the wall . burst into flame . Evelyn grab the candle on the table and jam it back over she shoulder , right into hook 's eye . he screech in pain and let she go . O'Connell grab she and yank she out of the flaming room . hallway - night O'Connell pull Evelyn down the hall , she try to jerk free . evelyn the map ! we need the map ! he shove she up against a wall . o'connell relax ! I be the map ! ( tap he forehead ) it 's all up here . evelyn oh that 's comforting . O'Connell give she a look , then pull she forward . o'connell c'mon , there 's still one more of that guy around here somewhere . evelyn' flaming room - night hot melt wax cover hook 's face as he hold he sore eye and struggle to the door . then he notice the key / box on the floor . he bend over to pick it up . and that 's when the door be kicked OPEN again , it hit he in the ass and knock he into the fire . Jonathan lean in . see nothing but flame . jonathan evy !! then he see the key / box on the floor and pick it up . a hand suddenly snatch the key / box away from he . jonathan hey that 's mine -- it 's hook . his backside be now on FIRE . he lift he pistol . Jonathan quickly backpedal out the door as hook open FIRE . ext . camel paddock - night O'Connell and Evelyn race out onto the deck near the horse paddock . people be scream and shout , lot of panic . blam ! a chunk of the wall be blown off next to Evelyn 's head . O'Connell pivot and fire back . it 's the last mumia , on the other side of the paddock . he and O'Connell exchange gunfire . another lantern burst into flame . o' connell shoot off the paddock lock . the horse go nut . o' connell fire over they head . they charge forward and crash through the door . the mumia scream as the horse stampede over he . flame sweep up the wall and race across the roof . half the barge be now on FIRE . o' connell throw the gunny - sack over he shoulder . o'connell can you swim ? evelyn well of course I can swim , if the occasion call for it . o'connell trust I . he pick she up and throw she over the side . o'connell the occasion call for it . Evelyn splashes into the water . o' connell dive in after she . ext . barge bow - night Jonathan run out onto the bow , see the three Americans , gun in every hand , fan they pistol , shoot everything in sight . Jonathan just shake he head . jonathan Americans . hook suddenly stumble up behind he , -- now a flaming torch . Jonathan turn around , hook grab he by the throat with he flaming arm and pin he to the cabin wall . Jonathan 's eye widen as he see a hook rise up inside the flame about to strike he . the Americans pivot and OPEN FIRE . blow hook over the railing . Jonathan turn to the Americans and smile . jonathan I say ! good show ! then he point he thumb at himself jonathan and do I panic ? he lift up he other hand , -- he have the key / box back . jonathan I think not . and that 's when the horse stampede onto the bow . Jonathan dive over one side , the three Americans dive over the other . nile riverbank - night O'Connell , Evelyn , Jonathan and the warden wade out of the water . Evelyn 's nightgown cling tight to she body as she wring it out . she look good . o' connell notice . everybody else , include the horse , be get out on the far shore O'Connell spot beni run up to the Americans . beni hey O'Connell ! look to I like I get all the horse ! o'connell hey beni ! look to I like you on the wrong side of the river ! beni look up at the star , then angrily kick the sand cursing . the flaming barge drift off , slowly sink ... bedouin trading post - day O'Connell barter in arabic with a camel trader at a trading post . Jonathan fork over some cash . the Trader hand they the rein of four ugly old camel . jonathan I can not believe the price of this fleabag . o'connell we coulda have them for free , all we have to do be give them you sister . jonathan yes , awfully tempting , be not it ? o'connell awfully . and that 's when Evelyn step out of a trading tent . she 's change into a gorgeous , tightly fitte , bedouin dress . o'connell then again ... sahara desert sand dune - day O'Connell , Evelyn , Jonathan and the warden be on camel in the middle of the fry pan ; the endless , sunbake sahara . jonathan never do like camel . filthy bugger . they smell , they bite , they spit . disgusting . the warden savagely attack a chicken wing with he vile green tooth . fly buzz around he head . he suck at he gum , then spit out some gristle . o' connell watch he . o'connell yeah , disgusting . Evelyn be have the time of she life on top of she camel . evelyn well I think they be cute . we do several time dissolves : show the majesty of the desert , and we heroes get deeper and deeper into it . frying pan - night the moon shine down a four lone camel rider 's trekk across the vast wasteland . Jonathan be sound asleep , he head bob comically to the rhythm of he camel . on the camel next to he , the warden snore loudly . up in front of they , Evelyn slowly start to slide off she saddle . o' connell reach over and stop she , then gently push she back up onto she saddle , never waking she . for a long moment , he eye watch Evelyn , and then he look up at a distant ridge -- -- where ardeth Ray and a group of mumia rider be pace they . ext . giant sand dune - endless horizon - day the dawn sun have not yet crest the distant horizon as Jonathan and the warden ride alongside a giant sand dune . jonathan and you snore ! warden I do not snore ! jonathan all night you snore ! warden I have never snore ! up in front of they , O'Connell look at Evelyn . o'connell we be almost there . evelyn be you sure ? O'Connell look down at the ground . o'connell pretty sure . the other look down and see dozen of skeleton stick out of the ground . bleached and eat away . some of the skeleton look like they be try to crawl up out of the desert floor . jonathan what in bloody hell be this ? the warden shiver in fear . warden other seeker of hamunaptra . the american expedition ride out from behind the far end of the dune . the Americans be accompany by two dozen native digger and a arab egyptologist . beni ride lead on a camel , the rest ride horse . beni good morning , my friend ! O'Connell just nod . the two party come to a stop a hundred foot apart . o' connell turn and stare out across the endless horizon . beni do likewise . the Americans look puzzle . daniel well , what the hell we doin' ? beni patience , my good sahib , patience . Henderson look over at O'Connell . henderson first one to the city , O'Connell ! five hundred ! Cash buck ! O'Connell and beni just stare out at the flat nothingness . Evelyn and Jonathan share a look . and then , the SUN start to rise in the distance , break the flat horizon . o'connell get ready . Evelyn can feel the suspense and the majesty of the moment . evelyn for what ? o'connell we be about to be show the way . Far off to the right , a huge shape begin to rise with the sun . a volcano . o' connell and beni watch it , expressionless . Daniels , Henderson and burn share a look , and then -- daniel / henderson / burn heya ! the Americans take off . Racing towards the rise volcano . daniel see ya there , o'connell ! Evelyn and Jonathan give O'Connell anxious , sarcastic look . jonathan ah , begging you pardon , but should not we be go ? evelyn after all , you ride we night and day to win that bet . O'Connell do not say a word , stare hard . beni watch the Americans and spit into the sand . beni fool . and then suddenly , the volcano shift across the horizon . pass across the sun as it go . it 's a mirage . the Americans crash they horse to a stop and race the other way , after the volcano . Evelyn and Jonathan smile , amaze . the volcano shift again , float across the watery horizon . the Americans crash to a stop again and chase after the volcano . all three of they confuse and cursing . o' connell and beni just stare , wait . the volcano shift again . and the Americans crash to a stop again . burn be thrown from he horse . Henderson angrily rip he hat off and chuck it to the ground . Daniels just curse as they give up the chase . the volcano come to a stop on the far leave of the horizon . the Americans be on the far right . nothing move . a beat . and then O'Connell grin . so do beni . they share a look . and then swat they camel and race away . everybody else haul - ass after they . o' connell and beni be neck - and - neck . and then Evelyn come gallop up , hair fly in the wind . beni take out he camel whip and start whipping O'Connell . try to knock he off he camel . once . crack ! twice . crack ! but on the third try O'Connell grab the whip and jerk beni off he camel . beni slam to the ground and tumble . Evelyn and O'Connell race across the desert . Evelyn have never feel so alive . she laugh . o' connell grin ; he like this girl . beni stumble to he foot , then quickly dance out of the way as Jonathan and all the other rider stampede past he . Evelyn beat O'Connell to the stone ramp , racing hard . o'connell Evelyn ! slow down ! Evelyn ignore he as she race up the ramp towards the gate . o'connell slow down , evelyn ! slow down ! there be a really big -- int . hamunaptra - day Evelyn go ass -over - teacup through the air and crash land in a sand dune . she sit up , stunne , sandy hair in she eye . O'Connell stop at the edge of the ramp next to she camel . o'connell never mind . the Americans ride up and look in wonder at the ruin inside the volcano . o' connell give they a big , shit -eate grin . o'connell you boy owe I five hundred dollar . ext . hamunaptra - day under the guidance of the egyptologist , the digger be busy haul rock and dirt out of the Temple doorway . the three Americans be play poker . beni smoke a hookah and swat fly . dozen of stray camel roam the decrepit city ; dusty backpack and old saddlebags still sling over they hump . daniel where would all this camel come from ? beni they belong to the dead . they will wait year for they master to return before leave . ext . our heroe dig - day O'Connell , Evelyn , Jonathan and the warden be work next to a narrow crevice , which weave it 's way through the ruin . O'Connell tie a rope around a pillar and throw the rest of the coil into the crevice , about to rappel down . Jonathan bend over to have a look , he ass hit something , he yelp and back away . it 's the decrepit face of anubis . jonathan that thing give I the creep . o'connell be nice . that thing save my life . Evelyn be positioning ancient mirror along the crevice . evelyn that " thing " get I excited . o'connell ( sarcastic ) the thing that get you excited . evelyn accord to bembridge Scholars , inside the statue of anubis be a secret compartment , perhaps contain the Book of the live . o'connell what be that mirror for ? evelyn ancient egyptian trick . you will see . O'Connell shrug , then rappel down into the crevice . int . embalmer's chamber - day O'Connell wave a torch as Jonathan , Evelyn and the warden drop down next to he . Evelyn peer into the spooky darkness . evelyn do you realize , we be stand inside a room that no one have enter in over four thousand year . warden who care ? I do not see no treasure . o'connell you be welcome to my share of the spider web . jonathan and it stink to high heaven in here . Evelyn just roll she eye . evelyn cretins . Jonathan sniff the foul air , then he look at the warden and realize where the smell be come from . he stop sniff . Evelyn brushes cobweb away from a metal disk on the wall , then reposition it on it 's pedestal , aim it at a ray of light shine in from the outer mirror . -- the ray of light hit the disk and quickly shoot around the room from one disk to another until the whole chamber be lit up . light ray shoot off down the passageway . it 's the embalmer 's chamber . o'connell that be a neat trick . evelyn oh my god , it 's a preparation room . o'connell preparation for what ? evelyn for enter the afterlife . O'Connell quickly draw he gun . Jonathan gently nudge he . jonathan mummy , my good son , this be where they make the mummy . Evelyn head down a narrow passageway . the other follow . int . labyrinth - day O'Connell , Evelyn and Jonathan crouch as they make they way through a narrow , cobweb infested labyrinth . the short , squat warden can stand straight up . then they hear something and freeze . it sound like somebody be claw inside the wall . they share look . then slowly move forward . get darker and darker as they go . the strange sound get louder and louder . and then it stop . Evelyn hold she breath . Jonathan lick he lip . o' connell cock he pistol . the warden fart . O'Connell , Jonathan and Evelyn glare at he . anubis ' chamber - day they slowly creep out of the labyrinth and up to the foot of a enormous half - bury statue . the lower half of anubis . then they hear the sound again , come closer now , from the other side of the statue . and closer . o' connell pull Evelyn behind he . and closer . o' connell raise he gun . and closer ! O'Connell leap out . -- three horrible sweaty face lunge at he . o' connell react . but do not pull the trigger because it 's just the Americans , they gun be up , cocked and aim . henderson ya scared the bejeezus out of we , O'Connell . o'connell likewise . but nobody lower they gun . Daniels grin , the tough one . daniel this here be we statue , ... friend . o'connell do not see you name on it , ... pal . and that 's when beni , five digger and the egyptologist step out of the shadow , -- all hold gun aim at O'Connell . beni ten to one , O'Connell , you odd be no-so-good . o'connell I have have worse . Jonathan clenches a tiny derringer . jonathan yes , I too . O'Connell give he a sideways glance . beni cock he gun , grin , he want it to happen . the tension thicken . then Evelyn gently take O'Connell 's gun hand and pull it down . evelyn let 's be nice , child , if we be go to play together , we must learn to share . Evelyn pull O'Connell away . Jonathan and the warden follow . beni and the Americans slowly lower they gun , laugh . the egyptologist excitedly begin translate the hieroglyphs . int . imhotep's chamber - day O'Connell and Jonathan be use sledge- hammer against the ceiling . Evelyn be gently chipping away with a tiny chisel . evelyn accord to my calculation , we should be right under the statue . we will come up right between he leg . ( she blushes and laugh ) oh my . jonathan and when that dirty yank go to sleep -- ( look at O'Connell ) no offense . o'connell none take . jonathan we will sneak up and steal that book right out from under they . o'connell and you be sure you can find the secret compartment ? evelyn yes , if they egyptologist have not already find it . Jonathan look around . jonathan I say , what 's we smelly little friend get himself up to ? int . scarab chamber - day the warden crawl into a dark chamber and light a torch . a mural wall come alive . embed into it be dozen of black amethyst scarab ; glitter image of the sacred beetle . awestruck , the warden pull out a pocket knife and start pry away at one of the precious bug . int . anubis ' chamber - day beni and the Americans hover around the egyptologist , who 's find the secret compartment inside anubis . the egyptologist brushes sand away from the seam . Henderson step forward and grab the seam , -- the egyptologist quickly stop he . egyptologist seti be no fool . Henderson see the intense look in the egyptologist 's eye henderson yeah , sure ... he look back at the native digger . henderson we will let he open it . the egyptologist nod , then yell in egyptian at the digger . the digger hesitate , fill with fear . Daniels pull out he gun , aim it at three of the digger . the three digger hesitantly step forward with crowbar and stick they into the seam . the other digger back away , scared shitless . beni and the Americans exchange look , and then they back away as well . int . imhotep's chamber - day Three heroes be still digging into the ceiling o'connell lemme get this straight , they stick a sharp , red hot poker up you nose , cut you brain into small piece , then rip it all out through you nostril ? jonathan owch ! that 's really get to hurt . evelyn it 's call mummification . you be dead when they do this jonathan still ... o'connell yeah , that would bring you back to life . evelyn you two be worse than a couple of schoolboy . and that 's when a huge chunk of the roof suddenly give out . O'Connell grab Evelyn and jerk she clear . Jonathan dive for the far wall . a massive stone casement drop out of the ceiling and crash to the floor . dust fly . fill the room . int . anubis ' chamber have hear the crash , beni and the Americans have they gun point at the floor . the egyptologist could care less , he look at the digger , grip they crowbar , and yell -- egyptologist feni ! the three digger pull hard . the ancient seam start to give , the egyptologist yell again . the digger pull harder . the compartment start to loosen . again he yell . the digger give one final pull and -- -- a intense burst of liquid sprays out of the seam . hit the three digger . melt there skin clean off . they scream . dying horribly . half skeletal by the time they hit the ground ... int . imhotep's chamber - day the dust be start to clear . O'Connell , Evelyn and Jonathan slowly get up and step over to the massive stone casement . we immediately recognize it as imhotep's sarcophagus . evelyn oh my god , ... it look like , it look like a sarcophagus . o'connell why would they bury somebody in the ceiling ? evelyn they do not , they bury he at the foot of anubis . he be either someone of great importance . or he do something very naughty . int . scarab chamber - day the warden drop a amethyst -scarab into he pouch , then greedily start pry away at another . it rip off , he drop it into he pouch , -- only he miss , and this scarab quietly fall to the sandy floor without the warden notice . close on : the scarab on the floor . it begin to transform . the amethyst start to glow . something inside start to wiggle ; as if the amethyst be some sort of strange cocoon . then it split open and a real live hideous scarab beetle scurries out . it race over to the warden 's shoe , quickly burrow into the leather and vanish inside . the warden 's eye fly OPEN . he start to scream , drop he knife and frantically start claw away at he pant leg , higher and higher until he rip open he shirt revealing a large , hideous lump , burrowing under he skin . it burrow it's way up he fat belly and across he hairy chest . the warden claw and scratch at it , try to stop it . the lump burrow up he neck . the warden start gagging and coughing . and then the scarab-lump vanish into he head . int . imhotep's chamber - day we heroes clear the dirt off the top of the sarcophagus , revealing a single , ominous hieroglyph . Evelyn stare at it Jonathan impatiently strum he finger across the lid . jonathan well ?... who be it ? Evelyn stare at the hieroglyph , confuse and concerned . evelyn ' he that shall not be name . ' O'Connell dust off the huge lock o'connell there 's some sort of lock here . you say this thing 's be make of granite with a steel interior ? evelyn quarried granite with a cobalt lining . jonathan whoever 's in here , sure be not get out . o'connell no kiddin ' , without a key , it will take we a month to crack this thing , evelyn a key ! that 's it ! that 's what he be talk about . o'connell who be talk about what ? Evelyn start rummage through the pack on Jonathan 's back . evelyn the man on the barge . the one with the hook , he be look for a key . Evelyn pull out the key / box . Jonathan try to take it back . jonathan hey that 's mine ! Evelyn slap he hand and quickly unfold the box , -- it 's now shape exactly like the lock's keyhole . Evelyn smile . and that 's when they hear the warden 's scream echoing through the labyrinth . all three of they turn and take - off run . int . labyrinth - day the warden be scream and dance insanely around the labyrinth , totally freak from the extreme pain in he head . O'Connell , Evelyn and Jonathan run up just as the warden start ripping he own hair out of he head . o' connell and Jonathan grab at the warden 's hand , but he 's far too craze , he shove they aside , run full bore down the length of the labyrinth and slam he head straight into a rock wall . the warden drop to the ground . Dead as lead . eye wide open . O'Connell , Evelyn and Jonathan just stand there stare , breathe hard , wide - eye themselves ... ext . base camp - night Evelyn and Jonathan be nuzzle up to a campfire . evelyn what do you suppose kill he ? jonathan do you ever see he eat ? O'Connell come up over some rock . o'connell seem the Americans have a little misadventure of they own today , three of they digger be kill . evelyn how ? o'connell Salt acid . pressurized salt acid . some sort of ancient booby - trap . jonathan maybe this place really be curse . a gust of wind blow through the camp . the campfire flicker O'Connell and Jonathan share a nervous look . Evelyn laugh . evelyn you two ! o'connell you do not believe in curse , huh ? evelyn no . I believe if I can see it and I can touch it , then it 's real . that 's what I believe . O'Connell cock he rifle , ka-chank ! give she a big grin . o'connell I believe in be prepare . Jonathan open the warden 's pouch , the one that hold the scarab . he reach in , start scroung around . we slowly push in . wait for the attack . the music build . and then , -- Jonathan scream in pain and rip he hand back out of the pouch . o' connell and Evelyn both jump . o'connell / evelyn what ?! what be it ?! Jonathan suck he finger , then reach back into the pouch and pull out a liquor bottle , the top have be chip off . jonathan seagram ! Jonathan smile at the bottle , then turn the pouch inside out and shake it , nothing but sand be inside it . jonathan well , he may have be a stinky fellow , ... but he have good taste . Jonathan take a swig . o' connell and Evelyn laugh , guiltily and then O'Connell suddenly kneel down and stick he ear to the sand . Evelyn and Jonathan watch he . a beat . and then a barage of gunfire be heard come from the american camp . O'Connell jump up and throw the elephant gun to Evelyn . o'connell stay here ! he take off run through the ruin . Evelyn immediately get up and run after he . Jonathan grab a gun , hold the bottle of seagram ; tight and dash after she . jonathan evy ! Excuse I ! but do not the man just say -- ! ext . american camp - night the american camp be under siege . two dozen mumia rider gallop through . firing rifle . several digger be kill as they run . the Americans leap out of they tent firing . kill multiple rider . Daniels be shot , spin and fall , keep shoot . Henderson and burn run to he aid , blasting away . O'Connell race through the ruin and slam right into beni , who be obviously try to high - tail - it out of there . o'connell goin ' somewhere ? beni just look for you , O'Connell ! I want to be with my friend ! O'Connell drag he back towards the american camp . o'connell c'mon , friend . beni ( struggle ) why do you like to fight so much ? o'connell ' Cause I look good doin , it . ardeth Ray gallop through the camp , cut digger down with he scimitar . o' connell run up on top of some rock , leap out and tackle he off he horse . the two man slam to the ground . o' connell spin up onto one knee and fire , point blank . blow the scimitar out of ardeth Ray 's hand . o' connell be about to shoot again when a horse ride up between they . a scimitar swoops down , almost take O'Connell 's head off , miss he by a inch . o' connell leap up and blow the Rider off he mount . the horse bolt . -- but ardeth Ray be go . Evelyn hide behind some rock , watch the scene , suddenly , she hear something come up behind she and spin around . a vicious tattooe mumia Rider race at she . Evelyn quickly backpedal over the rock , terrify . the mumia Rider raise he scimitar , about to strike . Evelyn scream , trip over a rock and fire the elephant gun , -- blam ! blow the Rider off he mount and catapult he twenty foot back into some ruin . at the same time , the kick blow Evelyn off she foot and over a ridge . she flail through the air and land in a sand dune . Jonathan and some digger be hold they own near the temple door . four rider come charging right at they . Jonathan take a swig off the seagram . jonathan let them have it , boy ! Jonathan and the digger OPEN FIRE . when the smoke clear , the rider be either dead or go . Jonathan grin . jonathan I say , bloody good show . and then several more mumia leap off the temple and land behind they . Jonathan and the remain digger spin around and suddenly find themselves in hand - to-hand combat . O'Connell be quickly load he pistol . he hear something thundering up behind he . he spin around just as ardeth Ray on a horse swing he scimitar . o' connell instinctively raise he hand to protect he face , the scimitar strike ! Hit he gun , -- ching ! O'Connell 's gun flip away . disarm , O'Connell dive and roll and suddenly come up with a stick of dynamite in he hand . he shove the fuse into a fire . it ignite . he face ardeth Ray , tower above he . the two man lock eye . the fuse continue to burn down . ardeth Ray point he scimitar at O'Connell 's head . ardeth ray leave this place !... leave this place or die ! ardeth Ray gallop off . the remain mumia rider race after he , vanish into the night . o' connell watch they leave , then turn to the burn fuse , ... and blow it out . Evelyn stagger up , look very shake . o' connell gently take she and hold she close . o'connell you alright ? Evelyn look up into he strong eye . it 's the first time he 's show genuine concern for she . and she like it . he 's also hold she a little too close . and she like that too . evelyn yes , ... fine , ... thank you . beni crawl out from under some pillar as Henderson and burn help Daniels to he foot . daniel see ! that prove it ! Old seti 's fortune 's gotta be under this sand ! henderson for they to protect it like this , you just know there 's get to be treasure down there . O'Connell look up into the surround ridge , unsatisfy . o'connell this man be a desert people . they value water , not gold . Evelyn look at O'Connell , suddenly very worried . evelyn where 's Jonathan ? ext . base camp - night Jonathan fall into frame . Hit the ground . eye wide open . mouth agape . clearly dead . a beat . and then he eye close and he mouth widen into a goofy smile . shit -face drunk . O'Connell and Evelyn laugh , both half - in- the-bag themselves , the bottle of seagram be almost go . o' connell offer the bottle to Evelyn , she wave it away , slurring badly -- evelyn unlike my brother , sir , I know when to say no . O'Connell polish off the bottle and chuck it away . o'connell unlike you brother , miss , you I do not get . you be a whole new brew . evelyn I know , you be wonder , what 's a place like I do in a girl like this ? o'connell something like that . evelyn Egypt be in my blood . my father be a famous explorer , he love Egypt so much that he marry a egyptian . my mother ! who be quite a adventurer herself o'connell okay , I get you father , I get you mother and I get you brother , but what be you do here ? Evelyn be insulted , she stagger to she foot . evelyn I may not be a explorer , or a adventurer , or a treasure hunter , or a gunfighter ! mister O'Connell but I be proud of what I be . o'connell and what be that ? Evelyn plop back down beside he , really drunk , she grin and proudly lift she head high . evelyn ... I be a librarian ! she lean in , very close to he face , look he in the eye , evelyn I be go to kiss you , mister O'Connell . o'connell no you be not . evelyn I be not ? o'connell not unless you call I Rick . evelyn why would I do that ? o'connell because that 's my name . she give he a goofy smile . he lean forward and kiss her . evely n 's eye slowly close . and then she pass out , slumping into he arm . o' connell look down at she , and just smile . int . imhotep's chamber - day Evelyn 's hand slip the key into the sarcophagus , lock and turn it . a series of strange mechanical -like sound be hear , and then the sarcophagus unlock with a giant hiss . O'Connell , Evelyn and Jonathan all look very , very hungover . they start to slide the heavy lid off the sarcophagus . pushing , shove and groaning , the lid budging , inch by inch . evelyn I can not believe I allow the two of you to get I drunk . jonathan do not blame I , I do not even remember be there . evelyn well neither do I , thank you . O'Connell give she a hurt look . o'connell you do not ? Evelyn give O'Connell a nervous look . evelyn no ... why ?... should I ? o'connell gee , yeah , you tell I it be the best time you ever have . O'Connell give she a big cheesy smile . Evelyn 's face drop , appal and embarrassed . and that 's when the lid fall off and loudly crash to the ground . all three of they instantly grab they sore head and moan . int . anubis ' chamber - day several fear-filled , sweaty - face digger reach into the secret compartment . Henderson and burn hold gun on they . Daniels have he arm in a sling . the digger slowly pull out the ornate chest . they set the chest down on the sandy floor . beni watch as the egyptologist translate the hieratics . egyptologist there be a curse upon this chest . daniel curse my ass . henderson yeah , who care . the egyptologist give they the evil - eye egyptologist in this hallow grounds , that which be set forth in ancient time , be as strong today , as it be then . henderson yeah , yeah , okay , what 's it -- the egyptologist slowly and carefully read the inscription : egyptologist " death will come on swift wing to whomever open this chest " . a gust of wind blow through the chamber . torch flicker all the digger suddenly turn tail and run off scream . the Americans look at each other , suddenly very nervous . egyptologist it say , there be one , the undead , who if bring back to life , be bound by sacred law to consummate this curse . henderson yeah , well , let 's just make sure we do not bring anybody back from the dead then , huh ? the three Americans laugh . egyptologist he will kill all who open this chest , ... and assimilate they organ and fluid . daniel assimilate they organ and fluid ? ya mean eat them ? egyptologist and in so do he will regenerate . and no longer be the undead , but a plague upon this earth . the wind whistle . torch flicker . very spooky . beni and the egyptologist share a fear- fill look . Henderson just shrug . henderson ah hell , let 's open it anyways . int . imhotep's chamber - day wham ! imhotep 's wooden coffin be dropped to the ground next to he stone sarcophagus . Evelyn be very excited . evelyn oh my god , I have dream about this ever since I be a little girl . o'connell you dream about dead guy ? Evelyn just give he a look , then start brush dirt and cobweb off the top of the coffin . then she freeze . evelyn look , all the sacred spell have be chisele off . the hieratics and hieroglyphs that protect the decease on he journey into the afterlife , they have be remove . this man be curse , ... doom . O'Connell and Jonathan be too excited to care . o'connell tough break . jonathan yes , I be all tear , now let 's see who 's inside , shall we ? Evelyn can not believe this guy . Jonathan insert the key / box into the coffin 's lock . turn it . the lid crack open with a hiss . they all react to the foul stench . then O'Connell grab the lid . it 's stick . he pull with all he might . Jonathan help he . it start to give way . slowly . slowly . slooooowly . and then it suddenly pop OPEN and the most hideous , maggot infested , rotten corpse imaginable jump up ! o'connell / evelyn / jonathan ahhhhh !!! they all jump back . scare to death . imhotep be now the ' elephant man ' of corpse ; twisted and deform . the year have not be kind . he slump back into he coffin . int . anubis ' chamber - day Henderson and Daniels start to pry at the lid of the wooden chest . beni and the egyptologist watch . in the background , beni start back away , fill with fear , sweat bucket . beni the curse , ... beware the curse ! beni turn and bolt from the chamber . Daniels spit . daniel stupid superstitious bastard . and that 's when the seal break , -- a black vapor blast out of the chest . everybody vanish into the strange cloud . int . imhotep's chamber - day O'Connell , Evelyn and Jonathan slowly creep forward and carefully look back inside imhotep 's coffin , creepe - out . o'connell be he suppose to look like that ? evelyn no . I have never see a mummy look like this . he 's , he 's still ... jonathan juicy ? evelyn yes . he 's more than four thousand year old and still decompose . o'connell and look at this . O'Connell point at the inside of the coffin lid , where there be fingernail scratch and dried blood all over the inside . evelyn oh my god , he be bury alive . this send a chill through everyone . Evelyn lean in closer . evelyn and he leave a message . we push in on a grouping of hieratics written in blood . evelyn it say : ' death be only the beginning . ' Jonathan shiver . o' connell look around . o'connell where 's my gun ? jonathan what be you go to do ? shoot he ? o'connell if he decide to wake up , hell yes ! int . anubis ' chamber - day the vapor be settling . the Americans have they gun aim at the chest . the egyptologist slowly step up , reach inside , and lift out a heavy burlap bag . everyone 's eye widen in excitement as he stick he hand into the bag and slowly pull out the black book of the dead , the same book imhotep use in he attempt to bring anck -su - namun back to life . egyptologist I have hear tell of this book , but I never truly believe it exist . this , good gentleman , be a most priceless treasure . Henderson kick the sandy floor in anger . henderson I would not trade ya for a brass spittoon ! daniel yeah ! it 's suppose to be make outta pure gold ! Daniels kick the chest . it break open , unfold to reveal a lower compartment . Inside , be anck -su - namun 's five jewel encrusted canopic jar ( one be shattered and without jewel ) ext . base camp - night the two camp have now join together . o' connell and beni be roasting chunks of hairy meat over a fire . Jonathan wrinkle he nose , disgust by the smell . jonathan what be this stuff ? it smell like we late friend , the warden . O'Connell and beni both grin . Jonathan look horrify . jonathan you do not !?... we be not !? o'connell Rat gizzard . they smell bad and taste worse , but that 's the best the desert have to offer . the gloat Americans sit down , fondle they jewele jar . henderson say O'Connell , whadaya think this honey 's will fetch back home ? burn we hear you gentleman find yerselve a nice gooey mummy . congratulation . daniel ya know if ya dry he out , you can sell he for firewood . the Americans laugh . Evelyn walk up , sit down and drop a pile of big dusty bug skeleton onto the ground . evelyn scarab , flesh eater , I find they inside we friend 's coffin . they can stay alive for year live off the flesh of a corpse , or in this case ... she shrug , then look at the roasting meat evelyn famish . O'Connell and Jonathan stare at the bug skeleton , disgust . o'connell be you say somebody throw this thing in with we guy , and they slowly eat he alive ? evelyn very slowly . jonathan he certainly be not a popular fellow when they plant he . o'connell must of get a little too frisky with the pharaoh 's daughter . evelyn accord to my reading , we friend suffer the hom - dai , the worst of all ancient egyptian curse , one reserve for only the most evil blasphemer . in all of my research , I have never read of this curse actually have be perform . o'connell that bad huh ? evelyn yes , they never use it because they fear it so . it 's write , that if a victim of the hom - dai should ever arise , he would bring with he the ten plague of Egypt . o'connell the ten plague ?... you mean all ten plague . beni like what that mose guy do to that pharaoh guy ? evelyn that 's one way of put it . jonathan let 's see , there be frog , fly , locust ... burn hail and fire . henderson the sun turn black . daniel Water turn to blood . jonathan and my personal favorite : people cover in boil and sore . all the man share nervous look , really spook . Evelyn just laugh at they , then pull a meat stick out of the fire . evelyn fry gizzard anyone ? ext . camp - later that night have just freshen up for bed , Evelyn exit the temple and step past the sleep digger . she spot the egyptologist , he jewele canopic jar snug under one arm , the Book of the Dead lay loose under the other . Evelyn stare at the Book , nervously bite she lip , then she sneak over , carefully steal it , and quickly tip -toe away . lying on some blanket by the campfire , O'Connell roll over and see Evelyn , sit wide - eye , stare at the Book . o'connell you sure you outta be playin , around with that ? evelyn it 's just a book , no harm ever come from a book . Evelyn open the cover . the FIRE flicker . she and O'Connell share a nervous look , then Evelyn shrug and start read . evelyn ahm kum ra . ahm kum dei. Evelyn continue reading the book aloud in ancient egyptian . int . imhotep's chamber - night Evelyn 's voice be overlaid as we start wide on imhotep 's chamber and slowly push in on he sarcophagus . we push in over the lip of the coffin , then closer and closer towards imhotep 's rotten , twisted head , until he putrid face fill frame , -- and then suddenly he crusty eyelid pop OPEN ! revealing empty socket . -- big scary music sting . ext . base camp - night the egyptologist sit bolt upright . quickly look around , see Evelyn read the Book . he get up and run for she . egyptologist no ! noooo ! you must not ! he skid to a stop as a strange , pierce whine be hear , come from out in the desert . o' connell and the other all leap to they foot . the Americans run out of they tent . the SOUND get louder and closer . and then from out of the darkness a huge wall of locust swirl into camp and envelop everyone . o' connell grab Evelyn , and with Jonathan at they side they race for the crevice , try to fend off the horrid vermin as they go . beni and the Americans run for the temple . the egyptologist be cover in locust . he stare at the Book of the Dead , look haunt . egyptologist what have we do ? the campfire be sucked up into the AIR int . labyrinth corridor - night O'Connell , Evelyn and Jonathan race down the labyrinth , slapping at themselves and pick locust out of they hair jonathan do you see that !? grasshopper ! billion of grasshopper ! o'connell that 's one of the plague , right ? the grasshopper plague ! evelyn this be not a plague . it 's generational . every so many year the locust of Egypt have a population explosion and they all take flight . Evelyn step forward , something squish . o' connell lower he torch , -- the entire floor be filled with slimy frog . o'connell okay , ... and what about frog ? int . labyrinth passageway - night the Americans , beni and the digger race into a passageway . burn be knock down , he bifocal skitter across the ground , they get crushed in the stampede . burn stagger to he foot , squinting . blurry figure vanish into the darkness , burn Daniels ! Henderson ! int . labyrinth corridor - night the ground under O'Connell , Evelyn and Jonathan start to shake . then suddenly , right in front of they , -- hundred of chitter scarab beetle boil up out of the sand . start scurrying towards they . Evelyn scream . Jonathan scream . even O'Connell almost scream . they turn around and haul ass . int . passageway - night burn stagger down a passageway , squinting , he hand out in front of he , grop , try not to bump into anything . then ten foot in front of he , a dark , blurry figure step out . burn Daniels ?... be that you ? burn half - blindly stagger forward . the figure do not move . burn Henderson ? burn trip , stumble forward , towards the figure , he hand reach out and sink into imhotep's putrid chest cavity . burn jump like a scald cat , pull he hand out and look at they , -- he hand be cover in molten flesh rot . he start to scream . a skeletal hand clamp over he mouth . labyrinth staircase - night O'Connell , Evelyn and Jonathan race up the staircase , just ahead of the mass of scurry , chitter scarab . O'Connell leap out onto a pedestal . Jonathan jump up next to he . Evelyn jump up into a grotto on the other side of the narrow stairway . the horrible herd of vicious scarab scurries between they , they ear- pierce chiteer send shiver up Evelyn 's spine . she lean back . the wall move . Evelyn fall backwards through a open . o' connell and Jonathan watch the scarab vanish up the staircase . then they look across the way . Evelyn be go . jonathan evy !? scarab chamber - night Evelyn sit up , shake the sand out of she hair , fearfully look around . it 's almost pitch black . she get up and feel she way along the dark wall . she round a corner . a shaft of moonlight filter in through a crack in the ceiling . a man stand in the middle of the room . Evelyn walk towards he . evelyn oh thank goodness , you be one of the Americans , be not you ? just as she reach he he turn around . it 's burn . both of he eye be missing . he stare at she with vacant socket . Evelyn scream in horror and back away , hyperventilate , she bump into something . she scream again and spin around it 's imhotep . with two fresh eyeballs in he socket . Evelyn scream again and back away into a wall . her hair be down , she face be dirty and sweaty , she blouse be rip , she dress be tear , she 's never look sexier . imhotep squint . imhotep anck-su-namun ? labyrinth staircase - night O'Connell be feel he way around inside the grotto o'connell damn-it ! must be a trap door around here or somethin' . and then they heat men scream , and suddenly , Henderson , Daniels and one of the digger come run down the stair . henderson run , you son -a-bitch ! ruuuun ! O'Connell and Jonathan join they as they hear the herd of chitter scarab come they way . the digger suddenly trip and fall . o' connell slow down , about to go back and help he . but it 's too late . the digger scream in horror as the herd of scarab run over he , eat straight through he , leave behind the digger 's half eat skeleton . Daniels Henderson and Jonathan react in horror . O'Connell 's already run , race right past they . the other turn and haul ass . scarab chamber - night imhotep step forward , -- the sand around he seem to magnetize , swirl and dance around he flaking skeletal leg . Evelyn start back away , horrify , look at burn evelyn help I , ... please , ... help I . burn open he mouth , but can only gurgle and moan because he tongue be missing . imhotep grab he , throw he to the ground and set he skeletal foot on burn ' chest , like a big game hunter stand on he kill . imhotep then part he fetid lip , -- a fresh tongue flap between he rotted teeth . imhotep kadeesh pharos anck-su-namun ! Evelyn shiver in fear . suddenly , O'Connell come fly around the corner and run right up to she . o'connell would you quit playin , around ! let 's get outta here already ! O'Connell see the look in she eye and turn around , -- at the sight of imhotep , O'Connell jump back in fright . o'connell whoa ! O'Connell and Evelyn start back away down the wall . imhotep glide sideways with they , like a tiger cornere he prey , the sand around he swirl and dance . burn start to crawl away , whimper as he go . imhotep suddenly stop and unhinges he skeletal jaw , he skinless mouth stretch to a inhuman size , and he let out a horrific , primordial shriek . imhotep anck-su - namuuuuun !!!! Evelyn scream . o' connell shudder , then , embarrassed by he fear , he open he own mouth and roar right back at he -- o'connell ahhhhhhhh !! then blast he with the elephant gun , --blam ! through the smoke and flammage we see imhotep blow off he foot , he ribcage half tear away . o' connell grab Evelyn and run . ext . crevice - night sand and wind whip through the ruin as O'Connell and Evelyn stumble up out of the crevice and come face -to-face with ten armed mumia . the mumia quickly raise they gun . o' connell and Evelyn quickly raise they hand . Jonathan , Henderson , Daniels and the egyptologist be already on they knee , hand over they head . ardeth Ray step forward . ardeth ray I tell you to leave or die , you refuse , and now you may have kill we all . for you have unleash the creature that we have fear for more than four thousand year . o'connell relax , I get he . ardeth ray no mortal weapon can kill this creature . he be not of this world . o'connell be we talkin , about the same creature ? the walk corpse ? really big mouth ? really bad breath ? int . anubis ' chamber - night beni slowly back up around anubis , eye wide , gun up . he turn around , -- imhotep be right there ! beni scream , back away and open FIRE . six gunshot perforate imhotep , but have no effect except to splatter molten flesh rot onto the back wall . beni retreat into a corner , scared shitless . imhotep move forward , he one hand try to stop the molten mummy gut from ooze out of the large shotgun hole in he side . beni drop he gun and grab at the chain around he neck , RELIGIOUS symbol and icons dangle from each chain . beni hold the first one up : a christian crucifix . he quickly make the sign of - the cross and bless himself in English : beni May the good Lord protect and watch over I as a shepherd watch over he flock . and may Satan in all he form be vanquish forever . it have no effect on imhotep , who continue forward . beni quickly grab at the other symbol and icon , hold they out towards imhotep , one after the other , try to slow he progress : a Islamic sword and Crescent Moon necklace ; a hindu brahma medallion ; a small Buddhist bodhisattva statue . all while bless himself in Arabic , Hindi , chinese and Latin . nothing work . imhotep 's skeletal hand reach for beni 's throat . tear run down beni 's cheek he 's so freak . and that 's when he hold up the STAR of david and bless himself in hebrew . imhotep stop in he track . his hand lower . his grotesque new eyeball stare at beni . imhotep ( subtitle ) the language of the slave . look at he quizzically . imhotep take a step back . imhotep ( in Hebrew -- subtitle ) I may have use for you . and the reward will be great . imhotep reach into he tatter robe , and then hold out he fetid hand , fill with squirming maggot . beni cringe , about to throw up , but then the maggot part , -- revealing a tiny pile of little jewel . beni 's eye widen . imhotep raise he other hand , it hold anck -su - namun 's broken canopic jar . imhotep where be the other sacred jar ? ext . crevice - night several mumia drag burn up , he stare out with vacant socket . Daniels and Henderson be especially horrify . daniel you bastard ! henderson what do you do to he !? ardeth ray we save he ! save he before the creature could finish he work . now leave , all of you , quickly , before he finish you all . jonathan you be not go to kill we ? Evelyn elbow Jonathan in the rib . ardeth ray we must now hunt he down , and try and find a way to kill he , before he consume the earth . Allah be with we . ardeth Ray and the mumia start head down into the crevice . O'Connell yell at they , try to convince himself . o'connell I tell ya , I already get he ! ardeth Ray stop and look back , deadly serious . ardeth ray know this , the creature will be come for you . he must consummate the curse . and until he do , he will never eat , he will never sleep , and he will never stop . ardeth Ray turn and jump down into the crevice , ext . ruins - night O'Connell and Jonathan boost Evelyn up onto a camel . Daniels and Henderson throw burn up onto another . the egyptologist , still clutching the Book of the Dead , get up on yet another . they all head off into the dark , windblown desert ... and then in the extreme foreground , a skeletal hand suddenly punch up out of the sand , accompanied by the most horrific , primordial shriek imaginable -- imhotep anck-su - namuuuuun !!!! ext . british fort - cairo - day a british flag fly over british soldier man the front gate . we tired , dishevel heroes saunter up on they dusty camel . the Soldiers check they papers , then let they enter . int . evelyn' quarter - day a steamer trunk be slam to the floor and throw open . O'Connell chuck a load of dress into the trunk . o'connell I think you do not believe in this stuff !? O'Connell head for the closet . Evelyn unpack the dress evelyn have a encounter with a four thousand year old walk - talk corpse tend to convert one . o'connell forget it , we be out the door down the hall and go . evelyn no , we be not . O'Connell throw a handful of she underthings into the trunk . o'connell oh yes we be . O'Connell continue to pack Evelyn 's clothes as she continue to unpack they : evelyn no we be not . we wake he up , and we must try and stop he . o'connell we ?! what we ?! you do not read that book . I tell you not to play around with that thing . evelyn alright then , I , I , ... I read the book , I wake he up and I intend to stop he . O'Connell angrily stretch a bra between he hand . o'connell how !? you hear the man , no mortal weapon can kill this guy . Evelyn grab the bra and throw it into a drawer . evelyn then we will have to find some immortal one . o'connell there go that belief again . not I , I be outta here ! O'Connell stuff a pile of Evelyn 's shoe into the trunk . Evelyn kick the lid shut , slamm it on he finger . O'Connell yelp and angrily storm around the room suck he finger as Evelyn follow he . evelyn accord to that Book , once this creature have be reborn , he curse will spread , and as he grow in strength , so will he curse grow , infect the people until the whole of the earth be destroy . o'connell yeah ? so ? be that my problem ? evelyn ( incredulous ) it 's everybody 's problem ! o'connell look lady , I appreciate you save my life and all , but when I sign on , I agree to take you out there and bring you back , and I do , now be even , end of job , end of story , contract terminate . evelyn that 's what I be to you ? a contract ? o'connell you can either tag along with I , or you can stay here and play around with mister maggot . evelyn I be stay . o'connell fine . O'Connell storm out and slam the door . a beat . then the door open and O'Connell 's hand reach back in and throw a handful of frilly panty to the floor . slam go the door . ext . british fort compound - day O'Connell angrily stride through the compound . he see beni come up the path with a man dress in hood robe , he face cover by a ornate death mask . imhotep disguise . o'connell beni ya little stinkweed , where do you slink off to ? beni you leave I ! you leave I in the desert to rot . o'connell oh yeah , ... sorry bout that . ( gesture to imhotep ) so who 's this guy ? beni this be Prince imhotep , High Priest of osiris . o'connell oh , hey , how ya doin ' ? O'Connell stick out he hand , -- imhotep instantly recoil O'Connell give he the once-over . beni quickly cover . beni the Prince do not like to be touch by other human . a silly eastern superstition , I be afraid . o'connell yeah , well , we all get we little problem today do not we ? beni he have come to help mister burn . somehow I feel responsible . o'connell do not gimme that , you never have any scruples . beni do you know where I can steal some ? O'Connell fake - punch he . beni flinch . O'Connell give imhotep a look as he stride off . o'connell see ya around , padre . imhotep 's grotesque new eye glare out from behind the mask . int . casbah - day the proverbial den-of-iniquity . hard man , hard woman and hard liquor . lot of deal go down . a older guy with a walrus mustache be drunk and talk to some tough customer . he wear british wwi fighter pilot gear . meet winston havlock . winston I be the last of the Royal Force still station here , you know ? all the other laddy die in the air and be bury in the sand . the tough customer shove he away . Winston stagger over to O'Connell and Jonathan at the bar , not miss a beat . winston ever since the end of the great War , there have not be a single challenge worthy of a man like I . o'connell I have hear it before , Winston . O'Connell shove he away . Winston stagger back to Jonathan . winston I just wish I would have chuck it with the other laddy , go down in a flame of glory , instead of sit around here , rotting from boredom and booze ! Jonathan shove he towards another group of unlucky sod Henderson and Daniels sidle up to the bar next to they . burn , now tongue - less , talk with a severe impediment . burn the drawer there , spectacle . ( try to laugh ) as you see , I will not be need they . imhotep open the drawer and pull out some bifocal . he put the bifocal on over he death mask , -- and grin broadly , he rotted tooth show through the mouth hole . beni mister burn , Prince imhotep thanks you for you spectacle , -- and for you eye , ... and for you tongue . the expression on burn ' face start to change , very puzzle . beni but I be afraid more be need , the Prince say he must finish the job , consummate the curse which you and you friend have bring down upon yourselves . a look of pure fear register on burn , face . beni quickly back away and run out of the room . imhotep pick up the sacred canopic jar , then remove the death mask , revealing he hideous , shattered corpse -skull . int . casbah - day Three shot glass clink together . O'Connell , Jonathan and Henderson slug them down , -- all three of they instantly spit out the liquid . half the bar spit out they drink as well . henderson sweet Jesus ! that taste just like , ... like ... o'connell blood . they all look at each other , even more nervous . jonathan " and the river and water of Egypt go red and be as blood . " a look pass over O'Connell 's face , a realization . o'connell he 's here . he suddenly jump away from the bar and run for the door . jonathan who 's here !? o'connell the guy ! the Priest ! the mummy ! ext . british fort compound - day lightning flash as O'Connell race across the compound , knock several Soldiers out of he way , panic stricken . o'connell Evelyn !! evelyyyynn !!! ext . british fort courtyard - day Evelyn calmly step into a courtyard carry a handful of book . a blast of thunder and lightning scare she . she drop half the book . then a hand grab her ! she jump again and drop the rest of the book . it 's O'Connell , breathe hard . o'connell we get problem . and that 's when a barrage of hail and FIRE slam into the courtyard . o' connell and Evelyn jump back . a water fountain burst into steam . a wooden trellis catch FIRE . o' connell and Evelyn run under the eave as soldier , servant and camel run in every direction , try to avoid the maelstrom . o'connell he 's here ! I see he ! that thing be here ! evelyn the creature !? be you sure !? O'Connell give she a incredulous look and gesture at the hail and FIRE . o'connell pretty sure ! the hail and FIRE come to a stop . everything go dead quiet . O'Connell and Evelyn freeze . and then a blood curdling scream be hear come from the live quarter directly above they . O'Connell and Evelyn race up the stair . int . burn ' quarter - day O'Connell and Evelyn race into the room , past the servant who be run out scream . they skid to a stop as they spot burn , or what 's leave of he , lie dead on the floor , -- he body be shriveled to half it's size . drain of all organ and liquid . o' connell and Evelyn be shocked . then they hear a loud moan and notice imhotep stand on the far side of the room . o' connell draw he gun . imhotep be regenerating : a thick skin form over powerful new musculature . his tendon ripple . his bone bulge and reform . his mouth open to a inhuman size as he moan and cry out , in severe pain . and then it 's over . and he look like a incredibly muscular , corpse- like vision from hell . the ' terminator ' mummy . o' connell and Evelyn be stunne . o'connell we be in serious trouble . imhotep start to move towards they , stare at Evelyn . o'connell back off , creep . imhotep keep come . O'Connell open FIRE . blasting imhotep bullet rip through he body . imhotep do not seem to mind . Jonathan , Henderson and Daniels run into the room . they be all stunne at the sight of imhotep . O'Connell step forward , throw a right hook , punch imhotep in the face , -- he fist goe through imhotep's skull and get stuck deep inside he head . o' connell stare at it , shocked , then quickly yank he fist back out . the area of imhotep 's face that come into contact with O'Connell 's fist quickly degenerate and decays , right down to the bone , as if O'Connell 's hand instantly infect it . imhotep angrily turn , grab O'Connell , and with no effort , throws he across the room and into Jonathan and the other knock they down . imhotep look at he hand , the one that just grab O'Connell , -- it start to shrivel and decay . he quickly turn to Evelyn . Evelyn back away into a wall , terrorize . imhotep step up to she . imhotep you save I from the undead . for this , I shall make you immortal . he lean in , about to kiss she with he decaye face . and that 's when a white cat jump onto the piano , hissing . imhotep shriek . the balcony door blow OPEN . imhotep spin into a blast of wind and sand and swirl out the door . go . O'Connell , Evelyn , Jonathan and Daniels stand transfix . Henderson kneel next to burn , shrivel body , horrify . henderson the curse . the curse . int . museum of antiquities - day O'Connell , Jonathan , Henderson and Daniels follow Evelyn across the ramesseum . evelyn there 's only one person I know who can possibly give we some answer . they round a corner and come upon the curator , -- who be talk with ardeth Ray . everybody stop . everybody you ! O'Connell and the american 's quickly draw they gun . ardeth Ray just scowl . the curator nod he head . curator miss carnavon . gentlemen . evelyn what be he do here ? curator do you truly wish to know ? or would you prefer to just shoot we ? everybody tense , gun up . then O'Connell uncock he .38 . o'connell I just see my fist vanish into some guy 's head . he slide he gun back into he shoulder- holster . o'connell I be willin , to go on a little faith , here . curator you will not believe it . o'connell try I . int . ramesseum - moment later everyone be assemble around the tomb display of seti the first . we recognize he chariot and sword . the curator sit on seti 's throne . curator we be part of a ancient secret society , the cult -of - the-Mumia , and we have a sacred mission , pass down through thirty - nine generation . for over four thousand year we have guard the City of the Dead . we be swear at manhood to do any and all in we power to stop the High Priest imhotep from be reborn into this world . ardeth ray and because of you , we have fail . evelyn ( appal ) and you think this justify kill innocent people !? curator to have stop this creature ? yes ! o'connell okay , let 's cut to the chase . he 's afraid of cat , what 's that about ? curator accord to the ancient , cat 's be the guardian at the gate of the underworld . imhotep will fear they until he be fully regenerate , and then he will fear nothing . Daniels be totally wigge - out , he look at O'Connell . daniel right ! and ya know how he get fully regenerate ?! by kill everybody who open that chest and suck we dry ! that 's how ! curator yes , the creature must first try and regenerate , and then he will attempt to resurrect the one he have love for more than four thousand year . evelyn anck-su-namun . the curator and ardeth Ray look at Evelyn , thunderstruck . evelyn in the necropolis , when I see he , - alive , ... walk , he call I anck - su-namun . and then in mister burn ' quarter he try to kiss I . curator it be because it be you who read from the Book . he have choose you to be the human sacrifice need to regenerate the body of anck-su-namun . Jonathan scratch he ear with the barrel of he pistol . jonathan this be not good . not good at all . ardeth Ray have be stare out a wall of window . ardeth ray tonight be the full moon . the moon of osiris . it will begin tonight . everyone follow ardeth Ray 's eye , through the window we can see the SUN , -- which be now go into a full eclipse . jonathan " ... and he stretch forth he hand towards the heaven , and there be darkness throughout the land of Egypt . " ext . british fort - window - day for night O'Connell look out a window at the british Soldiers man the wall . above and beyond they , -- be the black SUN . ext . evelyn' foyer - day for night Evelyn and Jonathan be pace the foyer evelyn we must stop he from regenerate . she turn to Daniels and Henderson . evelyn who open that chest ? henderson well , there be I and Daniels here and then poor burn of course , oh yeah , and that egyptologist fella . O'Connell turn from the window . o'connell what about my buddy , beni ? daniel naw , he scrammed outta there , evelyn we must find the egyptologist and bring he back here to the safety of the fort , before the creature can get to he . O'Connell look at Evelyn , Daniels and Henderson . o'connell okay , ... Evelyn , you wait here , you two come with I . all three of they pounce on he at once -- henderson the hell with that ! I be not goin ' nowhere ! we be safe here . daniel yeah , I be not leavin , this fort for nothin' . evelyn who put you in charge ? you can not just leave I behind like some old suitcase . I be the one responsible for this mess and I intend to be the one to clean it up . O'Connell just shake he head and sigh . totally put-upon . then he take Evelyn , shove she into the bedroom , slam the door and lock it with a skeleton key . from inside she room we can hear Evelyn pounding on the door and yelling . O'Connell throw the skeleton key to Daniels . o'connell keep a eye on she . if you leave she door , I will rip you spleen out . c'mon , Jonathan . Jonathan swallow hard and point to himself . jonathan I ? cairo alleyway - bazaar - day for night the egyptologist stumble through the dark alley , look haunt . he clutches the Book of the Dead in one hand and he sacred canopic jar in the other . imhotep be stalking he . a STREET vendor turn and see imhotep 's horribly decaye face . he react and scurries away . imhotep lift he robe , cover he face , and move in on the egyptologist , who be head into the bazaar . we pan up to -- the egyptologist's office - day for night beni be ransacking the joint , pull out drawer and file and throw they on the floor . he find a silver pocket watch , shake it , then throw it into he pocket , then he start tipping over bookcase and clear shelf . o'connell ( o.s. ) well , well , well . beni spin around . o' connell and Jonathan stand in the door . o'connell lemme guess , spring clean ? beni turn and run for a open window . o' connell grab a chair , fling it into he path . beni trip and crash into a wall . o' connell stride over , grab he and lift he up the wall . beni 's foot dangle off the floor . o'connell where 's you new friend ? beni what friend ? you be my only friend . O'Connell quickly slide he knife up under beni 's chin . o'connell then you get no excuse for live . what the hell you doin , be buddy with this creep , beni ? what 's in it for you ? beni it be better to be the right hand of the Devil , ... than in he path . as long as I serve he , I be immune . o'connell immune from what ? beni you shall see . o'connell what be you look for ? lie , and I will slit you throat . O'Connell shove the knife deeper into beni 's skin . beni the book ! the black book they find at hamunaptra ! imhotep want it back . Said to I it would be worth it 's weight in diamond . o'connell what do he want the book for ? beni ( shrug ) something about bring he dead girly - friend back to life . he need the book ... ( look at Jonathan ) and you sister . O'Connell look at Jonathan . beni seize the moment and knee O'Connell in the ball . o' connell double over and collapse . beni leap out the window . Jonathan cringe . jonathan that look rather painful . o'connell ( wince ) ya know , ever since I meet you , my luck have be for crap . jonathan yes , I know , I do that to people . and that 's when they hear a blood curdling scream come from down in the bazaar . o' connell and Jonathan scramble to the window and look out -- ext . bazaar - day for night down in the bazaar , people be scream and quickly back away from the shriveled corpse of the egyptologist . a partially decaye hand reach down and take the sacred canopic jar out of the egyptologist 's shrivel hand . it 's imhotep , have regenerate even further . he look up and catch eye with O'Connell . imhotep grin , then unhinges ; he jaw , he mouth stretch to a inhuman size , and then a huge swarm of fly come out of he mouth and race straight up at O'Connell and Jonathan . they both slam the shutter . the fly slam into the close window and immediately spread throughout the bazaar . send people scream and run . egyptologist's office - day for night O'Connell and Jonathan look at each other , panicked . o'connell damn-it ! that 's two down and only two to go . jonathan and then he will be come after evy . they turn and race out of the office . british fort - window -- night Daniels stare out a window , watch the british Guards at the front gate . more Soldiers march the encircle parapet . soldier ten o'clock ! all be well ! the light and music from the casbah come up from below int . evelyn' foyer - night Daniels turn from the window . Henderson sit in a chair next to Evelyn 's door , chain smoking . both look wire with fear . daniel the hell with this . I be goin , downstairs to get I a drink . you want something ' ? henderson yeah , get I a glass of bourbon , a shot of bourbon and a bourbon chaser . Daniels nod and head out . Henderson just sit there , alone , smoking . he reach into he jacket pocket , pull out he sacred canopic jar and fondle it . a breeze suddenly come in through the open window . the curtain flutter . Henderson get up and go over to shut it . he look out the window . the camera race over the compound , into the window and hit Henderson square in the face just as he 's about to scream . Henderson be lift into the air by a mass of swirling sand . his body twist and turn and slowly shrivels as the life be sucked out of he . then he collapse to the floor . on the wall above he , the shadow of the swirling sand condense , form a shadow of a human body . the shadow convulse as the body regenerate . and then it 's over . imhotep step into view . he 's regenerate even further and look almost normal now , he face no longer decaye . he step over Henderson 's shrivel body and up to Evelyn 's door , rattles the knob . it 's lock . imhotep grin . evelyn be room - night Evelyn be asleep in she bed as sand begin stream in through the keyhole , pour onto the floor , form a large mound . Evelyn start to toss and turn . we pan back over to the door : the mound of sand be go and in it 's place be imhotep . int . foyer - night O'Connell and Jonathan race into the foyer and skid to a stop as they see Henderson 's shrivel body on the floor . O'Connell run up to Evelyn 's door and rattles the knob , still lock . he bend down and look in through the keyhole . evelyn be room - night imhotep lean down towards Evelyn , about to kiss she as she sleep . the door start to crash and bang from O'Connell . imhotep ignore it . and kiss Evelyn . his lip and mouth instantly start to degenerate and decay . right down to the bone . the door burst OPEN . Evelyn wake up . see imhotep 's rotted mouth kissing she . she scream and shove he away . imhotep 's putrid mouth grimace in sadness . o'connell get you hand off my girl , pal . imhotep 's sadness turn to anger as he spin around and face O'Connell . imhotep lick he fetid lip . o' connell smirk . o'connell Nice lip . imhotep start to move for O'Connell . o'connell I figure you might be here , so I bring a friend . he throw the white cat at imhotep . imhotep instinctively catch it . he shriek , drop the cat and stumble back towards the window , -- which suddenly blows OPEN . imhotep spin like a dervish and burst into a whirlwind of sand . everybody cover they eye . the imhotep / sand-devil explode out the window and vanish over the compound . Jonathan aim he gun at the window , he hand shaking badly . O'Connell hug Evelyn as she wipe she mouth in disgust . Daniels walk in , look at Henderson 's shrivel body on the floor ... and drop the martini glass . int . 1923 convertible dussenberg - night Jonathan race he big convertible through the street , honking constantly . Evelyn sit between he and O'Connell , look scared and nervous , then she give O'Connell a look . evelyn you call I you girl ? o'connell what ?... oh yeah , that be just um , you know , figure a speech . evelyn I think you be jealous o'connell jealous ? you kiddin ' I ? do you see that guy 's face ? Daniels lean forward from the back seat , fill with fear , daniel shut-up ! just shut -up ! we gotta do something ' ! we gotta do something , now ! before it 's too late ! they race into the driveway of the museum of antiquity . ext . cairo bazaar - night a full moon now shine down on the bazaar , still bustling with activity . suddenly , a breeze kick - in . GREEN mist begin to swirl down the street and through the stall . the people begin to choke and cough and retch , as if be hit by a severe sickness -- it 's already too late . imhotep stroll through the sicken mob , he face half rotted off , he deform mouth grin happily . beni be at he side , look very nervous . and then , one - by-one , the people silently begin to follow imhotep , they skin now cover in disgustingly hideous boil and sore . int . museum of antiquities - night o'connell. , Jonathan , Daniels , the curator and ardeth Ray follow Evelyn as she stride through the museum . evelyn last month I come across a inscription that mention the Book of the Dead . daniel that book we find at hamunaptra ? evelyn yes . I dismiss it , because it talk about bring people back from the dead . a notion I be unwilling to believe . o'connell believe it , sister . that 's what bring we buddy back to life . jonathan and now he 's go to use it to bring he girlfriend back ardeth ray and if he succeed , the two of they together will bring about the apocalypse . the curator join Evelyn at she side as she head up the stair , everyone else in hot pursuit . the curator the plague we have see so far , be merely imhotep flex he muscle . only at the moment of anck -su-namun 's resurrection will he be truly invincible . they reach the display case . Evelyn quickly open they . evelyn I be think that if the black Book of the Dead can bring people back to life -- curator -- then perhaps , the golden Book of the live can return they to the underworld . evelyn exactly -- o'connell so you sayin' , if we find the book make outta gold -- curator -- and read the sacred incantation contain inside it . o'connell you think it will send this guy back to hell ? curator correct , and that 's when -- loud chanting be hear come from outside . they all rush over to the upper window and look down -- outside : a large , craze mob cover in hideous boil and sore come chanting up the driveway : ' anck -su-namun ! anck-su-namun ! ' ardeth ray it have begin . the beginning of the end . evelyn not quite yet it have not . c'mon . Evelyn dash back to the display case . everyone follow . ext . museum - night the craze mob crash into the huge front door , which be lock . they pound furiously , throw themselves at it while chanting constantly . imhotep solemnly come up the driveway . int . museum of antiquities - upper balcony - night the banging on the door can be hear as Evelyn and the curator quickly sort through break piece of stone tablet . the other watch . Evelyn pull out a large piece . evelyn get it ! o'connell get what ? the banging get louder . multiple window shatter . Evelyn talk while quickly translate the tablet : evelyn since the black Book of the Dead be find inside the statue of anubis , then accord to this , the golden Book of the live should be inside ... Evelyn find the translation in the tablet and smile . o'connell what ? jonathan what ? daniel what !? evelyn the golden Book of the live , be inside the statue of horus . curator which would be locate not far to the east of the anubis statue . o'connell do not tell I we gotta go back out there ? curator if we want to kill the creature , yes . two hideous boil &amp ; sore -covered men charge out of a doorway , scream . o' connell and ardeth Ray grab they and chuck they over the railing . the man fly through the air and crash into the lower display case . the front door suddenly burst OPEN , the craze mob pour into the museum . we heroes haul ass across the balcony and down the staircase . ext . museum of antiquity - night Jonathan sneak out of some bush and quickly head for he convertible . suddenly , a splinter group of the disease mob come around the side of the museum . Jonathan instantly bug he eye out , start drool , and begin chanting -- jonathan anck-su-namun ! anck-su-namun ! the craze group run past he and head into the front door of the museum . Jonathan leap into the convertible , fire it up and 180' it back over to the bush . O'Connell , Evelyn , Daniels , ardeth Ray and the curator jump inside the car . beni step out of the museum and see they . beni imhotep ! imhotep ! imhotep look out of the museum from the shattered upper window just as the convertible peel out . o' connell point a finger at beni as they race past he . o'connell you be gonna get yours , pal ! imhotep unhinges he jaw , he mouth stretch to a inhuman size , he let out one of he horrific , primordial shriek . his disease - ride disciple immediately begin pour out of the front door of the museum and chase after the car . ext . bazaar - night the convertible haul ass down the narrow bazaar street . crazy start jump out of stall and leaping onto the car . o' connell and the other fight they off , throw they overboard . more people jump on . Jonathan swerve the car , crash through some stall , knock they off , but not before they manage to open the back door and yank Daniels out . he tumble across the pavement . get up shoot . back into a corner , firing he pistol into the hideous rabble , kill several , keep they at bay . his gun go empty , click ! click ! click ! but the mob stay back , look at he like rabid vulture . Daniels eye they , fill with fear . the mob part like the red sea as imhotep walk through they and up to Daniels . Daniels whimper in fear , tear pour down he cheek . then he get a idea , reach into he pocket , and pull out he jewel encrust sacred canopic jar . he hold it out for imhotep . imhotep take it and grin . through he tear , Daniels grin back , hopeful that he will be spare . we CUT wide : somewhere in the middle of the craze , disease mob , we hear Daniels give out a blood curdling scream ... int . / ext . convertible - street - night the convertible slowly motor down the narrow alley . we dolly across the hood of the car from Jonathan to Evelyn to O'Connell . ardeth Ray and the curator be still in the back . all of they stare out the front windshield . freaked-out . then suddenly one of the hideous ghoul crash through the windshield ! everybody scream . Jonathan hit the gas , lose control , the car slam into a wall . o' connell grab Evelyn . o'connell c'mon ! c'mon ! let 's go ! let 's go ! they all leap out of the car . but the angry , fester mob quickly surround they . O'Connell quickly reach into he gunny - sack , pull out a stick of dynamite , then reach into he pocket and pull out a match . he look around for a way to light it , then reach over and strike it across ardeth Ray 's stubbly face . ardeth Ray yelp . o' connell hold the light match near the fuse . the craze , chanting mob give O'Connell a wide berth , stare at he and the other with insane , bloodshot eye . and then imhotep step through , -- have fully regenerate , he now look as young and handsome and muscular as he do the day he be bury alive . Evelyn stare at he . evelyn he 's gorgeous . O'Connell give she a look , the match burn he finger . he yelp and throw it down , grab another match and strike it across ardeth Ray 's face again . ardeth Ray yelp and give O'Connell a look to kill . the curator shake he head . the curator he have consummate the curse , now all he need do be raise anck -su -namun from the dead , then it will be the end of we , and the beginning for they . imhotep move forward , head right for they . o' connell light the fuse . imhotep step up to O'Connell and stop , watch the fuse burn down . it 's a game of chicken . the tension mount . the lit fuse be about to vanish inside the stick of dynamite , blow it up , -- when Evelyn lean forward and blow it out . o' connell exhales , but keep he eye on imhotep , who extend he hand to Evelyn . imhotep koontash dai to . beni step through the swarm mass , translate . beni take he hand and he will spare the other . Evelyn hesitates , look around at the huge , bloodthirsty crowd surround they , hold axe , pick and scimitar , wait to pounce , then she look at imhotep , confident , powerful , invincible . then she look at O'Connell . evelyn any bright idea ? O'Connell talk through angry , grit tooth . o'connell sorry , fresh out . Evelyn look back at imhotep , then start to reach out to take he hand . both O'Connell and Jonathan move to stop she , -- but ardeth Ray grab they both and hold they tight . o'connell do not do it , Evelyn . evelyn I have no choice . Evelyn 's tremble hand touch imhotep 's : his hand close around hers . nothing happen . imhotep smile . imhotep keetah mis pharos , aja nilo , isirlan . beni come with I my princess . it be time to make you mine , forever . Evelyn give beni a nasty look , correct he -- evelyn all eternity , idiot . then she look at O'Connell and put on she best face . evelyn you better think of something , because if he turn I into a mummy , you be the first one I be come after . O'Connell almost smile . o'connell get gut , lady . evelyn yes , I know , and I would like to keep they . imhotep suddenly notice something . he reach forward and -- rip the key / BOX out of jonathan' upper jacket pocket . jonathan hey that 's mine -- ! ardeth Ray hold Jonathan back . imhotep pull Evelyn away . O'Connell can not take it anymore , he try to break free of ardeth Ray 's grip . o'connell Evelyn ! the huge , powerful man hold he tight . ardeth ray be calm . there be still time . we can stop he yet . the crowd part for imhotep and Evelyn . and then imhotep stop and look back at O'Connell . imhotep pare oos . Evelyn scream . evelyn nooo !! beni smile . beni kill they . imhotep pull she away . o' connell break free of ardeth Ray 's grip and stumble forward . o'connell evelyn ! but the rabid vulture be already move in for the kill . O'Connell quickly bend down , pull open a cistern / manhole cover and shove Jonathan down inside it , then jump in after he . the curator push ardeth Ray towards the cistern hole . curator go! find a way ! kill the creature ! the curator turn and throw himself at the mob as ardeth Ray crawl down into the hole . the mob tear the curator apart . int . catacomb - night O'Connell , Jonathan and ardeth Ray slosh they way down the watery catacomb , crazy pour in behind they . up ahead , a light suddenly shine in from another cistern hole , and then more of the infect crowd drop down , screeching like rat . O'Connell jag right , push Jonathan and ardeth Ray ahead of he , he strike a match off the wall , light the nubby fuse on a stick of dynamite , throw it , and run like hell . FIRE blast incinerate a bunch of crazy . STREET - alley - night the explosion blow a cistern cover fifty foot into the air , follow by a mass of flammage ... ext . alley - night a sewer grate be kick out of a wall . O'Connell , Jonathan and ardeth Ray climb out of the hole and into a alley . o'connell we gotta get she back . jonathan I be with you , old man . no one touch my sister like that and get away with it . O'Connell look at ardeth Ray . o'connell you know where he 's take she ? ardeth ray yes . to hamunaptra . to perform the ritual . Jonathan look worried . jonathan and what ritual would that be ? ardeth ray the ritual to bring the body of anck - su-namun back to life . jonathan and how do one do that ? ardeth ray by read the Book of the Dead . jonathan oh yes , of course . ardeth ray and then kill you sister . jonathan Excuse I ? ardeth Ray look at O'Connell . ardeth ray imhotep be now able to cross the desert with great haste . Jonathan tap he in the shoulder . jonathan begging you pardon , but I be not quite clear on that last part . ardeth Ray ignore he . ardeth ray if he arrive before we , it will be too late . jonathan do you say ' kill ' my sister ? O'Connell smile . o'connell I know how to beat he to it . and on that we smash CUT to -- the erfoud dune - dawn Jonathan 's bashed - in convertible steam it 's way up to a set of semi-abandoned quonset hut . a single wwi biplane with r.a.f . insignias sit in the sand beside they . a sign read : he majesty' royal AIR corp ext . quonset hut - dune - minute later O'Connell , Jonathan and ardeth Ray stand before Winston havlock , the massive dune of erfoud as we background . winston so what 's you little problem get to do with his majesty 's Royal Air Corp ? o'connell not a god -damn thing . Winston look intrigue . winston be it dangerous ? o'connell you probably will not live through it . this really interest he . winston by jove , do you really think so ? jonathan everybody else we have bump into have die , why not you ? Winston nod he head , he 's hook . winston so what 's the challenge then ? o'connell to save the damsel in distress , kill the bad guy and steal he treasure . a slow grin spread across Winston 's face , then he give they a snappy salute . winston Winston havlock at you service , sir ! sahara - day Way off across the desert , a large sand - devil race over the dune . the sandy whirlwind come to a stop and start to dissipate . Evelyn and beni be suddenly eject out of it , they land in a dune . the swirling sand condense and form into imhotep . he look up into the sky , listen carefully . Evelyn shake the sand out of she hair and look at beni . evelyn what just happen ? beni all I remember be he turn into a blast of sand , ... and then I remember nothing . then they hear a plane in the sky and look up . int . biplane - day the wind whip at Winston in the cockpit . o' connell sit in the gunner 's compartment . Jonathan be strapped spread-eagle across the leave wing , ardeth Ray be tie tight to the right . both man be scared out of they wit and scream in fear . ext . sahara - day imhotep 's jaw unhinges , he mouth open to a inhuman size , he let fly with another one of he horrible shriek . -- and a massive wall of sand rise up out of the desert biplane - day O'Connell watch the desert below he come alive and rise up towards the plane . Winston look over the side and see what 's come . he laugh , throw the throttle , and put the plane into a dive . winston hang on , man ! we go wide as : the sandstorm chase the diving , twist biplane . get closer and closer , about to engulf it . O'Connell look back into the blind sand and see a giant face form inside the sandstorm . it 's imhotep . grinning . O'Connell grab the Lewis machine - gun , cock the bracket and fire , blast away at imhotep 's giant face inside the sandstorm . imhotep 's face begin to laugh , then he jaw unhinge , he mouth open wide , and he engulf the plane . Winston blindly fight for control , elate . winston we be go down ! the biplane spin inside the blowing sand . engine roaring . wind howling . Jonathan and ardeth Ray scream . Winston havlock laughing . winston here I come , laddy ! O'Connell brace himself for impact , sahara - day Evelyn leap to she foot and run over to imhotep . evelyn stop it ! you will kill they ! imhotep grab she , pull she close , she beautiful eye stare into he shockingly intense one . then he kiss she , hard . Evelyn 's eye widen , stunne and mesmerize , then she push herself away and fall back into the sand . imhotep laugh . ext . biplane - dune - day the biplane smashes over a dune , roll over and crash upside - down into another dune . the sand swirl as O'Connell fall out of the gunner 's compartment . the leave wing be jamme into the dune , Jonathan hang upside down . jonathan Excuse I ... a little help would be useful ... if it's not too much trouble !! O'Connell go to help Jonathan . ardeth Ray stumble over to the gunner 's compartment and tear the Lewis gun off it 's mount . he throw the machine - gun over one shoulder , a cartridge belt over the other and stagger away . o' connell and Jonathan look into the cockpit . Winston havlock be dead . a smile on he face . the plane suddenly start to move , the sand sink under they foot , they quickly high - tail - it away . O'Connell , Jonathan and ardeth Ray make it to some rock and look back . the biplane , with Winston havlock inside , slide away over a dune . o' connell give it a salute . the plane vanish over the dune and into the swirling sand ... hamunaptra - day O'Connell , Jonathan and ardeth Ray come down a ravine in the volcano and look out over the ruin of hamunaptra . o'connell okay , now what the hell do this horus guy look like ? jonathan he 's a big fellow with pointy ear and a face like a falcon . o'connell get it . hamunaptra stairway - day carry torch , O'Connell , Jonathan and ardeth Ray make they way down a long , wind , narrow staircase . head into the bowel of the necropolis . a passageway to hell . necropolis - day Evelyn follow imhotep into the underground cemetery . she stop at the sight of all the big hairy rat scurrying through the mausoleum and over the gravestone . beni shove he rifle into she back and push she forward . beni keep move . Evelyn give he a look . evelyn you know , nasty little fellow such as yourself , always get they comeuppance . beni suddenly look worried . beni yeah ? evelyn oh yes , always . beni look even more worried , he nervously start chew on he lip . all three of they walk over the bridge crossing the disgusting detritus moat . Evelyn look down at it , horrify . int . passageway - day O'Connell and ardeth Ray be busy digging out a collapse doorway . Jonathan notice a amethyst scarab on the far wall . jonathan I say , look at that . he walk over and try to jiggle it free . it come loose in he hand . he look at the scarab in he palm . it start to glow . and then something inside it start to wiggle . jonathan say , gent ! you should come have a look at this . the wiggling continue ; a long , agonizing beat , and then the scarab break out of it 's cocoon and instantly burrow into Jonathan 's palm . Jonathan start to freak out and scream . O'Connell run up and rip the arm off Jonathan 's shirt . the scarab be now burrowing up jonathan' arm . o' connell whip out he butterfly - knife , snap it open and grab Jonathan 's arm . Jonathan 's eye widen in terror as the knife pass in front of he face . Jonathan scream louder , obviously be cut open . O'Connell 's hand flick something away . the scarab hit the floor and immediately start scurrying back towards Jonathan , want to finish the job . O'Connell pull out he gun and blow it away , -- blam ! int . cemetery - day the gunshot echoe into the cemetery as imhotep , Evelyn and beni step - up to the strange altar , where four thousand year ago imhotep try to bring anck -su -namun back to life . imhotep scowl at the sound and angrily reach into a canopic jar . he pull out the crust remain of anck -su-namun 's heart , crush it to dust in he hand and start read from the Book of the Dead . then he blows the dust against a mausoleum wall , -- the wall start to come alive . Evelyn and beni stare at the wall , both of they wide - eye . two form emerge from the mausoleum 's wall . horrific-looking mummify corpse . two of imhotep 's long dead Priests . they bow to imhotep , then turn and move off down a passageway . int . passageway - day O'Connell help ardeth Ray mend Jonathan 's wound . o'connell from now on , do not touch anything . not a damn thing . keep you hand off the furniture , get it ? Jonathan swallow hard and nod vigorously . int . cemetery - day imhotep prepare the altar while speak in hebrew . beni hold he gun on she , translate : beni Prince imhotep want you heart . Evelyn blushes , feel compliment by the handsome prince . evelyn tell he , I be truly flatter ... but that it 's already take . imhotep continue speak while lay the four jewel encrust canopic jar next to the shattered one . beni he want you heart and you brain , you liver , you kidney ... evely n 's eye widen . beni ... and how do you say ? that slimy thing , in you stomach ? evelyn intestine . beni yeah ! they . Evelyn can not believe it , she furiously turn to imhotep . evelyn you only want I for my organ ?! imhotep look at she and grin , then backhand she -- wap ! Evelyn go down for the count . imhotep stare at she , cold , malevolent , then he turn and walk off into the mausoleum . beni nervously glance around , then quickly scurries away . treasure chamber - day O'Connell squeeze through a small crevice in a wall and drop to the floor of a dark chamber . he pick up he gunnysack and scan the darkness . something glitter . Jonathan and ardeth Ray crawl in behind he . O'Connell notice a shaft of light , high above he , shoot through a small hole in the ceiling and stop against a wall next to one of that mirror disk . o' connell aim he gun . fire . the bullet strike the disk 's pedestal , spin the mirror into the shaft of light , -- and wham ! the shaft of light hit the disk and quickly bounce around the room from one disk to another until the whole chamber be lit up . it 's a enormous treasure chamber . fill to overflow . everything sparkles and shine . the wealth of Egypt . O'Connell , Jonathan and ardeth Ray be speechless . that 's when the two mummify priest-mummy walk in . o'connell who the hell be this guy ? ardeth ray Priests . imhotep 's priest . O'Connell pull the elephant gun out of he gunny - sack . o'connell I never kill a priest before . ardeth ray they be evil , curse , they matter not . o'connell well , okay then . O'Connell fire the elephant gun . smoke and flame shoot out . blast one of the mummy . blow it 's upper torso clean off . O'Connell pump the gun , the huge spend cartridge flip through the air . he fire again . blast the other mummy , blow this one 's torso clean off as well . the smoke clear . the two set of legs keep walk forward , unaffected by the loss of they upper torso . o' connell can not believe it . o'connell oh come on , gimme a break here . and then the disembowel upper torso start to move , turn over and crawl towards we heroes , who start to back away . int . cemetery - day imhotep turn from the altar as he hear more gunshot echoing out of the passageway . he angrily reach into another of anck -su-namun 's canopic jar , pull out she crusty liver and crush it to dust , then quickly start read a passage from the Book and blows the dust down a passageway . imhotep ( ancient egyptian -- subtitle ) kill they ! kill they all ! and bring I the Book of the live ! int . treasure chamber - day a dusty breeze blow into the chamber as O'Connell , Jonathan and ardeth Ray back away from the mummy piece . the floor where they be just stand suddenly start to move . two more mummy slowly dig they way up out of the floor . more mummy start come out of the wall and crawl out of the pile of gold . all the mummy head for we heroes . O'Connell lift the elephant gun . ardeth Ray stop he . ardeth ray my turn . ardeth Ray open up with the Lewis gun . blasting the shit out of the mummy . they keep on come . even more now . O'Connell open FIRE with the elephant gun , pump and firing as all three of the man back away and haul ass . the mummy and mummy piece follow they into the passageway . then beni creep into the chamber . he stare in wonder at all the treasure . then fall backwards into a pile of jewel and roll about . int . cemetery - day Evelyn wake up , lie chain to the top of the altar . she blink , then turn she head , -- and look right into the rotted face of anck -su-namun 's corpse . Evelyn scream . int . labyrinth passageway - day the elephant gun fire , blast flame and smoke right into the lens . O'Connell , Jonathan and ardeth Ray race down a passageway , a dozen mummy stride after they . o'connell this whole place be comin , alive ! the man race around a corner . more mummy . they race around another corner . more mummy . onward they come . methodical . relentless . box in we heroes . o' connell and ardeth Ray firing as they go . ardeth Ray go empty . ardeth ray I be out . he throw the machine - gun down and they all race into -- horus ' chamber - day -- a small chamber . the lower half of the giant statue of horus stand in the middle of the chamber . jonathan there he be ! they run up to the base of the statue , jonathan hello horus old boy . O'Connell look back at the mummy come down the passageway . he reach into he gunny - sack and pull out a stick of dynamite . ardeth Ray tap he on the shoulder . ardeth ray allow I . O'Connell hand he the dynamite and a match , then turn to look at the statue . ardeth Ray reach forward and strike the match off O'Connell 's stubbly face . O'Connell yelp . ardeth Ray light the dynamite and throw it down the passageway . they all hit the deck . the dynamite explode . ripping apart the creature , cause a cave - in and sealing the passageway with rock and dirt . now there 's only one way out , -- another dark , creepy passageway . int . cemetery chain tight to the top of the altar , Evelyn hopelessly struggle to free herself . she stop as Priest mummy start surround the altar . Evelyn be horrify as the hideous mummy kneel down and begin to chant , -- which now sound even more horrific due to the lack of tongue , jaw and mouth in the room . imhotep step up carry the black Book of the Dead . his hand reach out and lovingly caress anck -su-namun 's decaye cheek . int . horus ' chamber - day O'Connell and Jonathan be digging away at the seam of the secret compartment , it start to give . and that 's when ardeth Ray spot another group of rotting mummy come down the dark passageway , head right for they . o' connell look up . o'connell this guy just do not quit . ardeth Ray grab the elephant gun and a handful of shell and run off towards the mummy . ardeth ray keep digging ! O'Connell and Jonathan redouble they effort , pull harder on the seam . the compartment start to loosen . about to give . the last time this happen , salt acid spray out , remember ? we heroes keep tug . the tension mount ... and that 's when a skeletal hand burst up out of the ground and grab O'Connell 's ankle . several more moldy hand burst up out of the ground . o' connell and Jonathan struggle with the mummy as they crawl up out of the dirt floor . one of the mummy violently shove O'Connell away . another grab Jonathan by the throat and start to strangle he . a third mummy grab at the secret compartment and pull hard . a intense burst of acid sprays out of the seam and hit all three of the mummy . the one strangling Jonathan get it in the back and drop he . all three mummy melt horribly . int . cemetery imhotep begin to read from the Book of the Dead . a large swirling hole start to open in the detritus bog . Evelyn 's eye widen in amazement and horror . int . horus ' chamber - day ardeth Ray blast away at the oncoming mummy . over at the base of the statue , O'Connell and Jonathan pull a ornate chest out of the secret compartment . o' connell rip off the lid , reach inside and pull out a heavy burlap bag . he and Jonathan exchange nervous , excited look . then he reach into the bag and slowly pull out the solid gold Book of the live -- golden light reflect off they face as they stare at it in wonder . the elephant gun go empty . ardeth Ray take it by the barrel and wade into the remain mummy swinging . ardeth ray save the girl ! kill the creature ! the mummy quickly overwhelm and start to tear he apart . O'Connell light the last stick of dynamite and throw it against the far wall . he and Jonathan hit the deck . o'connell that 's the last one , we better get lucky . the wall blows . debris collapse , -- but now here 's a hole for they to get out . o' connell and Jonathan race out through the hole just as the remain mummy enter the chamber . ext . hamunaptra ruins - day outside , beni stagger across the sand with a saddlebag fill with treasure . he throw it over the rear of a camel . start to climb up . hesitates . look back at the temple door . lick he lip . and then he greed get the better of he and he quickly climb down and scurries back towards the door . int . cemetery - day imhotep read from the Book . the rotten priest-mummy rock back and forth , chanting . Evelyn struggle . then suddenly , the strange mist waft up out of the swirl hole and over to the sacred jar , it pass through they and into Evelyn . Evelyn jerk as though she 's be electrify . the mist pass through she and into anck -su-namun 's body . the chanting priest , swirling hole , wafting mist and imhotep's reading reach a crescendo . anck -su-namun 's crusty eyelids suddenly pop OPEN . Evelyn stare at she in disbelief . anck -su-namun 's rotted head turn and look at Evelyn with empty socket . Evelyn freak out and struggle wildly , then she notice imhotep hold the ancient sacrificial knife . imhotep with you death , my love and I will be invincible ! he raise it up over Evelyn 's chest , about to plunge it down . evely n 's eye widen in horror . and that 's when O'Connell and Jonathan burst in . imhotep spin around and face they . Jonathan beam as he hold up the golden Book of the live . jonathan I find it , evy ! I find it evelyn shut - up and get I off of here ! O'Connell grab a ancient sword out of a statue 's hand , jump up onto a gravestone and leap out over the Priests . the Priest -mummy stop chant . the mist vanish . imhotep step forward . o' connell strike the sacrificial knife out of he hand . imhotep bellows a command . the Priests stand up , sword and knife in hand , they attack O'Connell . everything happens at once , read faster : evelyn open the book , Jonathan ! open the book ! that 's the only way to kill he ! O'Connell rack and chop at the attack priest-mummy , fight he way to Evelyn . the skeletal creature wildly swing they sword , try to stab O'Connell . Jonathan fumble with the book , struggle to open it , -- he can not . jonathan I can not open it ! it 's lock or something ! O'Connell cut two of the mummy in half , then swing he sword down at Evelyn , -- clang ! one chain break free . Jonathan spot a series of solid gold , four - side lock along the binder . it hit he like lightning -- jonathan we need the key ! imhotep grin , then grab the key / BOX hang from a chain around he neck , rip it off and shove it into he pocket he pick up the sacrificial sword and head for Jonathan . jonathan what do I do , evy !? what do I do !? evelyn read the inscription on the cover ! O'Connell swing he sword down again , -- clang ! Evelyn now have one hand and one leg free . more mummy attack O'Connell force he back . Jonathan quickly start translate the cover inscription , but he ancient egyptian be clearly awful . jonathan keetash -someth , naraba-something . Jonathan start to backpedal through the cemetery , clutching the golden book ; wide -ey , as imhotep move in on he . jonathan ebarra im hatu kashka ummmmm -- ? Jonathan trip and fall on he ass . imhotep charge forward . O'Connell slashes another chain . only one more leave hold Evelyn . Jonathan sit up and quickly look back at the cover . jonathan rasheem aaaaa anubis ! imhotep raise the sacrificial sword , about to kill Jonathan . and that 's when the giant statue of anubis suddenly crash through the wall -- shade of Ray harryhausen . only better . the god of death , horrible , decrepit stone face stare angrily down . Jonathan stare back . jonathan oh boy . O'Connell decapitate a mummy and look up at anubis . o'connell this just keep gettin , better and better . imhotep leave Jonathan and head for the giant statue . O'Connell leap over and with one last swing of the sword , frees Evelyn from she chain . more Priest -mummy attack , force he away . Evelyn jump off the altar and start to head for O'Connell , -- a skeletal hand grab she ! spin she around . it 's anck -su -namun 's rotted corpse . Evelyn react . imhotep look up at anubis , point to O'Connell , and in ancient egyptian command he to attack . anubis move for O'Connell , stomping over mausoleum and through the detritus moat on he way . o' connell quickly back away . o'connell do something , Jonathan ! kill it ! jonathan you have get to be joke ? Evelyn be back away from anck-su-namun . evelyn finish the inscription , idiot ! jonathan oh . anck-su-namun attack Evelyn . Evelyn fend she off as best she can . Jonathan quickly look back at the hieroglyphs on the book cover , fumble badly under the pressure -- jonathan ummm , hootash im ... hootash im now what be this last symbol here ? evelyn what 's it look like !? anck -su-namun grab Evelyn by the throat . the statue of anubis corner O'Connell , reach down and grab he with it 's massive talon . o' connell hack away at it . Jonathan stare at the inscription , slightly oblivious . jonathan it 's a anck symbol , with two little squiggly line above it , and a bird , a stork ! on either side . Evelyn be be strangled by anck-su-namun . evelyn ah ! ah! ahmenophus ! jonathan yes , ... I see . the talon lift O'Connell up and start to crush he . jonathan hootash im ahmenophus ! the giant statue of anubis instantly freeze in it 's track and petrify . it 's off balance . start to fall . o' connell slide free of it 's talon . Evelyn shove anck -su-namun away , anck -su-namun look up and open she fetid mouth to scream just as anubis crash down on top of she , smashing her to powder and drive she into the ground . imhotep shriek in rage and horror , then turn and angrily head for Jonathan . Jonathan , sit on he ass , quickly backpedal on he hand and heel . O'Connell leap to he foot , sword in hand and run for imhotep . imhotep grab Jonathan , lift he up , rip the golden Book of the live out of he hand and pin he to a wall . O'Connell run up and swing he sword at imhotep , -- wap ! slice imhotep 's right arm off . it drop to the ground , still clutching the Book of the live . imhotep drop Jonathan and spin around , face O'Connell . o' connell grin . o'connell okay pal , let 's see how tough you be without you right arm . imhotep grab O'Connell with he leave arm and throws he half way across the cemetery . o' connell slam into a gravestone , bounce off and crash to the ground . he shake it off . o'connell alright , ... so he 's leave hand . imhotep be already stride towards he . Jonathan lift up he hand , -- he have the key / BOX back ! he smile at Evelyn . jonathan I get it ! Evelyn run for Jonathan . O'Connell swing he sword and cleave a big chunk of molten flesh rot out of imhotep 's stomach . on the outside , imhotep look human , but on the inside he be still a rotten old mummy . imhotep backhand O'Connell . knock he twenty foot back . O'Connell stagger to he foot . imhotep be right there . club he hard with he leave arm . o' connell spin through the air , slam into the side of a mausoleum . imhotep approach , rage in he eye . o' connell get up , quickly pivot and hack into imhotep 's head . imhotep grin and punch O'Connell in the face . o' connell be throw back , pull he sword with he . he bounce hard off the mausoleum . land on he foot . totally beat-to-shit . knee buckle . he can barely stand . Jonathan lift up the heavy gold book , -- imhotep 's severe hand still cling to it . Jonathan cringe in disgust . Evelyn yank it off , throw it away , then start furiously work the key into the series of lock , unlock each of they . imhotep stride forward . O'Connell back into the mausoleum , swing the sword , imhotep try to catch it , -- it cleave through he palm and deeply imbed itself into he forearm . no matter , imhotep rip the sword away from O'Connell and casually fling it away . the golden Book of the live open with a hiss . Jonathan hold it tight as Evelyn quickly turn the heavy gold page look for something . O'Connell turn to run , but imhotep grab he by the throat and lift he off he foot . o' connell hang there , a daze mess . imhotep grin , say something in ancient egyptian , then start to strangle O'Connell . o' connell choke . about to die . Evelyn turn and face imhotep and read a inscription : evelyn kadeesh mal ! kadeesh mal ! pare oos ! pare oos !! imhotep pivot and look at Evelyn , a look of sheer terror on he face . then he look over at the detritus bog . which start to bubble and shift . the swirling hole begin to open . and then suddenly the spirit of the egyptian god waft out of the black bog and swirl around the priest-mummy . the mummy all collapse and turn to dust . and then the spirit attack imhotep . lift he and O'Connell up into the air . imhotep let go of O'Connell , who fall to the ground . Evelyn and Jonathan fearfully stumble away from the spirit , Jonathan trip and fall and accidentally throw the Book of the live into the detritus bog . Evelyn watch as the golden book sink into the black putrescence . Jonathan look like he 's about to cry . ten foot off the ground , the spirit swirl around imhotep 's body , twisting it and turning it and slowly shriveling it . accompany by the same strange flashing light we see at the beginning of the movie when anck -su-namun be curse . one last huge flash , accompany by a blast of wind , and imhotep be spit out and throw to the floor . he stagger to he foot , he look perfectly normal . his body be completely intact . O'Connell swing he sword . imhotep jerk back . the sword scrape imhotep 's chest , -- a swath of blood appear across imhotep 's chest where the sword hit he . imhotep touch the blood on he chest , amaze and horrify . he 's mortal . O'Connell run imhotep through with the sword and shove he backwards . imhotep stumble back and fall into the detritus bog . the sword still in he stomach . Evelyn and Jonathan run up next to O'Connell . they watch as imhotep gently sink into the fetid swamp , slowly die . and then , just before he head go under , imhotep look up at they , grin broadly , and say something in ancient egyptian . Evelyn translate : evelyn death be only the beginning . imhotep 's grin face vanish under the black bile . staff chamber - day beni stagger across a chamber , strain under the weight of another saddlebag fill with treasure . he spot a large , ornate staff stick out of a wall . he throw the saddlebag over the staff and collapse against the wall . exhausted . a beat . and then the weight of the treasure pull the staff down . which start a massive aural chain -reaction . beni-backs away from the wall , wide - eye , fill with fear . all the wall start to sink into the ground . drive by ton of pour sand . beni turn and haul ass out of the chamber . cemetery - day O'Connell , Evelyn and Jonathan look around as all the wall start to descend . o' connell grab Evelyn 's hand . o'connell c'mon ! he pull she forward and all three of they race past sink pillar . they duck as they run into a descend doorway . int . passageway - day beni scamper down a passageway , the ceiling get lower and lower until he have to crouch . and then he have to stick the torch between he tooth and crawl on he hand and knee . int . treasure chamber - day O'Connell , Evelyn and Jonathan crouch - run into the treasure chamber . Evelyn skid to a stop . look in wonder at all the treasure . sand rain down on they . O'Connell grab she again and quickly pull she through the mound of treasure towards a sinking doorway on the far side of the room . the SOUND of the sink wall be deafen . beni crouch - run into the treasure chamber . O'Connell , Evelyn and Jonathan race past he . he join they as they run up a staircase . head for a descending doorway , which be already half go , it 's now only four foot high -- now three foot high -- now two foot . Jonathan dive through the narrow gap . then O'Connell dive through , he spin around . Evelyn dive , but get stick in the middle , about to get cut in half . O'Connell grab she arm and yank she through in the nick of time . beni reach through the narrowing gap with he hand -- beni o'connell !! O'Connell grab it , but it 's too late . beni yank he hand back just as the top of the door crash to the floor . seal he in . beni quickly crawl back down the stair as the ceiling slam down behind he . he stand up and look around with he diminish torch . all the doorway finish close . there 's no way out . he 's trap . and then he hear something , and turn around . over in the corner , a scarab-beetle stare at he , chitter . beni wave he flicker torch at the scarab and back away . beni go away . he stand in the middle of the treasure chamber as dozen upon dozen of scarab boil up out of the floor around he . beni be absolutely terrify . the scarab start to move in . and that 's when beni 's torch go out . pitch black . a beat . and then we hear beni start scream in horror and pain . and the scarab chitter hungrily . ext . hamunaptra - day the temple collapse as O'Connell , Evelyn , Jonathan and a pack of stray camel race through the ruin . a sinking crevice drop out right behind they . Chasing they out through the front gate . the whole place rumble ominously . they make it down the ramp as more ruin crash down behind they . a massive cloud of sand and dust billow out over the wall and into the air . we heroes and all the stray camel race out into the desert ... slow dissolve to : ext . plateau - day O'Connell , Evelyn and Jonathan stand in the middle of the plateau , surround by stray camel . they stare off at the sandy , dusty , volcano as it continue to rumble -ominously . jonathan well , ... I guess we go home empty hand . O'Connell look at Evelyn . o'connell would not say that . Evelyn return the look , a beat , and then she wrap -her arm around he neck and kiss he . o' connell return it . Jonathan just roll he eye , snort in disgust and climb up onto a camel . when the kiss be over , O'Connell and Evelyn share a smile , then O'Connell leap up into the saddle , reach down , grab Evelyn 's hand and pull she up behind he . Evelyn wrap she arm around he waist . o' connell and Jonathan slap the rein . o'connell / jonathan tuk -tuk -tuk !! the camel start to move out . we pan down : to the saddlebag behind Evelyn , hide under the close back flap , -- we can see that it 's fill with beni 's steal treasure . O'Connell , Evelyn and Jonathan ride off into the sunset . the end