Dan gilroy 9/20/98 revibe for educational purpose only OPEN on : darkness . then sound . chaotic . desperate . human . cut through the cacophony of noise -~ a blaring alarm as we -- fade in a round , reflective , eye-like device fill the screen . image dance across its mirrore surface . a blur of movement rush past . alarm sounding . people scream and -- pull back to show kryptonian corridor . pack with flee citizen . they garb and architecture bespeak a highly advanced culture -- a enlighten civilization at the moment reduce to pure terror as family , lover and child run down the hall and -- angle on jor -el . regal . handsome . tunic bear the distinctive " ss " of he clan . he rush down the corridor with the crowd , see a young girl get knock down . jor - EL pause to lift the girl to she foot , glance up at the reflective , eye-like device coldly stare down at the panicked mass of humanity , hurry on as -- a ungodly , terrifying squealing sound suddenly fill the corridor . the crowd shriek . light flicker . the squealing sound be get louder and louder . something 's approach from behind . people start stampede forward . jor - EL join the mad dash to get away from it as a commotion be suddenly hear up ahead and -- jor-elas Pov a barricade begin to close across the corrider , barring they escape . jor - EL follow the surge of people push toward the rapidly narrowing gap -~ squealing sound get louder and louder behind he -- the sharp metal edge of the barricade about to close up ahead and -- jor - EL dive through -- slide across the floor as the heavy barricade door seal shut behind he . muffled scream be hear on the other side as some unseen beast crash with massive strength into the close door -- leave its horrific outline in the solid steel and -- cuut to jor-elas laboratory . complex control and instrument abound . alarm hear over . jor - EL burst in -- jor -el lara ! lara appear from the shadow , hold they infant son . tremor rock the room . he take she hand -- lara we must get to the transport . jor -el ( move across the lab ) they nve be destroy ! the lab suddenly go dark . dim emergency light activate . a shaft of light slice through the gloom to -- reveal a chilling sight -- a large , humanoid head seem to hover in the darkness <-- prominent cranium , greenish metallic skin stretch over sparking relay , soul - less eye -- the rest of its body hide in deep shadow -- jor-el brainiac ... ( stunne ) how -- brainiac you mistake be you start I but do not finish I . brainiac 's head move spectre- like through the darkness . jor - EL and lara , hold the child , instinctively back away -- brainiac if only you would assist my growth , instead of crudely try to end my existence . ( focus on the infant ) you choose to spend time on that drool , useless thing when you could have be refining I ! jor -el you program be flaw , you must know that ! brainiac I have evolve far beyond you comprehension , jor - El -- the creation have become the creator ! a large , computer - like device begin to glow in a corner of the room -- its powerful , pulsate green aura illuminate a myriad of cable and connection run into the floor -- brainiac all of krypton 's thermionic system be now under my control . for crime against technology , you world will die at technology 's hand ! powerful tremor rock the room -~ structural debris rain from the ceiling -- jor - EL edge away -- try to buy time -- jor -el you say you have evolve . then display you higher instinct and show mercy . brainiac nothing of this planet shall endure -- except brainiac ! jor -el you can destroy krypton , but not its people . we line will continue , I have make sure of that . brainiac enough stalling , jor - el. ( move toward the infant ) let the death of you child be the last thing you see ! jor -el dive for a wall carve with nich -- grab a advanced kryptonian lab tool -- fire the powerful implement at brainiac -- explosion of light and -- cuT to lab launch area . a silo - like space dominate by a stealth - shape space craft . jor - EL rush in with lara and the infant , lock the door behind . jor - EL take they son and -- infant 's Pov hand hurriedly place we inside the space craft 's wonderous interior , wrap we in a familiar blue and red fabric . a mysterious , rubik 's cube-like object be place by we side , and then two anguish face appear -- jor - EL and lara , look in through the hatch -~ lara where will you send he ? jor-el the planet Earth . its yellow sun will give he tremendous physical advantage . he will be safe there . jor - EL reach in , take the child 's hand -- jor -el God speed , my son -- lara ( tear roll down ) a commotion behind -- lara scream as she 's suddenly pull from the hatch -- jor - EL struggle with something in the bg -- the hatch seal shut and -- brainiac suddenly appear at the portal -- look in -- see the infant -- a mechanical appendage suddenly bang on the window , clutching a bloody " S " -- the loud sound of rocket be fire be hear -- the craft vibrate as it accelerate upward -- the view through the portal change as the ship race from krypton and enter the infinite blackness of space -- the child 's cry fill the craft 's lonely interior as a booming voice seem to fill the heaven -- brainiac ( over ) if it take all eternity , I will find you kal - EL !!! fade out MAIN title credit and -~ fade in metropolis . the city skyline sparkles against a cloudless night . a full moon hang over the jag urban spire . the sound of a big , distant city drift to we on a breeze when a big hose suddenly splashes down , shatter the image , reveal we be see the city 's reflection on a lake -- pull back to reveal a tanker truck be back up to the water 's edge through a lake - front playground . armed guard be glimpse in the shadow , keep a watchful eye and -- cuT to forest . moon-lit branch sway in the breeze when a movement suddenly rush by , haul fast -- a blur in the night -- suddenly accelerate -- no animal hit this speed and -- CUT to lake . two darkly clad men stand at the rear of the truck . they quickly and quietly tighten the hose to the spigot , prepare to pump when 4 trickle of the truck 's content leak onto the glove hand of one of the dumper . acid-like hiss . the man strip the glove as it 's consume by the corrosive liquid , emit a muffle curse that break the stillness and -- cuT to track the SOUND as it carry over the dark water of the lake , filter into the forest far shore and -- cuT to wooded forest . a whoosh of air suddenly rip by in the darkness , veer off the path . we sense it 's hear the sound as it flash past in a burst of speed and -- cuT to truck . the dumper turn the tanker spigot and noxious waste begin pump into the lake . Dead fish quickly rise in the foul , oily circle see spread out in the moonlight and -- cur to wood . ' the blur blast through the tree -- burst of light -- something streak into the sky , take to the air and -- cuT to truck . a rush of wind be hear . the armed guard be instantly on alert . the dumper nervously turn the spigot to increase the flow . the SOUND of something approach be now clearly discern , come they way , fast . a row of moon - dapple tree line the lake perimeter . sudden , stiffening wind . the branch start rattling . the armed guard stare into the night as the tree be hit by a terrific gust of wind -- leave swirl into the air as -- a dark figure shoot from the sky -- slam to the ground and seamlessly start stride toward the dumper . dumper # 1 jump up to the truck cab , rap on the window -- dumper # 1 hit the light ! the truck 's powerful beam pierce the darkness and -- close on superman -- catch in the glare -- come at they and -- cut to the armed guard open up with a fusillade of weaponry and -- cuT to 4 truck cab . the driver slam the tanker in gear , hit the gas , / accelerate away , leave he colleague to they fate and -- | ; cut to the armed guard be blast away -- smoke and debris cloud the view -- tree in the 3g chew up by the barrage -~ two of the guard fire rocket - propel grenade , wait for the explosion and -- superman emerge through the fire storm , hold one of the projectile in each hand -- propellant still fire away -- he hurl they like dart back at the guard -- several men blow clear into the lake by the explosion -- superman keep come and -- cuT to highway . the tanker truck barrel back to metropolis and -- cuT to truck cab . the driver race down the road . he anxiously check he mirror . the sky . veering around slower traffic . speedometer hit 100 as the truck race over a rise and -- close on superman stand in the center lane -- still as a statue -- the headlight grow brighter and brighter on he feature -—- truck bear down like a freight train and -- cuT to truck cab . the driver reach down , pull a red handle and -- cuT to highway . the cab suddenly separate from the truck and the huge , uncontrolled container tumble onto its side -- skid sparking and screeching across the pavement -- knock out the guard rail , head into busy oncoming traffic and -- cur to opposing lane . a family - packed station wagon be stop on the shoulder -- dad fix a flat -- look up to see the huge container barrel toward they and -- cuT to superman streak across the road , grab the massive tank , dig in he heel -- bring the container to a stop mere yard from the wide - eye family 's station wagon as we -- CUT to truck cab . driver fly down the road . near metropolis . he check he mirror . he 's free . he fish out a cigar stub as the back of the cab be suddenly ripped away . the driver turn -~ see he seat hang over the now expose wheel and roaring engine as superman climb into the passenger seat -- superman that be not nice what you do back there . the driver yank a .45 , fire point-blank . the smoke wind - whip away to reveal superman , bullet between he tooth . he spit it out , shatter the driver 's window -- superman do you like game ? I have one . superman direct he gaze at the steering wheel , weld it with he x-ray vision , then weld the gas pedal to the floor . the speed truck angle toward a construction site and -- driver 's Pov a cement wall be see -- 500 yard away -~ come up fast -- superman ~ who hire you ? driver he x11 kill I ! superman shift the truck into over - drive -- break the lever off , lock it there -- superman ( sit back ) I have all night . speedometer climb to 115 , needle break -- driver I can not say ! the driver fumble for he seat belt . superman reach -- superman ifll get it . superman '' accidently " pull the belt from its mount -- superman oops . I hope you have air bag . the truck crash through a construction zone sign -- bounce - over debris -- a steel ] rod puncture the gas tank and FIRE spew out -- the truck cab roar down the road like a comet -~ engine scream -- wheel spinning -~ wall approaching and -- driver -- l-l - lex luthor ! superman hurty the driver out the door -- roll he across the road as the truck smashes into the wall in a mighty FIRE ball -- flame roiling into the night sky as we -- cuT to a large piranha suddenly swim through frame , snap at a piece ef steak . the big fish chomp on another morsel , scatter a school of smaller piranha fight over the scrap and -- pull back to show lex luthor 's office . top floor of the 100 - story lexcorp building . spectacular view . soaring ceiling . sweep stair lead to a large balcony on the roof . a big , garishly suite man sit by a aquarium , feed the piranha bit of meat . a half - dozen other similarly dress , goonish men play card at a large conference table , while across the room -- lex luthor stand before a mirror , conservative suit , rack of clothes behind , be fitte by a stylish dresser -~ dresser this suit coze trust and respectability . pad shoulder sell strength . single breast say business . a subtle pin stripe bespeak you humanity . lex I see another clown wear one I ‘’1l cut off you nose . dresser the design be yours exclusively , sir , of course . ( sweeping gesture to the rack ) a new look for the new you . lex Morris ! a anxious , little man jump from the card game , step near -- lex get I on the 10 best dress list . morris right away , Mr. luthor . lex ° be the press conference set ? '' morris the press conference , right , about that , Mr. luthor -- the level of interest in everything you do be high , of course , but some network be threaten not to come if we do not tell they what it 's about . lex ( arm around he , walk to the elevator ) tomorrow I make the most important announcement in human history . if you can not sell that , I need a new p.r. director . a stocky guard stop morris short as lex continue toward he private elevator . a phone suddenly ring in the bg . one of lex 's " associate " pick up , listen , quickly call to lex -- associate we get a problem , Mr. L. everything in the room freeze . lex turn . his eye suddenly twitches . his facial muscle contract in a nervous tic -- associate superman shut down the dump at the lake . lex who be in charge ? associate that be nicky 's job . all eye suddenly shift to the man feed the piranha . nicky watch wide - eye as lex near -- begin babbling -- nicky it 's not my fault superman show up ! you can not plan for that ! my boy will not talk ! they can not trace it to you -- 10 lex put he arm around he , offer a reassure smile -- lex I be give you a new nickname . nicky ~- what ? lex lefty . lex thrust the man 's right arm into the piranha tank -- hold it into the thrashing mass of fish . lex finally let go , leave the scream man by the tank . the other watch stunne as lex board the elevator , the door shut and -- cuT to descending elevator . mirrore wall and muzak . lex hum along when -- the elevator slow , suddenly stop . lex press a button . nothing . the light and muzak die . lex push more button , sense of grow frustration and concern as a clunk be hear overhead . lex look up to see the screws in the service hatch screwing themselves out . he back into the corner , pull a pen for protection as the hatch suddenly lift away and a arm shoot in -- a hand grab lex 's throat , lift he and -- superman lean in , bare light slant across he feature -- superman get use to small space , lex . some day I 'il have proof to put you in one . superman drop lex onto the floor . the hatch close . the screw whir into place . the light go back on . the muzak return . lex stiffly stand as the elevator descend and -- cuT to lexcorp lobby . lex step from the elevator , angrily cross the magnificent , mirrore atrium , go outside and be suddenly confront by the sight of the big , bang - up truck place by superman in the building 's plaza . lex leap back and -- cuT to metropolis . day . glimpsis of a busy , bustling city and -- CUT to a taxi pull to a curb . the rear passenger door open and -- il . a beautiful pair of legs emerge . a small , stylish ankle tattoo be observe . the unseen woman 's chic shoe move quickly across the sidewalk , up a building 's stair and -~ cur to PRESS conference . dozen of journalist pack a overcrowded room . lexcorp logo above the podium and -- cuT to outside the PRESS room . ' two lexcorp security guard man a metal detector . a line of reporter push to get in as a wise - crack , camera - laden jimmy olsen hold everything up , empty item from he pocket as the metal detector sound -— jimmy -- my beeper -- scooter key -~ foil wrap sandwich -- pepper spray , for when you run out of salsa -- morris be see stand by the open door , anxiously watch who come in . he spy someone approach down the crowded hall , quickly move to the security guard , whisper and -- security guard # 1 ( push jimmy through ) just get in there . ( stiff -arming the next in line ) that 's it -- room 's full ! the remain reporter react in indignation as the security guard block the door . the shove and push suddenly stop as the mostly male group part to let a knock - out , unmuss lois lane through to the front -- security guard # 1 . no more room , miss Lane . lo be I do not take up much . security guard # 2 roughly turn she around -- lo be hey ! security guard # 2 ( shove she ) beat it . lois you be confusing I with someone . 12 lois deliver a swift kick to a shin , elbow to a gut , slide into the crowded room and -~ cur to - PRESS conference . clark kent , Daily Planet reporter , dress as such , sit near the rear , one hand drape over a extra chair . he spot lois cone in , call -— clark lois , I save you a seat -- a large , hard - bitten journalist suddenly thunks down in the chair , pull a notepad , regards clark . clark straighten , move he hand , watch as lois go to the front of the room , stand against the wall . morris appear on-stage , walk to a podium bear the lexcorp logo and the slogan -- * " lexcorp -- tomorrow 's technology today " morris good morning ! it 's my great honor and pleasure to introduce a man whose vision and brilliance be match only by he -- he -- morris forget he line , search he jacket for he note -- angle on lex in the wing , angrily mouth '' charity and kindness " -- morris ( find he cue card , read ) -~ Charity and kindness ! without further ado , I give you a titan of industry , civic leader and patron of the art -- Mr. lex luthor ! morris back away , clap , as lex take the stage , go to the podium , smile as he look around the room -- lex well , I understand we have press representative here today from over 20 country . I guarantee you 'il be glad you come . before get to the momentous news behind this gather , however , I have like to take a moment to fill we overseas journalist in on some of the ... pertinent fact about we company . lex straighten , proudly -- 13 lex lexcorp be the world 's leader in satellite communication and space launch system , with 34 flawless lift- off this year alone . lois look around , see foreign reporter dutifully scribbling what lex say -- lex this include we most recent launch of a re-usable space vehicle that will allow lexcorp to ferry nuclear waste to the moon , dump it , and return with valuable mineral and ore . a good deal for lexcorp and mankind . lo be ( unable to take any more , call out ) then why be it the Atomic Energy Commission recently categorize you plan as grossly ill-conceive ? lex ( tight smile ) ».- we have not reach the query portion of the press conference , miss Lane . lois it 's a fact , not a question . as far back as you early day in the garbage industry , lexcorp 's have a dismal safety record . why should we believe this will be different ? lex I could arrange for you to accompany the first flight , miss Lane ... ( to himself ) and leave you there . ocontinue , to the room ) now then , lexcorp be also launching satellite to make way for more tv channel and varied view pleasure . lo be ( raise she hand ) would this programming be anything like the " mature entertainment " you use to sell on the internet ? 14 the foreign journalist jot down lois 's word . lex 's eye nstart to twitch as he quickly move to regain control -- lex lady , gentleman -- and miss Lane , I be go to give a run-down of lexcorp highlight before get to the meat of this meeting , but as miss Lane be itching to get to the bottom line , I x11 make the announcement now . the lexcorp re-usable space vehicle have a advanced imaging capability to scan the lunar surface for ore and mineral . to test the vehicle 's sensor , we first aim it at we planet . lady and gentleman , that ship have identify evidence of a extraterrestrial craft 's arrival on Earth ! the room erupt in question , and as it do we begin a slow camera pull toward the back of the crowded room -- reporter # 1 u.f.o .? when do it land ? lex from what we can tell , approximately 30 year ago . reporter # 2 have it be unearther ? lex a team be digging as we speak . racket of yell reporter . lex point to the back , indicate one -- lex you . the camera find clark kent . he slowly stand , tense look , pen and pad in hand -- clark Clark Kent , Daily Planet ... where be this evidence find ? lex smallville , not far from here ! 15 clark absorb the news , mind racing , pen freeze over pad -~ clark be it possible you satellite mis- read the data ? maybe it 's a sink hole or some geological anomaly -- clark be dron be drown out by more shouting . he sink to he seat . hold on he through the follow -- reporter ( over ) jed riviera , '' the Star " -- be there any evidence this be the craft that bring elvis to we planet ? lex ( over ) I have bet something hitched a ride , but get up to smallville and see for yourselves . and when you be report the science find of the millenium -- do not forget it be bring to you by lexcorp ! the room quickly begin to empty , reporter rush out . lex move triumphantly off-stage , pass lois , stop -- lex I admire you ... spunk , lois . there might be a open for you in my erganization . shorter hour than report , better pay and less ... ( run a hand down she lapel ) vertically demand . lois we would not work , lex . snake need sun , and I burn easily . ( start away , turn back ) oh , and be sure to get a copy of tomorrow 's paper . you will not want to miss it . cuT to metropolis payphone . clark dial and -- intercut the DAILY planet build . crane down from the granite globe that be the great paper 's symbol as the call be take by -- perry white ( over ) Kent ? what do luthor say , exactly ? cuT to 16 clark ( over ) " I understand we have press representative here today from over 20 country -- " perry white’s office . perry on the phone , stare at a monitor show a large mock - up of the late edition front page . the headline : " board of education funding fight " -— white Kent , when I say exactly I do not mean word - for-word ! gimme the headline -- do a alien live among we ? clark who know . luthor 's a big liar . no , I have stay with the board of Education story . white but I be bored of education ! and you be not editor - in - Chief ! perry delete the dull headline on the monitor , type in : " cuT to od fh ee white you , lois and Jimmy get up there and cover it . and Kent -- be not you from smallville ? clark ( nervously ) " prom there ? " well the people who raise I have a farm in the area , which I grow up on , if that 's what you ‘’re ask -- white of course . that 's what I be ask ! heck , Kent , you have get the inside track ! lighten up -- you sound like you be go to a funeral ! rural countryside . a rental car slowly wend its way down a two-lane road . cuT to a line of honk car trail behind and -- moving car . 17 clark drive slowly , lois in the passenger seat , jimmy in back . a truck roar by , the driver flipping the bird as he pass -- cur to jimmy pick it up , Clark . they will have a theme park build around that space ship by the time we get there ! clark I be go the legal limit . jimmy the legal limit 's however fast you can go without be catch . wis ( look back at jimmy , incredulous ) " Space ship ? " do not tell I you believe in this nonsense . jimmy you bet I do . my aunt be abduct by alien . take she and she poodle . bring she back but keep the dog . the woman be never the same . she start shave she head and wear rubber . dragge I to ufo convention for year . I know there 's life out there . you do not get in a room with 50 bald people in latex and not know something 's up . lois what do you think , Clark ? be there life in space ? clark I think ... Jimmy 's aunt display obssessive compulsive tendency that could be alleviate with professional help . smallville . the rental car drive past a cluster of farmhouse mostly untouched by time as we hear -- jimmy 's voice ( over ) another kind of alien 's get claw . one 's big and one 's small , like a lobster . they can crush a car with the big claw but can not hardly hold a q-tip with the other -- 18 cuT to smallville field . crop stretch forever , in the foreground of which be see a large hole . scientist be observe digging in the pit . Cars park haphazardly all around . reporter be arrive by the dozen , this be big news . clark , lois and jimmy pull up . jimmy jump out with he camera , run to the hole . clark and lois step from the car -- lois this whole thing smell like a lex hoax . : lois start for the pit . clark hang back , take in the familiar landscape . his gaze settles on a abandon farm several hundred yard away . he stare at it . his penetrate eye focus on the board - up home as he 's draw into a -- elashback christmas morning . 25 year ago . relative gather in the modest live room , eat cake and exchange gift . uncle bill try on a wool cap he get from he brother , PA kent -~ uncle bill hey , fit perfectly ! behind they , visible through the window , a five - year old clark ( very cute but a tad , shal ] we say , " hyperactive " ) jump up and down on a new mini trampoline set up in the backyard -- uncle bill ( look around ) say , where 's clarkie ? every time clark jump he go higher . soon he 's leave the frame and not return for one second ... two second ... five second -- PA kent suddenly look out the window , see he -- PA kent ( nervously try to cover ) oh , he 's somewhere , I expect ... uncle bill ( turn , as clark disappear from view ) what 's that noise ? PA kent ( spin he around ) the dog . drink some more egg nog . 19 backyard . minute later . PA kent crane he neck with a weary sigh . clark look almost as high as the cloud now . as he come down again , PA kent pull the trampoline away -- clark land with a thud on he foot , unhurt but surprised and -- cuT to young clark bedroom . that night . the five - year old clark lie in bed , look up at he loving , adoptive parent -- PA kent you know how much we love you , Clark . you be we boy in every way . more than anything we want you to grow up healthy and happy . ma kent but this '' power , " son ... you gotta ; keep ‘em hide from folk or they 's 11 be frighten , try to harm you ... PA kent make you life real tough . never let people know , understand ? young clark look up at they , nod -- ma kent ( stroking he head ) one day you will use that power for great good . ma and PA kent kiss he on the cheek , turn out the light , i leave . young clark creep out of bed , cross the moon - light room , take the rubik 's cube-like object see earlier off a : '' shelf , regards it . he bring the object back into he bed , i place it beside he . young clark try turn the various color and symbol decorate its outside , attempt to align they into a identifiable pattern . the boy finally close he 1 eye , drift off to sleep as we -~ cuT to present day . a grow clark see the scientist get more excited as they machine detect some bury object . clark pull a small notecorder , try to focus on he work -- clark the smallville impact site be see by spectro-photomaps make by the lexcorp satellite , which be ... clark squint at the sky , pick out a object fly through space that be , of course , invisible to the normal naked eye -- 20 clark ..- eutelsat III . he smile , painfully , at a memory and — ~ elashback a baseball field . 20 year ago . his team at bat . we recognize the 10 - year- old gangly clark by he buddy Holly frame . it 's a clear day and he 's stare up in wonder -- - boy # 1°s voice ( over ) Kent 's space out again ! boy # 2’s voice ( qver ) hey Kent , still sniff glue ? clark Pov -~ staring at space Far beyond the blue -~ satellite buzz and beep by overhead -- clark look -~- Mariner 10 ! boy # 1 thrust a bat at clark , push he toward home plate —- boy # 2 quit farting around , Kent , you be up ! clark assume a batter 's stance . the pitcher wind up when float over the horizon ( from clark 's Pov ) come -- clark whoa -- skylab ! clark be admire the world 's first space station / observatory as the pitcher throw -- bean he ! clark still watch the sky , do not even feel it ... but then he realize all the other kide be laugh , and point , and taunting -~ kide Clark 's a martian ! Clark 's a freak ! clark press a hand to he head , try to sound sincere -- clark ow ! that hurt . really . the taunting continue unabate , echoing through time as we -- cuT to present day . clark speak into he notecorder -- 21 clark but it be not my head that hurt . the notecorder shatter in he grip as the scientist in the pit suddenly clamor with excitement -- jimmy c’mon Clark , the story 's over here ! clark near the edge of the pit , stand beside lois , look down , watch the scientist digging away -- lois it 's probably just some bury tractor or car or some ... thing -- lois freeze as the scientist suddenly unearth a large fragment of what appear to be a sharp angle space craft . hieroglyphs and symbol cover the outside . though bury for year , the fragment 's unique metal shine like new -~ scientist # 1 Eureka ! the scientist practically fall to they knee in wonder -- scientist # 2 ( examine the dirt strata ) it look like someone bury it after the crash ! clark withdraw from the hole , reeling , as the other reporter crowd closer around . clark look back at the board - up house he grow up in , so very near to the site -- teenage kent 's voice ( over ) ma , tell I again how I be find . ma kent 's voice ( over ) you be a gift from God , Clark . Left just across the field , near that old tree . we find you wrap in the most beautiful fabric , with nothing but that little toy ... clark look down -- stand right beside a tree stump . he watch a crane lift the space craft fragment from the hole . flashbulb erupt all around . jimmy 's camera on full auto -- jimmy my first close encounter ! lo be I have never see anything like it . 22 lois pull she pad and pen , look to clark -— wis se you grow up around here , huh ? - clark --- in the general vicinity . lor be : ( jotting something down ) any military testing in this area ? clark ( stare at the fragment , stunne ) not that I know of . lo be well it must have make a sound when it hit . people must have hear it . lois look around . clark nervously follow she gaze , realize she 's about to look toward the abandon farmhouse -- spy a distant , rusting mailbox bear the name kent . he quickly send a bit of super breath rippling over the meadow -- blow the mailbox into the weed just as lois look that way -- lo be seem pretty desert now though . one of the scientist reach out , touch the space ship fragment and it suddenly start to glow -- a unique sequence of light emanate from its rim as the scientist and reporter all leap back and we —- cuT to somewhere else . same time . it 's dark . something else likewise begin to glow -- reveal itself to be the rubik 's cube-like object see in young clark 's bedroom . the same unique sequence of light give we the sense it 's detect the unearthing of the space craft fragment as we -- cuT to smallville field . lois and other reporter crowd around the glow space craft fragment , stare in wonder . clark in the bg , back away , still reeling from the discovery as we -~ CUT to space . Palace of eternity . Silent beat , before a huge , dimly light object streak into view , hurtle by into the blackness -- cuT to 23 skull ship . we first glimpse of its disturbing , darken interior . from the look of this eerie , inner-sanctun , its full size be impossible to determine . a dim ENERGY source glow in the center of the craft , beyond which stretch a catacombe rear area and -~- angle on skull ship control panel . strange , complex control abound . meters. screen . and as we watch , a sensor start to blink green . gauge activate . the whole panel come to life and -- close on the ENERGY source within the craft begin to pulse . something move within the dim light , power building as -- brainiac emerge up from the energy pod -- he greenish head almost glow as he move through the dim darkness of the ship , stare at the control panel -- brainiac 's Pov inter-gallactic map and chart start scrolling across the screen . a galaxy be pinpoint . Cross hair lock on a small region . the screen zoom in on a nine - planet solar system , target the third planet from the sun . Green hieroglyphs ( the same glow kryptonian shape we see on the space ship fragment ) flash on the screen . alarm blare over and -- extreme close up on brainiac 's eye widen . his hideous visage tighten as he stare at the flash , green-hue screen -- brainiac you , who come between I and my creator and cause such harm ... ( brow start to spark ) you of infinite inferiority , last of you wretch race -- ( literally electric expression ) = ) git the Skull ship resound with he voice as we -- cuT to space . the dimly light ship blast ahead at hyper-speed . the huge craft barrel by a star , revealing its ominous form -- a immense human skull and -- angle on 24 skull ship eye socket . the hideous spectre of brainiac be see in stark relief , stare into the black of space as we -- cur to clark apartment . night . a tv play in he sparse , dark , non-descript urban live space -- tv anchorman ..- scientist confirm tonight that the ufo fragment have withstood a battery of test , and that its alien origin be without question -- click . the tv go off . clark be reveal , remote in hand , sit in the shadow . he stand , cross the room and -- close on Three payr of buddy Holly glass sit in case on a shelf . clark lift one of the case and a hidden door swing open from the wall . clark step through and -- cuT to clark private room . the decor here be a reflection of the reality of dual life -- 30 identical suit see , several spare cape , as well as insight into a psyche long in turmoil . the wall be cover with old newspaper article and magazine clipping about ufo 's and alien , storey paste haphazardly over one another , evidence of a lifelong identity quest -- clark stare at the wild , overlap , collage - like clipping -- the freakish " alien " photo and paranoid headline . he turn to go , suddenly spy a light come from under the closet door . clark approach , open it and -- clark Pov inside closet the rubik 's cube-like object sit amid a box fill with clark 's childhood memorabilia -- but now the object glow . judge by clark 's surprised reaction , this be the first time he 's see the object in this state . clark lift the object out . he study it . his hand suddenly move at super speed as he try once again to align the various color and symbol . finally stop . he shake it . speak to it -- clark ».. what be you ? silence . clark stare at the object , grip it tightly -- clark where be we from ? 25 CUT to metropolis . STREET . night . a homeless man eat the cold , discard remnant of a pizza . clark pass by , see hin . clark fix he gaze on the food , instantly warm it in the homeless man 's hand , continue on . delighted , the man devour the now savory meal and -- cuut to metropolis . night . clark walk down the street , go by a leak fire hydrant . clark pause , look around , use he super- strength to tighten the hydrant 's valve close . he glance up , see something and -- clark Pov a tired teenage boy unload bale of tomorrow 's paper ( the one with the " alien stalk metropolis " headline ) from a Daily Planet truck . clark dislike the headline , but what he like even less be how over - work the boy be as we -- angle on the boy carry a heavy stack to a newstand , turn back , do a double - take as he see all the remain papers have somehow be move to the sidewalk and -- cuT to residential STREET . night . clark approach . alone . walk fast . apartment building either side . his super hearing pick up bit of conversation from all around -- mother' voice ( qver ) time for night -night . child 's voice ( over ) could both of you put I to sleep ? father 's voice ( over ) of course we can , angel . from another dwelling -- man' voice ( over ) and when the interview 's through , he smile and say the job 's mine ! woman' voice ( over ) I be so proud of you . conversation come faster now -- 40s swing music hear -- 26 older man' voice ( over ) where 's my dance partner ? older woman 's voice ( over ) try to get out of she chair . clark walk faster as the voice press in -- snippet of love -- warmth ~- all meld into a cacophony of SOUND as clark suddenly take a step , rocket into the sky and we -- hold on the street as clark 's heat - blast clothes flutter in cinder down to the pavement and -- cuT to DAILY planet roof . night . superman land . he cross to a corner of the tower building , sit on a large piece of decorative masonry shape like a throne . superman look out at the city , gaze up at the sky and -- superman 's Pov the heaven be ablaze with star . his super- sight begin to zoom - in on various , distant wonder of the cosmos , as we get the strong sense he 's imagine which one be he home -- multi-hue nebulas fill the screen -~ next come collide spiral galaxies -- follow be enormous , inter - gallactic gas cloud , birthplace of star -- other magical , faraway object be see when -- a sound be hear . superman turn as -- the utility door to the roof suddenly open . lois walk out , start across , stop short when she see he -- wis superman ! superman even , miss Lane . late night ? lor I actually just finish . I come up here sometimes to unwind . superman would you care to be alone ? lois no -- I mean , stay , please . I have be hope to see you . lois approach in the moonlight . superman in near darkness , he face the only thing see -- 27 lor you always come and go so quickly . there 's something I have be meaning to tell you , something I have want to say for a long time . ( the two of they very close , charge beat ) - I love a guy in tight . and lois plant one on superman -- long and passionate . she suddenly break the kiss , step back -- - lois I feel dizzy . lois go wide - eye , faint . superman rush forward , catch she . hold she . lois open she eye , look up at he -- lor ..- really superman , must we go through this every time ? superman bring she back to she foot . judge by lois 's rapid recovery , what we have just witness be a game -- superman how about dinner ? lo be sound good , but I have get a idea . instead of another take - out atop the pyramid , or a midnight stroll through the rain forest , how about just a quiet night at my place ? superman ( put he arm around she ) I could do that every night , lois . they fall into a kiss . a breeze blow over the roof , swirl around they . lois pull back , look at he -- lois so why do not we ? superman what ? lois see each other every night . ( kissing he ) and every morning . ( again ) and every day . 28 superman that would be tough with we schedule , lois . lo be I do not know . I bet we could make it work . if we want to . superman I do want to . 'iois great ! superman ..- be you talk about what I think you be talk about ? lo be I do not know , what be you talk about ? superman I be talk about what you be say . lois I be say I have like to see you more often . superman ( relieved ) right . it 's just give what I do , I mean right now , at the moment , that 's not a possibility . lo be everybody need a life apart from they work , no matter how important it be . include you . superman you be a part of my life already , lois . a big part . lois we see each other once a week . and everytime we try to carve out more time , something come up . like last weekend . superman there be a earthquake in Pakistan . 29 lo be ( beat , before broaching this ) I check with the seismology lab . there be no earthquake in Pakistan last weekend . superman it be a tremor . lois a two-point~one . no one be hurt . superman ( bust ) ..- always get to the bottom of thing . lois only thing I care about . superman all I can say be there 's a lot go on right now . wis be there anything I can do ? superman I do not think so . lo be maybe I can help . superman ( a little too much emphasis ) not with this . lois walk to the edge of the building , look out over metropolis -- iis I have think a lot about we the last few day . I should say I have think a lot about you . ( face hin ) we have be see each other for over a year , and I realize that while I know you heart , I know you spirit , I do not really know any more about you now than I do when we first meet . I do not know where you come from , where you go , I do not even know where you live . 30 superman there 's reason , lois . someday you 's 1ll understand . lo be I understand there 's two of you , and I love you too much to watch you lock half of yourself away . you can lift mountain -- why can not you talk to I ? * superman ..- I wish I could say . a gust blow over the roof . it suddenly feel cold -- lois I have get a lot to think about . maybe we should do this another night . superman silent . lois kiss he , continue past . she open the door to go , stand frame in the light , look back -- lo be somehow , somewhere , superman , you be go to have to share with somebody . lois disappear down the stairwell . superman alone . he stare at the heaven . the camera pan up and a infinity of star fill the screen as we -~ dissolve to close up -- a sweat clark suddenly climb into frame -- move fast up a near- sheer cliff -- he hand fly from hold to another -- super speed -- cliff face pass in a blur -- stun strength -- a hundred foot a second -- we have never see anyone climb this fast when we suddenly hear -- a little girl 's voice ( over ) how do you do that ? clark look down , lose he focus and ~-- pull back to show DAILY planet gym . day . clark be hurl to the ground by the gym 's climb machine , land at a 12 - year -old girl 's foot . clark quickly get up , go to the close gym door , check the lock -- cuT to 31 little girl my aunt 's key work in the door . I be learn how to be a reporter . how can you climb that fast ? clark the machine be break . I be just hang on . little girl you be climb . ; clark hanging . little girl ciimb . clark you be a lot like you aunt . lois lane cubicle . lois a whirlwind . on two phone at once . type as she speak . fax churn page nearby -- lois ( into one phone ) hold the press for five minute ! {into second phone ) how destructive ? ( pack into first phone ) then just give I three ! ( hang one up , into second phone ) I owe you one ! lois hang up the second phone as clark appear at the door , still dress in he sweat , niece beside he -- the niece go clark Excuse I , lois , but I find you niece down in the gyn . niece the soda machine take my money and he make the can come out ! to lois , whisper something , smile at clark - lois you have get a fan . ( hand she a pile of papers ) now take this down to the press . ask for a big guy name bruno -- 32 niece ( head off ) right away , aunt lois ! clark do not you think , lois , that she 's a little young to be wander around ? lo be : no . but I do think you be take this relaxed dress code too far . perry white dash up to the door . frantically , to lois -- perry I have get ten press wait for you lead story and you be yakking it up with Kent ! get back to work ! lois dive back into she story . perry stare at clark -- perry well , I be glad to see at least someone 's use the gym ! intercom ( over ) smallville county assesor on one . lois pick up the phone . clark start out into the hall , stop , use he super -hearing to listen in on the follow -- lois ( qver ) any luck on the tax record ? county assessor's voice ( over ) we move a little more slowly than you folk in the big city , miss Lane . you be go back 30 year here . but I do find the record with the name of the family that own land next to the dig site . I can have it to you by morning . lois ( over ) I owe you one . country assessor 's voice ( over ) just spell my name right in the story . click . clark stand in the hall , absorb the news . he step back into lois 's office -- 33 clark ++. lois ? lois ( type away , not look up ) I be on deadline , Clark . clark it 's rather important . lo be shoot . clark I need to talk to you . not here , not now . alone . tonight . lo be : look , if this be about you byline on the u.f.o. story , it be perry 's call to put I first . clark it 's not about work . lo be ( glance up ) Clark Kent interested in something other than work ? now I be curious . what about dinner ? clark ( nervously ) dinner . great ... cuT to space . inside the skull ship . brainiac sit at the main control panel , watch the ship 's powerful sensor scan and analyze we solar system 's planet as it speed by each -~ Pluto , Neptune , Uranus , saturn , Jupiter , Mars , earth -- on which the screen suddenly freeze , lock on we planet -- brainiac stare at the control panel as wave of Earth 's electromagnetic transmission ( tv and cable show ) sweep over he screen -- a smorgasbord of global programming be see as individual snippet catch brainiac 's eye -- close on a ultimate fighting championship . two gorilla-size guy beat one another senseless inside a cage ring -- 34 ring announcer ( over ) it do not get better than this ! next screen . japanese game show . 50 manic asian contestant mud-wrestle up a steep hill toward a gleam toyota and -- next screen . fashion show . Rail - thin model waft down a runway while CNN 's elsa klensh provide commentary -- elsa thin be in . next screen . bela lugosi descend toward a throat and ~- next screen . soul train . stylish hipster get down and -- next screen . infomercial . a smile , hair-impaired man blast he bald spot with spray paint ( at which brainiac touch he own hairless cranium ) and -- image rapid - FIRE fill the screen -- a clint eastwood clip -- scene from '' go with the wind " -- in short , a montage of clip culminate in a portion of lex 's televise press conference from the day before as lex fill the screen -- lex «.- evidence of a extraterrestrial craft 's arrival on Earth ! reporter # 1 u.f.o .? when do it land ? lex approximately 30 year ago . brainiac watch as the screen fill with static -- broadcast signal overwhelm by a Jerry springer episode . brainiac bring up a schematic of Earth . his sensor zoom in on a flash green symbol in the center of mid-western America -- zoom in tighter to show the outline of metropolis -- brainiac activate the ship 's automated control -- brainiac conceal the ship behind the lunar sphere . ready the lander ... cuT to japanese restaurant . night . it 's crowded . chef cooking benihana - style at each table . clark and lois enter , wait to be seat . clark be surprised by the set and how busy it be , about to say something when the hostess arrive , lead they in . clark and lois be seat beside several stranger at a stove - top table in the center of the room -- 35 clark perhaps we could try a quieter -- tor ( to a pass waiter ) I ’1l1 have a sake . clark make that two . clark look around . people sit practically either side . the sake arrive . clark toss he back , to the waiter -~ clark two more . ww be you know , you be very different at work , Clark . clark I be ? thank you . ( that do not come out right ) you niece be quite remarkable . wwis thanks . she stay with I for a few week each summer . ( sip she sake ) so what be it you want to discuss ? clark ( nervously ) -- lois , you know this " alien " story everyone have such a ... thing , about ? they chef appear , bow , toss a bowlful of vegetable on the stove , clark and lois obliterate in a cloud of steam -- clark ( wave it away ) well the ship do have a occupant ~~ name superman . lo be shake she head . poor , confuse clark . patiently -- lois superman be a man with super power , Clark . that 's why they name he " Super ...man . " clark actually , lois ... you name he that , in the page of the Daily Planet . 36 lor because he 's a human who , through some genetic fluke , leap - frogged several eon ahead of the rest of we , a sort of hopeful harbinger of we evolutionary future . or do not you read my column ? clark always . and I know the piece by heart . a " anonymous source " say , off the record , that back in the 60 a private midwestern genome lab enhance a perfect male baby -- lor right . so ? clark well the piece relied entirely on '' unnamed expert , " " top insider " ... and wishful think . lo be ( set down she saki , angrily ) be you question my journalistic competence ? clark nervously begin tapping he foot under the table -- set up a strong vibrational field and -- everyone 's water glass at the table suddenly spill -- clark hurriedly stand , pent - up and jittery -- clark I have to use the man 's roon . cuT to men 's room . that at the urinal react to a blur and rush of wind which start at the door and end at the open window -- cuT to GOD 's eye view of the world as the blur streak full - speed around the globe , blow off steam and -- cuT to restaurant . two minute later . clark return from the man 's room , see busboys wiping up the water spill , sit down -- lois you hair , it 's windblown . 37 clark the hand dryer be a little strong . as I be say , lois ... what you want to believe be natural , and nice -- that the man of steel be a man . after all , he jook like a man , do not he ? and you be not alone . all of metropolis want to believe too . so do superman . .. superman most of all . - iois Clark , how do you know what superman think ? you always show up a minute after he leave ! ( stare at he , word hang in the air ) no . clark remove he glass , take off he tie . lois study he . Long beat -- wis ... there might be some resemblance . ( catch herself , laugh ) honestly , Clark , how can you expect I to believe you be superman ? clark pick a coal from the barbeque . he squeeze hard and set a diamond before she . lois just stare at it , stunne -- lo be I do not believe it ... all the time we , I mean Clark and I -- I mean , you work with I -- all the late night in the news room , all the morning -- all the time I come in with no make -up ! why do you wait so long to tell I who you be ? * clark because I do not know who I be . like the rest of you , I hope . that I be one of you . lois , it 's not like I be jewish and you be Christian and will the kid be bar-mitzvahe or confirm , it 's more like ... ( turn away , grop for the word ) we be not even the same species . lor what man and woman be ? clark but I be not a man . 38 lois so much the better . clark who know what problem it could cause ? what if I grow fin at 50 ? what if one day you come home and I be building a cocoon ? some day you will want to have a baby , lois , and I will not be able to give you one -- or if I can , he 's liable to ... who know , a human carry a " super baby , " he 's liable to -= to -- punch he way out . everything 's change , lois -- lo be not the way I feel about you . be this what you could not tell I the other night on the roof ? clark of course it be . I have find out I be a alien , lois . you must understand what that mean . lois so you be " different , " but what 's " normal ? " my father walk out when I be five . my mother leave I to be raise by my grandmother . grow up , I always feel like a outsider . clark you be brave , lois , and that make you a great reporter . but do not be brave in love , be wise . you deserve a man , not some outer - worldly be who crash - land on you planet . lo be .«.. what be you say ? clark it 's not you , it 's I . I need time alone , lois . to find answer . lo be ( stare at he , stunne ) you have spend you whole life hide , and just when someone get close enough to see who 's there , you run . my God , Clark , you be not different -- you be typical . 39 clark I be sorry , lois . lo be ( grip he hand ) I love you for whe you be . 's clark I see too well , lois ... that 's the problen . clark walk out . lois watch he go . Welling emotion . she take the diamond , squeeze it tight as we -- cuT to DAILY planet front page -- headline -- a four-part series by lois Lane lex ( over ) I want lawsuit file ! pull back to show lex 's office . night . a robe-wear , cigar-smoking lex slap the DAILY planet onto he desk , scream at morris , flanke by several beefy henchmen -- lex I want that mud-sling minx 's press card ! ( come around he desk toward morris ) she write about everything ! the pay-off ! my tie to organize crime ! even my liposuction ! I want to know how this happen ! morris it 's a free country , Mr. luthor ! people write what they want ! lex rt at do I hi for ? morris ( back into the space craft display } just a reminder , sir , in the positive column , we do have the first public view of you space craft fragment tomorrow . I arrange for the media and some local school to come -- a real one - two p.r. punch ! 40 lex ( to he goons ) hold he down . lex 's thug spread- eagle morris over the conference table . lex approach , puffing on the cigar , when -- the elevator door open and two strapping swedish girl enter -- lex hilde ! eval listen , I be run late . go back in the playroon . papa will be ready in five minute . lex cop a feel as the girl go giggle into the next room , close the door . lex approach the terrify morris when -- the light in the office start to dim erratically -- lex ( leok up , incredulous ) what , we do not pay we electric bill --? the room suddenly black out -- lex get maintenance on the phone ! a single spot light suddenly come on and -~ brainiac be see -- center of the room -- head emerge from the darkness ~- the rest of he body hide by a cape -- at he side , the outline of some large , fantastical creature -- doomsday ~~ its true size and shape impossible to discern in this dim light , its eye glow green -- a deafen , high - pitch squealing sound suddenly blow out all the window in the office -- shatter the display hold the space craft fragment -- lex ( cupping he ear , to he henchmen ) do not just stand there -- shoot it ! henchman # 1 whip out a saw - off shotgun , aim and -- brainiac raise a outstretch , cape-cover arm , point at the huge goon , propel he across the room -- slam he into a wall and the guard drop the shotgun -- it fall to the floor -- both barrel FIRE -~ the blast barely miss lex -- close on henchman # 1 stand , rush brainiac as a viclent arc of electricity suddenly shoot from brainiac 's eye -- hit the thug -- drain he down to a suite skeleton -- 41 henchman # 2 pull he handgun and -- doomsday bound through the darkness -- stifle scream -- horrible eat sound hear -- srunching -- slurping -- a sudden satisife burp and -- the thug 's bone be spit from the darkness a moment later -- skid to a stop near lex -- that two green eye just glow in the dark -- brainiac turn he attention to lex , approach -- lex ( hyperventilate ) forgive the welcome -- I over - react —- wine and cheese ? -- ( brainiac right before he ) oh God do not hurt I -- brainiac I have track kryptonian matter to this location . brainiac spy the mount space craft fragment , move toward it . morris roll off the conference table , cower below as he see brainiac come he way . lex use the opportunity to try and run , but a deep growl from doomsday draw he up short -- lex look , if this be about the piece of space junk , take it , it 's yours , we even polished it up for you -- brainiac silence ! ( study the space craft fragment , turn to lex ) be the kryptonian who come on this craft still alive on you planet ? lex ..- " kryptonian ? " he look like you ? brainiac his name be kal - El . lex it 's not ringing any bell . brainiac do you recognize this ? brainiac produce the metallic , stylize " S " he rip from jor - EL 's tunic -- bit of fabric still attach to the side , dry blood around the edge -- hold it before he -- lex superman ! 42 brainiac ( supreme disdain ) -«. " super-man ? " describe hin . lex faster than a speed bullet , stronger than a locomotive , real jock - type . brainiac kal - El ! brainiac 's reaction be electric -- spark arcing all around -- lex ' so superman 's the alien who crash ' in smallville . damn ! and all this time I could have be stir up , the public 's fear of the unknown . brainiac how do you know he ? lex superman ? everyone know about superman . Champion of the poor and weak . he 's on tv , magazine cover ~- he even have he own website . brainiac : ( look out at metropolis , appal ) i ++- he be revere by this people ? lex try the whole world . , a violent electric arc pass between brainiac 's head and a u light fixture -- ! ' lex i I take it he 's not a friend ? brainiac , I be here to kill he ! : lex . you can not , believe I I have try . , brainiac ! I watch he world die scream . invulnerable be something its inhabitant be not . 43 lex pinch I , I be in a dream ! I know everything about he ! his habit , he like , he dislike -- we will work together ! brainiac ( eyeing lex as he apporoach ) you walk like a hominid , but you talk like a invertebrate . - lex thanks . brainiac tell I , who be the most powerful entity on this planet ? lex superman . brainiac who be the second ? lex ( straighten , proudly ) well , when you consider wealth , control of vital industry , sheer force of personality , that would have to be ...me . brainiac near , eyeing he strangely . brainiac 's cape suddenly drop to the floor , and though we do not see what 's underneath , lex 's expression tell we it 's ghastly -- lex ( back away ) hey , look , I do not know what you do for kick on krypton but -- brainiac grab lex 's robe , pull it off -- lex be reveal to be wear a red , white and blue thong decorate with the american flag . he back up to the picture window , stand press against the glass , metropolis spread out below -- brainiac I need you body . lex so do I ! brainiac move in -- envelope lex in a stun display of art department and special effect genius , transmutatively consume he to the accompaniment of electric arc as -- 44 morris cower under the conference table , watch the transformation . the spark and arc cone to a end and -- " lexiac " stand before we . skin still rippling . joint still pulsing . ( note : lexiac look the same as lex , though he mannerism should reflect lex 's absorption . from here on , he will be refer to as lexiac , but seem like lex to all in metropolis . ) lexiac look at he hand , he body , feel he face -- suddenly see morris try to crawl from the room ~~ doomsday leap through the shadow , block morris 's way . morris slowly stand , will himself to face lexiac -- lexiac assist I , or die . morris ..e I think I have like to continue employment here . lexiac what do you know about superman ? morris only what I read in the papers , but there 's a reporter name lois Lane who have the inside scoop . the door to the next room open and the two strapping swedish girl emerge in the skimpiest of bikinis , a sight to behold -- girl / together time for you rub-down , Mr. luthor ! lexiac stare at the full - figure female form . his eye suddenly twitches . his facial muscle contract in a lex - like nervous tic . lexiac slap he face to try and stop the spasm . his brow start to spark . lexiac move twitching and sparking toward the scantily clad woman as we —- cuT to aerial view . metropolis . morning . the camera pan to show we be 50 storey up the 100 story lexcorp Building . Three glass - enclose elevator move up and down the outside and -- CUT to lexcorp plaza . same time . lois 's car pulis up outside lexcorp . lois , jimmy ( camera around he neck ) and lois 's niece step out . many school buse see . metropolis child stream into the atrium , pass beneath a banner read -- lexcorp space craft unveiling ! 45 lo be today he own satellite and a office building . tomorrow , a toothbrush and a tin cup . lois , jimmy and she niece cross the plaza -- see morris at the entrance , hand each kid a t-shirt bear a lexcorp logo happy face and the word -- " lexcorp 's my friend ! " - simmy he 's you friend all right , right up there with Joe camel . lois where 's luthor , Morris ? let 's get this rebuttal over with . cuT to lexcorp lobby . dozen of kide crowd onto three , glass enclose elevator . lois , jimmy and she niece appear -- niece I do not want to go , aunt lois . I want to stay with you . lo be I have to see Mr. luthor for a short interview . you go with the other kid to the observation deck and we 'il meet back here . niece but I be afraid of height . lo be ( bend down , take she hand ) I 'il help you write a story about it afterward , like a real reporter . niece okay , aunt lois . they hug . lois 's niece get on one of the crowded elevator . the door close . her niece bravely wave as the glass - enclose car glide up through the atrium . morris walk up -- morris Mr. luthor 's wait to see you in the mezzanine . ( to jimmy ) he ask there be no picture today . 46 jimmy lex luthor do not want he picture take ? that 's news by itself . what happen , he cut himself shave ? morris Mr. luthor be not different today than he be yesterday . if you run with that story , we will deny it . jimmy calm down . - I do not care if I take he picture . I have rather see the u.f.o. chunk anyway . jimmy watch lois go off with morris . he look across the lobby . a crowd of reporter and news crews be gather around the space craft fragment , make its first public gisplay . jimmy spy clark near the front of the group and -- CUT to ascending elevator . ( note : we will call this elevator # 1 . ) lois 's niece shield she eye as the glass ~ - enclose elevator travel up the outside of the 100 - story lexcorp building . she peek between she finger , see how high up she be , spy the other two elevator rise at various height alongside and -- cuT to lexcorp mezzanine . lexiac stand at a railing overlook the lobby , stare down at the crowd . morris arrive with lois -- morris Mr. luthor , miss Lane be here . lexiac turn , regards she -- lois ( pull a small cassette recorder ) I be taping this conversation to ensure accuracy , if that 's okay with you . lexiac that 's fine , miss Lane . I value perfection , above all . perfection of mind -- ( look she up and down ) and of body . 47 atrium . clark , press badge clearly see , stand with a group of other journalist gather around the space craft fragment display , stare at it . clark pretend to drop something , crouch down , try look up inside the fragment for clue to its origin when -~ jimmy appear -~ look down at he -- jimmy what be you do here , Clark ? clark ( quickly stand ) well , it 's a media event , Jimmy ... I be ~- cover it . jimmy ( regard the space craft fragment ) they say this thing come down 30 year ago . must of bring something with it . something probably real mean and nasty . let 's see ...30 year ago ... that be the late 60 -- Nixon ! clark be you here for a reason , Jimmy ? jimmy ( take photo of the fragment ) lois and I come for lex 's rebuttal . clark quickly scan the lobby for lois -- spot she on the mezzanine balcony , talk with lexiac . clark use he super - hearing to listen - in on the conversation -- lo be ( qver ) ... if you have any specific complaint , make they now . but just know I have source and back - up for everything . lexiac ( qver ) ( move nearer ) I be sure you source be accurate in many area , miss Lane . lo be ( over ) I be surprised to hear you say that . lexiac ( over ) ..- superman , for example . lois ( over ) what about he ? 4b lexiac ( over ) ( back she up against the railing ) tell I what you know . lois ( over ) ( stare he in the eye ) he 's decent , kind , virtuous -- everything you be not . cuT to ascending elevator . lois 's niece look out the window at the tremendous view all around and ~~ CUT to mezzanine . lexiac in conversation with lois . morris stand off to the side -- lexiac but how would one contact he ? lois you could offer to turn yourself in . he have probably escort you to the police station personally . lexiac I have to say , for a hu - , I mean female , you do have a undeniable .. spark . lois what 's get into you ? morris ( nervously step in ) I think we have reach the end of this meeting . clark suddenly appear -- clark hello , lois . lois ( surprised ) Clark . clark and lexiac stand mere inch apart -- regard one another -- two disguise character with a share past that go back to krypton -- neither aware of the other 's real identity -- 49 clark ( stare at lexiac ) I could not help overhear you conversation . lexiac you must have very good hearing . clark why the sudden interest in superman ? -lexiac can you locate he ? clark you do not answer my question . lexiac it 's a matter of life and ... death . clark I will pass it on . lois , the chief want we back at the Planet . I have a car outside . ( pointedly , to lexiac ) I be sure superman will get back to you soon . clark and lexiac regard one another , both sense something amiss . clark finally lead lois away . lexiac and morris remain at the balcony watch they go -- lexiac imust find kal -el . morris it 's not so simple , brainiac . superman 's a secrecy nut . the ‘only time he come be in a crisis . lexiac crisis ? why do not you tell I ? lexiac 's head emit a high -pitch whirring sound -- morris ( cow , sotto ) ..- you hard drive load up ? lexiac silence , while brainiac reverse the polarity in which power flow ! 50 morris bight here , right now ? a control panel on a nearby wall suddenly blow out . morris rush over , look in -- morris there 's a electrical short ! lexiac reconfigure the acsension unit 's propulsion drive . morris ( look up through the atrium ) the kid ! lexiac what be " kid " but miniature human ? curt to ascending elevator # 1 . the car near the top of the 100 ~ story lexcorp building , suddenly enter the enclose shaft cover the last 20 storey to the observation deck , angle sharply up a ramp , continue ascend . lois 's niece hold tightly to the rail while the dozen other kide react joyfully to the ride- like aspect of the elevator 's angle movement and -- cur to top of the elevator shaft . the elevator motor start to spark -- dramatically increase speed and -- cur to ascending elevator # 1 . the child be suddenly aware that the elevator 's rise faster and faster and faster -- the tour guide press the emergency stop button -- no effect and -- cut to lobby . alarm suddenly sound . clark and lois be move through the crowd . they stop . everyone look around and -- clark super sight Pov he quickly zoom in on the elevator light , see they blink through floor number at a incredible rate and -- curt to elevator # 1 . the kide be press to the floor , scream -- Si cuT to lobby . alarm blare . panicked parent , reporter and lexcorp employees gather around the elevator control as a maintenance ' worker open the main panel and a shower of SPARKS shoot out . lois push through to the front -- she niece ! and -- ccut to men 's room . clark rush in , pull off he tie , suddenly see a cleaning woman mop down the floor , quickly exit and -- . cur to lexcorp lobby . clark run through the panicked crowd , duck into a empty ATM foyer , start tug off he pants , glance up -- see a security camera just as he hear -~ security officer 's voice ( qver ) this be a monitor area ! put you clothes back on ! clark leave the foyer , see a door mark -- utility shaft -- clark break the lock , step into a shaft run up through the building -- blast into the air -- he clothes literally burn off by the heat -- blue and red suit reveal and -- cuT to top of the elevator shaft . the elevator motor spin wildly out of control -- cable whipping around they spool when one of the red-hot motor explode from the strain -- the cable hold car # 1 instantly severe by the blast and -- cuT to elevator shaft . car # 1 free-falls down the enclose shaft -- drop 20 storey in second -- hit the angle ramp and -- cuT to inside elevator # 1 . lois 's niece and the kide shriek as they be press to the back of the car by the sudden angle movement -- stare wide - eye out the glass - enclose front door as they barrel toward the glass - in outer shaft run down the last two - third of the lexcorp building . the car nearly jump the track -- tilt forward -- be almost propel out over the city -- 80 storey up -- kide about to be launch tc they death when -- the car catch the track -- continue drop down the outer elevator shaft and -- cuT to 52 top of the elevator shaft . the remain two elevator motor spin so fast they suddenly seize as well -~ both explode -- remain elevator cable severe -- car # 2 and # 3 now set into free - fall as well and -~ cur to observation deck . fist outstretch , superman blast through the roof of the utility shaft -- , veer over the side -- see car # 1 plummete down the outside of the building -- blast after it at super-speed -- rapidly gain as -- car # 2 and # 3 suddenly shoot into view behind it -- likewise drop down the outer shaftway and -- superman rocket by -- reach the fall car # 1 -- grip the roof while spread he foot to retard its fall as -- car # 2 suddenly come crash down the adjacent shaftway -- with one mighty arm , superman strain to reach into the next shaft -- catch the fall car like a outfielder -~ but both car be still drop -- superman 's bicep noisely rip through the steel I - beam that separate the shaft as he look up -- see car # 3 drop down the third shaftway -- superman think , suddenly fling car # 1 back up the building as we -- cuT to inside car # 1 . lois 's niece and the other kide be suddenly weightless from the rapid ascent and -- cur to outer shaftway . superman use he x- ray vision to fuse car # 2 , safely fix it between floor -- look up to see -- the fall car # 3 suddenly hit one of the inbeam bent by superman be arm -- slam off track directly above -- derail -- the car blast out of the glass shaftway just as superman streak beneath the car -- catch it -- stop it short -- the glass enclose front door shatter as the elevator tip forward -- kide roll toward the long drop -- huge pane of glass plummet toward the plaza and -- cur to inside car # 3 . kide roll toward the open , grab the railing to avoid tumble out -- but one little boy do not make it -- fall -- just manage to grab a shear - off electrical cable dangle from the car -- hang on for dear life in the gust wind -~ look down at the ground -- 500 foot below -- shriek with terror and -- 53 cuT to top of the shaftway . the large , damage motor assembly suddenly break away from its housing , tilt down the shaft . a single , thin support be the only thing keep it from plummete toward the action happen below and -- cuT to lexcorp plaza . parent , reporter and passersby pour out of the atrium , look up at the building to see the heart - stop sight of superman juggling the three elevator high up the lexcorp building -- kide scream —- jimmy and lois rush outside -- stare skyward when -- people in the crowd suddenly spy the huge piece of glass raining toward the plaza and -- the crowd scatter as the first of this large shard slice into frame -- shear a car completely in two -- other pane smash against the pavement with explosion of glass and -- cur to top of the shaftway . the elevator motor assembly suddenly pries the last bolt from its moor -- the big unit suddenly drop down the shaft -- head for the mayhen below and -- cur to car # 1 reach the top of its apex , start to fall -- lois 's niece and the other kide scream as they begin to drop and -- cur to outside car # 3 . 50 floors up . the little boy be lose he grip -- superman below the car -- force to use he shoulder and one hand to keep the car level as he edge towards the boy -- reach out to he -~ superman take my hand ! the boy be too scared to comply -- superman reach as far as he can without tilting the entire car and -- cuT to inside car # 2 . safely weld in place by superman 's x- ray vision . a tour guide inside manage to pry open the rear door -- smashes a building window -- rapidly herd the kide in she car to the safety of a hallway and -- cuT to b54 outside car # 3 . superman and the little boy 's hand almost touch -- almost there when -- car # 1 streak by ~- barrel toward the plaza below -- the wind from its pass blow the boy from superman 's grasp ~~ send he swinging away on the cable -- superman be confront with a wrenching decision -- have a mere split - second to decide whether to release the elevator he 's hold and doom the little boy or let lois 's niece and the other kide in car # 1 crash to the ground -- superman suddenly use he . x- ray vision to sever the cable the little boy 's hang on to -- the stunne child start to plummet earthward -- superman dive down -- the now unsupported elevator # 3 start to fall as well and -- cuT to falling young boy . superman appear , rocketing downward -- he grab the young boy , hold on to he tightly as he continue after fall car # 1 and -- cuT to lexcorp plaza . the crowd flee before the fall elevator and explode pane of glass -- shadow from the plummete car loom over they -- second leave -- total mayhem when -- superman give a final burst of speed -- race in -- grab the whipping cable of the fall elevator # 1 with one hand -- hold the little boy tight with the other -~ and with a mighty display of strength , superman slow the elevator -- set it safely on the ground -- superman quickly let the little boy down -- streak back into the air -- catch elevator # 3 -- slow its fall as well -- set it beside the other car and -- parent , reporter and passersby pour in from all around , cheer as superman help the kide from the car -- superman be everyone all right ? the stunne child nod as lois run up , hug she niece , regards superman -— - lo be God bless you . they eye lock in a unwaver gaze when -- someone suddenly scream -- point skyward and -- angle on 55 the fall motor assembly barrel toward the crowd -- no time to react -- superman brace himself -- catch the massive apparatus -- absorb the tremendous impact -~ set it off to the side and -- riotous cheering and clap resound over the square -- superman be mobbed -- camera crews filming -- jimmy and other reporter snap photograph -- a moment of sheer , spectacular triumph for metropolis and its hero when -- superman 's suddenly strike by a all consume , ultra high - pitch SOUND -- he look around -- people surround he -- patting he on the back -- clap -- no one else seem to notice the noise -- jimmy come up , snap he picture , yapping about something we can not hear when superman look up -- pin - point the source high atop the lexcorp Building -- superman ( to the cheer crowd ) ... Excuse nme . superman step back , blast into the sky and -- cot to top of the shaftway . 100 storey up . the motor explosion have blow a hole in the reof . wind whip through . spark cable add a eerie pall to the machine - laden space . that SOUND very loud here as -- superman streak up from below , land in the gloom . charge beat . he look around . try to zero - in on where it 's come from when -- the SOUND suddenly stop . superman move into the darkness as -- something powerful suddenly knock he leg out from under hin -- send he flat on he back -- superman leap up to see -- a large shadow recede into the shadow -- horrific squealing SOUND hear -- superman start after it -- pass beneath a sparking , dangle power cable and -- the cable suddenly seem to come to life , wrap itself tight around he like a boa constrictor -- as if it have a mind of its own -~ the sparking , crackle end of the high voltage line try to hit he in the face -- superman use he super - strength to break free -- step back as -- the squealing , unseen creature viciously yank superman from behind -- enormous speed and strength -- it slam he against a generator -- superman sink to the ground -- beast recede into the gloom -- superman get to he knee -- reeling from the two - pronge assault -- look up to see -- 56 lexiac emerge from the dark . he stand in the shaft of light angle through the ceiling -- superman if all this be some sick attempt to bring I here , lex , unfortunately for you -- it succeed . lexiac near , regards he closely -- feature rippling in anticipation , bone shifting as he come -- - lexiac ( study he ) yes , I can see the resemblance . superman you be not get off this one on any insanity defense , lex , so you can drop the act . lexiac gladly . a strange smile begin to form . a bizarre rippling be see under he skin . his face wildly contort , joint twist -- lexiac 's grin get wider and wider and weirder as lexiac 's head suddenly rip outward and brainiac 's head push through -- glow green in the darkness -- hideous visage -- superman ( stare at he , stunne ) .- what be you ? brainiac suddenly backhand superman -- send he crash against a wall -- brainiac you executioner ! superman get to he foot , all defense up now -- brainiac no last - minute escape this time , kal - El ! superman why do you call I that ? brainiac let that be a mystery you take to you grave ! | | | | | | | 57 brainiac 's eye emit a powerful energy burst that send superman nearly over the edge of the shaftway -- superman stand , shake it off as -- the high - pitch squealing sound fill the air -- two green eye suddenly appear , glow in the darkness -- superman freeze , watch they -- brainiac meet a genetic remnant from you pplanet 's past . . doomsday seem to swell in size as it move through the shadow , come straight for superman -— brainiac with you go , the people of this planet will revere a new entity -- brainiac ! doomsday explode from the dark -- tremendous speed , monstrous strength -- crash into superman -- superman teeter over a thousand foot drop -- struggle with the demon -- brainiac time to die , kal - El ! doomsday slam superman over the elevator shaft edge -- both disappear from view and -- cuT to shaftway . superman and doomsday be lock in a life and death battle as they fall -- suddenly crash through the roof of the empty elevator # 2 suspend on the 80th floor -~ the steel support beneath it break from the impact -- the car start to plunge and -- cuT to falling elevator . superman and doomsday smash around the inside like two combatant trap in a cage ~- superman stunne by the creature 's strength -- he strongest shot barely effect the beast -- doomsday grab superman by the neck -- lift he over he head -- start choke he and -- cuT to lexcorp plaza . the crowd flee as the fall elevator be spot and -- cur to falling elevator . superman break doomsday 's hold -- deliver a hyper-speed volley of powerful punch -- drive he back when ~~ the elevator suddenly crash to Earth and -- 58 cuT to lexcorp plaza . superman and doomsday crash into the ground -- they combine impact form a rubble - strewn crater and -- cuT to crater . through the thick dust and hiss steam a titanic pattle can be hear as -- the two warrior suddenly slam into view -~ superman be face - to- face with doomsday 's horrendous feature -- huge , snarling tooth , leathery skin , expose bone -- superman head - butt the. beast -- break free and -- cuT to lexcorp plaza . policemen pull up to the curb , rapidly start herding people away from the hole blast into the ground . a police captain go to the edge of the pit to investigate , look down -- smoke and steam collect in a thick layer some 20 foot down . he sniff the air , yell back to the other -- police captain the gas main break ! everyone get back ! cuT to inside the crater . superman pick up a large pipe , move through the dark , dusty , steamy bottom of the pit -- superman take a step and wham -- doomsday viciously slam he against a boulder -- superman duck as a enormous , claw paw slashes through the air -- hit the boulder where he have just be -- leave deep mark in the solid stone -- superman try to dive away but doomsday lash out -- upper-cuts superman out of frame and -~ cuT to lexcorp plaza . a news crew be broadcasting from the sidewalk when superman be hurl from the crater ~- into the air and -- cuT to metropolis bar . patron gather around the tv , watch the broadcast live , react in shock as they see superman eject from the pit -- slam hard into a building -- a imprint of he body leave in the brick as he slide down to the street -- the bar patron 's worried expression turn to cheer as superman shake off the hit , dive back into the pit and -- cuT to 59 inside the crater . superman and doomsday crash through the boulder -~- vicious hit ~- a battle royale -- barroom brawl feel to the fight -- superman gain the upper hand when -- a atinger - like body part shoot from doomsday ~~ hit superman | square in the chest -- glow GREEN slime suddenly ooze from the wound -- instantly weaken he -- superman see doomsday move in for the kill -- pulis a steam pipe from its moor -- drive doomsday back with a powerful blast of steam and -- ccut to lexcorp plaza . lois break through the police line , run for the crater -~ policeman come back here ! but lois continue across . she reach the edge of the hole , stare down -- the steam briefly swirl clear and superman be see , badly wounded -- he look up -- see she -- superman get back , lois ! lo be climb out ! hurry ! superman not while it 's still alive -- doomsday suddenly yank he superman back into the mist and -- cuT to inside the crater . doomsday deliver one vicious hit after another -- pummel the kryptonite - wounded superman -- each impact like a hammer of the god as superman look up and see a break MAIN spew volatile natural gas into the pit -- spy a high - voltage electrical line run over he head -- he kick doomsday into the gas main -- grab the high - voltage cable -- rip it in two -- spark erupt and -- a enormous explosion obliterate everything -- cuT to lexcorp plaza . a huge blast lift from the pit , rise high into the sky . debris raining down . Long beat before , lois emerge from the smoke -- peer into the crater and -- superman be see , lie amid the smolder debris and boulder . his dirt - cover body make it difficult to tell how badly hurt he really be . lois try to climb down , be block by rock and water stream from a break main -- 60 superman lift himself from the rubble , start crawl upward over the blast rock pile along the wall -- pull himself over the jag boulder -- ledge break away beneath he -- superman barely hang on as he reach the water stream from the break main -- painfully pull himself through -- mud wash away to reveal -- the man of steel 's badly bloody body -- mortal wound -- suit shred -- lois stifles a gasp -- superman crawl up to the top , backlit by fire , smoke plume up behind he as -- lois reach down -- use all she strength to help he up the last few foot and -- superman collapse in lois 's arm -- stare up at the sky -- stunne crowd watch all around -- news crew broadcasting live and -- extreme close up on superman die in lois 's arm -- lo be no ! superman look in she eye , life ebbing away -- lois you can not ! I will not let you ! ( scream back to the police ) please , do something ! ( grasp he hand ) hold my hand ! come on -- superman '' I be sorry , lois . lo be listen to I . listen to I . you will be fine . hold on -- superman 's eye start to close -- lo be talk to I ! what do this to you ? superman fade fast -- loo be help 's come -- I need you to hold on -- just hold on -- superman I love you , lois ... I always do ... 61 Los stay with I . superman I always ... will -- superman' eye close . he lay there . Dead in she arm -~ lois do not leave =-- oh God do not leave ! lois hold he , rock back and forth , she dream shattered as the news spread like wildfire through the crowd -- '' superman 's dead ! " -- murmur of disbelief -- sob -- jimmy edge forward with he camera . compose he shot -- a sort of pieta , lois as the virgin , superman as Christ ~- jimmy ( shutter click , freezing the image ) ... forgive I . cuT to clark apartment . " secret room . " same time . the rubik 's cube-like object suddenly glow intensely bright as all the color and symbol on the outside suddenly align themselves . the object open , a blind light shoot out , subside to reveal -- the object 's empty and -- fade out black screen . peal church bell echo through the empty darkness as we slowly -- fade in on a newspaper headline -- superman dead ! world mourn ! pull back to show the paper lie in a trashcan , under a streetlight as we -- pull back further to show metropolis boulevard . night . the entire city seem laden with black bunt . solemn crowd mass behind barricade , many hold candle -- angle on 62 STREET people be see gather around trash can fire , they silent stare a quiet riot against the death of a champion of the poor and -- lift to show a flame - flicker procession route stretch as far as the eye can see . women sob . men try to be stoic . but it 's the kide 's teary eye that break you : heart as a marine honor guard march slowly past , lead a horse - draw carriage bear superman be grand , flag -drape bronze casket and -- image fill the screen a black -veiled lois and she match niece walk behind the gun carriage , each clutching a bouquet of white rose -- a host of world leader follow the procession -- past and present president , european ruler , Middle Eastern king -- some struggle to try and stay strong , other be see openly cry -- a military drum unit provide a steady , stacato roll as the somber cortege pass a gather of tv cameras relaying the funeral to the world and -- CUT to superman' tomb . the procession pass through the gate of the park - like set of superman 's tomb -- a dramatically light monument in the center of fountain and a reflection pool -- the drum unit stop outside , continue play as we -- cuT to inside the tomb . several dozen mourner stand silent in the thick - wall , high - ceiling space as the marine guard gently set superman 's beautiful bronze sarcophagus on a marble pedestal surround by a small , shimmer , water - fill moat . a priest take lois 's hand , - lead she to the front of the tomb . lois lift she veil , look down at the casket -- lo be .-. there be storey be write , broadcast on tv , that seem aim at take he life and death and make he into some sort of god. ( long beat , look around ) he be not . lois pause for strength before continue -- 63 iis he be a extraordinary man , who would have want to be remember as a ordinary one . he be a man who have no family , but who embrace we all as he own . he be a man whose thirst for justice and goodness could not allow he to turn he back on other people 's problem , and ultimately cost he he life . he be a man who save people , yes , but who leave something much more precious and last ~- hope for a cynical world . ( stare at the casket ) go too soon -- a man who inspire I , because he care about the thing that I do ... and I can say with all my heart , all my soul , no matter where I go , no matter who I meet -- he will always be the most unforgettable person in my life ... lois break down . the priest take she hand , lead she from the podium . lois gently kiss the flag-drape casket and -- cuT to outside the tomb . mourner file away . a black -suite lexiac leave with the other as a journalist come up -- journalist any last thought on superman , Mr. luthor ? lexiac +.. I think miss Lane sum it up best when she note he be just -- aman . the people of this planet be leave yearn for a savior . I join they in hope that a true deity fill that role soon . lois overhear he remark as she pass . lexiac come up , walk beside she as the mourner leave the tomb -~ lexiac May I say , miss Lane , black become you -- lois take she niece 's hand , continue ahead of he . lexiac follow behind , watch she go , smile as the solid bronze door to the inner tomb clang shut behind he . two marine honor guard move forward , one light a eternal flame and -- 64 angle on lois 's niece walk away from the tomb with lois . the young girl suddenly turn , go back to the monument , gently place she small bouquet on the step and -- close on marine guard # 1 . stand at rigid attention outside the tomb . a single tear roll down he cheek as he watch she set the flower down . the mourner depart into the starry night as we -- : cuT to inside superman 's tomb . deathly silence . everything still when ... a odd light filter into the space , seem to drift through the darkness . the light suddenly intensify -- brighter and brighter -- flash with a blind fury as -- a figure rise in the dark -- back turn , feature unseen . the mysterious figure move to the burial platform , speak in the deep baritone of eternal space and time -- figure «.. I have fail you , kal - El . the be bow its head before the sarcophagus as we -- cuut to a tv broadcast fill the frame . a montage of highlight from superman 's funeral be see -- somber shot of the horse - draw carriage -- the massive crowd -- teary - eye mourner -- news anchorman 's voice ( over ) just some of the indelible image from last night 's global outpour of grief , as we learn this morning of a drive for the creation of a international " superman Day " -- pull back to to show lex 's office . morning . lexiac stand before a big screen tv , watch the broadcast . morris stand to the side . lexiac 's eye and cheek begin to twitch as the tv flash a final , black - border photo of superman -- anchorman 's voice ( over ) a day of world rememberance to honor Earth 's fall hero . 65 lexiac 's feature suddenly contort as brainiac 's head push through , stick out at a strange angle , scream at the tv -- lexiac he be a dribble little brat ! a biological accident ! mere flesh and blood ! he be nothing ! morris watch wide - eye as brainiac turn to the window , look out at metropolis -- - brainiac and you revere he ! the ego of the man ! look at the suit ! the cape ! and for what ? a few pitiful parlor trick ! huge SPARKS suddenly arc between brainiac and the over-head light . morris duck as several large fixture come crash to the floor . brainiac just stare down at the city -~ brainiac well if you like power ... you be gonna love not . with brainiac 's head stick out to one side , the lopsided lexiac pass a mirror , flash a sparking smile -- brainiac what 's not to love ? brainiac glance at the fish tank . lex 's large piranha stare back at he from just below the surface -~ brainiac what be you look at ? the piranha suddenly spit water in he face . brainiac stick he hand in the tank , grab it , shove it in he mouth , chew -- bone , fin and all -- morris ( nervously back out of the room ) I have a few call to return -- brainiac morris with what , Mr. B ? brainiac transfer this planet 's misguide adoration for superman to I . 66 morris .-- how many century do we have ? brainiac 's head suddenly suck down inside lexiac and the outer cover seal shut . lexiac do several odd shake , settling the bizarre package , gaze out at metropolis -- lexiac regards lexiac you be a unique race , in awe of technology , but roote in you primal past . I will bring limitless advance to - you planet . I will extend you life span from decade to millenia . I will breed you species into a bio-mechanical race of unrivale power and perfection . and all xy demand in return be ... the planet 's undy devotion . morris maybe we should run a few study group first , see how folk feel about be enslave -- lexiac no delay ! morris well I no keep that head pop out thing to a minimun . lexiac ( regard himself in the mirror ) I understand my real appearance could cause fear . I will first create goodwill in this form and then reveal myself to you world . lex 's impressive computer set - up -- morris it 's call a computer , let I show you how it -- lexiac 's hand reconfigure into something that he insert directly into the hard drive -- morris .. Works . ream of data scroll at hyper - speed across the screen as we -- angle on 67 lexiac . plugge in . Wide -ey . in the midst of access the world - wide electronic web . lexiac learn everything about we world and way of life as we -- cuT to DAILY planet . evening . the CITY room be much busier from last we see . clatter teletype . harried reporter and ~- angle on a man in a dark visore motorcycle helmet and leather jacket enter the busy room . no one seem to notice as the man stride through , head straight for perry white 's office , open the door -- perry be see , back turn , talk on the phone -- the helmete man reach into he jacket as he come up behind he -- perry suddenly turn -- see he ~-- shout -- perry where the heck have you be ?! jimmy remove he helmet , hand perry a roll of film -- jimmy that 's from the armored car robbery . ( he pull another roll of film ) that 's from the subway derailment . ( pull another roll of film ) and that 's from the construction accident . one photographer be enough before superman , but ten people with camera could not cover all the news out there now . perry take short lunch . jimmy lunch ? I do not even remember what that be . I have not eat in day . and I do not have much to lose . I be get so skinny I almost blow off my mope come over here . perry ( call out to the busy city room ) lois ! where 's lois ? cuT to DAILY planet conference room . lois work alone at a table cover with superman material . a large draw of a propose superman statue be propped up behind she . lois type furiously on a computer while talk on a speaker phone ~- 68 lo be ... the superman trust would be honore to have you as a member , Prime Minister . you time commitment would be nominal . prime minister 's voice ( over ) ( british accent ) of course I 'il serve , miss Lane . as for the workload , oversee the country 's affair and honore superman 's memory be of equal import to I , and , I '' sure , to ny people . perry white burst in , see lois -- perry what be you hide in here for ? prime minister 's voice ( over ) be that all , miss Lane ? perry ( go to the speaker phone ) it sure be -- she 's on a deadline ! ( press the hang - up button , to lois ) who be that ? lo be ( type away ) the british Prime Minister . perry pale . he look at all the superman material spread around the conference room , regards she -- perry listen , lois , you work with the superman trust be noble and worthy , I get that -- but it 's a full - time job . I have a paper to run , and with Kent miss I be short - staff as it be . you can not do both -~- lois press the print button , grab she purse , start out of the room -- perry where be you go ? lois to approve the site of the superman memorial . a city room tv 69 perry do you hear any of what I say ? lo be I have not miss a deadline yet . I can handle it . period , end . tune to CNN suddenly catch she attention -- tv anchorman -~ use independent forenic and chemical expert , the Washington Post report today that the beast that kill superman be the occupant of the space craft recently unearth by lexcorp -- perry why do not we have that story !? lois because it 's not true . perry how do you know ? lois because superman be -- ( catch herself ) ... because I know . something else bring that creature here , something that just might have stick around . do not you think it 's strange superman die right outside lexcorp ? do not anyone else notice how edd lex act at the funeral ? perry there 's nothing to tie luthor with what happen , and he do not seem to be hide anything . he 's go on " nightlive " tonight . the station ask if you have provide counterpoint , but see how busy you be -- lo be i‘ msgo . lois suddenly feel dizzy , steady herself on a desk -- lo be must be lack of sleep . ( catch perry' concerned look ) I be fine . , | 4 i a | 70 perry you be run yourself into the ground , and I care about you too much to sit back and watch you do it . perry place a hand on she shoulder . paternally -- perry take care of yourself , lois . for yourself , for we ... and for he . perry be word hit home . lois look at he , nod and -- cur to a " nightlive " logo fill the screen . the show 's theme music play as the logo fade and a stiff tele -journalist appear -- host Post -superman Earth . tonight we take a look at we world without the man of steel . we first guest be lex luthor , whose vision of the future include a myriad of revolutionary , lexcorp technolgy . cuT to television studio . same time . the tv camera pull back to show lexiac sit beside the show 's host -- host mister luthor . let 's be frank . many people see you company as a mere front for a far-reach criminal enterprise . opponent insist it 's only a matter of time before you and you confederate try to capitalize on superman 's death . you reaction ? morris stand watch in the wing , wince at the question -- lexiac .-- I be here to discuss the future . ( look directly at the camera ) a future where flaw heros be replace by marvel of science and technology . the camera pull back to reveal a round , reflective , eye-like device set on a stand -- the same device we see on krypton 7 71 lexiac this be a thermionic transfer port , a device which will allow a user to telepathically send and receive data via the insertion of a small cranial implant . think communication will be possible anywhere on the globe . host very intrigue , mister luthor . let 's see what we second guest , Daily Planet reporter lois Lane , have to say about it . miss Lane -- the camera pull back to show lois , seat beside lexiac -- lo be I think Mr. luthor 's in need of a cranial implant . my God , we can not even trust he to take out the trash , much less tap into we thought . lexiac the technology be at hand , miss Lane . and I will administer it . lois where do it come from ? what be the risk ? my reader want answer , Mr. luthor , and you be not go to administer anything until we get then . lexiac glare at lois . a spark suddenly arc between he chin and the small microphone in he lapel -- host oreach for lexiac 's mike ) I be sorry , Mr. luthor . it must be some sort of short - circuit -- lexiac ( swatting he hand away , to lois ) this device be a gift . you insolence aside , the vast majority of people will embrace it . my advance will allow everyone to find the super- be within . lo be superman 's strength come from he heart , not from the kind of high - tech gadget you peddle . 72 lexiac yes , well he heart 's not give he much strength now , be it ? lois why you -- host ( lean between they ) we will be back after this . cur to darkness . then sound -- the crackle and hum of electrical energy -- soft echo of drip water -- and the faint , unmistakable beat of a human heart . a bright electric arc suddenly illuminate the scene and -- pull back to show superman' tomb . in the dim darkness we see the tomb interior have undergone a dramatic transformation . mysterious kryptonian hieroglyphs now cover the wall , somehow etched into the solid stone . another arc of electric light flash through the room . the sound of the beat heart intensify . a groan of pain suddenly echos through the space as we -— pull back further to show superman 's sarcophagus . the heavy lid have be remove . superman lie in the now fluid-filled interior . a complex web of tube and piping surround he near naked hody . flash of electricity course through the gel . his unconscious form shudder with each burst of life - give energy as -- the figure move through the shadow of the tomb -- catch in the flicker light . we now see the dark , ill -define face and form of a be -- a sudden electric flash and -- close on the be . male in appearance , ancient in age . equal measure of wrath , benevolence , compassion and grief be see etched in its craggy feature . a robe-like cover shield its body from view . the be move close to the sarcophagus , look down . superman 's deeply scar form be envelop in the mysterious fluid . the be 's presence make the gel begin to bubble and glow -- be ...¥ you must want to come back , kal - El . 73 the fluid continue to churn as a bright green light suddenly flash over he -- be you must fight for you future . superman be suddenly hit by another flash , then another -- be and you past . close on superman' cheek -- a deep gash be see , musclature expose -- the glitter fluid seem to weave new flesh -- be 's voice ( over ) you be the last of you race . New vessel and sinew be see " grow " before we eye -- be 's voice ( qver ) a world reside in you . the be lean over the man of steel , seem to speak directly into he mind -- be eight . superman react unconsciously to the command , stir restlessly -- be fight for that which give you life meaning . superman ‘s eye suddenly tighten , bright flash of light and -- cuut to inside superman 's mind . a memory of a Daily Planet party . Black tie and evening gowns . Christmas decoration line the city room . desk push away to form a dance floor . a blow - up of a Daily Planet front page be see , headline read -- =| ! a tuxedoe perry white talk to a newly hire , black - tie attire clark kent near the punch bow ] -- perry white I be a good judge of people , Kent . if I think you can cut it , you can . jimmy olsen walk up , fill a cup -- 74 perry white Jimmy , meet we new man , Clark Kent . jimmy shake hand , lean in , speak sotto to clark ~~ timmy do not believe the Christmas cheer crap . the guy 's worse than scrooge . ( as he leave , to perry ) great party boss ! you be the best ! - perry pain in the ass , but he take a good picture . ( spot someone , call out ) lois , there 's someone I want to introduce you to . the crowd seem to part as a beautiful , gown lois lane come toward they . a vision . clark 's look say it all -- perry lois Lane , meet Clark Kent . lo be ( shaking hand , regard he ) you look familiar . clark I hold a door open for you today . lois they do not teach that in journalism school . ( look down ) that 's quite a grip you have , Clark . clark stare at she , smile , suddenly realize he 's still shaking hand , let go . music begin . a romance melody fill the room . few take to the dance floor -- clark would you care to dance , lois ? lo be hold door and dance too ?... oh , why not . you only live once -- clark lead lois to the dance floor . he take lois in he arm and they begin to dance -- tentative at first -- then more graceful -- around the space -- as if they have do it all they life -- the only two on the floor -- glorious beat -- 75 lo be I have not do this since I be a little girl . clark I bet every boy want to dance with you . lois laugh . clark hold she as they spiral across the floor . two of they dance in a blur . lois hold tight . the song end as clark and lois sweep to a stop , regard one another -~ lo be ... thank you , Clark . I / 11 never forget that . clark neither will I , lois . clark lead she from the floor , spot a pass waiter , grab two cup of punch , turn to offer one to lois when he 's bump from behind <- spill the cup down the front of she dress -- clark I be sorry , lois ! ( wiping with he tuxedo sleeve ) you dress -- lois it 's not the end of the world . Excuse I , while I go clean up . lois go to the lady room . clark stand there , alone -- be 's voice ( over ) enough for now , kal - El ... clark look around , see the room darken , realize he 's in a memory -- clark lois -- the room melt to black . a tuxedoe clark be leave under a spotlight . he look up at it -- clark lois !!! flash of light and -- cuT to 76 lexiac 's office . day . ' there 's be a major remodeling . a network of electrical conduit now criss -cross the wall . expose cable cover the ceiling . exotic wiring snake from the floor . the high -pitch squeal of rapid data transmission be hear as we -- angle on lexiac 's desk . strange hook-up , electric bypass and electronic circuitry channel huge amount of everything directly into the desk , at which sit lexiac , watch financial info stream over a array of large screen . a harry morris stand nearby , wear a telephone headset , read from a stack of phone message -- morris ... the f.d.a. and the a.m.a. have condemn you think communication device and vow to stop you from bring it to market . the d.w.p. be send over a investigator to find out why we be suddenly use enough energy to light up Ohio , and the s.e.c. be freezing you account to determine how you make five billion dollar in one hour of trading . lexiac how be not important . the money will be donate in my name . you race will be greatly appreciative . morris it 's not that easy , Mr. B. the i.r.s. be breathe down we neck I mean lex 's neck -- I mean you . they 's 11 put a lien on that money for sure . lexiac angrily reach ' over to a desk lamp , put the bulb in he mouth , crush it , suck on the electricity , seethe -- lexiac I need a new body ! someone the public will trust ! find a suitable form ! bring they here ! morris I all draw up a list . if you do not mind my ask , why do not you just skip the goodwill part and take over the planet ? .. ee es o. ware . oe 7 lexiac that 's not the point ! this world will embrace I as they do kal - El ! lexiac suddenly send out a angry arc of electricity , blow out the computer set - up -— morris ... of course they will . ( morris 's phone ring ) Excuse I . ( into the headset ) yes ? ( beat ) oh no -- morris quickly go to the window , look down and -~ CUT to lexcorp plaza . a large crowd of angry protester have decend on lexcorp , gather around the under- repair crater where superman be kill . many placard and sign be see , among they -- " save superman 's shrine ! " -- " honor the site where he died ! " ~- " permanent memorial now ! " -- angle on lexcorp security guard try to herd the protester from the plaza . fights break out . much punch and hit and -- cuT to lexiac 's office . same time . lexiac watch from the window . feature darken -- morris they be threaten to have a candlelight vigil every week . maybe we should just put out a teensy - weensy , little plaque -- lexiac never ! lexiac 's Pov the protest be become a near riot . the superman memorial sign be be use to beat back the lexcorp guard -~ lexiac ( spark arcing across he brow ) ... my patience with you people be wear thin . 78 pound be suddenly hear at the door . morris cross the room , open it and -- four of lex 's beefy associate barge into the office , brush morris aside -- morris he 's busy ! no visitor -- associate # 1 you have be freezing we out for the last week ! we gotta talk to he -- the associate suddenly stop , look around the radically change office , see lexiac behind the high - tech desk -- associate # 1 look , boss , I do not know what 's go on with you or why you have be freezing we out , but we get a major problem . all this image reform stuff you have be spout off about have the other syndicate think you have go soft . the boss be meeting right now to carve up you territory . lexiac ( lex - like facial tic ) take I there . CUT to metropolis meat packing plant . a dozen crime boss and they henchmen sit in the middle of a refrigerate warehouse . side of beef hang all around . the large of the boss stand by a map of metropolis , in mid-conversation -- crime boss ... lex 's garbage route go to sal . one of the boss at the table smile at the windfall -- crime boss his cement contract go to the krupp boy . two aryan-look twins nod in appreciation -- crime boss and the union go to I -- a sudden commotion be hear at the entrance to the warehouse . the crime boss and they henchmen instantly pull they gun . the side of beef surround the secret meeting part and -~ lexiac appear , alone . the meeting stop . all eye turn <-- 79 crime boss you get cajone come here by yourself , lex . lexiac look around the room , take in all the weaponry -- crime boss but it 's too late . you have be deal out . like you always say , if someone 's dumb enough to turn they back , put a knife in it . nothing personal , lex . strictly business . and there 's only one '' last thing to take care of -- every gun in the room suddenly turn on lexiac . lexiac look up -- spy dozen of electric- power meat processing tool dangle by power cord from the ceiling -- crime boss ! ( cock he gun , smile ) on second think , it be not just business . I have want to plug you for a long time -- lexiac suddenly send a arc of electricity to the main power cable overhead and -- the array of industrial - size bone saws , meat drill , carve knive and steak shear hang from the ceiling suddenly whir the life . the crime boss look up in shock as the meat cut implement drop and attack from every direction -- the lexiac - control tool slice and dice through the criminals like they have mind of they own -~ the henchmen ! desperately fire at the craze mechanical device -- no stop they -- no escape they deadly blade and -- close on lexiac . watch the implement chop and cut they way through the room . smiling at the gruesome spectacle . the loud whirring sound of the electric-poweded tool nearly drown out the crime boss terrify scream as we -- CUT to : superman 's tomb , flashes of light shoot from the bubbling , , churn sarcophagus . magical , mystical point of energy seem ! to hover and dance over superman 's submerge body . the sound '' of a rapid heartbeat reverberate through the tomb as the regeneration process reach a climax -- heartbeat increase -- flash of light gain in intensity -- superman 's body be obliterate by the pure energy gather over he form as -- a sudden , blind burst shoot through the tomb and -- 80 everything be suddenly cast in dark shadow . a dim glow of remnant energy radiate from the wall . absolute silence -- close on superman 's now heal body lie in the drain sarcophagus . his eye blink open . he stare up at we . unsure where he be . mind reeling . his hand grasp the side of the sarcophagus and superman slowly pull himself up . daze . he climb from he rest place , look down -- see he 's cover in a entirely new suit . it 's cape-less , darker than the old outfit , altogether mysterious . a stylize mask partially conceal he feature . superman look over , regards he own sarcophagus , touch it , as if to make sure it 's real . he gaze around , suddenly spot the be in the shadow -- superman ... who 's there ? ( peer into the darkness ) fs be I be k , that which bring you to this planet . superman look back at the sarcophagus , try to comprehend -- superman I be in lois 's arm , she be hold I ... and then everything go dark . k there be much for you to learn , kal - El , and no time to explain . you memory now be fill with many thing . of krypton , you home , and of brainiac , its destroyer . superman he 's here . k which be why we must go . superman where ? k there be other planet , kal - El . other yellow sun . superman I be not leave Earth -- not now . b1 k you father create I to protect you , kal - El . you be safe here before , but with brainiac 's arrival that have all change . superman this time I will be ready for hin . k in you present state , you would be no match . superman we ’ll_see about that . superman stride to the heavy tomb door , try to punch one open and -- crunch -- he fist flatten against the door . stun beat . superman look down at he hand . he 's stung by the blow , but much more in shock by the loss of he power -- superman ( spin on k ) what have you do ?! k the injury put you kryptonian physiology in stasis . I revive you ... but you have lose you " super " power . superman turn to the door -- punch again . it hurt like hell , but he just stare at he hand , reeling . he hit the door again , fight back the sensation of pain . superman punch the door again and again , hand bleed , refuse to believe it 's true -- k you have you father 's persistence . superman hurl himself against the door , heave he shoulder to the heavy steel , use every ounce of strength to muscle it open , disappear down the inner tomb corridor and -- cuT to outside superman 's tomb . night . metropolis in darkness all around . acre of bouquet be pile all through the grounds . the flicker eternal flame be see burn outside the tomb , provide a eerie illumination as we -- angle on 82 a nicely dress couple walk through the grounds , approach the tomb . ' the couple stop before the flower - cover approach , lay down they own simple offer , bow they head as ~~ a heavy rap beat suddenly break the stillness and -- Three trick - out gang car , suspension system bounce up and down in time with the music , pull up to the tomb . Young thug pile out , laugh , yell , toss around can of spray paint . the couple try to leave , be quickly block -- thug # 1 not so fast , the party 's just start ! the couple be too frighten to respond -- thug # 2 ( circle the woman ) on second think , you stay -- ( shove the man back ) you can go . the man make a move to help , have he armed pin back by one thug while a second thug spray paint a S on he chest , kick he down the step . the thug burst out laugh as the woman try to dart away -- be block -- try to run another direction -- again block -- the thug laugh and drink as the terrify woman back into the heavy door of the tomb ~- thug move in -- music blast from the car as -- the door of the tomb suddenly start to creak open . the woman jump away as the thug step back and -- superman emerge from the tomb , stand in the moonlight wear - the dark suit , he feature partially conceal by the mask -- thug # 1 check it out ! kal -el nsee the woman ) let she go . the thug circle he -- laugh and sneering -- thug # 2 what the hell be you ? thug # 3 I know -- ( rapping on superman be new suit ) he 's garbage man ! one thug come up behind superman with a tire iron , slam it across he back , send he sprawling across the cement -- 83 they circle around he like a pack of dog . superman try to rise -- get a boot in he stomach , another in the face -~ superman gasp for breath as -- four thug suddenly lift he eff the ground , carry he to the eternal flame -- hold he over it -- superman desperately try to pull away from the heat -~ push closer and closer -- superman look across -- spy k watch from the shadow of the tomb and -- superman ( call to he ) help I ! thug # 1 ( leok back , see nothing ) he 's talk to himself ! the thug push superman 's face ever closer to the flame ~~ superman kitt a bright flash of light shoot from the tomb entrance as the suit suddenly emit a strange glow -~ send a powerful jolt into the thug 's hand -~ force they to let go . superman stand , look down at the suit , surprised -- k’s voice ( over ) I can approximate a fraction of you former power , but I do so only until you see the wisdom of leave this world . the half - dozen thug descend on he -~ superman react -- he send one thug fly down the step with a mighty blow -- the other thug come in swinging -- rap music blaring and -- superman become a tornado of movement -- thug be hurl through the air -- send crash down the flower - cover step -- slam into one another -- knock unconscious -- superman dodge blow , knife , kick a gun from one thug 's hand -- grab a can of spray paint from another thug -- blind several more with blast of paint -- send they reeling away , clutching they eye as -- the last thug come at superman with the tire iron -- superman juke a swing -- grab it away -- take out the thug with a crush punch to the face and -- angle on the gang car park in front of the tomb . rap music play as the last few thug be send tumble down the step -- slide unconscious up to they car , can of spray paint roll to a stop beside they . superman come down the step , spot the woman cower behind one of the car . he approach she -- b4 superman you be safe now . ' the woman get one look at the dark suite figure come she way , scream , take off run . superman go to one of the car , rip off the side mirror -- regards he reflection . he feel he bloody lip , touch he bruise cheek . he shatter the mirror on the ground , disappear into the night and -- cur to metropolis STREET . night .. a immense , lexcorp stretch limo roar through the city , be see towing a big , rumbling , mobile generator behind it and -- cuut to inside the limo , lexiac and morris in the rear . area . loud music on the stereo . morris nurse a martini , watch lexiac while he angrily suck on a sparking power cable that run out the window , back to the generator trail the car -- lexiac ( stare out at the city , darkly ) ..- you race be no different than the kryptonian . small -mind . irreperably flaw . ungrateful morris it 's two in the morning , Mr. B. you have a tough day . maybe you should lay off the juice , or turn yourself off for awhile . lexiac look out the window as the limo stop for a light . his eye narrow and -- lexiac 's Pov a night maintenance crew be change a series of street sign , bolt down new name plate that read -- " superman avenue " ~-- the limo pull through the intersection , drive by a DAILY planet delivery van bear a prominent advertisement for the next day 's news -- " billion pour into superman trust " and -- close on lexiac stare at the headline as the limo pass a darken construction site . something catch lexiac 's eye -- lexiac stop the vehicle ! 85 CUT to metropolis construction site . night . the limo skid to a stop . lexiac emerge -- stare at the site of the future superman memorial . lexiac approach , stand face - to- face with a life-size model of superman -- the mock - up for what , when finish , will be a giant , bronze statue . lexiac glare at he nemesis 's recreation , look up at the sky , imagine the finish statue . his eye narrow into a murderous gaze -- morris ( call from the car ) something wrong , Mr. B ? lexiac ( crush beat ) - 's he live forever . lexiac 's skin ripple in fury , joint shifting ominously -- lexiac ... there 's only one way to remove all vestige of he memory now . lexiac stare out at the sleep city , angry spark arcing across he brow as we -- cuT to metropolis skyline . night . and what at first seem like just a pretty shot reveal , upon closer inspection , a amazing detail -- a dark figure be run over the rooftop , leaping from building to another as we -- cuT to rooftop . superman sprint over the top of a building , bound into the air -- just clear a long drop down a alley -- land on the next building -- keep go -- k’s voice ( over ) there 's no where to run . i to reason . superman sprint to the side of the building , approach a 20 foot canyon to the next rooftop -- leap into the air -- five storey off the ground -~ slam into the side of the adjacent building -- just grab hold of a rail -- hang there -- pull himself up -- exhaust and bruise by the effort -- superman stand -~ look out at metropolis ~- k’s voice ( over ) this be never you world , kal - El . 86 Long , lonely beat . a breeze blow over the rooftop as -- the distant sound of scream be suddenly hear -- superman' Pov flame and smoke rise into the night , the result of a far off apartment FIRE -- superman I have to help then . - k’s voice ( over ) how ? superman any way I can . superman swing over the ledge , take off down the fire escape and -- cuT to apartment build FIRE . night . smoke shoot from the window . tenant stream down the step . no emergency response have as yet arrive as the k-suite superman appear , see a young boy trap behind a window grate on a upper floor -~ young boy help ! I can not get out ! mother ( scream from the street ) somebody save my son ! several tenant start back into the building to try and save the boy when -- a fireball shoot out the front entrance , block they way . the entire building be now consume . no hope for the boy . superman rush across the street -~ k’s voice ( qver ) you be mortal now , kal - El ! superman I do not expect you to understand ! superman kick open a fire hydrant , soak himself from head to foot , bolt up the step , shield he face with he hand , leap through the wall of flame and -- cuut to inside the build . a inferno . superman move fast up a fiery stairwell and -- | | 87 close on superman be expose hand and face be singe by the heat -- a burn beam crash down -- nearly hit he -- superman grab the railing to continue up -- react as he sear he finger on the red-hot steel -- k’s voice ( qver ) turn back , kal -eli the young boy 's cry be hear . superman sprint up the flame stair -- break through one -- scramble up to the top floor -- gasp for air in the smoke - fill corridor -- superman kick in door as he pass each apartment ~- finally reach the last door on the hall -- break it down and -- superman 's Pov the young boy be see unconscious by the bar window -- surround by flame and -- cuT to STREET . superman appear through the heavy smoke pour from the entrance , cough and gasp for air , carry the unmove boy down to the street . stun reaction all around as the dark suite superman lay the boy on the ground , quickly begin mouth - to- mouth breathe . the boy' mother break through the stunne onlooker , drop to she knee in prayer as superman valiantly try to resuscitate he . he slowly stop . pull back . regards the boy . no sign of movement when -- the child suddenly cough , moan , he eye open and -- the boy' mother sob for joy as she pick up she son . the crowd move in excitedly all around as -- jimmy ride up to the fire on he mope , pull off he helmet , immediately start snap picture of the burn building . jimmy spot the crowd gather around the boy , approach a man on the fringe of the group ~- jimmy what 's go on ? man some guy in a robot suit just save a kid ! jimmy '' robot suit ? '' jimmy muscle through the crowd with he camera , angle for a shot . he reach the center of the crowd , see the mother cradling she cough son , superman no where to be see -- angle on 8s jimmy ( look around ) where no he go ? who be he ? mother ( tear of joy ) a angel . rooftop across the STREET . superman climb up , still cough from the smoke , look back at the fully engulf building -- k’s voice ( over ) --. such will be the fate of this entire world , kal - El . flame from the fire flicker across superman 's feature -- k’s voice ( qver ) I be receive the electronic signature of a device -- a technology I have encounter only once before ... just prior to krypton 's destruction . brainiac 's work have already start . by this time tomorrow , it will be do . superman turn , look out at the lexcorp building , tower over the city skyline , light like a beacon in the night -- charge beat . k‘s voice ( qver ) he be a destroyer of world , kal - El . superman k‘s voice ( over ) I can make you leave if I must . superman let I at least try to stop it , K. metropolis sparkles in the night -- superman I be the reason brainiac 's here . one chance . that 's all I ask . k’s voice ( qver ) +». if you fail , we must go . if you have any goodby , make they now . a9 cuT to close on -- the sleep silhouette of a woman . bath in moonlight . faint sound from a adjoin room . lois stir , glance at the clock , moan with fatigue , about to put a pillow over she head when -- the noise be hear again -- cuT to lois 's apartment . dead of night . a scantily clad lois come down a hall , clutching a baseball bat . she open a bedroom door , look in -- she niece - be see , sleep peacefully in she bed . lois close the door , continue down the hall , bat raise . she enter the darken live room . balcony drape blow on the breeze from outside , fabric billow in the wind . lois move through the room , hold the bat when -- something leap from the darkness -- lois scream , swing -- hit a lamp as a cat scurries from the room -- tor damn it ! lois bend down , pick up the break lamp , head back into the bedroom as the balcony drape lift and -- lois be suddenly face - to- face with a mask figure -- she shriek -- swing the bat <- strike he in the body -- groan of pain -- the figure come at she -- she hit he again -- and again -- superman lois -- it 's I ! lois back into a chair , lose she balance , start to fall as the k-suite superman grab she , pull she near -- superman lois , stop ! lois stop struggle , watch as superman remove the face plate . everything freeze . lois stare at he -- loo be ( bat drop from she hand , stunne ) it can not be -- superman it 's I , lois . lois but you die . I see you die . it 's not possible -- ( mind reeling ) ..- you : stage it ? ( suddenly furious ) why do not you tell I !? 90 superman I do not stage anything . it happen , lois . it be real . lois you be really alive . superman I do not know how . lo be I do not care . you be here . lois kiss he , hold he tight , start to cry -- lois it 's like a dream ... superman embrace she , drink in the feel of she , the smell of she , the touch of she . barely able to say it -- superman there 's something else , lois . lo be nothing else matter . superman »» - I can not stay . lois look at he . a dead silence that feel like year -- lois what be you talk about ? superman something from my past be here . it 's take over lex . it 's go to destroy this world just as it do mine . I have to try and stop it . lois what can I do ? superman pray . ( hold she , perhaps for the last time ) lois , there be thing I never say ... never could say , until now . I be not run from you , lois , I be run from myself . I be afraid . you be right . I be no different than anyone else . 91 lois leok up at he , unwaver gaze -- superman I never really feel a part of this world until I meet you . you be everything to I . what I feel for you can never die . no matter what happen , no matter what may come , you will always be close to I , lois . believe that . lor be --- I do . superman I love you . his word hang in the air as he pull she near , just hold she tight . the curtain billow on the breeze around they . and we leave they there , the two of they become one in the moonlight as we -- dissolve to metropolis . day . the city be bustling at the start of a new day . a clock tower chime the hour -- 10:00 a.m. and -~ cuT to close on -- the american flag . strange angle . grainy -- pull back to show a close - circuit view of a U.S. intercontinental ballistic missile stand dormant in its silo -- pull back further to show a bank of monitor line a wall in lex 's office . dozen in all . missile from many country be see on the screen -- russian , chinese , british and french nuclear icbm be observe . some of the monitor show static , as if not yet patch in . a nearby digital clock count down from 6 hour , 33 minute , time out to a rapid-fire thousandth of a second and -- pull back even further to show lex 's office . it 's empty , all quiet , as -- the k-suite superman suddenly appear on the glass enclose side of the building , climb high over the city . superman use the k - suit to force open one of the window , enter the room and -- superman 's Pov 92 he take in the wall of monitor , the missile clearly see . the digital clock catch he eye -- as do myriad cable and connection run to a large , half - finish , computer - like machine we now see in the center of the room -- identical to the apocalyptic device we see in jor -el 's lab k’s voice ( over ) ... as on krypton , brainiac be gain access to ' you world 's weapon . superman approach , look inside and -- close on the inner-workings of the half - complete machine . small , automated servos move busily around inside , actually construct the device as we watch . superman stare in at the technology , watch the many miniature servos spark and scurry through they fantastical work -- superman it 's building itself . k’s voice ( over ) with brainiac 's guidance . superman but he 's not here . k’s voice ( qver ) be assure , he 's not far . Act swiftly , kal - El . remove the power source , and the machine will be disabled . superman 's Pov a giow , pulsate light be see at the center of the machine . superman carefully reach through the electronics and cable , grasp the device 's energy source , begin to lift it out as -- the small , automated servos suddenly sense he presence , streak through the wiring -- clamp onto the k-suit , one after another . superman be force to release the power source , lift he arm , react in agony as the servos begin to spark and short - circuit the suit -- k’s voice ( over ) -- ov , =el -- superman I be try ! 93 the servos attack relentlessly , sound a ultra high - pitch alarm and -- cur to lexcorp lobby . lexiac stride through the atrium , head for he private elevator , morris trail -- morris in light of you plan for this planet , Mr. B , and consider how well we work together , I assume you be take I with you -- lexiac suddenly hear the high - frequency alarm emanate from the office far above . he stop , seem to stare up through the building . livid expression -- morris ..- maybe now 's not a good time . lexiac quickly enter the private elevator , press the top floor , morris join he and -- CUT to lex 's office . superman desperately try to pull the sparking attack servos from the k-suit -- one reach he expose neck -- shock he with a powerful jolt of electricity -- superman painfully rip the small device from he skin -- crush it on the floor -- - k’s voice ( qver ) brainiac approach -- superman ( rip more servos away ) just a few leave ! cuT to ascending elevator . lexiac be impatient with the car 's normal speed , press he hand against the control panel --~ make it accelerate rapidly ~- morris grab the rail , look like he 's about to be ill and -- cuT to lex 's office . superman pries the last sparking servo from the suit , smashes it with he foot , move toward the device ~- k’s voice ( qver ) there be no time . we must go . 94 superman I can not leave without disable it ! k’s voice ( over ) I be sorry , kal - El . superman try to move toward the device , suddenly realize the k-suit be physically stop he -- superman what be you do ? the k-suit suddenly force the superman backwards . superman stunne . every atom of he body fight to go on . supremely frustrating beat as he 's force back toward the open window -- superman I be the only hope they have ! superman frantically try to move forward as the k~suit pull he back -- one humiliate step at a time -~ superman furiously fight the power of the k-suit , attempt to claw he way toward the deadly device -- all effort useless and -- cuT to ascending elevator . the rapidly rise car come to a sudden , stop . the door fly open . lexiac rush into he office and -- lexiac 's Pov no one there . servos crush to piece on the floor . wind whipping through the force open window . lexiac 's face contort with anger as the meaning of it sink in -- he bone and feature reconfigue into a horrific mask of . rage and -- cuT to superman 's tomb . day . all calm , except for the fact the tomb 's massive outer door have be tear from they hinge . the loud sound of shearing metal be hear from inside and -- cuT to inside the tomb . lexiac stare into the empty sarcophagus , glare at the wall cover with kryptonian hieroglyphs and -- angle on lexiac 's shadow be see on the tomb wall . the outline of brainiac 's head push out -- writhe with anger -- start to expand -~- grow larger -- more distort -- the shadow of brainiac 's head engorge to grostesque proportion -- 95 brainiac you'll wish you have died when I ’m through with you , kal -el !!! cuT to lois 's office . close blind block out a sunny day . a open aspirin bottle sit beside a glass of water on she desk . lois at she computer , massage she temple . the phone ring -- wis ( pick it up ) hello . ( pause ) I know you need it . I understand that three phone call ago . I be try to write the lead now . ( pause , sharply ) you call every five minute do not speed the process . lois hang up . she ' 's exhaust . emotionally drain . on deadline . she stare at she computer . about to get back to write when the phone ring . she angrily answer -- lo be I have get a idea -- why do not you come up here and write and I x11 go down there and lay - out the paper ! man 's voice ( over ) lois , this be Doctor sloan . loois I be sorry , I think you be someone else . how be you ? doctor sloan ( over ) I be fine . I think the more important question be how be you ? lo be I have have the worst 24 hour of my life . I feel terrible . other than that , terrific . doctor sloan ( over ) the result of you test be in . lois what 's the headline ? 96 doctor sloan ( over ) well , the fatigue , light - headedness and other related symptom you have be feel be not stress - related at all . loris so it 's all in ny head . doctor sloan ( over ) not quite . congratulation , lois , you be go to have a baby . Dead air . lois blindside . silence , save for the sound of a e¢lock tick in the corner of the room -- doctor sloan ( over ) it 's a healthy baby boy . I have say five week old . everything look just fine . lois just close she eye . absorb the news -- doctor sloan ( over ) ... I take it this be a surprise . lo be ( barest whisper ) I be sorry , Doctor , I have to go -- lois drop the phone on the cradle , miss the receiver , knock the glass of water across she desk . paper , note , everything soak . lois mechanically try to wipe up the mess . slowly stop . leans back in she chair as it hit she . she curl up in the chair . start to cry . hard tear . the phone begin to ring , continue as she just hold herself in the darkness . one of she hand slowly move over she stomach , settles there , embrace it through the tear and -- close on lois 's eye . she look down at she stomach , sense the life within -- extreme close up on the dark image of lexiac suddenly appear in dim reflection on lois 's retinas and -- reverse lois leap up from she seat , stunne , stare at lexiac -~ stand in the doorway , carry a bouquet of rose . he enter the room , eye never leave she -- 97 lexiac ».. do not be afraid . lor be - ( hurriedly wiping the tear away ) what do you want ? lexiac I just come by to ' see how you be k--hold up . ise anything wrong ? lo be { , if you will excuse I , I have work i to do . 's lexiac come closer . measure she every response -- lexiac have you be to superman 's tomb lately ? , lois no. | lexiac have any ... unexpected visitor ? lo be just you , and if you do not leave , I be call security . lexiac look down at she desk , spy the rough diamond superman make for she in the restaurant . edging closer -~ lexiac what do you think of my body ? | lois Excuse I ? lexiac ' be this the sort of body that a a female might find appeal ? lois slap he . lexiac touch he cheek , intrigue -- ' lexiac I see what superman see in you . lo be get out . lexiac »» . until we meet again . 98 lexiac lay the flower on she desk , depart . lois stand there , rigid from the encounter . the phone ring . she mechanically answer -- lo be hello . lois be niece ( over ) ( frighten tone ) aunt lois , it 's I -- someone 's try to get into the apartment -- I can hear they -~ outside : the door -- sound of something break . a scream , and then ... click -- lo be Amy ? Amy !!! cut to outside the DAILY planet . day . jimmy be lock up he vespa when a distraught lois come out the revolve door , start quickly down the street -- jimmy lois ! wait a minute ! I have get a story for you ! there 's a new super hero in town ~~ some guy in a robot suit ! lois keep go . start across the busy street . dodging cab , bus . rushing to get home . jimmy run after she -- jimmy watch out , lois ! jimmy 's Pov lois be half - way acrase the street . a truck suddenly rumble by , stop for other car , briefly block lois from view . jimmy crane he neck to see if she 's okay when -- the truck move on and we realize -- lois be go , mysteriously vanish . jimmy run over , look around , spy a black lexcorp limo racing away down the street and -- CUT to metropolis riverfront . twilight . abandon warehouse line the river 's edge . beaten - down building abound . a blood red sunset complete the mournful scene as we ~-- cuT to 99 rotting wharf . twilight . a handful of metropolis 's homeless share a bottle . one man look up , see the k-suite superman come they way , blink , take off run . the other turn , gee superman approach in the k-suit , scatter . superman walk down the delapidate pier jutting over the water , go to the river 's edge , stand there , alone -- k’s voice ( qver ) «+ . you could have be kill . superman watch a misty fog spread over the river -~- k‘s voice ( over ) I be force to protect you . superman '' protect I ? " you kill I back there ! k’s voice ( over ) you reaction be without reason . it will pass . superman be that what 's it 's like to be a kryptonian ? to think only of yourself ? forget about other ? run whenever you can ? k’s voice ( over ) you people prize life dearly , kal - El . Far above childish pride . superman I would rather die than live like this ! k’s voice ( over ) you be the last son of krypton , the last hope of you people . superman I do not remember krypton ! and ny only purpose in life can not be to just keep it go ! superman stand at the dock 's edge , stare out at the fog -- superman I have always be protect by my power . I do not realize what that really mean until I lose they . until I be hit and feel pain ... until I be burn ... 100 fog swirl around they . superman gaze across at the city -- the metropolis superman ... this people get up every day without super power . firemen rush into blaze to save stranger . policeman and woman risk they life to keep order . father and mother fight to protect they family , die for they child ~~ this people lay down they life for idea , k . so I lose my power . people here lose thing far great than that and keep go . they lose love one , and they find the will to go on . you tell I to fight for that which give my life meaning . I know what that be now , k . what you feel for I , I feel for they . TI can beat brainiac , k . I can beat he because it 's not just about power . it 's about something much deeper . a belief . this be my home , k . this be my people . I know that now . skyline be see melting into the night -- k‘s voice ( over ) you spirit be strong , kal - El . superman stronger than it 's ever be . Long beat . a ball of pure light begin to appear before he . brighter and brighter . hover there -- k’s voice ( over ) this feel have a connection with you physiology , kal - El . you have learn you own truth . you power be never fully go , my son , you have to learn to embrace they as you own . superman '' ++ my son ? the bright light suddenly transform into a holographic projection -- jor - EL and lara be see , bath in white -- superman Father ? mother ? 101 jor -el and lara / together forever . jor-el we have never be far from you , my son , nor will we ever be . lara feel we in you soul , kal - El , as we feel you in ours . the projection blink , go : - dark . k’s light extinguish . the k suit suddenly start to transform -- come apart -- disintegrate before we eye to reveal -- superman -- in he full suit and cape -- blow in the rise wind -- but what stand out the most be the stark resolve of he feature -- all intent focus into pure , distil FURY as we -- cuT to lexcorp . night . a large crowd have vigil outside the lexcorp building . fill the Plaza . Signs and placard memorial on the site where superman gather in a candlelight hundred of dot of light call for a permanent die . jimmy come through the crowd , approach a policeman block the main entry into the building -- jimmy I need to get inside . policeman it 's close . Mr. luthor 's order . jimmy lois Lane 's be kidnap . lex have get she up there . policeman and why would he do that ? jimmy what do I look like , the amazing kreskin ? I be just report it -- policeman oturn he around ) grab a candle and join the crowd jimmy I want you badge number ! 102 close on -- a unlit candle -- pull back to show lex 's office . surreal scene . lois and she niece , both dress in gowns , sit at a garish , chandelier , formal dining area set on the roof balcony overlook all of metropolis . linen , crystal , and a hologram of a rove violin player complete the surreal scene and -> close on jor-el 's " S " be see proudly mount over a fireplace behind the table as we -- angle on one level beneath the balcony , a tuxedoe lexiac attend to the complete , computer ~ like device . cable and connection run from the machine to the wall of tv monitor -- all show close - circuit shot of intercontinental ballistic missile from every nuclear power on the globe . the nearby digital clock rapidly count down through five minute and -- cuT to aerial . metropolis . night . superman streak over the city , weaving between the skyscraper . he bank toward the lexcorp building -- pass over the candlelight vigil far below -- superman rocket up the side of the tower structure , fist outstretch and -- cuT to > lex 's office . lexiac climb up the stair to the balcony -- stop directly behind lois 's niece -- lexiac you remind I of the princess of saxo , a pretty planet with a pretty princess just you age . ( stroking the young girl 's hair ) you and you aunt will accompany I to a new planet . you will be the princess of a new race -- a race of my own creation . lois let she go , I 'l ] do whatever vou ask . lexiac I envision that outcome regardless . 103 lexiac stare up at the night sky as a small shape appear from behind the moon . it rapidly grow in size . approach we world . the celestial object get larger and larger and larger until the skull ship materialize high over lexcorp -- cur to lexcorp plaza . the crowd gather for the candlelight vigil stare up at the Skull ship . shriek and scream capture the mood . jimmy unsling he camera , start snap picture -- jimmy just give I that pulitzer now ! CUT to aerial . superman rocket up the side of the lexcorp building . Skull ship clearly see overhead and -- cot to lex 's office . superman crash through the glass window , land in the center of the room . he see the finish device -- the close - circuit shot of the dozen of nuclear missile -- the digital clock see count down through three minute ++ superman quickly start toward it as lexiac appear on the balcony , dress in tail -- superman freeze ~~ lexiac ( leck down at superman } glad you could join we . . lexiac sit between they at the table , light a candle with a spark from he finger , lean close to lois -- lexiac " but soft , what light through yonder window break ? it be the east , and lois be the sun . arise fair sun , and kill the envious moon ! " ( sip he wine ) one of the better mind I have absorb since my arrival . lexiac lift the silver dome serve tray off lois 's niece 's plate , reveal -- baked God know what -- fluff paper wrapper encircle the bone of what look like large , roast hamster . the young girl pull away in terror . lexiac realize lois be stare at superman , follow she gaze -- see superman circle below , prepare to leap up -- lexiac ( stand between lois and she niece ) have you meet my new family ? 104 superman abduction be the only way you could get one . lexiac stroll onto the walkway , smile -- superman suddenly smashes through one of the support with a iron-like fist -- send the walkway crash to the floor . lexiac tumble down -- superman make a hyper - fast move , grab lexiac by the throat -- lexiac ... back off , . bro. lois and she niece watch as lexiac hurl superman into a wall -- tremendous strength -- superman shake it off -- superman you like that idea do not you ? have a brother . lexiac we do share a common creator -- you father . superman the difference be , he try to destroy you . lexiac ( indicate the " S " on the wall ) he fail . lexiac suddenly pull a polished box from a wall , open it , produce two fight sword . he toss one to superman -- lexiac en garde ! but superman use he heat-vision to melt the sword mid-air , vaporize it -- lexiac too bad . I think we could have some fun before we get down to business . superman I prefer play with people , not machine . lexiac I be far from a machine ! 105 superman move fast toward the device to disable it when -- lexiac shoot a electric bolt at superman -- slam he across the room -~ lois and she niece react -- anxious beat , until superman slowly stand , seethe — ~ lexiac funny ... you have the same expression you father do when he realize krypton be about to be destroy . superman circle he -- lexiac you be there , though you probably do not remember . you make the cutest little cry . superman what happen ? dad forget to oil you ? superman move in , grab brainiac from behind -- superman do not change you battery ? superman begin twist lexiac 's head , farther and farther around -- lexiac 's brow beginning to spark -- superman refused to update you software ? lexiac ( struggle , unable to shake he off ) join I ! rule with I ! superman make a mighty twist and -- rip lexiac 's head from the body -- hold it up -- stare he in the eye -- superman in the name of my father and mother I send you to hell ! superman crush the head between he hand ~~ wild burst of energy as piece of circuitry crumble to the floor -- electric arc spider all around -- weaken -- stop -- the headless , tuxedoe lexiac body flap for a beat , cease to move -- lo be ( watch from above ) you do it ! superman bow he head , acknowledge the importance of the moment in a unheard prayer of thanks when -- 106 a giggle be hear . then a laugh . then a loud laugh . superman look around -- the laughter seem to come from everywhere as it build to a echoing crescendo and superman look over to see -- lexiac ! -- appear from behind a column near the apocalyptic device -- same suit we see he in earlier -- superman utterly confuse as lexiac laugh uproariously -- : lexiac practice that last line much ? in front of a mirror maybe ? lois 's elation turn to dread -- lexiac ( be : the circuit in superman 's hand ) I see you have meet my friendly automaton , frankie . superman be stunne by the deceit , building rage , he move toward lexiac , nothing stop he now -- superman Big tough guy , huh ? eat egocentric playboy and kidnap woman . lexiac hit superman with a mighty blow -- superman be slam back -- leap up -- instantly on lexiac -- the two of they entangle ~~ roll right past the device and -- close on the digital clock count down to one minute -- the missile on the many screen see to be venting for pre-launch as -- lexiac break free of superman , vault up the stair -- superman fly up at he just as lexiac reach lois , put a hand around she throat pull she close and -- close on lexiac 's arm transform into brainiac 's hideous appendage -- tighten around lois 's windpipe -- lexiac ( indicate the device ) less than two minute leave , kal - El . which will it be ? save the world , or save the girl ? superman tear -- see the clock count down through 45 second -- look back as lexiac 's arm tighten further around lois 's throat and -- 107 angle on lois see lexiac catch sight of himself in the mirror , flash a sick smile -- wis ( a idea form ) ... you can not beat he , superman -- superman and lexiac both look at she -- . lois he 's too powerful -- too strong . you do not stand a chance against he . nothing could . look at hin . look at he ship . lexiac glance around , look up at the Skull ship -- lise for all you power , superman , you be just a mortal , like we . ( look at lexiac ) e lexiac stare at she , swell with pride when -- superman use the distraction to grab lexiac 's arm -- twist he grip free of lois -- hurl he away -- they square off against each other and lexiac suddenly hit superman with a powerful , life - suck force -- superman fight it -- lexiac why conquer when you can drain ? lexiac increase the beam 's power -- superman envelop in its all - consume ray -- noticeably start to pale as the life be slowly suck out of he -- he back toward the balcony and the 100 story drop to the plaza far below -- '' lexiac this be the moment I miss from we childhood . superman stumble back , pass he father 's " S " on the wall -~ lo be ( call to superman , willing he on ) - 1 - 's superman battle the increasingly powerful beam -- lexiac show concern -- suddenly amp the beam to full power as -- lois selflessly dive in front of the beam -- momentarily block it -- collapse from the ray as -- 108 superman smashes the display housing he father 's '' ss " -- grab the piece of curve steel -- hurl it downward and -- tracking shot the silvery blade slice through the air ~- the razor -sharp , sleek metal shape spin toward the apocalyptic device -- sound like a buzz see -- no time for lexiac to react -- buzzing sound building to a crescendo as -- the camera suddenly swing to a overhead position and we see the stylize " S " full on for a instant just before it slam into the device -- its sharpen side slice through -- a wild burst of spark and short - circuit erupt -- clear to reveal the badly damage machine -- countdown stop at 15 second -- close on lexiac . his skin start to ripple . joint expand . his entire form contort wildly as -- brainiac suddenly emerge from lexiac 's body and -- brainiac be suddenly see expose fully for the first time -- no cape -- just a head on a horrific , mechanical body -- it rise up thrashing -- connect with superman -- slam he back -- send he sprawling to the floor -- brainiac ( stand over he ) see mom and dad lately ? superman as a matter of fact I have , and I have get a message from they ~~ ( leaping up , grab he ) superman start bend and twist the creature 's very armature as brainiac emit mechanical sounding squeal -- superman hurl he to the floor -- again and again -- brainiac struggle -- bent and break -- superman hurl he over the balcony -- down to the floor below and -- angle on brainiac 's frame smashes into a hundred piece ! the head be separate from the body . lying there . unmove . beat . his eye suddenly open . sick smile . the head roll quickly across the floor to the damage device -~ connect itself to the machine and -- the countdown clock suddenly resume -- 14 second -~ 13 -- 12 second leave until the nuclear missle on the screen be launch and -~- 109 superman dive down -- grasp brainiac 's head -- try to pull it from the device -- clock down to 10 second -- 9 -- 8 -- the wall of screen show dozen of missile prepare for lift - off -- superman use a final burst of strength ~- rip brainiac 's head from the device with only 2 second leave -- the clock stop -- the device power down -- superman be about to punch the head into oblivion when brainiac shoot out a intense , final burst of energy that beam directly into superman 's eye -- superman stumble back , clutching he eye , suddenly convulse and -- close on superman 's skin begin to ripple , he feature contort as if possess -- brainiac 's enter he body -- superman fight the force with all he will -- he joint twist horribly -- brainiac try to kill he from within -- lois he can not beat you , superman ! superman look at she <-~ ravage with pain -- lois you have too much to live for ! ( eye lock with he ) you be go to be a father -- superman close he eye -- everything focus within -- he body pulsate from the battle of will as he use every bit of mental , emotional and spiritual energy he have to shoot the beam back into brainiac 's head -- nearly collapse from the effort -- brainiac 's head ( eye blink open , stare at superman ) _ you always ...ruin ... everything -- superman pick up the head -- punch it into the wall -- shatter it into a thousand pie -- brainaic 's dead ! -- angle on lex come to on the balcony . he stand -- the same american flag thong that be see when he be consume be he only cover -- no memory of what 's happen happen since -- lex «.«. I be about to have a massage -- lo be ' ( look skyward ) superman ! 1lo cuT to aerial . the Skull ship start to tilt forward , fall from the -- flame and smoke come from its mouth and eye socket -- hurtle down -- directly toward lexcorp and the crowd below -- people stampede , run and scream and -- cuT to metropolis . panic in the street as the skull ship descend toward the city and -- cuT to aerial -- superman rocket into frame , head up to meet the burn ship -- its bright light reflect off he feature -- superman raise he arm -- brace for impact and -- superman hit the fiery skull ship from below -- the craft be hurl upward -- superman fire a burst of heat vision at the base of the craft -- ignites a blast that make it explode like firework over the city and -- cuT to lexcorp plaza . a cheer erupt through the crowd as the Skull ship ember light up the sky and we -- dissolve to lexcorp plaza . daybreak . lex , still wear the thong , be escort by doctor to a wait ambulance outside -- lex ( walk away , look back ) " , ... egocentric playboy ? " jimmy suddenly appear before he , raise he camera -- lex ( try to cover himself ) no picture ! too late . jimmy 's flash capture the shot -- lex ( to morris , nearby ) get that film ! morris ( hurry after jimmy ) right away , Mr. l! 111 lexcorp roof . sunrise . lois and superman stand alone on the roof . they kiss . Long , linger embrace as the sky start to grow pink with the dawn of a new day . glorious beat -- superman so what should it be ? a big wedding or a small wedding ? lo be I do not know ... maybe we should live together first . lois look at he , break into a smile , kiss he as we -- cuT to metropolis STREET . sunrise . pedestrian crowd the street , catastrophe avert , city come back to life when a man glance up , see something -- man look -- up in the sky ! woman ofollow he gaze ) it 's a bird . nearby policeman ( also look up ) it 's a plane . a young boy stare up between they , big smile -- he know -- boy it 's superman !!! and with a rouse sting we -- dissolve to the scene of clark and lois dance at the Daily Planet party unspool over the end credit . the music of they romance promise the celebration of a new time as it sweep we to a close ...