the haunting so1e01 : " Steven see a ghost " by Mike flanagan 02/23/17 ext . hill house , then - night dense , New England wood , light only by the moonlight . the leaf - less branch crossing we frame like skeletal hand . steven ( v.0 . ) no live organism can continue to exist sanely under condition of absolute reality , which be why all conscious thing - man , child , and beast - must sleep . and dream . the camera move beyond the tree and branch to reveal : a sprawling family home in the wood , all by itself . large , strike , and brim with history . huge window , brick and iron , with hint of the gothic in its architecture . the longer one stare , the more off - kilter the house seem to be . all around , the sign of a renovation in progress . scaffold , tool , abandon to the late hour . someone be work hard on this house . legend : hill house . then . steven ( v.o. ) Hill House , not sane , stand by itself against its hill , hold darkness within . it have stand so for a hundred year before my family move in , and it might stand for a hundred more . int . hill house , then - continuous we float through the hall . past the grand staircase . past the large , ornate window . the architecture be old , but the dress be clearly 1990' . small home improvement project throughout the house . Fresh paint on some element , absent from other . steven ( v.o. ) within , wall stand upright , brick meet neatly , floor be firm . silence lay steadily against the wood and stone of Hill House ... we linger on detail : child 's toy , abandon to the late hour . patched dry -wall , corner of the bannister in the midst of renovation . 2 . family photo of the crane : hugh ( late 30 's ) , he wife mary ( late 30' ) , and the child : steven ( 11 ) , shirley ( 9 ) , theodora ( 7 ) and the twin , luke and nell ( 5 ) . steven ( v.o . ) .-- and whatever walk there , walk alone . CUT to : int . steven 's room , hill house , then - continuous a boy 's room , with all the expect flourish of the ninety : a tv , video game . we float toward the boy , asleep in he bed , moonlight on he face . he be young steven ( 11 ) . we come to rest on Steven 's face , as he 's stir from sleep by a sound ... the sound of a child crying . he blink , sit up . CUT to : int . upstair hallway , hill house , then - continuous he step into the hallway , look smaller against the sheer size of the home . High ceiling , archway . the cry be louder now . he see he sister young Theo ( 7 ) stand by she door , rub she eye . the cry wake she too . young steven it 's okay theo , go back to bed . young Theo should we wake mom and dad ? young steven I have get it . he move past she , toward the last door in the hall . he push it open . CUT to : int . nell 's room , hill house , then - continuous he move into the room . in the soft glow of the night light , he see young nell ( 5 ) perch at the foot of she bed . crying she little tear , clearly afraid . young steven you okay nellie ? she shake she head '' no . '' young steven ( cont ’d ) you scared ? she shake she head '' yes . '' young steven ( cont ’d ) that 's okay , I get scared too sometimes . he step into the room , and look over to the bed on the other side , where nell 's twin brother young luke ( 5 ) sleep soundly , despite he sister 's cry . young steven ( cont ’d ) luke sleep through anything , huh ? what be it ? young nell ( beat ) the bent - neck lady . young hugh ( 0.s. ) oh , she again . they turn . stand in the doorway be young hugh crane . in he pajamas , eye tired - but still manage a gentle smile . young hugh ( cont ’d ) where be she ? nell point to the foot of the bed , almost where she brother be stand . Hugh smile , step into the room . young hugh ( cont ’d ) oh boy , let 's take a look . he move to the spot . young hugh ( cont ’d ) here , huh ? she nod . young hugh ( cont ’d ) you big brother must have scared she away . Big brother be good like that . young nell what if she 's hide ? young hugh well let 's make sure she be not . where could she go ? nell 's eye go to the foot of the bed . Hugh follow she gaze , and crouch to look underneath the bed . young hugh ( cont ’d ) anyone under here ? you better come out , or you be in trouble . ( beat ) hmmm . not there ... he look up at nell , who point toward the closet . young hugh ( cont 'd ) ah. Steven step aside , watch as he dad go through the motion for nell . he smile , watch close . learn how . Hugh open the closet door , move the clothes to the side . young hugh ( cont ’d ) you better come out , bent - neck lady . stop scare nellie. ( beat ) nope , she 's long go . nell relax a little . young hugh ( cont ’d ) and now , everybody can go back to bed . Steven head for the door , turn to watch he father tuck nell back into bed . young hugh ( cont ’d ) there we go . do you remember what we talk about before ? about we dream ? young nell they can spill . young hugh that 's right . just like a cup of water spill sometimes . and a kid 's dream be special , they be like - at the door , Steven smile . he remember this part ... young steven ( very softly ) a ocean . young nell a ocean . young hugh that 's right . sometimes the big dream can spill out . ( turn ) back to bed , stevie . Steve smile , and walk away . Hugh turn back to nell . young hugh ( cont ’d ) I know the bent - neck lady be scary , but that 's all she be . just a little spill . you know that , right nellie ? she stare at he . she nod . young nell how long do we have to live here , daddy ? young hugh well , I have get to finish fix the house . and then , somebody have to buy it . young nell and then we can go ? young hugh ( smile , feel bad ) yep , then we can go . just like the last house . a little relieved . young hugh ( cont ’d ) I love you sweetie . sweet dream . CUT to : int . upstair hallway , hill house , then - continuous Hugh gently close nell 's door . smile to himself . he start down the hall , stop at another door . Hand -drawn letter read shirley , clearly decorate by a little girl . behind he , we can see nell 's door , close , in the bg . from inside , he hear a soft voice speak . he push the door open . the soft light fall on young shirley ( 9 ) , asleep in she bed . her eye be close , but she 's mumble . young shirley ( 0.s. ) ( softly ) Dancing in the red room . do not step so loud . young hugh ( smile ) you be dream , shirl . young shirley the pandas be not dream . young hugh pandas , huh ? young shirley ( trail off ) pandas do not eat macaroni ... young hugh noted . he close shirley 's door . he 's about to walk away , but turn to see - nell 's door be OPEN again . odd , he just close it ... he walk back , look inside . nell be lie motionless in bed , on she side . she have not move since he last see she . Hugh frown , and gently close the door once again . he walk away , leave the upstairs hallway empty and dark . we linger for a few extra moment , scrutinize that shadow . wonder what they be hide ... CUT to : int . master bedroom , hill house , then - moment later Hugh crawl back into bed . his wife mary ( 30' ) stir . mary everyone alive ? young hugh nellie have a nightmare and shirley 's sleep - talk again . mary anything good ? young hugh pandas do not like macaroni , Mary . Mary smile as Hugh kiss she , and settles back into sleep . then , a SOUND . like a groaning , muffle . from within the wall . Mary 's eye open . mary again ? young hugh you be kid . he sit up , sighing . mary I think you replace the pipe - young hugh gotta be something else , then . or the guy fuck it up . another groan from the wall . young hugh ( cont ’d ) fix one problem , find five more . this house be a contractor 's dream . mary then how come they keep quit ? they listen . all be quiet again . young hugh ( beat ) nellie 's ready to go . mary she 's not alone . I miss the city . young hugh this flip how I think it will , I ’1ll buy you a penthouse off the park . mary with a doorman . she settles back onto she side to sleep . mary ( cont 'd ) ( chuckle ) pandas do not like macaroni . he settles back into he pillow , close he eye . CUT to : int . nell 's room , hill house , then - continuous nell lay in she bed . she hug she plush bear to she chest . she roll upright , look at the spot by the foot of she bed again . there 's nothing there ... though we note the door be OPEN again . nell roll onto she side . facing she brother 's bed . he 's still sound asleep . young nell luke ? he snort a little in he sleep , and roll onto he side , away from she . she frown . she stare at the night light , plugge into the wall . it cast warm color and shape on the wall above it . she fix she attention there . her eyelid get heavy ... she close she eye . we watch she try to sleep for a few long moment . and then ... something shift in the frame behind she . out of focus , in the dark , it 's be there this whole time but we be only now realizing it - the silhouette of a woman . neck bent at a horrible angle . CUT to : int . WALKER house , live room - afternoon overhead cu : a smart phone voice recording ap . a finger move into frame , and hit '' record . '' legend : SACRAMENTO . now . mrs . WALKER ( 0.c. ) Carl be drive on rural 86 during the storm . do you remember that storm ? course not , you be in LA . it be a bad one . cat and dog , worst I have see in ten year . reveal mrs . WALKER ( 50' ) , seat on she sofa . the sunlight pour in through the window . she look tire , bag under she eye . absently hold a cup of tea in she hand . mrs . WALKER ( cont ’d ) he be out there in the boon and he lose control of the car . he go over the guardrail , down a ravine . the car flip over and you could not see it from the road , especially with the rain . could not even see the light . reveal steven crane ( now grow up , in he mid 30' , a patient expression on he handsome face . ) in front of he , he phone record she story . mrs . WALKER ( cont ’d ) take I a hour to figure he be late . almost three hour for someone to start look for he . and I keep think maybe he just stop off , wait out the weather . she sip she tea . Steven watch , patient . mrs . WALKER ( cont ’d ) he be , um ... he be hang there , that whole time . hour . upside down , tangle up in he seat belt . they say he could reach the horn , but he could not hold it long because - see , he arm be break . ( beat ) and that 's how he die . upside down , press on that horn whenever he could stand to . Steven nod , scribbling a note in he notebook . she lean 10 . steven so when do it start ? mrs . WALKER the night after he die . it start with drop of water . I have be asleep , in we bed , and I would be wake up because I would feel ... rain , I guess . raindrop , fall onto my face . I would wake up , there have be nothing there . but my face would be a little wet , and my pillow . forward . mrs . WALKER ( cont ’d ) it get worse . I have hear a car horn . short burst . distant , I think , but close enough to wake I and then , finally - this be right after the funeral itself , the night after he be bury , you see — her voice quiet to almost a whisper . she make mrs . WALKER ( cont ’d ) I feel the water . on my cheek , and I hear the horn , and I look up at the ceiling and ... there he be . hanging there , upside down . eye contact with Steven , shaking she head . mrs . WALKER ( cont ’d ) I could see the water drip off he hair , he face be a deep purple , like the blood have all just - pool - in he cheek . ( beat ) it 's funny , you think you would scream when you see something like that , but you do not . you just stare . you just stare at it like a idiot , like you brain just ... trip . she swallow . this be hard for she to talk about . mrs . WALKER ( cont ’d ) so it be drip off he , the rain and blood too , and he be just stare at I and then he mouth drop open . but instead of a scream it be - a car horn . come out of he mouth . so loud . ( more ) 11 . mrs . WALKER ( cont ’d ) so loud I fall off the bed . then I scream . I scream because I hit the floor and it startle I , and it be like I only just remember - '' oh , right . I can scream . I should probably scream . '' Steven nod , smile gently . mrs . WALKER ( cont ’d ) so I scream all right , and then I run . tripped in the hall and look back and he be go , and I laid there and I cry and that be ... that be the last time I have sleep in that room . Steven nod . wait , but it seem she tale be over . he reach forward , and turn off the recorder . steven that 's a very interesting story , Mrs. Walker . mrs . WALKER irene . steven irene . this be what I have like to do . I would like to look around you house , and I have like to set up some equipment . I have also like to sleep in that room tonight . mrs . WALKER goodness - steven I will be fine . I can not promise that I ' 1l include you story in my book - mrs . WALKER of course - steven but it 's possible . and I thank you for share it with I . mrs . WALKER well ... thank you . for listen . CUT to : 12 . int . WALKER house , live room - later Steven move through the house , take it in . take a moment to look at the photograph of Mrs. Walker with she husband , carl ( 60' ) . happy photograph , of a normal couple in they golden year . he pause at one show Carl by a new car . probably the one he die in . Steven note it , and move toward the bookcase , glance at what 's on the shelf -— he stop . we see one of the title that have catch he eye : the haunting of danver . by steven crane . next to it , more book . similar font to the title . the haunting of arlington cemetery . by steven crane . the haunting of alcatraz . by steven crane . he sigh , not surprised to see the first book , the thickest book : the haunting of hill house . by steven crane . he reach out , pick it up . on the cover be a photograph of hill house , as we see it in the beginning . he turn it over , and on the back - we see the family picture from 1992 , the face now familiar to we . Young Hugh , Mary , Young Steven , and he brother and sister ... mrs . WALKER I be sorry , I should have tell you . I be a fan . he frown , look up . there be at least another EIGHT book , '' the haunting of ... '' series . all write by he . mrs . WALKER ( cont ’d ) ( off the one in he hand ) that 's my favorite , the first one . '' silence lay steadily against the wood and stone of Hill House , and whatever walk there , walk alone . '' ( beat ) I can not imagine what it be like ... grow up there . the most famous haunt house in America - he stuff 13 . steven in fairness , it be not famous when we move in . mrs . WALKER I remember see you dad on tv , during the trial . I always wonder how he keep it together , with all the media , the tabloid - steven well he do not exactly hide from the media . ( beat ) it be a long time ago . the book back onto the shelf . steven ( cont 'd ) and besides , you have get I beat . mrs . WALKER what do you mean ? steven I mean if you actually see you husband hang upside down over you bed , you have see more than I ever have . ( beat ) I have never see a ghost . mrs . WALKER but you book -— steven not at Arlington , danver , alcatraz , the Queen Mary , or in williamsburg . and not in Hill House . mrs . WALKER oh . the way you write , I assume - steven other people 's storey . people like you , irene . I give they the right voice , be all . Mrs. Walker be a little disappointed . mrs . WALKER well I hope tonight be a game changer for you . 14 . steven how so ? mrs . WALKER maybe my Carl can finally give you a story of you own . you be one of he favorite writer , so maybe ... that 's the reason . for all of this . she smile at he , hopeful . he feel sorry for she . steven you know , I can tell you one thing about Hill House that be not in the book . mrs . WALKER ( light up ) yes , please ! steven all that year , try to understand what happen in that house , you know what I never find ? ( beat ) a reason . mrs . WALKER ( change the subject ) how be you brother and sister ? I have wonder , since the book . how be they do this day ? his phone ring in he pocket . save by the bell . he turn , fishing it out . the call be from nell . it ring for a beat ... and he decline the call . mrs . WALKER ( cont ’d ) you know who I wish would write a book ? you dad . I have love to hear what he say about that night ... steven ( beat ) you and I both . he step away , look further into the house . CUT to : 15 . int . HOTEL room , location unknown - day we watch as the outgo call to steven end . reveal nell ( mid 20' now ) , look down at the phone in she hand . the hotel room look cheap , the curtain be drawn tight , keep light out of the room . nell herself be on edge . pale , dishevel . unkempt ... and clearly frightened . she shake she head , frustrated - and dial another number : shirley . CUT to : ext . harris funeral home - afternoon a humble , stately independent funeral home . the sign out front read harris family funeral home . legend : massachusett . int . harris funeral home , consultation room - continuous a hand hold a phone . the income caller be nell . a moment , and then the call be decline . reveal shirley ( early 30 's now , kind and genuine . ) sitting in a chair , across from a grieving family . it 's a funeral intake . her husband ryan ( 30' ) sit beside she . shirley I be sorry . so be you say you would prefer not to do a view ? grieving father no , we want to , it 's not that . ryan it 's part of you mother 's pre - need , so it 's already take care of . grieving mother and we want to . it 's Max , I think he 's just a little ... shirley turn to max ( 8 year old ) , who be coloring by the end table , near the casket catalog . 16 . shirley a little nervous about it ? grieving father I have say '' adamantly oppose . '' in the nearby office , the land line ring . shirley glance at Ryan , and he stand to answer . ryan I be sorry , excuse I a moment . shirley smile , get up from she chair . she crouch next to little Max . shirley hi Max . I be shirley . he look up at she , smile shyly . shirley ( cont 'd ) I know this might be a little weird for you , but I promise this be all normal . there 's nothing to be scared of , not a single thing . ryan ( in background ) Harris funeral home ... she 's with client , can I have she call you back ? he look back to he draw . shirley the reason mommy and daddy be here be that it 's important to say goodbye to grandma . a view be just a way to do that , to see she one last time and tell she you love she . Ryan smile at Max 's parent . his wife be good at this , and he know it . love she for it . max I do not need to say goodbye . ryan a lot of people feel that way at first , but they feel much better when they do . max that 's what mommy say but she be wrong . grammy keep sit on my bed at night and touch my hair . she do not say anything . she do not talk , even if I yell at she . she just stare at I . and she eye must hurt . shirley why ? max because she do not blink . shirley frown . int . harris funeral home , foyer —- later 17 . CUT to : shirley and Ryan stand with the parent , look out the front door where Max play with a toy on the step . shirley we see thing like this from time to time . he 's what , eight ? grieving mother that 's right . shirley he 's still a little too young to really understand death . kid fall back on memory to help they process it . whatever they strongest memory be , or they most recent , they 's 1l pull it up . replay it . imagine they do the thing they do in life . the parent exchange glance , unsure . shirley ( cont 'd ) he will be fine . you ’1ll find the funeral help . they nod . grieving father thank you . ( beat ) ( more ) grieving father ( cont 'd ) I do not mean to embarrass you , but my wife and I be talk , and we want to ask ... 18 . shirley force a smile . she already know the question . grieving father ( cont ’d ) you be ... shirley crane , right ? shirley ( beat , smile ) it 's Harris now . she reach out , take Ryan 's hand . grieving mother I think so . grieving father but I tell she she be probably - make sense , I guess . you career choice . ( realize ) I be sorry , I do not mean offense . shirley I be use to it . we will talk tomorrow . they watch they head out the door , into the sun . he arm around he wife . shirley ( cont 'd ) who be on the phone ? ryan you sister . Ryan put CUT to : int . harris funeral home , shirley 's office - moment later shirley sit at she desk , check voicemail on she cell . nell ( v.o. ) it 's nell - I need you to call I . it 's hard to explain . everything 's so dark and it 's hard to understand it but ... ( long beat ) it 's about luke . just call I . 19 . shirley sigh . she dial nell back , wait . it ring . and ring . and ring . and then go to voice mail . she sigh . Ryan enter , carry a large frame and a hammer . ryan it 's here ! shirley look up . he hold up the photograph - it 's of shirley and Ryan , and there two child ( eight and six ) , the harris family funeral home sign behind they . shirley that 's great . Ryan go to the wall , pull down a older , smaller photo , this one without the family . ryan I think it send the right message . I send it to billy , he ’1ll update the website , and I think it could work great for print , too . if people still read papers , that be . he start hammering a new nail into the wall . shirley watch , the bang of the hammer jarring she - CUT to : int . hill house , downstair , then - afternoon Young shirley move through the house . around she , we hear loud bang . louder as she approach ... she round the corner just in time to see Young Hugh take aim with a sledgehammer . he 's target a wall , already stripped and open in several place . he swing , the loud bang as the hammer connect . it punch a big hole , and a burst of dust blows out at Hugh 's face . he 's cough , stumbling back . laugh a little . young shirley you okay daddy ? young hugh yeah sweetie , just take out this wall . ( wiping dust from he face ) ( more ) 20 . young hugh ( cont 'd ) House be not too happy about it , I guess . young shirley you be too loud . young hugh sorry honey . this be gonna be great , you will be able to see right into the dining room . a little counter here , see ? ( remember ) hey . I find something for you . he reach into he pocket , and pull out a old metal key . shirley 's face light up . CUT to : int . hill house , top of the staircase , then - afternoon Young shirley head up the stair . just beyond the landing , Mary stand in the hall , look confuse . mary shirl , come here a sec . shirley have somewhere else she want to be . shirley but nellie and I be - mary just for a second . she head toward she mother . mary ( cont 'd ) stand here ... be it cold ? do you feel cold ? young shirley ( stand ) yeah . Mary take two step to she right . mary not here though . shirley follow suit . 21 . young shirley nope . mary ( step back ) but here ... you feel that ? shirley shiver , nodd . mary ( cont 'd ) no vent , no window - but there 's a draft , right ? young shirley maybe daddy 's make more hole . can I go play now ? mary ( lose in think ) the hell be that come from ? shirley take that as a '' yes , '' and bound down the hall , toward the next set of stair . CUT to : int . hill house , attic , then - continuous shirley step into a large room off the attic . Young nell be already there , play on the floor in front of a - large red door . nell giggle , on she hand and knee , eye close to the door . young shirley I get it ! young nell ( eager ) open it ! shirley rush to the red door , the key in she hand . young shirley daddy say this be a master key . it 's suppose to open any of the door in the house - young nell what do you think be in there ? shirley push the key into the lock . 22 . young nell ( cont ’d ) what if it 's a cotton candy machine ? young shirley ( work the key ) that would be something . young nell or a pony . young shirley not a pony . this be not work . young nell you do not know that , it could be a pony . something be move , I see the shadow under the door . young shirley daddy say this door 's be lock for year and year and year , so if there 's a pony in there , it 's dead . nell 's face fall into a horrify shock . shirley jiggle the key , but no luck . the door be not open . young shirley ( cont ’d ) this one do not work either . young nell ( pout ) where 's the freakin’ key ! young shirley ( chuckle ) do not say that word . young nell you say it . they sit back , stare at the red door . young nell ( cont ’d ) the key never work . can not he just use that big hammer ? young shirley he say he 's gonna finish downstairs before he start up here . ( beat ) ( more ) 23 . young shirley ( cont 'd ) we will find the key . I wanna see what 's in there too . young nell if it 's candy , I will share it with you fifty and fifty . shirley smile at she , brush the hair from she face . young shirley come on . let 's see if daddy have any more key . they scamper out of the room . the camera linger on the red door . it may just be we imagination ... but we swear we see a shadow move silently underneath it ... young nell ( 0.s. ) daddy ! we need more key , it 's a emergency ! CUT to : int . WALKER house , master bedroom - late afternoon Steven hold the phone to he ear as he hook up a infrare camera , point up to the ceiling above the bed . steven ( distract ) I know you do not need I to tell you this , but literally everything be a emergency with nell . he hit a button on he laptop , and we see the camera feed on the screen . he test it , recording a few second . int . harris funeral home , front porch - intercut shirley hold the phone to she ear . behind she , the new picture be display prominently . shirley I know , but she sound rough . steven shirl - shirley rougher than usual . she say it be about luke. 24 . steven so call luke . he lean over the laptop . a few more keystroke and the footage be logge . shirley I do . someone else answer . steven so he sell he phone , or trade it , which mean he 's use again , which mean we stay out of it . I can not deal with this right now , I be work . shirley ( with a edge ) yeah ? you work ? Steven shake he head . there 's something here , we can almost sense the she hang fight they be not have , underneath they word ... steven that 's right , shirley . something else you want to add ? shirley ( beat ) Fine . i’1l just handle it , shall I ? that 's why everybody dump they shit on I , be not it Steve . I be the oldest , it 's my job . oh wait - that 's you . up . Steven put the phone down , shake it off . take a breath , and go back to set up he equipment . he turn , clutching she hand he turn , mrs . WALKER tea ? smile . Mrs. Walker stand in the doorway , a mug . steven sure , thank you . it over . he take a sip , nodd he gratitude . mrs . WALKER so do this stuff ... you know . capture the supernatural ? smile a little . 25 . steven do not believe in that word . mrs . WALKER ( confuse ) oh ... steven ( smile ) I be just talk about the word itself ; '' supernatural . '' there 's '' natural '' phenomenon that we understand , and then there 's '' natural '' phenomenon that we do not . he adjust the camera . steven ( cont 'd ) primitive human use to die of fright during a eclipse . they have no idea what it be . the eye of a angry god , a evil spirit - nothing supernatural about it , though . once we understand it , well ... it be just '' natural . '' he sip he tea , sit on the bed . steven ( cont 'd ) I prefer '' preternatural . '' Natural phenomenon that we do not quite understand yet . mrs . WALKER ( beat ) so will it capture that ? the preternatural ? steven this just capture infrared light . ( beat , smile ) but you never know . CUT to : ext . WALKER house - evening Steven have the phone to he ear as he open the trunk of he car . a beep as it go to voice mail . steven it 's Steve . miss you call . be a minute , have not it . ( more ) 26 . steven ( cont 'd ) listen , I be work but if it 's actually a emer - he close he eye , realize he need to change he tone . steven ( cont 'd ) I nil be around tomorrow if you still need to chat . I ... I hope you be well , nellie . I mean that . Steven shut he trunk , throw he overnight bag over he shoulder . he look up at the unassume house he 'il be spend the night in . he lean against the trunk , pull a cigarette from he pocket . he light it , draw deep . take a few moment , and we can tell something be nag he . another drag ... steven ( cont 'd ) goddammit . he lift up he phone . in he contact , we see : sacred heart shelter . a number already program . he dial . steven ( cont 'd ) hey , it 's Steve crane ... yep , and how be you ? I want to see if luke 's be stay there lately . CUT to : int . night club - night the club be thumping . color light , loud music , lot of young people dance the night away . Close on a martini be set on the bar . a woman 's hand reach into frame , wear a thin designer glove . she pick up the drink , and lift it to she lip . she 's Theo ( late 20 's now , dark mascara . effortlessly sexy , but intentionally unapproachable . ) she smile at the bartender , take a healthy sip of the drink . she turn she back to the bar , lean on she elbow . look out at the dance floor . her wander eye ( and she tight clothes ) tell we she 's on the prowl . across the way , a handsome guy give she a smile . theo roll she eye , sip she drink . not interested . 27 . then , someone catch she eye ... trish ( 20' , very pretty ) , lean against the bar . theo watch , interested . slowly take off one of her glove . trish can feel someone stare at she , and look . theo 's stare right at she , a smile on she face . trish look away , play it cool . after a few moment , she turn back to where theo be lean . theo be go . Theo ( 0.s. ) hi . she turn . theo 's just a few inch away , have close the distance undetected . Theo ( cont 'd ) theodora . trish smile . trish trish . int . night club - later theo and trish dance . the music blast , the light dance across they . theo be aggressive , confident . pull trish close , lip inch from hers as they writhe together . the dance be very sexual , trish give into it as she arch her back , throw she head back - CUT to : int . Theo 's bedroom - later that night - trish 's head be throw back , she back arched above the mattress — and she collapse , exhaling . smiling wide , she hair and face glisten with sweat . second later theo appear from below frame , still wear a tank top , flopping next to she . they catch they breath . trish ( out of breath ) Jesus , where do you come from ? 28 . theo look up at the ceiling , satisfied . smile , but we can tell she do not feel much like talk . trish ( cont 'd ) how do you do that ?! it be like you know exactly what I - Theo have not be with a lot of girl , have you . trish no , that 's not it , it 's just - theo roll over . sit up , reach over to the night stand . find what she 's look for : a joint . she light it . trish roll over , prop herself up . trish ( cont 'd ) so what 's you story ? Theo what do you mean ? trish I mean , who be you ? what do you do ? where be you from ? theo take a drag off the joint . smile at she . trish ( cont 'd ) I be here for grad school . sociology . the program be brutal but I love Boston , it 's such a great town . do you venture into the city much or stay out here in the ' burb ? theo start putting her glove back on . trish ( cont 'd ) ( off the glove ) what 's that about ? Theo I be kind of a germaphobe . trish ( beat ) that 's okay , none take . 29 . theo turn , rest she glove hand on trish 's thigh . Theo that be good . trish ( lean closer ) damn right . Theo I have get to work . early . trish oh . oh ! okay . she sit up , a little confuse . watch as theo pull she jeans back on . trish ( cont 'd ) okay . CUT to : int . Theo 's bedroom , front door —- moment later we realize theo 's apartment be a studio . the bedroom we be just in be actually most of the room . a small kitchenette , a bathroom . it 's more of a guest house . theo open the door to let trish out . trish be it something I do ? Theo nope . just not much more to say , we do what we come here to do , yeah ? trish ( disappointed ) okay then . theo let she out , and then walk over to the fridge . open it up , and take out two beer . CUT to : ext . harris funeral home , front porch - moment later shirley be sit on the front porch , look out at the star over the tree . she hear footstep come from around the side of the house , and look over to see - 30 . trish , walk away from the guest house . head up the driveway , toward she car . she stop as she see shirley watch she . shirley wave , casual . trish wave back , and get in the car . shirley smile a little , and look back just in time to see theo emerge from the front door of the guest house , beer in hand . head she way . Theo ( hold out the beer ) figure you could use one . theo sit next to she sister , watch as the car pull away . shirley New friend ? theo just sip she beer . shirley ( cont 'd ) she gonna come back ? Theo oh , no . sweet enough , but she 's get a pile of issue . dependency , abandonment issue , so much confusion ... ( beat ) she be a good kisser though . shirley you know what amaze I ? it 's always one date . one date , and you think you know everybody 's life story . one night , and they be codependent . mommy issue . emotionally abusive . Theo they be . shirley that be not thing you glean off someone in a few hour , theo . you have get to actually get to know they ! people be tough , they take time to show you they true color . Theo not necessarily . 31 . shirley yeah ? how old be you when you come out ? twenty five ? because we do not have a clue . none of we . and we have know you you whole life . theo shrug it off . Theo once there 's a deal breaker , I do not waste they time . or mine . I think that 's kinder . shirley you be like a guy ! you be worse than a guy . you be like a frat guy . when I say you could live here , I be not expect the pussy parade . theo chuckle , swig she beer . Theo so what 's bugging you ? shirley how do you know something be bugging I ? ( theo wait ) nell call I today . Theo so ? shirley she sound bad . Theo because it suck to be nell . shirley she call you ? Theo nope , she know better . have not talk to she in three month - shirley theo - Theo if she apologize , maybe - maybe - we can talk . but until she do , forget it . ( more ) 32 . Theo ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) what 's wrong with she ? shirley I do not know . Theo one foot in crazy and the other on a banana peel . her whole life . that 's just nell , the worst thing you can do be let yourself feel responsible for she state of mind . shirley she say it be about luke . I do not know , something about it scared I . theo nod , take another pull off the beer . Theo he ’1ll show up . when he need money . shirley I just keep think , what if he do not ... or if he do , it 's the last time I 'il ever see he - Theo I feel that way every time I see he . ryan ( 0.s . ) you lady okay ? they turn as Ryan step onto the porch . shirley hey sweetie . yeah , we be okay . theo finish she beer . Theo the beer have go and so must I . they stand . shirley thanks for the company . she hand theo she beer , which be still half full . theo take a sip as shirley step inside . 33 . ryan ( smile ) and how're you do ? theo turn she attention to Ryan . not sure why he 's linger . Theo I be pretty nifty , Ryan . how be you ? ryan I be good . theo wait . ryan ( cont 'd ) really good . you sister and I be talk about shutting the business down for a week , maybe get out of town . Theo scandalous . ryan not sure if it 's happen yet , just a head up . she finish the beer , put the bottle down . Theo well keep I post , handsome . she turn , walk away . Ryan pick up the bottle , and go to head back inside ... lingering for just a moment in the doorway . watch theo walk away , in that tight jeans ... Theo ( cont 'd ) ( without look back ) good night Ryan . startle , Ryan pull the door open . ryan good night ! CUT to : 34 . ext . hugh 's house - night a small , humble house , nestle in the suburb . Palm tree abound . legend : florida int . hugh 's bedroom - continuous hugh crane ( in he 60 's now ) be asleep in he bed . silence and darkness in the room ... we sense the mattress depress next to he , as though someone just climb into bed with he . Hugh 's eye slowly OPEN . he wait . nothing . after a few long second ... a woman 's arm silently reach around he . spoon he . pull herself up against he back . hugh doesn ’t move . just lay there , eye open . not make a sound . her arm hang around he , and finally goe limp , as if she 's just gone to sleep . very slowly , Hugh look down at the hand dangle in front of he . he swallow . hold he breath . very slowly ... so as not to wake she ... he begin to roll over , turning to get a look at her face ... slowly he turn , careful to be as silent as possible . as he pass the halfway point , almost to the point he could just begin to see she face - she scream - directly in he face , a high , shrill screech - hugh 's eye fly OPEN . he bolt upright in bed . he’s alone ... no one else be there . the shrill screech be just he ringing phone . 35 . he catch he breath , let the nightmare recede . the phone keep ringing , and he finally lift it off the night stand . it’s nell . he answer the phone , shake , slowly waking up . hugh nell ? nell ( 0.s. ) daddy ... hugh honey ? you okay ? what time be it ? he start to shuffle in the bed , get comfortable , settling back down . nell ( beat ) do you remember the bent - neck lady ? hugh sit up in bed . stare ahead , very still now . the color have drained from he face . he take this very seriously . hugh ( quietly ) yes. nell she 's back . Hugh swallow . catch he breath . hugh okay . okay . ( beat ) where be you ? CUT to : int . nell 's car - intercut nell be behind the wheel of she car . the engine be not run . it be very dark outside , she 's surround by overgrown tree . no street light at all . nell I be at home . in bed . 36 . like she 's park in the middle of the wood . CUT to : int . hugh 's bedroom - intercut Hugh sigh . hugh okay , stay there . listen ... I want you to go to Steve and shaye 's . I can drive to Orlando , get a flight to L.A. in the morning . Steve 's the close , you go to he , and - ( beat ) I ' 1l meet you there , sweetie . nell smile a little . sadly . nell okay . I love you , daddy . something about the way she say it do not sit right with Hugh . hugh be you okay ? int . nell 's car - intercut nell smile , sadly . tear fall down she cheek , but she voice do not betray she feeling . nell I be fine . I be sorry to wake you . good night , daddy . she hang up . take a deep breath . look forward , at something we can not see , in the darkness beyond the front of the car . then , she get out of the car , leave the door OPEN ... and walk into the darkness . CUT to : int . hugh 's bedroom - intercut Hugh stare at the phone in he hand . look around he room , take deep breath . this man be afraid . he shake he head , this be not possible ... 37 . finally , he get up . go to he closet , pull he bag down . he quickly pack he thing , throw just what he need in the suitcase . bag in hand , he pull the bedroom door OPEN - CUT to : int . steven' room , hill house , then - night - young hugh burst through Young Steven 's door , startling the boy . young hugh get up . stevie , get up . young steven dad ? what 's — young hugh get up , we have to get out of here . right now . young steven why ? what 's - young hugh quietly . he pull Steven up by the arm , move he toward the door . young steven my shoe - young hugh shhh . Hugh poke he head out into the hallway - and quickly pull it back , as though he saw something . slowly , silently , he pull the door close . he keep one hand on the doorknob , and raise a finger to he lip with the other . '' shhhh . '' Steven nod , confuse . he stare at he father . Hugh be sweat , pale . panicked . Steven study he , he do not know why he father be act like this . 38 . then he hear - footstep in the hallway . move closer and closer . slow , almost shambling . Hugh hold the door knob , reach up to gently push the button lock . they wait in silence as the footstep reach the door . nothing for a few second ... and then the knob start to turn . softly , explore . Hugh release he grip but keep he hand hover around the door knob , watch it turn softly . they wait , holding there breath ... and the footstep begin to walk away . further and further down the hallway they go , until all be silent again . Hugh turn to he son . young hugh ( cont ’d ) ( whisper ) we be go to run . young steven dad , what 's happen - young hugh quiet . he reach down for the doorknob , and slowly - try not to make a SOUND - turn the knob until the lock disengage . he take a breath , and then silently push the door OPEN . he poke he head into the hall , look both way . after a moment , he start breathing again . he turn to Steven . young hugh ( cont ’d ) I be go to carry you . young steven what ? I can - 39 . young hugh hold on to I , very tight . keep you eye close . no matter what you hear , do not open they . do you promise ? young steven young hugh do you promise ? young steven ( beat ) I promise . Hugh scoops he up , which be tough . he 's not a little kid anymore . Steven awkwardly wrap he arm around he dad 's neck , hook he leg around he hip . Hugh wince from the weight , but manage to support he . young hugh eye close . no matter what . eye close . Steven shake he head , rest he chin on he father 's shoulder , and close he eye . young hugh ( cont ’d ) ( to himself ) okay . okay ... okay . CUT to : int . upstair hallway , hill house , then - continuous he push the door open and start move fast down the hallway . we stay on steven 's close eye . we hear - hugh' footstep , heavy with the weight of both of they . but then , something else — bang . creaking wood . as though the house around he be moving as well . hugh ( desperate ) eye close ! 40 . the bang get louder , and then - a ear-shattering screech come from the other end of the hall . a woman scream , grow in volume and intensity - just as Hugh be about to round the corner , Steven open he eye - young steven' Pov : the hallway , dark , but for just a split second before we turn the corner we think we see - a woman , at the far end of the hallway -— either in a nightgown or a long dress -— advancing quickly - Hugh turn the corner , and we can not see any more . CUT to : int . foyer , hill house , then - continuous Hugh 's foot thunder down the stair , clutching Steven to he . sprint toward the door . behind they , a horrible voice shriek : woman' voice ( 0.s. ) bring hiimmm baaaacccckkkk ! Hugh barrel toward the front door , which be already OPEN . pant , gasp for air , he run outside , the boy in he arm . CUT to : ext . hill house , then - continuous Hugh spin Steven in he arm , put he feet on the ground . young hugh the car ! Steven 's eye be open now , he start running next to he father , panicked . behind they , the front door of Hill House slam shut . 41 . Steven start to turn to look , but Hugh push he forward . young hugh ( cont ’d ) keep go ! as Steven near the car , he see -— all of he sibling be already inside . nell up front . theo , shirley , and luke be all there , in they pajamas , all shouting and panicked . they get to the car and Steven open the back door , climb in . Hugh race for the driver 's seat . CUT to : int . hugh 's car , then -—- continuous Young Hugh fumble with the key , try to get the car start . around he , the kid shriek . young shirley what 's happen ?! what 's happen ?! young Theo daddy !! daddy ?! nell just sob loudly . Hugh ignore they , turning over the engine . it roar as he flood it with gas . Steven survey the scene , breathe heavy , and realize - young steven ( realize ) where 's mom ? Steven look back up at the house as - Hugh floors it . the tire dig into the gravel , throw it up behind the car as he swing it onto the drive . the kid shout and cry , panicked and lose . young steven ( cont ’d ) where 's mom ! dad , where 's mom ! Hugh ignore he . drive as fast as he can away from Hill House , while he child scream and cry . 42 . Steven turn around in he seat , look at the house , dark against the wood , as it get smaller in the window . in the grand , gothic upstair window he see - the silhouette of a woman , in a long nightgown ( or be ita dress ? ) staring down at they . young steven ( cont ’d ) dad ! dad ! we can not leave mom ! where 's mom ! Hugh drive , crying now . young steven ( cont ’d ) dad ! dad ! dad ! CUT to : int . WALKER house , master bedroom - night steven dad ... Steven hold he phone to he ear , speak softly while he pace . the house be dark , all of he equipment be set up and run . steven ( cont 'd ) dad , I can not . int . hugh 's car - intercut Hugh drive in the dark , pale . hugh you be the close . you sister need you . int . WALKER house , master bedroom - intercut steven she 's freak about luke . I already call all the shelter and the clinic look for he , like she want - hugh that 's not - 43 . steven - and unless he show up in a morgue , we all know what he 's do . he will pop up in a week or two look for money , just like every other time - hugh this be not about luke . steven nell say it be . hugh it 's about she . get home , stay with she . do not let she out of you sight . I will meet you there . steven dad , listen , I be not even - Hugh hang up . steven ( cont 'd ) - live at home right now . he lower the phone . sigh . at the infrare camera : Steven take a look at the ceiling above the bed . just grey , nothing unusual . he scribbles a note , check he watch . at the window : Steven look out at the street below . they be on the corner lot , the empty road light by street light . the road shimmer with the faint rain . he settles into the bed . on he back , still clothed . look around . Steven 's Pov : the ceiling above he . no spirit , just the light fixture . he close he eye , go to sleep . CUT to : int . Theo 's bedroom - later that night the camera slowly move in on theo , asleep in she bed . we drift toward the alarm clock . we see the time , glow red in the darkness : 3:02 am. 44 , as we watch , it change to 3:03 ... and theo suddenly burst up in bed , a startle scream in she throat . she gasp , she hand absently clutching she neck . eye wide . like she wake from a nightmare . CUT to : int . harris funeral home , shirley 's room - night Ryan be startled by a short scream . disoriented , he sit up , look around as he get he bearing - shirley be sitting upright in bed . gasp , breathe heavy . Hand over she heart . shirley ( catch she breath ) nellie 's in the Red room ... ryan shirl ? she blink at he . snap out of it . shirley oh ... sorry ... ryan what have you say ? shirley I do not ... what ? we can tell she can not remember . and we notice , though he do not , the clock beside she . 3:03 . CUT to : ext . under a overpass , los angele - night waking with a start , a strung - out young man ( 20' , filthy ) scramble to he foot . under the overpass there be tent , blanket - the tiny homeless colony common to the city . he knock against the trash can , startling other . stare wildly at the blanket he be just asleep on , eye wide . CUT to : 45 . int . WALKER house , master bedroom - night Steven 's eye burst OPEN . he look around , catch he breath . something wake he up ... we realize the clock beside he read 12:03 be . there 's nothing in the room . Steven slowly close he eye , go back to sleep . from high above he , the camera slowly boom down on he face until we land in a close up ... a drop of water hit he forehead . he open he eye . look up at the ceiling ... nothing out of the ordinary . just the light fixture , and a whole lot of ceiling . he wait . wait ... another drip . intrigue , Steven roll out of bed . stands up . look at the ceiling , the light fixture . wait . look down at the pillow on the bed ... wait ... drip . a drop of water hit the pillow . Steven step up onto the bed , look up at the ceiling . he stretch on the tip of he toe , try to identify the source of the water ... wait ... wait ... a car horn blare ! Steven spin , almost falling off the bed . he turn , look out the window - and from he height , he can see the two car in the intersection that just avoid a collision . another short honk , and they go off in separate way . 46 . Steven smile , catch he breath . steven' Pov : the intersection , dark . dissolve to : int . WALKER house , master bedroom - the next morning - Steven 's Pov : the intersection , in daylight . steven there be a stop sign there until recently , yes ? Steven stand at the window , with Mrs. Walker next to he . mrs . WALKER .--. I do not know , I think so . steven there 's a pole there , see ? but no sign . there be indeed a silver pole stick up from the ground at the intersection ... but nothing on it . steven ( cont 'd ) kid take they for they dorm room . it 's a moderately trafficked area ; a four way stop without a sign be bound to have a few near miss . ( beat ) you sleep better with you husband in bed , right ? mrs . WALKER of course . steven you be probably just notice the car horn now because you be not sleep as well . thing you use to sleep through . ( beat ) the water ... Steven hop up onto the bed . he reach up , slowly turn unscrew the bolt hold the light fixture . 47 . steven ( cont 'd ) it be a big storm the night he die , one of the biggest you have see in a long time . mrs . WALKER yes ... steven there 's a leak in you roof . and you just do not notice the water damage because ... he remove the bolt , and pull down the light fixture . there , where the power cord go into the ceiling , be a water stain . steven ( cont 'd ) it be cover . it be only drizzle last night , and I even get a few drip . he place the light fixture on the night stand , and wait patiently . Mrs. Walker look up at the stain , and we can tell ... sheas embarrassed . steven ( cont 'd ) this happen all the time , Mrs. Walker . mrs . WALKER and the man I see hang from my ceiling ? Steven sigh , sit on the mattress . steven the mind ... it be a powerful thing , mar ’am . especially the grieve mind . mrs . WALKER I know what I see - steven the water , the car horn , you have be picture how he die , as much as you would not want to - mrs . WALKER I see he . 48 . steven and when you push that stuff down , it come out at night . you could not help it . she shake she head . she ’1ll buy the rest , but not that . Steven frown . he speak softly , gentler . steven ( cont 'd ) when I say I have never see a ghost , that 's not exactly true . I have see a lot of ghost . just not the way you think . he step closer , sympathetic . steven ( cont 'd ) a ghost can be a lot of thing . a memory , a daydream . a secret . guilt , grief , anger . but in my experience , most time they be just what we want to see - mrs . WALKER he look so horrible . why would I want to see my Carl ... like that ? steven because it 's better than never see he again . she look at he , tear in she eye . steven ( cont 'd ) most time , a ghost be a wish . CUT to : int . WALKER house , live room - moment later Steven reach up , take down the copy of the haunting of hill house from the book shelf . he look at it , sigh . he sit down on the couch , pen in hand . open the book , to the title page , and start to inscribe . '' to irene ... thank you , and Carl , for you support . ' and whatever walk there ... walk alone 's . he sign he name with a flourish . Mrs. Walker watch , smile to herself . 49 , mrs . WALKER thank you for do that . Carl would have love it . steven my pleasure . he finish signing , and close the book . look at the cover , and the photograph of he childhood home . as he stare at it - CUT to : int . steven and shaye 's apartment - evening a manuscript of the haunting of hill house be forcefully dropped on the table in front of Steven . he 's a few year young , and live in a modest apartment . he look up , startle by the loud noise . shirley stand in front of he ... she 's pregnant . shirley the fuck , Steve . steven you do not like it ? shirley no . I do not like it . from the other room , Steven 's wife shaye ( 30' ) enter , a little alarmed by the argument . shaye what 's go on ? shirley my brother just rape the family , be what 's go on . steven hang on . shirley look , I get that thing have not exactly be go well with you write , and when you say you be do a book about the house I understand that . but this - 50 . steven I send you guy the manuscript in case you object to anything , I do not have to do that - shirley of course I object ! we object , Steven ! shaye let 's calm down a bit - shirley you be calm , shaye , you name 's not in here . he 's not exploit you worst memory for some sensationalized coffee table book , it 's not you family - shaye ( hurt ) hey ! it be my family , I be a crane now too - shirley you be not there . ( back to Steven ) nell. luke . theo . they be just kid , the thing they tell you in confidence - steven I be clear that they be kid - shirley you make mom sound fuck crazy - steven oh , mom be not crazy ? shirley and the dudley , and dad - this be the worst of the bullshit , worse than dad with the tabloid - steven dad 's have every opportunity to set it straight - what be I suppose to write ? he say it be haunt , that be he word - shirley he be a wreck ! he just lose he wife - steven - and he have not say shit about it since then ! do he talk to you , shirl ? have he tell you what happen that night ? because all I have get be the tabloid quote , he refuse to tell we anything else - shirley he believe it , Steve ! this shut he up . shirley ( cont 'd ) when he say that thing he believe they , in the moment at least , but you ... you never do - steven neither do you - shirley - and now you be digging up all that stuff , so you can make a buck and stop live on credit for a change - steven ( incredulous ) a buck . shaye step into the room , toward she husband . cautious , she know how this go ... shaye honey , she 's upset , do not make it - steven you know how much they offer on the advance ? a buck ... this be a life for we , shirl . we can get a house . we can move to l.a . I have to start a real life . for my own family - shirley we be you family , steve. ( beat ) and what you be do to mom - steven Mom be mentally ill . it 's a fact . and damned if the apple do not fall too far from -— 52 . he stop himself . too far . shirley glare , the wound obvious . shirley wow . steven ( stand , regretful ) I be sorry . that be not - shirley wow . he hold he hand up , and we see he truly regret say that . shirley collect herself . shirley ( cont 'd ) you send I you book , now you know what I think . you publish this , you know what it cost . steven ( quietly ) no one 's buy the novel , shirl . I have a chance here , to make a real life - shirley you know what it cost . she turn , walk away . shaye move to Steven , and put she arm around he as they watch shirley go . Steven look back down at the manuscript on the table , the title page - CUT to : int . WALKER house , live room - continuous Steven stare at the book for a moment , and then hand it to Mrs. Walker . steven I ' 1ll write you story . she blink . surprise . steven ( cont 'd ) it 's a good story , Mrs. Walker . and I research you house - do you know it be use as a hospice briefly in the sixty ? mrs . WALKER I do not . 53 . steven and I would like to talk to you more about you marriage , get some background on Carl . who he be , who you both be . that 's what matter , really . i’1l need to take some liberty , I always do , but I promise to be respectful . ( beat , encourage ) he be a fan . I will do it in a way he would have really like . she nod . Steven stand , and begin pack up he equipment . mrs . WALKER you really do not see anything ? Steven frown . he feel for she . young hugh ( 0.s. ) they do not see anything . CUT to : int . lawyer' office , then - afternoon young hugh pace in the attorney 's office . Young Steven watch on . attorney that 's not the point - young hugh my kid do not take the stand , Ross . I have be clear about that . young steven I have my eye close when we leave - young hugh do not say anything , stevie . attorney no one else can corroborate you story , Hugh ! young hugh that 's right . 54 . attorney look , the jury hear you talk about pack five kid into you car at three in the morning , they be gonna wonder why they be not hearing from that kid ! not a single one - young hugh right . not a single one . attorney the media 's already pile on , if we do not give they someone else to write about , it 's gonna be more of this - he drop two tabloid on the table in front of they . Steven see the headline : '' crazy crane claim Hill House haunted '' '' Hugh crane Trial : blame ghost for wife 's death ! '' Steven look up at he father . seeing he differently now ... young hugh we do not engage . attorney they get this off you statement ! to the police ! young hugh I be not think clearly that night , we lean on that . attorney you can not un -ring a bell - young hugh Fine , they can rip I to piece . they do not get to take bite out of the kid . attorney okay . we do it you way . it have just go a long way if I you have let the press near the house - hell , they 's 1l pay you ! they have pay to walk the grounds , take some picture , that money could help cover you defense - 55 . young hugh no one go near the house . the cop have to , but no one else . attorney then sell it , you need the money - young hugh no. attorney Hugh ... you be say you want to keep the house you wife just die in . do you know how that look ? Hugh shake he head . this guy do not get it ... young hugh I want the gate and door lock . I want the only key . I want to know , every day , that it 's empty . no gardener , no staff , no grounds keep . ( beat ) I want it to sit there and rot . CUT to : int . hugh 's car , then - day they drive . Young Steven look up at he father from the passenger seat . stare at he . Hugh feel the gaze . young hugh I be sorry you have to hear that . young steven what happen , dad ? Hugh do not answer . young hugh ( long beat ) it 's go to be okay . I promise you . Steven stare at he father , realize for the first time that he doesn't believe he ... close on Young Steven , look at the driver . we cut around to he Pov : CUT to : 56 . int . steven' car -— day steven be drive . we be now in he car , many year later . the passenger seat be empty . he pass a sign : los angele - 180 mile . a voice from he car speaker : voice I be sorry , there 's no luke crane at we center . we can contact you if he show up . steven I appreciate that . thanks ! he reach out , hang up the call . drive , frown . consider ... and then reach out , hit the speed dial button on he console . select the first name on the list : shaye . it ring . after several ring , a woman 's voice pick up . shaye ( long beat ) hello . steven hey . there 's a beat between they . she 's wait for he to speak , he 's not sure what to say . shaye what do you want ? steven so my sister - there 's something up with nell , she may show up at the house today . shaye ( beat ) at my house ? steven at the house , yeah . shaye why ? 57 . steven my dad tell she to , and I do not get a chance to tell he what 's ... she sigh . Steven look down at the wedding ring on he finger , grip the steering wheel . steven ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , you can just point she to I . shaye be that all ? he shake he head . frustrate . he 's not sure what to say , he could take this conversation in a few different direction , and we sense he try to pick the one least likely to combust ... steven maybe I can come by , and we can talk about this some more ? nothing . steven ( cont 'd ) how long do this need to go on , shaye ? you tell I what I have to do , and I will do it . I mean , I just want to come home - she hang up . he sigh . the road roll forward in front of he ... but the traffic be slowing . steven ( cont 'd ) great . he slow . ahead , down the rural highway , it 's bumper to bumper . a accident , most likely . steven ( cont 'd ) just great . he sit there , stare at the unmove car . and at the tree beside the highway ... some of the Northern California forest , between the bigger city . he stare . thinks . remember ... CUT to : 58. int . hill house , then - day the view of the wood , through a window . another time , before that night . before the escape ... reveal young steven look out at the tree ... and at the tree house near the house . behind he , mary pace . mary luke ? luke ! have anybody see you brother ? Steven smile , eye on the tree house . CUT to : ext . hill house , then - moment later Steven cross the yard , head toward the tree house . Hand - make , clearly with love , the structure itself sit on a ancient tree , cradle by huge branch . Steven climb the ladder . int . treehouse - moment later Steven pop up through the trap door . nearby , coloring on the floor , young luke ( 5 ) jump . young steven Mom 's look for you . Steven start to climb up . luke go back to coloring . young steven ( cont ’d ) try every closet . every single one . it never occur to she you will be in you tree house . ( beat ) the one dad build . for you . luke giggle . young steven ( cont ’d ) dinner 's ready . young luke I do not wanna go in yet , I do not like it inside . 59 . young steven I hear you . distant , we hear mary voice call , presumably out the front door . mary ( 0.s. ) luke ?! luke sigh . young steven no rush , my man . he look around . lot of toy be scattered , and little luke have clearly be busy decorate . next to all the crayon drawing , luke be hard at work on a sign . he 's get a large N and o onto the paper . young steven ( cont ’d ) whatcha make ? young luke a new sign . how do you spell '' no girl allow ? '' young steven '' yo 40 " , young luke I get that . young steven '' gr , luke start the '' G '' . young steven ( cont ’d ) I tell you last time , that 's a bad idea . what happen to you other sign ? young luke theo rip it . young steven I 's all bet . '' I '. he look at the drawing , scattered around the floor . drawing of the family . Steven smile . young steven ( cont ’d ) be this the family ? '' R '. 60 . luke start draw the '' R '' . young luke yep . and then , begin to notice a trend . there be other people in the drawing , too . young steven who 's this ? young luke friend . Steven look closer . it 's a crude draw , but there be something strike about it . the eye be just black crayon mark . the figure have no feet . young steven you imaginary friend again , huh ? young luke what 's next ? young steven '' be he look at the drawing . there be several of they ... it 's easy to tell who the adult be , give they height . he can see representation of the kid , too ... we notice the crudely drawn red rectangle in some of the picture ... the red door ... and then this other people . tall. grown up . but less color ... and that black eye ... young steven ( cont ’d ) you know I use to have imaginary friend too . they go away when you get bigger . '' S . '' young luke okay . ( look at he sign . ) no girl . theo can not rip this one , it 's not allow . young steven I 'il tell she . young luke will you hang out here though ? with I ? 61 . young steven you want I to ? young luke yeah . that way it 's just the cool kid . you , and I . young steven just we ? young luke you can hang out in here all the time . we could draw together , or play whenever you want . no girl , just stevie and luke . young steven the cool kid . Steven laugh . his smile fade a little . there 's something about that drawing ... one of they really catch he eye . it almost look like a woman , but the dress be very large . red shoe on she foot . but the strike thing be how big her mouth be ... a large black oval , twice as long as a mouth should be , even give the kid 's perspective ... OPEN in a yawning scream ... a car horn , as if coming from the OPEN mouth -— CUT to : int . steven' car -— continuous the car horn startles Steven out of he reverie . traffic be move again , slowly . he wave at the car behind he , pull forward . he 's almost on the accident scene . he slowly pass the ambulance , light flash . the car , mangle . it 's not even on he side of the highway . he 's be stick in traffic from the rubberneck , that 's all . he sigh heavily . steven everybody get a good look ? okay ? can we go now ? 62 . he and the other car crawl past the scene , and get up to speed again . the phone ring , a income call . on the console : richard . Steven accept it . steven ( cont 'd ) hey . richard see any ghost ? steven I have get a title : '' the leak of Walker roof . '' richard anything useful ? steven it use to be a hospice , there 's stuff there . maybe we find a few more ? hospice turn residential ? two more of that and I might have something . richard you do not sound too excited . he look back in the mirror at the accident scene behind he . steven she give I a great visual of a car accident ghost - maybe we go that way ? find some gnarly car accident , ghost in the wreck , most haunt highway ? something like that ? richard haunted highway be not bad . you know what I could really sell , though ? Steven shake he head . he know exactly . steven hanging up now . richard people want to know where you guy be this day ! 63 . steven no way , Richard . richard none of you sale ever top Hill House . there 's so much interest - you dad , you sibling , what the house look like today - steven ( think ) Bet it look like shit . richard it would sell . steven not interested . my family 's still piss about the first one . I do another one , I will not ever be able to show my face again . a sigh on the other end . they have do this before . richard think about it ? Steven hang up . CUT to : ext . steven' apartment - night legend : los angele Steven step out of he car outside of a dingy apartment build , in the suburb of Los Angeles . grab he bag from the trunk , and head in through the front door . int . steven' apartment , stairwell - moment later the '' lobby '' of the building be really just a series of wall - mount mail slot , crack tile floor , and the foot of a old staircase . this be not a place where someone life - it 's a place where someone squat , until the crisis have pass . Steven drop he tripod , and it clang noisily at the bottom of the stair . 64 . steven ( frustrated ) aw , fother mucker - he grab it , look up the stair - and freeze . stand at the landing , clutching a armful of odd and end be the strung - out young man we meet under the overpass . steven ( cont 'd ) ( sigh ) hey luke . luke ( 20' , no longer the little kid we know ) have clearly have a hard road . pale , sweaty . thin . he look like he 's be sleep on the street . luke hey stevie . Steven stare at he , nodd to himself . look at the thing luke be clutching in he hand ... odd and end , some cash . a old camcorder . a ipad . steven how would you know where to find I ? luke just stare at he . he seem caught . steven ( cont 'd ) tell you what ... Steven drop he bag , reach for he wallet . luke watch , a bit humiliate . steven ( cont 'd ) I have get ... let 's see . two hundred buck here . you hand I that iPad , you can keep the cash and you can sell that old camera . he point to the iPad . steven ( cont 'd ) I need that iPad though . I have get manuscript on there , and some personal thing . Research , picture - it stay here . luke lower he head . ashame . 65 . silently , he move down the stair . he hand Steven the iPad , and sheepishly take the cash Steven hold out . luke I be sorry . steven I know . luke linger . somehow , this be worse than be yell at . luke I just gotta square up and then I be good again , and I be go back to the clinic . steven good . Steven make no effort to stop he brother , just look at he sadly . luke and before you say anything about rehab - I know what you be gonna say , and I do not need - steven I be not say a damn thing . luke blink , a little surprised ... and then head to the door . Steven watch he brother go , vanish into the street . he sigh . look down at the iPad in he hand , and pick up he bag . CUT to : int . steven' apartment , hallway - moment later Steven get to he door . it 's OPEN a little , and we can see the damage to the door frame from when luke break in . steven awesome . he push the door open . head into the darkness of he apartment . CUT to : 66. int . steven' apartment , live room - continuous it 's a SMALL place , dark . colored light from a advertisement near the window spill in , painting some of the shadow . Steven drop he bag , hit the light - revealing nell , stand in the live room . steven ( startle ) Jesus ! he laugh , shaking he head . steven ( cont 'd ) thanks , I need a good scare . she stand still ... she expression sad . steven ( cont 'd ) shaye boot you too , huh ? I try to tell dad . we be have some issue , but - do you tell luke where I live ? you bring he here ? nell do not answer . steven ( cont 'd ) you just stand here and watch he loot I ? Christ , nell . ( beat ) so you hit up everybody . dragge luke out , make dad hop on a plane ... he put he hand on he hip . steven ( cont 'd ) Fine . you get we all listen . what do you want ? what 's so damn important , nell ? nell look up , make eye contact . she start to move her lip , but she do not make a sound ... Steven 's phone ring . he look down , lift it out of he pocket . it 's hugh . steven ( cont 'd ) shit . I do not give he the address ... 67 . behind he , he do not see nell 's arm come up , pointing just over he shoulder . he answer . steven ( cont 'd ) hey . I try to tell you . hugh ( 0.s. ) Steve ... static . steven dad ? hugh ( 0.s . ) ( static , break up ) - bout - nell - steven can not hear you . hugh ( 0.s. ) ( static ) «+. you hear I ? I say it 's about nell . steven I know , I just walk in and she - hugh ( 0.s. ) nell be lie . steven shock . hugh ( 0.s . ) she be not in LA . she be ... at home , Steve . he look up at nell . hugh ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) she be at the house . Steven stop , blink . smirk a little . hugh ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) she ... she kill herself . around three ( static ) morning ... 68 . steven ( beat , laugh ) what ? hugh ( 0.s. ) last night . at the house , Steve . the goddamn house - more static . Steven hold he breath . this do not compute ... he turn , to look back where nell be stand - she' right in front of he face . inches away . he drop the phone . hugh ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) ( over the phone ) Steve ? Steve , you there ? nell stare at her brother . and just like Mrs. Walker say , Steven do not scream . he just stare back , a look of confusion on he face ... as she eye slowly roll up into her head . silently , slowly . no fanfare , just ... slowly rolling back , until he can only see the white of her eye ... Steven do not move . he do not scream . his mind can not even process what he 's see ... he just stare . and the red vein spread across they ... her skin change . stretching , lose its color . become waxen , grey and dead . her mouth slowly drop OPEN ... reach its limit ... and keep go . dropping lower and lower , impossibly low ... a SOUND coming from her throat - like a scream , but start very far away - build in intensity as her jaw drop - finally become deafening -— Steven 's paralysis be break . he scream , falling backward . hit the ground , look back up - 69 . and just like that , nell be gone . like she be never there . hugh ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) Steven ? Steve ? Steven gasp , catch he breath . eye wide and terrify . the room be empty , and he be alone inside . hugh ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) Steve ? fade out .