" a T o m I C S U B m a R I N E " screenplay by orville H. hampton producer alex gordon director spencer G. bennet in association with production manager jack rabin & irving block edward morey , JR . gorham-raylock production - - - " atomic submarine " ahead of title - prologue fade in : 1 stock shot - NORTH pole area - day with , possibly , radically - design jet plane fly over the Arctic waste . narrator it cost Commander Robert peary twenty year or unremitte hard - ship and misery to reach the North pole , finally , in 1909 . dissolve to : 2 another stock shot - arctic wastes - day narrator it would have astound peary to learn that , by the late 1950 's and early 60' , the vast , freeze top -of- the-world he pioneer have become a vital highway for world travel and commerce . not just in the sky ... dissolve to : 3 special effect shot - under ice - submarine route narrator ... but also deep under the ice , in the frigid , five - million - square - mile depth of the Arctic Ocean . 4 special effect shot - cargo sub sturgeon - day the huge , heavy vessel glide smoothly along , between underwater mountain , follow the well - beat polar route . ( continued ) - - - 2 . 4 ( continued ) narrator here great passenger and cargo - carry atomic submarine glide by the dozen , back and forth across the pole , until a series of mysterious undersea disaster threaten to close the Arctic route forever . 5 special effect shot - close shot - sturgeon as it glide , very close , past camera , so we can read the name : u.s.a.s. sturgeon ( United States atom sub sturgeon ) on the bow . we may spot the close - circuit tv camera on the surface of the con tower . narrator the decisive moment come May 3 , at 1315 hour , when the undersea atomic liner , sturgeon , large of they all , reach 87 degree , 10 minute north latitude - only a few mile from the North pole it - self ! 6 special effect shot - underwater ice cave - day in the depth of it appear a distant , faint ball of glow light . the ball begin move toward camera , slowly , become larger and larger . there may be a faint , weird electrical hum just audible from it . 7 special effect shot - cargo sub sturgeon it move ahead , unconscious of impending doom , the peep - peep of its sonar impulse now gradually increase in pitch , doppler effect , as they echo back from the approach blob of light . 8 special effect shot - the saucer - day dimly see , a vague , indistinct shape ( through this sequence -- it approach -- a huge , oval - shape disc , with what seem to be a revolve turret , or lighthouse , on top . the peep - peep of the sturgeon sonar have now rise to a frantic scream , and the magnetic , low-frequency hum from the saucer become louder and louder - - - 3. 9 special effect shot - pan shot with sturgeon the great atom sub glide past camera , but now , as we be shoot from she stern over the bow , we see the screw halt , then go into reverse , and she begin to back away , back toward camera . then , in the b.g. , we see the saucer , the great , eerie ' eye ' or whatever it be , loom like a searchlight on she top , and the oval shape seem like a great mass of glow energy . the saucer be easily overtake the reverse sturgeon , when : 10 special effect shot - the saucer it move to a position nearly fill screen , when ... a great bolt of sheer high - frequency energy - like a undersea lightning bolt - stab out from somewhere in the saucer , and lance out toward camera . 11 special effect shot - the saucer and sturgeon the great , stabbing bolt of energy impinge on the hull of the sturgeon , and for a instant , the entire sub seem to glow with radiant light . then , in closer de - tail , we see the effect ... 12 special effect shot - bow of sturgeon it seem to melt away ( or collapse ) like a shell of paraffin over a fire . the water boil and hiss about it . 13 special effect shot - conning tower the radio antenna , the periscope , the mast , the tower itself - all seem to melt , and collapse . 14 special effect shot - the sturgeon what be leave of the sturgeon , glow and hiss , still red hot , begin rise to the surface , towards the ice-layer . 15 special effect shot - the saucer it reverse , draw back into the ice - cave from which it issue . - - - 4. 16 speclal effect shot - above ice - day and now , she seem to be rise in a tremendous crunch - ing , grind , writhe activity . finally , it break completely , and for a moment , the red-hot hull of the sturgeon be visible in the crack , grind mass of ice . then , a larger hiss of steam , and finally a roar of earthquake volume , a fireball , then a mushroom cloud . the atomic reactor of the sturgeon have blow up , the ship be vaporize to nothingness . as the atomic cloud rise up toward camera ... 17 screen whirl optically into a spiral blur and then dissolves to : 18 insert - clcseup - newspaper front page this come whirling into view , then whirling stop and we can read the headline in the capital time . close arctic sea lane after epic disaster !! - - - mysterious loss of sturgeon , latest in Series of polar tragedy , prompt drastic action . dissolve to : 19 ext . stock shot - WASHINGTON prererably of the Pentagon . a helicopter shot of it would be most readily identifiable . narrator accord to the official report , the next phase of the life - and - death drama occur May 10 , in Washington -- dissolve to : 20 insert - closeup paneled door on which be lettere : ( continued ) - - - 5 . 20 ( continued ) bureau of arctic defense war room no admittance without special security clearance narrator -- at a hush -hush , super - secret meeting in the Arctic theater war room . 21 int . war room - day - matte shot - EST . shot this room be , more than anything else , a system of map and chart - a huge detail of the Arctic ocean occupy - ing a entire wall behind the conference table . on it be small , magnetic model of submarine , defense station , etc . also , to one side , be a huge globe of the world , on a revolve stand . file cabinet , roll map and chart , shelf of reference , navigation guide , etc . all business ; no time waste on decora - tion . there be a electric lock on the door ; no one can ' burst in ' on the excuse of make a mistake . 22 close shot - admiral terhune the burly , grim - face Admiral , in uniform , be at the head of the conference table . there be a intercom on a small stand beside he position at the table . the Admiral have a sheaf of report and photograph , also a stack of mimeograph ' brief ' at he elbow . no nonsense ; terhune speak in clipped , brief phrase , almost as if he have digested sentence down to short , terse burst before ' release ' they from he lip . the admiralt lip be move as we first see he , but we do not hear he speech until the narrator be finish . narrator Admiral terhune , in charge of the Arctic theater for the Joint Chiefs , well know the effect the ' leak ' of any of the explosive information would have on the world civilian population . so the Admiral be determine : there would be no leak ! - - - revised 5 - 26 -59 " atomic submarine 6 . 23 full shot - past conference table - toward door and now we see Admiral terhune in the close f.g. , and the other participant of the meeting - dr . clifford kent , a practical , ' egghead ' scientist , Chief of Scientific Research and weapon development ; sir ian hunt , English , winner of the Nobel prize for oceanography , and Defense Secretary murdock , distinguished , white -haire . there be a knock . Admiral terhune press the button , the lock buzy , and the door open . commander wendover step inside . he be a hard - bitten , intelligent young - old man of about forty . year of responsibility have make he older mentally than physically . he be the high type of the professional navy man , the elite of the new craft , the atomic submarine . wendover Admiral terhune ! 24 panning with wendover he manage a smile , put out he hand as he cross to the Admiral 's place at the table , in a tight group shot with the other man . admiral ( address the man at the table ) gentlemen , this be the man we have be wait for - skipper of the atom killer sub , Tiger shark - Commander Dan wendover . ( indicate ) this be Justin murdock , Secretary of Defense ... wendover Mr. murdock ... murdock Commander . admiral and I know you have hear of Dr. clifford Kent , Dan -- wendover put out he hand and the scientist take it . kent Commander . admiral Dr. Kent have a lot to do with the development and design of you boat . ( continue ) ( continued ) - - - revised 5 - 26 -59 " atomic submarine " 7 . 24 ( continued ) murdock ( indicate ) Sir Ian hunt just fly in from London . wendover ( impressed ) be you the Doctor hunt - Nobel prize winner for oceanography ? sir ian ( smile ) let 's say I take the bow for a team of brrlliant associate . they take they seat at the table . terhune indicate a place for wendover ; meanwhile , he pull a sheet of paper from a file folder in front of he . look at they all in turn to command attention , the Admiral say : admiral gentlemen , to begin , let I read you just one line from a detailed staff study prepare for the Joint Chiefs : " in we judgment , this Arctic disaster may prove the gravest emergency in all history . " 25 reaction shot - panning over face as part of the above line carry over scene . murdock o.s. any comment on that statement ? 26 close two - sir ian and kent Sir Ian , in typical English underplay fashion , comment : sir ian bit on the fanciful side , be not it , Sir ? 27 group shot the Admiral smile wryly , murmur : ( continued ) - - - 8. 27 ( continued ) admiral possibly , possibly . ( then , a new think , take another paper from the folder ) let I read you a partial list of observe phenomenon : 1 . complete disruption of communica - tion with Dew line warning station . 2 . destruction of four surface vessel , large , 10,000 ton . 3 . radioactivity in Arctic water , floe ice and berg . 4 . peculiar television image precede each distress call . 5 . Seven polar atom sub , vanish without a trace ! ( a grim smile ) " fanciful " do you say , Sir Ian ? 28 reaction shot - closeup - men to intercut above , while Admiral read . 29 tight group the Admiral look up expectantly into the face . admiral now we come to you , Dan . you skipper the Tiger shark , the most advanced , the deadly killer sub in the fleet . right now she 's undergo emergency , around the clock modification in the bremerton navy yard . the Admiral pull a cross-section of the Tiger shark from he pile of document , use a pencil to indicate he point as he say : admiral ( cont would ) the order call for special obser - vation and testing instrument here ... 30 insert - closeup - diagram of sub as the Admiral 's pencil , as a pointer , follow he word , he explain : ( continued ) - - - 9 . 30 ( continued ) admiral o.s. removal of all but two atomic torpedo . special launching equipment for water - to- air ballistic missile . a special escape hatch in the keel for the lungfish . 31 group shot - favoring wendover and admiral as wendover frown , puzzle . wendover ' the lungfish ? ' admiral a special deep - exploration device - sort of a animated diving bell . Captain siguard nielsen develop it , after he retire , if you remem - ber ? ( toss the diagram back on the pile ) he will be go with you - ( then , indicate the other two scientist ) - along with Dr. Kent , and Sir Ian . 32 camera roll in slowly for tight two of the admiral and wendover wendover 's face become more and more grim as the Admiral explain : admiral special order be be cut recalling you entire crew from leave , effective at once . there 's a fast jet at National Airport wait to fly you , Dr. Kent and Sir Ian to Seattle . 33 camera move in for big head of wendover as the Admiral conclude : ( continued ) - - - revised 5 - 26 -59 " atomic submarine " 10 . 33 ( continued ) admiral o.s. the Mission of the Tiger shark be to hunt down and identify the cause of this Arctic disaster . if humanly possible , you will remove it : slow dissolve to : 33-a stock shot - seattle - preferably high panorama - night dissolve to : - - - revised 5 - 26 -59 " atomic submarine " 10 - a . 33 - B int . reef' apartment - night a modern bachelor apartment - live room and bedroom combination , nicely furnish , with a kitchenette behind a pass - through bar at the other end of the room . this double as a bar for mixing drink . empty glass and the remnant of snack be scattered about . 33-c apartment door - three shot - dave helen reef lieutenant dave milburn , ex - Naval Academy halfback and inter-collegiate box champion , hard - nose and trigger - tempere , be reluctantly take leave from reef 's party . his pretty , placid wife , helen , be indeavor to get he through the open door and cut he ' farewell scene ' short . Dave be slightly , but not objectionably , high . reef holloway , a handsome , capable , relaxed annapolis - type , be smile amiably and banter with Dave , all the while try to usher he out with determine speed . but it be not easy to get Dave through the door . he be chatter constantly , in a lecture tone , to someone inside the apartment o.s . dave ( earnestly ) ... not that I do not think we Lieutenant Commander holloway be the finest exec in the sub fleet , Julie ... and not that he be not the best friend I have - helen ( pull Dave by he arm ) come on , Dave . you talk too much . dave quiet , Little mother ! ( back to Julie o.s . ) I feel it behoove I to warn you - 33-d full shot - julie perch on the arm of a overstuff chair , in all she lush female magnificence - contoure and accouter elegantly - with fine leg , long and sexy . Julie be drool - bait , especially for a undersea sailor who only come up for air and ' so forth ' every three month . Julie smile to herself as she listen to Dave 's slightly thick , but earnest advice . dave ( continue , o.s . ) we friend reef be no less than number one howl of the entire sub Wolf pack . nuclear power ! when it come to woman , he have a build - in sonar detector that - - - - revised 5 - 26 -59 " atomic submarine " 10-b-c-d . 33-e three shot - reef dave helen - apartment door reef be try to crowd Dave through the door from behind while helen be tug away at he from the outer portion of the doorway . reef now , Dave Old buddy , you know you be exaggerate - ( to helen ) what do you think of this husband of yours ? on most boat a certain loyalty exist between the exec and he navigation and firing Officer . ( he sigh tragically ) but unfortunately , in the case of Lieutenant Dave milburn of the Tiger shark and myself - dave ( fight he way back inside , militantly ) but Julie 's a nice girl , and I have see you work . she deserve a fight chance ! reef helen . I appeal to you - helen ( clutching Dave by both shoulder and stare he in the eye ) Dave ! look at I ! I be the mother of you three child ! now please take I home to they . at once ! Dave smile weakly , now feel the drink , bow heroically to the room at large , and exit scene under helen 's guide arm . reef close the door behind they with a elaborate sigh , then camera pan with he into scene with Julie . she look up at he impishly and smile : julie Dave be exaggerate . just think , a man spend three month in a deep freeze . it would take he whole shore leave just to thaw he out . by that time , he 's ready to report back ! reef it will not take I long to defrost - not around you ! the moment be pregnant with anticipation as reef meet the unspoken challenge in Julie 's eye as we dissolve to : - - - revised 5 - 26 -59 " atomic submarine " 10 - E 33-f tight two shot - big head - reef and julie in a deep , torry kiss on the couch . eye close , they enthusiastically plumb the depth of feel , then , at last , reluctantly , they break apart . Julie sigh deeply . reef shake he head , like a boxer who have sustained a knockout punch , try to clear it . camera pull back for mo . two . Julie , unable to speak for a moment , throw a quick look at reef , who seem to be gulp for air , then she reach for a cigarette from a box on the coffee table . she drop two or three as she fumble for one and finally get it in she mouth . reef pick up a table lighter , strike it , hold it to she cigarette . but he arm be tremble so he cannot hold it steady . finally , Julie grasp he wrist , hold the flame steady , then contrive to bring the tip of the cigarette in contact with it . she lean back , take a deep drag , only now dare to speak . julie ( ruefully ) what be I say ... about thawing out iceberg ? reef manage a tiny smile . then he observe : reef you never can tell about ice - berg . only one - ninth above water . Julie weigh this , then study reef appraisingly : julie after that kiss - I would say that 's about right . reef snuggle closer to she , slip a arm about she waist , murmur : ( continued ) - - - 10 - F 33 - m ( continued ) reef do you feel anything ? julie ( incredulous , dis - traught ) be you kid ??? she take a couple of rapid puff , reach for she drink , take a long pull at it . reef I mean - that this be the be - gin of something - that it be not just ... accidental , we get together ? julie ( wryly ) original ! ( stare off , as if to recall ) be not the next chorus something about : ' let 's not waste one precious golden moment - any second , there could be a knock on the door , and - reef cover she mouth with he fingertip , murmur : reef Stranger thing have happen , you know . I have have leave can - cell like - he snap he finger . now Julie cover he lip , murmur with unmistakable import : julie then by all mean , let 's not waste time ! and she kiss he - hard , enthusiastically . immedi- ately , happ1ly , reef enter into the spirit of the thing . - - - 10 - G 34 ( omitted ) 34-a insert - closeup glove hand - at door of reef be apartment a uniform glove . it come up to the bell , which be be - neath a card read : lo. comm . rich . L. holloway , u.s.n. the glove finger punch the bell . 35 int . reef' apartment - night - tight two - reef and julie still kissing . Julie murmur : julie I hear a bell . eye close , reef murmur : reef I hear a whole carillon of them ! and he kiss she again . 36 int . hall outside reef' apartment - night - insert - close pan - with hand as it leave the bell , begin banging on the door in - sistently . 37 int . reef' apartment - night - two shot - julie and reef again , frown , she listen : julie what 's that pound ? reef , eye still close , take she hand , place it over he heart . reef ( murmur ) need I say more ? and he kiss she again . the pounding stop . - - - revised 5 - 26 -59 " atomic submarine " 10 - h 38 over shoulder of reef and julie - down at floor and now Julie , look over reef 's shoulder , see a envelope push under the door from the hall outside . she react , tap he on the shoulder . julie ( insistently ) reef - look ! reluctantly , he turn , see the envelope . he frown at she . with extreme reluctance , he go to the door , stoops down , pick up the envelope , remove the content . Julie wait anxiously . suddenly , reef grasp the significance , slap he fore - head in exasperation . reef oh no ! julie ( alarmed ) what 's wrong ? she jump up , go over to he , grasp he wrist , look at the papers . she , too , react , as reef tragically slap he forehead again , look regretfully at she - this lovely , willing morsel . reef oh no ! and he be almost cry as we - slow dissolve to : 38-a stock shot - a navy yard - night CUT to : - - - revised 5 - 26 -59 " atomic submarine " 11 39 ext . navy yard - night - closeup sign on build bremerton navy yard dock 1 - 6 no admittance except to authorize U.S. navy personnel camera pan off sign to pick up jeep which pull up to the front of the gate lead to the pier . reef holloway , very grim -face , very disgust , climb out , take he sea bag from the vehicle . the jeep pull away . reef , shaking he head regretfully , start toward the Marine guard at the door . omit 40 40a navy yard - at gate chief of the boat ' griff ' griffin , a ' old navy ' man with clipboard , be check off seamen , one by one , as they pass through the gate , murmure they name and pass on the submarine o.s. as reef approach , lieut . dave milburn intercept he . dave reef ! reef ( glumly ) so they catch up with you , too ? 40b two shot - dave & reef dave ( sadly ) at the worst possible moment . tomorrow be janie 's birthday . poor little kid have look forward for two month to have she daddy home . now - reef ( unimpress ) that 's the worst possible moment ? dave ( frown ) what could be worse than disappoint - ing a little girl ? reef ( flatly ) disappoint a big girl ! ( continued ) - - - revised 5 - 26 -59 " atomic submarine " 11 - a 40b ( continued ) Dave , with a wick grin , take this big . dave Julie ! ( he laugh cruelly , unsympathetically ) reef throw he a dirty , betrayed look . 40c panning with they - past griff as they start through the gate past griff , who acknowledge they . Dave laugh heartily , clap reef sympathetically on the shoulder . dave tough , old buddy ! really tough ! dissolve to : 41 int . control room - group shot - wendover hunt kent as Dave and reef come down ladder and greet wendover . reef ( puzzle ) think you be go to Washington , skipper . wendover I do go . just back . ( then ) reef , this be a couple of we passenger - Sir Ian hunt , and Dr. clifford Kent . my exec , Commander Richard holloway . reef ( shaking hand ) I meet Dr. Kent , once . kent Nice to see you again , Commander . reef ( puzzle ) be you man go with we ? what for ? where - wendover ( non-commitally ) we will discuss that later . - - - revised 5 - 26 -59 " atomic submarine " 12 . 42 pan with wendover to seaman wendover tell Chief griffin to report to I as soon as the crew be aboard . the seaman acknowledge the order and exit . wendover ( to Kent and Sir Ian ) my yeoman will show you to you quarter . sir ian thank you . one of the seamen lead the way out bulkhead door to the wardroom . 42a ext . navy yard - at gate ( as in 40 - a ) the seaman who report wendover 's message be just exite scene . griffin be check name off on he roster as yeoman chester tuttle , rumor- monger of the Tiger shark , approach the Chief . chester what 's the scoop , griff ? haul out in the middle of the night - all leave cancel . we goin ' to war , or what ? griff ( logically ) do not you worry , Chester . when the skipper want you to know what 's go on , he will tell you . okay ? chester ( not satisfied ) I do not like it . this be all mighty funny - griff ( non-commitally ) be not it , though ? ( then , motion with he pencil ) suppose you get aboard , anyway , huh ? disgruntle , Chester pass through the gate , as griff check he off on the roster and grin after he . - - - revised 5 - 26 -59 " atomic submarine " 13-14 43 int . control room - night here be the ' brain ' of the sub - the control , the tv monitor , the sonar set , the ' Christmas Tree ' panel of warning light , etc . 44 full shot - the con Dave milburn be already busy check the equipment . the other seamen be prepare the boat for sea . reef turn to wendover . reef I think I will stow my gear . but wendover , with a peculiar look , frown , and say : wendover I be - afraid I have some bad news for you , reef - ( as reef look at he ) you will have to share quarter , this trip . reef ( frown , puzzle ) who with ? wendover Dr. neilsen . he will be - - ( continued ) - - - 15 . 44 ( continued ) reef ( grin ) ' Doctor ' neilsen ? when do that happen ? wendover ( puzzle ) huh ? reef ( cheerfully ) it will be all right . we be old friend ! now reef be down below deck level . wendover turn towards Dave . wendover shrug helplessly . Dave be - turn it . wendover ( check the plot board ) get ready . we shove off as soon as griff report all the crew aboard . dave right , skipper . he go to work , as wendover smile peculiarly at the bulkhead door through which reef just pass . 45 int . passageway - night - pan shot - with reef - overlap action above as he climb down a ladder into frame , then pan with he as he ease past a couple of seamen and arrive at the entrance to the exec compartment . he frown as he see a sign by entrance . 46 insert - closeup - the sign it be only stick on by scotch tape , below the normal exec sign . it read : dr . neilsen . 47 close shot - reef he hesitates only a second , knock , then push drape aside . - - - 16 . 48 int . exec compartmet - night - mo . close - reef as he enter , smile cheerfully : reef I understand we will be share quarter , skipper - ( but then , he grin fade , become a look of disgust , loathing ) Carl ! you - ! 49 two shot - reef and carl neilsen carl neilsen have the look of a ascetic - thin , sensi- tive feature , a nervous , intense manner - the 'egg - head ' appearance . he turn , react to reef 's presence . he be smoking a cigarette in rapid , nervous puff . reef sink , disgust onto the bunk . reef I should have suspectcd , when I hear that ' Doctor . ' I think it be you father . carl it be suppose to be . dad have a heart attack , two day ago . reef ( alarmed ) how be he - ? carl it be moderate . he will be all right . ( then ) but it be out of the question , he come along . reef ( disgust ) and they think you could be - place the skipper ? Carl display a trace of anger for the first time . carl there be no choice . dad and I develop the lungfish together . except for he , I be the only one qualified to dive in it . ( continued ) - - - 17-18 49 ( continued ) reef you could train someone else . carl not in two day . ( then , earnestly ) look : do you think I want to come ? if it do not mean so much to dad - prove he depth -explorer - it 's the last thing I would want ! reef 's lip curl contemptuously . he mutter slowly , angrily : reef that I can believe ! Carl drop he eye at the intensity of reef 's stare . he turn to he gear , begin unpack he essential . reef shake he head vaguely , worriedly . dissolve to : 50 through ( omitted ) 53 54 ext . submarine dock - night - stock shot or special effect - submarine leaving dock it make a turn in the channel , then head up the sound , past Seattle , toward the open sea . ( continued ) - - - 19 . 54 ( continued ) narrator the Tiger shark leave she dock at bremerton at 0335 hour , the morning of May 11 , on what be to prove the strangest , most fearful voyage ever make by a submarine , atomic or otherwise . wipe to : 55 int . captain compartment - night - close shot - wendover at desk he carefully open a compartment of he desk , lock by a combination lock , take out the log book and the seal order for the voyage . then , replace the order in the compartment , he take a pen and begin make a entry in the log . narrator simultaneously with the ' shark 's ' departure , and with he crew still in the dark concern they secret , fateful mission , skipper wendover make the first notation in the log ... 56 insert - closeup - the log book as wendover 's hand write , carefully and precisely : may 11 - 0335 hour . departed bremerton dock , full crew - special passengers kent , hunt , neilsen . will brief crew in two hour after clearing SOUND ... narrator ... the man would remain un - brief for two hour , until the Tiger shark clear puget sound and be head for the open sea ... dissolve to : 57 int . crew dine room - night - full shot - the dine hall which have a series of long table and bench , be - movable when the room be to be use for other pur - pose . to one side be the pass -through to the galley , ( continued ) - - - revised 5 - 26 -59 " atomic submarine " 20 . 57 ( continued ) where there be always a cook on duty to feed and coffee man come off watch . there be several crew member drink coffee at the table now . we see cpo griff griffin enter , almost stumble and fall over a huge pile of equipment on the floor - aqualung , face mask , tank , fin , rubber suit , etc . - sharkman outfit . griff explode : griff who the devil belong to this ... gear ? powell o.s. we do , Chief . and al powell , a long , lean drink - of - water , and he partner , don carney , short , stockier , a ill- assort pair , step into scene , look somewhat uneasily at the irate Chief . griff oh ? you two guy - what do you do around here ? carney underwater demolition . seamen first class Powell ... ( indicate the taller ) ... and I be carney . griff ( exasperate ) yeah , I know - so you be frogmen ! powell we be off tin can . we have look this pig-boat over from fore - to - aft , but can not seem to find a empty locker to stow we stuff . griff a empty locker in a sub ? be you kid ? ( then , hand on hip ) this whole deal be make less and less sense to I . what be frogmen do aboard the Tiger shark ? ( continued ) - - - 21 . 57 ( continued ) carney follow order , like everybody else in the navy . ( he take out he and Powell 's , hand they to griff ) griff examine they , scratch the back of he neck , shake he head . griff beat I . ( then , hand back the order ) I do not envy you swabby , swimmin ' in that North pole ice water . powell meantime , where will we stash this gizmo ? griff gesture for they to pick it up , and follow he . griff come on . maybe we can hide it somewhere in the aft torpedo room . Powell and carney pick up they gear , follow griff aft . dissolve to : 58 ext . OPEN ocean - night - special effect shot - TIGER shark snorkel the only portion of the sub above water . narrator shortly before dawn , the Tiger shark , run submerge at better than thirty knot , have leave the sound behind and be head for the open sea . 59 int . passage to ward room - pan shot with wendover as he climb down a ladder from a upper hatch into the passage to the ward room . - - - 5 - 27 -59 " atomic submarine " 22-23 59 -a int . ward room of sub - night the ward room , officer ' dining room and " social " area , where the ship 's officer , include reef and Dave , the scientist , Carl neilsen and griff , be assemble . griff have a microphone ready for the Captain , as he enter . wendover sit down , as griff step back a pace or two . wendover take out he seal order , open they , glance through they , then hand they to reef . wendover this be we order , reef . better look they over while I fill in the crew . reef take they , and be read they intently while the Captain be say into the microphone : wendover now hear this : all man of the Tiger shark . this be the Captain speak . ( he take a deep breath ) I know you be wonder about all the mystery - omit 60-62 - - - 5 - 27 -59 " atomic submarine " 24 . 63 reaction shot - about sub in thc ( a ) torpedo room ( b ) crew dining room ( c ) control room , as desire , to intercut wendover 's briefing . all the face be sober , xxx tense . wendover o.s. ( filter ) we mission be so dangerous it have to be keep completely secret . it 's we job to find out what cause the disaster under the Arctic ice . once we cross the Arctic Circle , any command you hear will be the real thing , remember that ! 64 int . ward room - night - mo . group - about wendover as he finish , he face set , solemn , sober . wendover that 's about it . now you know as much as I do - as much as anybody do - ( a faint , grim smile ) I assure Washington this be the best crew of the best sub in the fleet . I know you will not make a liar out of I ! wendover click off the mike , hand it to griff , who solemnly hang it up . Dave heave a deep sigh , relieving tension , breathes a solemn : dave well ! reef , grim , he face freeze , hand the order back to wendover . wendover what do you think ? reef ( slowly , consider ) I think I should have join the Air Force ! and the member of the group manage a faint smile . - - - revised 5 - 26 -59 " atomic submarine " 25 . 65 close shot - carl nervously he study reef . he be visible just beyond , look up , meet the glance . Carl turn ostentatiously away . dissolve to : 66 montage sequence insert - closeup wendover's hand writing in log and the notation : may 18 , 1200 hour , still running due NORTH voyage uneventful position 165:20 W. longitude , latitude 58 ' 10 ' ... and over the move hand we : superimpose : insert - animated map of polar region with a move course line of the Tiger shark 's voyage from puget sound north into Arctic water . at this point she be possibly about opposite juneau , but far out in the Pacific . over above two scene : narrator a week later , the Tiger shark be still run due north at cruise speed . so far the voyage be routine , uneventful . but the nearer they come to the Arctic Circle ... omit 67 - - - 26 . 67 ( continued ) over this scene : narrator ( cont would ) ... the more the tension increase , the more tiny irritation be magnify into bitter feud ... the more the crewmen ponder they possible rate at the end of the voyage ... fade back in - superimposed : 68 insert - the animated polar map with the course line still move north . end of montage fade out : fade in : 69 insert - closeup - wendover writing in log and now the entry read : may 20 , 0900 hour crossed arctic circle nearing danger area all watch doubled ... narrator on the morning of May 20 , the Tiger shark cross the Arctic Circle into the critical area ... dissolve to : 70 stock shot - arctic this should consist of move field of berg , avalanch polar bear , walrus , etc . dissolve to : 71 special effect shot - TIGER shark running at periscope depth . - - - revised 5 - 26 -59 " atomic submarine " 27 . 72 int . control room - day - Pov - optical shot - special effect - close shot tv monitor as the viewer apparently pan over a field of float iceberg . dissolve to : omit 73 74 74 a 75 int . ward room - day - panning with reef and dave as they come in . reef stop , glare as he see Carl , sit at one of the table , make calculation on a pad , sip coffee . Carl look up , catch reef 's eye . without a word , he finish he coffee , pick up he material , and go out . Dave watch this tableau curiously . when Carl be go , reef go to the silex , pour a cup of coffee for himself and one for Dave . Dave join he , puzzle . reef ( bitterly ) you have ask why I stay a bachelor ? there go the best reason I know ! dave ( puzzle ) huh ? reef I might have a son like that ! - - - ( revise - 11/14/58 ) 28. 76 two shot - at tabie as reef and Dave sit down . Dave shake he head , be - wilder . dave I do not get it . what 's with you two ? reef sip he coffee . reef I guess skipper neilsen be - tired before you enrol at the Academy , do not he ? dave I guess . reef ( sincerely ) one of the finest man , and officer , alive . a real hero - in the best sense of the word - in World War two . he teach we Engineering and Design . fought like a demon to develop atom sub . dave so ? reef ( bitterly ) so all of a sudden he only son drop out of school , be - gin make noise like a pacifist . a real egghead , do - gooder , and crackpot ! ' Ban the atom test ! junk the nuclear sub ! spend the mili- tary budgetfor peace ! ' dave ( soberly ) a lot of people think like that . ( continued ) - - - revised 5 - 26 -59 " atomic submarine " 29-38 76 ( continued ) reef ( earnestly ) but they be not skipper neilsen 's son ! ( sadly ) it break he heart . then when some newspaper call Carl ' the honest , sincere son of a war-mongering father ' - Captain neilsen resign from the navy . ( then ) oh , he still keep he hand in - play around with project like the ' lungfish ' - but it break he , all the same . dave ( broad-mindedly ) have you ever talk to Carl - try to see he side ? reef ( sarcastically ) ' his ' side ? I have see it , all right . a nice , bright yellow ! Dave look questioningly at reef . reef drink he coffee rapidly , then exit . CUT to : omit 77 78-92 - - - 39 . 93 int . torpedo room - day - trucking or panning - with reef as he enter , climb down the ladder to the torpedo room , start forward . 94 mo . full - escape hatch Chester and Powell be work on equipment for the little sub , which be store below the escape hatch and will be use to launch it from the belly of the Tiger shark . reef enter , address the crewmen . reef any of you man see Dr. neilsen ? Chester turn . chester he 's here , Sir . reef turn to the other man . reef tuttle , would you mind leave we alone for a minute ? Chester tuttle look at Powell , who shrug . chester sure , Mr. holloway . ( continued ) - - - 40 . 94 ( continued ) he and Powell go o.s. towards the man 's dining room . Carl , sense something , frown , move closer to reef . 95 two shot carl what be it ? reef ( contemptuously ) you ' out . ' ( as Carl look puzzle ) this come for you . ( indicate the radiogram ) carl my father ! he 's not - ? reef Dead ? ( he shake he head ) matter of fact , he 's much better . he 's leave the hospital . he hand the radiogram to Carl , who scan it eagerly , relax , vastly relieved . then he frown , puzzle . carl what do you mean : I be ' out ? ' reef you father can be in nome , Alaska , tomorrow . we have two choice : ask they to send he out in a ' copter ' , and take you off , or the shark can put back into nome ... now Carl react angrily , hotly , for the first time . carl you ' trade school boy ' be all alike , be not you ? anybody who do not happen to think like a little gold - braid puppet be , ipso facto , a coward ! reef ( angrily ) you say it . but I will not argue - ( continued ) - - - 41 . 95 ( continued ) carl wearing a uniform do not bestow a automatic monopoly on courage , Commander ! it just so happen I be not a coward - physical or mental - and before I would risk my father 's life ... reef ( interrupt ) we be all risk we life ! carl that may be . but dad stay where he be , and I be stay here ! reef ( study he ) you be really a mix - up oddball , be not you ? carl perhaps . but the idea of willingly go to school to spend my life at a paleozoic pastime that should have disappear with the thunder - lizard - I be refer to War - that strike I as the worst cowardice of all - be spiritually yellow ! reef ( sneering ) you mean nothing be worth fight for ? carl peace - the dignity of man - the destiny of the human spirit ! ( hotly ) show I a man who say you win that by fight war , and I will show you a idiot ! reef ( bitterly ) you may not win they . but without man like you father , to ' degrade ' himself by fight to preserve they - or as much as we have of they - they would have disappear , long ago ! Carl react to this . the shot , for the first time , have strike home . but then , just as he open he mouth to say something , there be a tremendous , rattling crash ... as if ( continued ) - - - 42 . 95 ( continued - 2 ) the Tiger shark have shattered a huge , infinite pane of glass under water . the scene jump . reef look around , terribly alarmed . reef what the - ? now there be the clanging of the gq alarm , and over it , wendover 's voice . wendover ( filter ) Mr. holloway to the con , please ! on the double ! 96 CUT to cover - dialogue above 97 pan with reef he run to the end of the torpedo room , begin scramble up the ladder . 98 int . control room - day - mo . full - toward instrument present besides the seamen be the skipper , Dave , Dr. Kent and Sir Ian . the scene be bedlam - the sonar be scream weirdly , the shatter crash be repeat over and over , and the scene jump wildly . Dave point at the view screen , yell : dave the instrument have all go crazy ! and look at the view screen ! the scientist peer over he shoulder , absorb : sir ian ( murmur ) incredible ! absolutely ! Kent 's jaw set tensely . 99 special effect shot - view screen and instrument this be a wild extravaganza . the radar pattern be jumble , overlaid with a half - dozen wave - form . the dial and light flicker and glow with utter insanity . and the view screen - it be a panoply of flash , comet - like streak , jag streak resembling lightning bolt , the while accompany by staccato crash , alarm bell , shatter bolt of thunder - like sound . - - - 43 . 100 shoot past they - at hatch as reef come scramble up into the con . reef ( shouting ) what hit we ??? sir ian ( drily ) the end of the world ! wendover spread he hand helplessly . Kent be still frown at the view screen . kent it do not seem possible , but - could it be a electrical storm center - ? sir ian ( incredulous ) under water ? kent High -intensity arc will burn , submerge . and million of volt ... discharge in random direction ... wendover ( to Dave ) be there any way out of it ? dave seem to be all around ... wendover ( grimly ) what about down ? dave ( surprised ) I ...do not know ! wendover turn to reef : wendover we be dead if we stay here , that 's for sure . ( bluntly ) take she down ! maximum angle , maxi- mum depth ! maybe even a little more ! ( continued ) - - - 44-45-46 100 ( continued ) reef aye , aye . he move to the helm , begin ad libbing direction to the helmsman . wendover display cross finger to Sir Ian , Kent and Dave . 101 special effect shot - TIGER shark ( this may also intercut earlier dialogue ) it seem to be buffete by a underwater storm . the scene be light by underwater lightning bolt , crash like explode skyrocket , the sub be toss about like a chip . finally , when it seem that nothing can survive the electrical barrage , we see the nose tilt down steeply , and the shark glide deeper and deeper into the depth . camera hold as it go below frame . down wipe to : 102 deeper angle - tilting down with sub - special effect shot as it nose deeper and deeper into the depth , the bolt of lightning seem to follow it down , probing after it . but at last , the bolt be leave behind , the turbulent water be calm , the crash noise subside . then we see that the sub be almost on the bottom . at last , it do touch and -- dissolve : 103 through ( omitted ) 107 108 int . ward room - night - group shot - about table - at dinner present be the skipper , Sir Ian , Dr. Kent , Carl and reef . they be just finish the meal . kent ( almost as if be - gin a lecture , he clear he throat ) Sir Ian have evolve a theory . at first , I be not about to buy it . ( continue ) ( continued ) - - - 47 . 108 ( continued ) kent ( cont would ) but , we have eliminate , one by one , every other logical explana - tion - the other turn eagerly to Sir Ian . sir ian it be rather fantastic - Sir Ian hesitates . then , from beside he chair , he pick up a large , roll chart . he unty the string bind it . sir ian here be a chart of the Arctic region . on it I have plotted every instance of this strange phenomenon - sinking , electrical storm , we own experience ... he unroll the chart on the table top . reef and wendover exchange a perplex look . then they get up , come around , peer down over Sir Ian 's shoulder at the chart . Sir Ian , with a pencil , gesture on the chart . 109 insert - closeup - the chart of the arctic and as Sir Ian 's pencil move , we see a circle of ' X 's ' about the North pole , equidistant from it , each mark with a date , and , in print too fine to be read , the circumstance . as he point to one , in the bering Straits ... sir ian o.s. here be where we encounter the electrical storm ... the sturgeon be lose just about this area . other ... here , here , and here ... 110 group shot as Sir Ian look up from the chart , demand : sir ian do you see it ? ( continued ) - - - 48 . 110 ( continued ) wendover see what ? sir ian the pattern . ( tapping the chart repeatedly ) each incident occur almost precisely a thousand statute mile from the pole . a line through the point of occurrence make almost a complete circle ... 111 insert - close shot - the chart as Sir Ian 's pencil follow he remark , trace this concentric circle about the polar region . sir ian o.s. ( continue ) ... about the North pole . 112 group shot reef frown , inquiry bluntly : reef which add up to what , Sir Ian ? sir ian ( significantly ) I can not accept the idea that this phenomenon be either random , or natural . ( a break ) I believe they be motivate by ... some sort of intelligence ! the other react , wendover and reef exchange a look , then wendover explode angrily : wendover you mean somebody have be - but Sir Ian interrupt he firmly : sir ian I do not mean to imply , nece - sarily , a ' human ' intelligence . ( continued ) - - - 49 . 112 ( continued ) carl ( earnestly ) then - what on earth kind of in - telligence be it , Sir Ian ? sir ian perhaps not ' on earth ' at all . perhaps it come from beyond the earth ! 113 reaction shot - member of the group - panning over face as they savor this alarming postulation . 114 two shot - reef and carl Carl look at he uncertainly . reef ask grimly : reef can anything be do about it ? 115 three shot - kent , wendover and sir ian Sir Ian look thoughtfully at the chart . sir ian I have be think about that . ( tapping the chart ) this appearance of ... whatever we be deal with ... make almost a complete ring around the pole . but there be what may be a signifi- cant gap , or break , in the ring ... 116 insert - closeup - the chart which center , now , on the region in question , which Sir Ian 's dialogue describe : sir ian o.s. ... right here ... the Queen Victoria Sea area , near franz Joseph land ... - - - 50 . 117 group shot as Sir Ian look up from the chart , but Captain wendover continue to study it absorbedly . sir ian ( continue ) ... above murmansk , and Finland . kent ( look at wendover ) suppose we theorize be correct ? then this could be the next danger point ! sir ian what if the Tiger shark be to anticipate a bit ? perhaps be lie there wait - ? wendover frown , intrigue by the possibility . Wen - dover beckon reef over to the chart : wendover we will chart a course straight across the pole - to bring we here - ( he look up into the tense face ) - the Queen Victoria Sea ! Sir Ian and Kent exchange a look . reef look at Carl , who frown tensely . dissolve to : 118 ( omitted ) - - - revised 5 - 26 -59 " atomic submarine " 51-52 119 insert - animated map of polar region and now the progress line of the Tiger shark 's voyage move directly across the pole . as it reach the pole , a sign pop in : JUNE 1 , 0730 narrator so - swiftly , implacably , the Tiger shark move across the top of the World towards she rendezvous with ... what ? dissolve to : 120 special effect shot - TIGER shark under the ice omit 121 122 123 int . control room - day - insert - close shot - polar chart as Dave 's hand point out they position , course , and destination . ( continued ) - - - revised 5 - 26 -59 " atomic submarine " 53-54 123 ( continued ) dave o.s. we have be head due south , 30 degree longitude . by my reckoning we be about ten angular second ... 124 group shot - dave reef wendover sir ian about Dave 's navigator position . dave ( continue ) ... short of the Arctic meridian , and that should be ... sir ian ( pick it up ) ... the critical point - if we be on the right track . wendover prepare to surface . we will run at flank speed . omit 125-128 129 special effect shot - TIGER shark underwater it pick up speed , rise towards the surface . dissolve to : 130 stock shot - bow of sub breaking surface omit 131 132 group shot - int . control room - at tv screen - dave , reef , operator , wendover , sir ian there be a shout from the operator at the tv screen . operator Mr. milburn - quick - look at this ! they all move quickly to the tv screen . - - - revsied 5 - 26 -59 " atomic submarine " 55 . 133 special effect shot - iceberg in water - on tv screen we see a giant iceberg in the water . 134 reaction shot - group 135 special effect shot - there p.o.v . - the iceberg - on tv screen now we see what appear to be a strange glow of energy in the water beneath it . the iceberg seem to creak and groan from internal pressure . 136 cut to cover - the cataclysm - special effect shot as the ball of energy seem to melt , rend and then literally explode the huge mass of ice . the iceberg disintegrate and great mass of ice rush away from the explosion center . 137 special effect shot - closer cut , the rushing ice - - - 56 . 138 int . control room - at tv screen as reef yell : reef skipper ! that chunks of ice - come right at we ! the skipper react , instantly yell : wendover dive ! dive ! 139 ( omitted ) 140 int . TIGER shark - stock shot - about boat during emergency dive procedure . the dive alarm be sounding . 141 reaction shot - passengers Carl , Sir Ian and Dr. Kent . 142 special effect shot - TIGER shark as it institute emergency dive , begin to move beneath the wave . this intercut with : 143 special effect shot - large chunk of ice it rush at express train speed directly toward Tiger shark . 144 int . control room - day - full shot the Captain , reef , and Dave and the crewmen work des - perately to get they sub into the safety of the depth . but now Dave , at the tv view screen , react in a frenzy to what he see : dave Captain ! come here ! but the Captain be too busy . - - - 57 . 145 special effect shot - underwater - ice and sub as the Tiger shark have almost make it to safety , the great bulk of rush ice lurch into frame , and just collide with the stern of the Tiger shark . there be a great clanging SHOCK and the Tiger shark stagger like a stricken fish , then quickly rights herself . but the screw slow down , then stop . 146 int . control room - day - full shot overlap action above , as the scene lurch , and the man strive to maintain they balance . Dave be still oblivious to everything except what he see on the screen . wendover ( snap , to reef ) determine extent of damage , immediately . reef ( grab a intercom phone ) after torpedo room : report ! griff voice ( over intercom ) this be griff , Captain . moderate leak in overhead plate . damage to main drive shaft housing . forced to stop reactor engine . reef we be dead in the water ! dave ( insistently ) skipper ! you have get to see this ! you too , Sir Ian ! wendover and Sir Ian exchange a look , then move over behind Dave , look over he shoulder , react in astonish - ment . wendover well , I will be - ! sir ian ( wryly ) I will be another ! - - - 58 . 147 special effect shot - on television screen on the screen be a great , oval - shape , glow ellipse - saucer -shape . it be perhaps three - hundred foot in diameter . on top be a great , blaze turret of light , remotely resembling a lighthouse beacon - seemingly the ' eye ' of the thing . beneath it be some sort of pro- tuberance , perhaps a landing or settling gear . while they watch , the disc begin to recede from they . 148 three shot - wendover , sir ian , dave and then reef join they . reef what be it ? and then he catch sight of the thing on the view - screen , frown tensely . 149 special effect shot - the tv screen and now the saucer grow smaller and smaller , until finally it be only a point of light . 150 group shot - up into face wendover ( snap ) course and speed ? dave ( adjust dial ) speed ... about twenty - two knot . course ... due north ! sir ian ( a thoughtful murmur ) directly towards the pole ! they look at he , try to fathom he thought . dissolve to : 151 int . crew dine room - day - group shot - about griff , chester , powell and carney griff , in he undershirt , cover with grease and dirt , have obviously be labor mightily at the damage . ( continued ) - - - 5 - 27 -59 " atomic submarine " 59 . 151 ( continued ) Powell and carney be get into full aqualung gear , include black rubber suit . griff look they over . griff okay - you two flounder look about set . ( he heft the air tank on Powell 's back and admonish ) and remember - this be not no swim pool - we need a damage report ! powell ( mutter ) see what I mean about volunteering - but before he can finish the sentence , griff pull the face mask down over he nose and mouth . Powell and carney exit toward the stern . 152 int . ward room - day - close shot - drawing of saucer - on table top with Sir Ian 's hand , hold a pencil , complete the sketch . sir ian o.s. ... a pure oval shape , with this cyclops - like eye , or turret , on top . I would estimate its diameter at 300 foot . no discernible ori- fice ... 153 group shot - about table - toward door this be a discussion group , or ' seminar ' - and in the group be Sir Ian , Carl , reef , Dave and wendover . Sir Ian lean back , hold the pencil , while he sketch be pass around from one to the next . with a faintly amused expression , Sir Ian murmur thoughtfully : sir ian ' the Eye of cyclops ..!' carl ( look up from the draw ) what do you say , Sir Ian ? ( continued ) - - - 60 . 153 ( continued ) sir ian just muse about we ' one - eye adversary ' and the legend of Homer . ( to the group ) ' cyclope ' be the son of Heaven , who forge the thunder - bolt throw by Zeus . wendover ( grimly ) we ' cyclops ' throw quite a thunderbolt , itself ! now Dr. Kent appear in the doorway , carry a well - fill briefcase , from which he have extract a manila folder . kent ( with satis - faction ) I know there be something familiar - he put down the briefcase , take a 8 x 10 photograph from the manila folder , then lay the folder aside . he toss the photograph on the table . kent take a look . they peer at it curiously , then someone lay Sir Ian 's sketch alongside it . 154 insert - closeup - the photo and sketch and we see that the object in the photo - a ' fly saucer ' - closely resemble the sketch . kent o.s. the picture be take by a amateur astronomer , over New Mexico . 155 group shot as all examine the photo , astonished . ( continued ) - - - 61 . 155 ( continued ) kent I have have it since I serve on the Air Force evaluation board , for ufo report . as Sir Ian look up inquiringly , Carl explain : carl unidentified Flying object . reef ( incredulously ) then ... this be a ' fly saucer ? ' kent that be the popular designation . carl ( curiously ) but ... be not all the sighting in the sky - not under water ? Sir Ian pick up the photo , study it as he reflect : sir ian this would explain why there be never any report of land - ing . it 's possible that who - ever - or whatever - inhabit the craft be not a land creature , but a form of marine life . dave ( a wry smile ) that would make we ' little green man ' actually ' little grean fish ' ??? reef ( shake he head , marvel ) undersea fly saucer ! 156 shoot past group - toward door as griff appear in it , dishevel as before , but with a look of satisfaction . he make a gesture of knock , say : ( continued ) - - - 62 . 156 ( continued ) griff Excuse I , skipper --- wendover yes , griff ? griff all internal repair complete , and frogmen report exterior damage minor . reef ( with eager satisfaction ) then we can get under way ? as griff nod , all look toward wendover for order . wendover ( snap at Dave ) you plotted the course of cyclops ? ( as Dave nod ) then that 's we course ! wherever he go , we go ..... until we get he ! sir ian ( a absent murmur ) or , perhaps , until he get we ? a look pass among they ; that possibility be by no mean remote . dissolve to : 157 insert - animated map of polar area with the Tiger shark course move back and forth , up and around , the pole . narrator so , the Tiger shark begin relentlessly stalking she space - enemy . up to the pole , back to the Arctic Circle ... again , and again ... a week ... a fortnight , a month .... dissolve to : - - - revised 5 - 26 -59 " atomic submarine " 63 . 158 special effect shot - the TIGER shark move implacably through undersea cavern , between hide mountain , under glacier , etc . ( omit semi-montage about Tiger shark ) . dissolve to : 159 insert - animated map of polar area and now the line for the voyage make up almost a star-design about the pole , up and back , to all quarter . over this scene : narrator never a glimpse of they enemy , but there be report ... new disaster , new ship and life lose . invariably , the Tiger shark make for the scene , only to arrive after cyclops have leave . for all its desperatian , the pursuit seem fruitless . 160 special effect shot - TIGER shark cruising through ice narrator then , on July 3 , Dr. Kent and Sir Ian hold a urgent discussion with reef and the skipper ... 161 int . ward room - night - close down shot - chart of voyage which appear like a great star - away from the pole , back to it - away - back , as in the animated chart earlier . now Kent 's voice , desperately urgent , come ( continued ) - - - 64 . 161 ( continued ) over , as he hand tap a pencil repeatedly directly on the pole . kent ( o.s. ) why do cyclops invariably return to the pole between attack - never two in succession . always away ... and back .... away .... and back .... 162 group shot - kent , reef , wendover and sir ian about the chart . sir ian we have ask ourselves that - over and over - a thousand time . wendover ( irritably ) but answer be what we need - not more question ! kent ( significantly ) we think maybe , now , we have they ! reef and wendover react . kent we take for grant he source of energy be nuclear . but suppose it be not at all - what if it 's magnetic ? sir ian we harness energy on a small scale by cut magnetic line of force . maybe cyclops do it on a super scale .... kent ( significantly again ) the North pole be the positive end of the biggest magnet of all - the Earth itself ! - - - 65 . 163 two shot - reef and wendover wendover consider this gravely as reef respond : reef what you be get at : you think we saucer - friend have to return to the pole , regularly to .... recharge he battery ? 164 two shot - sir ian and kent sir ian that may be over - simplify , but --- he do not finish the sentence , obviously imply that reef 's conclusion agree with they own . kent now : we present tactic be hopeless . but suppose we could place ourselves between cyclops and the pole .... 165 group shot as Sir Ian pick up Kent 's think : sir ian .... in such a way as to prevent he return to it and , as you put it .... ( a nod toward reef ) ...' recharging he battery ' ? kent if we be lucky enough to catch he with he power deplete .... wendover ( triumphantly ) .... we could polish he off with a atomic fish ! ( clap reef on the shoulder ) that 's it , reef ! we will wait until the next report of trouble . then we will lay on the bottom , right in he path , and bushwack he ! ( continued ) - - - 66 . 165 ( continued ) sir ian ( frown , puzzle ) ' bushwack ? ' reef ( a faint smile ) american tactical expression . and as reef and wendover exchange a look , we ... dissolve to : 166 special effect shot - TIGER shark cruise at slow speed under the ice . narrator so - a chance of tactic . now the Tiger shark cruise almost over the North pole , wait for the radio report that would put the plan into effect ... on July 13 , at 1600 hour , it come ! 167 int . ward room - day - mo . shot - reef drink coffee . behind he , now , we see Dave burst in excitedly from passage way . dave we get it , reef ! reef spring to he foot excitedly . reef cyclops ? dave sound like it ! distress call , from a small freighter , between ellesmere Island and Greenland . one mayday , then ... nothing . as reef move toward the door , he demand : reef where 's the skipper ? ( continued ) - - - 67 . 167 ( continued ) dave already in the con ! the two man exit . now camera roll in for closeup of carl , who , stand in the door , have overhear the conversation . dissolve to : 168 int . control room - night - group shot - wendover , dave , reef , kent and sir ian Dave be work over he navigation chart . the tension in the con be electric . Dave take a compass , swing a pair of arc on the chart , look up to announce : dave we be here ! wendover and the other cluster around . wendover you be sure ? Dave indicate on the chart . 169 insert - the polar chart with a distinct line draw from the report sink to the pole and another line ... the course of the Tiger shark , just now intercept it . dave ( o.s. ) here 's where cyclops knock off the freighter . here 's the way he have to head for home ... the pole. and ... ( indicate the intersection ) here we be ... right in he path ! 170 group shot wendover ( decisively ) all right , then we be for it , right here . sonar and tv , scan the bottom , find a nice spot for we to lie and wait for he -- maybe a cave , or a valley . ( continued ) - - - revised 5 - 26 -59 " atomic submarine " 68-69-70 170 ( continued ) wendover ( cont would ) ( to reef ) soon as we be on the bottom , go through the boat , batten down whatever make a noise , and turn off anything that hum or buzze . I want absolute silence ! they ad lib further command and movement about the con as we ... dissolve to : 171 special effect shot - the TIGER shark as she ease she way deep under the ice , sonar ping probing the way . at last , she ease down onto the bottom in a hallow , or undersea cave . the propeller be still , the ship lie silent , motionless , seemingly dead . dissolve to : omit 172 173 174 175 special effect shot - TIGER shark on bottom there be no sign of life whatever . ( continued ) - - - 71 . 175 ( continued ) narrator hour upon hour , the Tiger shark lay in its deep - six ambush ... the Arctic depth be as still and silent as a uninhabited world . then , at 0600 hour .... dissolve to : 176 int . control room - day - trucking and panning about the con we see Kent and Sir Ian , doze in they chair . wendover himself be nodd . now camera move to Dave , who yawn prodigiously , reach for he coffeecup , find to he dis - gust that it be empty . then , almost absent - mindedly , he glance teward the gauge and view -plate . he react . 177 insert - close up - meter which be label : radiation level . the needle - flicker , make a slight jump , then rise to a positive read . 178 close shot - dave he react , all attention now . he turn dial to get a bear on the source of radiation . then he swing around in he chair to the television monitor , move the dial to focus the tv camera in the direction of the radiation . 179 special effect shot - optical shot of tv screen and very faintly , in the extreme distance , we see a tiny speck of light grow slowly larger . 180 past dave - at other as Dave call in a sharp whisper : dave skipper ! Dr. Kent ! instantly , the man come alert , move over behind he . wendover what be it ? ( continued ) - - - 72 . 180 ( continued ) in answer , Dave point to the view screen . both man be - act , exchange a look . kent that 's he ! have to be ! dave ( check dial ) Range , about twenty - two mile . speed .... I give it fourteen knot . kent ( check in - strument ) his radiation level be very low ! ( to wendover ) that would confirm we theory - about have to return to the pole ! wendover ( grimly ) it better be correct ! ( to Dave ) get I a setup on the tdc - range , about seven mile ! 181 full shot - the control room as wendover move to the intercom , Dave go to work on the torpedo data computer . Sir Ian and Kent study the instrument . wendover ( into phone ) skipper to exec : Arm atomic warhead ! load 1 and 2 ... report to con pronto ! part of the above overlap follow : 182 int . torpedo room - day - group shot - reef , griff and detail as the voice come over the intercom , griff react , look at reef : ( continued ) - - - 73. 182 ( continued ) griff sound like we mean business ! reef do not deign to answer . he gesture to griff : reef griff , you arm no. 2 . I will handle no. 1. griff nod , move over to one of the panel board and start manipulate it . meantime , reef be do the same thing on another panel . 183 cut to cover - this action through 183-c 184 shoot over torpedo control panel - at reef , griff and detail as the arming be finish , and reef move from dial . reef load one and two . then open outer door ! ( grimly ) and stand by for action ! reef hurry to the far end of the torpedo room , and be - gin climb the ladder . he glance back to see that griff and another man be manipulate dial to open the inner tube door . dissolve to : 185 special effect shot - ext . of TIGER shark - close on torpedo tube as we see the outer door slowly lift , disclose the torpedo warhead inside . 186 int . control room - day - full shot - past dave in f.g. as Dave sing out : ( continued ) - - - 74 . 186 ( continued ) dave Range : now fifteen mile ! now reef climb up into the con , demand : reef you be sure it 's cyclops ? wendover ( gesture toward tv screen ) take a look . reef come over , stare , fascinate , down over Dave 's shoulder . 187 special effect shot - optical shot - view screen and now , in the tv screen , we can just make out the faint outline of the approach saucer - the oval shape , the glow turret - eye . o.s. , Dave now sing out : dave ( o.s. ) Range ...now 14.5 mile . 188 two shot - dave and reef as they look down anxiously at the screen . now there be a voice over the intercom : griff ( o.s. ) ( filter ) griff to skipper . tube one and two load . Outer door open . ready to fire . wendover ( o.s. ) ( obviously into phone ) stand by ! wipe to : 189 ( omitted ) - - - 75 . 190 special effect shot - the cyclop - moving toward camera through a undersea valley , the cyclops move silently , its glow eye probing ahead for possible danger . 191 special effect shot - the TIGER shark still lie silently , in wait . 192 special effect shot - cyclop - moving directly toward camera it be approach very near , now . 193 int . control room - day - trucking and panning - over face ending on Dave and reef . now Dave sing out : dave Range .... ten mile !! 194 special effect shot - over TIGER shark - at cyclop this be the first tie - in shot , show the relative posi - tion of the two craft . the cyclops should still be a considerable distance away - merely a glow spot in the water . 195 int . torpedo room - day - panning over tense face of torpedo detail - ending on griff griff stand near the fire button for tube one and two - clearly label . the tension be building . 196 int . control room - day - close shot - view screen - special effect shot and on it , we see that Dave have adjust cross-hair for the target Zero . the saucer move across the view screen , toward the target Zero . dave ( o.s. ) Range ... eight mile .... Seven and three - quarter ..... - - - 76 . 197 special effect shot - cyclop it loom huge and awesome in camera , now , sweep by and above camera and o.s . there be a awful rushing SOUND as it sweep overhead . 198 int . control room - day - shoot past dave and reef - at other as Dave sing out : dave Zero minus ten .... nine .... 199 special effect shot - optical shot - view screen the cyclops approach closer and closer to the 'x . ' dave ( o.s. ) .... eight ...seven .....six .... five .... 200 int . control room - day - shoot past dave and reef - at other dave ....four .... three ....two .... 201 special effect shot - optical shot - view screen and now the cyclops move directly into the cross of the 'x . ' dave ( o.s. ) ....one .... target ..... 202 int . control room - day - shoot past dave and reef - at group dave ( excitedly ) Zero ! wendover ( bark into intercom ) Fire number one ! - - - 77 . 203 int . torpedo room - day - mo . shot - griff and other as griff move swiftly , press the fire lever , then bark into intercom : griff number one fire ! 204 special effect shot - close on torpedo tube as the first torpedo burst out and speed away toward target . 205 int . control room - day - group shot wendover ( into intercom ) Fire number two ! 206 int . torpedo room - day - mo . shot - griff and other griff fire number two , then report : griff number two fire ! 207 special effect shot - close on torpedo tube as the second torpedo shoot from its tube after the first . 208 special effect shot - tying TIGER shark and cyclop and now we see the two torpedo , execute a great curving arc , ' home ' on they target . they be still a considerable distance from it . 209 special effect shot - close on two torpedos as they whoosh by camera , speed toward they target . 210 int . control room - day - tight shot - about dave and wendover wendover check he watch , demand of reef : ( continued ) - - - 78 . 210 ( continued ) wendover what 's the run time ? reef ( check tdc ) thirty - four second ! all wait , tense , breathless , expectant . 211 reaction shot - about sub ( a ) control room ( B ) torpedo room ( C ) crew quarter Carl , the crew , griff and other , all silently count the second . 212 special effect shot - the saucer now the luminous eye seem to turn to observe the ap - proaching menace . there be a throbbing buzz as of a energy discharge , and then the first torpedo come in scene , seem to swerve to avoid the cyclops , go plunging on past it and o.s. 213 int . control room - day - shoot past dave - at view plate - at other as Dave , agony and disappointment in he tone , call : dave number one ... miss ! there be a ad lib response of shock . then wendover complain to reef : wendover how could it ? we be dead on target , with a home torpedo ! 214 special effect shot - the saucer - close now , from some vent within the vehicle , a cloud of radi- ant , luminescent ' jelly ' seem to stream out , envelop it in a protective cloud . just as the cloud be well - form about the saucer , obscure its outline ... 215 special effect shot - close on second torpedo it plunge through scene and off towards the saucer . - - - 79 . 216 special effect shot - at saucer as the second torpedo burrow into the protective cloud , more and more slowly , probing vainly toward the still - visible ' eye . ' then ... 217 special effect shot - close on torpedo as it bury itself in the mass of luminescent jelly . the propeller thrash madly , ineffectually . then , gradually , they slow down , and the torpedo be completely surround by the mysterious mass . 218 int . control room - day - special effect shot - insert - the tv screen - optical shot and overlapping action above , we see the torpedo slow down and stop , bury in the mass surround the saucer . dave ( o.s. ) skipper - look at this ! 219 tight group shot - low angle - up into face as reef , wendover , Kent and Sir Ian cluster tightly about Dave . Carl enter from the hatch , join they . dave ( point ) a mass of jelly - like stuff come out of the thing , and catch we torpedo ! wendover ( exclaim ) what ??? Kent frown , point . kent it must function like a de - gauss field . ( dubiously ) we will never get a torpedo through that ! now wendover 's jaw set grimly . wendover maybe not a torpedo ... they look at he as he move o.s. to the intercom . - - - 80 . 220 close shot - wendover as he bark into the intercom : wendover this be the Captain : blow bow tank . reactor room , stand by : soon as we be off the bottom , I want all ahead , flank speed , pronto ! 221 full shot - the control room as Dave ask alertly : dave what course , skipper ? wendover ( with grim purpose ) right at we one - eye friend ! there be ad lib surprised exclamation from all . reef be incredulous : reef right at he ? wendover that 's what I say ! reef but - what can we accomplish ? wendover we can ram he ! the other exchange quick , frighten look . Dave be incredulous . Carl move over to wendover , admonish quietly : carl you have weigh the consequence , Captain - the life involved ? reef glare at he . wendover Doctor -- I have weigh the life cyclops have take , already ... and will take , in the future , unless we can stop he , now ! ( continued ) - - - 81 . 221 ( continued ) carl we might find other mean ... wendover what other mean ? if the Tiger shark can not destroy he , no power on Earth can ! now brave yourselves ! Carl subside , catch reef 's eye , look away . 222 reaction shot - the men 223 insert - hand pulling control lever this intercut with face , above . 224 special effect shot - the TIGER shark - on bottom now it begin to rise slowly from its bed in the depth . Water pour from the ballast tank . then , with the boat float free in the water ... 225 special effect shot - close shot - screws as they begin to churn , pick up speed , then , finally , churn the water into a foamy wake . 226 special effect shot - the TIGER shark like a great , predatory fish , it rise from the bottom , move more and more swiftly . it make a great climb turn directly toward camera , then go overhead and out , speed toward the saucer . 227 int . control room - day - reaction shot - principal they be all brace against the impending crash . 228 close shot - wendover as he speak into the intercom . wendover this be the Captain ! all crew member take collision station ! - - - 82. 229 ( omitted ) 230 int . forward torpedo room - day - mo . full shot as griff ad lib order for the man to lie in they bunk , brace themselves against structural member , etc . 231 special effect shot - TIGER shark it have climb to a level with the saucer , now level off . it be pick up speed . 232 int . control room - day - close shot - dave he adjust the tv view screen , tense for the shock . reef appear just behind he . they exchange a grim look , then eye the screen , fascinate . 233 special effect shot - optical shot - the tv screen now we see the saucer loom up hugely , directly ahead . 234 close three shot - wendover , kent and sir ian as we hear Dave 's voice : dave ( o.s. ) stand by -- five second ... four ... three ...two ... 235 special effect shot - saucer and TIGER shark as they meet . the Tiger shark plow into the protective jelly , which slow but cannot stop the juggernaut . 236 closer cut - TIGER shark plow into the protective jelly . 237 full shot - the crash as the Tiger shark , unstoppable , plow inexorably through the protective coating , slam against the saucer itself , ( continued ) - - - 83. 237 ( continued ) then bury its bow deep within the cyclops - like a har - poon drive into a huge creature of the depth . perhaps a third of the shark 's length be drive deep into the saucer . tremendous rending , tearing noise accompany the crash , after which ... complete , eerie silence . 238 closer cut - the crash as the bow rend the outer envelope of the saucer , the screw of the Tiger shark churn powerfully against the restrain jelly ... then a close shot of the cyclops ' ' eye ' show the glow diminish . 239 int . control room - day - special effect shot - over dave' shoulder - at tv screen and we see the situation , that the nose of the shark be bury deep within the saucer . dave ( triumphantly ) we get he , skipper - drive right into he ! 240 group shot - about dave - up into face as wendover manage a grim , satisfied smile . Kent and Sir Ian eagerly check the view plate , and the gauge . reef spear he like a fish ! wendover move to the intercom , announce : wendover this be the skipper ! we do it , man ! drive right through the saucer 's hide ! 241 reaction shot - about the sub ( a ) control room ( B ) torpedo room ( C ) crew's quarter as the man cheer . - - - 84 . 242 int . control room - day - full shot wendover ( smile ) we would better wiggle loose . ( speak into intercom ) reactor room : I want all be - verse , full ! 243 special effect shot - TIGER shark and cyclop jamme together , they be sink slowly in the water . 244 closer shot - the propellers overcome the initial resistance of the jelly , they begin slowly turn . 245 full shot - TIGER shark and cyclop it be obvious , now , that they be head for the bottom . 246 int . control room - day - full shot the room seem to vibrate as the mighty atomic reactor turbine exert full power on the propeller . then reef shake he head , discourage . reef we be stick tight ! dave ( alarmed ) skipper ! look at the depth gauge ! wendover come over , peer over Dave 's shoulder . - - - 85 . 247 insert - close up - depth gauge the dial move rapidly . now it be at 175 fathom , rapid - ly move to 180 . 248 past dave and wendover - at other as wendover , momentarily puzzle , remark : wendover a hundred and eighty fathom ! we can not be sink that fast .... reef ( come over ) it 's the screw , skipper . ( gesture to explain ) at we declination angle , run in reverse , they be pull the shark and cyclops right to the bottom . wendover ( frown at gauge ) and we be at safe maximum depth already .... ( then bark and order ) stop engine ! reef repeat the command into the intercom : reef stop engine ! 249 special effect shot - cyclop and shark sink through the water , pull lower and lower by the shark 's engine . now the propeller stop . the two craft still continue sink , but more slowly now . slow dissolve to : 250 insert - wendover's hand writing in log as the hand record : JULY 15 , 10:00 hour . now lying on bottom , locked to cyclop , 200 fathom . ( continued ) - - - 86 . 250 ( continued ) narrator hour later , the two titantic craft be still lock to - gether in a apparent death grip ... dissolve to : 251 special effect shot - TIGER shark and cyclop lie on the ocean bottom , still with the shark jamme into the saucer . narrator ( continue ) ...on the bottom of the Arctic Ocean , nearly twelve hundred foot below the surface ! dissolve to : 252 int . ward room - day - group shot - about table present be wendover , Carl , reef , Kent , Sir Ian and Dave . this be a grim , hopeless conclave . the silence , except for a faint trickle of water somewhere , be complete , eerie , ghastly . face be bath in tense perspiration . wendover shake he head . wendover if anyone have any more idea ... I will try anything , before just lie here , wait to die ! now reef explain a idea he have be toy with : reef suppose there 's a atmosphere , of some kind , inside cyclops ? wendover ( blankly ) what ? reef ( to the group ) if we could get inside the saucer - use we torch - maybe we could cut the shark loose ? ( continued ) - - - 87 . 252 ( continued ) sir ian that 's all very fine , young man . but how would one go about get - ting inside cyclops ? reef take a deep breath , throw a glance at Carl , then say : reef through the eye - with the depth - explorer ! Carl seize this eagerly . carl yes - the explorer be build to operate at even great depth -- wendover ( disturb ) but suppose there be not a atmos - phere inside the saucer ? reef ( bluntly ) then the idea 's no good . but we be no worse off than we be right now . Dave pick this up eagerly . dave you have get to let we try , skipper -- reef ( startle ) ' we ? ' dave ( ignore he ) reef and I can take the explorer down , clamp it around the eye , and --- carl ( firmly ) no , you can not . but I can -- ( to reef ) I can deliver you to the eye . then you -- ( continued ) - - - 87 - a 252 ( continued - 2 ) reef ( sneeringly ) Little out of you line , be not it ? you better stay aboard and make a speech -- maybe get them to ban fly saucer ! Carl bridle angrily . carl that 's enough , holloway . I have tell you before , wear board on you shoulder , and parade with a stiff spine do not auto - matically endow you with back - bone - ! reef - any more than be the son of Captain neilsen do ! wendover be watch this exchange with grow dis - pleasure . carl however we idea disagree , as I have say before , I be not a coward ! and it happen you have get no choice : either I take you down there , in the lungfish , or you do not get there - reef ( bitterly ) I would sooner swim ! wendover ( snap ) that 's enough , reef ! both of you ! ( to reef ) it so happen Dr. neilsen 's right . the odd be long enough , without make they longer . ( he turn to Carl ) get the explorer in the airlock , ready for launching . ( continued ) - - - 88. 252 ( continued - 3 ) Carl nod . throw a final look at reef , he go to the passage way , climb down . wendover turn back to reef , suggest : wendover you better take Powell and carney with you -- dave the frogmen ? wendover with they underwater experience , they will be invaluable . take sidearm , and flare pistol -- dave ( puzzle ) sidearm ? but the saucer 's dead . wendover ( hold up cross finger ) we hope ! wendover hold out he hand , shake both theirs . reef turn to Dave . reef let 's get ready . they head for the passage way and exit . wendover look at Sir Ian and Kent , shake he head solemnly . dissolve to : - - - 89 . 253 int . torpedo room - day - full shot - at airlock we see the single hatch open , in which the depth explorer have be mount . Carl , in a jumper and helmet , wait by the step with Powell and carney , dress in they rubber suit , with helmet and face plate . they carry breathe apparatus . behind they , Dave and reef appear , dress similarly , carry they equipment - portable torch , a bag of tool , sidearm , flare pistol , and ... in Dave 's case ... a machine pistol ( burp gun ) . over this : narrator prepations consume only a hour . at 1100 , everything be ready for this last , desperate attempt . now the four man join Carl at the airlock . Carl be tense , tight - lipped . reef frown , concerned . reef there 's still time . you could show I how ...? Carl shake he head firmly , gesture toward the hatch . carl get in . 254 CUT to cover the action of the five man climb down hatch ( into explorer ) . when all be inside , griff step forward , close the hatch . then he close the airlock , and go to intercom . 255 int . control room - day - group shot - wendover , kent , sir ian and now griff 's voice come over the intercom : ( continued ) - - - 90 . 255 ( continued ) griff ( o.s. ) ( filter ) ready to open airlock door , Captain ! wendover glance once at Kent and Sir Ian . then he move to the mike . wendover ( into mike ) go ahead , griff ! 256 special effect shot - belly of TIGER shark now we see the lock door slide open . a moment later , the depth - explorer move out through the open , like a animal be bear . it hover for a moment , just below the shark . then it maneuver o.s. towards the cyclops . 257 int . depth-explorer - day - tight - ( and we mean tight ) group shot Carl operate the control . the five man be wedge in shoulder to shoulder . reef make a gesture of direc - tion . Carl nod , comply . 258 special effect shot - the cyclop now the depth - explorer move into frame , drift directly toward the great ' eye ' - which still have a faint glow . 259 close shot - at cyclop ' eye - special effect shot the depth - explorer move up with its hatch clamp magnetically , directly over the eye . 260 int . depth-explorer as Dave turn to reef . dave now what ? ( continued ) - - - revised 5 - 28 -59 " atomic submarine " 91 . 260 ( continued ) reef ( look at other , he glance linger on Carl ) now what - shall we take a chance ? carl ( solemnly ) that 's why we come . reef nod . reef all right . ( then ) better breathe oxygen , just in case . the other all apply oxygen tube to they mouth , go down hatch , reef pick up a large tool like a wreck bar . 260a under hatch reef and Dave come down hatch into scene . we see the iris and reef go to work on it with the tool . wipe to : 261 insert - close up - fitting of eye as reef 's tool batter at it . suddenly , it give away . 262 shoot at eye as , suddenly , it seem to OPEN , like a camera Iris , leave a circular open , big enough to crawl through . 262a reaction - dave & reef now reef sniff at the atmosphere that pour in from the saucer . surprise , enthuse , he remove he oxygen tube , breathes deeply . ( continued ) - - - revised 5 - 28 -59 " atomic submarine " 92-93 262a ( continued ) reef Air ! pure air ! under high pressure ! dave that 's a relief ! 262b int . of depth explorer powell what happen now , sir ? 262c under hatch reef think a moment , then decide . reef you all wait here . I be go inside , take a look . dave ( insistently ) not alone , you be not ! the man ad lib ( no ) ! reef frown at they , then grin gratefully , squeeze Dave 's arm , and move toward the open eye . 262d int . of depth explorer carl good luck , man ! 262e under hatch reef smile , begin crawl through the eye and into the saucer , follow by the other . omit 263 to 266 267 int . short ramp section - day - shoot toward open above overlapping action as the four man crawl down through the hole into this section of the ramp of the saucer . 0 MIT 267a 267b - - - revised 5 - 26 -59 " atomic submarine " 94 267c ramp section - trucking shot - four men - against black reef gesture , lead the way down the ramp . Dave be at he elbow , the two frogmen just behind they . they light torch or flashlight . omit 267d 267e 267f four men - chamber section they come down ramp section to chamber , stop , and look off screen . 268 from there p.o.v . - toward wound made by TIGER shark and we see the bow of the submarine extend into the chamber . but , strangely , there be not a drop of water , not a break in the surround wall . 268a four men dave ( point ) how about that ! the bow drive half through she , but she seal herself right up . reef ( excitedly ) what 's more important - there 's we problem . ( point ) the bow ram - the sawteeth be hold the shark in the break . if we can cut the ram , the shark can pull herself loose ! dave ( enthuse ) I think you be right . reef ( to Powell ) go back and tell Dr. neilsen . have he report to the skipper . ( continued ) - - - 95 . 268 ( continued ) Powell nod , retreat . the other unsling they equip - ment . reef now let 's get to work . they light the torch , and advance on the protrude bow of the sub ( o.s. ) . 269 insert - close up - the torch as they begin bite into the metal of the submarine ram . wipe to : 260 int . depth-explorer - day - carl and powell Carl have the radio mike in he hand and call : carl depth - explorer to Tiger shark . do you read ? over . 271 int . control room - day - tight three shot - wendover , kent and sir ian the skipper himself wear the headphone . he cry ex - citedly into the radio mike : wendover we read you ! go ahead , Doctor ! ( then , as he listen eagerly , repeat ) they be inside the saucer . it 's fill with breathable air ! kent wonderful ! wendover ( listen , then enthusiastic ) that 's wonderful , Carl ! ( to other ) reef think they can clear the shark bow so we can pull ourself loose ! ( continued ) - - - 96 . 271 ( continued ) sir ian ( ever the scientist ) what be it like , inside cyclops ? this be a priceless opportunity for .... but wendover ignore this , admonish : wendover tell reef : be sure you be all clear before we make a move ! good ! he take off the headphone , beam at the other man . wendover maybe we will come out of this yet ! 272 full shot - the con and now griff , operate the navigation equipment , frown , perplex , then call : griff skipper - could you take a look here ...? wendover something wrong ? griff the inertial navigation system . must have be knock out in the crash . wendover why do you say that ? griff we be dead in the water . but it indicate we be move ! wendover what ???? Sir Ian and Kent exchange a look , come over and join they . sir ian but that 's impossible ! ( continued ) - - - revised 5 - 26 -59 " atomic submarine " 97 272 ( continued ) now Kent notice something . he point : kent the radiation level - from the saucer - it 's rise ! sir ian ( suddenly fearful , to wendover ) what direction do the system indicate ? wendover ( suddenly grim ) due north . at five knot ... no , six ! sir ian ( grave , thoughtful ) toward the pole ! griff ( demand ) but - that cyclops be dead ! we kill it ... do not we ? ( as they look away ) do not we ? dissolve to : 273 special effect shot - TIGER shark and cyclop with depth - explorer still clamp to the eye . now we see , definitely , that the two craft , lock together , be indeed move , slowly but perceptibly , along the ocean floor . 274 int . chamber section of saucer - day - closeup - face of reef , dave , powell , carney weirdly light in the glow of the torch . 274a omit - - - revised 5 - 26 -59 " atomic submarine " 97 - a omit 274b 274c 274d close shot - reef as he work , a weird SOUND oscillation - vary wildly in pitch - sweep over scene . reef react , startle . the SOUND come again , and reef turn , call sharply : reef Dave ? 274e pan shot - with dave as he detach himself from the frogmen , move into two shot with reef . dave yeah ? reef listen ! ( the SOUND come again ) hear that ? Dave have not react at all . he look peculiarly at reef . ( continued ) - - - revised 5 - 26 -59 " atomic submarine " 97 - B 274e ( continued ) dave I do not hear anything . ( he look at reef , concerned ) maybe you have be down here too long . why do not you go back up and - reef strange you do not hear it . omit 274f 275 close shot - the torch bite deeply into the steel of the ram . now camera tilt down slowly , and as it be move we ... down wipe to : 276 int . globe - day - special effect shot though we see nothing of its construction at this point . 276a insert - close shot - probing spine - trick shot ( special effect ) the black , catfish - or- sea urchin-like spine seem to rise from limp supineness . they stiffen , grope like finger , move towards a series of grommet - like opening in the translucent wall of the sphere . now a spine near a grommet , slip into it , apparently make ' contact ' , for somewhere , a faint light come on , and the scene become lighter . in a moment , another spine slip into another grommet-hole . - - - 98 . 277 int . chamber section - day - mo . shot - a light to a accompany tympany beat , a light spot , appear . a moment later , another drum beat , another light spot . ( note : this business may continue behind subsequent dialogue - more beat , more light come on ) 278 close group - the working party - about ram of TIGER shark as reef continue work with the torch . Dave push up he goggle , react , surprised . he tap reef on the shoulder . dave hey - you know something ' ? it 's get lighter in here ! reef ( a similar be - action ) you know - it be ? now they give a sudden lurch . Dave look down at he foot , then into reef 's face . dave and if I do not know better - I would swear we be move ! reef let 's get back to work , and maybe we will be , soon . 279 int . depth-explorer - day - close shot - carl talking into mike he look about , worriedly . carl ( into mike ) ... I get a impression of move - ment , Captain . be that possible ? voice of wendover ( through phone ) we have the same reaction , up here . ( continued ) - - - 99 . 279 ( continued ) carl ( very worried ) but --- 280 int . control room - day - group shot - as before as the skipper turn to the scientist . wendover now they feel it ... down below . kent ( frown at gauge ) Radiation level ... constantly rise ... sir ian ( murmur think - fully ) as we near the pole ... kent ( sharply ) there 's get to be a explanation ! sir ian ( mildly ) there be . ( as they study he ) I believe we friend ... cyclops ... be return to life ! a grim reaction , all around . 281 int . globe - day - mo . shot - trick shot - the finger ( special effect ) as , now , the last of they contact they proper control point , and a complete circuit of light flash on . the light intensity rise . 282 int . chamber section - day - group shot - the men work on the ram . now , with a final cut with the torch , there be a clang , a ringing SOUND , and then the ram drop free . ( continued ) - - - 100 . 282 ( continued ) reef ( with satisfaction ) that do it ! I think the shark can pull clear ! now , we hear a weird , mechanical voice : saucer-voice Commander holloway ! listen ! reef react . reef you hear that ? dave ( look blank ) the sound again ? now the voice repeat : saucer-voice Commander holloway . make no resistance . reef ( nervously ) a voice , this time . it speak my name ! reef draw he gun and Dave raise he machine gun . 283 ( omitted ) 284 mo . group shot and now the voice come from another quarter : saucer-voice you will see that avail nothing ! reef look around , startle . 285 pan shot - with powell his nerve be go . he edge away from the group , then turn to bolt out of scene , head for the depth - explorer . but just as he take he first step ... - - - revised 5 - 26 -59 " atomic submarine " 101 286 pan with powell as he stumble through the darkness . 286a flash of light a flash of light come down at Powell from somewhere . 287 closeup - powell the light envelop he , and he cringe . powell carney - help ! 287a three shot - carney dave reef reacting to Powell 's cry . reef carney , see what 's happen to Powell . carney move o.s. 287b closeup - powell - makeup shot we see the horrible effect of the light on he face . 287c trick effect - powell shrivelled - production shot Powell be shrivel by the light . the last thing we see of he be ... 287d trick effect - powell be hand - special effect shot they disintegrate to jelly , and Powell be completely go . 288 panning with carney as he reach the spot where Powell be kill . he react , horrify . 288a panning with carney as he move away hurriedly . 288b panning with carney as he turn , from the blackness , a burst of steam issue forth into he face . 288c closeup - carney he scream as the steam envelop he and sink out of scene . - - - revised 5 - 26 -59 " atomic submarine " 101 - a 288-d trick shot - carney - special effect shot as carney 's body disintegrate into the ground . 288-e two shot - dave reef unaware of Powell and carney 's fate . dave where do you think the voice you hear be come from ? reef ( point farther down the ramp ) somewhere down there ? dave wonder where Powell and carney be ? reef we will have to look for they later . they move on . 289 through Iris down ramp to floor - black backing - day - pan shot - dave and reef they continue down ramp . reef look expectantly at Dave . reef well ? dave I be with you ! - - - 101 - B 290 floor - black backing - day - up shot - reef and dave they come clamber down the ramp , reach the platform level . then , awed , they look around they . 291 EST . shot on floor ( platform ) - cavernous interior - back at tiny men on platform - matte shot we see a long , slender bridge , or catwalk , extend out into space , apparently reach toward a great , opalescent sphere that seem to hang suspend on cushion point , some sort of shock - absorb system , in the very center of the saucer . a weird glow , seem - ing to become ever brighter , emanate from inside this sphere . 292 two shot - dave and reef awed , round -ey , silent , they stare open - mouth at the sight . but before they can make any comment ... saucer voice remove you weapon , Commander . and come here - alone ! reef come where ? Dave look at he peculiarly . dave the voice again ? but reef be too intent on the voice . now he begin dis - arming as Dave look incredulous . dave what be you do ? 293 matte shot - from there p.o.v . - toward globe now , at the very tip of the spine-bridge , a Iris open appear in the side of the sphere . saucer voice ( now seem to come from this open ) to I - here ! - - - 102 . 294 two shot - reef and dave reef have a distant look as he hand he weapon to Dave . reef here - keep this . ( then ) it want I to come alone . dave ( flaring ) oh it do ??? reef move o.s. toward the bridge . Dave wait , very unwillingly . 295 int . section of bridge - leading to sphere - day - reef - onto black he inch he way tortuously across the slender support , toward the iris open . 296 matte shot - behind reef - toward sphere he crawl cautiously towards the open . 296a int . platform - black backing - day - close shot - dave angry , impatient , he set reef 's weapon down . then he clutches he submachine gun , watch reef o.s. 297 int . sphere - day - mo . shot - from inside - Iris open now reef appear , crawl cautiously up into the open , then stand , look inside . his eye nearly start from he head as he take in the incredible sight . 298 trick shot - from reef' p.o.v . - interior of sphere - special effect shot his eye range over the ceiling of the glove , then as he shift he gaze to the bottom of the sphere , we see ' it ' - a horrendous organism , like a giant sea urchin , the long , black , writhe spine now all in proper contact ( continued ) - - - 103 . 298 ( continued ) with they grommet - socket . and out of the center of the pulsate central ' body ' rise a long stalk , and on the very tip of it a great , glow 'eye . ' the setup be like a monstrous rendering of the eye of a snail . 299 matte shot - up past ' eye ' at reef in Iris so he appear a tiny , miniature man compare to the cavernous size of the sphere . and now , apparently from the ' eye ' itself , which seem to flicker and glow like a electron beam spectrometer , come the saucer-voice again : saucer voice so , Commander holloway - as you Earth inhabitant would express it - we meet ' face to face . ' 300 close shot - reef as he say with sardonic inflection : reef that 's a face ??? saucer voice Point of view be everything . to we , you form of life be ugly as we appear to you . reef tell I something : why can I hear you , when the other could not ? 300a from reef' p.o.v . - the eye saucer voice you do not ' hear ' I ! we in - dividual brain frequency be now attune , and we exchange wave - thought . reef o.s. you mean ' extra sensory per - ception ? ' ( continued ) - - - 104 . 300a ( continued ) saucer voice whatever you ' earth - term ' may be . the principal be ancient , and very simple . 300b close shot - reef listen . saucer voice it be not necessary for you to speak . you ' think - response ' will suffice . ( note : from here on , in speech with the saucer , reef 's lip do not move - he response , except to Dave , be all ' voice over ' ) 300c int . section of bridge - day - down shot - panning with dave he can not contain himself any longer , be now crawl out onto the bridge , toward reef ; cradling the sub - machine gun on he forearm as he go . 300d int . sphere - day - matte shot - up past ' eye ' - at reef in Iris the conversation continue : saucer voice my mission be to study various solar system , and planet - select the most suitable for colonization - reef - for horror like yourself ? saucer of course . it may interest you to know I have visit hundred of other world , and of all of they , you Earth seem most suit - able . ( continued ) - - - 105 . 300d ( continued ) reef ( drily ) swell ! saucer voice ( sternly ) you friend be to remain where he be ! 300e close shot - reef he look a bit bewilder : reef he do ! saucer voice I be afraid not . therefore - now , to reef 's consternation , Dave suddenly appear be - side he : reef ( to Dave , lip sync ) Dave - ! dave ( grimly ) what 's goin ' on in here , lad ? what - ? then , Dave 's mouth drop open , and he stare , incredulous . 300f matte shot - as before - dave' p.o.v . - the creature saucer voice ( warningly ) stand away from he , Commander ! 300g two shot - dave and reef as Dave , before reef can stop he , step forward belligerently , level and submachine gun down at the creature . dave ( menacingly ) so this be ' headquarters , ' huh ? well , you have sink you last ship , you .... and he loose a burst with the sub-machine gun , so that we do not hear the appropriate name . - - - revised 5 - 26 -59 " atomic submarine " 105 - a 300h special effect shot - dave - production shot with a boom of tympany , a light strike Dave , and suddenly he be melt , shrivel to nothingness . the machine gun fall o.s. 300i CUT to cover - this action 300j close shot - reef as he look on , shocked , sober , shake . then , in he think -voice , he ask slowly : reef why not I ? what be I - the close act ? saucer voice on the contrary . I want you - unharme - perfect . reef why ? saucer voice I have select you , to return with I - along with several other specimen , for study . we will examine you and the other , discover desirable feature to incorporate in we ' earth -colonizer . ' 301 matte shot - reef' p.o.v . - the organism reef o.s. then you just ...' build they in ?' saucer voice of course . evolution be much too slow a process . ( continued ) - - - 106 . 301 ( continued ) saucer voice on earth you build with inanimate material . we employ live tissue . this space vehicle , for example ... 302 CUT to cover 303 mo . close shot - reef awed , frighten , he look about he at the construction of the chamber in which he be stand . saucer voice it be a live thing . when damage - you would say ' wounded ' - it immediately ' heal ' itself . reef ( understanding ) that 's why no water leak inside when we ram you ? saucer voice of course . but it be time to be - gin the return voyage -- 304 close shot - reef' hand and we see it creep up under he coat , grab the very pistol . 305 mo . close shot - reef as he say grimly , threateningly : reef to navigate , will not you have to ... see you way ? saucer voice obviously . reef that might be a little rough ! and reef raise the very pistol , fire . - - - 107 . 306 special effect shot - the ' eye ' of the organism as the flare strike it and burst . there be a scream , a unearthly , shatter wail from the organism itself . 307 special effect shot - close on ' eye ' as the flare burn a hole in the iris , and the water , or whatever it contain , seem to drain from it , like a plastic bag when it be tear . 308 close shot - reef he react quickly , astonished at the effect of he shot . but then he waste no time - turn and scramble back out . scream of pain from the creature follow he . 309 int . section of bridge - day - fast pan - with reef heedless of the danger of fall , he scramble madly back across the bridge . beam of the death -deal light just miss he as he go , and scream from the wounded creature shatter the cavernous silence . 310 ( omitted ) 310a panning with reef he reach the platform , race madly for the ramp . beam of light again just miss he . 310b panning with reef - up ramp and suddenly , as he reach the iris , he yell with pain , he foot catch in the iris . - - - revised 5 - 26 -59 " atomic submarine " 107-a - B 310-c insert - closeup - reef' foot as he pull he foot clear . omit 310d 311 311-a panning with reef as he run through the darkness . 311-b panning with reef as a beam of light just miss he . 311-c closeup - steam as steam come out of the darkness at he . 311-d panning with reef as he run by , the steam just miss he . 311-e close pan - reef as he race for the iris at the end of the ramp . 312 int . depth-explorer - day - at hatch window - over carl shoulder Carl react as the iris begin close . quickly , he grab a crowbar , or other prop , wedge it into the iris , hold it open momentarily . a moment later , reef literally hurl himself into the little sub , slam the hatch behind he , and exclaim : reef back to the shark - right now ! Carl do not hesitate , begin work the control . carl what about Dave - and the other ? - - - 108 . 312 ( continued ) reef ( grimly ) ' fortune of War ! ' Carl frown . now reef grasp the radio microphone , say quickly : reef ( into mike ) this be reef , skipper -- in the depth - explorer . do not wait for we - start engine , and pull loose ! 313 int . control room - day - full shot - the room as wendover nod , respond to the radio message . wendover all right , reef . he turn to the intercom , order : wendover reactor room ! this be the skipper ! I want all reverse full - emergency power ! 314 special effect shot - the TIGER shark propellers they begin to turn , slowly at first , then pick up speed . 315 special effect shot - shark and depth-explorer it move away from the saucer , back up through the water to the belly of the shark , at the airlock . 316 int . lower chamber of saucer - day - special effect shot - close on ' eye ' and now we see , through a series of dissolves that the eye be heal - restore itself , like a balloon be blow up ( maybe this would do it ) . 317 special effect shot - the ' finger ' purposefully they probe into the ' circuit ' aperture , and the power light begin to glow radiantly . - - - 109 . 318 int . forward torpedo room - day - full shot - at airlock as griff superintend preparation to open the lock door , the man from the control room - wendover , Kent and Sir Ian , hasten in . now griff crack the hatch on the lock door , and in a moment , reef stagger out , then help Carl from the explorer . wendover frown , glance inside : wendover what about --- ? reef only shake he head . face be tense , then reef declare bitterly : reef we do not kill it , skipper . and if it ever get ... back where it come from ... the Earth be doom , and everything and everybody on it ! 319 special effect shot - TIGER shark and saucer and now , the mighty engine of the shark succeed - the bow of the shark pull out of the hull of the saucer , and the two vehicle float freely in the water . 320 int . forward torpedo room - day - group shot the scene jump and lurch . then there be a exultant voice : voice ( over intercom ) we have pull loose , skipper ! we be free ! wendover and reef exchange a exultant look . then they turn and run out toward the ladder to the con . Kent , Carl and Sir Ian follow more slowly . 321 int . control room - day - full shot - the room as wendover and reef come scramble up the ladder and through the hatch , the man at the helm indicate the tv screen . wendover and reef peer eagerly at it . wendover smile tightly . - - - 110 . 322 special effect shot - optical shot - the tv screen and we see the saucer float loose in the water . but , suddenly , with a tremendous burst of speed , the saucer move away through the water , so rapidly as almost to become a blur . reef ( o.s. ) ( despairingly ) there it go ! 323 up into face of reef and wendover as reef adjust the dial of the screen , and Carl , Kent and Sir Ian appear behind they . reef straight to the pole - at almost fifty knot ! wendover nothing we can do , now . kent Excuse I , Captain - there may be one last , desperate chance - a one -in- a- thousand shot ... wendover ( desperately ) anything --- kent it 's possible I could adapt one of the torpedo guidance system to the icbm - so it would ' home ' on the saucer when he rise from the pole . wendover what about time ...? ( continued ) - - - revised 5 - 26 -59 " atomic submarine " 110 - a 323 ( continued ) sir ian ( a glance at reef ) cyclops will have to linger at the pole to recharge he power bank . wendover ( snap ) all right - go to it . ( continued ) - - - 111 . 323 ( continued ) wendover ( cont would ) ( to reef ) reef , you take over as navigator . find we a pot-hole in the ice . and as they ad lib order and instruction , Kent and Sir Ian and Carl climb back down the hatch to go to work . dissolve to : 324 int . forward torpedo room - day - cut to cover - work on missile - ( stock if available - otherwise dissolve to 325 ) with Carl , Kent , griff and Sir Ian all at work , in - stalling complicated electronic equipment in the nose of the huge icbm . over this : narrator adapt a complicated guidance system to a huge ballistic rocket - convert it to a water - to- air intercept missile ? it be foolish , it be insane , it be fantastic - but it be they only hope - and the earth 's only hope ! wipe to : 325 full shot - the group as Kent step back , wipe he hand on a piece of waste . sir ian all ready ? kent ( dourly ) as ready as we can be ! ( walk off ) I will report to the skipper . dissolve to : 326 special effect shot - the TIGER shark it be rise to the surface , under the ice . and now , as it near the surface , a beam of light , like a search - light , hit it , and the water become brighter . - - - 112 . 327 int . control room - day - mo . close shot - wendover and reef as reef , at the navigator 's position , sing out : reef right under we hole in the ice , skipper . 328 special effect shot - down on ice - see on tv screen we see a round , black hole of open water in the ice field . 329 int . control room - day - close shot - wendover and reef as wendover glue he eye toward the screen . wendover what 's the correct bear to the magnetic pole ? reef ( check ) minus three . wendover set a knob on the screen , peer at it again . 330 special effect shot - optical shot - Pov all we see be field of ice and snow . finally the cross - hair stop exactly at minus three . 331 mo . shot as wendover gesture toward the control . wendover take over here , reef . ( continued ) - - - 113. 331 ( continued ) reef nod , look at tv screen . wendover move to the intercom , bark : wendover prepare icbm for fire ! then he murmur to reef : wendover well , that 's all we can do -- until we space - friend decide to blast -off . 332 special effect shot - the TIGER shark and now , on the bow , we see the mighty icbm lift from a recess on the deck , in front of the con tower . it stand on end in its cradle , ready . wipe to : 333 int . control room - day - mo . two shot - reef and wendover reef 's eye on screen . wendover wait tensely . now reef react . 334 special effect shot - optical shot - through screen - the ice suddenly , a phenomenon like a undersea volcano rise . the ice rend and crack , rise in a great bulge . 335 special effect shot - the ice it break up , boil , tremendous rending , tear noise . then , from the depth of the water below , a familiar oval shape - smooth , glitter , beautiful - surmounted by the gleam cyclops eye appear . the saucer rise from the water like a great porpoise , hover just above the ice , then begin rise slowly into the air . 336 int . control room - day - reaction shot - wendover and reef as reef exclaim excitedly : ( continued ) - - - 114 . 336 ( continued ) reef skipper - I think - it be ! it 's cyclops ! wendover push he aside for a quick look himself . then , he leap for the intercom , bark : wendover this be the skipper ! Fire ! Fire ! 337 special effect shot - the TIGER shark now we see a discharge like compress air below the icbm . it float up and away from the shark , in a ver - tical position . then , straight as a arrow , it head for the surface . 338 special effect shot - the hole in the ice now , from the black water , the icbm leap into - the air , like a suddenly release , air-filled ball . as it leap above the surface , the mighty rocket engine ignite with a roaring blast , and the icbm leap high into the air , roar up o.s. 339 special effect shot - with icbm it rise higher and higher , faster and faster , into the sky . 340 special effect shot - the saucer it , too , be move faster and faster , on what should appear to be a converge course with the missile . 341 special effect shot - the sky this be the ' money ' shot - to make or break the picture . in one corner of the frame , the saucer rise swiftly . but as it move to center frame , in from the opposite corner come the icbm , head straight and true for the saucer . they meet . the explosion be tremendous - a mighty , nuclear fireball , great chunks of debris hurl sizzling into space in all direction , a booming , pound after -shock wave , then a great sweeping mushroom cloud . after this ..... nothing but empty sky . - - - revised 5 - 26 -59 " atomic submarine " 115 . 342 cut to cover - the phenomena above 343 int . control room - day - reaction shot - panning all the principal the shock , the exultation , the relief , then the sagging easement of tension ... it be beyond word . wendover look at Kent , with a look more eloquent than a hour speech . Sir Ian 's eye be misty with gratitude . Carl begin tremble with reaction , and reef put a comforting arm around he . griff sag onto a stool , head down , just move he head aimlessly from side to side . reef and wendover exchange a look of silent understanding . slow dissolve to : 344 ext . ocean - night - long up shot - the night sky ( stock ) on a moonless night , the star glint and sparkling like billion of distant diamond . 345 shot - bow of submarine - special effect shot as it swishes through the water on the homeward voyage . dissolve : 345-a stock shot - navy yard - night ( as in 38a ) 346 ext . navy yard - night - two shot - reef and carl as they slowly walk away from the o.s. submarine towards the gate . Carl look thoughtfully up at the sky as he stop for a moment . carl they be so remote - cold - beautiful , the star . but now - I wonder - reef ( smile fondly ) yes ? carl ( whimsically ) which be the one - we have to worry about ? reef also look up at the sky thoughtfully , shake he head . ( continued ) - - - 116 . 346 ( continued ) reef maybe - just ' maybe ' - when they ship do not return - they ' will decide not to come here , after all . carl but if they do ? reef ( soberly ) I do not know . carl ( a slight smile ) I would not worry . so long as we have boat like the Tiger shark - and people like you , the skipper , Dave , Kent , Sir Ian and my father - reef ( smile ) and he ' egghead ' son ! ( he punch Carl 's arm jovially ) we will give them a rough reception , will not we ? they go out . 347 ext . starlit sky - night superimpose : end title fade out : T h E E N D