the lost CITY of Z written by James Gray base on the book by David grann lcoz production , Ltd . white draft July 31 , 2015 blue revision August 19 , 2015 pink revision August 24 , 2015 yellow revision September 6,2015 GREEN revision September 30 , 2015 goldenrod rev . October 18 , 2015 buff revision october 25th , 2015 the lost CITY of Z White 7/31/15 gray and white . we open image be uneven line of gray and white , beautiful and abstract . we hear wind . the camera zoom out to reveal : ext . irish landscape - late day 1 a desolate-seem , visually magnificent landscape . we be look at cloud , and they form glorious pattern in the lower sky . like a painting by lorraine , or corot , or Turner . the horizon be dark , almost charcoal black . a thin layer of fog drift slowly across that abstract surface . as the fog move , it reveal : a man . he have be run towards we . a silhouette . like the rest of the open image , he appearance to we should conjure the primal , the mythic , the elemental . it be as though he be bear out of this fog , this cosmic force . he emerge from the fog . it be percy harrison fawcett . thirties and handsome . not exactly a youngster , but not creaky and old , either . strike we as cheerful . a gentle voice , a even manner . despite he cheer and charm , however , there be something steely about he , resolve , commit . his eye reveal a far more complex person than the exterior might first allow ; behind they twinkle there lurk a capacity for furious wrath and implacable resolution , the more dangerous because they be hold in leash ... over the wind now , we begin to hear church bell ringing . fawcett himself get closer and closer to we ... we hear a woman' voice , distant : woman 's voice percy ! percy ! +e hf * % ee + h HH hf +e % lose City of Z Blue revision set 8/19/15 2. the camera pull back to reveal a silhouette in the foreground , through a doorway . a woman 's form . ext . church - moment later 2 outside a rural church . a woman step toward the outer fence , hold a small baby . she be wait for percy , it seem . the woman be nina fawcett . the baby be jack fawcett , they newborn son . Nina fawcett , thirty , be bubbly and flighty , but also highly culture . brash at time , a woman of independent curiosity . there be a few other people , of vary age and shape and size , right behind she . all look happy , very happy . among they : jame bernard , 4th earl of bandon ( " lord bernard '' ) , seventies , pierce eye , intense . percy arrive at last . he meet she and the child . he embrace she , and the couple look ecstatic , glow . nina fawcett we have no doubt you have be here -- ( to the baby ) did we , Jack . percy fawcett the man make a complete hash of drill and I have to set they to rights . ( look at the other people ) good afternoon all ... we be very grateful for you attendance today . ( back to Nina ) shall we , darling ? int . church - later 3 it be a rural irish church , lovely , with history . we be toward the end of a christening ceremony . superimpose : '' cork , ireland , 1903 '' a minister be here , put the christen robe on the boy . he anoint he with oil , and as he do he speak . while he speak , we have a close shot on the infant 's hand . percy 's hand caress it . then a close shot on percy --a smile , then a kind of regression into think . he get emotional ... + eh lose City of Z Blue revision set 8/19/15 2a . minister May God , who have receive you by baptism into he Church , pour upon you the rich of he grace ... lose City of Z Blue revision set 8/19/15 3 . while he be finishing he speech : nina withdraws a elaborate mandala necklace , which she hang around the child head . the other nearby who see this be flummox for a moment . except for percy , who touch the mandala with a surprising reverence ... that in attendance finish thing with a '' amen '' . the Minister then turn to percy and Nina and the other : minister ( cont 'd ) as this be a private ceremony , I shall take the liberty to welcome Jack 's parent back from ceylon , where they have be station for three year . I know Major percy fawcett and he lovely wife , Nina to be fine people , who , though they have often pursue they own path , remain commit to make they family a true support of we Christian community . a '' here here '' from that in attendance . all converge on percy and Nina and baby Jack . James Bernard , 4th Earl of bandon ( " lord bernard '' ) approach Nina and percy : lord bernard what a beautiful ceremony . such a precious child -- congratulation to you both . and no doubt , great comfort after such a difficult birth . nina fawcett thank you , Lord Bernard . it be a very near thing , and there be much concern . but all be well now . lord bernard of course , of course ! ( turn to percy ) a word to the wise -- be very difficult for many of the man at the Fort to find a nanny of good character . percy fawcett we intend to raise the boy ourselves , Lord Bernard - - we do not wish for we child to be stranger . ( to Nina ) we child will become we dearest companion . * lose City of Z White 7/31/15 4. lord bernard ( as though they be insane ) ah ... I see ... very well , then ... I ... wish you the very best ... fawcett nod to Bernard , then , beam , turn back to he wife . with great expectation and tenderness , to he wife : percy fawcett we life begin anew today ... we begin to hear : a galloping horse : thumpity thumpity thumpity ... louder and louder ... CUT to : ext . cork harbor , ireland - late day 4 a Fort : large and forebode . silhouetted , the sun behind : mounted soldier on horse , gallop in circle . percy fawcett be dress impeccably atop he horse ; he wear a crisp uniform with gold button and a spike helmet strapped under he chin . near a wall at the church : a group of older men , stand , and women , seat , with they child . with umbrella above they head , fan in hand . nina be here , hold jack , now age 3 . irish bagpipe and drum be play ; child be dance . lord bernard be here , stand near nina . angle on : a hunt leader , late forty . he be surround by the mount soldier , ready for a big moment . loudly : hunt leader gentlemen ! I expect you to behave with distinction on this hunt ! the deer will be deliver to the archduke ferdinand at the gala ! remember : honor , duty , and good sportsmanship be the cornerstone of we proud civilization ! good luck and godspeed ! fawcett see they in the distance . they wave to he . in return , he explode in warmth , wave . other soldier circle fawcett , ribbing he in they soldierly way : other soldier # 1 could they not fit you rock chair on the horse , granddad ?!? + eh % * +e * hf + HH HH hk +e % * lose City of Z White 7/31/15 5. percy fawcett you 'il all be my gunbearer by evening -- have no doubt of that ! angle on nina who sit many foot away . nina fawcett ( in the boy 's ear ) Wave , to you father ... the child wave , and percy , thrilled , wave back . another solider blows a horn . fawcett and the rest of the men on horseback break out with great determination . fawcett yell at , kick , he horse ... ext . cork harbor - field 5 a wild deer , a buck with big antler , speed through the grass . hound bark , run through the terrain ... the pack of horse , fawcett among they , chase behind . we hear the distant whoops , the cheer , the horn , the exultation of the mounted troops charge in pursuit of the deer ... percy fawcett be on he horse , hooting , as be the other . the other Soldiers ride next to he --competitive and sour - face that he ride off in a different direction : other soldier # 1 fawcett ! there 's no path there ! fawcett ! you be mad ! fawcett ride off into another direction -- where there be no path . the hound run as though they life depend on it , barking rabidly in pursuit ... the deer be run because its life doe depend on it ... the horse be kick until bloody ... horse after horse tumble from rough terrain , and many of the men --unlike fawcett -- be not able to continue ... fawcett kick / whip he horse with astonish drive , and do a end-run around many of he competitor , cut they off . * * a6 lose City of Z Blue revision set 8/19/15 6. the deer , meanwhile , enter a nearby area of dense , tall grass . it run in a circle , entangle by the weed . fawcett approach the animal . fawcett take out he rifle ... he fire . the deer stumble to the ground . just then , young soldier arrive at the scene , hound too . fawcett watch the animal die . one of the soldier examin the deer and call out , '' dead ! '' . a cheer . the man pass a flask to fawcett , who take a swig : percy fawcett to death -- the best sauce to life ! some of the man let out another loud cheer as other be considerably more disappointed ... near the church fawcett go to he baby son and beam Nina . he kiss Nina , then hold the child high , kiss he . a huge grin from the happy father amidst cheer . Music up : '' avrem lieta , '' from giuseppe verdi 's LA traviata , a forceful and upbeat waltz : ext . fawcett residence - army barracks - night b6 fawcett approach he barrack door . we pass a group of singing troops . army soldier and I never get a knock when the boy call cock , cockity ock ock , cock Robin ! in my old red vest , I mean to cut a shine , walk down the street they call I ' danger on the line ! 's then : int . army barracks - night 6 series of shot : 1 . medium shot - the fawcett residence . filled with clutter . with three fox terrier moving about . 2 . close shot - a statue of the buddha . eh HH fh * lose City of Z Blue revision set 8/19/15 6a . 3 . close shot - a stack of leaflet on a desk : '' vote for women ! " 4 . medium shot - a joyous little jack , with he stuff animal , play with the dog . 5 . close shot - all the formal wear for percy fawcett laid on a bed . a hand reach down , pick up a piece of clothing . tilt up to reveal : percy putting it on . he look stiff , but bemuse . 6 . close shot - a woman , a maid , be struggling with something . widen to reveal : she be helping nina get into a corset . Nina spot percy , all finish dress . he stand in the doorway , silhouett , watch . ( Young army soldier be outside , chant : ) lose City of Z Blue revision set 8/19/15 7 . nina fawcett oh , this damned thing ! ( to percy ) you must be so pleased with yourselves , you man ! make we wear this awful thing ! she then adjust she hair : percy fawcett if you keep refuse to wear you hair as the other do , at least you will not appear tonight in trousers . the maid leave . his smile desert he ; he look at he pocket watch : percy fawcett ( cont ’d ) we be go to be late . Nina fix herself for another beat , then : nina fawcett done. ( beat ; show herself ) well ? percy fawcett Rather lovely . nina fawcett '' Rather lovely '' . thank you ! you look '' rather '' well yourself ! percy nod . then say nothing . she eye he for a moment , then , turn back to the mirror : nina fawcett ( cont ’d ) all right , out with it . what 's amiss ? percy fawcett I will be the only man there tonight of my rank whose uniform be unadorn . nina fawcett my God , that again ? + eh lose City of Z White 7/31/15 8 . percy fawcett the great Secretary bryce will be in attendance . ( mock voice ; as a joke ) " oh Major fawcett , have you no medal ? oh no , Mr. bryce -- I have be quite busy training ancient militia man to point they rifle at tree stump . so -- no medal for I . '' he sit down near she . she sit on he lap , kiss he . then she lean back . nina fawcett who 's this Mr. bryce when he 's at home ? percy fawcett the last man here upon whom we might possibly rely for advancement . nina fawcett I see . a beat . then : percy fawcett ( more serious now ) I be get older , cheeky . and very impatient of lose year . I know the token be ridiculous . I do . but I think of we boy -- we can not close any door to he . nina fawcett ( smile gently ) then let we be off . int . lord bernard's mansion - ballroom - night 7 the music continue . the camera begins on a close shot of a waltzing couple , then pull back to reveal : a gala for franz ferdinand , archduke of Austria - este and heir presumptive to the austro-hungarian throne . a enormous ballroom in a mansion , with ten of couple dance in seem unison , twirling around and around , almost like doll . close shot : the deer . laid out ... the archduke stand in a receive line with officer . shake hand , smiling . + HH hhh HH % + eh lose City of Z White 7/31/15 9 . lord bernard and brigadier general sidney varnon thornton , forty , be here with he . across the room : percy and nina fawcett enter , they image reflect multiple time on a wall of mirror . fawcett nod greeting to he fellow officer ; Nina speak greeting in german to a officer from Austria as all woman check out the handsome percy ... fawcett and Nina move through the crowd . many recognize they ; random partygoer pass by , say hello . lord bernard good evening , Madame Nina ... you be look wonderful ... Major ... welcome . so happy to have you here . the two acknowledge the hellos . moment later percy and Nina be in the middle of the dance floor . they pose for a moment , about to start a waltz . and then they start dance to the rhythm of the verdi . fawcett and Nina be fine dancer , bless with grace but also training . angle back on the chief secretary of ireland , jame brice , here at the head of a receive line . troops ready the deer to present to the archduke . secretary bryce you majesty -- I present to you this fine animal , a gift from we government to yours , and a recognition of we share history and mutal interest . the archduke bow in gratitude , accept the deer . bryce usher the archduke toward a antechamber . as he do , bryce turn to Lord Bernard . secretary bryce ( cont ’d ) Lord Bernard , we do appreciate the use of you magnificent home . lord bernard oh , it be my pleasure . we have see far too little of this type of cheer this past few season . * +e * hf % + eh lose City of Z White 7/31/15 10 . secretary bryce yes , a fine show by the man ... by the way , who get the kill ? lord bernard ( point he out ) that would be Major fawcett , Mr. Secretary . secretary bryce well then , invite he in for a drink ! Bernard give a slight wave of he hand ; then : lord bernard ( move closer ) a bit odd . and , may I say , not entirely ... fortunate in he choice of ancestor . secretary bryce ( comprehend somehow ) I see . right , then ... fawcett and nina dance around and around . fawcett sees the officer staring at he , and he can tell they be talk about he -- and not ina flatter way , either . a laugh , a snicker ... he be disrespected , and he know it . they be toast each other . Nina see the line too as they dance and turn : nina fawcett they be toast the kill without you . fawcett look , then turn back : percy fawcett well , I be dance with you . so I have get the better of the bargain . a older officer , thomas francis busby , cut in : thomas francis busby May I , Major ? percy fawcett I be afraid I have speak too soon . * +e HH oh % lose City of Z White 7/31/15 11 . as be the custom , fawcett bow gracefully , nod he assent , give he wife to busby , who be short and pudgy . Nina and percy lock eye ; they be not give chance to speak . off busby and Nina go , dance . percy take out a cigar . he look at Secretary bryce and Lord Bernard and sidney thornton and the rest of the officer as they then enter a smaller antechamber . and the door be close on he . and US . we tilt down . percy break the cigar in two . ext . fort - outside horse stable - day 8 superimpose the legend : '' april , 1906 '' . troops load artillery shell onto cart which be drag by horse . the shell be heavy ; and the troops stand knee - deep in the muddy water . fawcett be supervise a officer : percy fawcett each can contain no more than twelve shell , corporal ... officer ( to the grunt ) come on ! put you back into it ! the officer cane a grunt . fawcett can not hide he distaste . turn he back to the troops , in the Officer 's face , he grab the cane : percy fawcett we lead the men- - we do not beat they into submission ! the Officer register this , he head sink in shame . a soldier drop a shell ; they holler in caution at one another . then a officer bark from behind : barking voice fawcett ! fawcett look up : commanding officer sidney varnon thornton and thomas francis busby . they approach he . fawcett salute . percy fawcett Sir ! * 10 lose City of Z White 7/31/15 12. sidney varnon thornton you be off to London tomorrow . to the Royal geographical Society . percy fawcett Sir ? the Royal geographical --? thomas francis busby yes , fawcett --something wrong with you ear ?!? percy fawcett no , sir ! sidney varnon thornton best bring you long john . you might well be off to the North pole . thornton turn and leave fawcett stand there . angle on fawcett as we go to : ext . london STREET - day 9 London . busy , cluttere , noisy , dirty . we pan to reveal a townhouse in central london , with a sign in front : '' royal geographical society '' . fawcett approach , enter . int . rgs office - day 10 a big wooden space . regal . stand behind he desk : sir GEORGE goldie . goldie , sixty , with intense blue eye and a keen intelligence . seat nearby : sir JOHN scott keltie , also sixty . fawcett enter . goldie do not look up from he note . keltie do , but say nothing . he merely clear he throat , with no reaction for goldie . after a awkward beat , percy knock : percy fawcett sir? Major fawcett -- the War Office send I ? sir GEORGE goldie oh yes yes - - come in ! I be Sir George goldie . President of the rgs . this be Sir John Scott keltie , we Secretary . percy fawcett ( as they shake ) how do you do . * * + eh lose City of Z yellow revision set 8/6/15 13. sir JOHN scott keltie good morning , Major . sir GEORGE goldie we path do not cross during you work here some year back . percy fawcett no they do not , sir . I be likely consume with my study at the time . sir GEORGE goldie of course . please , sit down ... ( f. do ; a beat , then ) you have go on several mission in the past , I see ? percy fawcett yes . I have serve in ceylon , and in Hong Kong as well . I have ... not stay in one place for very long . goldie look down at a stack of papers . keltie speak up : sir JOHN scott keltie you also serve in intelligence , in Morocco ? be that correct ? no answer from fawcett . goldie look to keltie , vaguely in disgust : sir GEORGE goldie be you refer to the yellow document ? the yellow document ? sir JOHN scott keltie I beg you pardon , sir . let 's pass on . sir GEORGE goldie ( beat ; back to percy ) you time in ceylon -- there be rumor you go Buddhist . such a act would of course be seditious . percy fawcett Sir , my record speak for itself . no one can question my commitment to King and country . sir JOHN scott keltie be you a Buddhist , Major ? lose City of Z Blue revision set 8/19/15 14 . percy fawcett my experience in the orient teach I that no religion be higher than truth . I make no apology . a pregnant pause . then goldie lean forward : sir GEORGE goldie Major , what do you know about Bolivia ? percy fawcett in South America , sir ? sir GEORGE goldie that 's right . percy fawcett only what I have read . goldie chuckle . a atla be put in front of fawcett . sir GEORGE goldie then you can not know very much . this 's about as good a map of Bolivia as we have . the map literally say '' unexplored '' . refer to the map : as goldie sir GEORGE goldie ( cont ’d ) most of it 's blank , as you can see . nothing 's really know of it at all . the river be all a guess . this be rubber center here -- very profitable . some be even apparently quite lavish . forward another book : sir GEORGE goldie ( cont ’d ) there be now considerable argument between Bolivia and Brazil , over what constitute they border . so fantastically high be the price of rubber that war could arise . do you follow ? percy fawcett I do , sir . but with respect -- I be not sure what it have to do with I . sir. sir GEORGE goldie I be get to that . lose City of Z White 7/31/15 15 . goldie move closer to fawcett , to the edge of the desk : sir GEORGE goldie ( cont ’d ) neither country will accept mapp do by the other , so they have request we to act -- as referee . keltie get up , stand next to goldie : sir JOHN scott keltie as you complete you course in mapp here with distinction , you come under we consideration . percy fawcett sir -- to be honest , my survey work be long ago . and I be ... I be really hope for a posting where I might be able to see a fair bit of action . sir GEORGE goldie oh , I do understand you concern - - we be aware you have never face a shot fire in anger . but Major , this be far more than just survey work . it 's exploration , in the jungle . the environment be brutally difficult . there 's terrible disease and murderous savage . the journey may well mean you life . but should you succeed , such a undertake could earn you soldierly decoration -- and even reclaim you family name . goldie lean back . then : sir GEORGE goldie ( cont ’d ) you know , we know you father . percy fawcett do you . I do not . sir JOHN scott keltie terrible thing , a man 's love of drink ... and game ... sir GEORGE goldie but : as I say , success in this venture could change you lot . considerably . fawcett look back down at the map . '' unexplored '' . +e * hf % * % + eh 11 lose City of Z White 7/31/15 16 . sir JOHN scott keltie well , Major ? what 's it go to be ? angle on fawcett as he look up . he smile . ext . near the fawcett home - bluff - late day 11 angle on jack , play in the sand . widen : fawcett and Nina near he . as fawcett stare at the kid : nina fawcett he ’1ll not know you when you return . fawcett nod . a beat . then : percy fawcett you must protect he from the sort of schooling to which I be subject . nina fawcett ( of course ! ) we mind be as one on this , have no fear of that . percy fawcett ( to himself ; aloud ) I ' 1l not have he cane for wear the wrong frock coat ... nina fawcett puggy - — ( beat ) I must tell you -- I believe I be go to have another child . he turn to look at she directly . a half - smile : percy fawcett another child ...? nina fawcett but this cannot distract you , or lead you to doubt my capacity . I be a independent woman . and we child could have no better protector than they own mother . percy fawcett I do not doubt you . ( move closer to she ; touch she abdomen ) ( more ) * eh fh HH ff HH fh hk * % + h hk + eh 12 13 lose City of Z White 7/31/15 percy fawcett ( cont 'd ) the think of you all will be my great inspiration . I swear to you , I shall succeed . int . fawcett residence - army barracks - early morning 17 . * 12 * still dark . fawcett be pack and ready to go . a shot of he suitcase . fawcett stand just outside Jack 's bedroom . turn around to see he wife . Nina 's back be to we ; she be about to put fawcett 's coat over he suitcase , but instead choose to caress the coat with enormous tenderness . as though the coat be a live thing , a beautiful child ... she slip a booklet into he coat . he come up behind she , * touch she shoulder . she whisper , afraid to wake up Jack : * nina fawcett I have give you a book of poem , for * you journey . * he nod in appreciation . matter-of -factly , without self - * pity : * nina fawcett ( cont 'd ) * one more kiss , please . we may never meet again . but a voice interrupt : jack fawcett ( 0.c . ) papa ? int . jack ’'s bedroom 13 fawcett enter the bedroom , stand over he son . also * whisper : percy fawcett it 's still very early , my boy . you should go back to sleep . jack fawcett where be you go ? percy fawcett Far away . you be to look after you mother . jack fawcett I want to come . fawcett sit at the edge of the bed : lose City of Z White 7/31/15 18 . percy fawcett darling , I be afraid it 's no place for child . jack fawcett why ? percy fawcett because there 's great danger . jack fawcett then why be you go ? percy fawcett we must all do we duty for King and country , first and foremost . jack fawcett why ? percy fawcett well ... this be how we keep the world civilized . jack fawcett what be civilized ? fawcett laugh at all the question . then : percy fawcett Goodbye , darling . jack fawcett I want to come with you -- percy fawcett perhaps someday you will . I love you most deeply . Nina enter from behind they . nina fawcett Jack , give you father he present . Jack grin , reach under he pillow , give he father a small box . Inside : a gold ring . it 's all fawcett can do to not burst into tear . he begin to get choke up : percy fawcett it 's - - it 's lovely . a inscription be on it : nec aspera terrent . 14 15 lose City of Z White 7/31/15 19 . jack fawcett what do the word say , papa ? percy fawcett it mean , '' difficulty be damned '' . ( beat ) thank you so much for my beautiful gift . when I see you next , you will be ready to sit a horse . nina fawcett now give you father a proper kiss so that he may be on he way ... they boy sit up ; fawcett hug , kiss he tightly as Nina look on . tear begin to stream down fawcett 's cheek , but he smile to the child through the tear . a ship horn : ext . ocean - ocean liner - dusk 14 a ship steam on the ocean . the s.s. panama . int . ocean liner - hold 15 fawcett sit in the cramped , dirty hold , which be fill with tough and scoundrel . meanwhile , he look clean - cut in a starch white collar , focus intently on a spanish language book . passenger drink whiskey , spit tobacco , play dice . and sing in a drunken stupor . a pickpocket be reach around , attempt to filch something out of fawcett 's hang coat . fawcett sees this in the reflection of a mirror that a man be use for shave , across from he bunk . he wrap he hand around a handkerchief , and with great speed , he pull it around the neck of the pickpocket and yank he forward . pull out he revolver : percy fawcett I should think twice if I be you . the pickpocket simply withdraw he hand . a big fight break out between two drunk in the game . fawcett turn to look . another man , clutching a rifle , stand with he arm around a woman who might well be a prostitute , catch fawcett 's eye . the man take a swig from a flask . fawcett go back to he read ... % +e * hf 16 17 lose City of Z White 7/31/15 20 . int . ocean liner - second deck - bright day 16 fawcett , smoking inside the ship , walk from the dining room . in the distance , down the deck hall : he spot the man with the rifle again , now sling on he back . and the man be stare back at he . odd. suspicious . fawcett walk around , to the other side of the ship . and the man appear again . again , stare at he . int . ocean liner - pantry 17 fawcett walk around the deck and open a door . he duck into a pantry . Dark . pull out he weapon . through the grate metal window in the door , we see a silhouette approach . a beat , as the silhouette look inside . the doorknob move . fawcett move behind the door . the door open and the man come in . instantly , fawcett wrap he forearm around the man' neck . the man push on fawcett 's face . they tussle , awkwardly , even humorously , each try to out - tough the other , each prove himself sillier than the other . when they separate , the man pull a knife . fawcett turn on the light , a solitary bulb that be turn on or off by a string . the light swing , back and forth . percy fawcett who be you ? he be corporal henry costin , twenty , with a bold kiplingesque mustache and heavily - hood eye . exceptionally fit , have be a gymnastics instructor in the Army . henry costin I be corporal Henry costin , sir ! I see you advert in the Times -- I '1l be you aide - de- camp on the mission ! percy fawcett ( incredulous ; upset ) we have be at sea a week -- why in God 's name have not you reveal yourself until now ?! * * + eh + eh lose City of Z White 7/31/15 21 . henry costin have to make certain you be up to the task , sir ! I be not look to get kill because you be too long in the tooth ! percy fawcett you be speak rather loudly , Mr. costin . henry costin ( softer ) sorry , sir . beat . percy fawcett and what if I be ? henry costin be what , sir ? percy fawcett too long in the tooth . henry costin ah -- well , then I would assume command . sir. ( beat ) I be not plan to hurt you . percy fawcett I assume as much -- you be carry that ridiculous rifle . fawcett back up , put away he knife . Said as a command : percy fawcett ( cont ’d ) where 's you paperwork . costin reach into he coat , pull out a stack of paper , along with a small whiskey flask . and a small , tarnish medal with a ribbon . fawcett look at all of it . henry costin it 's a medal . for bravery , against the boer. ( beat ) I be skilled , with both pistol and rifle , as you can see . percy fawcett ( as he look at the papers ) I myself have never be in war . lose City of Z White 7/31/15 22 . henry costin it be a fine time , sir . gave we a real taste of glory . percy fawcett you have a family , Mr. costin ? henry costin none at all . percy fawcett good . nothing to shed . henry costin but you do , I take it then ? percy fawcett yes . a wife and a boy , with another child on the way . henry costin ( vaguely challenging ) and you will have no difficulty shed they ? percy fawcett Mr. costin , my reputation as a man rest entirely on we success . you shall find I capable of every sacrifice . henry costin well I must say , I for one be fair itching for action . percy fawcett I be certain you will not be disappointed . you ’1ll need every last bit of fortitude you have get . therefore , I must insist -- fawcett take costin 's whiskey flask . percy fawcett ( cont ’d ) you 'il need no more dutch courage . g as fawcett pour it into a nearby sink in the pantry , sotto : percy fawcett ( cont ’d ) [ it 's ] destroy many a fine man . the alcohol run along the sink bottom . we match CUT to : % + eh +e * hf + eh 18 19 lose City of Z Green revision set 09/30/2015 23. ext . bolivian plain - day 18 a train rocket through the area . int . train 19 a crummy and cramped and loud interior . fill with bolivian and indigenous people . fawcett talk inaudibly with a bolivian , then walk toward a seat , hold a map in he hand . he avoid a fruitseller ( who be ad-lib : '' chirimoya , grenadillas ! " ) . costin be seat , reading a newspaper . the headline : '' shackleton , murray to south pole '' . a picture of shackleton and jame murray . remember mr . murray' face . a woman with a dog in a basket stand right near costin when he move to accommodate fawcett ; the dog bother he by continually sniff he ear . fawcett join he in the empty seat , hold a map and a smaller piece of paper . he seem concerned , remote . henry costin there a problem ? percy fawcett we receive a cable , in asuncion . the political situation appear to have worsen and there 's be a change in plan . ( to the map ) we will need to redirect we line of approach -- we first priority must now be to map the Verde River and find its source . it form a critical part of the border between Bolivia and Brazil . henry costin it 's rather far from here , be it not ? percy fawcett it be . ( unfold the map ) we survey route for the river would begin here , at , at -- fazienda jacobina . lose City of Z Green revision set 09/30/2015 23a . henry costin yes , I have come across it in my read -- it 's mean to be quite enchant . percy fawcett ( look at he telegram ) we be to meet a corporal manley there . he 's contact a indian guide and hire the rest of we crew . ( back to the map ) we must chart we progress with as much survey detail as possible . hopefully any mail from we love one will beat we to the spot . ( as he fold the map ) time be of the essence . War be at stake and the environment will not be friendly . costin battle the dog in the basket ; it keep sniff he ear : henry costin we be to stop a war , you and I ? the two of we , and a couple of mule ? percy fawcett ( speechless for a moment ; the odd be long ; then : ) Mr. costin - - we be go to have to depend on each other . because neither of we will survive this alone . henry costin I understand pefectly , sir . however , this dog will not survive this train ride . ( see fawcett read the journal ) what 's that you be read ? percy fawcett it 's a poem . for we journey . costin look over at the book . close shot on handwriting above the text : '' to percy , with love , nina . '' we tilt down to the text , and we hear : lose City of Z Green revision set 09/30/2015 23b . percy fawcett ( cont ’d ) '' there 's no sense in go further -- it 's the edge of cultivation , so they say , and I believe it -- " 20 21 lose City of Z buff revision ( 10/25/15 ) 24 . ext . ande mountain - day 20 a wide shot . we two man look like ant . over this , we hear the previous scene continue , and we CUT to a series of shot of we man walk in mountainous terrain , then hill , then grass ... now , nina fawcett 's voice . she be reading it : nina fawcett ( v.o . ) '' till a voice , as bad as conscience , ring interminable change on one everlast whisper day and night repeat -- so : ' something hide . go and find it . go and look behind the range -- something lose behind the range . lose and wait for you . go ! 's '' ext . mountain - later 21 a different kind of vegetation --green . the sound begin to change , too -- much less wind , much more active with insect ... fawcett be sweat . it be start to get hot . there be rivulet that all seem to be flow downhill and gain steam . costin stop to take note in a survey book . back to fawcett : there be overgrown vegetation blocking the view on the path . fawcett hack away with he machete . he stop . something seem to dawn on he . percy fawcett Mr. costin -- then he start to hack away again ! with a astonish furor . we pan with he with each blow . his feet be in mud ; see this : percy fawcett ( cont ’d ) Mr. costin ! henry costin what be it ...? costin approach quickly . finally , a clear . revealing : amazonia . a vast GREEN . the jungle , which engulf the riverbank of the magnificent amazon river . it be beautiful and beguile , and so enormous it fill one with awe . lose City of Z buff revision ( 10/25/15 ) 242a . costin come up behind he , look over fawcett 's shoulder . he be blow away by the vista . henry costin ( cont ’d ) my God ... percy fawcett ( almost to himself ) it 's even grander than one could have imagine ... stifl the briefest of smile , fawcett go right back to put up a steely front . he start go through he thing . but he can not hide he excitement . as he rummages : percy fawcett ( cont ’d ) the manual insist we keep only the essential now and live off the land , as best we can . henry costin only the essential , yes . ( to himself ) cricket white , begone ... +e HH HH hhh ff + eh lose City of Z buff revision ( 10/25/15 ) 25 . 22 int . jungle 22 the camera move through the growth , the point-of - view of we character ... 23 lose City of Z Green revision set 09/30/2015 26 . the sound of the jungle be loud and yet oddly soothing . it should be clear to we from the noise that nature have take over . buz of unidentifiable creature ... series of shot of monkey and bird and snake and spider and frog ... fawcett , costin enter the jungle in silence ... only the rumble of thunder ... thunder , but no rain . yet . int . jungle - later 23 fawcett and costin 's foot sink in mud ; a bright yellow snake slither around fawcett 's foot . costin 's eye widen at the sight of it ; fawcett step over it with study calm ... sweat pour off they face ; terrible heat ... swarming insect ... sauba ant ... tick ... chigger ... percy fawcett breathes heavily but hack away with he machete . costin be nearby , slightly ahead , hacking away at the jungle . occasionally , fawcett stop to check a map , take out he surveying equipment . he call out : percy fawcett twenty -nine degree , 16 minute , south of the equator . henry costin twenty -nine , and sixteen ! percy fawcett ( as he start hack again ) tell I , Mr. costin ! what induce you to brave this place ? henry costin well ... I have study the natural science in Africa , and let 's just say I have have about enough of the army ... ( beat ; he stop ) you know , I be beginning to miss that dog on the train . ( back to hack ) at least I prefer it to all the creature currently crawl down my neck . smack . fawcett hit he own neck . bug , which force the man constantly to be swatting they arm and neck . then costin stop . freezes . % * +e * hf + HH HH HH hf +e % lose City of Z Green revision set 09/30/2015 26a . percy fawcett ( as a joke ) every one we kill be one less obstacle in we path ! ( preoccupy ; to self ) some of they be edible , though . henry costin Major -- percy fawcett ( bring back to reality ) yes , Mr. costin - - what be it ? ( beat ) why be you not proceeding ? costin point down . fawcett sees a track of footprint . look around , they spot : 24 25 lose City of Z Green revision set 09/30/2015 27 . through the tree and the branch and the shrub : indian . still . silently watching they . fawcett stare straight into the eye of one of the indian . he then gesture to costin to keep moving . he and costin both put they hand on they gun as they begin to plod ever slower through the greenery . the indian observe fawcett and costin with a astonish stillness ; almost like statue . fawcett sees a sea of shrunken head , hang from tree . henry costin ( whisper ) [ be they ] cannibal ? fawcett shake he head just a touch , as if to say , '' I do not know '' , and signal to costin to keep walk ... ext . jungle - night 24 bat overhead ... then silent again . and then fawcett and costin hear it : opera music . at first , it be distant . then , less faint , and as they progress , one can even tell the piece : from gaetano donizetti 's don pasquale . both man wonder if they be crazy . they reach a clear , slowly but surely make they way through the gauntlet of Indians . and what do they see but ... ext . clearing 25 a thatched -roof makeshift stage that be serve as a '' opera house '' . here , in the middle of the jungle . positively surreal . fawcett turn to the Indians , who be surround the two man . in imperfect portuguese : percy fawcett ( subtitle ) this be fazienda jacobina ? ( beat ) do you understand ? they do not answer . instead , they back up , melting away back into the jungle . fawcett enter the : 26 27 lose City of Z Green revision set 09/30/2015 28. int . '' opera house '' 26 fawcett survey the scene . even though it 's merely a large clear , the stage be , oddly , magnificently appointed with antique from Old Europe . they be scattered about . pathetic space , but you have never know it listen to the singer and the orchestra . a smatter of people dress to the nine in the audience -- wood bench in the middle of the rainforest . in the back , Indians sit , quietly , listen to the music . a bizarre sight indeed . a diminutive latino man dress in a tuxedo approach fawcett . in portuguese : diminutive latino man ( subtitle ) ( cheerful , almost like a advertisement ) welcome to the Grand Opera House of beautiful fazienda jacobina - - thanks to we Baron De gondoriz and the Inca mining company . do you have you ticket ? ext . fazienda jacobina —- rainy and thundering night 27 superimpose : '' fazienda jacobina plantation , brazil . JUNE , 1906 '' . the rain begin to fall . hard . far from the elegant place they ’'d expected . fawcett enter this nightmare of a rubber town , with costin right behind . we pass tree with pan attach to they trunk . leaking white fluid . rubber . a dark -skinned man be collect the substance ... fawcett see that this be not much more than a strip of mud with bamboo hut with one notable exception : a rubber baron' large home , which sit higher on a hill overlook the city . shockingly miserable . fire all over -- in can , campfire , fire incinerate garbage and remain ... the presence of the Inca mining company be clear , with they corporate logo paint on several of the hut . fawcett turn , eye : railroad track that lead to nowhere . bolivian army officer line the front of the hut , '' on the nod , '' drunk , all of it . a texan gunman stand out , watch . running down the '' road , '' come : british officer arthur manley , early twenty , young and cheery but slightly frail . fawcett be still stunne by the misery as manley begin : * lose City of Z Green revision set 09/30/2015 28a . arthur manley Major fawcett ? be that you ?? it must be you ! ( more ) lose City of Z goldenrod revision set 10/18/15 29 . arthur manley ( cont 'd ) ( introduce himself ) lance corporal manley , sir --liason from the Governor General ! percy fawcett how do you do ... this be corporal costin . costin nod . arthur manley you be not expect for another fortnight ! i...hate to be the bearer of bad news , but -- we receive a telegraph . the border Commission have cancel you mission ! percy fawcett cancell !? what on earth do you mean ?!? arthur manley what I have say , sir ! it 's become far too dangerous -- there have already be more than a few skirmish between the bolivian and brazilian , and they will not be able to reprovision you as plan ! percy fawcett where be the government office ? arthur manley government ? ( morbid smile ) Sir , I be afraid you have leave '' government '' behind a long time ago . we be grateful for the road ! percy fawcett then Mr. manley , you send back a telegram - - that we will not stand down and we shall proceed as plan ! we will continue and see this through ! manley look at he for a moment . percy fawcett ( cont ’d ) be you with I , corporal ? arthur manley yessir . + HH HH + HH HH + h hk + h hk * * 28 lose City of Z goldenrod revision set 10/18/15 29a. as fawcett look at costin , as if to say , '' my God , this be a * terrible place '' : percy fawcett * now what about a indian guide - - do * you get we a guide ? * angle on manley as he stop . he turn stone - face . arthur manley I ... I do , sir . beat . percy fawcett well where be he ? * a voice , in portuguese , then English : a voice ( 0.s. ) cattle ! come through ! ext . hut - OPEN veranda - near the bank of the river 28 a long line of young men , indian , lumber , head down , in chain , through the town . get off a SMALL riverboat that 's beach . we man be here : fawcett , costin , manley . whisper to fawcett : arthur manley he 's one of they now , sir . name 's tadjui . the company take he . lose City of Z goldenrod revision set 10/18/15 30 . fawcett step out to observe . Guards with whip motivate the line of man by beat . percy fawcett who be they ? arthur manley slave , sir . henry costin slave ?!? arthur manley kidnap from the jungle and bring here for the rubber company . henry costin ( a sad laugh ; sotto ) I do not believe it ... fawcett be appal too , he face souring instantly . costin seem in shock . percy fawcett who 's in charge here ? manley point to the house , on the hill : arthur manley that would be the Baron de gondoriz , sir - - up there . fawcett begin to walk toward the house . costin run up to fawcett . in he ear : henry costin where be you go ? percy fawcett he 's get the man we need . fawcett take several step out , into the rain . to manley : percy fawcett ( cont ’d ) bring the indian up to the house . tell they we ’l1l pay . arthur manley yes sir . manley speak to the guard . a brazilian guard clap he hand twice , yell out some portuguese . a indian , tadjui , twenty , in chain , be butted , hard , by a rifle . lose City of Z goldenrod revision set 10/18/15 30a . he do not react . he then step out from the huge line as though it be voluntary . 29 lose City of Z Green revision set 09/30/2015 31 . int . rubber baron house 29 baron do gondoriz , forty , a stocky and imperious sort , sit on a chair , surround by fur and with a latino woman serve he drink and food . the brazilian infantry be here , surround ( guard ? ) he . a indian crank a victrola . do gondoriz 's child be here , too , as be he wife . they be dress in white suit and be serious - face and silent . Champagne be pour like water , and food abound . it 's a real contrast with the street below . gondoriz be a impose figure , to be sure . he have a pet jaguar , who reside alongside he . the jaguar seem particularly peeve at costin , for no reason . it growl at he , and costin 's eye bulge at the ferocious '' pet '' ... percy fawcett * ( smile ) * Baron , we be from the british Army . we be very sorry to interrupt you meal . we be to be venture down the Rio Verde as peacekeeper and will be in need of some of you man . no response from the Baron . percy fawcett ( cont ’d ) in exchange , I be prepare to tell my government of you cooperation . baron do gondoriz * you be from England ? percy fawcett yes , we be . baron do gondoriz I have be to London , many time . I have see the opera there - - have you * see my opera house ? percy fawcett we do , on we way into town . congratulation -- it be quite * impressive . baron do gondoriz I have the best singer from all over Europe . and my conductor , he be sick now , but he train with the great hubay . ( beat ) ( more ) lose City of Z Green revision set 09/30/2015 31a . baron do gondoriz ( cont 'd ) before I come here , I tell myself I will not be a savage . ( more ) lose City of Z goldenrod revision set 10/18/15 32. baron do gondoriz ( cont 'd ) and so I bring civilization to the jungle . I bring my family here , and I raise my child to be cultivate people . I be from Portugal , from sintra . someday I will return there . ( beat ; wistful ) someday . the Texan enter with tadjui , who be chained around the neck . texan gunman you be goin 's upriver , be ya ? percy fawcett we be indeed . for surveying . texan gunman ( smile ) well , be not nobody come back from up there . ever. ( look at the indian ) this the one you be look for ? fawcett eye he for a beat , then : percy fawcett yes , we would like very much to employ he . texan gunman he 's a rebellious son of a bitch , I ’1ll tell you that . he 's be beat . and he will be beat again . percy fawcett all the better I should take he off you hand , then . tadjui , fawcett exchange glare . fawcett approach tadjui : percy fawcett ( cont ’d ) do you speak English ? texan gunman we teach ‘em . [ to ] civilize ‘em . tadjuil I be speak little . percy fawcett and you know the river ? tadjui nod . lose City of Z goldenrod revision set 10/18/15 32a . percy fawcett ( cont ’d ) ( to Baron De gondoriz ) what will you take for he and any four man he choose ? texan gunman you get money ? percy fawcett I -- promise highly favorable treatment from my country . baron do gondoriz you country be not what it use to be . fawcett be momentarily at a loss for word . lose City of Z Green revision set 09/30/2015 33 . baron do gondoriz ( cont ’d ) it offend you to negotiate with I . I see this be true . percy fawcett no -- baron do gondoriz please - - do not embarrass yourself . I prefer to speak openly when it be possible ; do you not ? ( before fawcett can answer : ) you come here to make map . and why be that ? so that there may be peace . what be peace ? peace mean my business will flourish -- I will flourish . you may hold you nose when you accept my help , yet without my help you know you can not succeed . the closer you will look at the truth , the more disgust you will grow - - not at I but at yourself . in the end , peace mean only that nothing will change . so I will help you because you will make sure nothing will change . then De gondoriz notice something . point to costin 's rifle . baron do gondoriz ( cont ’d ) that be very beautiful . texan gunman there be not a whole lot of that in this part , Baron . a fine piece . costin seem reluctant . fawcett look to costin , take he aside . costin be impatient , whisper to fawcett : henry costin it 's a family heirloom , sir . it 's a Henry - - my father use it against the Zulu . percy fawcett consider it you gift to the King . henry costin you do realize this go to pay for a slave . * % he HH hhh HH HH hf hhh HH hk * a30 lose City of Z Green revision set 09/30/2015 33A . percy fawcett ( to the other ) would you excuse I , please . fawcett lead costin outside : ext . rubber baron house a30 under a overhang , on the porch . start quiet , but heat : percy fawcett we will hire as many of they as we can and set they free when we be do . fawcett start to turn back ; costin stop he : henry costin when we be do ? be we slaveowner now ? percy fawcett no . as I say , we will pay they and treat they as any other in we party . ( beat ) it 's the most we can do under the circumstance . henry costin I nil not dirty my hand just because it suit we need . percy fawcett would you hand be any cleaner if we leave they here to die ? we be the only hope they have get . we need they and we will take they with we . * + ff hhh HH fh +e * hf b30 30 lose City of Z buff revision ( 10/25/15 ) 34-35 . henry costin but we have get to report it -- percy fawcett ( lose a bit of patience ) to whom , corporal ? to whom ? have you take a look around -- do you see where we be ? ( beat ) I promise you , they story shall not go untold if we survive . I promise you that . costin realize fawcett be right . he step forward , and swallow he pride , he unsling he rifle . muttering : henry costin just as it 's always be . one group get the sugar , the other one get the shit . costin walk past fawcett , reenter : int . rubber baron house b30 costin approach the Texas gunman as percy reenter : henry costin ( hold up the rifle ; a hint of sarcasm ) here . be you very own handmade rifle . a martini- Henry . well do . the Texas gunman take the rifle , look at it , aim it . then pass it to the Baron . the Baron look to costin , fawcett , aim , pull the trigger . click . then : ext . bank of the river - campfire - dawn - clear sky 30 fawcett stand by the river . tye a rope for a boat . widen to reveal : the indian tadjui , and he have bring four other lejo indian with he . they work on the raft , pass the drink kachasa between they . tadjui , shirtless , have scar on he back , which fawcett notice . a sack of mail be drop at fawcett 's foot by a local . he sift through it , find a letter from he wife . flash CUT to : +e HH oh % 33 lose City of Z buff revision ( 10/25/15)34-35A . a close shot of nina as she sit at her desk , write . they son jack , in the background . we still hear the sound of the jungle . CUT back to : he be about to open it . merely pocket it . he then walk over to tadjui . percy fawcett can you show I where we be to pitch camp tonight ? tadjui trace he finger along the river on the map , then stop several inch into a blank area . he trace the shape with he finger . seem to know every curve . tadjul Long time on the river before stop . fawcett look out , at the river ... ext . riverbank - day - later 33 we then see : a group of scruffy men , building raft with stick and twine , shove estopa ( beat palm fiber ) into crack in the raft . costin be work with the group , but manley seem to know they all : henry costin this 's we party then ? ( manley nod , so : ) it 's a bloody desperate lot you have get we . arthur manley they be as dependable as can be find here . I be the only one who will pay they . the men : dan , a flamboyant drunk , do a dance as he load the raft . willis , a capable jamaican cook , load the food , in large basket . three other white men , desperado , who look like jurgen prochnow 's more frightening brother . mustachioe . one be a austrian name urquhart . Arthur manley have load a accordion onto the boat . fawcett step near the man , secure a parcel load improperly . he interrupt one of they try to tighten : * eh hhh + eh + h HH hf lose City of Z buff revision ( 10/25/15)34-35b . percy fawcett ( as he tighten the rope ; then look at all of they ) the river shall be we home for the next two year and we will not turn back . twelve hour a day and no less . music up : a sweet and melancholy song , played by indian . + h HH hf * 34 35 lose City of Z buff revision ( 10/25/15 ) 36 . ext . edge of the river - midday 34 fawcett , costin , manley , Willis , Dan , urquhart , the silent and tall desperado , tadjui and the 4 lejo indian push off on two large raft . Three SMALL hound accompany the men . a crowd have assemble around the group as they depart . the Indians sing a local folk song as they shove off . many of the brazilian infantry set off they Winchester into the air to celebrate . the indian women wave they goodby ... the baron and he texan gunman eye the man from higher up . the texan draw he finger across he neck , smile ... fawcett avert he gaze , look down at he map . we tilt down to see the word : '' unexplored '' . the river be ready . ext . ricardo franco hill 35 the group drift on they raft through a cavernous space , with eerie plateaus of the ricardo franco Hills on both side of the raft . fawcett 's men push with the bamboo pole through the water as fawcett survey . the camera pan past he note on flora and fauna and temperature and barometric reading , all painstakingly do . his attention , however , begin to be divide between he surveying and the astonish scenery around he . beautiful rainbow -colored fish swim in the river next to enormous eel . dan turn to costin , be the eel : dan they 's 11 shock you to death , that thing . other fish , the candiru - - they 'il swim right up you johnson -- so do not never be let loose in the river . henry costin ( wide smile ; sarcastic ) thank you so very much for that information . costin then reflexively touch he crotch . it be silent , so fawcett turn to manley , and , half - jokingly : percy fawcett can you play ? ( beat ) we do not want to be drive mad by the silence . fawcett point to manley 's accordion case . 36 lose City of Z Green revision set 09/30/2015 37 . arthur manley right , sir . manley take out he accordion . the sound echo , all over the space . manley plays a british war song . the accordion sound like a full orchestra here ... ext . the amazon jungle - the river - day 36 eerie quiet . surveying book : the map be be filled in , slowly but surely . tilt up : fawcett be take photograph . the Indians be assemble in one corner of one of the raft . tadjui play a zampona ( the incan pan flute ) . fawcett finish he work , and fold the tripod leg , observe the mailbag . he reach into he pocket and open up the letter from he wife . unwrap it , a picture fall out . a baby , along with jack and nina . a newborn with he family . costin pick it up : henry costin a new one , Major ? a boy ? percy fawcett it must be so . fawcett take the picture , look at it . henry costin congratulation . percy fawcett thank you , Mr. costin . he then pocket the photo . costin eye he . fawcett take the photo out again . percy fawcett ( cont ’d ) the boy 's name be '' Brian '' . henry costin Major , if I may venture a suggestion -- fawcett see costin point to the photo , then to he pocket . fawcett stare at costin , then , decide costin be right , nods once and put the photo back in he pocket : percy fawcett right , Mr. costin ... 37 lose City of Z goldenrod revision set 10/18/15 38 . ext . river - moment later 37 the two raft travel one right behind the other , as the overgrowth get lower and lower over the bank of this narrowing amazon tributary . they approach a abandon steamer on the river : a german ship , the antonia . from Hamburg , paint on its back . as this be happen , urquhart be on the flat raft , attempt to catch fish with the net . with he thick accent : urquhart nothing again ! not one fish ! it 's a desert - - a green desert ! percy fawcett pull it in , we will try further down . fawcett step onto the raft , to help urquhart pull the net in . simultaneous , on the batelon : arthur manley what on earth 's she do all the way out here ? percy fawcett ( turn back ) she 's come to load rubber , no doubt . ( to costin ) get we closer , Mr. costin ! maybe they 'il have news , or food for we ! henry costin look abandon to my eye ! as he steer , costin notice a black spot in he skin . uh - oh . dan ( as they get closer , see '' hamburg '' ) it 's german ! I say we go aboard and have a beer -- I bet they have real german beer , fresh from the cask ! but , as they get closer , they see something macabre : a lone man , maybe dead , maybe not , sit on the top of the boat , still . nude . stare at they , not move . the hull 's riddled with arrow . lose City of Z goldenrod revision set 10/18/15 38a . urquhart be he alive ? try to talk to he ! see where they be from in -- 38 39 lose City of Z Green revision set 09/30/2015 39 . and he freeze . fawcett , next to he , be momentarily bewilder . then : he sees a arrow in he back . urquhart spin off the raft , tangled in the fishing net . * all of a sudden : flying arrow . ferocious . and spear . come from the tree . we can not see any other indian , but they be there , in the forest . the flurry do not stop . all the man duck for cover . panic . the arrow come with tremendous and frightening force , some of they penetrate inch deep into the raft 's wood . costin push with he long bamboo pole . the raft begin to drift in a altogether different direction , away from the arrow . ext . CENTER of the river 38 fawcett be yanked into the river by urquhart , who be die * and have tangle the two of they in the fishing net . the arrow continue to fly . the raft tilt dangerously with the weight shift . costin tumble as well , but stay aboard , make sure the mapbook survive . he lose he journal book and other personal item in the mayhem , however , as the bag of photograph fall overboard : henry costin God damn it ! get they out ! * manley attempt to retrieve the net -- * int . underwater 39 fawcett be underwater , with urquhart atop he as the two * * struggle with the rope . fawcett untangle he foot from the rope and pull himself up , attempt to grab urquhart as he rise to the surface . one thing get in the way : piranhas . piranhas start nip at the man . the piranhas focus on urquhart , who be cut by the arrow -- the blood be attract they . the feed have begin to turn into a frenzy . get pinch by the fish as well -- though with nowhere near the ferocity , for he have no open wound -- fawcett be force to abandon urquhart and pull himself along the rope . lose City of Z Green revision set 09/30/2015 39a . costin grab fawcett and help pull he onto the raft . 40 4l lose City of Z buff revision ( 10/25/15 ) 40-43. ext . raft 40 fawcett get aboard the raft with more than a couple of piranhas still attach to he arm and leg . fawcett and costin swat away the piranhas and , courageously brave the still - constant stream of arrow , try to get urquhart aboard : percy fawcett come on , pull ! manley and the other help , with tadjui look on . fawcett finally succeed in pull urquhart up , onto the raft . and he be dead . his lower half have be completely devoure by the piranhas ... the raft finally pass the flurry of arrow and spear . the last flurry of spear hit near the raft without incident ... angle on fawcett . out of breath and spend beyond word . he sees he personal effect -- the letter , the family photograph , on the raft and soak . they have be spill during the chaos . percy fawcett ( cont ’d ) thank you for you aid , Mr. costin . costin nod . fawcett 's face wrinkle in anguish recognition of he article 's damage . he collect he thing . dissolve to : ext . the amazon jungle - shallow river bed - dusk 41 rain . silence . gloom . fear . all stumble , quietly , as they help pull the boat across shallow water . fawcett be still alert . the mapbook be get more and more complete ... virtually no more food in the container . the hound rummage alongside the raft , sniff at anything they can lick or chew . more bug : fly , mosquito , spider , maggot in the skin . costin , who have now grow very sick with fever , shiver in the rain as he can barely walk . manley vomit black fluid . hunched by the edge of the raft : arthur manley I ... I be sick ... I think I have malaria ... perhaps the sun shall bake the fever out of I ! % + eh lose City of Z buff revision ( 10/25/15)40-43A . Dan be hallucinate ; he mutter about he hallucination aloud : dan month on the river ! and -- so many beautiful flower ... Dan have maggot in he arm . dan ( cont 'd ) my maggot ... be they ... they be my friend ! he smile . fawcett see costin , who hide he own skin blemish , on he arm . costin make eye contact , pull down he sleeve : henry costin it 's nothing at all ... percy move to tadjui : percy fawcett be we close ? tadjul many week to go . the river still strong . fawcett look at he man , then back to tadjui : percy fawcett we will not survive another attack . if there be more dangerous tribe ahead -- tadjul the river be death . ( beat ) but you will see -- many people live here once . beautiful city of gold and maize . even older than English . with road and bridge . percy snap to attention . he look at tadjui as though he be completely mad . tadjui ( cont 'd ) deep , in the forest . all gold . it blaze , like fire . fawcett turn away , devastate by the prospect that tadjui be also go mad . under he breath : % 4 fh hhh HH fh HH * 42 lose City of Z buff revision ( 10/25/15)40-43b . percy fawcett Christ ... tadjul conquistador try to find it , many try . but the white man never find it ... reaching for he rifle , fawcett load it . pocket spare shell . tadjui start to scream : tadjui ( cont 'd ) I feel sorry for you , English ! soon I be free ! for the espanol and you , there be no escape from jungle -- only death ! willis the river 's come back ! pitch camp ! up ahead : a clearing . ext . by the campfire - night 42 the member of the group sit with they rifle aim into the darkness . they see the twinkles from the eye of animal out into that dark . the noise of the jungle frighten they beyond belief . then the jungle go silent . then the noise pick up again . terrify . even the hound be petrify . fawcett sit near the fire , rifle aim outward into the dark . costin , without he martini- Henry rifle , be cover in blanket . hushed , shivering . percy fawcett ( to costin , whisper ) Mr. costin ? Mr. costin , be you alert ? henry costin ( a morbid joke as he shiver ) I be , feel just fit as a fiddle . how you have manage to avoid any malady be utterly beyond I . percy fawcett ( approach costin , still whisper ) even the indian 's go mad now . ( more ) % + eh +e * hf % he hhh hf of hhh fhf hhh of + eh lose City of Z buff revision ( 10/25/15)40-43c . percy fawcett ( cont 'd ) he 's be go on about gold city . we should be prepare for anything . henry costin then I would suggest you keep you firearm close and ready , sir . percy fawcett ( nod ; then ) I would like you to read this to I . if you can . fawcett reach into he pocket . take out many envelope . sift through the letter . hand one to costin : percy fawcett ( cont ’d ) we may be at the end now and I believe it 's time . ( beat ) I be afraid it 's quite unbearable for I to read it myself . would you please ? costin wordlessly take it from fawcett , stare at fawcett . henry costin ( beat ) '' my dearest puggy - - '' percy fawcett feel free to summarize . henry costin I be hope you would say that ... she 's move the family to Devon , and in you absence be promote you name . you new son Brian be do well . and you older son Jack be excell , she say in all way ... fawcett be devastate hearing about all this . start to tear up . costin hold up the letter : henry costin ( cont ’d ) shall I continue ? fawcett gently take the letter from costin 's hand . he put the letter in the FIRE . fawcett watch it burn for a moment . we see the scribbled word on the paper as they get consumed by the FIRE . * % + eh + HH HH * +e % ee % lose City of Z buff revision ( 10/25/15)40-43d . fawcett watch the letter burn . he shake he head at the preposterousness : percy fawcett I see my son 's face in my dream now . ( sotto ) what a mistake to come here ... he grab he head , each palm of he hand on each side of he head . close he eye in anguish . as fawcett wipe tear from he face : henry costin Major -- I be not one for speech . and if I should die here , I know my name die with I . but I have fight as a soldier , and I have taste victory . what have you taste -- besides you unrealize dream ? if you allow yourself to perish here , you will have achieve nothing . now that my fever have come on , I may well not survive . indeed , I be of little use in my current state . but you must persevere . ( a sardonic smile ) and may I add , if you should manage to take I with you , I 'il not protest . percy fawcett ( he smile as the word sink in ; check he chronometer ) I shall endeavor to do both , Mr. costin . ( louder , to the group ) six hour rest . Dawn 's approach . Dan , collapse at the base of a tree nearby , beg fawcett : dan please , Mr. fawcett -- I be not fit . I , I think I might be near my end in this bloody hell . percy fawcett you can walk , can you not ? Dan can , but do not answer . fawcett take out he big knife . move up to Dan , put he blade to Dan 's throat : +e hf ff +e % he HH hhh hhh HH HH HH + HH HH hk +e hf % lose City of Z buff revision ( 10/25/15)40-43E . percy fawcett ( cont ’d ) if we die , we will die on we foot -- unless you prefer the knife . * 43 lose City of Z buff revision ( 10/25/15 ) 44 , ext . river - on the raft - narrow cavern 43 drizzling rain . close shot on fawcett . he’s got a wide - eyed stare , with dark and deep - set eye . fawcett may be frail , but he be at least mentally in control of himself -- unlike the other . costin be either unconscious or dead . percy fawcett Mr. costin ...? Mr. costin ? fawcett be visibly upset that costin do not answer . tadjui pray aloud ... manley be shiver terribly and cover with maggot ; he be sticking he tongue out , to catch the rain as it fall for hydration . Dan be mutter to himself , aloud ; he also stick out he tongue for the rain 's water . even the dog have go totally lethargic , and the carcass of one of they slide into the river . Willis rummages through the food basket . nothing but a couple of rotten fruit . he begin to cry : willis no more food ! ai not nothing leave -- nothing --— only a rotten banana remains . Willis charge for it ; Dan and he fight over it briefly . seeing this : fawcett get up , approach the man : percy fawcett stop it -- get -- we be not savage ! tadjui stop play the zampona . he stand . dan we be leave we bone here ! and for what ?!? a map ??? we be not even lookin’ for gold ! Dan step back , armed . he approach fawcett , dangerously close , with he rifle pointed at fawcett : 44 lose City of Z buff revision ( 10/25/15 ) 45 . dan ( cont 'd ) there could be war already and we would not even know it ! have you ever consider that ?! Dan turn to the other . he be ready to charge . mutiny ?!? dan ( cont 'd ) even if we get there , we be not makin 's it back with nothing in we belly ! ( turn back to fawcett , still direct to other ) let 's have at he ! fawcett look at the other . with the exception of costin and manley , both of whom now look unconscious if not dead , they all seem ready to charge at he . fawcett seem to steel himself . Dan take a step forward , and fawcett 's eye widen . then fawcett catch sight of costin -- who have turned toward US , holding he pistol ! ( Dan have he back to costin and can not see . ) Dan take a step toward fawcett , ready to do away with he , when -- costin fire ! Dan curl over with a stunning violence , blood pouring from he ear . Dan cup he ear with he hand , howling in pain . henry costin the next one I ’1l1 put between you eye ! and then : wordlessly , tadjui point . the other turn to look , one by one . emerging : the source of the verde river . the man be freeze in awe . ext . land near the source of the verde river 44 the water dribble from a small cliff , down into the base of the river . it be a beautiful sight . fawcett slowly take out he surveying equipment and the camera . henry costin ( proud , almost giddy ) we make it ! no one 's ever be here before ! no one ! no one !!! lose City of Z buff revision ( 10/25/15 ) 45a . percy fawcett prepare for the group photograph , Mr. costin ... costin take the camera and plant it on a tripod for the group photo , but he be so deplete he can barely move he limb . the other weakly get into position for the photo . Dan weep as he slide into he position . lose City of Z Green revision set 09/30/2015 46 . manley look around , then call out : arthur manley Major ... we have , we have lose the indian -- fawcett spin around . tadjui be indeed gone . as be the * other indian . fawcett see footprint , lead off into the * jungle . manley seem prime to track the footprint when * fawcett stop he . percy fawcett Mr. manley ! he get we here , do not * he ...? fawcett hear a subtle crunching noise in the brush . all be startled . take a quiet step forward . fawcett hold he finger to he lip - - " quiet ! '' and then duck into the brush . costin approach , see something , or at least think he do . turn to manley , who be stand next to he . whisper : henry costin be I dream it ? * arthur manley no -- I see it too . * long-len close shot on a deer . several yard away , about 30 , deeper into the forest . the deer be oblivious . fawcett have he gun train on it . the man now surround fawcett with the gun . fawcett be silently get ready to fire . the deer be chew grass . manley be praying to himself . Dan , also praying but aloud , be still panic : dan please ... Lord ... it 's we only chance ! willis ( whisper ) shut up ! close shot on fawcett 's eye as he ready the shot . close shot on the deer -- which seem to spot fawcett . the deer gallop away just as fawcett fire the gun . a tuft of smoke . the deer be go . 45 lose City of Z Green revision set 09/30/2015 47 . dan ( break down ) God damn you , you miss ! we will starve for sure ! without answer , fawcett charge up to where the deer be . ext . forest 45 the deer be here . on the ground . dead . fawcett hit it square in the head . the other have now join he around the animal . henry costin I could not have do that better myself . the man start to drag the deer to the riverbank . and onto the raft . percy fawcett start a fire . we will -- then fawcett freeze . he have see something . white as a ghost . costin approach , see it too . we CUT to reveal : cover with moss , unmistakably : a SMALL statue , perch atop a rock . fawcett walk to it . reach out . touch it . then take several step forward , as if to continue the mission deeper into the jungle . he sees : painting , on rock . he look to the ground , spotting shard of pottery , statue . he seem almost like a rabid dog . under he breath : percy fawcett ( cont ’d ) good Christ -- he spin around to the other : percy fawcett ( cont ’d ) there 's ... pottery -- right beneath we foot ! fawcett pocket it , start to dig . percy fawcett ( cont ’d ) it 's all over - - deep , in the ground ... 46 lose City of Z Green revision set 09/30/2015 48 . then he take a few more step . fawcett run he finger along a rock painting . percy fawcett ( cont ’d ) ( sotto ) my God , he be right -- ( beat ) the indian be right -- he start put all the pottery in he pocket ... rummaging in the mud , he be cover like a primate : percy fawcett ( cont ’d ) ( to the other ) the indian speak of this ! ( beat ) he be bloody right ! he be bloody right !!! ( charge up to costin ) Mr. costin , you say no one have ever be here before -- henry costin ( stunne ) yes , Chief . I -- I do -- percy fawcett no white man have , Mr. costin . no white men ! a beat as costin let it sink in . fawcett turn back to the brush . a hound follows he . through some vine , he sees a carve in stone - - or so he think . about to reach out to it . the hound lead the way a bit -- when -- a_ vicious , enormous black panther charge out of the jungle , right toward they ! it take the dog in its teeth ... fawcett and the man bolt , some yell in fear , away from the panther . ext . river - on the raft 46 close shot on fawcett as the mouth of the river recede ... percy fawcett we will follow the watersh and pray it bring we out . ( beat ) if we ever make it back , the world must know what we have find here ... * +h hk lose City of Z buff revision ( 10/25/15 ) 48a . henry costin that deer better have more meat on its bone than we do ... 47 48 lose City of Z Green revision set 09/30/2015 49 . ext . bolivian government build - british embassy - day 47 a magnificent building in busy downtown La paz . bustling . int . bolivian government build - day 48 a group of very comfortable british soldier be at work at they desk as one british secretary type at the front desk . smile , joke . then they stop . percy fawcett walk into the building . he look and smell like hell , filthy and unshaven and shaking like a leaf from malnutrition . Hair completely out of control , he beard at epic length . he approach a official ( cecil gosling ) at the front desk . the official , whose nose crinkle up -- presumably at the stench of fawcett -- seem bewilder . fawcett shake like a leaf ; be he mad ? cecil gosling May I ...help you , sir ? percy fawcett tell I please -- be there war , between Bolivia and Brazil ? i’11l fight if I be need . cecil gosling ( baffle ) War ? no , sir -- there 's no war . be there something we might do for you ? percy fawcett my name be Major percy fawcett . if you could , please contact my family through the Royal geographical Society , in London . slam ! fawcett dump a series of fray map notebook on the desk . he also empties he pocket of pottery shard . a british official ( " simon beauclerk '' ) with he back to we overhear this . he seem interested , turn . approach . meanwhile , fawcett be hurriedly throw everything on the desk : percy fawcett ( cont ’d ) I have the map here , they be , they be all complete ... ( more ) lose City of Z Green revision set 09/30/2015 49a . percy fawcett ( cont ’d ) and , and I find this , this bit of pottery , and statue , in the jungle - - a great discovery ... to be pursue ... lose City of Z Green revision set 09/30/2015 50 . simon beauclerk Major fawcett ? fawcett struggle even to nod : percy fawcett yes ...? entering , almost crawl in now , behind fawcett : costin , manley , willis . simon beauclerk I believe I get you order on my desk just last week . you be suppose to arrive here in July 1908 ? fawcett look up , see a calendar on the wall : '' august . '' percy fawcett ( devastate ) I be , I be so very sorry , it 's August ... we do the best we could - - most member of we party do not survive . simon beauclerk Major , it 's August 1907 . you be eleven month early . you have mapped the entire Verde tributary a year ahead of schedule . he and the other officer be astonished . another british Officer , see how frail fawcett look , run to get a chair and position it right behind fawcett : percy fawcett I can stand , thank you . a whole host of officer now seem to realize what 's go on and begin to gather around fawcett . cecil gosling Sir , should you like a bed ? some food , or a bath perhaps ? percy fawcett yes . for all of we . cecil gosling yessir . of course . 49 lose City of Z Green revision set 09/30/2015 51 . percy fawcett and I would like you to send a telegram to my wife , Mrs. Nina agnes fawcett -- hell verde conquered . and then fawcett 's eye roll back into he head . he collapse ... pre -lap a marching band play a upbeat song : CUT to : ext . port - dock - late day 49 it be late afternoon and the port be packed with people . a band play a MARCH and the mood be a absolute celebration . a boat be at the dock . off the boat come percy fawcett . a cheer . a heron welcome . he look through the crowd . he look for someone ... the crowd tries to touch he , doe touch he . pushing her way toward he : nina fawcett , holding a baby . it 's brian . her other hand hold the hand of she son jack , now significantly older . to the child , with a huge smile : nina fawcett there 's you father - - everyone 's here for he ! he 's the hero of the day ! percy make he way through the crowd and the two finally spot each other . he push . she push . as the shove continue , a random man at the port : random man at the port Major fawcett ! you have raise the Union Jack for all the world to see !!! fawcett finally get to she . a beat of silence as they look at each other , then : percy fawcett ( through happy tear ) you be the most beautiful woman I have ever see . nina fawcett you be different . and yet exactly the same . 50 51 lose City of Z White 7/31/15 52 . they embrace , kiss . intimate , through tear : percy fawcett I have miss you so much -- though God know , I try not to ... they separate . fawcett look down . Jack look at he with total dispassion : jack fawcett be you my father ? percy fawcett I be indeed , my son ! percy hug he so very tightly and burst into tear but : jack have virtually no reaction . percy register this ; the boy could care less . it be awkward ; percy smile disappear . so : stand next to percy be Brian : percy fawcett ( cont ’d ) and this be my little Brian ...? my little Brian !! come here -- come ! CUT to : close shot of a invitation . the Royal geographical Society invitation , to a dinner celebrate maj. percy fawcett . at the home of the honorable Mr. James Murray ... ext . jame murray mansion - london - night 50 a beautiful structure . a party , with music . int . murray mansion - foyer 51 two receive line : one for woman , one for man . percy and nina fawcett enter and immediately be greet by member of they own gender , but extremely warmly . ( this should be in mark contrast to the film 's open gala . ) fawcett be the toast of the town . Sir George goldie swallows he up , move he away from Nina . Nina and percy exchange bemuse look as he be pull away : sir GEORGE goldie percy ! come ... meet we host . he be most anxious to meet you . I must say , he be the most marvelous of man . a person of considerable ... resource . and of the finest stock . lose City of Z Blue revision set 8/19/15 53 . the door open , revealing : 52 int . murray live room 52 a magnificent room , with long table and sofa and beautiful painting on the wall . all men , dress in black tie . the top brass of the rgs : Sir John Scott keltie , Sir George goldie , other . and : mr. jame murray , fifty - five and dash , with gray hair and a well - trim mustache . we remember he somehow -- the cover of that newspaper ! cigar be smoke . the air be thick with wealth and decorum . it could not be further from the jungle here , as servant place cup with saucers down in perfect synchronized rhythm . jame murray Major fawcett -- what a honor ! what a honor ! everyone 's talk about you mission . just remarkable , a real triumph ! sir GEORGE goldie Major , this be Mr. James Murray . percy fawcett how do you do . jame murray very well , very well ... welcome to the inner circle ! Murray put he arm around fawcett , cheerfully . a53 int . dine room - moment later a53 the man and woman , seat around a large and elegant table . jame murray I read you editorial in the Times this morning -- about the slave trade in the Americas . truly enlighten . poor savage . percy fawcett the native do deserve we sympathy . we have only just scratch the surface in amazonia . lose City of Z Blue revision set 8/19/15 53a . jame murray yes , certainly , there 's much more territory to be chart ! ( more ) lose City of Z White 7/31/15 54 . jame murray ( cont 'd ) you know , I be a biologist and explorer myself -- I be second - in - command to Mr. shackelton on he antartica expedition . percy fawcett I do not think there 's anyone here who 's not well aware of you achievement , Mr. Murray . you have distinguished yourself with great bravery . jame murray ( a bit of false modesty ) oh , it 's nothing compare to amazonia . surveying the amazon 's always be a great goal of mine . percy fawcett I would hope the rgs continue its pursuit . but I believe mapmake should be of secondary interest now . I witness many archeological sighting of great significance . some guy interrupt murray . he be william barclay , thirty - one ( more from he later ) : william barclay Mr. Murray ! Murray turn to talk to he ; Sir John Scott keltie move in . to fawcett ; sotto : sir JOHN scott keltie my friend -- you recent exploit have open every door to you -- so I would suggest keep such sighting to yourself . of course , no one here would dispute you believe you see it . but a trip like that -- very hard on the mind . very hard . the evening change now for fawcett . he darken . percy fawcett Sir John , my mind be perfectly fit -- and thank heaven , still open . fawcett step away from keltie and eye jame murray , hold court . other around he laugh at a joke we cannot hear . then , be a painting behind he : + h hk 53 lose City of Z White 7/31/15 55 . jame murray I have paint this work . all of the home be my work -- this sculpture as well ... int . fawcett london home - fawcett 's office - day 53 it be filled with artifact -- from amazonia , from ceylon , from other exotic location : spear , indian blanket , pottery , incan attire . and the buddha . the tick - tock and go of a grandfather clock ... Young jack excitedly leaf through he father 's scrapbook , wear a piece of amazonian indian headgear . he be fascinate . toddler Brian pull out some indian necklace . percy enter : percy fawcett boy -- this be not you toy . if you wish to play you may go outside . if you wish to remain , you must sit quietly . we pan over to reveal Nina enter the room . she move to give Brian he milk . a beat , then : nina fawcett you might think to donate much of this to the rgs . they can preserve it better than we can . percy fawcett ( look at she ; beat ) I be not go to do that . nina fawcett ( surprised , confuse ) why not ? percy fawcett they believe I be craze , prone to hallucination . they value only the survey work . they do not respect my archeological discovery at all . nina fawcett ( be : pottery on the desk ) then I suggest you either ignore they or you prove you case , in public . you have that piece as evidence . you can show they . ( more ) +e HH oh * * 54 lose City of Z pink revision set 8/24/15 56 . nina fawcett ( cont 'd ) and if we must , we shall find more evidence . ( beat ) then we shall find more evidence . as they will noy yet allow a womamn through the door of they august establishment , we will look elsewheere and prove you case in public . angle on fawcett . his face lighten . percy fawcett if they only know ... you would be the true cause of they envy . int . trinity college library - dublin - archive 54 it be the dark and vast archive of the fame library . fawcett be in the stack , look through material . superimpose : '' february 1909 . '' he take out some folder , walk over to the big table where Nina sit , she hand full of ancient paper . fawcett sit down across from she , begin to look through the item in he own folder . percy fawcett Arrow drawing , mean to represent fractional distance , evidence of advanced mathematics . it 's incredible ... ( to Nina ) I should have engage the Indians more directly -- they no doubt have a great deal to teach I . no response from Nina , who have be sifting through another set of old and fray document , letter , writings . she seem to have stop . stare at one yellowed piece of paper , for second on end . percy fawcett ( cont ’d ) cheeky ? ( beat ) cheeky , do you hear I ? Nina do not look over at fawcett . she do not move , just stare at that paper . at last , Nina look at fawcett . percy fawcett ( cont 'd ) what be it ? * + h hk % lose City of Z pink revision set 8/24/15 56A . nina fawcett I believe you have get you proof . at that moment , the camera tilt down to reveal the yellowed document . then we hear : 55 lose City of Z White 7/31/15 57 . int . royal geographical society - auditorium 55 the room be packed with dozen of scientist and explorer from across Europe . civilian line the balconies . in the first level , we notice that men sit with each other , and what few women there be sit in a separate section , fan themselves . percy fawcett be in front of the room , near jame murray ; nina show up , sit in the women 's section . * henry costin and arthur manley enter , all smile , and go to they seat . sir JOHN scott keltie , the secretary of the * rgs , and sir GEORGE goldie be next to fawcett , in great humor . % sir GEORGE goldie revel in this , my dear boy . you will relive it with you child until the end of you day . + eh percy fawcett yes , Sir George . I shall try . % keltie have step up to the podium and be bang on the * hammer : sir JOHN scott keltie * gentlemen , good afternoon . hoot , hollers , cheer . wild applause . ( the meeting be like a rowdy british parliament meeting , with interruption and yell par for the course . ) sir JOHN scott keltie ( cont ’d ) * I should like to introduce one of we brother , whose achievement be well - know here and not inconsiderable -- the honorable Mr. James Murray ! rousing applause . a beaming James Murray stand : jame murray I meet a remarkable man but a few * month ago upon he return from a place no one here have ever venture . ( more ) lose City of Z White 7/31/15 58 . jame murray ( cont 'd ) Major percy fawcett have demonstrate -- to I , at least -- that there be a place where the explorer can go forth and exhibit perseverance , energy , courage , forethought , and all that quality of a explorer of the time now pass away . gentlemen , I give you ... major percy fawcett ! as fawcett stand , amidst cheer , we overhear a whisper from * William Barclay : * murmur . stand in the crowd : william barclay * now for fairy tale from the resident Buddhist ! percy fawcett my esteem colleague ... it be now my firm belief that amazonia be far more than the green desert many of we have suppose . I be propose a that amazonia contain a hide civilization - - one that may well predate we own . skepticism . the room be restless . interrupt , % william barclay Major fawcett , I be Mr. William Barclay , of bedford . I have be in South America . + eh percy fawcett Mr. Barclay . % william barclay * to be clear : be you insist on mythical kingdom of gold ? that * fantasy lure the conquistadors to destruction -- * percy fawcett sir -- it be the conquistadors and we who have be destroy amazonia . this be a crime that must be stop . I have see with my own eye evidence of they civilization and I assure you it be real -- random scientist * what be you point ? * lose City of Z yellow revision set 8/6/15 59 . percy fawcett perhaps it be too difficult for some of you to admit . we , who have be steepe in the bigotry of the Church for so long , can not give much credence to a '' older civilization '' -- particularly one create by a race the white man have so brutally condemn to slavery and death . yet we must engage with this race , to come to know they and learn from they , understand there custom and language -- william barclay savage , in westminster Abbey ! laughter . percy , shouting the first word : percy fawcett hence you disrespect -- but I ask you , what be at stake ? if we may learn of a city where one be consider impossible to exist , it might well write a whole new chapter in human history . man would be show as a conqueror of he environment and not a slave to it ! outright booing now . fawcett shout over the boo : percy fawcett ( cont ’d ) consider my evidence ! my sighting of statue and archeological find ! fawcett hold up a piece of pottery : percy fawcett ( cont ’d ) antiquity as sophisticated as any in Asia or Europe , in the middle of the jungle ! random scientist # 2 pot and pan , pot and pan ! many in the room begin to chant , '' pot and pan ! '' costin , who be find all of this most amusing , lean forward , cup he hand around he mouth and scream : henry costin shut you hole ! lose City of Z yellow revision set 8/6/15 59a . then laugh riotously at he own outburst . fawcett continue , himself most amused at the riot he 's cause : percy fawcett ( yell above the crowd ) and after my return from the jungle , I have examine a signal document dating from the conquistadors . ( more ) lose City of Z White 7/31/15 percy fawcett ( cont 'd ) it state explicitly the discovery of a lose city in amazonia ! uncover earlier this week , a copy in the archive of trinity College in Dublin . its original from Rio De Janeiro , write by a portugese soldier . " historical account , large , hide ancient city , 1753 . we come upon ruin of a ancient city , bedeck with gold . Stone archway , road , temple , ancient symbol . '' william barclay El dorado ! percy fawcett no , gentleman -- I call it '' Z " '' -- the ultimate piece of the human puzzle ! it be there and we must find it ! James Murray stand . shout , point : jame murray mr . fawcett ! I say we return ! we will go and find the glory !!! what say you ?!? fawcett beam . he point back to murray : percy fawcett mr . murray , I will meet that challenge ! I will go back ! fawcett look around the room . which begin to explode . percy fawcett ( cont ’d ) mr. costin ! I see you , seated up there ! costin stand , pointing directly at fawcett : henry costin mr . fawcett ! that jungle be hell -- but -- ( smile ) but one kind of like it ! I will return ! percy fawcett Mr. manley ! what say you ?!? arthur manley I will indeed , sir ! I am with you ! 60 . + eh * 56 lose City of Z White 7/31/15 61 . nina stand , clapping . angle on henry costin and arthur manley , here too , as they stand on they foot , applaud . jame murray be bask , a king here . other jeer , however . slightly humble , William Barclay sit down . percy fawcett remain stand at the podium , determine , now even somewhat amused by the insanity he 's cause ... int . fawcett london home - bedroom - night 56 percy and Nina , in bed . Dark . a beat . they be touch each other 's hand . it should have the mood of be post - coital . it be raining outside . after a beat : percy fawcett I have such high hope , cheeky ... ( beat ) Mr. James Murray have add immeasurably to the luster of we mission . and ... with he participation , I genuinely believe we may have acquire the key to immortality . angle on nina as she ponder mention something . and then : nina fawcett ( ready herself ) I ...do believe I be quite ready to accompany you on you next journey as well . fawcett be surprised and flummox : percy fawcett what ...? nina fawcett the child will be off to school by the time it would begin . and I have learn to read the star and navigate , and become very well - verse in the history of the region . ( beat ) after all , it be I who find the document . % * + HH HH hk lose City of Z White 7/31/15 62 . percy fawcett ( dumbfounded ; stutter -- with a laugh ) that would be --impossible . it 's not a place at all for a woman . she sit up : nina fawcett not a place ? we believe firmly in the equality between we . so do he , now : percy fawcett Equality , yes - - of course . but in mind , not in body . the rigor of such a trip would be beyond you imagination . she turn away from he , turn onto the edge of the bed . beat . then , with she back to he : nina fawcett I believe it be generally acknowledge that the pain a woman experience in childbirth far exceed anything a man must endure . percy fawcett this be not about childbirth -- nina fawcett what do you know of childbirth ? have you witness a minute of it , much less endure it ? he get up , out of the bed , walk to face she . kneel : percy fawcett cheeky -- the jungle be year of hard work and experience in the art of soldier . it 's about maggot in you skin , and deadly snake , and disease . I love you and I could not bear that . ( beat ) the child need they mother . she get up , off the bed , walk to she dresser . he stand , do not approach she ( instead , stay close to the bed ) . * * lose City of Z White 7/31/15 63 . nina fawcett somehow I be able to bear the danger you face , the year you be go . this way , we might be together -- percy fawcett you be my wife . I need you here , not as a tentmate in need of constant care . be reasonable . she turn to he , flush with anger : nina fawcett you will throw '' reasonable '' in my face ? percy fawcett ( simultaneous ) I be simply speak the truth -- she approach he , strong and evince a centeredness : nina fawcett be it reasonable to stay here and struggle to provide for the child while you wander the jungle ? now you have no relationship with they whatsoever . and you have give no think to my aspiration . he turn away from she , he hand slice the air as he make he point : percy fawcett Men and woman have each perform they role since the beginning of time . this be a cornerstone of we civilization . a man do not take he wife into the most dangerous place in the world on a whim ! nina fawcett I do expect more understanding from you and I be disgrace by you ignorant posture ! Young jack enter . he stare at the quarreling couple . he grab onto he mother' leg with a ferociousness : nina fawcett ( cont 'd ) I be all right , darling . you father and I be just have a discussion . 57 lose City of Z White 7/31/15 64 . Jack will not let go of he mother as he stare at he father : nina fawcett ( cont 'd ) ( to Jack ) it 's late , Jack . return to you bed . I will come tuck you in ina moment . Jack will not budge . jack fawcett mother , I love you . nina fawcett jack ! please ! the child finally let go and leave the room . she turn back to percy . a long beat . then she move to he , take he hand . nina fawcett ( cont 'd ) I have not prepare myself for the jungle , it be true ... they come together . softly , emotional : nina fawcett ( cont 'd ) ( emotional ; sotto ) I could not bear that you might think my dream ridiculous ... the sound of the jungle begin to build . louder and louder . smash CUT to : ext . the amazon jungle - raining 57 superimpose : '' mato grosso region , brazil . 1912 '' . the party hack away . fawcett , costin , manley , two indian man , and James Murray , bring up the rear . two mule , two horse , three dog . fawcett lead and be ferocious , hack as if he be swatting bee , with a giant machete in one hand and a map in the other . ( fawcett be look slightly native . ) percy fawcett ( call out ) one hundred twenty - one mile until oviedo 's last mark ! ( to costin ) ( more ) * * +e hf * lose City of Z Green revision set 09/30/2015 65 . costin have stop , be examine himself . henry costin damn this thing ... fawcett then look down at costin 's arm . he 's get maggot eat he flesh . and a inection which have begin in he nostril -- espundia . fawcett pause . henry costin ( cont ’d ) my nose now , too . do not you ever get so much as a bee sting ? percy fawcett ( still to costin ; joke ) Mr. costin , do you not know I have not my equal for virtue in the service ? the insect honor this ! fawcett be immediately on the move again , slide down a muddy path toward the river . Way behind he : Murray be struggle . the weight of the backpack . percy fawcett ( cont ’d ) where 's Mr. Murray ? arthur manley bring up the rear , Chief . call out : percy fawcett Mr. Murray ! a voice from way behind : murray : jame murray yes , Major fawcett ! percy fawcett how be you manage ? jame murray ( huffing and puffing ) very well , Major ! acquire many sample ! but -- but my pack 's get quite heavy ! perhaps ... I ought to leave some of my accoutrement behind ! percy fawcett you do not want to be ill-equipped for the journey ahead ! you ’1ll need all you can carry ! +e * hf * lose City of Z Green revision set 09/30/2015 65a . jame murray of course ! I be speak merely of my extra clothes ! they be slow I down a touch , that 's all ! ( more ) 58 lose City of Z goldenrod revision set 10/18/15 66 . jame murray ( cont 'd ) I be sure to be move better if I might lose they ! fawcett look back at Murray , who be lag way behind : percy fawcett very well -- when we get to the river . but you must keep one change of clothes and you mattress ! henry costin bugger probably wish he be back on the South pole ... fawcett stop . turn around : percy fawcett ( almost peeve at costin ) Mr. costin , he 's prove he valor beyond doubt when you and I be wet behind the ear . ( beat ) he 'il pull he weight soon enough . henry costin and what weight . ( sotto ) he 'il wind up bring we down with he , I tell you ... fawcett continue to chop away . the group reach the riverbank . ext . the amazon river - cloudy day 58 the Group be in canoe . quiet , except for manley : arthur manley we have get ahead of the other ... jame murray a magnificent view , Mr. fawcett . percy fawcett ( more ) 59 lose City of Z goldenrod revision set 10/18/15 67 . percy fawcett ( cont 'd ) you will see great sight than this , I promise you ... jame murray the think thrill I , Major ! I assure you , it thrill I ! Murray then put he handkerchief in the water . henry costin I do not advise that . we do not know what 's in that water yet . Murray nod , stop what he be do . beat . all of a sudden : arrow ! arrow and spear rain down on the man . jame murray savage ! Arm yourselves ! murray take out he rifle . in fact , all the men-- save fawcett - - take out they rifle and FIRE into the AIR . fawcett see the Indians through the tree . costin look up and down : henry costin we be surround ! fawcett spin he head around . they seem doomed . the gun be firing , in the AIR . the arrow come , fast and furious . angle on fawcett as he seem to think of something ... fawcett yell to he comrade : percy fawcett hold you fire ! hold you FIRE ! the canoe halt on the bank and the man get out , move through the water to the : ext . opposite riverbank 59 murray move near the riverbank , hide from the arrow under tree branch . jame murray look for cover , man ! fawcett instruct Arthur manley to : 60 lose City of Z Green revision set 09/30/2015 68 . percy fawcett Mr. manley ! play you accordion ! arthur manley my accordion --?!? percy fawcett '' Soldiers of the Queen , '' come on ! arthur manley all due respect sir , they seem likely to skin we alive ! percy fawcett Mr. manley ! do as I say ! ( to everyone ) everyone -- '' Soldiers of the Queen '' ! a '' yes , sir , '' could be hear . manley begin to play , and the whole party begin to sing : the entire party in the fight for England 's glory , lad , of its worldwide glory let we sing ! fawcett then unty the handkerchief around he neck and wave it above he head at the Indians . no effect . ext . river 60 fawcett enter the water again . waving he handkerchief . the river get deeper . he stop somewhere near the middle , with the river around he armpit . the arrow and spear do not stop coming . he wade directly into the fusillade of arrow . he repeat , over and over , in portuguese and other dialect : percy fawcett ( subtitle ) friend ! friend ! friend ! the arrow keep come , faster than ever . several come incredibly close , zoom right by he head . we can even hear a zipping SOUND . but fawcett brave it nonetheless , hold a surveying book in front of he face to protect it from the arrow . thwack ! a arrow hit the surveying book , in front of he face ! fawcett stand there , a man between two side of the river , between two world maybe , and close he eye . aél1 b6él 61 62 lose City of Z Green revision set 09/30/2015 69 . the water surround fawcett 's armpit ; no one move . CUT to : ext . ceylon beach aél1 a flash of shot , over which we still hear the sound from the jungle : 1 . a shot of the buddha - a statue , surround by dark vine ; a colored ribbon be tied to it , blowing in the wind 2 . a shot of nina and percy - on the beach . holding hand . 3 . a shot of a buddhist priest - stand in front of they . a whispered voice ( v.o. ) I will take the pansil ... I vow not to kill or injure any live thing ... nor to take that which be not give ... CUT back to : ext . river b6él then : the arrow and spear stop . fawcett open he eye . the sound return - - except that it 's go quiet . a guarayo indian peer out from the forest . ext . river 61 paddle out toward fawcett in a raft , the guarayo take the handkerchief from fawcett ; fawcett motion to be take across , and the two go to the indian side with fawcett kneel humbly on the flimsy float . the whole group wait in silence for fawcett , who disappear into the forest . jame murray ( to the other , loud ) all of you ! should the red man attack , keep you eye on I ! rally to I at all cost ! ext . riverbank —- moment later 62 moment later : the indian emerge , cheerfully wear fawcett 's stetson hat . panic ! be fawcett dead ?!? then : +e HH oh * 63 lose City of Z Green revision set 09/30/2015 69a . fawcett emerge too , smile . he wave to he man . jame murray ( to himself ) good God . the group , include Murray , all venture across the river . ext . guarayos campfire area 63 the man slowly approach the area . human skull abound . a human be 's body be be cooked on a spit . the troops be spook . Murray , in particular , seem appal . percy fawcett I recognize a bit of the chief 's language . it 's safe for we . jame murray be you mad ?!? they be cannibal ! percy fawcett I recognize you reluctance and I sympathize . ( more ) 64 lose City of Z Green revision set 09/30/2015 70 . percy fawcett ( cont 'd ) but I be ask you to trust my experience - - we must attempt to engage . jame murray ( incredulous ) they have cook a body , for chrissake ! have you go insane ? percy fawcett it 's a dead member of the tribe - - he spirit will enter they if they eat it . it 's they custom . ( to the whole group ) they may have critical information about we destination . jame murray ( to the other ) they 'il kill we , this savage ! ( to himself ) I refuse this madness . I refuse it ! manley , costin , and the other look at fawcett as though he be insane as well . murray start to back away , toward the forest . jame murray ( cont ’d ) madness ! fawcett see the other agree with Murray to a degree . he do not respond , and a brief look of madness , of possession , flash across he face . so instead he walk to : int . guarayos tent 64 the other man eventually , reluctantly follow fawcett into the tent -- though conspicuously miss be murray . pack with both we guy and the guarayos now . a beat of silence , then , to costin : percy fawcett can you give they something ? henry costin yes -- yes , of course . costin stupidly strike _a_match , and though panicked , the Indians calm quickly when fawcett take out a glitter necklace : lose City of Z Green revision set 09/30/2015 70a . percy fawcett ( subtitle ) no -- it 's a gift ! a gift ! for you . and you -- you son ? lose City of Z White 7/31/15 71 . the Chief guarayo , sit next to a boy , gesture to he . percy fawcett ( subtitle ) ( cont ’d ) yes , wonderful ... I have son , too . the Chief smile , point to costin , manley . fawcett laugh : percy fawcett ( cont ’d ) ( cont ’d ) no no , my son be far away . chief guarayo ( subtitle ) how can you be so far from they ? percy fawcett ( he smile disappear ) we world be not like yours ... another guarayo , a woman , respond : guarayo woman ( subtitle ) all people be make of the same clay . the Chief take a crush berry compound and gesture to fawcett around he eye . fawcett comply , spread the dark red mixture on he face . then one of the guarayos reach for costin 's arm . at first , costin have trepidation , then allow the man to grab he forearm . the guarayo whistle loudly , in a strange pitch . and the maggot in costin 's arm stand up . the guarayo simply squeeze gently and the maggot fall on the ground . costin 's arm_is cure of the maggot --! costin tries to whistle like the guarayo but cannot : percy fawcett not sure we have the touch . ( back to the guarayo ; subtitle ) we be look for old house , many house , many many people , deep into the forest . do you know of this ? the guarayo speak in he native tongue . then , to costin : percy fawcett ( cont ’d ) he 's hear rumor , but be uncertain . further down the river , he believe there 's 1l be other who can help we . 65 66 lose City of Z Green revision set 09/30/2015 72 . then another guarayo motion to he mouth . food . percy fawcett ( subtitle ) ( cont ’d ) food--y -- thank you ! angle on the chief as we go to : ext . riverbank 65 a guarayo crush a plant with a stone and let the juice spill into the water . a milky cloud form . after a moment , dozen of fish rise to the surface , gasp . a guarayo boy wade into the water and pull out the biggest . fawcett , who have be make he own face up with bead , bow he head in thanks as he take the fish . fawcett turn and look at the water . henry costin my GOD ! it 's only stunne they ! they do not kill any more than they have to ! ' S remarkable ! the other fish that the boy do not withdraw from the water swim away . ext . guarayos tent —- clearing 66 a thunderstorm be come . fawcett , with he makeup look native now , walk into the clear , and in front of he he see that here be thousand of Indians live about . a astonish discovery . and they be not just savage . they have advanced method of farming ; maize grow as far as the eye can see . costin approach : henry costin we seem to have lose Mr. Murray . percy fawcett they have make the jungle into farmland somehow . all the family be work together -- and there be no rank or superiority among they . it 's truly humbling . henry costin Chief -- percy fawcett design at right angle , mathematical in its precision . ( more ) * 67 lose City of Z Green revision set 09/30/2015 73 . percy fawcett ( cont 'd ) it confirm so much of what we believe . ( to costin ) can you imagine what we lose city must be like ...? henry costin Chief , do you hear I about Mr. Murray ? you great polar explorer 's go lose in the tree -- percy fawcett Mr. Murray be a accomplish man - - we be not to fret over he . and anyhow , he can not have go very far . tell the man I have design new raft -- the canoe be riddled with arrow and useless now . we ’1ll be off on foot in the morning ... fawcett walk into the field of maize . the wind blow the plant , and fawcett be a incongruous figure amidst the guarayos , who tend to the crop . costin watch as fawcett approach the leader of the guarayos and teach he to handshake . a goodbye of sort ... chief guarayo ( subtitle ) you may stay here with we . join you spirit to ours . percy fawcett ( subtitle ) ( a beat ; awe ) you honor I beyond word . but it be not yet time for I to rest . ext . jungle - morning 67 Murray be asleep on the ground . he have get lose . strewn nearby : he machete , all the photo of he family . sitting in the mud . food eat , the wrapping all over . turkish cigarette butt ... he awaken to see fawcett and the rest of the group , approach he . fawcett see all the food 's be eat . to Murray , fawcett must appear a strange figure -- with he face paint , now slightly streak from the rain like tear ... jame murray thank God you have find I --i -- I get lose . ( more ) lose City of Z Green revision set 09/30/2015 74 . jame murray ( cont 'd ) I do not think we have survive in the presence of that horrible savage . my clothes and mouth -- full of grit ! percy fawcett you will be look after . we must be on we way now -- but then : fawcett reach down , find : a empty BOX of caramel . inside the lid : '' for you journey , darling , I love you . Nina '' . a fawcett family photo be include . something change in fawcett . darken . percy fawcett ( cont ’d ) this ... be from my wife and child ... ( beat ) for all of we . jame murray yes -- I know -- I be hungry ! it be suppose to be just a short rest . the scrub 's incredibly dense and I fall . I think I have a terrible fever ... a beat . and then fawcett look like he be about to explode . his eye bulge with rage : percy fawcett get up . fawcett turn , ferociously hack a branch with a machete . jame murray Mr. fawcett -- just one more moment of rest ... I be very tired -- fawcett freeze . spin back around . rage : percy fawcett you be tired ? you have no right to be tired ! ( beat ) my own son -- at they tender age -- could be count on more than you . I could be with they at this very moment , yet I be here with you , to attempt great thing . he collect himself , bend down again . privately : 68 lose City of Z Green revision set 09/30/2015 75 . percy fawcett ( cont ’d ) you steal from the group and violate we trust . I will not have this again . jame murray ( shocked ) how dare you speak to I that way ! have you see my leg ? have you ?!? fawcett look down : Murray 's leg have a gash . fawcett bend down , look at the wound . the other man surround Murray . Murray 's thing have scattered all over the jungle . percy fawcett it 's not yet infect , but if blood * poisoning should set in , you will be a dead man . ( beat ) if you have stay with the group and trust the so-called savage , you have be feed -- and cure . as it be , we have get to hope for the best . jame murray ( at a loss for word ) yes , well , I 'il , I ’11l do that ! angle on murray as fawcett walk away . he be steaming . ext . the river 68 they be rafting . dizzy . Murray be shivering , very sick , a mess . maggot have overwhelm he leg . fawcett and costin be maneuver the raft . * bump ! the raft shift with the river 's flow . Murray and * costin fall off the raft . costin know what to do ; he start * swim to shore . Murray do not . * percy fawcett * swim to shore ! the water 's too * rough for piranhas ! * instead , Murray attempt to hold onto the raft and threaten * to capsize it . percy fawcett ( cont ’d ) I say , swim to shore ! the raft start to shift . fawcett be enraged : lose City of Z Green revision set 09/30/2015 75a . percy fawcett ( cont ’d ) God damn it ! ( beat ) ( more ) 69 lose City of Z Green revision set 09/30/2015 76 . percy fawcett ( cont ’d ) let go ! you pink -ey weakling -- let go ! the raft tip , and two crate of supplies go tumbling * overboard . manley try to stop they , to no avail ... * ext . shore 69 fawcett direct the raft to the shore use a bamboo pole . the raft bump up against the riverbank . everyone have congregate . all be out of breath . fawcett eye Murray with utter contempt . arthur manley * we have just lose a third of we * ration ! * percy fawcett * ( glaring at Murray ) * get to the city and back be already go to be difficult . jame murray for heaven 's sake , I be drown ! do not you see ?!? percy fawcett there be no chance of that ! and this after you take we food ! jame murray I suppose the honorable course of action would be for I to starve , then ? be that it ? be that what you wish for ? my death ?!? fawcett , to costin : percy fawcett where be we now , do we know ? be we behind we schedule ? henry costin * yes . we be -- * jame murray you be entirely without mercy ! you could at least slow down to give a lame man a chance for he life ! still not pay attention to Murray , fawcett remain fix on costin . see a couple of abandoned hut behind costin : lose City of Z Green revision set 09/30/2015 76a . percy fawcett pitch camp here for the night , we will determine we progress . 70 lose City of Z Green revision set 09/30/2015 77 . jame murray and now you ignore I ! ext . camp - dusk 70 one of the horse start to collapse . look very ill . a crewmember turn to the other , shouting : crewmember horse down ! the crewmember take out he gun , shoot the horse . across the FIRE : Murray have a fever . truly sick : swollen , distend , in terrible shape - - cover with maggot . a colorful snake hang from a tree over he head . he moan over and over , shiver . to a noncomprehend indian , he get delirious : jame murray I be go to die too , just like that horse . I be a man of property ... now worth as much as that horse ... seeing the maggot , tear come to murray 's eye . completely sick , dying , delirious : jame murray ( cont ’d ) the affrontery of this upstart , and he vulgar quest for glory ... like a juda ... deliver I over to this jungle when he hand over we Lord , to be crucify ... Father , forgive I this trespasp , as we forgive they that trespass against we ... but ... but let I not compare myself to thee , my Lord . you have deliver I from other evil , Lord . the fierce cold in Antarctica , be I weak then ? ( strain smile through tear ) he be not even worthy to kiss the hem of my garment , Lord . even as I be not worthy to touch yours ... give I strength to survive , to forgive this man he sin against I ... several yard away * * lose City of Z Green revision set 09/30/2015 78 . costin come over to fawcett , who be stand near the fire . ponder ... something . manley be here , too . henry costin we be about two week behind we plan pace . that 's my best guess , from the sextant and the * chart . * in the background , James Murray let out a moan . arthur manley it appear we Mr. Murray 's get blood poisoning now . percy fawcett yes ... I have notice that . ( beat ) so much for he good bloodline . henry costin I catch he with we maize yesterday morning . he claim it be from he own private store . + eh fawcett move closer . sotto voce , look at Murray : percy fawcett I fool myself for some time , but no longer -- the man be a cancer . if * we keep he with we we will not survive , much less reach the city and return to we family . henry costin I say we ditch he , leave he to rot . I have want to from the beginning . his lordship 's a coward and a thief . * arthur manley I be in agreement , Major - - there be not two set of rule , one for the high and one for the low . henry costin * what 's it go to be , Chief ? * fawcett eye Murray . lose City of Z Green revision set 09/30/2015 78a . moment later percy approach murray , around whom fly swarm . Murray eye fawcett suspiciously : jame murray what be it ...? lose City of Z Green revision set 09/30/2015 79 . fawcett speak deliberately , almost as if prove a case ina courtroom . in measure and careful tone , like a speech he have prepare : percy fawcett when travel in the jungle without other resource , every man must realize that if he fall sick and cannot move with the other that there must be consequence . the other can not wait and die with he . ( beat ) do you understand ? Murray seem to get it . a awkward beat , then : Murray start to grip he revolver . jame murray you be only here -- all of you -- because of the fund I provide ! costin whip he shotgun out , point it directly at Murray . pushes the shotgun up against he cheek . a tense moment . percy fawcett many of we have family back home . and I can not allow you to further jeopardize the welfare of we entire party . ( to costin ) Mr. costin . as costin take Murray 's revolver from he : jame murray you do not care one whit about I or the rest of we party , Mr. fawcett . you do not even care about return home -- you only care about find you bloody city ! percy fawcett there be some in we group that would have I abandon you here and leave you to die . but I will not . there be mining encampment south of we , along the river . in the morning you will be on you way to they . i’11 give you we last horse with what supplies we can spare and a indian to guide you . 71 72 lose City of Z Green revision set 09/30/2015 80 . jame murray you will pack I off with a bloody swamp wog , will you ? ( beat ) this calm willingness to abandon I be a queer thing to hear from a englishman . but it do not surprise I , as I have now sufficiently gauge you class and character . ext . jungle - morning 71 Murray be place atop a mule . manley and costin have train they gun on he . fawcett notice murray' infected knee . percy fawcett godspeed , Mr. Murray -- jame murray ( interrupt , with rage ) let 's hope we path do not ever cross again , Mr. fawcett . for you sake . with that , Murray ride off . fawcett and the other watch as the mule disappear into the jungle . henry costin good riddance , I say . arthur manley any chance for he , Chief ? percy fawcett slim , to be sure . but it 's the best we could do ... ( beat ) let we go . ext . canyon - dusk 72 fawcett lead the man as they slide down a steep canyon . the rain come . lightning . the rumble of thunder . fawcett look up , through heavy downpour : sees what he think be a massive stone face carve into the wall of the canyon . a _godlike vision . lose City of Z Green revision set 09/30/2015 81 . then , a roar . the '' stone face '' carve into the wall of the canyon seem to crumble amidst the downpour ... fawcett seem in a trance when -- henry costin Chief ! percy fawcett yes , I see it ! we be close now ! the man be soaked . frozen . panting . fawcett , however , be ready to keep moving : henry costin all we reserve be lose ! the camera tilt down . costin and the other have flung over the ration crate . inside , the ration be cover with oil . ruine : henry costin ( cont ’d ) they be cover in paraffin ! the bloody bastard destroy they ! ( beat ) we have get to head back ! percy fawcett we can not ! we have nothing to show for we effort -- no evidence -- henry costin major ! with what little we have get on we back , death would be certain within day ! if we have still have the horse you give Murray and all it could carry , we might have a fight chance ! fawcett ponder . through gritt tooth and deep rage : percy fawcett God damn I for a fool to bring he ! 73 lose City of Z Blue revision set 8/19/15 82 . then : he bashes the side of a rock repeatedly with he machete . pure frustration over the whole situation . over this , we hear : percy fawcett ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) to be send to the R.G.S. : Mr. James Murray be force to separate from we expedition to seek medical attention . his location be currently unknown , and he have most likely perish . int . LA paz - british embassy - day 73 fawcett have arrive in La paz , Bolivia , to the british embassy . he be write on a notepad a message to the rgs , which a English Officer be type : percy fawcett ( v.o. ) the british Minister have he case in hand and he family should not be contact unless there be definitive news of some kind . the rest of the group shall arrive back in England as soon as be possible ... fawcett look at the counter . close shot on a newspaper . the headline , in Spanish , be all about the assassination of the archduke ferdinand and war in europe . the english officer see percy look at the paper . in a jolly tone : english officer ( grin ) look like a war with fritz ! we would better all get home or we will miss we chance to fight ! percy fawcett ( eye he ; then , be telegram ) please send this immediately . english officer yes , sir . we see percy walk out of the outlet into the distance ... 75 lose City of Z White 7/31/15 83. ext . outside the fawcett home - late day , sunny 75 it 's quiet , punctuate only by the sound of boy play in the distance : fawcett 's son play with a rugby ball . * close shot on a beautiful baby girl , almost a toddler , sit on the ground surround by block . we hear : nina fawcett ( 0.s. ) that be Joan , as you might have guess . wide to see fawcett and nina in the backyard of the house , eyeing they daughter . Nina have a broad smile . percy fawcett beautiful name . for a beautiful child . ( to the toddler ) Joan , I be you father . * she smile at he , poke he face . a instant connection . * nina fawcett * I will go and get the boy -- they be * play a fierce match -- percy fawcett no no . let they finish . it 's good * for they ... * nina fawcett ( beat ) * there be many urgent telegram wait for you , inside . fawcett nod . nina fawcett ( cont 'd ) perhaps it 's about the war , on the continent -- percy fawcett ( interrupt she ) it 's not . it 's about my mission . i’1l need to go to London soon , no doubt . there will be a reckoning . * he step forward , watch he boy play in the distance . percy fawcett ( cont ’d ) I come close , cheeky . I have to turn back , for the good of the men. ( fight tear ) ( more ) 76 77 78 lose City of Z White 7/31/15 84 . percy fawcett ( cont ’d ) I face humiliation now ... I do everything I could and I accomplish nothing . her face contort : angry , she stand over he but remain outwardly calm : nina fawcett if you have accomplish nothing , then what do that say about we ? that all we effort on behalf of this family have be for naught ? we willingness to live in something less than splendor will not be in vain . fawcett turn back to face Nina ; start to walk to the house . percy fawcett when the boy be do with they game , send they in and I 'il tell they what 's happen . fawcett walk into the house . look around , he disappear - -— but we still see he shadow . he bury he head in he hand . ext . royal geographical society - new build - day 76 a magnificent structure . int . royal geographical society - hallway 77 fawcett walk down the hall and , look lose , he enter : int . map room 78 a elegant space . fawcett eye the room . pack , with Sir George goldie , Sir John Scott keltie , and the rest of the rgs gang we know -- include manley and costin and William Barclay among the roughly twenty in attendance . sir JOHN scott keltie Major . you know many of we here . then a seat man with he back to we turn : jame murray . fawcett spot he , then move to a seat ; a trial - like atmosphere in the room , tense . a silent beat , then : * + eh lose City of Z Green revision set 09/30/2015 85 . sir JOHN scott keltie ( cont ’d ) Mr. James Murray have arrive in London just this morning . fawcett eye Murray without a hint of what have go on between they . if anything , he seem calm , with the trace of a smile on he face : percy fawcett I would like to congratulate you . on you safe return . ( beat ) a remarkable effort . no answer by Murray . sir JOHN scott keltie Mr. Murray contend that you abandon he . ( beat ) be this true ? percy fawcett no , it be not . he be send back with both food and money . it be a necessary maneuver , in order to save life . jame murray he also try to kill I , Sir George . ask he about that -- percy fawcett that 's absurd . we almost kill ourselves give you what ration we could ! jame murray Sir John , we spend all we time play around in the mud with savage . and may I say , I never see any evidence of a lose city , either . percy fawcett Mr. Murray , you be the reason we do not reach we destination ! henry costin ( to percy ) tell they -- we ration be cover with paraffin ! * lose City of Z yellow revision set 8/6/15 85a . jame murray I reject that accusation -- lose City of Z Green revision set 09/30/2015 86 . percy fawcett ( to the room ) you may ask Mr. manley here -- or any * of the other member of my team -- if * you have doubt of it . * sir GEORGE goldie , who have be listen this whole time , stare at percy . look almost disappointed in he . jame murray Sir John , I will not tolerate any further insult from this young man ! I have retain counsel and will proceed accordingly . and as for he lackey -- they be swine , as untrustworthy as they master ! henry costin * ( to percy ) * it be out of respect for you that I * do not beat he like the dog he be . * costin stand . goldie speak up , look utterly heartbroken , near tear : sir GEORGE goldie * please . sit down . * ( costin do so ; then ) * gentlemen , we nation be now at * war , and it ill become we to hold onto private conflict . I earnestly beseech you to come to a understanding . a beat . then : jame murray well ... I will ... very generously offer that if Mr. fawcett be * willing to apologize - - here , in the company of the entire society , then ... I might be inclined to drop my claim against he and the rgs . ( beat ) with certain condition , of course . sir JOHN scott keltie what about it , percy ? will you apologize ? percy fawcett for the general good , I be willing to reconcile . ( more ) lose City of Z yellow revision set 8/6/15 86a . percy fawcett ( cont 'd ) however , I should like to hear Mr. Murray 's condition . lose City of Z White 7/31/15 87 . jame murray on the night I agree to join you -- and allow you star to enter my sphere - - you wife be there to witness you ascent . my condition -- my sole condition -- be that she once again be present . on this occasion she will witness you acknowledgement of the wrong you have do I . fawcett stew , contemplate a response in front of the enormous -- and uncharacteristically quiet -- group . then : percy fawcett when I last see you , Mr. Murray , I be put you on we only remain horse and give you more than you share of we food . the rest of my man urge I to leave you where you lay , but I could not bring myself to do so . and asa consequence I save you life . jame murray save my life , do you ?!? you leave I to die ! yet by my own expertise , which you despise , I be able to escape the hell to which you have abandon I ! and I now confound you hope to bury you shame in that filthy jungle ! ( to keltie ) Mr. Secretary -- I demand that apology ! percy fawcett yes . I should apologize . ( look to costin , manley ) to my crew . I be sorry that I ever believe Mr. Murray to be worthy of you company . and that I ever mistake a man 's rank for he mettle . I shall not make that mistake again . fawcett stand , walk toward the door . percy fawcett ( cont ’d ) Sir John , what you purpose can be in this ambush I can not say . but you need fear no more embarrassment from I . ( more ) + HH hhh HH + eh 79 80 lose City of Z White 7/31/15 88. percy fawcett ( cont ’d ) I hereby resign myself from this institution . and I shall proceed on my own . good day . murray smile just a bit as he say : jame murray Mr. fawcett , no man be a island unto himself - - a fact you shall soon discover to you deep regret ! I shall teach you what it mean to challenge you better ! ext . fawcett home - night 79 fawcett get out of a hanson cab . int . fawcett home - foyer - night 80 fawcett enter . Nina 's be in the kitchen , extinguish the oil lamp . she look toward the door , look grave . she and percy exchange look . something be amiss : percy fawcett what 's go on ? ( beat ) what 's wrong ? nina fawcett you have receive a letter . all former officer not currently post must send they name to the War Office . ( beat ) I suppose it 's best we try and find you uniform . she go back to extinguish the lamp . nina fawcett ( cont 'd ) ( upset , try not to be ) let we hope it 's a brief conflict . percy fawcett do not be concerned , cheeky . I have spend a whole life training for this . besides , the jungle have never harme I -- a little war cannot beat that challenge . he walk up the stair . * + h hk * + HH HH * +e % + h hk * 81 lose City of Z pink revision set 8/24/15 89 . int . fawcett home - stairwell 81 fawcett come up the stair , see brian and jack , at they desk from the hall . presumably do homework . Jack be now almost a young teen now and Brian a boy . fawcett stand near the doorway , look at they . smile . beat . jack fawcett Father . brian fawcett papa . percy fawcett Jack . Brian . brian fawcett papa , why be we at war ? percy fawcett ( nonpluss ) as to that , great man than we must answer that question . jack fawcett you be not go away again , be you ? to fight ? percy fawcett if the report be true , I must . jack fawcett but you have only just return . percy fawcett I have receive my order , Jack . I be obligate to serve . jack fawcett what about you obligation to mother and to we ? ( beat ) we be you family and you have abandon we for many year . nina come up the stair , enter : nina fawcett Jack ! lose City of Z pink revision set 8/24/15 89a . percy fawcett ( shocked ; darken ) how dare you talk to I in such a manner ? lose City of Z pink revision set 8/24/15 90 . jack fawcett how dare you , Father ? you do not think of we . you think of Indians or Germans , or any other path to glory that you can find . nina fawcett * ( appal ) jack ! you must stop it at once ! jack fawcett mother , I will not stop ! he 's return a failure . all the papers be full of it ! and now he want to abandon we again ! it be contemptible ! percy explode . he lunge across the room and slap the boy with tremendous and frightening ferocity . brian fawcett ( burst into tear ) Father ! Brian cover he eye , deeply distraught . Nina step forward * to defend percy , who , though furious , step back - - eye * widen , still in a daze fit of anger . * nina fawcett * everything you father have do , * since the day you come into this world , have be to better you life , and that of you brother and sister . for you own sake , I hope * the day will come when you regret the thing you have say to he . * Jack 's face be bury in he pillow : jack fawcett I hate he , mother ! I hope he * never come back ! * percy exit the room . we pan off this image to the wall of * the bedroom . a large spear from amazonia -- match CUT to : 82 83 84 lose City of Z Green revision set 09/30/2015 91 . ext . battle of the somme - the front - cloudy day 82 a machine gun on a battle - scar scene . total devastation . we pan past a field scorched by destruction , as far as the eye can see . no vegetation at all . the area be eerily quiet , only occasionally punctuate by a rat -a-tat - tat or a distant explosion . we see a trench line . superimpose : '' the front , river somme , FRANCE . two year later '' . int . trench 83 the trench itself be fill with weary and shattered troops , and rotting corpse . blood and fume . urine and shit and bone and lice and maggot and rat . a dead man have drown in the slime , only part of he head expose . hell on earth . int . bunker - fawcett 's space 84 a table , a phone , a lantern , not much else . Dark corner . there 's someone in the corner , in that darkness . manley be here , in uniform . he be read a letter with a newspaper clipping . he laugh . arthur manley ( amaze ) well what do you know ! it appear we old friend Mr. James Murray be not so powerful after all ! percy fawcett 's voice what 's that , Mr. manley ? arthur manley he and he bloody croney may have put we in this hellhole , but he latest expedition seem to have come a cropper . percy fawcett 's voice please give I the detail . manley approach the dark corner , hold the clipping and put it in fawcett 's face ( presumably ) . as he do so : arthur manley bastard go off on a arctic expedition with Canadian and mutiny -- he 's not be hear from since ! 85 86 lose City of Z Green revision set 09/30/2015 92 . angle on the darkness . we see a arm reach up , out of the dark , and turn up the lantern . the light reveal only part of fawcett 's shoulder , surrounded by large drawing of the amazonian jungle , family photo , etc . a elaborate shrine . manley be laughing . fawcett enter the light , and it look like he 's age a thousand year . looking down at the murray newspaper clipping : percy fawcett someone should warn the eskimo that Mr. Murray be on the prowl ... they laugh . CUT to : ext . trench - later 85 a young man run from atop the trench , jumping down into the trench . he run toward the small bunker and enter : int . bunker - fawcett 's space 86 where fawcett be in the midst of write at he desk and manley be read . the trench runner announce himself : trench runner Sir ! a message , from Colonel Howard ! fawcett read the note . a beat . then : percy fawcett thank you , private . the private salute . leave . percy look unsettle . arthur manley what be it , Chief ? percy fawcett ( very grave ) there 's movement in the german position . perhaps prepare for some kind of attack . ( with disgust ) we may be ask to withdraw ... 87 88 lose City of Z White 7/31/15 93. percy fawcett ( cont 'd ) ( sotto ) fool ... he get up , look through the periscope to see : movement among the german troops . they be preparing there gun . percy fawcett ( cont ’d ) how many man be at we command at present ? arthur manley Seven hundred , sir . and the two indian brigade on horseback . percy fawcett Gather up as many man as you can . cook and signaller as well . we will go over the top at dawn . arthur manley Chief , if plan be be make to withdraw -- percy fawcett that plan be absurd . we might all die if the Germans attack . be that what you prefer ? there be no other course open to we but to fight it out . ( beat ) there can be no retirement -- we back be against the wall . prepare to go over the top . any man who have not write to he love one should do so . arthur manley ( humble ) yes , Chief . manley turn away , to carry out the order . ext . trench - outside the bunker - just before dawn 87 fire illuminate the space . fawcett check he watch , then walk through the trench , pass frighten soldier . then toward the bunker , where he hear a cheerful commotion . int . bunker 88 he enter the bunker , where he amazon artwork be all over the wall . * + HH hhh HH * * lose City of Z White 7/31/15 94 , the troops -- about twenty -- sit around a table , pack into the * cavernous room . seat at the table be madame kumel , a mystic . the soldier see fawcett ; henry costin be here ! * costin shout out : * henry costin wo not you join we , sir ! we be have a mysticism - - a medium of * fine spiritualist skill ! costin approach : henry costin ( cont 'd ) ( sotto ) she will bless we for the fight with * fritz . with a bit of the occult -- * part of the world that be not right in front of we face , if you know what I mean . percy fawcett yes ... I surely do . ( to the Madame ) we will be in battle soon , madame . any spiritual aid we can get -- I think we have all very much like you bless . henry costin * Madame , how ' bout you read the Major ? the whole group cheer the idea . Madame kumel motion for fawcett to sit down . fawcett sit and the man cheer wildly . * manley enter the bunker . * madame kumel ( the man tell she ) you be the explorer ? percy fawcett I be . as be this fine man , who have transfer here , to be with I . point to costin and manley , who cheer . she reach over , take a indian necklace that fawcett have wrap around he hand like a bracelet . she slip it off . she look up at the wall , sees the jungle artwork . she begin to hypnotize the room . she hold the object and with she other hand hold fawcett 's : lose City of Z White 7/31/15 95 . madame kumel feel my hand ... listen to my voice . only my voice ... only my voice . empty you mind , the only thing be my voice ... fawcett stare at the mesmerize Madame . madame kumel ( cont 'd ) you have love one at home ? percy fawcett I do ... my wife , and child ... madame kumel but you be not home . can you take I where you be ...? ( beat ) can you take I to where you dream to be ? percy fawcett it be far away ... madame kumel be it the forest ? ( beat ) you wish to be in the forest ? percy fawcett I wish to find a lose city ... madame kumel can you see yourself there , now ...? try to picture it , in you mind . percy fawcett yes . I can . I can see it , in the jungle . my family be with I . ext . jungle - day 89 we see kumel and fawcett , at the table -- which be now situate in the middle of the jungle . nina and the child be seated around he -- jack back be to US . we still hear only the SOUND from the bunker and the sound of the war . kumel continue : madame kumel you place be beyond the jungle city . a timeless place . 90 91 92 lose City of Z White 7/31/15 96 . ext . ruins 90 we be in what look like a more extensive machu picchu . there be gold statue , enormous , everywhere . still , we hear only the SOUND from that bunker . and yes , now kumel and fawcett be around the table in the middle of the ruin : madame kumel I see a valley ... a valley anda great city , full of jewel . ( beat ) a wealth of real jewel and gold . but also jewel of the spirit ... the explosion get louder . and louder . then , a beautiful rain of flake of gold come down , not touching our protagonist but seemingly covering the ground like snow ... kumel continue : madame kumel ( cont 'd ) you soul be not quiet . you must find this new world . it be you destiny . you seek escape from we world , escape from its cruelty and custom ... CUT to : fawcett in the jungle 91 seat , by himself . the camera dolly in , slowly : percy fawcett ( v.o. ) we world have set itself afire ... and we must look elsewhere to quench the blaze ... all of a sudden , a deafening explosion shatter the moment and we be back in : int . the bunker 92 which have be hit by a shell . the man all scatter , in panicked chaos ... fawcett cover he head from the fall debris ... a close call ... the rain of gold flake be actually fall dirt ... fawcett exit the bunker , into : * +e hf * 93 94 lose City of Z White 7/31/15 97 . ext . trench - just before dawn 93 the troops , look weary and beyond battle - scar , stare at camera as we dolly past they . they cower from the shell . we be in fawcett 's Pov . fawcett patrol the trench . fawcett then look over to see a low private , shaking like a leaf . the private have vomit all over he uniform . fawcett then charge through the trench , yelling he speech : percy fawcett when I be young , I venture all for King and country , for place , and rank . I believe that to be the making of a man . but my travel have teach I that such ambition be mere phantom . phantom that exclude humanity from the Garden of eden . my dear friend , what doe matter -- the only thing that matter -- be the esteem we show we fellow man . in we heart we fight for we love one ; as they be not here today , we fight for each other . ( beat ) good luck and may God be with you . henry costin and fuck the bloody boche ! everyone laugh , include fawcett . then the man separate , begin to line the trenches . Cleaning they rifle , make sure the bayonet be screw on tightly . readying the charge . many man start throw up ; other kiss small bible ; other look at family photo which they kiss and place in they breastpocket . other be merely still , await almost certain death . fawcett take a small draw of amazonia jungle , hold it to he head . almost like he 's praying to it . then pocket it . we see : rows of horse , get gas mask put on they head . indian troops be get ready to mount they , and be adorn in the most elaborate and absurd manner ... ext . trench - battlefield - day 94 fawcett take several step near the top of the trench . place a whistle in he mouth . look at he man , who be don gas mask . raise he arm and blows the whistle . + HH HH hhh HH hf * * * 95 96 lose City of Z White 7/31/15 98 . upon blow the whistle , a army of man charge out of the trench with a collective battle cry . among they , the low private . almost instantly , so many of the man be riddle with machine gun FIRE . other be set afire with flamethrower . explosion all around . mine . shell . brutally loud . then : the two indian cavalry regiment gallop out of the trench ; the horse have gas mask of there own . absurd . they charge toward the german position , but be set on FIRE by flamethrower and hit by the hail of bullet . huge number of new troops leap from the trenches , many to be meet with a similar fate . wound infantrymen crawl into shell hole . fawcett himself emerge from the trench . see arthur manley , shriek . then manley get he face blown off . costin charge right along with fawcett . fawcett whip off the gas mask and start to yell . scream to he soldier , often inaudible from the devastating sound of war , we can nonetheless tell what he 's say either by read he lip or by the occasional word peak through : percy fawcett come on ! come on ! come on ! flash CUT to : fawcett , urging on fellow explorer in the jungle ; he motirgn be precisely the same as the one on the battlefield ... CUT back to : ext . battlefield 96 a go sound . chemical weapon be come . henry costin scream from he position : henry costin incoming ! Gas ! fawcett stand in the middle of the battlefield , seemingly a man on he own . and in he own world . Men shrink and charge forward around he ; man die around he ; man courageously stand they ground . bullet and flame seem mysteriously to avoid he ; he seem impervious ... smoke seem to envelop fawcett in he craze , daze state . he hold up he rifle with its bayonet into the air . he have a thousand - yard stare now ... 97 lose City of Z White 7/31/15 99 . and then we hear it : a go SOUND . a nearby explosion . fawcett fall to he knee . his mouth open in lockjaw and he eye roll back into he head . he fall ... we pan off he to reveal : bit of letter and photo that the man carry into battle flutter over the corpse like snow . the camera move through the battlefield , litter with the papers and blood and part of body . the camera settles , finally , on a piece of barbed wire . attach to it : the drawing by fawcett of amazonia . stain with blood , move gently in the wind ... int . military hospital - room - day 97 fawcett , in the hospital . in bed , somewhere in England . he awaken , daze , shocked - - by the eye patch which cover he eye . nina fawcett be here , with the three child behind she . she approach the bedside as he move . she tear up . Fighting the tear , she smile , put on a brave face : nina fawcett darling , it be I . we be here -- the child be here . the child walk to fawcett 's side , all mutter '' hello '' . Jack be now a young adult ; Brian , a young teen ; and young daughter joan a toddler . percy fawcett let I kiss you all . Nina lift the toddler Joan , and fawcett kiss she . fawcett stroke the top of Brian 's head tenderly . percy fawcett ( cont ’d ) Joan , and Brian ... where 's Jack ? jack fawcett here , father . Jack step forward , crying . then to Nina : percy fawcett what 's ... happen to I ...? nina fawcett they say you have be expose to chlorine gas . you eye be affect , but with any luck , you sight shall return . and -- you be here , darling . you be with we , and that be what matter . * + eh lose City of Z White 7/31/15 100 . fawcett lift he head a bit , strain for sensation . a doctor be here , too . percy fawcett what about costin ? the rest of the man ? nina fawcett Mr. costin be unhurt . as for you division , they suffer many loss - — - but far fewer than other . it be the most death in the history of any battle . ( beat ) but darling , because of you bravery , the Germans have retreat , all along the front . we have make his majesty aware of what you have do . and they be go to award you with the distinguished service order . they have also agree to raise you rank to Lieutenant Colonel . Jack can not help himself , but , appal , he blurt out : jack fawcett Lieutenant Colonel ? after all he 's do ?!? nina fawcett ( not now ) Jack ... the young man , still in tear , take several step backward and sit on a bench . nina fawcett ( cont 'd ) we will bring you home as soon as we be able , darling . percy fawcett ( beat ) what about -- what about my travel ? to amazonia ? Nina can not answer this . she look to the Doctor : doctor I ... I be afraid you may never be able to return to you jungle . percy fawcett shut he eye in quiet disappointment and turn away . the Doctor attempt to cheer he : +e % + HH HH hhh HH hf 98 99 lose City of Z pink revision set 8/24/15 101. doctor ( cont 'd ) however , you can take comfort in the fact that here we will be able to offer you the very best care in all the civilized world . fawcett turn back to the Doctor when he hear this : percy fawcett '' civilized '' ? that word be a obscenity . I have be year in that jungle , with so-called savage . and none would ever bring such horror and destruction on he fellow creature . percy turn away . everyone take the hint -- Nina pat everyone out . but stay be jack . Jack sit down ina chair against the wall . nina turn to observe : percy fawcett ( cont ’d ) ( sotto voce ) Jack ...? Jack approach he father 's bedside . without be able to make eye contact , fawcett somehow find he son 's face . he touch it , feeling its contour -- then touch the young man 's tear ... ext . fawcett home - stoke canon , england 98 superimpose : '' stoke canon , england . 1923 '' . int . fawcett home - stoke canon , england 99 the camera pan past many object from the fawcett past . we hear a american man 's voice , a reporter whom we never see : american man 's voice ( 0.c . ) we reader have be ask where you have be since the war . America have quite a fascination with you . angle on percy and nina fawcett , seat on a couch . Nina hold young Joan ; percy pet the family dog . lose City of Z pink revision set 8/24/15 102 . percy fawcett I be grateful for they interest . you may tell you reader I have recover from my wound and have adapt to home life . the family 's live in many place -- Jamaica , also in America , briefly . we have only just return to England . nina fawcett it 's be quite wonderful to have he with we for this time . percy fawcett yes -- my family 's need be above all now . american man 's voice ( 0.c . ) but you pursuit in South America lead to tremendous interest in exploration in the United States . there have be many new voyage plan . percy fawcett perk up . new voyage ? percy fawcett have there ...? american man 's voice ( 0.c well , Dr. Hamilton Rice be head to Brazil soon ... with radio , and airplane . fawcett get up , walk over to a large map of South America . he stare at it . angle on fawcett still look at that map : american man' voice ( 0.c. ( cont ’d ) he 's take a large and very well - armed party . percy fawcett we can only hope that -- with all of he arm , Dr. Rice do not destroy what he wish to discover ... ( turn back to the reporter ) tell I , how do you find we here ? american man 's voice ( 0.c. ) ( surprised ) you son , Colonel . he write we a letter -- do not he tell you ? * lose City of Z pink revision set 8/24/15 102a . angle on fawcett as we go to : 100 101 lose City of Z pink revision set 8/24/15 103. ext . large field —- cloudy day 100 we hear distant gun shot . the wind howl . then we see , emerge from over a hill , Jack fawcett , hold a rifle . a rabbit run through the grass . Jack raise he rifle , fire again . he hit the rabbit . percy and Nina fawcett emerge , have see the shot . percy fawcett you have become quite expert with that rifle ! jack fawcett thank you , father . after he recover , he watch he son run to get the rabbit . jack proudly hold up the carcass . Father stare at _son , something on he mind . then , be the rabbit : percy fawcett no no , I 'il retrieve it ... as percy go to get the animal , Nina have a private moment with Jack : nina fawcett I know you feel remorse about the harsh word you say to he . but that be year ago . he love you . go talk with he . ext . top of a hill - later 101 the rabbit hang from a tree . fawcett and Jack be settle here , atop a hill , overlook the field . fawcett stand , lighting a small cigar ; Jack sit , clean he gun . fawcett pet the hanging carcass of the rabbit , then lower it from the string and begin to prep it for eat . jack fawcett Father ...? percy fawcett mmm ? jack fawcett I realize how fortunate I be not to have lose you in the war . when we come back to England , I see how few of my friend still have they father . beat . lose City of Z pink revision set 8/24/15 104. percy fawcett ( nod ; then ) it 's be a difficult few year for many . ( beat ) you have be write to the american newspaper about we , I be tell . jack fawcett I have . I have be read of you exploit . they be quite extraordinary . percy fawcett I have something for you . fawcett pull something out of he bag : a indian necklace . he give it to Jack : percy fawcett ( 0.c. ) ( cont 'd ) it be from a guarani indian . it 's yours now . jack fawcett thank you ... it 's remarkable ... ( beat ) the Americans be go to amazonia now . I be sicken by the think that they might steal you thunder . percy fawcett ( a broad smile ) I have little enough thunder to steal , my boy . I never do find 2 . jack fawcett you must not say that ! I have read of you achievement -- you be a great man ! you still believe in Z , do you not ? that we have always underestimate the indian ? percy fawcett ( beam at he son 's enthusiasm ) of course ... jack fawcett then why do not we go back ? you and I , together - - to find the lose city once and for all ? * lose City of Z pink revision set 8/24/15 105 . percy fawcett ( take aback ; a flood of emotion ) I -- I do not know if I able , Jack . jack fawcett I know you be . you easily outmatch my strength . fawcett stand , look out at the vista as Jack continue : percy fawcett I be touch by you faith in I . but -- the war take its toll . jack fawcett Father , the Americans will venture there with they gun . and then we must pray they do not destroy the indian . we must beat they to the spot . ( beat ; he smile ) I want to go with you so much , I want nothing more . ( beat ) we could find Z . you and I can do it . percy fawcett on this , Jack , we must consult a higher authority . ( beat ) you mother , I mean . Jack let out a laugh . then : jack fawcett Father , there be something else I can barely speak of . I wish ... to apologize for the disgraceful thing I say to you before you go away . fawcett turn back , look at Jack . percy fawcett you be only do you best to protect all of we . ( beat ) the hero in you be speak . fawcett approach Jack . offer he a hand : lose City of Z pink revision set 8/24/15 106 . percy fawcett ( cont ’d ) come . we will conquer you mother 's reserve together ... 102 int . fawcett home - early morning 102 fawcett , silhouett in the unlit office . he be silent . only the daylight illuminate the room . Jack face nina . jack fawcett please , mother . I know it 's dangerous . but you have say yourself with ... with all that 's happen -- it 's not possible to choose a safe passage through life . so many man near my own age do not return from the war -- and who be to say it will not happen again ? nina fawcett by all rights I should be furious . you have use my very own word against I . ( fight with herself ) yet I do not refute they now -- indeed , try as I will , I cannot . jack fawcett ( beat ; get emotional ) please ... nina fawcett ( look at percy ; then ) there 's little doubt I would worry night and day about my two boy in the jungle . but ... you father and I have never let fear determine we future -- Jack get up and excitedly kiss he mother , who look less than overjoy . jack fawcett thank you so much , mum . thank you ! percy fawcett we be not there yet , Jack . this journey require a great deal of money and training . + HH HH +e % * lose City of Z pink revision set 8/24/15 106a . jack fawcett of course , father ... but I shall begin prepare immediately , nonetheless ! you and I , and perhaps Mr. costin , too . he ’l1l come , I know it ! Jack leave the room . fawcett turn to map on he desk , start collect they . 103 lose City of Z yellow revision set 8/6/15 107 . percy fawcett I admit I be surprised by you speedy acceptance . nina fawcett do I have another choice ? it would be wrong to betray he nature now . ( beat ) if you shall go , the both of you , then you must find Z , once and for all . percy fawcett yes ...we shall see it through ... I not 1ll go see Mr. costin . ( beat ; look at she ) you be concerned about Jack ? she do not answer . percy fawcett ( cont ’d ) he will perform splendidly . I have learn from the past that character be more important than experience . the camera pan to the window , to see jack running . outside be young joan , play . fawcett watch they both , then : percy fawcett ( cont ’d ) the boy have what it take , I be sure . nina fawcett ( brighten ; a laugh ) he should -- he be my son , after all ! int . savage club - london - night 103 it be the elegant club in London . a place for gentleman . not a place for percy . Men in black tie , man drink brandy . henry costin be here , look older , simultaneously more settle yet more shattered . percy sit across from he . both be in high - back leather chair , and a small table sit between the two . costin open a large briefcase sit next to he chair . withdraws something ... costin place notebooks on the table and slide they to fawcett . with a smile : lose City of Z yellow revision set 8/6/15 107a . henry costin in fine condition , Chief . all my note . I hope they be of help to you . percy take they as one would handle a delicate child . lose City of Z White 7/31/15 108 . percy fawcett can I truly not persuade you to come with we ? costin avert percy 's gaze . percy lean forward . whisper : percy fawcett ( cont ’d ) we be so close before -- and think of what it would mean , for all human history . henry costin I be honore you still consider I worthy . but ... thing have change . I have a wife and child now . percy fawcett I would remind you that when we go on we travel , my own child be young than yours be now . ( lean back , subtly introspective ) I do have my fair share of concern about they welfare , it 's true . ( lean forward again , louder ) yet my son today -- if you be to see he character , he vim and vigor , for yourself , it would tear down you resistance in a instant . a waiter come over : waiter would you like some more brandy , sir ? henry costin no , thank you , Nigel . the waiter leave . henry costin ( cont ’d ) Chief -- I do not doubt Jack 's excellence . but I be afraid you and I part way in this regard . for I , the search for Z -- I can no longer bear the cost , you see . percy fawcett ( surprised ) you doubt its existence . % * + eh + eh + HH HH hhh HH hf * % * eee % 104 lose City of Z White 7/31/15 109 . henry costin no . not for a moment . but I do doubt that it can ever provide all the answer you require from it . percy fawcett you feel I romanticize the significance of 2 . costin begin to protest . fawcett stop he : percy fawcett ( cont ’d ) the charge do not dismay I . but let the world stand in judgement once I knock the scale from they eye . do not doubt I , my friend . costin break out into a huge smile . henry costin God bless you , Colonel - - you ' have not lose you fire . ( beat ) forgive I , I can not say yes . ( beat ) I wish you godspeed and the great success . int . dorchester HOTEL lobby - PRESS conference - day 104 superimpose the legend : '' london . december 3 , 1924 '' . percy fawcett talk to a syndicate of newspaper . a press conference . reporter and photographer pack the room . Jack fawcett and Nina be here , too , by fawcett 's side . so be a host of cigar-smoking financier ... percy fawcett this will be no pampere expedition . top-heavy mission get nowhere ; they linger on the fringe of civilization and bask in publicity . we will not . we journey will last three year . a tribesman will take we message to bring they to you as often as we can , for you to publish . reporter # 1 who be financing this latest journey of yours ? + eh +e % +e HH oh * + h HH hf 105 lose City of Z White 7/31/15 percy fawcett the money be generously be supply by a consortium of american newspaper and Mr. John D. rockefeller , Jr. reporter # 2 be you aware the Royal geographical Society have just offer to help with the financing ? percy fawcett I be glad to see we nation be not to be leave behind . reporter # 2 what about America 's own explorer ? they're in South America now , with great technology -- percy fawcett I be not concerned with they -- we have we own plan . I would like to introduce to you now my son , Mr. Jack fawcett . angle on jack , who be beam . percy fawcett ( cont ’d ) he will be my companion on this historic expedition . ( fawcett look at he son ) he be strong as a horse and keen as mustard . flash ! go the camera . then we hear : sir GEORGE goldie ( 0.s. ) well , we could not very well be shame by the Americans , now could we . int . royal geographical society - conference room fawcett and Jack , inside a large conference room . 110 . 105 a group of people be stand there , get ready to say goodbye to percy fawcett : keltie , william barclay , other . sir JOHN scott keltie ( cont ’d ) I be proud to say , we do finally meet they halfway ... ( sober ; sheepish ) percy , this organization have not ... ( more ) lose City of Z White 7/31/15 111 . sir JOHN scott keltie ( cont ’d ) always recognize you as perhaps we should have in the past . percy fawcett we difference be always honorable , Sir John . sir JOHN scott keltie ( nod ; then ) Sir George , rest in peace , always bore you great affection . but I admit my error in not accept you belief long ago . fawcett take out he compass . move close to keltie . percy fawcett when I find Z , I shall send it to you . consider it a sign . keltie look at it . sir JOHN scott keltie godspeed , percy . a nearby church bell ring in the now-quiet room . sir JOHN scott keltie ( cont ’d ) we do have something here for you , at the Society . ( beat ) Mr. Barclay ? William Barclay open a wooden case . Inside : sir JOHN scott keltie ( cont ’d ) it 's we high honor . the founder 's gold Medal . angle on jack . his eye widen ; he be truly impressed . william barclay you be truly deserve , Colonel . truly . percy fawcett ( virtually move to tear ) I be grateful ... ( beat ) my son and I will rejoice in tell you the whole story in three year time . eee * * 106 lose City of Z pink revision set 8/24/15 112. fawcett grab both arm , squeeze . Jack have a smile from ear to ear . Champagne be serve , and the man toast -- in silence . ext . stoke canon house - dawn 106 a truck be idling . percy and Jack fawcett be load it with supplies . alongside they be the rest of the family : Nina , Brian , Joan . nina fawcett all the arrangement be complete -- we be off to Portugal on the 7th and then we meet in Brazil . percy fawcett good . now remember : the code with the coordinate - - a copy be in my desk and another be in safekeep , with Mr. costin . ( beat ) no one will trump we now ... awkward silence as Nina begin to turn inward . percy fawcett ( cont ’d ) well , I suppose that 's all . I / x11 send you the dispatch , for the newspaper . nina fawcett Jack -- she gesture to he suit coat handkerchief , which be fall out . fawcett , meanwhile , move close to she , out of earshot of anyone else : percy fawcett cheeky , if I should not come back -- do not look for I . if one of we life , we all shall live . nina fawcett ( as though he death be a insane think ) I have complete faith in you . you would better get go , you will miss you boat . fawcett move to Brian , who be quiet . 107 lose City of Z White 7/31/15 113. percy fawcett you be a man now , responsible for you mother and sister 's care . it 's a fine call , no less and perhaps more virtuous than ours . no response . percy fawcett take out a seal letter . nina fawcett Brian ? say goodbye to you father . and tell he how much you will miss he . brian fawcett Goodbye , father . I shall indeed miss you . as I always have . percy fawcett I have write something for you . Brian take it . fawcett kiss Joan : percy fawcett ( cont ’d ) dear Joan . take care of you mother . joan fawcett Goodbye , father . percy fawcett on to Z , then . and a new history . fawcett then lean over , kiss Nina briefly , and unsentimentally board the truck . Jack hug Nina , who then turn and get in the truck as well . Brian watch as he father and brother wave . he look down at the envelope from he father . fawcett and jack wave as the truck drive off ... int . fawcett stoke canon home - brian 's bedroom - night 107 Brian open the envelope : a poem . start read . percy fawcett ( v.o. ) never forget we , brave little man mother and father trust in you . be brave as a lion , yet kind return CUT to : 108 109 lose City of Z White 7/31/15 114 . ext . aquitania - dusk 108 the ship at sea , on its way to South America . we still hear : percy fawcett ( v.o. ) ready to fight and averse to wrong ... never forget you be a gentleman and never a fear you will do . CUT to : still photo of the aquitania , a huge ship . wide shot . 109 then close shot of jack and percy on the deck , waving . black and white still . percy fawcett ( v.o. ) life be short and the world be wide . CUT to : series of shot of fawcett 's house and old Ireland army 110 barracks : the army barracks in Ireland - empty , save the usual post - move detritus . the bedroom - empty . Dust now . army backyard - empty . windswept , cover with leave . the front lawn - empty . a child 's toy , cover in dirt . percy fawcett ( v.o. ) we be just a ripple on life 's great pond . we end with : int . new madeira home - nina 's bedroom - night 111 a new room , in madeira . Nina be asleep with a newspaper on she lap . it read , '' explorer enter jungle to seek lost race '' . then we hear a loud train whistle : percy fawcett ( v.o. ) enjoy you life to the best you can , all will help enrich the span , int . train - brazil - night 112 on the train into the jungle , they pass parade for the Carnival . they pass beautiful field , vista . * + eh 114 lose City of Z White 7/31/15 115 . crowd wave to they . Jack stand , look out the window . fawcett remain seat , eye a map . percy fawcett ( v.o . ) but never forget you be a gentleman . jack fawcett forty million , father ! the newspaper say forty million be follow we journey ! look , even here ! fawcett stand , look out the train . sotto : percy fawcett it be rather marvelous ... fawcett turn to look at the people wave at the train . angle on a slightly wistful yet also enthusiastic percy fawcett ; he wave back to they . CUT to : series of shot as we still hear the train : the camera 113 dolly past a sleep Nina in the madeira home . next : the camera dolly past a sleep Brian . last : past a sleep Joan . CUT to : ext . train 114 lose he stetson hat . it blow away . the hat twist and spin and float in the wind , eventually leave we sight . percy fawcett ( to Jack ) we be get closer . the camera spin past the countryside -- match CUT to : the camera panning , then stopping , on the jungle . ext . jungle - day 115 close shot : fawcett . he consult a map . zoom out : dwarfed by nature , the awesome depth of the jungle . % +e * hf * * lose City of Z Green revision set 09/30/2015 116. Jack be right behind he . the peon ( indian messenger ) be near but bring up the rear and look exhaust . superimpose : '' pantanal region , brazil . april 30 , 1925 '' . percy turn to Jack . jack fawcett my compass appear to have stop work . percy fawcett it 's nothing to fret over -- I have two other . how be you faring ? jack fawcett I have rarely feel better . percy fawcett good . we will be on the river soon - - and then if we be lucky , to see a opera ... ext . fazienda jacobina —- clearing 116 out of the jungle come we group . they be close to the hut that serve as a opera house ... but it seem abandon . fawcett lead the group toward its front door , which be swinging open ... the old opera hut house be still in the jungle , but this time it be cover with vine , overgrown with weed and spider . int . opera house 117 fawcett can not believe what he see . the jungle be swallow up the structure , with spiderweb and detritus . the man stand in the center , stunne . the camera pull back to reveal a ruin be overrun by monkey . percy fawcett be left stand in the middle of the dilapidated structure as the primate swirl around he legs . swarm of vampire bat shriek above there head ... 120 lose City of Z Green revision set 09/30/2015 117 . percy fawcett a pity you could not see it intact ... ( brighten ) no matter . we will hit the river as schedule . ext . riverbank 118 percy and Jack and the peon have make a canoe . they slide it off , into the river . ext . river 119 the man in they canoe . they move through the river . and then : body . float . white men , look emaciated . face down . numbering around ten or so ... fawcett seem to accept it . jack be terrify ... the canoe move past the corpse ... the peons be in the canoe behind they . another swarm of bat swoops past they ... ext . clearing - later 120 Jack hack away at a tree with he machete , collect firewood . a peon , look feverish , approach percy as he sit by the fire . he have be write in a notebook . in portuguese : peon ( subtitle ) Mr. fawcett , we work be do . we warn you , past this point be only danger . fawcett stand . percy fawcett ( subtitle ) you have acquitted yourself wonderfully . we be grateful for you effort . ( reach down , into a stack of he papers and envelope ) ( more ) 121 122 lose City of Z White 7/31/15 118. percy fawcett ( subtitle ) ( cont 'd ) please -- if you could deliver this final dispatch ... the peon nod , take the envelope . moment later wide shot of group . the peon say goodbye , shaking hand , and disappear into the jungle . we man be alone now . fawcett and Jack walk off into the jungle in the opposite direction ... percy fawcett ( v.o. ) dearest cheeky , this be the last letter you shall receive until we reach Z. ext . the jungle - dusk 121 the man get off the canoe and enter the deep jungle . they look thin now , more wear . percy fawcett ( v.o . ) as always , we have encounter some setback . but Jack be acquitting himself marvelously . today we reach a tribe of bakairi Indians , who tell we of a cave entirely unknown to anyone outside they clan . ext . jungle village - day 122 a bakairi village . the man enter the place and speak with the Indians . close shot of percy fawcett as he take picture with he camera , which be mount on a tripod . we camera dolly into a extreme close shot on the camera 's lens ... percy fawcett ( v.o. ; cont ’d ) they tell of a enormous rock there , cover with paint picture of man and horse . its location be perhaps the gateway to Zeee series of black and white photo of the indian : % + eh +e hf * 123 124 125 lose City of Z Green revision set 09/30/2015 119 . in the photo , Jack and fawcett all pose with the '' savage '' . stand in different position , some hold arrow , some merely seat . other photo show the Indians in the middle of ritual , crouch , dance , upright , with spear , in a circle , etc . close shot on photograph floating through the stream , getting developed , the image quickly fading before our eye from the heat ... ext . the amazon jungle - day 123 near Dead horse Camp . fawcett eye the camp ... he and Jack approach it ... percy fawcett ( v.o. ) ..- I expect we will be in touch with the old civilization within a month , and to be at the main objective in August . int . new madeira home - bedroom 124 Nina be at she desk , read the letter : percy fawcett ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) thereafter , we fate be in the lap of the god . ( beat ) you need have no fear of any failure . ext . jungle 125 fawcett and Jack walk down a muddy path . fawcett take note while walk . then : jack fawcett Father -- fawcett look up from he journal to see : red -masked suya . tens of they . fawcett motion for jack to stop , then take one single step forward . a single arrow whizhes by he head . suya indian be about 200 yard away . staring . 126 127 lose City of Z Green revision set 09/30/2015 120. percy fawcett stay calm . I know precisely the approach . confident , he try he signature approach with the suya . he begin to walk toward they , wave he handkerchief : percy fawcett ( subtitled ) ( cont 'd ) friend ! friend ! and then : more arrow come , fast and furious . fawcett walk closer . they don ’t stop . this time , the suya indian start charging terrifyingly toward the men . the indian let out a terrifying war cry ... all of a sudden : whoop whoop whoop whoop whoop -— — a spinning club of wood , about three foot in length , come seemingly from nowhere . whoop whoop whoop --a punishing blow to the hand . a war club , then another . realizing he try - and - true plan will not work , fawcett take he rifle off he shoulder and fire : he shoot one of the suyas in the stomach . the indian bleed profusely and fall down , die ... fawcett sees this and he face wrinkle in anguish : percy fawcett ( cont ’d ) oh Lord ... ( recover ) into the brush ! fawcett and Jack bolt into the dense jungle , and so do the Indians , in pursuit . ext . the jungle 126 fawcett and Jack run for they life . a chase on foot have begin . ext . the amazon jungle - later 127 the dense jungle . vertiginous . back and forth . tree leave , vegetation , mud , bug , heat . * 128 129 lose City of Z Green revision set 09/30/2015 121. the camera be hand - held now , toss back and forth , we character 's Pov . disoriented ... a sound : whirring . what be that ? club . club of wood . warsclub . the suyas be hurling they through the tree , presumably . but we can't see they . only spinning club of wood --a torrent of spinning wooden stick , cutting through the forest . spinning and moving at incredible speed . and they be come close to US , millimeter from fawcett 's head . fawcett duck they as he bolt through the tree . whoosh ! Jack , away from fawcett , be hit in the chest . it knock he over , but he get up and continue to run . angle back on fawcett who be move through the forest with great speed , determine to survive . in he Pov , the denseness become dizzying , obscure , difficult . we hear the whirring and he hurried breathing . fawcett get up . he be on the move again as arrow dart past he , perilously close ... ext . riverbank 128 fawcett reach the riverbank . Jack be here on he knee , with he back to we . be he dead ? he 's oddly still . fawcett approach he son . then he son turn , terrified . in SHOCK and shaking . percy fawcett they will keep after we -- we have get to keep move . fawcett grab he son , shake he head . percy fawcett ( cont ’d ) do you hear I ?!? ext . clearing - later 129 fawcett and Jack be run in tall grass . then they stop . surrounded by Indians . they have more paint on they , more mud , than the other group of Indians that be chase they earlier . 130 lose City of Z goldenrod revision set 10/18/15 122. fawcett and Jack turn around . Indians close in behind they , too . doomed ? one indian step forward . he take he spear and hurl it right toward fawcett . fawcett think this be the end . instead , it go past he , and thwok ! hit another indian , right behind he . kill the man . the other indian , a suya , be poised with bow and arrow , ready to kill fawcett . this indian have save fawcetta life . warring tribe . the Indians fire at each other , as fawcett and Jack duck down into the grass ... the suyas retreat ... the new group of indian surround fawcett and jack . fawcett look up , raise he hand ... ext . village square - late day 130 fawcett and Jack sit in the middle of the indian tribal village . a rain begins to fall . lightning and thunder , though in the distance . a low rumble , then nothing but rain ... fawcett whisper to he son : percy fawcett I have encounter this before . we be in no real danger . Jack nod . a kayapo indian play with a flashlight that fawcett have give he . fawcett and Jack be seat with the Indians surround they . the indian appear thrilled with the flashlight . two other kayapos be in a debate : kayapo indian # 2 ( subtitle ) the Christian be not one of we . kayapo indian # 1 ( subtitle ) he be not one of they , either . ( beat ) he be a shadow man , never at rest ... we must send he back to the shadow ... the kayapo bring in three corpse , the suya indian whom they kill . the body be tie up on tree branch . and put over the FIRE . Jack 's eye pop as he see this . percy fawcett they eat the ash of the body . they believe it save they enemy 's soul . 131 lose City of Z goldenrod revision set 10/18/15 123. ext . above a river with rock 131 the kayapo lead Jack and percy up a path of rock . they lie they down in a circle of rock . in portuguese : kayapo indian # 1 ( subtitle ) sleep ... percy nod . the kayapo seem entirely friendly . and they place one torch in between two large rock . jack fawcett be ... be we go to die ? fawcett look to he son for a moment , cupping he son 's chin in he hand . then he eye unexpectedly turn to the heaven , and he begin : percy fawcett '' hast thou command the morning since thy day , and cause the dayspring to know he place ? who hath put wisdom in the inward part ? or who hath give understanding to the heart ? '' ( he head sink ; not make eye contact with he son , but to he son ) most of life be a mystery . we know so little of the world . but we have make a journey other man can not even imagine . and it have give understanding to we heart . we do not need to know the future . Jack sit up . then he stand . percy fawcett ( cont ’d ) Jack , sit down . they need to know that we trust they . jack fawcett Father ... ( beat ) be -- be this not 2 ? percy fawcett no ... Zed be over that mountain . let we hope we will be on we way soon . jack fawcett but -- I believe we may have already reach part of Z. +e % + HH HH HH hhh HH hk lose City of Z goldenrod revision set 10/18/15 percy fawcett temper you enthusiasm , my boy . we have not yet reach we coordinate . jack fawcett do you not see the causeway you have describe ? they be perfectly straight and stretch as far as the eye can see . and a bridge as well ! the ancient Indians must have forge something truly astonish . imagine the plan , the skill , all of they work together , to achieve it ! percy stand and take a few step to see the causeway . jack fawcett ( cont ’d ) and you just tell I how they be save the soul of they enemy . ( more ) lose City of Z goldenrod revision set 10/18/15 124 . jack fawcett ( cont ’d ) that be the sort of civilization you opponent always deny could exist here . ( beat ) we be in Z , father ! it 's all around we ! percy take a step forward . look around . a stunning revelation -- in the look of SHOCK -- seem to come over he face . jack fawcett ( cont ’d ) one day the whole world will see it , without doubt . it 's everything you have always want ! percy eye he son , then break down . he begin to cry . percy fawcett my boy , to be here with you , on this journey ... be everything . fawcett tenderly grab Jack 's neck . percy then withdraw a letter from he pocket , hand it to Jack fawcett . 132 133 lose City of Z Green revision set 09/30/2015 125. percy fawcett ( cont ’d ) you mother give this letter to I some time ago . it 's give I great strength over the year . you should have it now . Jack take it . close shot on the letter , as it be be open . then , music up : a kayapo dance . ext . campfire - night 132 the tribe do a ritual dance around fawcett and Jack . they then approach the man , who sit , kneel with they head down . a kayapo then begin to paint fawcett and he son , giving they some kind of milky drink . the Indians paint the man 's chest too , around they neck and sterna . a close shot on percy fawcett . he stare at he son , who appear to be at peace . fawcett turn away . seem to drift off . we push ever closer on he . he look over , at the ground . he sees : the letter from nina . then : all sound from the jungle disappear . we : CUT to : int . dine room - lord bernard home - bright day 133 a close shot of nina , much younger than when we last left her . she be holding a baby . widen to reveal : a dining table , cover with food . crowd with presumably family and friend . a cheer go out . Nina and fawcett stand at the head of the table , have just arrive with they newborn : jack . Lord Bernard be here , too , as be the other face from we story 's open at the church . ( the scene be unnaturally quiet , almost like a hallucination . but it 's a event that it 's happen , a flashback . ) random woman so wonderful , little Jack ! ( to Nina ) and you -- you look so robust , and healthy ! nina fawcett thank you ... yes . I do feel better . fawcett pull out a chair for Nina and the baby . then : lord bernard a toast -- shall we ? laughter . laughter . lose City of Z White 7/31/15 126. nina fawcett yes , Lord Bernard . but --i -- I would * like , if I could , to read something first . * percy fawcett * ( as a joke ) * now I be in for it ! * * nina fawcett * I write it for you . in the event I * do not survive the birth . lord bernard * oh , but you do , my dear , thank * heaven ! she begin , read off a small piece of stationery as fawcett eye she : nina fawcett '' my percy , I know you first instinct will be to grieve , but I adjure you rather to consider we son and the love you must show he - - " ( look at young Jack ) see --? I know it would be a boy , and bear on the birthday of the buddha , no less ! * ( only some laughter ; back to * letter ) '' -- always teach he to dream . for * as the buddha teach , to seek the unknown , to look for what be beautiful , be its own reward . and I beg you to remember that word so easy to forget , write by we beloved brown - - allow I one last time to repeat they : '' a man 's reach should exceed he grasp , or what 's a heaven for ? '' my dearest love forever , cheeky . '' the woman at the table let out a collective '' awwww '' as fawcett smile , kiss he wife 's hand . he then look over to the baby , reach out to touch its hand . we match CUT : 134 135 lose City of Z White 7/31/15 127. ext . the jungle again 134 we be back where we be . or be we ? it 's oddly silent , save for fawcett 's breathe . percy touch he son 's hand . percy fawcett we be here , Jack ... you be right ... Z be all around we ... close up on percy fawcett as the Indians dance , lift and move he somewhat sloppily . it be not tender , but it be not violent , either . fawcett turn : musician and dancer circle what look like a plaza . in the distance : mound - shape house in endless row . they hold he aloft ... he reach up . sees something . tries to touch it . we see what percy fawcett sees : silhouetted : a gateway , a large arch , in the distance , through the tree . across the river . the Indians carry fawcett and now jack too . the kayapo begin a march ... they carry percy and jack up toward the gateway , which be high above the community ... percy sees score of torch , everywhere ... so many indian , so many people ... CUT to : a title card : '' four year later '' int . rgs office - day 135 seat behind he desk : sir JOHN scott keltie . keltie be near eighty now . entering : william barclay . keltie do not look up from he note . after a awkward beat : william barclay Sir John ? sir JOHN scott keltie yes ...? william barclay she 's outside again . keltie seem both sympathetic and peeve . after a beat : * % lose City of Z White 7/31/15 128. sir JOHN scott keltie bring she in . Barclay spin around , open the door . enter the room : nina fawcett . keltie get up , smile . put on he best behavior in she presence . william barclay miss Nina . sir JOHN scott keltie Nina my dear , how be you ? nina fawcett Sir John ... Mr. Barclay . sir JOHN scott keltie how may we be of help to you today ? Nina speak , but in a way that be almost interior , trancelike . her eye have a kind of thousand - yard stare , and she seem to connect , then turn inward , from moment to moment : nina fawcett a man ... come to see I yesterday . sir JOHN scott keltie a man ? nina fawcett he be from Brazil . he 's see percy , and Jack , live with the Indians . he say they claim to have reach Z. keltie try to hide he skepticism , but cannot . reaches out to Nina . tenderly : sir JOHN scott keltie my dear , it 's be year . almost a hundred man now have be send to look for you husband and son . I '' ... I be afraid they be no more . and I would advise ... he can not continue . tear well up in she eye - - and , amazingly , he get emotional as well . nina fawcett Sir John , I confess that the brutal wear and tear be great , and I suffer with heart and soul . ( more ) lose City of Z Green revision set 09/30/2015 129 . nina fawcett ( cont 'd ) it have take all my strength of will to push horror out of my thought ... then Nina seem to reconnect : nina fawcett ( cont ’d ) but I beg you not to lose confidence . I can not doubt -- after so many year of sacrifice -- it have become my own life 's work . it can not have all be in vain ... william barclay miss Nina , we do plan more search party . we do . no response . keltie look pain . he sit back down , behind he desk . nina fawcett the brazilian give I this , to give to you . he say percy tell he you would understand . Nina hand he the compass . keltie take the compass . tries to reveal not a hint of wide - eye shock . but he be shocked ! nina fawcett ( cont ’d ) I have train myself to be impartial to evidence , but surely this be a sign . sir JOHN scott keltie ( in a state of shock ) I -- I will have it examine ... nina fawcett thank you , Sir John . it be all I can ask . Nina withdraw again . devastate by he word . a beat , and then she nod , turn , leave . keltie look up after she have leave . take the compass in he hand , be white as a sheet ! sir JOHN scott keltie ( to himself ) good God ... william barclay what be it , Sir John ? anything ? at all ? lose City of Z White 7/31/15 130 . Sir John look up at Barclay . we : * 136 int . hallway - royal geographical society 136 Nina enter the hall . the camera pan with she . we watch she solitary figure walk off , back to we ... and as she make the turn in the hallway , she enter : the jungle . the hallway become dark jungle ! she disappear into the darkenss . and CUT to : * * + eh then we hear : a narrator many rescue group be send to find percy and Jack fawcett , but none be successful . Nina fawcett keep hope that they would return up until she death in 1954 . 137 ext . amazonia 137 a aerial shot of the amazon river , snake through GREEN forest ... a narrator ( cont ’d ) though many recognize fawcett 's attitude toward the people of amazonia to be ahead of its time , he belief in a lose city be ridicule for almost a hundred year . but early in the 21st century , scientist be astonished to discover key evidence of ancient road , bridge , and complex agricultural system spread throughout the jungle : a advanced civilization . ( beat ) the modern age have come to see , in * this way too , that percy fawcett * be correct . CUT to black . the end