the predator by Shane Black & Fred dekker base on the character create by Jim Thomas & John Thomas revised draft 04-17-2016 space cold. Silent . a billion twinkle star . then ... a bass rumble rise . become a bone -rattling roar as -- a spacecraft rachet past camera , fuel cable whipping into frame , tear loose ! titanium scream as the ship detach violently ; shard cascading in zero gravity --! ( note : for reason that will become apparent , we let we call this vessel '' the ark . '' ) wider - the ark as it hurtle away from a docking gantry underneath a vastly larger ship it be attach to . wobbly . desperate . we be witness a hijack . wider still - the predator mother ship dwarf the escape vessel . loom ; like a nautilus of mold black steel . int . predator mother ship back by the glow of compu-screen , a half - glimpse alien -- a predator -- watch the recede ark through a viewport . ( note : we see he mostly in shadow , full reveal to come ) . int . smaller vessel ( ark ) emergency light illuminate a dank , organic-looking interior . camera move past : EIGHT stasis cylinder around the periphery . frost cloud the cryotube , prevent we from see the '' passenger . '' finally , camera arrive at -- a hulking , dread - locked figure the pilot of this crippled ship . we do not see he fully either , but for the record ? this be we '' good '' predator . '' he talon dance across a control panel ; a shrill beep ..! predator symbol , but we get the idea : error--error--error -- we predator tap more control . feverish . until -- ext . ark a final tether come loose , venting plasma energy , and -- through the viewport , the ark be envelop by a blinding light -- then a swirl of particle ENERGY , as we -- smash to : starfield . silence . then -- the ark drop out of hyperspace . shudder into a new orbit ... approach what be , in fact , a dying planet . Ice cap melting ; atmosphere toxify ; the dominant species continually find new way to fuck thing up . oddly , the only planet in we solar system not name after a God : Earth . int . the ark - damaged from the getaway SPARKS , gag smoke ... we predator realize he 's on a sink ship ... he program a new command sequence ; on a monitor - a graphic of the cryotube . a scrolling countdown , commence -- in predator symbol . a self destruct sequence ..? one last thing : the predator tap the panel again -- and a slot open , revealing a device like a steampunk tv remote . this be the kujhad . remember it . he extract it from its slot and -- k-chk ! snap it into its own wrist computer . then he rise urgently , and ... ext . stratosphere the ark shudder , penetrate earth 's atmosphere , as : whoosh ! a escape pod , jettisoned ... from the main body of the craft . a series of rippling shimmer engulf it , and before we eye , it auto - engage stealth camouflage -- and vanish ..! pause . then ... a rise swell of jungle noise ... it begin . CUT to : a man in tight close - up rugged face . stubble . he 's look down , eye red-rimme with fatigue , as we hear : a hollow trickle of piss in plastic . he finish . screw the top back on a thermos . then lower it , where it dangle on a thin nylon line because we be -- ext . cuban jungle - day with the soldier , perch in a gnarled tree ... thirty feet off the ground . he shift in he '' nest . '' bring to bear a m24 sniper rifle . meet lieutenant quinn mckenna , 30 . on the back of he hand ... a fade ( yet prominent ) crescent scar . souvenir of another fight . super : cayo muerto , cuba we hear a talkie squelch -- then a tinny voice from he bluetooth headset : haine 's talkie voice ( filter ) piggy one , copy . ( beat ) piggy one , this be piggy two , do you copy ? mckenna ( into headset mike ) I be pee . do you mind ..? another radio voice join the conversation , filter : dupree 's S talkie voice piggy Three . I have a question , over . mckenna cut the chatter . he crack he neck , then adjust he scope . dupree 's talkie voice seriously . if you be the one that go to market , right ? that mean haine and I , we get to choose between the roast beef and the stay home . right ? mckenna dupree , I swear to God -- mckenna press he eye to the rifle sight . he Pov - through he scope a mansion . neoclassical . built in the 1850s , but paint hot Havana aquamarine . surrounded by high wall and roam sentries . you guess it : a drug lord 's compound . dupree 's talkie voice I just wanna be the stay home piggy , that 's all I be say . haine 's talkie voice mckenna . we get a problem . mckenna tense . mckenna what be it ? haine 's talkie voice you can not be the one who go to market . you already go wee wee wee . mckenna shake he head ; he 's so over this asshole . he wipe away sweat , swivel the rifle , seeing : a SMALL convoy , now on the dirt road lead into the compound . black suv . mckenna ( all business ) eye north . haine 's talkie voice I see it . mckenna stay sharp . ranging now . he press he eye to the scope , panning with : the suv as they stop , dust rise . drug soldier besiege the vehicle -- roughly pulling out several hostage with pillow case over they head . a man in a silk shirt appear . the drug lord face the sagging hostage , contemptuous . his man raise they weapon . mckenna ( cont ’d ) ( into com ) target in the reticle , no cross wind . I be not wait , 10 - 50 out . tight close - up on he thumb as he slowly , silently , flick the safety catch . he center the drug Lord 's head in the crosshair . stop breathe . all in all , a pretty crappy time for a EARTHQUAKE . a deep bass rumble , come from ... where ? above ? as , utterly without warning -- the top of the drug lord 's mansion -- sheared off before our eye . a tsunami of debris , blow loose . expelled -- whatever cause it , it 's head right at mckenna . he drop the rifle ; grab he combat knife to CUT himself loose -- tumble , as the canopy of green erupt --! CUT to black . time CUT : mckenna , on the ground amid sudden silence . on he side now , face in the dirt ... slanted Pov show that the ufo just effectively punched a tunnel in the jungle , strewn with smoking debris and pulped branch . he blink . no tell how long he be out . a minute ? a hour ? he look up , key he headset : mckenna ( cont 's D ) piggy team , do you copy ? in he ear , only static . mckenna ( cont 's D ) goddammit , copy ! still : nothing but static . mckenna stumble to he foot . feeling expose . tree , aflame . smoke everywhere . exhales raggedly , all too aware he 's squarely in the debris field leave by the spacecraft . only now , he 's seeing : the predator ejection pod it lie hiss , spitting . swamp in plant matter . he ease to a halt . wary . sights through he scope and we notice , first off -- the hatch . it 's open , steam curling from inside . he stalk forward , past the muddy , smoking impact crater . look down . frown : droplet of fluorescent fluid on the ground . lying amidst they , something we recognize : a predator wrist gauntlet . discard ? jarred loose ? beside it , he notice something else : a tiny metal device that resemble a trilobite . a cloaking ball . mckenna stoops -- palm the alien-look device ... hear voice . he dive behind a fall log . snap the rifle to he shoulder , sight downrange . 300 yard -- people be swarm out of the drug mansion . fuck . he nervously juggle the metal ball .... absently depress a switch ( a electronic hum ) -- he look leave -- all clear . glance over he shoulder . look to he right -- ohmyfuck God . jump a foot . a fucking predator . two foot away -- and it be not there a second ago . he scramble backward , blink : the predator , stock still . no reaction . simply lie there , all eight foot of it . its mask askew . we realize : he 's be there all along . mckenna merely de-cloaked he . he hold he breath , cautious not to wake the sleep beast . that say , he can not resist . lick he lip , reach ... cautiously lift the dislodge battle mask wear by the predator . look down , blanching -- at the insectile craziness this thing call a face . mckenna ( cont 's D ) fuck I . he dry -wash he face with he hand . scan the alien tech -- mask , gauntlet . evidence . with quick , practice move , stashes they in he pack -- mckenna ( cont 's D ) sorry , bud . without this , no one 's gonna believe I . he start to go , stop . look back , say softly : mckenna ( cont 's D ) welcome to earth , brother . just so you know ..? ( light up ) it only get worse from here . he turn . run ... as he leave frame , camera settles on the hulk , sprawle predator -- its eye SNAP OPEN . ext . jungle - with mckenna - day move through the overgrowth . sudden crackle of radio chatter : haine 's talkie voice ( 0.s. ) repeat : switch to 30 - 30 , dupree , do you copy ? they 're back online . bingo . mckenna stop , key he walkie : mckenna piggy two , respond , over . haine 's talkie voice mckenna , be that you ? now dupree 's voice join in : dupree 's S talkie voice hi , guy . can I just say - - holy shit ? mckenna we be blow . move out , converge for extraction . haine 's voice copy that . I have visual on dupree , I -- what the fuck ..? mckenna freeze . mckenna do not copy that . talk to I , haine . haine 's voice I ... there 's something move ... ( beat ) dupree , break leave , break leave --! mckenna talk to I , what 's happen ?? a rattle of machine gun FIRE -- brrrappp !!! -- a series of strangle human scream . he doesn ’t need the walkie , he can hear they -- mckenna charge back in the direction he just come from . he snap he rifle to he shoulder ; tearing through the brush . heartbeat thudding in he ear ... as : a new SOUND , now -- rising . a low , bass thumping -- whup - whup -whup . he look up , sees : a black helicopter inbound , range 500 meter . what the hell ? skim the treeline ... on a bee-line for the drug Lord 's compound . mckenna frown : he extraction ..? no. impossible . wrong helicopter . he heave to he foot , switch on he mic : mckenna ( into mic ) ( cont ’d ) mayday . tic in process . bogey inbound . ah - 6 Little Bird , black , no marking . who send this gu -- the chopper unleashes two AIR -to-surface rocket . a sudden , sky-high whooosh ... mckenna , agape -- they come vectore in , remorseless . detonate --! say goodbye to the mansion . the sentries . the drug Lord . and he Soldiers . and the hostages . all go in one horrendous , volcanic second -- pretty much the job mckenna come here to do . except no prisoner , no witness , no mercy . scorch . Fucking . Earth . the chopper bank sharply , come in for a landing . black - clad merc , already lean out the side ... mckenna debris pelting down around he . stumble , gun up -- burst through a thicket into a clear -- back where he left the predator but no predator . just a sea of blood . the remains of two soldier ; dress like mckenna . same camo face paint , jungle khakis . his man . mckenna spin , gun tracking . sights down the barrel : black ops merc from the helicopter . headed he way . no way out . mckenna look to he team ; shred . eviscerate . draw a shudder breath ... bolt . deeper into the jungle -- leave they behind , as over the scene , from everywhere and nowhere , a pierce shriek -- a eerie predator war cry , echoing ... as we end sequence . cross fade to : ext . busy cuban STREET ( agujero mierda ) - day traffic . choke fume . blare afro-cuban jazz . three cuban police officer push through the local . flash a 8x10 photograph . chatter urgently . close on photo a Air Force Lieutenant in dress blue . handsome . clean -shaven . mckenna . the cop pass by a alley , routinely peer inside -- empty . dead end . garbage can , filth , dry urine . a cat . no sign of mckenna . they move on . we hold as ... 10. the brindle cat begin to ripple . to distort . glass - like human contour appear , against the surround stucco . a crackle of energy , like tv static , as -- a man materialize before we eye . bedraggle , unshaven . edgy . mckenna . he’s using the predator 's cloaking ball . int . sleazy cantina - day ( moment later ) a unsavory patron sit at a table , alone . a voice : mckennaa voice ( 0o.s. ) dominguez . mckenna '' de-cloak , '' again use the predator device . seem to walk out of the wall . dominguez , suitably terrify -- mckenna toss a BOX onto the table : thunk --! mckenna ( subtitled ) this need to get across the border . U.S.A . no molestar , comprende ? mckenna sweep side tatter drape to reveal a squat , ugly building . the U.S. consulate . mckenna ( subtitled ) ( cont ’d ) mail out of the consolate have immunity . get it on the embassy truck . dominguez eye the parcel . dominguez ( subtitled ) I be very scared of the way you appear to materialize out of the wall . mckenna plunk 12 thousand peso on the table . in English : mckenna do it . or i’1ll find you . CUT to : ext . cantina - day mckenna step outside , affect nonchalance -- 11. the clatter of m4 be heft and aim at he head . a suite man step into view . intense , calculate eye . clearly in charge . for the record ? agent traeger , CIA . traeger mckenna . you have be busy . mckenna who the fuck be you ? traeger flash he id . gesture to the police . traeger my friend here 's 1l escort you to the airfield . get a DC - 8 all gass up and ready to go . mckenna wow . thanks , pal . where to ? traeger can not decide . either six flag , or a remote secure prison . mckenna I do not like roller coaster . traeger there it be , then . he fire from the hip . a dart embed itself in mckenna . CUT to : ext . suburban school ( georgia ) - establishing - day a proud sign : lawrence G. gordon middle school '' Home of the Warrior '' halloween haunt 10/25 welcome parent & std CUT to : a black knight as it topple a white pawn on a chess board . int . science classroom - day the room 's hushed . respectful . because at lunchtime , that tabletop with the sink ? they make way for the chess club . 12. six or seven game , in progress . the science teacher eat he lunch at he desk , as ... oh , yeah . we should probably mention the awkward kid eat a sandwich with the crust cut off as he wander , scrutinize every game , like a NASA scientist . this be rory , 12 . he do not know it yet , but he 's go to save the world . ext . school breezeway - day two bully stand near a fire alarm , dare each other to pull it . meet e.j. and derek . they will grow up , get bald , and attempt to sell you a car . int . science CLASS - day the alarm peal , deafen . everyone 's up like a shot , quickly shuffling out of the room . leave : rory , who -- nobody notice -- be curl up in a fetal ball ; finger in he ear , eye squeeze shut , the alarm like fingernails on a chalkboard to he . e.j. and derek appear at the door ... Spot rory , who flinch ; a deer in headlight . the bully move in for the kill ... derek hey , e.j. , you hungry ?! e.j. Hell , yeah ! you know what I be hungry for ? a ass burger ! he kick rory . the nick - name confirm we suspicion : the awkward kid be awkward for a reason : the autism spectrum . derek mm , that sound delicious ! a big , juicy ass burger . derek get he kick in . they be about to unleash more when -- the alarm stop . sudden , unnerve quiet . time run out , e.j. and derek look around for one last indignity . they settle for this : knocking over all the chess piece . every game ruin . he and derek trade a laughing high - five , and they be gone . 13 . for a quiet , electric moment , rory be alone in the room . his eye flicker across the chess board : mental inventory . beat . then -- he scramble into action . it take a moment to register what he 's do . another to believe it . he put back every chess piece on every board exactly as they be before the fire alarm .. the chess Club member filter in and return to they game , none the wiser . off rory , beam silently -- CUT to : ext . suburb - day head home . rory lope along , talk to himself . suddenly : a strident barking from behind a picket fence , where : a pit bull growls and snap from between the post . rory freak ; give the dog a wide berth , clearly terrify . int . kitchen - rory 's house - day the sound of a key in a lock , then rory come through the back door . replace the key under the porch mat . a stain -- on the kitchen wall briefly make he fixate . seepage . a water spot . he grab a paper towel , delicately blot away the run-off -- go to the refrigerator . on which , a hand - write note : spent 1.5 hrs cleaning house . if you mess it up , I will CUT you . xoxo mom a doorbell ring off-screen , and -- int . foyer - same rory open the door , be greet by a postal worker . postal worker quinn mckenna live here ? rory blink , not sure what to say . postal worker ( cont ’d ) do not mean to stump you . how 's this : be quinn mckenna you mom , or you dad ? 14 . rory ( nod ) dad . postal worker now we be gettin’ somewhere . he upend a handcart -- dump a big stack of letter and box onto the porch . postal worker ( cont ’d ) his p.o. box payment be past due . I be real sorry . he start away . hesitates . postal worker ( cont ’d ) guess he 's not around much , huh ? rory nod . awkward . the postman frown : postal worker ( cont ’d ) lotta D.C. post mark . government work ? rory mos 11b3vw3. the postman , confuse . rory ( cont ’d ) military designation . ( beat ) he kill people . the postman decide he 's do here . rory watch he go , as we pan the huge stack of mail , so that we see : mcckenna’s parcel from cuba . CUT to : int . dog park near U.C. berkeley - day casey brackett , 27 , sit on a bench , red pencile papers . leash dangle from one arm ... a dog bark crazily 0o.s. casey ( to unseen dog ) summer ! stop that ! that 's not yours , do it look like it 's yours ? 15 . a jogger with a dog run by ; eye casey . perhaps '' ogle '' would be more apt . he backtrack . jog in place beside she , catch he breath . jogger how 's it goin 's ? he huff , as though have just push a boulder uphill . elaborately towel he neck . a curt dog - yelp , off -screen -- casey ( to unseen dog ) teddy ! knock it off , you can see she do not like that ! the jogger , persistent . extends he hand : jogger see you around here . Doug amaturo . he conspicuously scritch the ear of he designer dog -- jogger ( cont ’d ) this be barkolepsy . she have a ... sleep thing . she 's a lab -- casey -- labradoodle . hypoallergenic cross between a poodle and a labrador . casey stand , start to walk . persistant guy , follow -- jogger ( impressed ) right . that 's right . be you a breeder ? casey Science professor . Berkeley . jogger what do you teach ? casey evolutionary biology . the science of how creature change , adapt . jogger you mean , like ... how a man change when he meet a attractive woman ? casey grin sourly . 16 . casey more like -- survival of the fittest . jogger you believe in that stuff ? casey you mean science ? yeah . yes , I do . ( beat ) it 's funny , darwin think it be about strength , agility , intelligence ... this day , you just have to be a rich , fat white guy . jogger I ... what ? casey Drop a ceo into the serengeti . only question -- what color animal shit he out . my vote ? reddish -tan . the jogger : gulp . he nod slowly . jogger um , I do not wanna hold you up so ... he bolt . casey reach in she jacket , fish out a silver flask -- swig -- a kindly old lady look up , say : old lady I could not help overhear . can I ask you something , professor ? casey please . old lady what do you student call you ? casey '' Professor , '' mostly . old lady ( smile sweetly ) maybe they should call you Sunshine . a voice interrupt : voice Doctor brackett ? 17 . casey turn -- three CIA agent stand there . a sedan with government plate idle ominously behind they . the lead agent be church , 30 . agent church I understand you enjoy star gaze . casey blink . wif ? then we get it : some kind of code . agent church ( cont ’d ) my man will take care of you dog . would you come with I , please ? off casey , rattle . CUT to : int . government sedan - same casey and the CIA man climb into the back . as the driver pull out , she look out the back -- at she dog . agent church ( cont ’d ) Dog person , huh ? casey hey , they do not judge you , they do not lie . people have hide agendas . animal just love you , or -- tear you throat out . I kinda have to respect that . Church hand she a file folder . agent church how be you with higher form of life ? casey I be not aware there be any . as she open the file , he shine a pen light to illuminate the top sheet : classified : project stargazer the letterhead ? a familiar eagle - and -shield insignia : CIA . the page have be stamp top secret : memorandum for cleare personnel subject : class 4 incursion -- cayo muerta , Cuba casey frown . glance at the agent . be this a joke ? she speed - read the next page . a brief on the discovery of the escape pod in the jungle . then -- 8x10 photo : 18 . the debris field ; the char escape pod . next -- mckenna 's military portrait -- the one traeger be show the local in Cuba . she flip to the last photo ; draw a sharp breath . satellite photo : through tree , vine ... a figure . blurry . indistinct . it 's a photograph of the predator . as we pre - lap a clap of thunder -- CUT to : ext . corpus christie v.a . - night lightn dance across the Texas plain as the cloud open . super : veteran 's S administration corpus christie , TEXAS v.a. psychiatrist ( over ) so , you be deny what you say about some '' thing '' in the jungle ? int . interview room - night mckenna sit in a plastic chair at a table , the rain beat on a skylight high above . he 's wear a orange jumpsuit . mckenna I think this be a psych eval . the v.a. psychologist stand by , watch a mo tech attach two pnuemo-tube around mckenna 's chest . v.a. psych that 's right . mckenna so why the polygraph ? the Med tech attaches finger pad and a blood pressure cuff . v.a. psych it 's common with high risk civil servant . we need to know if you pose a threat . mckenna I be a assassin . figure pose a threat be kind of the fuck point . v.a. psych ( smile ) I mean to the general public . ( more ) 19 . v.a. psych ( cont 'd ) or yourself . you have be ... struggle with ptsd , it 's in you file . mckenna exhales . now he get it . mckenna I get it . you be not here to find out if I be crazy -- you be here to make sure the label stick . v.a. psych you think you be be railroad ? mckenna I can see the track on the floor . off the psych 's sudden raise eyebrow : mckenna ( cont 's D ) I do not really see track on the floor . relax . the psych nod : v.a. psych but you do see a vast ... cover-up . the psychologist switch on the polygraph machine . a laptop glow with a graph of mckenna 's vital . game on . v.a. psych ( cont ’d ) tell I about cayo muerto , Cuba . mckenna people die . I see something I be not suppose to . pretty simple . the psychologist look at the polygraph . barely a flicker . all graph straight as arrow . mckenna ( cont ! D ) you 's be gonna have to do better 'o that , doc . I be torture for 48 hour in Kandahar . v.a. psych you think I be the enemy , do not you , Lieutenant ? 20 . mckenna I think you want I to say something crazy , so you can lock I in a room and throw away the room . that 's what I think . v.a. psych maybe some time in a quiet room would do you some good . mckenna you know what would do I some good ? know who -- or what -- kill my man . and what that thing in the jungle be . and why the fuck a Black ops helicopter conveniently show up out of nowhere to make sure there be not any witness . ( beat ) know all that shit ? that --? that would do I some good . the Doc look at the polygraph screen . now some flicker . oh , shit . psych specialist let 's talk about Kandahar . a spike on the graph . mckenna oooh , big spike . you get I now . psych specialist you be pin down . you lose a friend . you get capture , interrogate . forget the detail , but since then --? you spend most of you time in country ... estrange from you wife and son because you do not feel like -- well , you deserve a normal life . you feel like a ... stranger on you own planet , do not you , Lieutenant ? mckenna ( huge ) a alien , you mean ? the molecule in the air stop move . mckenna ( cont 's D ) like the one in the jungle , right ? his eye gleam . a sick grin . goading . 21 . mckenna ( cont 's D ) be that good ? be that what you want ? do I get a cookie now ? on the polygraph monitor all graph spiking spastically . if he be fight the appearance of be crazy ... he 's fail . mckenna ( cont 's D ) I think we be do here . v.a. psych as do i. CUT to : ext . corpus christie v.a . - night something like a prison bus idle in front of the administration building , as staff escort mckenna into -- int . v.a. bus - drive - night mckenna drop into a seat . the bus jerk forward , rain spatter the window . while , in the darkness ... seven men in prison scrub ; eye that have see shit that would turn you hair white . mckenna note a hulk form manacle beside he . also in he 30 , with a comma of dark hair and a scar across one eye . meet nebraska william . he notice mckenna 's gaze . william get a smoke ? mckenna pretty sure they do not allow that on the bus . william ( shrug ) can not blame a guy for try . after a pause : mckenna I be mckenna . you ? william nebraska . 22 . mckenna be that you real name ? william name 's gaylord . mckenna good call . mckenna look out the window thoughtfully . mckenna ( cont 's D ) how have you snag a ticket on this shitmobile , anyway ? william ( impassive ) kill my c.o. this give mckenna pause . for serviceman , this be not small potato . mckenna any particular reason ? william ( another shrug ) guy be a asshole . mckenna sit very still . the bus drive on . CUT to : ext . desert - abandoned military base - night desolate . windswept . a small cluster of squat building guard by razor wire and ' no trespassing 's sign . a hh-60 pave hawk appear and sets down , dust swirl . two security merc jump out , assist casey from the open hatch . ( note : '' Project : stargazer '' be guard by private CIA - hire mercenary like the one mckenna see in Cuba . they be not U.S. military servicemen . the short version ? stargazer = bad guy ; U.S. military = good guy . ) a gate clatter OPEN -- reveal a small , square structure . the size of a one - car garage . a merc go to the code box as Church hand she a clipboard : 23 . agent church non-disclosure agreement . casey I sign that when they recruit I , two year ago . agent church it 's a rider . New information 's come to light in the last forty - eight hour . reluctantly , she sign the nda ; be gesture forward . Church remain behind -- conspicuously . he do not have clearance . the code box emit a hollow click ! and blast door slide OPEN , to reveal : int . security checkpoint - continuous small , compact room . a technician stand at a work station . scanner ; camera ; printer . on the wall : a big red button . quick cut - i.d. montage as the technician scan casey 's retinas -- she hand print -- a bar code print out -- then casey be stand against a bare wall , and off a digital camera flash -- a laminated photo id badge now hang around she neck . she look up , awkward . now what ? the technician turn to the big red button ; slam it -- the whole room shudder and we hear a whine from all around we because ... the room be a elevator . CUT to : int . project stargazer the elevator door slide OPEN to reveal ... a vast underground complex . technician bustle to and for , include ( as casey duly note ) some with lab coat and scrub . casey be draw into a small viewing room like a operate theater , look down through rake glass into the MAIN lab . she see mo tech in biohazard suit around a custom - build table with stirrup and monitor . take a breath now -- 24 . because there , strapped to the table , be something she 's wait she whole life to see : a actual , live , extra - terrestrial life form . in this case --? a capture , unconscious predator . a involuntary gasp from casey , as we see in she eye : she world have change . o.s. voice ( colwell ) ma’ be . she spin , almost jump out of she skin . a bespectacle man in the doorway behind she : doctor sean colwell . colwell do not mean to startle you . I be Doctor colwell . he enter , shake she hand . colwell ( cont ’d ) I be tell you pretty much write the book on evolutionary biology . casey 's still rattle by the sight of the predator . casey four , actually . ( sheepish ) um ... book ... colwell so you know you stuff . how have they rope you into this ..? she look back into the lab below . pensive . casey I write a letter when I be six . Said I love animal and ... if NASA ever find a space animal , they should call I . ( beat ) couple year ago , they put I ona short list because of a paper I write on hybrid strain . a computer have cross-referenced my letter . colwell ( smile ) NASA still have it , huh ? casey shake she head . 25 . colwell ( cont ’d ) the oval Office . ( beat ) I write the letter to Clinton . he think it be cute so it 's be in there ever since . in the lab below traeger ( the CIA man we meet in Cuba ) squint up through the glass of the view booth . key a intercom button : traeger ( on intercom ) Doctor brackett ..? she nod , tentative . he gesture . traeger ( cont 's D ) would you like to meet the predator ? time -cut to : int . decon chamber White . sterile . casey and colwell enter through a airlock hatch . it seal shut with a hiss , air-tight . pre -recorded voice chamber secure . remove garment . casey ( to voice ) you be not gonna buy I a drink first ? she and colwell start to strip , separate by a partition . series of cut -- decon casey , naked in a new chamber -- the room flare white hot . burn off she outer layer of skin -- then : pre -recorded voice protocol complete . she don a hazmat suit , all business . dismissive of she nudity . she know she can halt traffic , do not much care . colwell appear beside she , also in hazmat . go to the door . press he eye and hand to scanner : 26 . colwell colwell , Sean H. the last hatch shush OPEN , and colwell lead the way into : int . MAIN lab - continuous traeger approach she , hand extend : traeger thanks for come . I be sure - - ( a understatement ) -- you have question . casey two , actually . she nod to the dormant predator . casey ( cont ’d ) why do you call it '' the predator '' ? traeger just a nick - name . the data suggest it track its prey , seem to ... well , enjoy it . like a game . casey that 's a hunter . traeger I be sorry ? casey that 's a hunter . not a predator . predator kill for food , to survive . there 's only one animal on earth that hunt for sport . traeger try not to roll he eye ; '' liberal . '' casey pace beside the predator . regards its mandible feature with something akin to wonder . whisper : casey ( cont ’d ) you ... be one beautiful motherfucker . traeger I be go to assume you second question be : why be you here ? a ironic grin from casey . '' bingo . '' 27 . traeger ( cont 's D ) we test result yield something a little ... odd . we be wonder if maybe you could shed some light on it . he nod to colwell , who produce a tablet . he show casey a read-out . she study it for a second ... then blanch . casey be this a joke ? colwell ( shake he head ) we run the genome sequence ten time . this specimen have -- casey -- human DNA . she look at they , baffle . how be that possible ? traeger we know about spontaneous speciation . mostly plant and insect , but -- colwell -- some mammal . sheep , goat . Red wolf be know to be a hybrid of coyote and gray wolf . traeger exactly . possibly some form of recombinant technology , or ... casey ( interrupt ) guy , I get it . ( beat ) you want to know if someone fuck a predator . int . v.a. bus - drive - night trundle through the night ; rain-lash . on mckenna , asleep in the strobing dark ; rain drum like gunfire at the window . memory flash : rubble -strewn STREET - kandahar - day 28 . mckenna , several year young , in desert camo , flak , full battle rattle . he and he squad taking cover , breathless . he glance at the soldier next to he . pale , tremble . bleed out from stray shrapnel . the soldier keens with pain , as -- urgent voice , close by . speak pashto . the wounded soldier moan loudly . shit . he 's go to give away they position . mckenna grab he ; clamp a hand over he mouth as the taliban soldier get closer -- and as the soldier bite into mckenna 's hand to distract himself from the overwhelming pain -- int . v.a. bus - drive ( back to scene ) as mckenna wake . no startle -awake bullshit -- simply come to . fully aware . his hand , near he head ... the scar we see in cayo muerte : prominent . now we know how he get it . from the back of the bus , now , a voice : coyle hey , baxley ! get a question for ya . how do you circumcise a homeless man ? he 's address a prisoner at the front , baxley , whose eye thin to slit . clearly , this two have a history . coyle ( cont ’d ) kick you mom in the chin ! one of the mps at the front weigh in : mp on bus shut the fuck up back there ! mckenna eye he measly protein bar . say to Williams : mckenna dinner and a show . great. ( indicate stoic baxley ) he just sit there . william he ’1ll kill he one of this day . mckenna what 's stop he ? 29 . william he like the joke . mckenna look to a third prisoner , talk to himself nervously , tourette 's : flyboy . william ( cont ’d ) that 's flyboy . Three tour piloting huey . now he get jumpy when he 's not in the air . mckenna nod to a older vet -- nettle . william ( cont ’d ) nettles . ordnance man . they give he a medal for blow up half a mountain in Mosul . mckenna why 's he here ? william blew up the other half , too . ( beat ) everyone 's get a story . what 's yours ? mckenna you would not believe I . william this be the batshit bus . try I . mckenna shrug . mckenna all right . ( deep breath ) I have a run - in with a space alien . they want to put a lid on it , so ... here I be . Williams look out the window , shaking he head . tsk tsk . william goddamn space alien . int . MAIN lab ( project stargazer ) - as before casey , examine the dormant predator . shine a penlight -- check pupil dilation . casey you run iris biometrics ? 30 . a nearby mo tech nod . casey turn to traeger . casey ( cont ’d ) do you have the file they give I ? the incident in cayo muerto ..? traeger nod to the mo tech . the file be quickly produce and casey flip to the blurry photo of the predator . point : casey ( cont ’d ) in this photo , it 's wear some kind of ... atmosphere mask , a biohelmet . traeger we look , believe I . she notice something else : casey and look at the wrist computer . something 's miss . sure enough , the predator 's wrist computer be OPEN -- a empty slot where the kujhad should be . she look at traeger : casey ( cont ’d ) where be they ? traeger and colwell trade uneasy glance . after a beat , casey re-open the file . flip to the photo of ... mckenna . casey ( cont ’d ) be this the man who make first contact ? ( colwell nod ) I have like to talk to he . colwell he 's en route to lockdown in a military psych ward . casey well , if you be go to lobotomize he , can I ask he some question first ? int . v.a. bus - drive - night one of the mp respond to a squawk from he radio . speak ( '' go ahead '' ) . as he listen , he eye drift to mckenna -- mp on bus read you five - by-five . out. 31 . ext . rain - swept highway - night gear grind . the bus steer to a halt , sloshing water .. promptly execute a ponderous and awkward u-turn . through glass : we push in on mckenna , confuse ... CUT to : ext . rory 's house ( georgia ) - night Neighborhood sound : thrum of cicadas , bad tv , distant siren . a dinge subaru Outback pull into the driveway . int . rory 's house - moment later rory 's mom , emily -- pretty , 30 , beleaguere -- come through the back door into the kitchen , arm weight down by shopping bag . she call out : emily rory ? I be home ! I get you something ! rory -- ? rory appear -- Mom give he a quick kiss . she see a stack of language book on the counter : french , german , swedish . emily ( cont ’d ) you do one of this after school ? rory I do all of they after school . she smile , fumble with a bag from target . emily so look . I get you two option ... she pull out two boxed halloween costume -- like that Ben Cooper special from yesteryear . in this case ..? emily ( cont ’d ) pirate ..? or frankenstein ..? she hold up each with equal gusto ; he regards she blankly : rory what 's frankenstein ? emily you know -- frankenstein . mad doctor make he out of dead people ? bolt on he neck ? walk around ? rory like '' walk Dead '' ? 32 . emily no , frankenst ... Green skin ? he meet wolfman ? rory look at she like she grow a tail . exasperate , she hold up the other BOX as if she son just win a prize . emily ( cont ’d ) let 's go with pirate -- !! but he 's not really buy any of it . he take the mask out of the box , reluctantly put it on . rory 's Pov : the sound of he breathing as , through the eye hole , we see : that water spot -- the one on the kitchen wall , as memory flash : rory , a mere babe in he mother 's arm as mckenna drive a fist through the spot , for reason long forget , and -- back to present it 's be plaster over ; yet the ghost of mckenna 's rage continue to ooze out ... rory put the pirate mask down : rory it 's too small . the guy will ... you know . ( shrug ) they 'il still be able to tell . rory 's mom tell what ? rory that it 's I . ( set the box down ) no big deal . dad 's always tell I to be a big boy . he start out of the room . emily I love you , peanut . rory ( half -heart ; in swedish ) jag alskar dig . his mom look after he , blink back tear . 33 . int . basement - night rory come down the step to he lair : recycle pcs , save from dumpster . multiple on-line game glow . a hang sign read : '' control area . '' rory sit , finger blur as he speed run through two game simultaneously . but gradually ... he distraction win . he turn to look at he work table , on which reside : the parcel from cuba . he suck in a sharp breath . go to it ... and tear it OPEN like a Christmas present . reaches in , and remove ... Holy shit -- the battle -scarred predator biohelmet . the iconic war mask from five separate film . it dwarf this suburban boy 's delicate hand . he examine it . set it aside , reach for the next prize : the kujhad ; the data-storage device . it glisten in he grasp . he heft it like a light - sabre . then -- curiously , hesitantly , press a button on the device . nothing . emboldene , he press another . and another . and anoth -- bleep --! oooh , shit . a display blink on ; glowing red symbol scrolling in cryptic pattern . rory 's eye widen as we -- CUT to : ext . outer space cold . Silent . our open shot all over again , as ... a looming spacecraft enter frame . bulbous . cockroach - shape . we have see it before : the predator mother ship from we open ; docking gantry below still scar and shred from where the ark detach . int . predator ship - same Quick , tantalize glimpsis of this new , different predator . we still do not see he fully . not yet . as we will come to learn : this be a upgrade . 34 . it tap a control pad -- and a display appear , similar to rory 's . speak of whom : int . basement - rory scribble the symbol from the kujhad on a peechee folder . glance up -- the symbol change . blip -! just like that , a new sequence . rory scrunches up he face . huh . have you ever see someone '' do math '' by use they finger to create invisible equation in the air ? well , that 's what rory do now , except ... the symbol he wrote lift off the paper , superimposed for we to see . he do some mental calculation , and -- the symbol re-arrange . ( note : this be not real . it depict rory 's mental process . we be literally watch he translate predator language . ) he tap button , cause the display to change back , and -- int . predator ship - that moment the upgrade react as he read - out change , too . a glitch ? he tap the control , reverting it to its previous version -- int . basement - rory see the display change again -- and override it exactly as he do before . '' take that ! '' and we realize -- we kid be remotely futzing a incoming predator spacecraft ! int . predator ship the upgrade , all business . slam in a code , and -- ext . stratosphere - the predator ship with shimmer spasm , its stealth capability be engage and the ship literally vanish --! int . basement - on rory grinning at the new code sequence . it 's a game ! gleefully , he punch in the same sequence , only in reverse , and -- ext . stratosphere the transparent predator mother ship become visible again --! 35 . int . basement - on rory a voice from upstairs break the moment : emily ( 0o.s . ) you okay down there , kiddo ? rory freeze , try to sound like everything 's normal . rory just play game , mom ! emily ( 0o.s. ) Love you ! rory oui , j'aime mar mére ! CUT to : close on a tracking monitor as a blip appear . then vanish . then re-appear . int . satellite tracking station - night a tech sergeant in army khaki watch the blip on he scope . super : kaena point tracking station -- oahu , hawaii the analyst flag he supervisor . tracking analyst Sir ? his uniform supervisor walk over . tracking supervisor whatcha get , sergeant ? tracking analyst weird - ass bogey , sir . what do you make of it ? they watch as the blip vanish and re-appear sporadically . other tech look on curiously . the supervisor frown . tracking supervisor get I norad . int . MAIN lab ( project stargazer ) - as before casey , bent over a electron microscope . intent . examine the predator 's blood . traeger , over she shoulder -- 36 . she rise from the microscope , see a blood centrifuge nearby , a test tube rack just above it . in the rack be : a single vial of membranous yellow substance . she frown : casey wait a minute . ( be : centrifuge ) if this be blood -- ( be : vial ) -- then what 's that ? traeger look vaguely discomfite . but before he can answer , a lackey approach . lackey v.a. shuttle 's here , sir . ext . desert - abandoned military base - night black-clad mercenary wait for the v.a. shuttle as it trundle toward the chain link perimeter . int . v.a. bus - drive - same prisoner , grumbling . flyboy call out to the mp at the front ( who , we should note , be bald as a cue ball ) . flyboy hey , kojak ! when do they put the middle of fuck nowhere on the itinerary ? mp on bus Zip it , flyboy . we be just makin 's a pit stop . william '' pit stop . '' ( to mckenna ) this be all you fault , be not it ? mckenna , uneasy . it 's beginning to seem that way . CUT to : int . NORTH american aerospace defense command , colorado fan of War Games will recognize the gallery and massive tracking screen . Air Force personnel watch the bogey on a huge monitor where the blip be see move toward the southern u.s... a general oversee ; staff sergeant at he side . 37 . staff sergeant still inbound , sir . one second they be on the grid , the next they be ghost . norad general Radio contact ? staff sergeant negative , sir . the General chew on a pen . what the fuck be it ? finally : norad general where 's the 325th ? staff sergeant lackland , sir . norad general have they scramble some jet . let 's not take any chance . int . MAIN lab ( project stargazer ) - that moment traeger 's aide approach . furtive : aide Sir , norad 's report a 202 anomaly . colwell and traeger trade look . casey see this . casey look , I know I be new , but -- it have be swell if somebody would kinda sorta , I dunno ... tell I what the fuck be go on here ? traeger answer without miss a beat . traeger this be not the first predator we have encounter . casey stiffen . the revelation land hard . traeger ( cont 's D ) apparently they use earth as a kind of '' hunt ground . '' 38 . colwell they 's have leave thing behind . evidence . weapon . some be even store in this facility . casey you point -- ? colwell the point , doctor ... be that we satellite defense station have just track a new ufob . ( nod grimly to the dormant predator ) we friend here might have company come . traeger mutter something under he breath -- casey Excuse I ? traeger they 's be gnarly fucker , that 's all . take four of my best just to bring that one down . she blink . stare at he : casey I be sorry . it take four - -? traeger that 's right . so? casey so -- a meth head can take down four men. ( be : predator ) look at it ! traeger look uneasy . colwell what 's you point , doctor ? casey my point be you bring it here . to a location where you just happen to store its weapon -- ( beat ) how do you know it do not want to be capture ? 39 . that 's when alarm klaxon peal throughout the complex . casey ( cont ’d ) what 's happen ? traeger 's aide clutches a phone receiver . yell : aide proximity alert , sir ! bogey 's inbound ! Range two hundred mile ! at which point , without warning -- the predator 's eye SNAP OPEN . just like that . alert. calm . calculate . we realize : it be play possum . casey leap backward ; liberate a tranquilizer rifle from a nearby rack . she hoist it , back away -- full defense mode . casey everybody get out ! now ! she stab the code for the decon chamber . hatch open . she leap inside , except -- she 's the only one . everyone else be go for they sidearm as -- bam --! the predator move . snap its restraint like they be paper . rise from the table , as -- int . decon chamber the hatch close , sealing she in . pre -recorded voice chamber secure . remove garment . casey , sweat . fumbling at the catch of she hazmat suit . casey come on , come on ... int . MAIN lab - that moment security men rush to restrain the predator , but it swipe at they with its talon -- duck , parry . toss they like rag doll . speed and stealth , mind -numbing . int . decon chamber - with casey seeing this -- terrify -- while at the same time desperately try to disrobe . blood spatter the window -- 40 . int . MAIN lab - same the predator , rampaging . colwell draw a weapon -- but it grab he by the hair ; snag a scalpel in its other talon . like a samurai -- behead he with the scalpel --! the next second , slice off he hand -- then bee - line to the decon hatch ... spoil in hand , presses colwell 's head and hand to the scanner . then , nightmarishly : mimic the dead man 's voice exactly : the predator colwell , Sean H. a green light bleep . access granted --! int . decon chamber skin burn complete , casey 's scoop up she clothes , as -- the hatch shush OPEN behind she . she spin , naked - - clutching the trang gun . -- and there 's the predator . tremble , breathless , casey level the weapon . pull the trigger : a dry click --! jamme . the predator cock its head at she . be it ... smile ? and then -- it simply move past she . sparing her . as casey breathes in short terrify burst , we -- CUT to : ext . sky over central america - night three F -22 raptor slice the sound barrier -- follow the predator ship 's last know position . int . f-22 cockpit - flying - night on the lead pilot as he check he instrument . we hear : radio chatter catfish one , approach vector . triangulate SAM radar , over . int . underground corridor - that moment three tactical merc spin round a bend , rifle up . as they clatter past a alcove , two muscular arm swipe out --! 41 . gltch--gltch ! talon puncture flesh ; sever brain stem . two down . the remain merc spin , gun up -- predator , weaponless ... fuck it -- scoops a machine gun in each hand . budda -budda --! the merc topple . the predator calmly drop the gun , retrieve colwell 's head and hand from the floor . int . decon chamber casey finish pull on she clothes , notice -- on the floor , splatter of phosphorescent GREEN blood . she look back into the lab -- at the tranq gun cartridge on the rack . then ... something arguably more important : the mysterious specimen vial she see earlier . int . corridor - as before the predator approach a vault door ; again use colwell 's viscera to override security . toss they aside and enter : int . a high security vault like a bank vault , but for predator technology . the predator rummage ; toss item aside violently . plainly look for something ... but not find it . frustrate , it grab what it know -- a new wrist gauntlet , a plasma cannon . finally , snatch up a third object : a bent , scorched battle mask . with this last , it do a odd thing : lift the mask to its eye . with one hand , tap a code on its side , blip -! Pov : through the mask we be see what it be see . here 's the weird part : wherever it be ..? it 's not the room he 's currently in . blurry ... faulty transmission . still , oddly familiar . we be see rory 's bedroom . wtf ? CUT to : int . rory 's basement - same time the other mask , rory 's -- lean against the wall , face outward . a green light blink , as it transmit -- back to Pov - blurred 42. we see rory at he bench , back to we ... now we SNAP - zoom in to a spot on the wall , near the kid 's head : a draw of a pit bull . tape there , along with other drawing . in the corner , print neatly : rory declan mckenna , grade 6 . gordon middle school the predator lower the mask . turn , with new purpose . tap its wrist and ... with a glitch shimmer , cloak . vanish . ext . compound above - night the v.a. bus stop , mid-compound . alarm continue to wail throughout the facility . soldier approach -- soldier sit tight . there 's be a breech . int . v.a. bus - same mckenna and william , apprehensive . what 's go on ? int . underground corridor dress and clutching the tranq rifle , casey follow a trail of predator blood to the still - OPEN vault -- immediately see it 's be ransacke . what the hell be it look for ? a bleed mo -tech stumble around the corner , see she : dying med-tech please ... it ... it mustn ’t get away ... casey it will not . ( nod grimly ) not my space animal . she turn -- sprint out of frame , and meanwhile ext . sky - the F -22 Flying in formation . pilot scan the horizon . radio chatter catfish one , still no visual , check you six two and three , over -- int . rory 's house - basement - same he 's back to he video game . because of course he be . 43. then ... bored , he pick up the kujhad . punch in the code from before ... just for the hell of it , and -- ext . sky over central america - night the predator ship appear out of nowhere -- smack in the trajectory of the three raptor jet ! radio voice # 1 radio voice # 2 ( filter ) ( filter ) Holy shit ! head up ! bandit ! Three - zero - five ! quick cut -- as they quickly course correct millisecond before impact -- int . v.a. van - abandoned base - night something outside the bus catch mckenna 's eye : a dark figure -- emerge from a bunker in the distance . a hulk , lithe , humanoid chameleon shape . shimmer .... mckenna nudge Williams , who squint ... the thing flicker ; seem to vanish in mid-stride . Williams stiffen -- william you little green friend ? mckenna yup. william turn invisible ? mckenna yup. william goddamn space alien . ext . compound - up top - that moment casey emerge , into the night . trang gun at the ready . come around the edge of a building , sees a predator blood trail -- int . v.a. bus - as before alarm klaxon wail outside . mckenna , fraught . struggle to concoct a escape strategy . Williams see the look ; do not like it . 44 , mckenna ( be : predator ) that thing kill my man . william yeah , they 's 1l do that . stay on the bus . mckenna what be you , nut ? we gotta move . william exactly . stay on the bus . mckenna , throw . Williams look at he , sidelong : william ( cont ’d ) it 's a bus . he swivel he head -- a barely perceptible nod to coyle . coyle ( erupt ) hey , baxley ! if you mom 's vagina be a video game , it have be rate E for everyone ! the second mp rattles the cage door with he baton . second mp on bus knock it off ! coyle seriously , what 's the difference between five big black guy and a joke ? ( beat ) baxley 's mom can not take a joke ! baxley 's out of he seat so fast he 's a blur -- manacle clutch in he fist , he wrap they around coyle 's neck -- choke he --! coyle gasp , sputter . the second mp fumble with he key ring as the first unclip he sidearm , adrenaline spike . yell to the prisoner : mp on bus everyone on the floor , face down ! the other obey ; kneel with head bow , as -- the second mp unlocks the cage door -- grab a remington 870 pump action from its mount . both man run up the aisle to : 45 . back of the bus as they pry the two prisoner apart , the first mp reach for the baton on he belt , except : shit . it 's not there . because baxley just nabbed it --! swing it into the back of the mp 's leg . he goe down hard , as -- second mp whip the shotgun up . barely time to register : coyle , right in front of he , shove the barrel with he palm so it clock the mp in the forehead -- crack ! -- drop he . coyle grab the shotgun -- and toss it to william , who spin , cock it -- k-chuk ! - - and level it at the driver . william whoopsie . the driver put he hand up as baxley and coyle -- the best of friend now -- snag the guard 's key and start unlock the prisoner 's shackle . a ruse from square one . shorn of he manacle , Williams take the driver 's seat . mckenna I need that alien . william do not think he 'il board the bus willingly . mckenna just get I close . william jerk the bus into gear ... and gun it . ext . compound - with the predator as it cloak and de-cloak itself . one second , it 's there . the next : gone . vanish . it leap , parkour style . alight on a rooftop , and -- suddenly pause , ear pricked . it dart a look skyward as , without warning -- the predator mother ship appear blast across the sky . Holy shit . shear through the atmosphere , and , with even less warning -- two F - 22 fighter jets -- in pursuit 46 . Jesus . flash through frame , fuck deafening , as -- with the v.a. bus it punch through a fence --! chain link whipping away -- int . v.a. bus - drive william be drive like a mad man , eye darting between the spaceship and the building below . mckenna yell : mckenna ( cont 's D ) open the door !! he yank the remington from Williams . door , hissing open -- mckenna drop sideways on the open step , sighting up the barrel of the weapon . cold intent . everything go silent . gunsight Pov and there it be : through he sight , the trademark predator distortion . near the tree line , CUT to : casey , on the run top a ladder , swing onto rusty metal bridge . High ground . survey the compound ... bingo . blood trail , 12 o'clock . a sudden rumble , she look down , sees : the v.a. bus thundering under the bridge . she time she jump -- drop down , onto the roof -- thunk ! swivel the tranq gun , target the tree line , just as -- ext . ground level - the bus mckenna leap free , shotgun tight to he chest . he tuck and roll . come up , get off two shot -- too little , too late -- the predator vanish over the perimeter wall . as a afterthought , the creature lash out : sever a light pole -- it crumple downward -- int . v.a. shuttle william sees the obstacle . shit ! stand on the brake -- 47 . the bus collide with the massive pole , tire blown , as -- on the roof - casey lose she foot ; topples backward . still clutching the trang gun , she squeeze the trigger involuntarily , and -- thppp --! a dart imbed itself in she foot . she roll off the top of the bus like a string - cut marionette , as -- ext . compound - same mckenna see she pitch off the side , scramble to catch she . then quickly register the armed security men move in from all side , and hastily ( comically ) flee just as -- whomp --! casey land on the ground with a ugly KLUD ! she roll over ; groggy . so much for Prince fuck charm . at the bus the other scramble out , as nebraska william spot : a small , open quonset hut with a column of vintage , army green harley motorcycle . he yell : william get to the chopper . ext . compound - at the bus one of the merc see casey , on the ground : he tap a switch on he video headset -- CUT to : int . MAIN lab ( underground ) - as before traeger have he own glass - like headset with the merc 's Pov : shooter ( o.s. ) ( await the order ) Sir ..? traeger sigh , deep regret : traeger no witness . ext . compound - back up top the merc , about to follow order when a burbling roar fill the air , and -- 48 . mckenna come over the top airborne on he howling harley . launch off a embankment . fire mid - AIR , blam -blam -! take out the dude 's legs . land . fishtail madly -- steer toward casey ; pure Steve mcqueen . scoops her up -- and here come the loonies ; Williams in the lead ! a phalanx of crazy - ass Hell 's angel . the recover merc OPEN FIRE -- as the cycle blast forward , out of the compound , as we CUT to : ext . sky over TEXAS - that moment the f-22s fly alongside and above the now - visible predator spacecraft , rock they wing . on the lead pilot ( intercut : radio chatter go , zero -two ! go zero-three ! air-to- AIR missile spew from the raptors , and rip across the surface of the predator ship . it buck and wobbles , as -- ext . sky over TEXAS - the aerial pursuit the F -22 bank off as the predator ship tumble , smoking . a glitch shimmer as it manage to cloak itself one final time ... second before it impact -- and now , a odd sight -- one we hint at in we open : a invisible crash . the leafy canopy explode , then a careen debris field form before we eye -- all that 's miss be the ship that 's causing it . ext . the crash site - night tendril of vapor rise , and ... int . predator ship - same amidst choke smoke , the upgrade rise from its seat . touches a switch , and a panel open , revealing a dank , cramped compartment . Inside , barely glimpse -- the eerie silhouettes of two slobbering , four - legge creature ... whoa . CUT to : 49 , int . rory 's room - night rory lie in bed . Wide awake . peer into a tiny keychain viewer with a light in it : a photo -- Father and son in happier time . rory sigh . roll over . turn on he bedside table lamp -- and there , on the nightstand , be the kujhad . the biohelmet sit beside it ; eerie , beckone . rory reach for the kujhad , but it 's no longer blink . shit . he thumb button to wake it up . nothing at first . then ... it glow red . success ! rory chew he lip , think . what next ? and then he learn the meaning of the phrase , '' be careful what you wish for . '' because suddenly : shape , move in he peripheral vision . he look up . gasp -- giant , multi - eye spider crawl on the wall and ceiling . out of nowhere . all around he / terrify , rory start to hyperventilate . he stab button in a desperate bid to make they go away -- then notice : the spider be glitching with electronic distortion . he double - take , sees -- monofilament of light emanate from the biohelmet ... it 's the source of the image . not just image : holographic projection . he pick up the helmet , lift it to he face and ... biohelmet Pov ( intercut : like police video , the spider be pre -recorded image of a predator hunt on another world . at he fingertip be a virtual document of the predator 's travel across the galaxy . he pull the mask away , a stew of various image project in 3d all around he . include something he do not expect : what appear to be a map . 50 . at its center , a highlight , alien shape . blink . a beacon , a marker ? or maybe , just maybe ...? a transponder . CUT to : ext . rural motel - night nebraska william smoke a cigarette in the blink neon of the motel sign . he hear a scuffle , turn to see : nettle , emerge from behind the sign . Zipping he pants . william nettles . ( nod to motel room ) there 's a toilet in the room . nettles eye widen , like he 's just see god. int . motel room - night a staccato knock on the door ( a code ) . flyboy open it , let Williams and nettles back in . casey 's in the bed , sleep off the tranquilizer dart -- the rest of the vets gather around . mckenna , weary , say : mckenna do not any of you guy have someplace to be ? the loonies trade glance . shrug . baxley v.a. psych Ward ? coyle military prison ? mckenna nod . mckenna Point take . william so now what , chief ? you green boy get away . baxley I be tellin’ you -- tv news , bro . they 's 1l have to believe you . 51 . mckenna right . and I have some land in Florida to sell you . baxley just get somebody credible . like Channel 9 . what ’s-her -name , the lady with the big heinie -- coyle fool , she 's the meteorologist . baxley she be ? nettle ( chime in ) he 's right -- one look at she and you can tell whether . the other trade look -- what do that even mean ? then : baxley if we can get someone to listen -- mckenna and if ' if 's and but 's be candy and nut , we have all have a merry Christmas . baxley subside , grumpily . on the bed , casey stir -- blink awake . alarm to see the loonies surround she . casey I love waking to the sound of macho bullshit . she grimace . fumble out she cell phone -- incredibly , mckenna grab the shotgun , cock it : be he gonna shoot she ? no. he grab the phone , shove it under a pillow , and -- a mute boom --! the pillow 's a smoking ruin . phone , vanquish . casey ( cont ’d ) ( stunne disbelief ) be you crazy --? a beat . then a SMALL chorus : the loonies maybe . a little . I dunno , probably . ( etc . ) mckenna ignore they . turn to casey . 52 . mckenna use you head , lady . you want they trace that phone ? nettle ( chime in ) question . everyone look at he -- nettle ( cont ’d ) ( to mckenna ) how much you askin’ for this land in Florida ? casey huff impatiently . she start up , head for the door -- casey you guy can play house if you want , I have dog to feed and midterm to grade -- mckenna do not be stupid . she look up sharply . mckenna ( cont 's D ) they try to put a bullet in you head back there . ( eye smoulder ) you be expendable . just like the rest of we . that stop she . she exhales . look round at the '' unit '' -- casey expendable , huh ? more like the Seven fuck dwarf . nettles grin bashfully -- casey sigh . casey ( cont ’d ) can I borrow a phone , at least ? I need someone to feed my dog . she flop in a chair . gaze up at mckenna . casey ( cont ’d ) you see it first , do not you ? the predator ? ( off he quizzical look ) I read the file . that man it kill -- yours ? 53 . mckenna nod , grim . mckenna 's casey ( cont ’d ) I figure . you may as well have write they script . psycho ex - sniper . ptsd , divorced ... even get a flaky kid who curl up ina ball , it 's perfect -- eye blaze . she shrug : casey ( cont ’d ) I be just tell you what 's in the file . mckenna it say '' flaky ? '' casey that be a unfortunate embellishment . can we move on ? william ( join in ) we can start with what you be do at a supposedly abandon military base -- full of private soldier . merc . casey I be a evolutionary biologist . I be on call in case of ... you know , contact . mckenna think it over , pace . stop , exhales raggedly ... mckenna if we wanna keep breathin’ , we gotta find this thing . expose it . we all agree ? a look go round . a bond moment ... exile , all ; perfect scapegoat . no none will miss they . mckenna ( cont 's D ) good . first thing first . what be it ? casey the predator ? well ... ( shrug ) it have human DNA , for one thing . the loony react . what ? 54 . casey ( cont ’d ) that 's not all . I be there when it escape , it ... I think it be look for something . mckenna go pale with realization . mckenna its equipment . he look up -- realize all eye be on he . mckenna ( cont 's D ) I take it . so I have have evidence . ( swallow hard ) I ... I think I know where it 's head . pause . nettles clear he throat : nettle we be gonna need some ordnance . casey '' ordnance '' ? nettle you know . weapon and shit . nebraska Williams 's brow furrow . plott . william I know a guy . CUT to : ext . forest clearing - ( the next ) evening a park , two - tone winnebago super chief . from inside : tv SOUND ( 0o.s. ) the 41 year - old come to this Texas home to meet we decoy , whom he believe to be a underage girl . int . winnebago - evening every square inch crammed with war memento and weaponry . be to a gun show ? that . a grizzle man in a wheelchair watch tv . master gunnery sergeant garrison cutter , 60 . CHRIS hansen ( on the tv ) and what be you up to today ? 55 . pervert ( on the tv ) nothin’ . just come to hang out . CHRIS hansen ( on the tv ) I see you bring some condom and some Mike 's hard lemonade . there 's a rap on the door , and cutter roll himself the entire three foot to answer it as he raise a m16 . he open up enough to see a sliver of a face : william gunny . cutter well , if it be not nebraska Williams . william just wonderin’ how have you feel about a little recon mission ... cutter peer through the crack in the door , seeing : the group of loonies in the moonlight . mckenna . the other . the very uncomfortable , but equally appeal ... casey . behind he : dirty laundry . take - out container . a cat yowls . cutter let I check my schedule . CUT to : int . basement ( rory 's house ) - evening rory , in he '' Control Area '' wear the frankenstein mask he mom buy he . he pull it off , frown . lame . then -- a scuffling SOUND at the basement window . he turn to see what appear to be ... a large , four - legged animal sniffing at the window . the neighbor 's pit bull ...? it disappear -- he do not pay it much mind . int . kitchen - night emily do the dish -- oblivious as rory , clutching something , furtively head out the back door behind her . pre -lap : the SOUND of a doorbell ringing , and -- 56 . int . front entry - night ( later ) Emily open the door to reveal : traeger , flanke by armed security men . traeger Mrs. mckenna ? ( flash he id ) can we have a word ? ext . outside the house ( intercut : ) reveal mckenna and the rest of the vet , hidden in the bushes with field glass and talky . Williams aim a shotgun mike at the house , allow they to hear the conversation : emily let I guess : he 's do something crazy . traeger why would you guess that ..? emily because the look on you face say he 's not dead , and yet here you fuck be . steven notice a lock gun case in the adjoin study . emily ( cont ! D ) that be he . he 's a hunter . ( sigh ) look , I have not see quinn for a year . he 's on assignment . traeger how about you son -- where be he ? emily around here somewhere . why ? traeger mind if we speak with he ? int . the basement - moment later traeger and the security man come down the stair , find rory 's lair ... but the kid ? nowhere to be see . rory 's mom that 's weird . if he 's not in he room , he 's always here . he say he be go trick - or-treate , but ... 57 . she frown . sees the two discard costume on he work table . why would he leave without he costume ? ext . suburbia - night rory timidly roam the neighborhood , surround by costume trick - or-treater and they parent . his head , encased in the predator 's biohelmet . the kujhad , clutch by he side . swell costume . navigate 's a bit tricky , he stumble a little -- rory 's Pov : human heat signature . every direction . int . winnebago ( near rory 's house ) - night cutter at the wheel , take watch . at the NOOK in back , casey squint into a microscope . murmur , under she breath -- casey it 's like a supermatrix of tryhydroxy and amino acid ... she pull back from the lens . blink , incredulous : casey ( cont ’d ) with evidence of recombinant gene splicing . cutter what 's that mean ? casey if I be right ..? it mean they be try to upgrade themselves . she pick up a talkie , key it : casey ( cont ’d ) mckenna ? I have find something . ext . outside rory 's house - night mckenna 's talkie squelch -- he quickly turn it down . then he freeze -- notice something in the shadow : that '' dog '' from earlier . sniff at the basement window . int . rory 's house - same Inside , traeger also hear it . stop , look toward the back of the house . nod to two of he men to check it out -- 58 . ext . outside the house - same traeger 's men emerge from the house and fan out . with one of the security men flashlight up . he catch a glimpse of '' the dog '' as it pad away into the brush . key he talkie : security detail I be on it . triangulate on my signal . ext . edge of wood - night the Security man slap a bug from he cheek . then , a grunting SOUND from nearby . he whip he flashlight onto -- a armadillo foraging in a pile of garbage . it look up , beady - eye -- security detail ( cont ’d ) you scared the shit out of I , you little walk helmet . which be when -- the armadillo scream ( yes , they do that ) . it 's look past the Security man , who hear a throaty clicking SOUND behind he , and spin , face - to - face with : one of the four -legged creature from the ship ! yellow , albino eye . mandible . the man turn to run -- but he’s blocked by the second creature ! quick cut - savage , merciless strangle scream . impotent gunshot shatter the suburban stillness as -- ext . rory 's house - that moment traeger burst from the back door with he remain Security man . they rush in the direction of the scream and gunshot -- moving with traeger he stumble to a mute halt , seeing : the first of he men , splay inside - out . the other one , nearby . similarly crimson . 59 . traeger register alarm , but oddly , not much surprise . he key he talkie : traeger team Edward to team Jacob . secure the perimeter . ext . wood - same mckenna and the men , gun up . casey join they , grab a pair of night -vision binoc to see : the two predator hybrid retreating into the night . she swallow ; adrenaline pump . casey Jesus ... ( catch she breath ) they be dog . mckenna look at she like she have antler . mckenna Excuse I ? casey the predator -- they be hunter , get it ? a mordant grin , despite herself : casey ( cont ’d ) they bring they fuck dog . int . rory 's house - night mckenna slam through the front door , find himself face to face with Emily -- he wife . Stone -face : emily hi , honey , you be home . a awkward moment -- then she clock the shotgun in he hand . mckenna where 's rory ? emily oh , I get it . you think you can just waltz in here and -- mckenna I ask you a question . 60 . emily ( call upstairs agent traeger , he 's down here !! mckenna Nice try. ( tap earbud ) I be listen . oh , and '' what 's he do now ? '' thanks for that . emily what be I suppose to say ? mckenna how about , '' my ex-husband -- be my he all right ? '' this catch she off-guard . emily I think you ... hit bottom . mckenna not yet . but hey , the night 's young . ( repeat ) where 's we son ? int . basement - continuous mckenna bee-line to rory 's '' Control Area , '' sees the parcel he send from Cuba . he shake it . empty . mckenna ( cont ’d ) shit -- ! emily ( on the stair ) what ? he order some video game . mckenna no no no no ... mckenna rifle through rory 's stuff for any trace of the alien tech . mckenna ( cont 's D ) the whole fuck reason I send it to a p.o. box be so I would not put you in danger ! goddammit. ( turn to she ) we need to find he -- now . he bolt , head upstairs again -- 61 . emily quinn , you be scare I . int . hallway - first floor back the way they come . mckenna toss over he shoulder : mckenna so you let he order any video game he want ? emily Excuse I ? mckenna I specifically say -- no first person shooter , no combat game . you do not even check , do you ? emily whatever . he have , like , three . Jesus -- he turn on she . mckenna three ? emily yes . and do you ever think that maybe he play they to connect with he father ?? ( catch herself oh my God , we be do this . she stop . see : the loonies , gather in she live room . a comical moment as they grin stupidly . sheepish wave . mckenna , meanwhile : snatching photo of rory from wall , table . School portrait , holiday pic -- emily ( cont ’d ) what be you do ? give I that ! ( to mckenna , be : loonies ) who be this people ?! he calmly take the picture from she . mckenna they be my unit . they be soldier . she blink , incredulous : 62 . emily they look like usher at a porno theater . ( to Williams ) no offense . william ( to mckenna ) the wife ..? mckenna for better or worse . ( wave a hand ) Emily ? loonies . loonies ? Emily . emily wait , back up -- you unit ? ( frown ) what happen to haine ..? dupree ? mckenna they be dead . ( deep breath ) and the thing that kill they be look for rory . so . you can think I be crazy all you want -- he look she dead in the eye : mckenna ( cont 's D ) but right now ? we son be ina kill box . he turn to the loonies : mckenna ( cont 's D ) I want a grid search . Three team . he give the first picture to Williams . mckenna ( cont ’d ) you go west . ( another picture for baxley and coyle ) you two , east . ( one for nettles and flyboy ) up the middle . he turn to Emily -- who 's shrugging into she coat . snatch up , of all thing , a fireplace poker . he grab it away -- 63 . emily what be you do ? we son 's in danger ! mckenna that 's right , and last time I look -- ? ( heft he gun ) this be match grade . ( the poker ) this , not so much . but point for originality . he turn to the loonies : mckenna ( cont 's D ) objective area 's eight square block . parallel sweep . stay on you radio . ( beat ) find my son . ext . outside rory 's house - night william and the loonies split up with military precision ; year of training back in play . mckenna turn to he wife : mckenna ( cont 's D ) they 's be gonna come back , and they be gonna ask question . all that matter be we boy . ( hand she a phone ) this be a burner , I ’11l call you . emily I do not like what you do , quinn . I never do . ( grudge ) but watch you do it --? mckenna turn you on , do not it ? a warm look between they ; a history of good and bad and everything in - between . emily get out of here before I open that gun case . ext . another STREET - suburb - night rory lift the predator helmet , watch other kide ringing doorbell , collect goody . timid to try it himself ... 64 . off -screen voice hey , ass -burger ! oh , Christ . it 's e.j. -- the bully from school . rory turn to go the other way . find himself box in by : derek what be you suppose to be ? rory leave I alone . e.j . or what -- ? you will wash you hand five hundred time ? rory hurry away . the bully dog he heel , chuckle -- ext . a creepy house - night patchy lawn . Porch light off . the least invite house on this or any block . possible escape ..? rory head up the step . look back -- the bully on the sidewalk , smirk . no turn back now . gulp . he ring the doorbell . a buzz echoe from deep inside ... rory trick or treat ..? a voice from behind the door : stoner 's voice fuck off . on the sidewalk -- e.j. and derek chortle with amusement . take the hint , rory turn . move stiffly toward the street . a door creak OPEN behind he , and ... a unfriendly look stoner appear in the darken doorway . stoner here 's a treat , you little shit . he pitch something through the air -- splat ! a rotten apple smack rory in the back of the head . bully , laugh ... the reaction be shockingly swift and spontaneous . predator mask Pov 65 . the interior of the helmet light up . symbol , scrolling . targeting information . a tiny plasma -caster jut forth -- unleashes hellfire . on the porch - the stoner be literally disintegrated as the doorway blows out all around he -- ! ext . a block away - mckenna and casey see the explosion . Trade alarmed look -- and run -- ext . stoner 's house - night the front lawn , smoking . rory turn toward the slack - jaw bully , he face the impose predator biohelmet . the bully almost shit they pants before fleeing in abject terror --! color cherry light flash over the scene -- police cruiser , inbound rory pull off the helmet as a rookie cop draw he weapon . rookie cop freeze ! but rory panic , run -- ext . back alley - rory , hauling ass and in he panic , drop the predator biohelmet . he can not turn back -- so he keep running . int . winnebago - drive - night cutter at the wheel , as a apb squawks from : police band radio -- male juvenile , ten to twelve year old , metal Halloween mask -- cutter grab he talkie , shove it at the speaker of the police band radio . ext . neighborhood - that moment casey and mckenna on the move . mckenna 's talkie squelch : police band radio ( cont ’d ) -- repeat : move east on woodruff . 66 . mckenna swear . grab casey -- mckenna this way . move . ext . back in the alley the predator dog emerge from the shadow . sniff . one snatch the fallen biohelmet in its mandible -- CUT to : ext . stoner 's house - same more police cruiser , blowing into frame . they jolt to a stop , just in time to see the rookie cop come run , panting and wheeze . he call to the new arrival : rookie cop I lose he ! he stop . puzzle . look leave -- right -- rookie cop ( cont ’d ) where 's my fuck car ? int . squad car - flasher turning william drive , slew around a corner - -! key he walkie : william eastbound on Buckingham . the kid 's rabbit , he 's spook . CUT to : rory , running between house , terrify , the kujhad clutch in he sweaty hand -- the very thing the predator 's after . ext . jim & JOHN 's bar - b-q - night rory round a bend . stop in he track , path block by -- Christ . it 's that fuck pit bull -- the one that taunt he on the way home from school . the dog growls . primal . then , oddly -- move right up to rory . stop beside he . rory 's brow furrow with confusion ... then , a decision . he reach out , tentatively ... to pet the dog ? 67 . the dog do not flinch . they eye meet . a sweet , unspoken recognition that they be not all that different : two earth creature , just try to get by . then the dog freeze . a throaty growl as it back away from something off - screen , and rory turn to see : one of the predator dog snarl . vicious . rory gape , thunderstruck -- now the other predator dog appear ! think quickly : rory stab button on the kujhad , and with that -- otherworldly creature appear . hologram . the predator dog retreat , fearful . Nice job , rory . until the image flicker , and fade . damn ! the sniffer turn toward rory -- but just then , a voice from off - screen : mckenna Son ! and there 's he dad , shotgun in hand . mckenna cock and fire at the sniffer -- k-chuk -blamm ! k-chuk -blamm ! but the sniffer just keep coming . a squad car scream into the parking lot and -- william roll out onto the pavement before the car 's even stop . level the grenade launcher . click --! nothing . Fucking thing 's jamme . as he struggle to fix it , the other vets move in , load for bear . OPEN FIRE on the predator dog . a hail STORM of artillery --! the sniffer barely flinch . just keep -- moving -- forward . mckenna ( cont 's D ) um , gaylord ? Williams finish a final adjustment on the launcher -- william I think I tell you -- -- then throws it into mckenna 's wait hand . william ( cont ’d ) call I nebraska . 68. mckenna spin . whommm --! fire a 40 mm recoilless grenade down the predator dog 's throat . a mute fwhhmpp ! from within , and -- the creature buckle . punch -drunk . finally topple as ... the second sniffer crouch to attack . but that 's when Williams step forward , a bolt gun in hand . he level it at the creature -- fire , and the bolt impale the creature 's forehead . it waver . list . walk in a lazy circle . not dead but ... no longer a threat . nebraska Williams mutter ruefully : william ( cont ’d ) goddamn space alien . but he triumph be short - live as he look to the police car he steal : because stand on top , bath in the strobing color of the lightbar be ... the predator . it stomp down the hood of the car , on a bee-line for rory . mckenna pump the shotgun , unload : blam --! but the thing keep right on coming . int . squad car - night baxley at the wheel . he gun it -- slam into the predator from behind at high speed ! ext . parking lot - same alas , nothing . the front fender be dent , but the predator ? just glower at baxley like it 's irk . then -- continue toward rory ... casey appear , call out to mckenna : casey that thing in he hand ! that 's what it want --! mckenna run -- grapples to wrest the device away from he son . but as always -- the predator 's faster . the creature grab mckenna ! slam he , hard , into a old , neon '' Jim & John 's '' sign ! it crack and SPARKS --! 69 . and just as we consider say good - bye to we lead , mckenna watch , stunne , as the predator thumb a button on its wrist gauntlet and , believe it or not , talk : guttural . alien -sound . but english : good predator come ... for I ... run ... then -- a throaty clicking SOUND . from off -screen . the predator turn to look . stiffen ; reply , that selfsame clicking . defensive . like two cat yowling at each other . the remain alien dog prick up its ear -- look back toward the approach of its owner ... its master .... at which point , mckenna and the other turn to see : a massive silhouette emerging from the darkness . rising up -- on first view , it very much resemble the iconic predator . it seem , if anything , more human than prior version . mckenna stand , blink . because this new , upgrade predator ? it 's huge . ten feet tall . with a shriek , the winnebago slew into the parking lot , cutter at the wheel . int . winnebago - on cutter as he catch he first glimpse of the upgrade . cutter baby Jesus on a pony . which be when : outside the good predator release mckenna ; raise its plasma cannon -- and triggers a withering blast at the upgrade --! then another . and another ..! nothing . bupkis . spit wad . because this new , upgrade predator ? do not need armor . its body , its skin -- be armor . rory , meanwhile stock still . in shock . mckenna approach -- 70 . mckenna rory ? come on . rory do not budge . mckenna ( cont 's D ) Son ? we have to go . right ... fucking ... now ... no time for negotiation , mckenna pick up he son , back slowly toward the winnebago where cutter be freeze , grip the wheel . mckenna and the other board the vehicle slowly ; no sudden movement . mckenna ( cont 's D ) how fast do this thing go ? cutter can not tear he away eye from the upgrade . cutter not fast enough . with the predator ( intercut : as the good predator move ! as if to engage the upgrade -- to take he on . but that 's what 's scary . because we think we initial predator be a big deal . invincible . but this ?? as cutter stomp the gas , the upgrade predator whip around -- collar the smaller predator -- heft it -- literally tear it apart before our eye . wrench its spine loose -- raise its blood -slicked trophy to the full moon . emit a primal , blood-chill shriek . it spin toward the winnebago -- turn its eye on we full blast -- and that 's when we see it . really see it : the eye . they have ... evolve . human-looking . int . winnebago - that moment cutter gun it --! and we intercut : ext . suburb - series of shot - night as the winnebago scream along , swerving , clipping park car -- our principal gawk out the window at : 71 . eerie glimpse of the upgrade , in pursuit -- darting , leaping -- sprint through the shadow alongside the speed rv . speed , agility ? terrify . the term '' predator '' redefine . int . winnebago - drive casey , apoplectic , point at the kujhad rory 's still hold . casey goddammit , mckenna , that 's what it want ! that thing ! a massive crunch ! as the huge vehicle jar violently . it 's try to get in . rory 's curl up in a fetal ball . not a fire alarm this time , but rather , crippling fear that 's trigger he shutdown . and the predator device --? he 's clutching it , as if for dear life . casey ( cont ’d ) for Christ 's sake , give it to he or we 're all dead ! mckenna know she 's right . and with sudden , terrifying force , violently pry he son 's fist OPEN to wrench it free --! rory yelp with pain and surprise as mckenna hurl the kujhad out a open window -- ! everyone squint out the back of the winnebago , glimpsing : the upgrade as it scramble for the kujhad , and ... snap it into the slot on its own wrist gauntlet . a last nightmarish glance at we escape heroes -- then it disappear into the night ... int . winnebago - drive - night the group just stare blankly , speechless . the only sound , the rhythmic rattle of the rv 's chevy 454 engine . rory wince , hand shaking . afraid to look at mckenna . less terrify of the predator than the violence inflicted by he father . he hear barking , and -- 72 . out the window - the pit bull now maybe rory 's only friend , chase the winnebago and barking into the night ... CUT to : ext . jim and JOHN 's bar -b-q - night traeger stand over the gnarled remain of the '' good '' predator . police and FBI vehicle form a perimeter . with tremble hand , he clutches a cell phone , say : traeger traeger here . the asset 's dead . intercut : int . dark government facility ( area 52 ) a stocky , four-star general , on the phone . Square -jaw , with vaguely malevolent , dark eye . this be woodhurst , 66 . woodhurst explain . traeger there 's a new player , sir . we nightmare scenario . the genetics be ... unprecedented . woodhurst a upgrade ? traeger affirmative . pull we asset apart like a piece of taffy . woodhurst Jesus ... ( ice cold ) you spook over at stargazer -- you be go to tell I you have a asset in captivity , be not you ..? funny how I be only notify once it have escape . traeger of course , sir . it have only be 72 hour , we be ascertain -- woodhurst shut up . traeger Sir , I -- 73. woodhurst shut up . ( beat ) lies be waste speech . you cross I again , I will not just kill you , I ’1l1 sell ticket . understood ? traeger understood ... General . woodhurst the asset bring something to earth . something it be not suppose to have . find it . then bring it to I . CUT to : ext . oak grove - nighttime very late now . the winnebago , cached in a grove of tree . cricket chirrup , peaceful ... a breather , in other word . mckenna 's perch in a tree . on watch . glance down at : rory , huddle among the loony , draw in the dirt with a stick . the poor kid 's shiver ; barely hold it together . close on dirt we see what he 's absently etching with he stick , oblivious -- it 's a crude map . and : we have see it before ... CUT to : int . rory 's house - kitchen - night and a ringing cell phone -- the burner mckenna give Emily . frantic with worry , she grab it ! hear : mckennaa phone voice ( filter ) it 's I . emily please tell I he 's okay . ext . oak tree - night ( intercut : ) mckenna , on the ground now , clutching a cell phone . Williams , have a smoke nearby . 74 , mckenna he 's fine , he 's with I . i’1l1 bring he home when it 's -- Emily 's eye flicker off -screen , uneasy . emily it 's okay , you do not have to explain . listen -- remember we first date ..? mckenna , baffle . mckenna that night in buckhead ? emily exactly . and with that , she hang up . no explanation . mckenna frown . wif ? Williams look at he , quizzical . william '' night in buckhead ? '' mckenna ( nod ; remember ) yeah ... we be go at it in my tran be that night , and -- sudden realization . mckenna ( cont 's D ) cop be watch we ... int . rory 's house - kitchen - revealing his ex be , indeed , surrounded by black ops technician with surveillance equipment . before they can stop she : Emily pop the phone 's SIM card , drop it into the sink 's garbage disposal -- flick on the water and the disposal . emily you guy fuck with the wrong family . ext . oak grove - same the loonies be now climb on and around the winnebago , stretch camouflage netting over it . rory watch . rory I do not think that 's gonna work . 75 . baxley what do you mean ? rory wrong color , wrong pattern . they 's 11 find we . mckenna appear behind he . put a hand on he shoulder . mckenna I think they know what they 's be do . rory flinch at the touch , and mckenna quickly withdraw ... ext . in the wood nettle walk the perimeter , armed . suddenly -- a familiar , blood - chill clicking --! he whip around . but nothing . shrub . dirt. sudden silence . then -- the clicking 's closer ! nettles spin -- a flash of the predator dog 's face fill the frame , as ... ext . grove - back to scene mckenna and rory , sit side by side . awkward . to break the tension , mckenna fish in a pocket , produce a set of dog tag . he hand they to rory , who finger they : collett , rory T. AIR force 13006929 the kid look at he dad , confuse . mckenna ( cont 's D ) friend of mine . from ... a involuntary glance at the teeth mark on he hand . mckenna ( cont 's D ) from a long time ago . rory clutches the odd gift ; oblivious to its significance . rory weird , we have the same name . mckenna yeah. ( smile ) funny , huh ? 76 . pause ... then : rory Mom say ... you be a killer . mckenna I be a soldier . rory what 's the difference ..? good question . mckenna look at he son . mckenna when you like it -- that 's when you be a killer . rory ( nod ) Mom like kill spider . mckenna I hate spider . rory ( nod ) this be the most we have talk . pause ... almost companionable . then : rory ( cont ’d ) I think it be a good guy . mckenna ( bewilder ) Excuse I ? rory the alien . the smaller one . he be try to save we from the big one . almost like there 's two side . ( beat ) maybe they be have a war . mckenna feel a sober chill ... nearby - william tense , hearing something in the wood . he spin , level he m16 into the darkness . william company 's come . 77 . which be when nettle burst out of the brush -- follow by that goddamn predator dog ! the survive one ; the one with the bolt in its forehead . but the group quickly realize : it 's not chase he . it 's merely follow he . nettle anybody get a goddamn milk bone ? they watch curiously as the thing wander like a obedient ( if addle ) puppy . flyboy Jesus , nebraska , you lobotomize the poor sumbitch . the predator Dog start toward rory . instantly fearful , the kid grab a gnarled piece of wood and hurl it at the creature ! it duck -- turn to look at the fall branch . then ... pad away to retrieve it . in second , it return to nettles and drop it at he foot . nettle well , I 'il be go-to-hell . he reach to '' pet '' the thing . gently take its dreadlock - like appendage in he hand . the sniffer react oddly . suddenly disorient . the group laugh . even rory smile ; a moment of respite . camaraderie . int . winnebago - same mckenna enter . get himself a beer . casey say : casey Nice kid . mckenna nod thanks . sit . casey ( cont ’d ) you know ... a lot of expert think be on the spectrum 's not a disorder . some think it might even be the next evolutionary step . mckenna all I know be , when he gram come over , he ignore she and hug a pillow she make . 78 . casey it 's the same love . just deflect . ( cautiously if I can offer a opinion ... maybe you be a little bit afraid of each other ? he shake he head , rueful . mckenna Nice spin , but ... I think we be both afraid of I . he take a swig of he beer . ext . oak grove - outside the winnebago - that moment the vets continue to play with the beast 's dread . as they be touch , the sniffer go slack , wobbly . like he 's stone . int . winnebago - same mckenna , watch this through the window . mckenna ( cont ! D ) what do you make of that --? ( gesture to he hair : ) the marley shit ? casey maybe sensory receptor . like ... cat whisker . mckenna ( sip he beer ) anything else , professor ? she look at he grimly -- casey just this . -- and produce the vial she steal from the lab . casey ( cont ’d ) they extract this from the predator 's spinal fluid . in layman 's term , it 's like distil '' lizard brain . '' the part that kick in under extreme survival condition . mckenna so ..? 719 . casey remember I tell you they rip out people 's spine ? mckenna sure . trophies , you say . casey right . but if a predator 's first and foremost a survivor -- ( beat ) would not it make sense to collect DNA '' souvenir '' ? mckenna from ... people 's spine ? casey Brain stem -- close enough . look suppose , just suppose , that this space creature be ... siphon off we lizard brain juice . mckenna you do not have to overdo the '' layman 's term '' -- case I be just say ... it might explain the human DNA . mckenna consider this . mckenna collect '' survival '' trait , from the most high - end human specim -- casey ( interrupt ) why stop there ? seriously -- why not other species , too ? ( beat ) extreme hybridization . that 's why they hunt . to extract the defense mechanism from the strongest , the smartest , the most dangerous species on every planet they visit ... mckenna to make hybrid . ( look up , stunne ) be you just pull this out of you ass ? 80 . casey this new predator , the bigger one -- it do not need a mask , you notice that ? and do you see its fuck eye ? ( beat ) they 's be evolve , Lieutenant . change . mckenna or be upgrade . casey and here 's the clincher . ( lean in ) Project stargazer ? the shit - show that recruit I ? mckenna shrug : what about it ? casey ( cont ’d ) a stargazer 's a type of flower ; a orchid . and not just any orchid -- mckenna Holy shit ... ( softly ) a hybrid . damn . mckenna get up . pace . it 's a lot to digest . casey that thing back there ... the new one , '' thing two '' ? probably top of the line . '' thing one '' ? last year 's model . ( be : the sniffer ) Old yeller out there 's another kind . but none of they be the essential predator . you know why ? because survival be . because this -- she hold up the vial , lock eye with mckenna . casey ( cont ’d ) this be the predator . a SOUND rise outside . distant whorple of chopper blade . mckenna 's up like a shot . ext . clearing - moment later mckenna burst outside -- look to flyboy , who 's stock still , gaug the sound of the income copter : 81 . flyboy sound like a pave Hawk . sikorsky . ( look at mckenna ) not civilian . all mckenna need to hear . he whirl round -- mckenna light out ! move --! the loonies scramble to turn off lantern as mckenna dive into the winnebago ; render it dark . everyone freeze ... the sikorsky roar overhead , a blind searchlight rake the wood . slowly , the SOUND diminish . then ... the copter turn . start back in they direction . shit ! mckenna look around . as the ersatz c.0o. , it 's on he to form a plan . he look at he '' man . '' motley as they seem , they 's be servicemen , U.S. vet . and they be nothing if not loyal . mckenna ( cont ’d ) best split up . ( to nettles ) you and flyboy , west . ( to baxley and coyle ) you two north . flyboy but -- what do we do ? and mckenna see in they face : they do not want to go . he grasp at straw to give they something . a mission . mckenna ( to flyboy ) we ’1ll need air transport . something that can outrun that pave Hawk . ( look at nettles ) and maybe some incendiary . never know when we could use a diversion . Roger that ? and that 's when : the loonies , God bless ‘em , salute mckenna . he look at they , abruptly move . mckenna ( cont 's D ) wish I have coordinate , but ... flyboy we ’1ll find you , sir . 82. mckenna nod . snap back a salute . and with that , the loonies disperse ; grab weapon , disappear into the wood . cutter ( to mckenna ) they know it 's a snipe hunt , right ? rory 's observe this whole exchange . a tentative voice : rory what 's a snipe hunt ? william when you be chase something you will never find . mckenna ( urgent ) come on . they turn to make a run for it . get five yard before they be startled by : the predator dog ; gnarled stick clench in its mandible ! try as it might to be adorable , it 's one ugly motherfucker . as the helicopter grow louder , casey make frantic '' shoo - ing '' motion . but the sniffer be not take the hint . she spy a errant grenade on the ground , snatch it up . and lobs it as far as she can , into a ravine . the sniffer drop the wood and race after it . Problem solve . except -- the sikorsky be now circle the clear . GOD - light , stabbing down -- time CUT : ext . clearing - the sikorsky touch down . ( loonies and sniffer , long go . ) traeger step down from the chopper , wind whipping . his man draw weapon on Williams and cutter , as ... traeger ( be : winnebago ) whose idea be the jungle camo ? mckenna glance at rory , who shrug -- tell you so . 83. traeger ( cont 's D ) should have use woodland . might as well have shot up a signal flare . he approach casey . regards she with a grin , then -- extend he open palm . after a beat , she stiffly hand he the vial . traeger ( cont 's D ) there , now . that be not so hard . his man rudely PAT down mckenna and the other . traeger ( cont 's D ) where be it ? mckenna where 's what ? traeger the device . it go -- ( mime predator 's wrist gauntlet ) -- right in here . casey we throw it out of the rv . that thing have it . traeger ponder . traeger you know what I think ? I think it 's time for some ... robust discussion . smash to : mckenna 's face crack --! it slam into the ground ! pummel , cake with dirt . purplish welt glisten , backlit by searchlight . it will take a minute , but eventually you 's 1ll get it : we be in a abandon abattoir . a slaughterhouse . ext . holding pen - night mckenna , on he knee . two black-clad merc loom over he . merc you hide it once . in the mail . where have you hide it this time ? a brutal kick for emphasis . mckenna cough blood . 84 . merc ( cont ’d ) this be get old , Lieutenant . cough up some more blood if you agree . another kick --! mckenna writhes in the mud ... CUT to : int . abattoir office - same casey , handcuff to a chair . a few foot away , traeger pour himself a drink . hold up the bottle : traeger can I tempt you , Ms. brackett ? casey ( exasperate ) just tell I , why be they fuck here ? if it 's not to hunt , then why ? traeger regards she coolly , shrug , smile : traeger Ms. brackett , do you remember a few year back when hostess go bust ? there be a run on twinkies . snapped up , coast to coast . '' get ‘em while they last '' , remember ? casey what be you say , we be twinkies ? traeger ( shrug ) think about it . how long before climate change make the planet unlivable ? two generation ? one ? casey 's blink -- dawn realization : casey Jesus . we be a endangered species , and they know it . that 's why they keep come here -- they want to snap up we best DNA before it go bye-bye . traeger exactly . adapt themselves with it , then ... move in . casey blink , stunne . 85 . casey what about they own planet ? traeger we think it 's die . ( frown ) well -- cool , to be precise . you read the file , they thrive in a hot-house environment . maybe they want to make a move to ours . it be get warmer , you know . casey shudder . casey and you angle -- the upgrade tech , be I right ? traeger ( shrug ) if we can upgrade ourselves ? become the ultimate survival engine --? why would not we ? casey look sick to she stomach . casey how would you disseminate it ? who get it ? traeger whoever can afford it , of course . he grab she by the hair . yank tightly . traeger ( cont 's D ) now something be on that hijacked ship , and I think you know what it be ... int . slaughterhouse - night a rail system circle the room with meat hook on it . in one corner , a group of cryptographers study the familiar predator hieroglyphics on a large dry erase board . rory sit nearby , draw with crayon . a lone guard keep watch on . glance at rory 's draw . say , offhandedly : guard what 's that ? rory shrug ; do not look up . 86 . rory map . guard map of what ? rory where the ark be . the chatter in the room stop . all eye on rory . a cryptographer approach he , slow . smile tentatively . point at the draw , say : cry ptographer um ... do you mind if I ..? another shrug from rory . whatever . the cartographer take the '' map '' to the team leader . team leader ( sotto ) be you insane ? he 's a kid -- cry ptographer a kid who have that biohelmet for twenty - four hour . team leader even if the ship be there , we still need the key to get in , the entry code 's on the fuck key . he gesture at the dry erase board ; dozen of attempt to translate the predator language into letter or number . team leader ( cont ’d ) that sequence could be a hundred digit , for all we know --! rory voice ( 0.s. ) twenty-two . every head in the room turn to : rory I be pretty sure it 's twenty - two . you can hear a pin drop . time CUT : minute later - same traeger approach rory , feign nonchalance . attempt a paternal tone : 87. traeger hi , rory . I be will . I understand you know how to access the spaceship . rory nod , tense . bite he lip . traeger grin . traeger ( cont ’d ) here 's the thing . we work for the United States government . just like you dad . rory except you be asshole . traeger 's grin slip . then he plaster it back on . hold up rory 's draw : the map . steven I will not argue . question be ... will you get I into this ship , or not ? rory stiffen , wary . rory if you let my dad go . traeger glance at he lackey . '' kid 's good . '' he lean in : traeger okay . you want to play grow - up , let 's play grow - up . man to man ..? we be not go to let he go . not until you give we what we want . but when you do -- I promise he 'il go back to the v.a. hospital ... where they will take good care of he . rory what if I do not tell you ? traeger shake he head with disappointment ; tsk tsk tsk . traeger oh , now , rory ... I think we be play grown-up . ext . holding pen - a few moment later mckenna , face in the dirt . groggy . barely conscious . sees : he Pov - rory be drag to a wait sikorsky . fuele , blade spin . 88 . mckenna start to move , when suddenly -- off -screen voice not so fast , slick . thwack --! another kick to he gut . that fucking merc , stand over he . he watch helplessly as the chopper lift off , whorples into the night sky . as it do , one of the merc draw he sidearm to end this , say to he buddy : merc #1 golf tomorrow ? merc # 2 why not ? mckenna see what he 's do -- cough . ropey spit of blood . mckenna you know what ... burn I up ..? ( gasp , cough ) you never even ... read my file , do you ..? the merc trade amused glance . merc # 1 what make you think that ? mckenna ' Cause you be makin’ plan ... for tomorrow . the merc , very amused by this . mckenna ( cont ’d ) worst part ? be you ... make I lie to my son . I really do not like to do that . merc # 2 what lie do you tell he ? mckenna , face to camera , grin : mckenna that I would not enjoy this . that 's when he hand dart out , snatch the guy 's forearm ; use he other hand for leverage , and -- crack - -! 89 . the merc scream as mckenna snap he forearm at a alarming angle , then grab the man 's gun , press it into he eye -- blam --! the merc drop with a thud as mckenna stand , level the sidearm at the remain merc ; freeze in place . like the predator in the lab , he be play possum . CUT to : int . meat refrigerator a walk - in . Williams and cutter , sit on the floor . they look up to see : the merc open the thick , industrial door ; mckenna hold he at gunpoint , say to the guy : mckenna ( cont 's D ) now the armory . ext . holding pen a merc round a corner -- by go wide . he Pov -- the man mckenna kill , wedge into a corner . the guy turn to raise a alarm -- stop . his eye widen . a inhuman shape , looming over he . int . office a gun at the back of casey 's head . she close she eye , wait for the shot -- as , abruptly , we hear loud clumping noise from the corridor outside . footfalls , as a intruder , now poke he head around the corner . snuffle , drool . as benign as it be inhuman : the predator dog . the sniffer . wagging its tail , no less . see casey , the intend target of its current game - in-progress ... and fyi , in its mouth ? the grenade from the clear . it 's fetched it . bring it back . it drop the grenade -- clunk ! -- right in casey 's lap . her assassin , stupefy ... casey waste no time : 90 . snatch up the grenade -- pull the pin -- shove it down the guard 's shirt back . promptly bolt for the door , drag the chair she 's handcuff to -- int . corridor Hit the deck as -- fwoom !! -- the room blows out behind her ! blood and dust and dry wall . smoke clear , and ... the predator dog pad out of the room , unscathed . drop a new toy at she foot . wait , sorry . not a toy . the guard 's severe head . casey throw up a little in she mouth as she hear footfalls . sees mckenna , william , cutter ( in he wheelchair ) come around a corner , armed to the tooth . ext . slaughterhouse - night mckenna open the door a crack . peer out : he Pov : soldier run around the perimeter , take up fire position to prevent they escape . mckenna , Williams and cutter trade look . shrug . cutter william duck soap . piece of cake . they lock and load , no hesitation . casey gape . it 's suicide . casey see this ? this be why the army think you be crazy ! except ... a SOUND now . a low pulse ; bass vibrato from outside . mckenna peer through the crack again ... and he eye widen . a involuntarily gasp . mckenna you have get to be kid I . ext . slaughterhouse - night - start on a advertising banner flapping in the wind . and on it , a airbrush , scantily clad girl ( '' a New look for sexy ! '' ) be pull by ... a pink helicopter . yes , pink . the Victoria 's secret logo on the side , no less , as we reveal : 91 . int . stolen chopper - flying - night flyboy at the helm , of course . the other vets ( nettle , baxley , coyle ) in the back . the loonies to the rescue ! ext . slaughterhouse - that moment as the pink copter land unsteadily and -- at the exit door mckenna shove it OPEN , and ... our heroe run for it , into the open , gun blazing --! Williams push the wheelchair at high speed ; cutter 's m60 chatter as hot shell casing spit out the side -- ! at the stolen copter mckenna and Williams provide covering FIRE as casey and the loonies heft cutter aboard , then -- yank he wheelchair in . int . stolen copter - continuous this chopper be build for five people . current load ? EIGHT . plus a wheelchair . lufthansa , it be not . as flyboy lift off -- mckenna ( cont 's D ) very inconspicuous . flyboy we have to kill seven Victoria 's secret model . casey tell I you be joke . flyboy I be joke . I have sooner piss on the mona Lisa . he throttles up , pull up on the collective . ext . slaughterhouse - series of shot - night as the copter rise , merc OPEN FIRE . too little , too late -- int . stolen copter flyboy look to mckenna for direction . flyboy ( cont ’d ) you get a head in mind , Lieutenant ? 92 . mckenna squint down at the rush landscape . casey point : the predator dog haul ass , southbound . casey follow that dog . CUT to : ext . jungle clearing - day be breaking on first blush , we be back in Cuba . same tropical foliage , same humidity , same goddamn mosquito . then we hear : trudging boot . crackle of radio crosstalk . and that 's when we note : a long bumpy GREEN rock . wait a minute . do it just ... move ? yes , it do . because it 's not a rock . it 's a fuck alligator -- because we be in florida . the gator sink into the swamp as traeger emerge from the brush , flanke by a SMALL army of merc ; poor rory in tow . a aide clutches a hand -held gps device . traeger 's aide we be at the waypoint . should be right here . but the clear be just that : clear . then , traeger notice : traeger what be that ? they 's be dead bird , lay on the jungle floor in a wide arc . a merc chewing tobacco examine they . nudge one with he boot . he spit to the side , and -- splat ! the spittle hang there in mid - AIR . traeger see this . intrigue . turn to a merc . traeger ( cont ’d ) give I you weapon . ( take the gun ) paint pellet . the soldier scoops some glycol pellet , hand they over . traeger load they -- fire , twice . thook ! thook ! 93. eerily , the two splat of paint stay freeze in the air , coating a invisible surface . traeger point : traeger ( cont ’d ) FIRE ! the entire brigade open FIRE with a blistering fusillade ! rory clamp he hand over he ear , scream silently . under the bombardment , a series of spastic shimmer as , before our eye ... the predator spacecraft appear --! its cloaking device short - circuite by the assault . Soldiers gape as -- traeger tense . look around . where 's the predator ? but nothing . silence . a thin smile of triumph : traeger ( cont ’d ) we beat it here . ( to he aide ) get on the horn . tell woodhurst we have he space ship . he turn to rory -- usher the boy forward , grip he shoulder . shove he toward -- the ship 's entryway and next to the hatch ... a alien code BOX . traeger ( cont 's D ) open it . rory hesitates . feeling all eye on he , he relent . reaches for the code box . two dozen dumbstruck soldier look on -- as a little boy input the code from memory . sh-kkk ! as easy as that , the hatch open . traeger turn to he aide . point . you be come , too . int . the ark a cavernous thrum oscillate as traeger look around , petrify . the technology be clearly alien . then he notice : the stasis cylinder inset around the periphery of the hold . traeger 's aide what the hell be they ? 94 , traeger property of Project stargazer , that 's what they be . ( to he aide ) tell the man to secure the craft ; get it ready for transport . I want it move before that ... thing get here . rory , meanwhile , have notice a control panel : a monitor on it , the graphic depict in we open . the stasis cylinder highlighted in red with time - code beside they . except the countdown have stop , mid - sequence ... dissolve to : int . stolen copter - flying - late afternoon no longer morning , it 's late in the day ... mckenna and casey , eyeing the roll country below . palmettos , swampland -- and , gallop in and out of sight : the sniffer . mckenna whisper : mckenna go , baby , go . run to papa . casey frown . point below , where : the sniffer have stop ; visible now on a low hill overlook a road closure , beyond which : some kind of activity . mckenna raise he binoc : he Pov - abandoned dirt road not just '' activity '' -- it 's the ark . currently in transit -- the army corp of engineer swarm round a huge flatbed truck , remove tarp from the spacecraft . shower of SPARKS as they solder towing ring ; lash steel cable . int . stolen copter - same flyboy pop a wad of bubble gum , say : 95 . flyboy look like they get it this far by truck . now they be prepping to airlift it in . see something , casey grab mckenna 's binoc . her Pov : traeger below in the eye of the hurricane , give order . casey there 's that asshole , traeger . mckenna go taut . mckenna that mean rory 's down there . ( to flyboy take we down . flyboy bank sharply , descend into the tree , as we -- CUT to : a sign be strapped to a palmetto tree with wire : danger : quarantine area -- AIR force personnel only ext . florida highway - day a five year - old kid , cowlick , cutoff , lick a popsicle , watch a soldier put the sign up . wider - a trailer park where a dozen or so resident have set up beach chair to watch . not a lot to do in the trailer park , apparently . girl in bikinis man a cuban food truck ; boom - box blaring . a terrible ricky ricardo caricature advertise cuban pete 's . then a bone - jarring bass rattle as -- ext . highway - outside trailer park - same our merry band ( mckenna , casey , et al ) crouch in the tree near the trailer park , looking skyward as -- two boring vertol heavy lifting helicopter ( hlh ) thunder overhead , en route to the ark. 96 . flyboy heavy lift copter . it 's a airlift , all right . the massive copter whorple over a adjacent cracker barrel restaurant . mckenna we have gotta get closer to the perimeter . blend in somehow . william ( scoff ) like this ? he gesture to the group , festooned with AK 's , ar - 15 's , holster glock -- not to mention tranq gun . casey stand out like a sore thumb . mckenna yeah ? when 's the last time you stop in a crowd and say , '' hey , that guy over there -- he thumb look sore . '' be honest . ( beat ) Fine . we bag the gun . across the road , the cracker barrel 's door OPEN : and out trudge three man , all strapped to the fuck tooth . assault rifle . pistol . they wave heartily at mckenna , hoist a bucket of chicken -- man # 1 y ’all hungry ? a ten year - old girl scramble from under the porch , sport a crossbow and a .44 Magnum . nettle Florida ... we be blend . coyle hey , you wanna blend more ? shoot the kid . Claim '' stand you Ground . '' william stab a gator and you 's 1ll be practically invisible . 97 . casey ( exasperate ) we do ? nettle one more . ( think , change he mind ) Nah , we be do . ext . trailer park - same we heroes troop into the bustling trailer park , approach the cuban pete truck . mckenna clock the back of the truck , cover in anti - government slogans -- banner , placard . mckenna ( to casey ; sotto ) you still have you stargazer 1.d .? she nod , hand it over with apprehension : casey you 's be gonna do something stupid , be not you ? mckenna and Williams trade conspiratorial grin . william Lady ? you have not see stupid yet . at the cuban pete truck a fence - off patch of sod next to the truck host a few struggle tomato . the proprieter ( '' pete '' ) tend it . mckenna approach . mckenna Sir --? proprieter ( '' pete '' ) call I Pete . what can I do for you ? mckenna well , Pete , my name 's mckenna . until recently , I work for the U.S. government -- he flash casey 's ( temporary ) government credential . 98 . mckenna ( cont ! D ) -- for that people . ( point toward the quarantine sign ) well , guess what , brother ? they be at it again . a cover-up . you think that 's really a toxic leak in that wood ? 's pete '' what , then ? mckenna adopt a solemn look . mckenna what if I tell you ... there 's something in that tree , and it be not no man . Cuban Pete tense . '' pete '' it 's bigfoot , be not it ? CUT to : int . the ark - same rory be still inside the spacecraft , under guard . he explore ... cast he eye round the interior , notice : a equipment alcove . and in it ... a predator bio - mask like the one he wear on Halloween . he reach for it -- guard hey ! do not touch that ! rory jump . back away , intimidate -- and meanwhile : ext . dirt road - same the two massive helicopter hover overhead , deafen -- rappelling line unfurl -- specialist rappel down , like a swat team . tactical . professional . and meanwhile -- ext . roadblock outside site heat . cicadas . two soldier on a jeep -- man a roadblock . they hear the roar of a engine , look up . wtf ? the '' cuban pete '' truck 99 . come barreling at they , terrible cuban DISCO blaring , breech the perimeter , and -- ext . dirt road - the ark - continuous the food truck trundle into view at high speed --! soldier converge , flagging it down . shout , cursing -- like you bowel after a Cuban Pete 's supper , this be all highly irregular , as -- under the truck - baxley drop from a open floor hatch , impact the dirt , and -- quickly roll out of sight , commando - style -- nettle , at the wheel wrench the truck to a halt , at which point : plump ( yet winsome ) bikini girl come pile from within , all with laden trays of hot cuban food . Soldiers , agape -- one of the girl flash a grin : bikini girl y'all brave boy gotta eat , right ? the officer in charge step forward , apoplectic : officer in charge we have plenty of damn food , now get this thing turn around -- with coyle - on a hilltop he watch through a sniper scope . speak into a throat mic : coyle shit . we go from Victoria 's secret to this ? below - inside the perimeter baxley spit , say : baxley relax . this guy be merc - for - hire , they have fuck a woodpile on the off chance there 's a snake in it . ( suddenly ) whoa . baxley 's Pov : 100 . from the truck , now , emerge a FOURTH girl . Daisy duke , tie up shirt-top ... long , blonde ( borrow ) wig -- casey , no less . she sashays past armed man , do-si - dos right up to the officer in charge -- extend a hand -- pull he into a dance . salsa , rumba -- something . the girl cheer . the surround soldier , gun waver , as int . mobile command post - same traeger look out upon the scene , aghast : traeger what in blue fuck be go on ? traeger 's aide local , sir . we be on it . ext . hillside - nearby a lone soldier trot toward the truck . muttering , shaking he head ... step round a thicket -- a arm lash out . pull he in . mckenna 's coal - blacken face , inch from he -- mckenna where 's the boy ? ext . clearing - with casey music , blaring . Girls dance . then , suddenly , casey 's wristwatch go beep -! her head snap round -- she shout : casey now . from the food container at she side , she let drop a spherical object . it bounce ..! shit. smoke grenade . pop --! smoke , billowing . choke . Cuban Pete 's three daughter , on it . Three quick toss , pop -! pop -! pop -! they drop flat , hand on they head -- smoke everywhere . cloy . two soldier stagger , look for a target , when -- thup ! thup ! both of they drop like sandbags , thanks to : 101 . william -- hide under the food truck -- wield @ tranquilizer gun , and -- casey swiftly tase the officer in the side . he go down -- she drop with he -- liberate he sidearm , roll away -- coyle and baxley , now chime in with additional smoke charge , as our boy nettle slam open the food truck 's rear door , kick loose two propane tank , set they roll -- snap a rifle to he shoulder , and as they bounce and tumble , fire --! detonate both . they go up with a whooooosh --! cascade flame ... debris , raining down -- traeger , now emerge from he command post to a scene of chaos . smoke everywhere . flame . he bark into he talkie : traeger secure the payload ! do it ! ( to he aide ) bring I the boy . now . at which point , we abruptly ( and oddly ) CUT to : darkness ( could be anywhere ) a space . cramped , disorient -- where be we ? then , a familiar , talon -like hand raise a equally familiar device ( the kujhad ) . commence tapping out a code -- ext . the ark - entrance hatch traeger 's aide appear at the hatch . physically grab the guard post to keep a eye on rory : traeger 's aide we be take ‘er up ! where 's the kid ? they both scan the interior ... shit . where do he go ? not far . he step out from the equipment alcove -- now wear the predator mask he find . 102 . the mask 's tiny plasma -caster swivel , whrrrrrr --! a volley of energy blows the two men out the OPEN hatch ! rory start to go . trip -- fall , drop the mask , it bounce away -- he look up , cock he head : a hatch open behind he . a familiar , blood - chill clicking SOUND , as ... the upgrade predator , now emerge , fetus-like from a floor compartment . he 's be conceal aboard the ship the whole time . the nine -foot predator rise ... tower . ghastly . rory scramble to he foot . leap out the hatchway -- ext . '' ark '' - continuous -- hit the ground run . and scream . and flail . but at least he 's outside . and that 's when the ground rise up in he path . literally come alive , like a creature -- as mckenna stand trail dirt . the sod from the trailer park garden strapped to he back . face blacken . eye feral . he clutches he son : mckenna easy , buddy . it 's I . dad . rory nod . mckenna look up , startled , as -- a figure charge out of the smoke . it 's casey . a otherworldly humming , now suffuse the air ... low . ominous -- uh-oh . they look toward the ship , as it commence to vibrate -- oh , shit . on the ship -- movement , now hatch begin to open . all around the exterior . Metal door sliding upward -- dark inside . beckone . a clatter of assault rifle , soldier level they weapon ... that 's when the hybrid emerge from there pod ..! 103 . swarming . some on four leg , some three . some upright -- other scuttle like crab . so much smoke , so hard to see the soldier blindly OPEN FIRE --! traeger no ! no ! keep they alive -- ! the hybrid carve a path through the soldier --! obscenely shrieking as they be pelt with bullet . never stop -- mckenna and casey desperately casting around for a hide place -- it 's rory who grab he dad 's arm , point : mckenna what be it , son ? rory in there . the empty tube . mckenna blink . brilliant . the vacate cryotube , hatches wide open . he grab casey and the kid , bundle they inside : int . cramped compartment - mckenna he spoons with casey . cradle he son , close . hiding . the bear hug he long for ? now a survival tool . rory crack one eyelid , unable to not look : brief , nightmare glimpse of the ship 's interstellar passengers roam the mist , kill . each different , but all express a common trait : the trademark mottle skull and mandible of the predator . rory spot nettle the hero loony , shepherd girl into the taco truck . swing up into the driver 's seat , except ... something between tusk and talon come through the windshield . rory shut he eye ; bye-bye , nettles . at the MAIN hatch - the upgrade here he come . golem-like . loom . stalk majestically from the main hatchway as ... the hybrid 104 . converge on he . gathering . circle they leader in rag formation -- almost a military greeting . a unspoken order from the upgrade -- and with that , off they go , lope away -- vanish into the surround tree . int . cramped compartment mckenna turn to rory : mckenna be you ... be you okay ? mckenna frown . no answer . rory 's not look at he . he 's look up . petrify ... because they be not alone . something 's in here with they . mckenna follow he gaze . a low animal chitter , all too familiar ... above they , hang upside down : not a holographic projection , but the real deal -- a spider / predator hybrid . ext . the ark - continuous they all scramble out . spin back around , panicked , as the hybrid appear . poise in the hatch , mandible extend . as mckenna watch -- rory tap the code , the hatch slam shut -- bisecting the spider predator but the front half ? still alive , still moving -- casey and mckenna blast it to tatters . as the thing finally , blessedly expire : mckenna ( cont ’d ) ( gasp ) I hate spider . if ... if it happen again -- rory and mckenna ( nod , in unison : ) let 's call Mom . ext . railhead - day ( moment later ) aftermath . a haze of smoke and debris hang over the vacate ark . medics tend to the wounded . 105 . mckenna limp into view . bee-line to traeger . livid . mckenna it be in there the whole time , you asshole . that be its goddamn plan ! traeger fool I twice , shame on I . mckenna where be it go ? where did he want you to take he --? traeger that 's classified , Lieutenant . before mckenna can respond with action , traeger draw he sidearm on he ; a twinkle in he eye . traeger ( cont 's D ) kind of ironic , really . a train sniper , die from a headshot . blamm --! mckenna flinch as -- blood spatter he face . a thousand - meter - a-second sniper round just pierce traeger 's head . the guy drop , lifeless . shit . mckenna spin , eye tracking downrange -- predator weapon --? nope . m24 sniper rifle . general woodhurst , come into view , flanke by army troops . woodhurst good riddance to bad rubbish . ( note : this be the General we see on the phone with traeger earlier . ) he stop just shy of mckenna . nod tersely : woodhurst ( cont ’d ) breathe easy , soldier . I be on you side . casey , rory and the loonies step forward to join mckenna . woodhurst regards they . point to rory , casey , and cutter : woodhurst ( cont ’d ) you stay here . ( look up ) the rest of you , come with I . 106 . casey put a maternal hand on rory 's shoulder . a reassure look to mckenna : '' I 'il take care of he . '' time -cut : ext . the everglade - aerial shot - dusk a cape canaveral - like launch facility abut what look like a animal habitat . vast swampland beyond . int . uh-72 lakota helicopter - flying - dusk woodhurst ride shotgun . mckenna and the loonies in back , look down at the facility below . mckenna what be I look at ? stargazer hq ? woodhurst ( shake he head ) stargazer be all traeger . CIA black op , corporate donor , all that shit . be not we . off mckenna , stupefy : woodhurst ( cont ’d ) oh , yeah . Son of a whore go off the reservation . he be in it for profit . practically steal that predator for he little science experiment . he 's also the one who frame you . ( beat ) it 's not like I shot he just ' cause I feel like it . CUT to : ext . dirt road - the ark - as before casey can not help but eye the spacecraft curiously . her army chaperone , momentarily distract ; rory nudge she , mischievous : rory wanna see what 's inside ? CUT to : ext . area 52 - dusk a blast of SOUND and wind as the two lakota helicopter land inside chain link and razor wire mark with sign : 107 . restricted area no trespassing -- U.S. government property Dust swirl as mckenna and the man jump out -- trade glance : it be not just the soldier mobilizing , or even the 40 mm anti - aircraft gun ... it 's the urgency . like they be prepare for a siege . woodhurst lead they down some step to a modernistic bunker half - in / half - out of the ground . GREEN beret at the entrance . woodhurst we do not have time for security check , just behave yourselves and we will not have to shoot you . mckenna what be this place ? woodhurst '' Area 52 . '' base of operation . mckenna for what ? woodhurst defend earth from the predator . the door yawn OPEN , and -- int . corridor - area 52 ( moment later ) woodhurst lead the man down a long corridor line with display case : predator skeleton ; weapon ; battle armor . woodhurst ( cont ’d ) they 's have be come here for year . Problem be , they m.o. 's change . dissension among the rank . you see it yourself -- that big one tore the other one in half . they reach a security checkpoint . walk right through . woodhurst ( cont ’d ) luckily , we have some ... '' consultant '' help we . ( a hard look hope you boy be wear you depend ... hydraulic door slide OPEN to reveal : 108. int . animal enclosure like you have see at the zoo . but no lion , no tiger , no bear . instead ? behind thick plexi : two predator turn to look at we heroes . same size as we '' good '' predator . they blink curiously . woodhurst ( cont ’d ) there 's a cold war go on , gentleman . seem it 's heating up . ( be : predator ) this two ... be defector . be here almost a year . mckenna , at a loss . no word . finally manage : mckenna they be okay with ... with be coope up in there ? woodhurst oh , we let ‘em out at night . game preserve , next door . they be peace emmissary but ... hell , they be still predator , they be gonna kill shit . he light a cigar : woodhurst ( cont ’d ) that first one you meet ? '' tiny ? '' ( point to defector ) he be on they side . stole the ark with that hybrid so the big fuck could not use ‘em against we . william whoa . you be say the first alien be ... friendly ? mckenna fuck that . the son of a bitch kill my man . woodhurst hey , I never say he be a nice guy ... just that he be on we side . which bring we to the Big bad -- ( beat ) who , unless I miss my guess , be on he way here right now . with he '' team . '' 109 . mckenna but why ? what 's he end game ? woodhurst shrug : woodhurst like I say . cold war . ( be : predator ) he come to kill this two . mckenna take a moment . look up -- mckenna so , he 's ... a assassin ? woodhurst that 's right , Lieutenant . that thing out there 's a assassin . ( icy glance ) just like you . mckenna say you be right . it take out its target , then what ? without warning , one of the predator '' talk '' ; its peculiar , throaty rattle of click over a scratchy p.a. speaker . a aide hand woodhurst a device with a small LED screen . he key it like a walkie-talkie , say : woodhurst please repeat that . the predator repeat with more emphasis . woodhurst look at the LED screen a brief delay , we see : search ... search ... finally , a digitize voice issue from the device : translator voice '' protocol 3 . the synthetic will identify and procure most evolve opponent . '' the word hang in the air a moment . woodhurst that 's the thing , see -- it will not just leave . not without souvenir . ( beat ) it 's go to choose the strongest , most worthy adversary , and -- 110 . mckenna ( finish the think ) -- and rip out its spine for the DNA , to take back home . ( turn to predator ) be that about the size of it ..? the predator speak again . woodhurst look at the translator : search ... search ... search ... translator voice '' about size . '' ext . area 52 - night a sentry patrol . stop , and squint at : a four-legged animal , in silhouette . a coyote ..? now , another animal join the first : no leg here at all . tentacles . sentry mudbug one , we get bamf at the outside wire , we got bamf at th -- whomp --!! one of the creature take he down , drag he . nothing leave after ten yard but slick of blood and sinew . int . surveillance room - a row of video monitor feature the exterior : the hybrid , cut through the perimeter sentries . alarm start to wail , as woodhurst look on , mckenna and the other bath in the ice- blue glow of the monitor . the General lick he lip , say : woodhurst get ‘em outta here . mckenna who ? woodhurst point at the predator in the enclosure . woodhurst they . we 'il hold off the other ' till you get away . mckenna away where --? 111. woodhurst the ship , for chrissake . if you get they to the ship , they know how to fly it . his tone soften . respectful . woodhurst ( cont ’d ) look , we have be watch you . you be good at this . ( beat ) just get ‘em to they ride . we 'il handle the bug . mckenna and team do not ask question . they mobilize . as woodhurst call after they : woodhurst ( cont ’d ) I be scramble F - 22 ''s . contact they once you be in the air ! series of quick cut : bunker corridor light flicker on and off , suggest the predator have attack the central power system . we heroes -- as well as the predator defector -- grab weapon from the display case . mckenna stuff they in a backpack : a shuriken , a combistick , a biohelmet . he put on the mask , look at Williams . mckenna ( muffle ) I feel like a idiot . william you look like a idiot . ext . series of shot - area 52 - night vehicle come blast up out of a tunnel , exite the compound . a high speed convoy , on the move . army motorcycle . behind they : jeep -- with pedestal - mount machine gun . imagine the presidential motorcade but bristle with artillery . and in the CENTER of the convoy , the key vehicle -- the one william be drive : a m113 stryker armore personnel carrier . mckenna , baxley and coyle be on top as well as , yes -- 112 . the two predator each armed with a m60 machine gun in one hand , a plasma - caster in the other . ready to fight alongside we heroes . behind they , a continuous roar of gunfire -- the army versus the hybrid , off-screen . now , however , it become sporadic ... and then , rather suddenly , cease altogether . william ( cont ’d ) guess they take care of the bug ? one of the predator defector utter some guttural click . Williams consult the translator : search ... search ... translator voice '' fornicate . '' mckenna , up top look toward the rear of the gauntlet . they have get company . mckenna incoming ! the hybrid scramble into view at high speed , pick up the scientist 's scent . drool mandible , flash eye ... nightmare time . the first hybrid leap onto the rear support jeep . fange . cling . a soldier rake it with artillery -- brraaapppp --! the jeep jack -knife . the hybrid leap to the ground , the gunner 's skin in its mouth -- ! two more hybrid scurry behind the apc like racing dog . the loonies and the predator unload on they , but one manage to leap onto the back ! teeth gnash . it fall off , but quickly regroup -- hurtle back , but -- brakk ! brakk ! surgical bullet hit . the thing buckle . plume of GREEN blood , as -- mckenna 113. hang off the back of the apc with a sniper rifle , take well - place shot . beside he : baxley look at they neck , Chief ! mckenna blink . '' what ? ? '' baxley ( cont ’d ) ( point ) there neck ! mckenna squint at : the hybrid , in pursuit and there , sure enough , something resembling collar . mckenna raise the translator pad ; yell to the nearest predator scientist : mckenna what be that collar ?! the predator bark and trill between blast . close on translator : search ... search ... translator voice '' self. destruct . '' mckenna , intense . think quickly , he grab the talkie from he belt , turn it on : mckenna ( into bluetooth ) casey , it 's mckenna ! be you there ? do you have access to the ship ?! int . ark - that moment ( intercut : casey and rory , inside the ship . casey ( into bluetooth ; sheepish ) um ..? she make a face at rory ; '' bus -ted . '' mckenna listen to I ! the hybrid have some kind of self - destruct collar ! be there a way to -- 114 . rory overhear this ; grab casey 's talkie , excited : rory dad , it 's I , I see it ! I see the the program ! the first predator be try to blow they up , but the sequence stop . mckenna can you do it ? casey there be something about self - destruct in the file . the one schaefer meet in ' 87 leave a pretty big hole . rory this only have a ten-foot radius . we be cool . sort of . casey turn , incredulous . rory squirm , self - conscious : rory ( cont ’d ) maybe twenty . ( beat ) I , uh , see it in the helmet . suddenly paranoid , casey yank the sniffer 's collar off - - hurl it out the open hatch . the sniffer chase after it , play fetch again . casey whirl -- see rory 's finger , already tapping a control panel . she can not fight the urge to smile . casey he 's on it , mckenna . ext . convoy - moving fast mckenna watch the hybrid darting after they . mckenna ( into bluetooth ; tense ) I have visual . any time now would be great . int . ark - same rory hit key , sweat . mckenna ( cont 's D ) rory --? 115 . rory I know , I get it . I be try ! casey look around , frantic . casey too far . we must be out of range . ( wit 's end ) if only there be a way to move this thing ! ext . convoy - with the hybrid darting and weaving . seemingly fixate on a single objective : the armore personnel carrier mckenna see this , key the translation device : mckenna why be they ignoring the other vehicle --? the predator near he speak : klik -rattle-klik ! on the device : search ... search ... translator voice '' we be target . '' off mckenna , the color drain from he face -- CUT to : ext . SMALL florida town - night the apc careen into view . hybrid close on its heel . baxley eat it as , from nowhere , a hybrid leap -- tear he skin off . the body tumble away ... coyle , next in line . he do not go quietly . unload a volley of ammo in the creature 's face -- the hybrid chews he spine out before it collapse , dead weight press down on coyle 's ravage corpse . william , drive for the first time , he look nervous . glance down : close on gps screen 116 . show the space ship 's location . a quick glance tell we they be still a mile out . william ( into bluetooth ) hey , Lieutenant , you get a plan , or ..? on mckenna and he face pretty much tell the tale : nope . then he spot something new . in the distance behind they , but grow ... the predator , the big bad sprint like a cheetah , in pursuit . close fast . he sport two wrist gauntlet -- projectile arrow and cannon . that 's it . lean and mean . close on mckenna carnage , all around . he look at the predator defector ; scream into the translation device : mckenna how do we win --?? bleat of click from the predator . search ... search ... translator voice '' maybe not win . '' william look at the gps display . frown . sees the ship -blip be now moving toward they .... wtf ? which be when : a huge shadow fall over road . blott out the moon . be it ..? it be . the ark -- and it 's fuck airborne --! int . ark - that moment dwarf by the massive '' Captain 's chair '' , rory be now wear the predator biohelmet , psychically link to the technology . he work the control , spin to casey : rory take she down ... now . 117 . determined , he grab the control yoke . just one problem -- ext . the ark landing this fucker be not easy . plus it 's damage , remember ? the spacecraft buck . wobbles -- int . the ark casey , flung sideways . go slide -- casey be you try to crash ?? I think you be some kind of genius , for chrissake ! rory I ’m in special CLASS , okay ? a sudden lurch . the destruct console jerk in she hand , and she blink , register : it move . New idea . she grab the control panel , haul it loose -- and propel it across the deck toward : a escape pod . we see the first predator use one : at the start of the film . the hatch slide down , eclipse she from view -- rory on it . know what to do , grab the control yoke , and -- ext . the ark it swivel in place like a cannon , lining up , aiming -- int . escape pod casey see a red button , slam it , and whoooosh --! launch herself . the pod go airborne -- ext . florida town - MAIN drag - that moment it tumble ... slam down ! traverses the length of the street . inside : casey 's jolted , scream , as -- outside : the hybrid watch the pod scream past they , hesitate with confusion . that 's when we see : 118 . tiny red led on they collar be blinking ... and now ? one by one , before we eye , the hybrid explode as the spacecraft skid past they -- like a string of nuclear firecrackers -- thoom ! thoom ! thoom ! ext . atop the personnel carrier - moving mckenna see the sky behind they light up from the detonate hybrid . but he exhilaration be cut short as he notice : the dead hybrid on the top of the apc -- the LED on its collar be blink now . oh , shit . the two predator raise they wrist gauntlet -- thook ! thook ! launching grappling hook ! yank the corpse up -- and heave it off the apc like fisherman throw a marlin back into the ocean . Williams put the pedal to the metal : ba-whoom !! the hybrid explode , mid-air . at which point , not to be outdone -- Williams promptly crash . series of shot the apc plows through chainlink , throwing mckenna and the predator off ... and meanwhile , back at the ranch -- ext . escape pod the hatch pop OPEN ... casey half - crawl , half -tumble out . look up , sweaty , feral -- one hybrid left . a weird , satanic look thing , rush straight at she -- it come in range of the signal . blows . she dive for cover behind the pod . bit of predator - thing , raining . a dismember torso arc down . Hit the tarmac . turn to she , still alive , reaching -- she rip out its spine . 119 . the sniffer lope up beside she . a proud hunt dog ... admire its huntress . a image to remember . CUT to : ext . high school stadium - night mckenna and william , sprawle . groggy . ten yard - line of a high school football field . Williams nod downrange : the ark be down just past the fifty yard - line . imbedd in the turf . and there 's rory limp from the ship . disorient . mckenna start toward he . his expression suggest that once he have the boy in he arm , he 's not likely to let go . at which point , the '' defector '' predator rise slowly , throatily clicking ... grab they weapon . then ? everything go to hell . stride across the field -- the upgrade . Big as life . raise the gauntlet . promptly spike a ion blast through each of the smaller predator ; disintegrating they -- he bellows victory : Mission accomplish . then pivot . mandibles twitching -- walk toward its closest remaining foe , human or alien : the kid . the loser . '' ass Burger . '' the predator scoops he up in one hand -- regards he clinically , with something akin to ... respect ? turn , now ... and enter the down spaceship . with rory . mckenna rory !!! the hatch slam shut . mckenna stare in disbelief ... then start after they , the full meaning of this hit he -- his son figure out how to fly the ark ; how to kill the hybrid . so what do that mean to the upgrade ? only this : rory be its most evolved opponent . 120 . int . the ark - a cryotube as the predator roughly toss rory into it for safe keep . screen blink to life ; a deep bass rumble be hear as the ship power up for departure . ext . bleacher - on mckenna as the spacecraft 's engine rumble , and -- he vault up the bleacher step --! Williams see this . trade a glance with flyboy . they exchange '' fuck it '' shrug , and haul ass after he -- the ark rise plasma exhaust spewing , as mckenna scramble up bleacher -- the ark , now fifteen foot below the top of the stadium ... mckenna do not slow . run , launch into the air -- touches down , whack --! on top of the ship . he yelp in pain . ankle , twisted , and meanwhile -- william and flyboy , more sensible stand , look down at he . patiently wait as the top of the ship rise even with they -- step on , like step onto a escalator . mckenna shoot they a wither look . that 's when the ship turn , throw the three man off balance . they scramble to find handhold -- ext . florida town - that moment local police car , scream into view , flasher turn . a motorcycle cop look up , stunne . seeing : he Pov - the ark rising over the treeline . he grab for he lapel mike -- but that 's the same moment he handgun be liberate from its holster , and he whirl to : casey , aim he own sidearm at he . motorcycle cop you do not want to do this , lady . 121 . casey there 's a lot of shit I do not wanna do , ponch . she mount he harley , roar off after the predator ship . ext . the ark - aerial just in time for our vertigo shot -- as the ship ascend with we three soldier hang precariously . mckenna 's backpack slide away -- he flail at it , the predator weapon disgorge , tumble earthward , fuck -- he haul it in , secure it . cup he ear , the one with the bluetooth inside . yell into the com over the rushing wind : mckenna rory , I be on top of the ship !! be you okay ?! int . ark safe in he coffin-like tube , rory be shocked to hear he dad . put he hand over he mouth so the predator will not hear : rory Mom be right . you be crazy . ext . road below - night casey 's steal chopper roar in pursuit of the spaceship . she see something by the side of the road , brake abruptly -- ! the item that fall from the ship . dent , scar : a predator biohelmet . a few foot beyond it , a cloaking ball . like the one mckenna use in Cuba . ext . the ark - flying mid-air , Williams look up , blanch . point : william uh-oh . on you six , chief ! mckenna squint , see something on the horizon . scratch that : two thing , on the horizon : f-22 raptor stealth fighter close fast . the one woodhurst scramble . a sidewinder launch from one of they , and -- 122 . int . ark rory , tense , peer from hide at a monitor depict the income air- to- air missile . then a blink dotted line begin to form , surround the ship . rory tap he bluetooth , frantic : rory dad ?? there 's a force field go online -- automatic ! mckenna ( o.s. ) um -- say again ? rory just ... jump ! straight up , now ! ext . the ark - series of shot no time to argue , mckenna yell the order to he man : mckenna jump --! what happen next , happen quickly . the force field doe engage , but first , three thing : 1 ) mckenna attempt to jump . stumble . Falls flat . 2 ) william ? he do jump . straight up , in fact . 3 ) flyboy , ala , do neither . he freeze , catch out , as -- the invisible force field blast on with a ionize crackle ! now , let 's tally the result . first off -- mckenna be lie under the field , which be just above he . a lock of he hair feather down , clipped . nebraska come down , boot first , on top of the force shield ! stand in mid-aid . surreal . but sadly : confuse flyboy have be cut off at the knee . severe , he topple away . his last flight . nebraska , now , drop down 123 . hanging on for dear life . lies splay , palm flat , separate from mckenna only by the force shield . without it , they have be on top of each other . series of shot - the incoming missile blast overhead : a miss . pass they and rip forward into -- the tree ahead vanish . pause ... detonation . Tower of flame . they be go to pass right through it . mckenna , breathless , under the shield . protected . nebraska , not so much . they face each other through the barrier . lock eye ; inch apart a moment before : nebraska be burned away , flame engulf the spacecraft . int . f- 22 - flying - that moment the second pilot adjust he hud . lock on the predator ark . f-22 pilot two five -six , bogey 's in my sight , fang out . lighting up ' winder ... a alarm pierce : something 's wrong . the pilot look to he radar , shit , he 's be paint , as -- the predator ship , retaliating Hell , yeah . from the craft , a energy bolt lance upward . mere foot in front of mckenna , nearly incinerate he -- int . F - 22 - same the pilot engage the ejection handle , and -- fwoosh ! Pilot and seat both rocket away as -- the ship dissolves into flame beneath he . ext . predator ark - with mckenna seeing the jet go to piece , high overhead . he look around , desperation mount . have a nutty idea . he draw a gun , grip it tightly . galvanize , and -- launch himself 124 , roll toward the edge , not stop -- tumble off the ship , over the fucking edge ! we think it 's suicide . but nope : as long as he 's inside the shield , he can ride the fucker . which he doe . slew . tumble down a invisible slide . clud --! fetches to a stop . underneath the craft . Florida blow by beneath he . the only thing that 's get he back , utterly invisible . he decide not to look down . fixates overhead , instead , on : the exposed ship 's belly . more specifically --? the empty port where a escape pod once nestle . he wrestle he way inside , cling to a strut . see a keypad , yell : mckenna rory ! what 's the sequence ?? I watch you put it in , tell I ! int . ark - cryotube - intercut : rory hear this , stammer : rory to the pod ?? I ... I can not remember . mckenna okay , do this -- try . rory I can not think , it 's mix up in my head -- mckenna dammit , son , I watch you ! it be one , two , then over three , up two ... mckenna stop . blink . mckenna ( cont 's D ) Holy shit . I fuck know it . he begin frantically stabbing away at the entry pad . mckenna ( cont 's D ) rory ? you know how I always say be a big boy ? rory yeah ? 125 . mckenna screw it . make yourself small , kid . ( beat ) down ! now ! the hatch slide back -- mckenna unload , shot after shot . targeting any blinking light . blaze away . teeth bare , fearsome -- int . the ark the ship shudder violently as -- the predator whip around in he seat , alarm klaxon pealing . registers the OPEN door ; a visitor . do not miss a beat . raise a arm , fire -- mckenna , blown backward the blast knock he loose . send he tumbling backward into open air -- and we say '' open air '' because even as the energy shield catch he , high over Florida , we can see it 's flickering . like a bulb before it go out -- and then , it go out . mckenna drop . like a stone , even as the predator ark , crippled begins descend . pitch , yaw -- also descending - mckenna but faster . plummeting , a thousand foot in the air . sees : a lone parachute billow . the ejected pilot from the first F - 22 . mckenna adjust course in mid-air ; slam into the guy , and -- grab hold , break he fall , as ext . florida swamp - dawn - the predator ark pierce the tree , skim across brackish water -- hurtle into a fall willow , crack --! int . ark ( intercut : ) the view port explode outward . predator , ejected ..! 126 . exit , pinwheel through space ... disappear into the bog . vanish , submerge . the ship subside , come to rest in ... the swamp primitive . primordial . what the world be like before the dinosaur . silence ... mckenna , now crash down --! through the branch . break rib , tear skin . toss like a rag doll , until -- ext . swamp - dawn he jerk to a halt , hang in a tree branch twenty foot off the ground . much like when we meet first he . unconscious pilot , strapped beside he . mckenna take stock . look down , at the massive figure rising from the swamp . back hunch ; shard pepper its flesh . rivulets of phosphorescent green blood ... the upgrade predator it 's down to the two of they . mckenna do not waste a second . he 's already unlimber he sniper rifle and he double - tap the trigger , put two in its chest . and from there ..? it never stop . the creature bellows ..! stumble back , collide with the down ark . put a hand out to steady itself , grip the craft -- mistake . int . ark - with rory rory leap to the console . find a flicker button , pound it with he tiny fist -- and just like that , triggers the force shield . ext . ark the predator look down , goggle -- 127 . noting the neatly cauterize stump where its forearm be . the limb drop away as the predator look on , dumbly . mckenna , meanwhile drop ..! roll -- come up run . blasting shot at the creature . dive behind a tree ... and blink . because right in front of he , incongruously : a motorcycle . just lie there . he snap he gaze upward , hearing tree move -- see nothing -- as , without warning casey , cloaking ball in hand shimmer and materialize before our eye . launch , snarling , from a overhead tree branch . onto the predator 's shoulder ..! she grab a fistful of dreadlock . slice they clean off --! the predator stagger and weave . disorient . clawing blindly at the air . mckenna toss he rifle -- pull the combistick -- here we go . the final flurry : the upgrade swat mckenna aside . casey , send tumble . then the predator spin , startle -- strike by three bullet , as holy fuck , the guy in the tree ! the pilot , have remove he sig - sauer from he nylon vest and , still strapped in , start raining cover FIRE -- predator , one swift move triggers a ion blast . blow the tree to splinter . obliterate he . debris shower down . mckenna , scramble ... the predator unload . loose a veritable firestorm . triggers blast after blast , churn up water , shredd tree -- we heroes can do nothing but duck and cover . 128. they be no match . casey be blow six foot through the air , hit , rattle , and it 's all over -- heroes , do . except : now , above the din , a SOUND intrude upon casey 's consciousness . subtle at first , she squint -- now we hear it -- a heavy panting off-camera , as the sniffer pad into view . something in its mouth . it drop it at casey 's foot ; a offer . casey 's Pov : the self-destruct collar . the one she throw away earlier . it fetch it back . at which point , everything proceed like a blur : casey , no hesitation . she scoops it up , feverishly access button on she wrist gauntlet -- across the clear , mckenna see this , yell : mckenna ( cont ’d ) toss it . she do not ask question . sling it . across the clear to mckenna -- who snag it from air , just in time to dive . narrowly miss be incinerated -- he hit , roll -- come up in a combat crouch ; having retrieved the predator 's severe arm . the one with the arrow . he loop the collar over the double - pronge projectile . pivot , aim as -- casey , on the run triggers the last two digit in the arming code : the LED blink red . mckenna fire ; take the creature in the leg . imbed . pause ... the explosion hurl the predator backward --! Red smoke and flame subside , revealing ... 129 . a fifteen foot crater . smoke . seethe ... in the midst of it , the predator , a bloody green mess . writhing ... barely alive . mckenna and casey stagger forward , casey in battle mode rory , now stagger out of the down ark ... rush to he father 's side . they embrace , but mckenna 's eye never leave the predator ; rifle at the ready . cautiously , he reach in he pack . bring out the translator device . key it ... mckenna ( cont ! D ) ( to the predator ) who be you ..? what be you ? the predator , half - conscious , '' answer '' with its trademark rattle of trill and click . search ... search ... translator voice '' I ... warrior . '' ( beat ) '' you ? '' mckenna trade look at rory . a shrug . not resign , but ... maybe a hint of pride ? mckenna same . the creature point at rory . translator voice '' warrior ... new breed . '' that 's bizarre . for a moment we have swear it 's favor the kid with a fond look , one of admiration -- then it goe for the kid . the last of its strength , lash out , talon bare -- mckenna put two shot through its eye . the predator slump . Dead . mckenna 's eye shift to he son , spatter in green blood . stare . 130 . mckenna sorry . rory that 's okay . you can shoot he again if you want . mckenna I be good . a commotion , now , they turn they gaze skyward , as series of shot : huey come ratchete in , circle the clear . soldier , rappelling down through tree top -- a platoon of U.S. military touches down , immediately sprinting for the three survivor , form a makeshift perimeter -- we hear a familiar snort and the slobbering predator dog pad into view . bee-line to casey , panting for she favor . every military weapon swivel to draw a bead on it . but like a amazon warrior , casey divest the nearest soldier of he weapon . spin , cock it -- ! casey you touch my dog and I x11 kill you . one of the soldier run up to they . soldier at extraction site Lieutenant mckenna ? the soldier hand he a cell phone . mckenna put the phone to he ear , perplex . then ... a relieved smile , and he hand the phone to he son . rory ( into phone ) Mom ? ext . rory 's house - day ( intercut : ) emily , on the front porch . clutch a phone : 131. emily be you okay , honey ? his answer , drown out by the roar of a chopper descend . emily ( cont ’d ) what have you say , peanut ? rory plug he ear . shout : rory ich liebe auch tou ! but still , no good . the helicopter , deafen . emily what ? ? now the chopper die down ... just in time for we to hear : rory I love you . time CUT : minute later - on casey and mckenna approach the helicopter . casey it 's weird . the file be all about how honorable this thing be ... ( be : upgrade ) but this one -- he be not about hunt . no sport chance , nothing . just slaughter . mckenna you say it yourself , it have human DNA ... ( smile sadly ) they 's be become more like we . casey ( unsettle ) mckenna , do we ... do we just start a war ? now , a voice from the chopper : voice ( 0.s. ) negatory . the war 's already start . they both look up as , frame in the hatchway , reveal : '' dutch '' schaefer the predator 's first adversary . face haunt ; schaefer dutch schaefer , U.S. special force . come with I . rory uh ... I , too ? schaefer nod , smile grimly ... say : schaefer especially you . CUT to black . credit . 132 . etched by pain .