" the searcher " revise final screenplay by Frank nugent fade in behind the main title and the credit : ext . plain country - close shot - moving just above ground level - a study of hoofprint - late afternoon the hoofprint be deeply etched in the ground , pick they way through scrubby desert growth . a occasional tumbleweed drift with the light breeze across the pattern of print ; and lightly - blow soil and sand begin the work of erase they . the camera following the hoofprint raise slowly to : ext . plain country - long shot - late afternoon we see the rider now . back to camera , jogging slowly along -- head down a long valley toward a still - distant ranch house with its outly barn and corral . ext . plain country - mo . shot - moving - late afternoon the camera frame and move with the lone horseman . he be ethan edward , a man as hard as the country he be crossing . ethan be in he forty , with a three - day stubble of beard . Dust be cake in the line of he face and powder he clothing . he wear a long confederate overcoat , tear at one pocket , patch and clumsily stitched at the elbow . his trousers be a fade blue with a off-color stripe down the leg where once there have be the yellow stripe of the yankee cavalry . his saddle be mexican and across it he carry a fold serape in place of the Texas poncho ... Rider and horse have come a long way . the camera hold and pan the rider past and we see another detail ; strapped onto he saddle roll be a sabre and scabbard with a gray silk sash wrap around it ... horse and rider pass , move closer to the ranch as a little girl and a small dog come tear around the corner of the house . ext . the yard of the edward ranch - mo . shot - debbie - late afternoon she be stare wide - eye at the distant horseman o.s . her little dog have see he too and be bark excitedly . debbie quickly reach to grab the dog by the scruff of the neck , crouching over he . Debbie be 11 year old with a piquant , memorable face . ext . the yard - close shot - debbie here we must establish and dramatize what it be about she face that be memorable , so that if we be to see she again five or six year later , we would know it be she -- perhaps the eye color or the slant of eyebrow , or a trick of scratch bridge of nose with crooked forefinger . ext . the edward house - mo . shot - aaron - late afternoon the ranch house be of adobe , solidly build , with a sod and cross-timbered roof , deep window . a small gallery or porch extend across the front . aaron edward come through the door , attract by the dog 's bark -- and then he , too , see the approach horseman and come farther out -- curious but not at all apprehensive . Aaron be a lean , weathered and tired man , with a down - sweep mustache ; a gentler- look man than ethan and possibly a few year older . as he squint off , study the rider , he older daughter , lucy , come out to stand behind he . Lucy be from 16 to 18 -- a pleasant , feminine girl . she be carry a mixing bowl with some sort of batter in it , which she now completely forget to whip in she interest in the approach stranger . in the next instant martha edward follow the daughter onto the porch . martha be a still - lovely woman , although the year have etched fine wrinkle about she eye and mouth , and work have wear and coarsen she hand . that hand will never be idle when martha be on scene ... and now , while she share the family 's interest in the approach horseman , she automatically note that Lucy have forget she task -- and she take the mixing bowl from she and stir the batter . ext . yard of the edward house - full shot - late afternoon along the side of the house come BEN edward , 14 , with a man-size armload of chunkwood clutch to he chest . he , too , have spot the stranger and be all attention . so much so that he trip , but recover he foot . he pause to dump the wood into a woodbox by the door -- he eye always rivete on the oncoming rider -- and then he move toward the other , bite a splinter out of a finger . Beyond Ben , martin pauley emerge from the barn and cross the open ground head toward camera . Martin be somewhat under 20 , a lithe , perfectly coordinate male animal , with indian - straight hair and a white man' eye . he be carry bridle or other horse - gear . he look to the family on the porch -- to see if they recognize the stranger -- then out again . he continue , follow by Ben , toward where Debbie crouch over she dog . ext . plain country - long shot - ethan - late afternoon as he ride downslope toward the house . the credit end . ext . the edward ranch - mo . close shot - martha , lucy , and aaron - late afternoon suddenly , martha 's eye widen as she -- even before Aaron -- recognize the distant rider . her hand go to she mouth to check the name that tremble on she lip ... a instant later Aaron , too , identify the oncoming horseman . aaron ( incredulous ) ethan ? he look at she , frown , then slowly step out onto the hard ground . martha hand the bowl back to Lucy and follow Aaron . ext . the yard of the edward house - full shot - the group as ethan ride in and sit he horse , look down at they . there be a noticeable constraint on all of they . finally : ethan hello , Aaron ... his eye shift to martha and hold . ethan be , and always have be , in love with he brother 's wife and she with he . ethan martha ... martha ( a bit shakily ) hello , ethan . ethan slowly , stiffly swing out of the saddle . Aaron and martha exchange quick glance ... troubled , puzzle . Aaron pastes on a uncertain smile as ethan come around he horse toward they side . aaron how 's California ? ethan how should I know ? aaron but mose harper say ... ethan that old goat still creakin ' around ?... why not someone bury he ? he go to he saddle pack , begin unlace it . Ben and Debbie have inched closer -- half - shy , half -curious . Debbie 's dog begin sniff at he heel . ethan look down at they - not unfriendly , just a man not use to child . ethan Ben , be not you ? Ben nod . ethan ( frown at Debbie ) Lucy , you be not much bigger than when I see you last . debbie I be deborah ! ( point ) she 's Lucy . ethan look in the direction of the point finger . ext . yard - another angle as Lucy step down from the porch and approach . martha Lucy 's go on seventeen now ... BEN a ' she 's get a beau ! kiss he , too ! martha that 's enough ... go on inside and help Lucy set the table ... you , too , deborah ! ext . yard - full shot - another angle as Martin -- with slightly avert face -- cross to take the bridle of ethan 's horse and lead he away . ethan ( wheeling on he ) momento ! Martin check he stride , stare in surprise . martha ( contritely ) Martin !... here we have be stand ... ethan , you have not forget Martin ? ethan oh ... mistook you for a half - breed . martin ( levelly ) not quite ... Quarter Cherokee . the rest be welsh ... so they tell I . ethan you have do a lot of growin ' ... aaron it be ethan find you squallin ' in a sage clump after you folk be massacre ... ethan ( bluntly ) it just happen to be I ... no need to make any more of it ... martin I will take care of you horse for you , uncle ethan . again , he start to lead away . ethan hold on ! Martin stop again . ethan I will take this ... he complete unlace the pack and take it -- treat it as though it contain something of value . Martin watch with a touch of resentment : ethan do not trust he . ethan turn and see the look . he do not care what Martin think , nor do he explain . Martin lead the horse off . martha Supper will be ready by the time you wash up ... let I take you coat for you , ethan . he hesitates , then grudgingly surrender it -- conscious of its sorry condition . martha ( smile faintly ) and ... welcome home . he just nod , then turn to follow Aaron around the side of the house toward the wash -up . ext . the edward house - close shot - martha she stand alone , look after ethan -- he coat in she arm . she hold it against she breast for just a moment and she eye be tender . dissolve to : int . edward house - full shot - night the family be finish dinner -- and the scene be not quite , but almost , a still - life . loud in the room be the pendulum tick of a Seth - Thomas clock on the mantel above the fireplace -- in which log be burn briskly . Ben crouch near the fireplace , fascinatedly examine the scabbard and sabre ethan have bring home from the war . he try to ease the blade just a bit out of its scabbard . Aaron sit at one end of the hand - hewn table , martha at the other . at she right be ethan , he fork scraping the last crumb off he plate . Lucy sit at she father 's right and Martin at he leave . next to Martin be Debbie . in the center of the table be the sorry remnant of what be once a meal . Lucy and Martin have finish eat . Aaron be sip he coffee , and martha -- she own plate largely untast -- be watch ethan . ethan have shave , change he shirt . he straighten contentedly and every eye be on he , expectantly . ethan good . the clock rattles alarmingly -- the usual preliminary to its strike ; and then it bang out the stroke like a fire - alarm go . eight fast clang . aaron Ben ! deborah ! bed ! debbie but I have get to help with the dish . martha not tonight ... Ben , put that sword back . BEN it 's not a sword , mar ... it 's a saber ! ( move to ethan ) do you kill many dam yankee with this sabre , uncle ethan ? ethan ( matter -of -factly ) some ... BEN how many dam yankee , uncle ethan ? martha Ben !... Martin , he will sleep in the bunkhouse with you tonight . Martin nod and cross to kiss martha good night . martin good night , aunt martha ... uncle Aaron ... ( he hesitates ) good night , uncle ethan . ethan do not like be call uncle -- as we must know from the quick look he shoot at Martin . but he acknowledge it . ethan night . Ben reluctantly put the scabbard away , turn to ethan . BEN will you tell I tomorrow about the war ? aaron the war end three year ago , boy ! BEN it do ?... then why not you come home before now ? martha BEN !... go 'long with Martin . MARCH ! as Ben reluctantly head out with Martin , deborah cross to ethan 's side and study he gravely . debbie Lucy 's wear the gold locket you give she when she be a little girl ... ethan oh ? debbie she do not wear it much account of it make she neck green . lucy ( aghast ) deborah ! debbie ( defensively ) well , it do ... but I would not care if you give I a gold locket if it make my neck green or not . ethan look at she gravely . ethan ' fraid I ... ( then he remember something , rise ) wait . he cross to where he pack be -- a side table or something -- and burrow into it . Debbie be at he side . ethan how about this ? it be a gold medal or medallion -- something appropriate to maximilian of Mexico -- suspend by a long multi-color satin ribbon . debbie oh ! look ! my gold locket ! she hold it high for mother -- and all -- to see . martha take it and react at its weight . martha it 's solid gold ... ethan , I do not think she 's old enough ... ethan let she keep it ... just something I pick up in Mexico . martha reluctantly surrender it to Debbie 's eager hand . Aaron have not miss the word " Mexico " and look sharply at ethan . debbie oh , thank you , uncle ethan ... lucy ( to Debbie ) come along ... the two girl leave the main room . martha and Aaron both look at ethan -- half expect some further explanation . he turn from they and look into the fire . martha begin to clear the table . Aaron get up , take a pipe and a spill -- light it at the fire . ethan pass the Todd place comin ' in ... what happen to them ? aaron they give up ... go back to the cotton row ... so would the jamison ... without martha , I do not know ... she would not let a man quit . ethan turn and look at she -- still busy with she dish . aaron ( change of tone ) ethan , I could see it in you before the war ... ( ethan look at he ) you want to clear out ! martha freeze in what she 's do -- listen . aaron and you stay out beyond all need to ... why ? ethan can not answer , but he take it as a challenge and almost welcome it . ethan ( hard ) you askin ' I to clear out now ? aaron ( straighten -- with grave dignity ) you be my brother ... you be welcome to stay as long as you get a mind to ... ai not that so , martha ? martha ( almost a whisper ) of course he be . ethan I expect to pay my own way ... martha resume she activity . ethan cross to he pack , reach into it for a leather pouch , bring it back and toss it onto the table . it land with a resonant clink . both martha and Aaron draw close to the table . ( note to winton hoch : this scene should be dramatically back - light . ) ethan there 's sixty double eagle in there ... twelve-hundred dollar . he open a waistline shirt button and haul out a leather money belt and drop that on the table . ethan a ' twice that in here . he reach into the belt and take out a few mint - fresh gold piece which he slide across the table . ethan ... only this get the late Emperor maximilian 's picture on them . martha pick up one of the gold piece , stare at the face on the coin : the same as that on the medal -- stare sharply then at ethan . Aaron be examine another coin with a different interest . aaron mint fresh ... not a mark on them . he glance questioningly at ethan . ethan so ? Aaron shrug and cross to a barrel chair . he raise the seat and lift out a pair of old boot , some rag of clothing and then raise a false - bottom lid and drop pouch and money belt into it . carefully he replace everything . during this ethan 's attention have go to martha 's hand , to one cut finger , its wound barely heal . he take the hand -- gently . ethan cut yourself ? she nod and withdraw the hand . ethan ( softly ) you be always hurt about you hand . she look quickly at he and self - consciously try to hide she hand , conscious of they work - wear appearance . then for a moment they eye meet and hold -- and a world of sadness and hopelessness be in the look . Aaron close the seat of the barrel chair . aaron time for bed ... he pick up one of the lamp and start away toward they bedroom door . martha look at ethan again . his expression be bitter . aaron night , ethan ... come ' long , martha . she turn obediently and follow Aaron . ethan look after they and wait as Aaron open the bedroom door . martha go into it and Aaron follow and close the door . ethan cross to the lamp on the mantel , blow it out . only the firelight strike he face as he stare broodingly at the close bedroom door . dissolve to : omitted ext . yard of the edward ' house - faint dawn light Debbie 's dog be bark excitedly as six horseman slowly ride toward the house and dismount . a lamp go on inside . the six horsemen be : captain , the reverend SAM clayton , a big man with frosty blue eye , gray hair , a bristly full mustache and the air of grave and resolute authority . he be a minister of the Gospel with a .44 on he hip . lar jorgensen , the Edwards ' neighbor , be a harry little man , scandinavian . as we shall find out soon , he have a brisk and buxom wife and a rather astonish brood of child . brad jorgensen be one of this : sandy - haire , brash , amiable , impulsive . he be in he early twenty . charlie maccorry , slightly older than Brad , be sergeant of company a of the ranger . ( he be also company A. ) Charlie be a taciturn , gently - speak , competent man , clearly pattern by he association with Captain , the Rev. Sam . mose harper be a old scout -- a walk bone -rack , yet capable of tireless feat of endurance . some think he " tetched " yet he have manage to endure to he age during a time and in a region where few man live to see they grandchild . he wear a rag dark overcoat in all weather , a narrow - brimm hat with a feather in its band . ed nesby be a rancher and homesteader in he mid-thirty ; resolute , honest , self - efface ; nothing picturesque or dramatic about he ; just a solid citizen and a realist . 16 - a int . edward ' home - close shot - martha she be at the window of she bedroom , wrapper clutch with one hand , lamp upraise in the other as she stare into the dawn to see who this caller be . we hear the heavy foot - fall of the approach man , then a loud knock thrice repeat -- a ominous sound . omitted 17 - a int . the edward ' - angle at door sam' voice Aaron ! open up !... Sam Clayton ! the door be open by Aaron -- hold a lamp and a gun . he be only partly dress -- pants , boot , undershirt . the bar of light slashes across the face of Sam and some of the man behind he . aaron reverend ... come in ! int . the edward ' house - full shot clayton sorry to get you out of bed so early ... ( as martha enter , tightening she wrapper ) mornin ' , sister Edwards . martha what be it , reverend ? clayton lar jorgensen claim someone bust into he corral last night and run off he best cow ... aaron you mean that pure bred he just buy ? jorgensen enter -- a angry little man -- closely follow by mose harper , who be grin foolishly . jorgensen next time I raise pig , by golly ! you never hear of anyone run off pig , I bet you . mose injun have them ... caddo or kiowas ... kiowas or caddo . clayton ( irritably ) caddo ! mose spot martha and at once whip off he hat and make she a exaggerated cavalier 's bow . mose respect to a charmin ' lady , mar 'am . ... respect , respects ... Ed nesby enter . nesby mornin ' ... martha coffee 's make if you ... clayton coffee would be fine , sister ... she head for the stove . mose ( a old man 's whimper ) my bone be cold ... his eye brighten as he look toward the fire and spot a rock chair . he shuffles toward it , plant himself and begin rock and half - croon to himself . jorgensen or bumble bee , by golly ... I show they dirty rustler ! mose ( croon ) lookit I , old mose harper , rockin ' in a rockin ' chair ... I be a-goin ' to set and rock , and rock , and rock , and rock ... the front door open to admit Martin , fully dress and armed , with Charlie maccorry . clayton over here , Martin ... Aaron ... Martin range himself next to Aaron and both face Clayton . clayton raise you right hand . martha set out cup on the table , begin pour the coffee . during the swear - in , ethan will enter the room from the inner door -- unnotice by the other man , but not by martha . and as the scene play , the audience must always be conscious of the by-play of glance between martha and ethan as they face the prospect of be leave in this house together . clayton you be hereby volunteer private in company a of the Texas ranger and will faithfully discharge the duty of same without recompense or monetary compensation -- meaning no pay !... amen and get you shirt on , will you , Aaron . aaron ( stubbornly ) ai not goin ' volunteerin ' after rustler without my morning coffee , reverend ... drink you own ! clayton ( sternly -- as he reach for he cup ) from now on , call I ' Captain ' ! but ethan advance and calmly appropriate the cup Clayton be reach for ... ethan ( mockingly ) Captain the reverend Samuel Johnson Clayton !... mighty impressive . Clayton mark he surprise . clayton ( dourly ) well ... the prodigal brother ... when would you get back ? ethan sip he coffee and do not answer . clayton have not see you since the surrender . ( a pause ) come to think of it , I do not see you at the surrender . ethan I do not believe in surrenderin' ... I still get my sabre , reverend ... never turn it into any ploughshare neither ! jorgensen be no time for kaffee - klatch while a man 's beef be be run off . mose injun , ethan ... ( tap he nose ) caddo or kiowas ... mose harper , drinkin ' coffee in a rockin ' chair . ... ay -eh ! martha have leave the room briefly to fetch Aaron 's shirt and vest and stand behind he . Aaron drain he cup . aaron ethan , countin ' on you to look after thing while I be go . ethan -- cup to he lip -- look over its rim at martha as Aaron start to put on he shirt . they eye meet briefly , then she look away . ethan sloshes the dregs of he cup into the fire -- some of it spattering mose . ethan you be not goin ' ... clayton he sure be goin ' ... he 's swear in . ethan ( angrily ) well , swear he out again !... I will go with you . martha stand submissively , with she head bent , eye avert as ethan cross the room to get he coat , gun , etc . Aaron follow he . aaron now , ethan , I be not sure ... ethan do not argue !... and stay close ... maybe they be rustler ... and maybe this dodderin ' old idiot be not so far wrong ... mose thankin ' ye , ethan ... thankin ' ye . kind word ... clayton ( grudgingly ) all right ... I will swear you in ... ethan you can forget that ... ( as Sam stare ) would not be legal anyway . clayton why ? ( a pause -- then shrewdly ) you want for a crime , ethan ? martha wait -- intent . ethan you askin ' as a reverend or a Captain , Sam ? clayton I be askin ' as a Ranger of the sovereign state of Texas . ethan get a warrant ? clayton you fit a lot of description . ethan ( levelly ) I figger a man 's only good for one oath at a time ... I take mine to the confederate States of America ... ( he pause -- then ) so do you , reverend ... he look past he then -- at martha and then at Aaron . ethan stick close , Aaron ... he look at martha again ... and then stride out . ext . the edward ' house -- dawn light as ethan emerge he be bring to a momentary halt by sight of a couple -- Brad and Lucy -- in each other 's arm , stand near the saddle horse of the posse . Clayton and jorgensen follow he out , spot the couple , who now belatedly be conscious of they audience . jorgensen Brad !... be no time for lolly - gag ... in confusion , Lucy run back around the side of the house as Brad -- unrepentant -- grin at he irascible old man and head for he wait horse . Clayton chuckle and turn toward martha , who have follow they out . clayton look like I will be read the line over that pair before long , sister Edwards . jorgensen be no time for talk wedding ... better say prayer for that dirty thief , by golly ... run off a man 's beef ... mose , last to emerge , bow elaborately to martha . mose grateful to the hospitality of yore rockin ' chair , mar 'am ... the man be mount . mose nimbly vault onto the back of he horse -- which he ride bareback , with only a blanket pad . and omitted ext . the edward ' house -- dawn light as ethan and Martin ride to join the group . clayton let 's get on with it ... debbie wait ! she come fly out of the house in she long flannel nightie and run to Martin . debbie Martin ! ride I as far as the well ! martin grab hold !... he swing she up in front of he saddle . they start away . ethan be last to ride out . he be watch martha . he bring a glove hand up in a salute . she start to raise she hand but only bring it just above she waist , a flutter gesture with tremulous finger . it be the last he will ever see of she alive . ext . yard of the edward ' house - full shot as the posse slowly ride out , with ethan last . Martin rein in to let Debbie slip to the ground . ethan pass she . Debbie stand watch the man ride away , wave at they . aaron's voice ( call ) deborah ! she turn and come run back -- camera panning -- to the little group on the porch ; Ben in the door ; Lucy crossing the porch ; Aaron and martha at the step . slow dissolve to : ext . OPEN country - full shot - posse - late afternoon ethan and mose be advance at a steady walk , both man lean slightly out of they saddle to study the terrain -- the trail they be follow . out to one side -- fifty yard distant -- be the main body of the posse : Sam , jorgensen , Charlie , Ed , move roughly parallel to ethan but at a faster clip . Martin come riding in toward ethan from behind camera . martin ( call ) uncle ethan ! ethan rein in -- compress he lip at the " uncle . " mose wait . martin somethin ' mighty fishy about this trail , uncle ethan ... ethan stop callin ' I ' uncle ' ... I be not you uncle . martin yes , sir . ethan do not have to call I ' sir ' neither ... nor grampaw neither ... nor methuselah neither ... I can whup you to a frazzle . mose let out a snicker laugh . martin what you want I to call you ? ethan name 's ethan ... now what 's so mighty fishy about this trail ? martin well , fust off ... he break and all turn at a distant hail from jorgensen . jorgensen look ! look ! omitted ext . OPEN country - long shot - rise of ground - brad he be hold he rifle with both hand straight over he head -- and he repeat the signal until he see they have see he . jorgensen' voice ( excitedly ) Brad ! he 's find they ... come on ! ext . OPEN country - full shot - the posse with brad in the distance as jorgensen dig spur and lead the way . the other rider follow . mo . shot - brad - rising ground - late afternoon he wait grimly until he see they come , then wheel he mount and take off over the hill . full shot - the posse as it come up the rise and the man rein in on the crest . jorgensen stare and he face mirror shock and dismay . the other man look down into the long valley on the far side with equally grim expression . ethan call that young fool back ! jorgensen do not even seem to hear he . angrily ethan whip out revolver and fire into the air . then he swing he arm in a come - back gesture . he ride out ahead then a short distance and dismount ... and slowly the other follow . we see now , the body of a few bull stiffening in the sun . ethan go to the nearest one . a feathered lance be drive into it . he pull the lance out . mose come over beside he . ethan ( angrily ) caddo or kiowa , huh ?... ai not but one tribe use a lance like that ! he hand the lance to mose . mose ( almost a whisper ) ay-he ... comanch ! Brad ride in -- shrill with anger . brad kill every one -- a ' not for food either ... why would they do a thing like that ? ethan stealing the cattle be just to pull we out ... this here 's a murder raid ... ( face jorgensen ) it shape up to scald out either you place ... or my brother 's . jorgensen wilt and cast a anguish look back over the mile they have ride . jorgensen mama !... oh please ... please no ... brad ! and with that one word , jorgensen call upon he son to follow and they take off ... fast . Ed nesby and Charlie maccorry follow . Sam Clayton pause . clayton jorgensen 's place be close ... if they be not there , we will come straight on ! then he too ride . Martin swing he horse back to where ethan and mose still be stand . martin well , come on ! ethan easy ! ( he start toward he horse ) it 's forty mile , sonny ... horse can do with some grain and a little rest . mose comanch generally hit at moonrise . martin moonrise !... it will be midnight before ... I be not waitin' ...! he wheel he horse and go tear to catch up with the other . ethan shrug and stoically take grain bag to feed he horse . mose do the same . mose wisht it be caddo ... or kiowas ... ( shake he head ) comanche ... ethan just give he a angry look and then ruthlessly begin discard every bit of unnecessary equipment from he saddle . wipe to : ext . the edward ranch - wide angle - sundown nothing move . nothing could be more tranquil . the shadow be long . a thin wisp of smoke rise from the chimney . and then Debbie 's little dog trot around the side of the house out into the yard . ext . edward yard - close shot - the dog - sundown he come to a standstill and he nose be work . he begin to make excited little sound deep in he belly . then he lie down , muzzle between he paw , watch , listen . int . the edward house - full shot - angling toward the door Debbie sit on the floor , play with a little rag doll . the slant blaze of the set sun make a brilliant area of light in which she be sit . Beyond she , on the porch step , Ben be squatting , whittling a piece of pine into a slingshot frame . we hear martha and Lucy busy with the dish . Aaron come from behind camera and stand in the doorway , absently rapping out he pipe . near the doorway , on a wooden peg , hang he gun , belt . he put the pipe in he pocket and glance down at deborah , intent on she play . he look swiftly at where the woman be busy - then stealthily ease the gun from its holster and slide it under he shirt . he have not make a sound and be sure he 's get away with it . he clear he throat noisily and reach for a light shotgun peg above the door . aaron think I will see if I can pick off a sage - hen or two , martha ... int . the edward house - mo . close shot - martha and lucy busy at the wooden sink . martha do not turn . martha you do that , Aaron ... aaron ( still pleased with himself ) wo not go far ... he step out . only then do martha turn -- and she eye go at once to : int . the edward house - angling to door and framing the empty holster , as Aaron pause on the porch . lucy voice my , the day be get short ! int . edward house - close shot - martha and lucy as Lucy head for the lamp . martha ( sharply ) Lucy !... we do not need the lamp yet ... Lucy frown at she mother . martha ( easily ) let 's enjoy the dusk a while . ext . the edward house - mo . close shot - aaron and BEN - on porch Aaron be slowly scan the terrain . aaron ( to Ben ) mind you sweep up they shavin' . BEN yes , pa ... ( undertone -- man to man ) a ' if you see any sage -hen , I be ready . Aaron stare as the boy shift a fold of blanket , or whatever , by he side -- to disclose ethan 's cavalry sabre . Aaron smile and rub the youngster 's head , then set out across the yard . ext . the edward yard - full shot - moving Debbie 's dog rise at Aaron 's approach and join he master as they set out across the plain . ext . OPEN country near edward home - mo . close shot - aaron he be walk through the scrub and brush grass , every sense alive and strain . he pause every three or four stride -- casting each quadrant in turn . once he whip , gun ready , as a sage -hen or quail whirr up not far from he . he smile grimly as he watch it fly away . he keep on . ext . the edward house - mo . close shot - at porch martha come to stand in the doorway . Ben do not look at she . his eye -- like hers -- be fix on the figure of the man . BEN ( quietly ) it 's all right , mar ... I be watchin ' ... only I wish ... martha ( quietly ) what , Ben ? BEN I wish uncle ethan be here . do not you , mar ? she do not answer . Lucy come to the door . lucy mother , I can not see what I be do !... martha not yet , lucy !... ext . rising ground - wide angle - past aaron he stand on the near slope of a rise and then gradually move toward its summit , so that only head will be silhouett . he drop to one knee , half - lean against the slope and slowly look out ... the camera pan very slowly , follow he careful sweep of the terrain . the scene be entirely peaceful . ext . rising ground - close shot - aaron with narrow eye slowly scan the ground . suddenly the head whip right . we hear a bird 's sharp call . ext . OPEN country - skyward shot - a SMALL bird it be take flight , sweeping away in erratic arc . ext . rising ground - close shot on aaron he squint closely at the ground from which the bird have fly . then slowly he eye range toward the leave . ext . rising ground - wide angle - past aaron across the meadow , a shadow seem to touch the grass and at once a covey of quail take off , whirring loud . Aaron wait no longer , but slide down the slope and start run at a crouch for the house , stop every so often to look backward . ext . the edward house - mo . close shot - martha and BEN - sunset note to W. hoch : what j.f. have in mind for this and the follow scene be the same kind of dramatic use of red you achieve in " yellow ribbon " in the scene tell of custer 's defeat . they be stand in the ruddy glare of the sunset and Ben have ethan 's sabre in he hand . we hear Aaron come at a run , breathe hard . Ben take a step as though to go to he , but martha 's hand at once be on he shoulder . Aaron gain the porch . aaron in the house , boy ... and ... he put finger to he lip , sign for Ben to say nothing . Ben nod and go inside . Aaron and martha face each other , the question large on she face . slowly he nod the confirmation of she fear , then gently propel she ahead of he through the door . int . the edward house - full shot - sunset the room be deeply shadow except where the dull crimson of the sun through door and window slashes the blackness . Ben be wait and martha turn toward Aaron as he pull the door shut , bar it and set the shotgun down . he take the revolver from he waist and martha hold it as he reach for he gun belt . aaron Ben , close the shutter . buckle on he gun belt , he move toward the middle of the room , look around he , take inventory of he resource . Lucy slowly approach , bite a knuckle , eye wide with fright . lucy pa ? one shutter close and the bar of light they be stand in go out . martha , Aaron and Lucy be dark silhouettes now against the red beam from another window . martha ( sudden fear ) where 's deborah ?... ( call it ) deborah ! Debbie emerge from a shadow corner into a beam of light . she be clutching she rag doll , nibble a cookie . she hold it for they to see . debbie I only take one , mar ... topsy be hungry . Ben close the shutter . and now the room be almost completely black out , except for the die light filter through the rifle port of the close shutter . wipe to : ext . OPEN country - wide angle shot - the posse - dusk this should be a expansive view to convey the fact that the posse have split -- the main group head for the jorgensen place , Martin forking off to race alone for the Edwards ranch . come toward and pass camera be Martin , riding all out . several hundred yard away and move in a divergent direction be the other -- Brad and Charlie , Sam , jorgensen and Ed nesby . the man be not compactly bunched , but strung out , each take he own best course and he own speed ... as the rider pass and the dust of they pass , we see two other rider -- ethan and mose -- minute speck in the distance , possibly a mile or two behind . ext . OPEN country - moving shot - ethan and mose - dusk ( note to W. hoch : what we be try to get here be that moment of swift transition from twilight to night ; of rider briefly touch with the last color of day and then , as they pass , become one with blue shadow of night . ) ethan and mose be hold they mount to a jog , in mark contrast to the all - out pace of the other . the camera pan after they as the dark finger of the night stretch across the valley . the wind begin to rise and somewhere off in the hill a coyote pack yap . dissolve to : int . edward - angling past aaron at window into room - night Aaron be little more than a shadowy silhouette as he peer into the night through a partly - open shutter . suddenly the room leap alight as Lucy open a inner door and enter , hold a light lamp . Aaron close the shutter , spin on she angrily . aaron lucy ! martha cross the room swiftly and blow out the lamp . in the brief moment the room have be light , we see that Lucy be carry a dark shawl in one hand ; that Ben be crouch at another window -- rifle ready ; and that deborah be on she foot -- stand like a child who be be dress . lucy I be sorry ... I could not find the shawl ... aaron hurry , martha ... Moon 's fixin ' to rise ... he cautiously swing the shutter open . a pale light filter into the room . we see martha wrapping the shawl around deborah . martha ( softly to the child ) we be go to play the sleep - out game ... remember ?... where you hide out with grandma ? debbie where 's she bury ? martha and you will go along the ditch -- very quietly -- like a ... ( she voice break ) debbie like a little mouse . aaron now ! he reach for the child , but he have to wait for martha 's last embrace . martha there !... and you will not come back or make a sound ... no matter what you hear ? promise !... no matter what ? debbie I promise ... wait ! aaron child , child ! debbie can not I have topsy to keep I company ? aaron there 's no time ... martha here she be , baby ... baby ... Aaron take the child , swing she out the window . aaron down low -- go ! martha would come to the window to look out , but Aaron bar she with a arm and draw back to the side of the window to watch she go ... outside the little dog bark a welcome and presumably start to follow the girl . Aaron react . aaron ( hoarse whisper ) here dog ... here ! the dog whine but obey . Aaron continue watch the child 's course -- unconsciously imitate she every run and twist ... then he smile and we may see the brightness in the corner of he eye . aaron she reach the ditch ... he close the shutter and turn -- and he arm go around martha , weep soundlessly . aaron she will be all right , mother ... she will be all right . ext . a hillock with two headboard - mo . close shot - night nothing stir and we hear nothing . then , with faintest little rustle , Debbie come snake along the ground into the hollow between the two grave and lie there face down , press against topsy . she become one with the earth and the stillness . and then the moonlight strike the tip of the scrub growth and as a cloud scud by , the moonlight reveal something glitter -- like bead . and the camera from that ground - level shot raise quickly to : close shot - from extreme low angle - scar the comanche we be later to know as scar be paint for war -- tall , savage , mockingly look down at what we know be the child 's hide place ... and in that instant , from a dozen quarter and a dozen throat , sound the wild yammer of the warwhoop ! dissolve to : omitted ext . rising ground - mo . close shot - martin - moonlight he stand beside he spend and fall horse . its breathe be a rasp whistle . Martin try to haul its head up . useless . breathe hard himself , he face ashen in the moonlight , Martin look desperately off in the direction of the ranch . then he jerk the rifle from its saddle scabbard -- struggle with it because it be under the horse . he freeze then -- listen ... and we hear the steady beat of two horseman approach . Martin know who they be and he face be alive with hope . he get the rifle free at last and go run toward the oncoming rider . martin ( shouting ) ethan !... ethan ! the camera swing with he and we see ethan and mose approach at the same steady gait . martin ( wave ) uncle ethan ... it 's I ... Martin ! ethan do not slacken , nearly ride he down . ethan out of my way ! Martin go sprawling to he hand and knee . mose continue without slow . ext . rising ground - another angle - past the rider - moonlight martin ( desperately ) mose ! wait !... he go run , stumbling after the rider -- desperately call to they ... martin ethan !... mose !... and then at the crest of the rise ground , he stop -- we see in the distance the glow of a fire lead from the barn and the hayrick and the house of Aaron Edwards . Martin run down the slope . ext . yard and approach to edward house - wide angle - night ( note to W. hoch : here again that use of red be suggest . ) the angle be past the porch upright toward mose and ethan as they ride in . Little tongue of fire be lick the edge of the upright . a few arrow , imbed in the wood , be burn along they shaft . Beyond be the glow ash of the hayrick and the char , smoulder rail of the corral . there be no body in evidence ... the red glow of the burn be on the face of the man as they dismount . ethan stride to the porch , knock away one of the blaze arrow as he head to the door . he stop there -- and what he see make the big shoulder droop , the huge frame slump . slowly then -- and remove he hat -- he go in . mose shuffles to the edge of the porch and squat there and rock back and forth , he face work and cry soundlessly with senile grief . we hear a splinter door crash from its hinge within the room and ethan 's muffle voice call through the house : ethan ( o.s. ) Lucy ?... deborah ? Lucy ? he stride back through the main room and out onto the porch just as Martin come at a shambling run across the yard . ethan take a few step out toward he . Martin would pass he , but ethan grab he arm . ethan ( harshly ) you stay out ! Martin try to fight he arm free . ethan nothing for you to see . martin leggo ... ethan turn he and drive a brutal right to he jaw . Martin go down -- out cold . and only now do we understand how merciful the blow be as ethan look compassionately at the fall figure . ethan do not let he go in there , mose ... and he take off at a stumbling run for the hilltop . ext . the hillock with the two headboard - full shot - ethan as he near the grave . ethan ( call ) Lucy -- Lucy ! he run in , look around he . he see the little dog , dead on the ground . and then he see a shadow something : the shawl Debbie have wear . it be spread out , almost as though conceal a body . fearfully he stoops and pull it away ... there be nothing there , but the shawl . he drop to he knee , he head bow , he face torture . the moonlight be clear on the face of the nearer headboard . it be of weathered wood and the chisell letter on it read : here lie mary jane edward kill by comanch may 12 , 1852 a good wife &amp ; mother in she 41st year slow dissolve to : ext . the hillock - full shot - slowly panning - dawn light the funeral be begin . in the foreground be three newly - make cross at the head of as many open grave -- which we need not see . with head bare , Sam Clayton be conclude he prayer . near he stand the jorgensen family : Mrs. jorgensen , lar and laurie -- blonde , just beginning to reach she maturity -- and a step - stone of tow-headed child . clayton ... and to you keep we commend the soul of Aaron ... martha ... and Benjamin Edwards ... Mrs. jorgensen and Laurie -- impell by the same feminine sympathy and interest -- turn to look at ethan and Martin . the panning camera pick they up ... ethan stand dry-ey , look at the grave of martha ; Martin -- with bruise lip -- look out across the plain . Clayton now open he small , well - wear Bible to a mark page . clayton man that be bear of woman be of few day and full of trouble ... ethan look at he , angrily , impatiently . clayton he cometh forth like a ... ethan ( harshly ) amen !... put a ' amen ' to it ! clayton ... like a flower and be cut down ... amen ! ethan ET al . amen ! ethan turn on he heel and walk -- camera panning -- to where Ed nesby have be hold the horse . Brad be already mount . mose be there too and Charlie maccorry . silhouett against the dawn light be the rifle in each man 's saddle scabbard . Clayton be right behind ethan . clayton Charlie - - you and Brad ride point ! ... do not get too far ahead ... the young rider spur out . ext . near hillock - mo . close shot - ethan and mrs . jorgensen ethan be about to mount when Mrs. jorgensen come up and catch he arm . mrs . jorgensen ethan ... ( he turn impatiently ) that girl mean as much to I as though they be my own ... maybe you do not know my Brad 's be sittin ' up with Lucy ... and my Laurie 's real fond of Martin ... ethan glance back at where Martin and Laurie be stand . another angle - favoring laurie and martin the girl be look at Martin full of compassion , try to console he by take he arm and squeezing it as he stare blindly at the grave and jorgensen stolidly beginning the work of shovel they full . ext . near hillock - ethan and mrs . jorgensen as before ethan look back at she -- stone -face . ethan ( impatiently ) I would be oblige if you would get to the point , mar 'am . mrs . jorgensen I be ... I be ... it 's just that I know martha would want you to think of she boy as well as she girl ... and if the girl be ... dead ... ethan , do not let the boy waste they life in vengeance ! ethan shrug he arm free and mount . mrs . jorgensen promise I , ethan ! he ignore she and turn angrily to where Martin be . ethan ( harshly ) come on , if you be comin ' ... he dig spur and ride out with the other . Martin come over , with Laurie a step behind . his face be set , he eye almost unsee . mrs . jorgensen ( a heartbroken murmur ) oh , Martin ... Martin ... martin we will find they , Mrs. jorgensen ... we will find they ... he swing into he saddle . Laurie impulsively run to he side , step onto the toe of he stirrupe boot and pull herself up to he level to kiss he hard and full upon the mouth . he look at she dully , as though hardly conscious of it . and she be back beside she mother . Martin ride away after the other . mrs . jorgensen ( slowly ) I almost hope they do not find they ! Laurie look at she mother and understand . CUT to : 61 - a ext . OPEN country - the searcher - early morning light the search theme begin as we see the rider in turn . a series of portrait of the man . close shot - brad and charlie - riding point , they come to a pause , surveying the terrain ahead . Charlie , with a arm signal , indicate he will take the leave . Brad nod and he ride out to the right . the MAIN body of the men , Clayton pass first , expression resolute , competent ... then Ed nesby and old mose , squinting at the ground as they ride , all but sniff like a old hound dog . 63a martin - next to last in file . finally : 63b ethan - his face a study of relentless purpose . wipe to : omitted . ext . OPEN country - full shot - brad and charlie - afternoon the two man be at a cairn of rock -- they horse nearby . in the near distance , Clayton be lead the man of the search party at a fast clip toward the cairn . Charlie be stand , Brad tear the rock cairn apart . in Charlie 's hand be a comanche head - dress of polished buffalo horn and feather . Brad do not even look up as the man ride in and dismount , but continue he grim work of uncover the bury indian . clayton another one , eh ? charlie this 'un come a long way ' fore he die . clayton well , that 's seven we can score up to you brother , ethan . nesby I do not like it . clayton what do not you like ? nesby injun 's on a raid generly hide they dead so you will not know how many they have lose ... if they do not care about we knowin' , it only spell one thing ... they be not afraid of we followin ' -- or of we catchin ' up with them either . ethan you can back out any time , nesby . nesby do not say that ... ( angrily indicate Brad ) what 's he doin ' that for ... charlie he want to be sure ... Brad shift another rock and look grimly upon the face ( o.s. ) of the dead comanche . then he spit at it and stand . brad ( grim ) let 's get along ... ethan ( to Brad ) why do not you finish the job ? with that he stride to the cairn , whipping a knife out . he crouch over the body ( o.s. ) conceal what he be do , he bend to he bloody task . Sam Clayton cross to stand behind he . clayton ( gravely ) what good do that do ? ethan by what you preach ... none ! he stand now and he face Sam . ethan but by what the comanche believe -- now he can not enter the spirit land , but have get to wander forever between the wind ... because I take he mangy scalp ! he fling the scalp down and grind it into the dirt with he heel ... he wipe clean the blade of he knife as he cross back to he horse . the man mount ( that who have dismounted ) and they ride off . dissolve to : omitted ext . night camp - ravine - close shot - brad and martin Brad be look out into the night -- strain and tension in every line . Beyond they we may see some of the other man -- sit or sprawle on the ground near a shelter fire . brad ( a whisper ) if only she 's alive ... I will make it up to she ... no matter what 's happen ... I will make she forget ... she 's just get to be alive ... ethan cross behind they carry he blanket roll . he look at they sourly . ethan get some rest ! they move off , head for they blanket . the camera hold on ethan as he roll up he blanket and turn on he side . he fish a miniature out of he pocket and gravely study it by the light of the flicker little fire . 70 - a close shot - the miniature - night it be a picture of martha . the camera pull back to show ethan study it gravely , then put it away and lie back to stare broodingly into the night . dissolve to : ext . ridge top - close shot - ethan , brad , mose , SAM - sunset the four face be just over the ridge , peer at something far distant , far below . mose could be a buffler ... brad it 's horse , I tell ya ... ethan it 's they all right ... he start to squirm down the ridge , the other follow . ext . high country - full shot - the searcher - sunset ethan 's group cross to where the other man be wait with the horse . ethan they be campe by the river -- ' bout twenty mile from here . soon 's it get dark we will circle out so 's to jump them before daybreak . clayton ( slowly ) you be right sure you want to jump them , ethan ? Martin and Brad stare at Sam -- not understanding the question . but mose know what he mean and studiously look into space . ethan ( touch of defiance ) it 's what we be here for , be not it ? clayton I think we be try to get the girl back -- alive ... we jump that comanch , they will kill them ... you know that ! brad ( bewilder , angry ) but ... but what be we doin ' then ?... what be we suppose to do ? clayton what I have in mind be runnin ' off they hoss herd ... a comanche on foot be more apt to be willin ' to listen ... nesby that make sense to I . martin yeah ... ethan ( angrily ) what do you know about it ?... what 's a quarter - breed Cherokee know about the comanche trick of sleep with he best pony tie right beside he ... you get as much chance of stampedin ' they herd as ... clayton ... as you have of findin ' that girl alive by ridin ' into them ... I say we do it my way , ethan ... and that 's a order ! ethan yes , sir ... but if you be wrong , Captain Clayton , do not ever give I another ! they look into each other 's eye a moment , then Sam turn to mount ... and the other follow . slowly then they start riding down the slope . dissolve to : ext . flat ground , like marsh country - full shot - the searcher - dawn mist effect ( note : it be now plan to shoot this on sound stage . ) fog and heavy morning mist rise from the swamp . some cattail in the near ground . the effect be eerie , very still except for the trill of frog . then , very quietly , the man emerge from the mist swirl around they . they be lead they horse . Sam look baffle , angry . they stand still , listen -- then slowly continue . ext . flat ground - another angle - full shot - dawn mist ( SOUND stage ) the mist be thinning . in the f.g. be a small blacken area -- the ash of a campfire . the man come through the mist -- wary , vigilant . it be mose who first spot the fire . he run to it and drop beside and feel the ash . the other come up around he . mose ay-he ... they be here ... ethan ( to Sam ) sure !... they be here ... now they be out there ... a ' waitin ' to jump we !... he look at Clayton . ethan you get any more order , Captain ? clayton ( quietly ) just keep goin ' ... they move on , slowly . 74 - a ext . flat ground - full shot - moving ( SOUND stage ) the mist be thinning as the man warily move along . suddenly there be the faint hoot of a owl from behind and to one side ... the man turn slightly , hearing it ... a moment later another owl hoot , from the same side but up ahead . from the interchange of look , we must know that the rider be aware of its significance . mose cup hand to he mouth and he hoot in exact imitation of the other call . Clayton glare at he . mose ( in soft apology ) jus ' bein ' sociable , cap and ... ethan grin wryly . and now the first , faint , ruddy touch of the sun hit the slowly move horseman and begin to burn through the mist . 74 - B ext . near river - panning shot - morning the camera slowly pan from a sun-touched butte or crag to the file of man slowly walk they horse . a occasional shred of mist drift by . everything about the little cavalcade bespeak tension , watchfulness . suddenly -- and every man see it at the same time -- we see a file of eight comanch ride slowly out of a canyon at a distance , walk they horse at the same pace and on a course roughly parallel with , but slightly converge on , we group . clayton ( softly ) keep goin ' ... Brad , who have be look up ahead , sound a new warning . brad ( tensely ) look ! clayton easy ! 74 - C ext . canyon country - long shot - past the searcher another indian file of eight angle out of a different canyon and begin to cut in toward the group -- riding slowly , very quietly . Clayton slightly alter course , veer slightly away from the converge file , but still riding slowly . and then , from ahead but at a 100 yard , another comanche group seem to rise out of the ground and slowly begin close the gap . ethan ( to Clayton ) if you be tryin ' to surround them , you sure succeed . clayton how far 's the river from here , mose ? mose I be baptize , reverend ... yes suh , be baptize , thank ye ... clayton well , you better brace yourself for another one ... ya -hee ! and with that yell , he drive spur and cut sharply at a angle to the converge indian file -- and every man be with he . in the next instant , the comanch whoop and give chase . 74 - D ext . OPEN country - full shot - the chase with the Ranger group short - cut in such a way as to outstrip the comanche horseman in a mad dash for the river . 74 - E ext . the river be edge - full shot - the group Clayton fling he hand up in a signal to halt as the ranger reach the bank . they rein in , wheel they horse and be reach for the rifle as the comanche vanguard race into view -- to find themselves oppose by seven veteran , sit they horse , rifle at they shoulder . the charge break as the seven rifle bark , almost in unison -- and the Indians wheel to shelter . clayton ya-hee ! and once again he spin he mount and take off , across the river , follow by the other . 74 - F ext . the river - full shot as the man pound across . 74 - G ext . far bank of river - full shot - the group they dismount and Charlie and nesby take the horse and run they to some place of protection as the man group around Clayton and ethan . during this : clayton ( shouting he order ) this be as good as any ... Charlie , you and Ed take the horse ... mose run over and crouch beside ethan . Beyond ethan be Martin , then Brad ... nesby and Charlie will rejoin the group after a appropriate interval ... with all the man shield behind river boulder , etc . ext . river be edge - angling past ethan and mose with martin and brad beyond ethan and mose be hunkere down behind some rock , very casual and business - like as they check rifle , set out and carefully wipe cartridge . mose ( chattily ) mind I o' the time Joe power a ' I fit we some kiowas ... Martin be in the throes of buck - fever , wiping mouth with back of he hand , peer anxiously across the river . martin you think they mean to charge we , uncle ethan ...? mose ... we find we a ole buffler wallow ... brad ( stare across river ) criminy ! ext . river be edge - long shot - past the group on the opposite bank , we see the full force of comanch riding into sight -- racing they mount to the edge , then wheeling off -- jeer , taunting . Brad start to bring up he rifle . ethan steady , Daniel boone ! you do not want to miss ... it make they think they medicine 's stronger than yours ... mose ay-he ... that 's jest what I tole Joe power ... that un 's gettin ' kinda sassy , be not he , ethan ? one comanche ride a few yard into the water , brandish he rifle , taunting the white man . a moment later he be join by a second brave . ethan ( grimly ) Real sassy . he and mose slowly bring they rifle to bear -- and then the two shot crack out almost simultaneously . and within split second both comanch fall . the other race away . Sam come charge over to ethan and mose . clayton ( angrily ) I do not give any order to fire ! ethan that 's all right , Captain ... I do not need any formal invitation to kill a comanch ... clayton ( grimly ) you get one now ! and he drop behind a rock as , with a wild whooping , the comanche force swing from they place of hide and hit the river . the man open fire , all but Martin , who have freeze , stare wild - eye at the oncoming comanch . ext . river be edge - profile shot - the defender Brad , Charlie , Clayton , nesby be snap shot after shot . only Martin seem out of it . ethan shoot he a glance . ethan slack you shoulder ... slack them ... you hand will take care of themselves ... some of the tension leave Martin . somehow he gun be in position and he be fire as fast and well as the other . 77 - a ext . the river - full shot - indian charge the comanch be come in , crouch low over they pony ' neck , whooping and fire . Men and horse go down , count off by the expert marksmanship of the texans . but they keep come . 77 - B ext . river be edge - profile shot - past martin , ethan , mose they drop they rifle now and pull out revolver for close - range work . one comanche break through from the side , he buffalo lance ready for the thrust . ethan whirl and fire . the comanche horse charge through the defense line and out and there be a muffle scream of pain from Ed nesby . 77 - C ext . the river - wide angle - the indian the charge break and comanch wheel leave and right , racing back across the river . with magnificent horsemanship , one brave ride to a unhorse warrior crouch in the shallow and swing he up behind . two other , riding together , head for one of the two dead comanch ethan and mose have down on they first shot . swing simultaneously from they saddle , they grab the dead man and carry he off . 77 - D ext . the river be edge - angling past mose and ethan mose ( cackle ) there go yer scalp , ethan !... ethan snuggle he rifle to he shoulder as two other racing comanch prepare to pick up the other dead indian . most of the comanch have regain the far bank now and be racing away . the fire from the texans have stop . ethan I still get one out there . omitted ext . river be edge - close shot - behind ethan the angle be along he rifle barrel as it bead on one of the racing comanch try to pick up the dead indian . Clayton 's big hand grasp the rifle barrel . clayton' voice ( quietly ) no , ethan . ext . river be edge - close shot - the two ethan look up into Clayton 's face . clayton let they bury they dead ... ethan pull the gun free and look out across the river . ext . the river - long shot - past they the comanch have do they work , be riding away -- and over the saddle of one lie the limp form of the dead indian . ethan look back at Sam . ethan that tear it , reverend ... from now on , you keep out ... ( mad now -- face the other ) all of you !... I do not want you with I ... I do not need you ... for what I get to do ! charlie ( quietly ) no need to shout , mister . the camera swing to pick up the figure of nesby outstretch on the ground , writhe in pain ; with Charlie kneel beside he . the man cross to stand around the fall man . charlie reckon we get to go back -- Ed 's shoulder be smashed -- bad ! nesby I can make it ... just get I on a horse ... clayton no good , Ed ... and ethan 's right ... this be a job for a company of ranger ... or it 's a job for one or two man ... right now we be too many ... a ' not enough ... brad ( face ethan ) only one way you can stop I lookin ' for Lucy , mister ... a ' that 's kill I ... martin that 's how I feel , uncle ethan ... ( correct the slip ) ethan , sir . ethan glare at they , but have to accept it . ethan all right ... but I be givin ' the order ... you take them or we split up here and now ... martin ( quickly ) why , sure , ethan ... there 's just the one thing we be after ... find deborah and Lucy ... ethan ( grimly -- turn away ) if they be still alive ... he head away , for he horse . Brad and Martin look at each other as the full import of ethan 's footnote strike home . then they head for they own horse . omitted 86 - a ext . the river - full shot ethan , Martin , and Brad mount . Clayton cross to they . clayton you boy get enough shell ? they nod . martin yeah ... clayton vaya con dio . the three re-enter the river and slowly start across , with Clayton gravely look after they . the three rider continue across the river ... and the search theme resume . dissolve to : ext . wide angle - desert country - blazing noon a region of butte and giant rock formation ; treeless , arid and seemingly reach out to infinity . Far off we see a cloud of dust -- mile and mile off . only the dust , nothing else . from behind camera ride the three man -- ethan , Brad , and Martin -- dust -powder , eye bloodshot . the three be watch that distant cloud of dust . they force they weary horse onward . wipe to : ext . desert country - wide angle - late afternoon the angle be past some spectacular butte or citadel of rock into another long reach of valley -- different from the first view of it , yet alike in its suggestion of endlessness . but now there be no cloud of dust far away -- nothing to suggest the passage of anything but time itself . ethan , Martin , and Brad ride into the fringe of the butte 's shadow and scan the terrain ahead . brad ( shrill ) they get to stop sometime ... if they be human at all , they get to stop ! ethan naw ... a human man ride a horse till it die ... then he go on afoot ... a comanche come along ... get that horse up ... and ride it twenty more mile ... then he eat it . ethan turn to catch Martin thirstily drink from he canteen . ethan ( angrily ) easy on that ! martin sorry ... we do not even know if Debbie and Lucy be with this bunch ... maybe they split up ... ethan they be with them -- if they be still alive . Brad wheel on he . brad you have say that enough !... maybe Lucy 's dead ... maybe they be both dead ... but if I hear it from you again , I will fight ya , Mr. Edwards ! ethan ( a aside ) that will be the day !... let 's ride . wipe to : omitted 89 - a ext . valley and canyon wall - wide angle - the rider - late afternoon ( note : this be the gap in the rock near the " Medicine country " at monument . ) the three rider come to where the trail they have be follow fork ... the main horseprint track lead ahead , a lesser track head for a narrow gap between two butte . martin four of them cut out here ... why ? ethan think he know why . his face be bleak . but he try to be casual . ethan I will take a look ... you keep after the other ... he turn he mount toward the gap . martin ( eagerly ) you want we to fire a shot if ... ethan ( disgustedly ) no ... nor build bonfire ... nor beat drum neither . I will meet you on the far side . he 's still grumble as he ride off . a abash Martin ride ahead along the broad trail with Brad . ( note : ethan 's serape , tie behind he saddle , should be clearly see as he ride away -- not point up , but visible . ) wipe to : ext . far side of butte - twilight Martin and Brad , riding in a direction opposite to that in which they have take off -- indicate they circle route -- haul up momentarily as they spot ethan , stand beside he horse , he back to they , some distance along . they turn slightly off they course and ride out toward he . ext . OPEN country - near butte - twilight ethan turn , almost startle , as the two youth ride in . his serape be no longer behind he saddle . ethan look at they blankly for a minute -- as though not really see they . ethan oh ... it 's you . they both stare at he . ethan ( a vague gesture ) I ... uh ... here 's where they meet up again ... they both can see that . ethan ( point ) Trail lead off there ... they look at he and each other -- for this be clearly unnecessary remark and doubly surprising come from ethan . brad why would they break off ? ( no answer ) be there water in that canyon ? ethan huh ...? no ... no water . martin you all right , ethan ? ethan huh ...? ( more like he usual gruff self ) sure I be all right ... he go to he horse , mount . Martin be right beside he and he note the miss serape . martin say !... what happen to you blanket ? lose it ? ethan must have ... anyway , I be not goin ' back to look for it ... he lead out . Brad ride up beside Martin . again the two exchange puzzle look . Martin shrug and the three continue along the broad trace of the indian pony into the set sun . dissolve to : ext . night camp - a pocket in the hill - twilight ethan crouch over a small fire build into a slit trench so that barely the glow of the flame can be see . Beyond he Martin be lead they unsaddle horse away . the man have come to the end of another long day . both man look up as Brad come over a hill slope and ride recklessly down the incline to they camp . his horse be lather . brad ( shouting it ) I see she !... I see Lucy ! Martin run to he side as Brad slide off he mount . ethan move more slowly . brad ( continue ) they be campe ' bout two mile over ... I be just swingin ' back when I see they smoke ... I belly up a ridge a ' they be right below I ... martin do you see Debbie ? brad no , but I see Lucy all right ... she be wearin ' that blue dress ... a ' she be walkin ' along ... ethan ( voice flat ) what you see be not Lucy . brad it be , I tell you ! ethan what you see be a buck wearin' Lucy 's dress ... ( they stare at he ) I find Lucy back there in that canyon ... I wrap she in my blanket a ' bury she with m'ow hand ... I think it best to keep it from you -- long as I could . he can not look at Brad or at Martin . Brad can not speak -- and then finally : brad do they ...? be she ...? ethan wheel on he in shouting fury . ethan ( blaze ) what have I get to do -- draw you a picture ?... spell it out ?... do not ever ask I !... Long as you live do not ever ask I more ! Brad wipe he mouth with the back of he hand . he turn -- walk stiff - legge as though on stilt back to he horse . he bend he head against the saddle , as though to hide he grief . Martin turn away from he and walk back to ethan . and in that moment , Brad mount and take off in the same direction from which he have ride in . martin ( frantically ) brad !... they run for they horse . CUT to : 92 - a ext . rough rolling country - night - moving - close shot - brad he come pound down a slope , and he take off he hat and skim it away . he rip off a neckerchief as though to relieve the rush of raging blood . 92 - B ext . the edge of a rise - mo . close shot - brad - night he reach the crest and rein in . a distant firelight be on he face . he take one moment to look down into the comanche camp o.s . then he have he gun out . his eye be wild , he face wet with sweat . then he throw back he head and he yell -- and with the yell go charge into the camp . 92- C ext . a ridge - full shot - ethan and martin - night they rein in -- stare -- as from afar they hear Brad 's yell echoing and bounce off the canyon wall . there be nothing they can do . they hear he shout , then the quick bark of he .44 , and the angry shout of the comanche . 92 - D ext . comanche camp - extreme closeup - brad - riding - night his face be red with the reflect light of the fire he be pass o.s. and he eye be alight with a crazy , savage joy . his gun crack once , then again -- and the hammer click on a spend shell . 92 - E ext . comanche camp - close shot - scar - night he stand apart , warbow draw and arrow notched . he release it at he run target . we hear its impact and a high gasp of pain ... and then the jubilant , yammer yell of other comanch . 92 - F ext . a ridge - full on martin and ethan as before - night the distant yammer of the comanch do not quite drow out one stifle scream of pain ; we can surmise a scalping knife be busy in the last instance of Brad 's life . Martin slump in he saddle . ethan listen a moment , then turn to Martin . ethan let 's just hope he take some with he ... he turn he horse back the way they have come . Martin stare at he . martin what you goin ' to do ? ethan get some sleep ... tomorrow 's another day ... slowly , he ride away . slowly , reluctantly but helpless to do otherwise , Martin follow . dissolve to : omitted ext . plain country - low angle shot - day a study of horseprint etched in the soil -- the mark of the passage of many horse ; perhaps a eagle or turkey feather fall from a warbonnet . and then we hear and see the approach of two plodd horse , and the dusty boot of the horseman -- ethan and Martin -- follow the trail . the search theme resume and continue over the next three shot , help we suggest the passage of time , the change of scene . ext . plain country - long shot - ethan and martin - day the two figure be little more than speck in a vastness of savage country . wipe to : ext . mountain country - low angle shot - day again we study the hoof of two horse , fight they way up a rocky slope and past a thorn bush on which -- flutter in the mountain wind -- be a tear scrap of scarlet cloth with a bit of beadwork or indian decoration . wipe to : omitted ext . plain country - low angle shot - ethan and martin - afternoon it be a portrait study of two face -- etched by wind and privation and cold into tragic , fanatic mask . Martin have age year in a matter of month . falling snow flake touch they face and begin to rime they stubbly beard . martin ( bitterly ) say it . we be beat ! ethan ( slowly ) no ... we turnin ' back do not change anything ... not in the long run . if she 's alive , she 's safe ... for a while ... they will keep she to raise as one of they own , ' till she 's of a age to ... he turn he mount . martin and you think we get a chance to find she ? ethan a injun will chase a thing till he think he 's chase it enough ... then he quit ... same when he run ... seem he never learn there 's such a thing as a critter that might just keep comin ' on ... so we will find they in the end , I promise you that ... we will find they just as sure as the turn of the earth . fade out omitted fade in ext . the jorgensen house and approach - wide angle - twilight the time be spring . it be a year and a half later . the jorgensen house be larger than the Edwards place -- of sod and log , with a cover breezeway connect the two separate building of the house : one be the keep room , the other the sleep quarter of the numerous jorgensen brood . a meadowlark break into he sudden song . a dog or two come bark around the side of the house as ethan and Martin ride slowly from behind camera toward the house . in that instant a lamp be light within the house and lar jorgensen come to the door . ext . the jorgensen house - full shot - near door - twilight jorgensen peer at the two man as they ride up - recognize they , of course , but ill- prepare for the change in they appearance and full of unspoken question . bear a lamp , Mrs. jorgensen hurry out to stand beside she husband -- and she face work and tear begin to well in she eye . two tow-headed boy -- 13 or 14 -- come after she . jorgensen make a little signal with one hand , not even look at the boy , and they hurry out to take the rein as ethan and Martin dismount . ext . the jorgensen house - mo . shot - ethan and martin the passage of time have stamp Martin -- and will continue during we story more and more to stamp he -- in the image of ethan . now it may show only in the set of he hat or trick of stand ; later it will be in he walk , in he speech ( or paucity of speech ) . neither man be sure of he reception . they be think of Brad -- dead because of they search ; and Martin be think of Laurie . and then Mrs. jorgensen be run across to Martin and have he in she arm as though he be she son -- say nothing , just hold he . he stand freeze a moment and then he return the embrace . ethan watch a moment , then cross to jorgensen . ethan ( to jorgensen ) you get my letter about you son , Brad ? jorgensen yah ... just about this time a year ago ... mrs . jorgensen it come the day before he ... birthday . jorgensen the Lord giveth -- the Lord taketh away ... Mrs. jorgensen start to lead the way inside . Martin hang back . martin I be not fit to go indoors , miz jorgensen ... this clothes be ... Laurie rush past she mother . laurie martie ! she kiss he hard and full on the mouth -- and have no eye for anyone else . Mrs. jorgensen look on with amusement . Martin be just bowl over . mrs . jorgensen ( teasing ) and he probably forgettin ' all about you !... probably can not even call you name to mind . martin ( smile ) Laurie . and Laurie smile triumphantly at she mother . martin ( continue ) but I fairly forget just how pretty you be ... Laurie grab he hand then and pull he indoors -- and there be no further resistance from Martin . Mrs. jorgensen and she husband converge then on ethan -- and she face be gravely question . mrs . jorgensen the little one ?... Debbie ? ethan shake he head . she squeeze he arm reassuringly and they start indoors . dissolve to : int . the spare bedroom of the jorgensen be - mo . shot - martin - night this be a room off the kitchen end of the keep room -- and describe in the book as the " grandmother room " : with narrow , slit-like window , a set of single bunk bed , possibly a fireplace . Martin be in a deep wooden tub , take a hot bath , curry he back with a long-handled brush . Beyond he be the door . it open and Martin turn casually -- and at once stop be casual as Laurie enter and purposefully cross to a stool or bench on which he discard clothing be scattered . martin hey ... what you doin ' ...? she pick up the shirt , put it over one arm ; she reach for he long - handle and rag underwear , run a fist through a hole in its seat , cluck and shred it into rag . during this : martin ( a yelp ) do not go takin ' that stuff ... laurie ai not worth the mendin ' ... she turn and look at he , matter of fact . laurie what you gettin ' red-in- the-face for ?... I have brother , have not I ? martin well I be not one of them ! laurie I be a woman , martie ... ( he try to say something but she go right on ) we wash and mend you dirty clothes all we life ... when you be little we even wash you ... how a man can ever make out to get bashful in front of a woman I will never know ... martin you talk like a feller might just as leave run around nekkid ... laurie would not bother I ... ( she head for the door ) I would not try it in front of pa , though , be I you ... and she be laugh as she close the door behind she . int . the keeping room of the jorgensen house - full shot it be a plaster room , everything bright and shiny ; a big wood - burn cookstove , above it a row of shiny copper pot ; the furniture handmade and probably not too much unlike the good plain swedish modern of today . there should be scandinavian accent in the decor . all tell , a cheerful , warm - smell room . ethan be talk as Laurie enter the room still carry Martin 's shirt , the rag of he underwear . she will wait , listen for a break in what ethan be say , to try to get she mother 's attention . jorgensen be sit in he usual chair -- with he boot off , puffing he pipe more or less in tune with what ethan be talk about . Mrs. jorgensen be in she rocker , darn or knitting . ethan be stand near the mantel . ethan ... a ' then it snow and we lose the trail ... no need to tell ya all the place we go ... Fort Richardson , Fort wingate an' cobb ... the anadarko Agency ... trouble be we do not even know which band that war party belong to ... Mrs. jorgensen look up from she darn . mrs . jorgensen well , you do all a body could , ethan . ethan I get you boy kill . mrs . jorgensen ( gently ) do not go blamin ' yourself ... jorgensen ( angrily ) it 's this country kill my boy !... yes , by golly ! Mrs. jorgensen stand . mrs . jorgensen now lar !... it so happen we be texican ... we take a reachin ' hold , way far out , past where any man have right or reason to hold on ... or if we do not , we folk do ... so we can not leave off without makin ' they out to be fool , wastin ' they life and waste in the way they die ... a texican 's nothin ' but a human man out on a limb ... this year a ' next and maybe for a hundred more . but I do not think it will be forever . someday this country will be a fine good place to be ... maybe it need we bone in the ground before that time can come ... the speech impress everyone but Laurie , who probably have not hear a word of it . laurie ma !... martie 's drawer be a sight ! ai not fit for rag !... would it be all right if we give he some of Brad 's thing ? there be just the briefest hesitation ... mrs . jorgensen why ...' course it would ! they be in the chest ... and she lead the way briskly , with Laurie follow , to a big chest at the far end of the room . jorgensen ( rise excitedly ) by golly , the letter ... in the chest , mama ... it come for you , ethan ... last winter ... ethan and jorgensen cross together to where Mrs. jorgensen be raise the top of a huge dower chest . she extract a letter , wrap in oilskin against moth . jorgensen ( continue ) joab wilk of the ranger bring it ... ethan take the letter and study it very carefully before venture to open it . jorgensen be quite curious , but try not to seem nosy . the woman remain at the chest -- pull out various fold garment , etc . finally ethan carefully open it and take out a letter -- dirty as to paper , crudely print in pencil and with a horseshoe nail pin a two - inch square snip of calico to the bottom of the sheet . he read the letter with the habitual difficulty of a man unused to word and then he turn the letter , remove the nail and look at the snip of cloth . ethan ( quietly ) Mrs. jorgensen ... she come to he , she arm pile with clothing ; and Laurie a step behind she , hold up a new pair of long - handle underwear -- measure it with she eye for hole , etc . ethan will you look at this ? he hold out the snip of calico . mrs . jorgensen why it 's just a snip of calico ... ethan you ever see it before ... like mebbe on a dress Debbie wear ? mrs . jorgensen yes !... yes , I remember !... have they find she , ethan ? ethan no ... not yet ... he take the calico snip , place it within the letter and carefully pocket it . he look broodingly into the fire . ethan ( continue ) ... not yet ... Laurie 's face be troubled as she turn from he and head for the grandmother room , carry the armful of clothes . int . the spare bedroom - full shot - night Martin be sit sulkily on a cot , wrap in a blanket . he glare up as Laurie enter . his foot be in he boot . martin might at least have leave I my pants ! laurie shush !... time for bed anyway ... ( put clothes near he ) likely this will need some takin ' in ... oh , martie , you be that gaunt ! ... ma 's havin ' a turkey for dinner tomorrow and ... jorgensen' voice ( call ) Laurie !... come ... come ! ethan open the door , enter . laurie yes , pa !... good night , martie ... good night , Mr. Edwards ... she want to kiss martie but be shy in ethan 's presence and hurry out . martin good night ... Laurie ... ethan good night ... Martin stoops to remove he boot . ethan study he and look thoughtfully after the girl and at Martin . he take the letter out of he pocket -- as though he mean to read it -- and then he put it back decisively . he start to undress . Martin lie back on he bunk . ethan jorgensen 's be runnin ' he cattle with my own ... martin ( stare ) you cattle ?... debbie be cattle ! ethan return the stare without any change of expression . ethan he 's agree to take you on and share the increase from my herd while I be go ... I will be pushin ' on tomorrow ... martin I be not stayin ' ... I set out lookin ' for Debbie ... I aim to keep on ... ethan why ? martin because she 's my ... my ... ethan she 's you nothin ' ... she 's no kin to you at all ! martin I always feel like she be ... her folk takin ' I in , raisin ' I like one of they own ... ethan that do not make them kin ... martin all right ... I be not get no kin ... I be goin ' to keep lookin ' that 's all . ethan how ? you get any horse , or money to buy them ... you be not even get money to buy cartridge ... jorgensen 's offer you a good livin ' here ... Martin throw himself back , turn he face to the wall . ethan look soberly at he -- and be sorry for the brutality of he word . ethan Martin ... I want you to know somethin' ... martin ( turn -- mad as hell ) yeah ... you want I to know I be not get no kin -- no money -- no horse -- nothing but a dead man 's clothes to wear !... you tole I that already ... now shut you head ! ethan good night . dissolve to : ext . the jorgensen home - wide angle - dawn light it be a still scene , with the first light of day in the sky , a thin plume of smoke rise from the chimney . int . the jorgensen keeping room - mo . close shot - laurie - dawn light she be in a robe make of a indian blanket , belt snugly around she waist . she wear moccasin for slipper . her flannel nightgown be high at the collar and almost trail the floor . she be at the stove , fry bacon and egg ; a coffee pot be on the boil . Beyond she the door to the grandmother room open and Martin come in -- dress in Brad 's clothes . his eye whip around the room . Laurie do not turn as he slowly approach . laurie ( quietly ) ethan ride on ... a hour ago . the starch go out of he . he walk heavily to the table and sit , slump . she look at he compassionately . laurie I do not know what you can do about find Debbie that he can not ... he just shake he head , not look at she . she lift the food from the skillet onto a plate and set it before he . laurie he will find she now , martie ... please believe I ... I know . he shake he head . she cross to the stove for the coffee pot . martin that 's what scare I -- he findin ' she . now it be she turn to stare . martin Laurie , I have see he eye when he so much as hear the word ' comanche ' ... I have see he take he knife a ' ... never mind ... but he 's a man can go crazy wild ... it might come on he when it be the worst thing could be ... what I count on , I hope to be there to stop he , if such thing come . Laurie have pour he coffee . now he sip it . she sit at the table with he . laurie ( slowly ) I hope I could hold you here ... but I guess I know ... so I steal this for you ... she take ethan 's letter from she breast and hand it to he . he take it , puzzle , and slowly read it aloud . martin ' I buy a small size dress off a injun ... if this here be a piece of year chile dress bring reward . I know where they go ... jerem futterman . ' Martin be on he foot . martin ( excited ) futterman !... he 's get a little tradin ' post on the South fork o' the brazos ... Laurie , I just get to get I a good horse ! think yer pa would ... laurie finish you breakfast ... martin I gotta catch up with he , Laurie ! laurie ( almost in tear -- but angry ) go on then ! pa 's in the barn saddlin ' the Fort Worth stud ... a ' you can take the light geld with the blaze ... martin but that 's sweet -face -- you own good horse . Laurie go to the front door and throw it wide . laurie ( hysterically ) take it and welcome ... but do not count on find I here when you get back ... I have be dally around this god-forsaken wind - scour almost two long year waitin ' for you ... I be not cut out to be a old may ! martin ( miserably ) I can not help it , Laurie ... I just gotta catch up with ethan ... he run out and she slam the door , then rest she head against it . 113- a int . jorgensen keeping room - full shot - early morning Mrs. jorgensen quietly enter the room and see Laurie with head press against the door . she want to offer some word of sympathy , but do not know what to say . she cross to the stove to pour herself a cup of coffee . then we hear the drum of horse ' hoof , the sound of Martin riding away . Laurie fling open the door , almost as though to call he back . 113 - B ext . plain country and lake before jorgensen house - early morning angling from behind Laurie in the doorway as Martin , riding one horse , lead another , go gallop away . ext . futterman' trading post - wide angle - day low , squat adobe structure , with a crudely lettere sign - board proclaim it : ' jerem . futterman , trader ' there be adjacent outbuilding and corral . four horse be tie outside , two be pack animal . a surly -look white man or breed sit in a stool tilt back near the door , whittling with a long - blade knife , eyeing the horse covetously . he glance aside and glare as a squaw shuffles along bear a clumsy load of faggot on she bow back . man andale ! andale ! fearfully she quicken she step . the man get up , shove knife into belt and head into the post . int . futterman' trading post - full shot - day it be a grimy establishment with some dusty trade goods on shelf ; a counter which serve as a bar ; a few plank table and bench . the breed see outside enter and cross to a side table where another mean-look hombre sit prepare to play a game of solitaire with a deck of limp card . ethan and Martin be at a table in the center of the room , examine a dirty , rumple child 's dress -- Debbie 's . Martin nod soberly in answer to ethan 's inquire look ; yes , it 's hers . both look up as futterman cross from the bar , carry a whisky jug and two dirty glass -- he finger thrust inside the glass . futterman be a squaw man and a killer -- dead eye in a white face . futterman drink ? he set the jug down , pick up one of the glass -- so grey and thumb - print it be almost opaque . both ethan and Martin regard it with disgust . futterman give a slight shrug , take the dress and start to wipe the dirty glass with it . Martin snatch it out of he hand . ethan ( harshly ) how would you come by this ? futterman you say there would be a thousand dollar reward . ethan that 's what I say . futterman you get it with you ? ethan look at he and beyond toward the two man . int . futterman be - close shot - the two plug - ugly the solitaire player have a card in mid-air -- freeze , watch . the other man have the same buzzard - watchful look . int . futterman be - full shot - the group as before ethan reward will be pay when I find she -- a ' if she 's alive ... futterman uncork the jug , prepare to drink . futterman man 's get a right to expect some kind o' payment ... I laid out for the dress a ' sendin ' you the writin ' ... he tilt the jug to he mouth as ethan reach for he heavy leather pouch . futterman watch greedily as ethan let a gold piece slide out . he toss it onto the table . ethan twenty yankee dollar . futterman put the jug down . his hand inch -- as though pull by a magnet -- toward the gold piece . futterman ... a ' a man 's time be worth somethin' ... ethan 's big hand clamp over futterman 's and he start squeezing as a man would squeeze a lemon . futterman 's lip whiten . ethan talk ! futterman a young buck fetch it in late last summer ... ( ethan ease the grip ) Said it belong to a captive chile of Chief scar ... ethan scar ? never hear of any Chief scar . futterman I neither ... but this buck claim he be a big war chief with the nawyecky comanch . ethan keep talk . futterman scar 's band be headin ' north ... to winter in at Fort wingate ... eatin ' agency beef . that 's what this buck say ... maybe he lie . ethan and maybe you lie ... futterman in that case you will not find she -- and I will not get my thousand dollar . ethan stand . Martin follow . Martin take the dress and fold it carefully . futterman ( too casually ) stay the night if you want ... ( ethan shake he head ) card ?... a jug ?... if you would like some company , we get a few squaw on the place ... ethan and Martin head for the door . ethan no thanks . the two plug-ugly stand -- mean ready to do they master 's bid . futterman do not forget to come back with my thousand dollar . ethan ai not yours yet . they leave . the camera hold on futterman as he slowly rub he bruise hand . his henchmen drift toward he . futterman ( slight smile ) bad manners ... he shoulda say ' good - bye . ' dissolve to : ext . hilly country - mo . shot - ethan - night they have set up camp near a cluster of cottonwood to which the horse have be tie . one of the horse be restless , possibly nicker . ethan stroke its neck , look out thoughtfully into the night -- listen . martin' voice act like something 's out there . ethan ( head toward campfire ) smell a change in the weather ... camera pan he to where Martin be spread he blanket some little distance from the small fire . ethan would not surprise I if we do not have a frost ' fore mornin ' ... here ... ( he pick up a saddle and put it close to fire ) why not you bed down closer to the fire , boy ? Martin be a bit surprised as ethan take the blanket and spread it near the saddle -- make the saddle serve as a pillow . then ethan toss a few more heavy piece of dry wood on the fire , make it blaze up . martin hey ! what 's the idea ...? ethan maybe I be gettin ' like mose harper -- my bone be cold tonight ... he spread he own blanket as Martin wrap into he bedroll , and when Martin turn , he casually arrange the blanket to suggest it be over the figure of a man . during this : martin funny ... when we pass through Fort wingate last winter , we do not hear mention of any nawyecky comanche there ... ethan step back -- and study the " dummy . " ethan not so funny ... if you recollect what ' nawyecka ' mean ... martin what 's that ? ethan study Martin 's back -- the light on he -- and look around figure the range of fire . ethan sorta like ' roundabout ' -- like a man say he 's goin ' one place when he mean to go just the reverse ... martin ( drowsily ) oh ... ethan you all settle a ' comfortable now ? Martin just grunt and snug deeper into he blanket . ethan nod he satisfaction -- sure Martin be not go to change position . then he take off he hat and boot and use they to complete the dummy . he pick up he rifle then and quietly walk out of the camp . CUT to : ext . hilly country - a ravine or arroyo - full shot - three men - night Three shadowy figure -- futterman and he two henchmen -- be quietly dismount , take rifle from saddle scabbard . at a hand signal from futterman , they quietly fan out afoot . ext . night camp - mo . close shot - martin still snug in he blanket , sound asleep ; the fire burn a little lower but still shed plenty of light on he . ext . hilly country - full shot - from behind futterman and he henchmen at a crouch or crawl , the three worm they way among some rock until they reach a slight rise look down into the camp . Martin be asleep and next to he be ethan 's dummy , hat over its face , and the fire still burn . the two henchmen snake they rifle up to a fire position . a shot crack ... and one man be knock flat on he face . the other whirl in the direction of the shot , he rifle swinging in search of a target . a second shot split the night and the breed fall as though hit by a giant fist ... Martin be sit up now , stare wildly around . futterman start to run down - slope , away from the hide marksman , dodging between the rock . a third shot catch he in the back and he spin and fall and roll down the slope into the firepit camp area . Martin be on he foot now . ext . night camp - full shot - martin he be stare at futterman , face down and almost at he foot . he look around in fear at someone approach -- hand go to he gun . then he relax as ethan casually enter the camp , barehead , carry he rifle . ethan thanks ... you do just fine ... ethan kneel beside futterman , turn he over , reach into he pocket -- first one , then another . martin ( daze ) futterman ? ethan he just could not wait ... martin ( watch he go through pocket ) whatchu doin ' ?... ethan grin satisfiedly as he straighten and spin the gold piece in the air , catch it and pocket it . ethan even get my twenty dollar back ... we do all right . and now Martin be get the whole picture ... and he 's mad . martin we ?... you just use I for bait -- stake I out like a ... buildin ' up the fire ... fixin ' it so 's ... I coulda have my brain blow out ! ethan be just grin at he -- completely unruffled , deny none of it . martin ( explosively ) suppose you would miss ! ethan sober a little , seem honestly surprised . ethan never occur to I ... dissolve to : ext . the jorgensen home - wide angle - day it be a day in early winter . Charlie maccorry , short -coat , be gallop across the yard as jorgensen cross it -- carry a load of firewood . charlie ( call it ) howdy , mister jorgensen ... jorgensen Charlie ... maccorry swing off he saddle near the porch , as the door open and Mrs. jorgensen come out -- shawle against the cold . charlie get a letter here ... jorgensen let the cordwood drop ... jorgensen by golly ! a letter ? charlie for miss Laurie ... mrs . jorgensen come in , Charlie , come in ... ( call inside ) laurie !... my land !... two letter in the one year !... int . jorgensen keeping room - full shot as Charlie enter , follow Mrs. jorgensen . jorgensen excitedly enter and close the door . Laurie come in from another room . Charlie smile and bow clumsily . mrs . jorgensen ( to Laurie ) a letter for you , Laurie ... charlie yes be ... figgered it might be the news you be waitin ' for ... so ... he hand the letter to Laurie who come over eagerly , take it and study the wrapper before open it . mrs . jorgensen Real good o' you to ride all the way over , Charlie ... might at least say you thank you 's , Laurie ... declare ! charlie no need to ... but Laurie have no interest in anything but the letter which she be read skimmingly . mrs . jorgensen well ? jorgensen ( expectantly ) yah ? mrs . jorgensen Laurie ! do not keep a body just standin' ! Laurie look up then . laurie ( impatiently ) I be just readin ' to see if ... anyway , it 's my letter ! mrs . jorgensen ( agreeably ) ' course it be . now let 's all get comfortable a ' set so 's we can listen while Laurie read she letter ... charlie ( turn as if to go ) maybe I would better be goin ' ... jorgensen you stay , Charlie ... after all , Charlie bring the letter , Laurie ... he get a right to listen too ! Mrs. jorgensen have be pull and push chair around and now they all take place . jorgensen automatically reach for he glass on the mantel and put they on -- even though he be not go to read the letter . Laurie have be sneaking look at some of the other page . laurie ( surrender ) oh , all right ! well ... Martin say ... jorgensen from the beginning ... laurie ' dear miss laury ' ... he spell it with a y instead of a I ... e... would not you think he would know ... jorgensen who care what he spell it ? read the letter . laurie dear miss laury ... I take pen in hand to let you know ethan and I still be try to catch up with they comanch the late mister futterman tell we about ... she break off , look up -- puzzle . laurie the late mister futterman ? jorgensen that mean mister futterman be dead , by golly . mrs . jorgensen wonder what happen to the poor man . go on , Laurie . laurie ( resume the letter ) we cut north through indian territory and ... ( she voice fade ) dissolve to : ext . OPEN country - late summer or fall - ethan and martin ( silent ) lead they pack animal . Martin 's voice pick up the narration . martin' voice soon we be meeting up with kiowas an' wichitas a ' even some comanch campe by one of the agency ... wipe to : wide angle - a comanche encampment - ethan and martin - day fall weather ( silent ) the camp be on the outskirt of a trading post . Indians watch unsmilingly from tepee , or in little cluster afoot ; a few mount brave ride on parallel course as ethan and Martin ride through camp toward the post . martin' voice but none of they be nawyecky 's nor claim to know a war chief name scar ... he 's the one the late mister futterman say have Debbie ... wipe to : int . appleby' trading post - mo . shot ( silent ) - day this trading post be in mark contrast to futterman 's -- be well - stock , clean and preside over by hiram appleby , a resolute , clean-look man of middle year . ethan and Martin -- in winter garb -- be be show a variety of trade goods , include a shoebox full of ornate ribbon rosettes , such as be award animal at stock fair . appleby be solemnly affirm the trade value of this , as well as sleeve garter , etc . martin' voice at one o' the agency we outfit with all kind a ' manner of trade goods ... figgerin ' that would make it easier for we to come a ' go ... you would laugh if I tell you what be we biggest seller ... wipe to : ext . indian encampment - mo . close shot - ethan and fat indian - early winter or fall day ethan be ceremoniously pin something on the stern - face buck . it be one of the rosettes see in the shoebox . camera move to a extreme closeup of the rosette . on it , in gold letter , be : first award lard type hog ext . indian encampment - full shot - early fall or winter day as the indian proudly step back , we see beyond he a half dozen other brave -- all rosetted . ethan look they over complacently while Martin -- to hide the smile that threaten to split he face -- bend to pick up a huge bundle of fur . wipe to : int . jorgensen keeping room - full shot - the group favoring laurie read the letter . she be at the bottom of a page . laurie ' there be one other thing I get to tell you before you hear it from ethan ... how I get myself a wife ' ... she stop and stare . laurie a wife ? she look at they - daze . charlie ( delightedly ) he do ? jorgensen ( smack he knee -- very happy indeed ) good ! a young man should get marry early in life . right , mama ? Mrs. jorgensen , full of sympathy for Laurie , just glare at she husband . jorgensen every young man should at least once ... go on , Laurie ! read ! laurie ( haltingly ) a little comanche squaw - squaw ! and with that she crumple the letter and throw it into the fire . mrs . jorgensen ( aghast ) Laurie ! jorgensen be out of he chair and scramble in the fireplace to recover the letter . he fetch it out , beat the spark out . the letter be basically undamage . jorgensen ( sternly ) be no way to treat a letter , Laurie ... mama maybe you better read it ... ( to Charlie , proudly ) my wife be a school teacher , Charlie ... she read good . Laurie snatch the letter back . laurie I will read it ... Charlie cross the room , pick up a guitar . charlie ( smugly ) so he marry a comanche squaw ... haw haw haw ! Laurie glare at he . he begin chord the guitar . wipe to : ext . indian encampment - mo . close shot - martin and " look " - fall or early winter - day " look " be somewhat under five foot tall , pigeon - to , platter - face and wide - eye . over she arm be a very handsome blanket . she be come forward shyly toward Martin , propel by a comanche -- she father . Martin , with a armful of trade goods -- a few yard of bright calico , a couple of aged sow rosettes and some trinket -- be indicate the blanket . look glance shyly at she father . he shake he head negatively . look be disappointed . the father point to Martin 's pile of trade goods . Martin bend and pick up the indicate object : it be a batter high - crown beaver hat . the indian grunt he approval and put it on . look look relieved . Martin reach for the blanket . look take a quick step backward and hold up one finger : wait ! then she run back through the other comanch now crowd forward . ext . indian encampment - another angle - full shot - including ethan who ride in slowly , lead they pack horse and Martin 's horse . ethan ( quietly ) let 's go ... I think I stumble onto something ' ... martin ( eagerly ) scar ? the name register with some of the nearer brave . there be a quick interchange of glance , frown , hostile . ethan ( angrily ) when be you goin ' to learn to keep you mouth shut ! come on . let 's get out of here . martin but I just buy a good blanket . ethan ( curtly ) forget it ... Martin mount and the two ride out . the comanch stare after they suspiciously , resentfully . ext . OPEN country - full shot - ethan and martin - moving shot - early winter day they be riding down a slight grade beyond which ( we can assume ) be the comanche camp . ethan what I hear back there be that a band o' hostile nawyeckas come through this way less and two week ago ... martin ( excitedly ) think it might be ...? he break and both turn as look ride over the hill on a little spot indian pony , with she squaw - bag sling up behind she and she blanket over the saddle . she close the gap between they . ethan what 's she followin ' for ? look smile shyly at Martin . martin look , I change my mind ... you can keep you blanket . he gesture for she to go back . martin go on back ... she stare and then dutifully wheel she horse . Martin and ethan face front again . look wheel she horse again and be right with they . Martin stop - exasperate . martin look ... you do not understand ... ( he wave she away ) I do not want it . look just sit . ethan ( explosively ) you do not understand , ya chunkhead ! you do not buy any blanket ! ya buy she ! martin ( aghast ) what ? ethan you get yourself a wife , sonny ! martin ( a wail ) oh no ! tell she she 's get to go back ... ethan and have she whole family after we scalp for floutin ' one o' they woman ?... no sir ! come on , Mrs. pauley ... look smile and set she horse in motion as ethan move ahead . Martin 's face be a mask of comic despair as he give up . he be mouth the word -- martin Mrs ... pauley ? and ethan suddenly break into song ; to the tune of " skip to my Lou : " ethan ( sing ) I get another gal purtier and you . I get another gal purtier and you . I get another gal purtier and you . skip to my Lou , my darlin ' . dissolve to : ext . night camp - OPEN country - close shot - ethan - night ethan be wrap in he blanket roll , head propped by a elbow , grin sardonically as he watch a strange ritual in the camp . the score be softly reprising " skip to my Lou . " ext . night camp - full shot - past ethan - night look be stand with she blanket fold over one arm , she head shyly downcast , not far from where Martin ( back to she ) be spread he own bed roll . he sit on it then and begin pull off he boot . he be very conscious of ethan 's watchful scrutiny . finally he be ready . he lie back on he blanket . at once look be at he side to spread she own blanket . Martin sit bolt upright and tug he blanket free and wrap it protectively around he . she stare at he , puzzle . martin Water !... ( in comanche ) pah ! she nod she understanding , hurry off to fetch a canteen . Martin glare at ethan . ethan that 's the way to train them . look like Mrs. pauley 's goin ' to make you a fine beautiful wife ... martin cut it out , will ya ... look return with the canteen , hand it to Martin and kneel beside he . he look at she sympathetically . martin look ... I wish I could explain to you . and now look speak for the first time . she indicate herself . look look ?... now she jabber in comanche and , at the appropriate time , will point to the sky and imitate a bird fly . look nay tzare t'sala- ta-komal - ta-name ... unt kang - yah look. ( which mean ) ( my father call I Wild Goose Flying in the night Sky ... but you call I ' look ' ) . Martin look blank , but ethan chuckle . ethan say she name 's Wild Goose Flying in the night Sky ... but she will answer to look since it please ya ... martin ( blankly ) look ? she nod and smile and quickly settles alongside he and spread she blanket over they both . Martin recoil , plant he foot in the small of she back and send she sprawling . ethan bust a gut laugh . Martin jump to he foot , angrily . martin ( hotly ) I do not think it 's so funny ... if you want to do some good , why not you ask she where scar be ? ethan stare at the girl . her face be suddenly impassive as she look from Martin to the ground . ethan ( grimly ) she hear ya- all right ... a ' she know ... he get to he foot and he cross to stand before she . so do Martin . ethan unt osupanet cah - nay scar ? ( meaning ) ( you know where scar be ? ) she stare sullenly , not answer . ethan you ask she ! martin look ! ( she face he ) scar ?... ( sign talk ) do you know where he go ? and if he have a girl with he ... a white girl -- nai-bist pabo taibo ... she stand ... she indicate Martin . she indicate herself . look mah nee-koo-ur ? ( meaning ) ( you woman ? ) martin ( shaking head ) no ... not my wife ... my ... ( to ethan ) how do you say sister ? ethan ( in comanche ) nami . she look gravely from ethan to Martin . then , with impassive face , she bend swiftly , pick up she blanket and walk away from they to choose she own sleep place . the two man do not know what to make of it . dissolve to : ext . camp - OPEN country - full shot - ethan and martin - morning it be the same scene the follow morning . the man be stand above where look have bedd for the night , look at the ground . clearly mark on the hard ground be a crudely draw arrow . martin beat I how she could get that pony out o' camp without neither of we hearin ' a thing ... ethan she be not goin ' back to she family , that 's certain ... not if she take off where the arrow point . martin think she mean for we to follow ? ethan how should I know ... she 's you wife ! he walk toward they horse , start to saddle up . Martin follow . martin I think maybe we oughta ... ethan ( hide a grin ) yeah , I kinda figgered you would say that ... bein ' a new husband and all ... and ethan start sing " skip to my Lou " half under he breath . Martin give he a sour side - glance and continue saddle . dissolve to : int . jorgensen home - group as before - laurie reading - day Mrs. jorgensen be bring a light lamp over to the table where Laurie be read against the fade light of day . jorgensen 's pipe have go out and he light it . laurie maybe she leave other sign for we to follow but we will never know -- ' cause it snow all day and all the next week ... we be head north , through the buffalo country when something happen that I be not get straight in my own mind yet ... ( she voice fade ) 137 - a ext . snow country - wide angle shot - two rider ( colorado footage ) the two man be pick they way through a snow - mantle grove . Martin 's voice resume the narration . martin' voice ethan 's always be throw it up to I that I be a quarter -breed ... I never figgered it make much difference ... 137 - B ext . BUFFALO herd - wide angle shot - day ( colo . footage ) martin' voice but this day we come on a small herd . we need some meat so we circle ' round ... 137- C ext . the herd - another angle ( colo . footage ) martin' voice ... and come up on them afoot ... they have not be hunt , so it be no trick workin ' in close . 137-d ext . the herd - martin and ethan - day ( colo . footage ) the two man walk from behind camera . ethan aim , fire and bring down a bull . martin' voice ethan get a nice one on he first shot , but then he begin kill one after another -- cow as well as bull -- fast as he could fire and load ... it be just a slaughter ... no sense to it ... 137- E ext . the herd beginning to run ( colo . footage ) Shots crack out -- the terrify bawling of the bull -- the beginning of the stampede . 137 - F ext . mo . close shot - ethan and martin ( process ) Martin stride across to where ethan be fire . martin ethan , quit it ! ethan ( fire again ) nine ... ( another shot ) ten ! martin what 's the sense in it ! ethan turn and swing a backhand blow which catch Martin by surprise and fell he . ethan ( in a fury ) Hunger ! -- empty belly ! that 's the sense in it , you Cherokee !... he swing up he gun and fire again -- and again ... as Martin stare at he from the ground . 137 - G ext . the herd - long shot - the stampede ( colo . footage ) fear-maddened animal be swinging into full stampede flee the deadly marksman . rifle shot keep crack out . 137 - h ext . mo . close shot - ethan and martin as before ( process ) the thunder of the hoof be recede and ethan grimly lower he rifle . Martin pick himself up -- still stare at ethan as though at a madman . ethan turn and look at he . ethan least , they will not feed any comanch this winter ... killin ' buffalo 's as good as killin' injun in this country . martin peaceful tribe depend on the buffalo , too .... ethan ai not that too bad ... if you feel that sorry for you kinfolk , I be surprised you do not take up with that squaw wife of yours ... he whip out he shin knife and stride toward the dead buffalo o.s . Martin look after he with troubled expression . suddenly he hear something , borne faint by the wind . martin ethan ! ethan turn . now faintly , little more than a shred of sound , be the distant blow of a bugle . martin listen !... hear it ?... there ! ai not that a bugle ... and fire ? ethan stare -- and then the bugle sound repeat and the distant crack of shot , from long mile off . ethan ( grimly ) just hope we be not too late ... and the two break and run for they horse . dissolve to : omitted ext . a river - wide angle - cavalry crossing with prisoner - day martin' voice ( as narrator ) it be all over long before we get there and the soldier be high - tailin ' it back to the agency with they prisoner -- squaw mostly -- by the time ethan and I reach the camp ... ext . snow slope - wide angle - ethan and martin horse and rider plunge downslope through breast-high snow . martin' voice it be the nawyecky comanch all right -- the one we would be look for all this time ... ext . burning indian village - wide angle - ethan and martin - day as they ride in , pass dead horse , a few body of man . martin' voice trouble of it be that the soldier have hit when most of the fightin ' man be away -- huntin ' maybe ... so most of the dead be old man and woman a ' kid ... and it be in one of the tepee ethan find she -- the little squaw who want I to call she look ... ethan have dismounted in front of one of the tepee , head inside . int . tepee - full shot - day as ethan enter . a body -- look 's -- be sprawle on the ground . he cross , turn she over . Martin enter behind he . ethan well , you be a widower now ... martin ( angrily ) what would the soldier have to kill she for !... he see something clutch in she hand . he stoops quickly . martin ethan ! ethan , who have turn indifferently to leave , pause . Martin show he what look have be clutching -- Debbie 's rag doll . martin look ! it 's hers , Debbie 's ... ethan snatch it , stare at it . then he turn and run from the tepee . Martin stare at look 's body , then cover it with a robe . martin' voice so we know Debbie have be in the village ... what look be do there -- whether she would come to warn they , or maybe to find Debbie for I ... there 's no way of know ... he turn and then slowly head out . ext . the tepee - ethan and martin ethan stand there , he expression bleak , look at the scene . Martin join he . martin we gotta catch up with they yellow leg ... maybe they get she with they . ethan be not think of that at all . ethan ( harshly ) and maybe they get scar ! they start away -- fast . dissolve to : ext . snow country - wide angle - the cavalry and prisoner - day a long line stretch across the landscape -- woman fall and be prodd along by they captor . from behind camera ride ethan and Martin and move to intercept the column . ext . the column - full shot - day as ethan and Martin come closer and look at the shawle prisoner stumbling along . ext . OPEN country - full shot - ethan and martin - day as a young officer spur out of the column and ride toward they . officer ( inquiringly ) yes ? ethan we be look for a girl -- a white girl ... martin she would be about thirteen now ... officer we get two around that age ... martin ( eagerly ) where ? officer you will have to wait until we reach the agency ... fall in behind the column ... martin ( protestingly ) but could not you ...? officer sorry ... ( shouting it ) keep the column move !... Close rank there ! the officer spur out to rejoin the column . Martin look at ethan , he face alive with hope . but ethan be just look stonily along the line of pass prisoner . wipe to : ext . the nokoni agency - wide angle - day the column of cavalry and prisoner enter the agency ( colorado footage ) . we see the dead and wounded on travois ; the agency Indians watch stoically ; the prisoner -- some of they -- be herde into a chapel . int . office of nokoni agency - full shot - day the office have be set up as a temporary army headquarters . the general be be interview by two Eastern newspaper correspondent . at a table beyond be a telegrapher , send out a report of the victory . a pot-belly stove supplies heat and the General be warming he hand at it , intermittently . a adjutant be rather wearily fill out a long official form . the General , for all he mudd boot remain a beau sabreur and be loosely model upon a certain other well - know glory hunter of the indian war . he wear a colonel 's strap , but insist upon he brevet rank . general and it be clear to I the hostile outnumber we four to one ... with all the advantage of terrain ... correspondent four to one ! what do you do , general ? ethan and Martin enter , stand in the doorway . general ( impressively ) Sir -- we charge !... gentlemen -- and I hope you will quote I -- I can not say too much for the courage of the man who follow I into that cheyenne camp ... ethan ( blurt it ) cheyenne ! what cheyenne ? general ( turn and stare ) I beg you pardon ? ethan that camp you hit be nawyecka comanche ... Chief scar 's bunch ... correspondent ( fascinate ) scar ? what a wonderful name !... general ( to he aide ) be you get this , keefer ? correspondent ( to ethan ) how do you spell that word -- nawyecka ? ethan ignore he , still face the General . ethan my name 's Edwards ... I be look for my niece ... she be in that camp when you attack ... general ( uncertain ) well ... I know there be some captive recover ... martin ( bitterly ) four of them dead ... so we be tell ... general ( uncomfortably ) unfortunately , the hostile murder they as we develop the village ... ethan be you sure they do not die of carbine shot fire by a bunch o' yank bluebelly so scared they could not tell the difference between a cheyenne and a comanche ? general keefer !... put this man under arrest ! ethan that will be the day ... ( scornfully ) ' as we develop the village ' ... next time you develop a village , hit it where the fightin ' man be ... you will not get any headline for killin ' squaw . keefer cough . keefer shall I show he the captive , sir ? general just get he out of here ! keefer yes sir ... ( he cross to ethan ) this way ... int . the chapel - mo . close shot - angling to door - afternoon the door be open by a guard and ethan take a step into the room -- then stop in manifest shock . Martin be at he heel , eager and expectant . Beyond they stand keefer , grave and compassionate . there be a keen sound in the room -- almost a animal sound . int . the chapel - reverse shot - full it be a simple log-side room with plank bench without back . up front be a small box - like pulpit , no altar . across the front of the room , set up either on bench or on board over saw- horse be four blanket - cover figure -- at least two be the body of child . squatte on the floor near they be a elderly white woman with hair hang loosely down she back and clad in indian robe . stand , face the newcomer , be a woman who may be no more than in she mid-thirty . she be mad -- wild - eye , frighten , with matte , unbrush golden hair , tear garment . it be she who have be make the keen sound , the animal moan . now she crouch at the sight of they and look desperately for a mean of escape . two girl be asleep , head together and back to the door . one have light hair , like Debbie 's ; the other brown hair . the afternoon sun come through a high window touch the light hair . martin Debbie ?... debbie ? he have see the light hair and start crossing the room . now the madwoman begin she scream , run from side to side like a trap animal . ethan follow Martin into the room , keefer behind he . Martin come to a stop , realize the woman be afraid of he . the two sleep girl stir , but do not turn . martin do not be scared , mar 'am ... the madwoman crouch behind one of the bench , look at they with frighten eye . keefer just do not pay any attention to she ... Martin swallow and nod and cross to the light -haire girl . he reach a hand gingerly to touch she shoulder . martin ( softly ) Debbie ? at the touch , the girl be on she foot , crouching -- one hand , like a claw , draw back to rake he face . she be unmistakably a white girl , but she be paint like a comanche woman -- she ear red inside , streak of paint accent the savagery of she face . her eye be frighten , yet full of hate . girl pabo-taibo ! ( White man ! ) the other girl have rise almost in the same instant -- but more out of fear . she be young , but paint like the other . she move to stand behind the savage one . martin ( slowly ) no ... she 's not ... ethan I be not sure ... where 's that doll ? Martin stare at he , then realize what he have in mind . he fish the rag doll from under he coat and hold it out to the girl . she look at it ... and we may almost suspect it be rekindling a memory -- but then she spit at it . the other girl laugh . Martin turn away and he 's sick . keefer be you niece about they age ? ethan not far from it ... keefer hard to realize they be white , be not it ... ethan ( grimly ) they be not white any more -- they be comanche !... let 's see the body ... Martin nerve himself for the ordeal , turn to follow . ethan I do not need you ... ethan and keefer move away . as they do , the madwoman -- eye fix on the rag doll in Martin 's hand -- begin creep up behind he . Martin be torturedly watch ethan and keefer as first one blanket then another be raise -- we will never see the dead . during this : keefer ( the dispassionate pro ) I would like you to see they all ... it might help we identify they ... shot in the head -- flash - burn range ... the boy get he skull crack ... here 's the girl ... Martin stiffen , wait . ethan no ... Martin relax ... and in that instant the madwoman have the doll in she hand . she cradle it and she croon . Martin reach to take it away . but she calmly sit , cradling the doll , and rock to and for , hum a lullaby . he can not take it . ethan return . ethan well , we only get the one lead -- scar ... and where we begin to look , I do not know ... keefer there 's one thing . we recover a bushel of trinket in that camp ... cheap stuff ... trade goods ... could not help notice that most of it be mexican ... maybe if you could talk to some of that mexican trader along the border ... what do they call themselves ? ethan comancheros ... keefer that 's the breed ... course it might take time . ethan time 's run out ... but I be oblige to you . they leave . CUT to : int . jorgensen keeping room - full shot - the group - evening Laurie have reach the last page of the letter , read it by the lamp on the table . jorgensen be knock out the dead ash of he pipe . Charlie be in the shadow , a guitar in he hand -- not play it , but occasionally softly pick a note or chord . Mrs. jorgensen be dabbing moist eye with a corner of she apron . laurie ... so we be set out for New Mexico territory in the morning ... I be sorry I will not be back for Christmas again this year ... she swallow hard , pause a moment in she read . mrs . jorgensen ( quick sympathy ) and you knittin ' that muffler ... laurie ( impatiently ) what 's the difference ! mrs . jorgensen well , I just think it would be a sin and a shame not to let someone get some good of it ... she look almost too obviously at Charlie , which annoys Laurie . Laurie resume she letter read : laurie ( peer closely ) there 's a word cross out ... it look like ' I wish ' or ' I will '... ( she give up ) anyway ... ' I set pen aside in the hope you be enjoy good health and you folk the same ... I remain , respectfully ... ( forlornly ) yours truly , Martin paulie . ' that 's all there be . not a cross on it . Laurie just look at it . jorgensen stand , pockete he pipe , ease the crick in he back . he ceremoniously remove the spectacle and replace they on the mantel . jorgensen they never find that girl . laurie ( half to herself ) your truly ... ( hotly ) and he even have to write he full name ... Martin pauley ... not even just martie !... ( she stand ) I do not care if he never come back ! she head for the front door . mrs . jorgensen ( rise -- say it without conviction ) now , Laurie !... Charlie hit the guitar a little stronger . Mrs. jorgensen look at he -- and the matchmaker be at work . mrs . jorgensen Charlie , you will stay for supper ?... now I will not take no for a answer . charlie think of say ' no ' never cross my mind , miz jorgensen ... no place I would rather be than right here , right now . Mrs. jorgensen smile and move about she duty . Laurie have open the door and be stare out wistfully ... and Charlie begin play and sing a verse from " skip to my Lou . " charlie ( sing ) one old boot and a button shoe one old boot and a button shoe ... fade out fade in ext . desert country - wide angle - ethan and martin riding - day the search theme be hear again as the two rider , with single pack horse , be head south through New Mexico . it be hot country . ext . desert country - close moving shot - ethan and martin - day they face be sun-tann , burn dark and dry . go be the heavy coat and clothing of they northern day . they do not speak , just ride -- and there be the same bleak , fanatic , hard look about they both . the music theme segues into something livelier and mexican as we - dissolve to : ext . a mexican village - full shot - ethan and martin - day it be a small place -- a single dirt street , a few adobe house ; a few rack of dry meat ; a burro with a load of faggot on its back be drive along by a small boy ; the music come from a little cantina in the middle of the street . before the cantina be a bone rack of a horse , without a saddle -- only a blanket pad . there be something familiar about the horse and ethan be stare at it as they ride in . ext . the cantina - full shot - day the two man dismount , beat dust out of they clothes . ethan take another look at the sorry old nag tie outside . Martin pause beside ethan . ethan recognize it ? Martin shake he head . they start toward the cantina . ethan there could not be two like that in all the world ... int . the cantina - full shot - day as ethan and Martin enter . it be a dirt -floor room with a small bar near the door , chair and bench along the wall . a pair of guitar player be at the far end of the room . a couple of mexican be play a noisy game of domino , slapping the domino down hard ... emilio figueroa , back to the door , spur boot across one of the table , be sip a drink . emilio be a cynical , middle - age , aristocratic - look man in modify charro costume . watch the domino game be estrella , lithe , sensuous , smoking a brown - paper cigarette ; she be barefoot . behind the bar be the proprietor , doze on he stool . ethan take a step into the room . ethan ( loudly ) mose !.... mose harper ? the proprietor awaken . the domino game be suspend in mid - play . estrella turn ... and from beside emilio , previously obscure by the man 's back and the big charro hat , poke the head of old mose . emilio turn then to look at the newcomer . mose ay-eh ...? he be on he foot and advance to meet they . as he recognize they a wide , foolish grin split he face and he mouth open and close in word that will not come out . he grab and shake ethan 's arm , then martin' . ethan leggo my arm ... you look mangier and ever . mose ai not be too good ... no sir , not too good ... gettin ' old , ethan ... ethan you be bear old ... proprietor ( all smile - as they head for the bar ) bienvenidos , senore ... pulque ?... tequila ?... mescal ?... huiskey ? ethan tequila ... martin lo mismo . proprietor ( beam ) y ' par ' el viejo -- el vino del pais ... tequila tambien ! Martin put he back to the bar , lean elbow on it and look around . 158a int . the cantina - angling past martin toward estrella she be give he a appraise once - over , then signal the musician to play . she rest she buttock against a table and wait , she eye challenging Martin to make a move . emilio be watch estrella and Martin with something akin to bored amusement . 158b int . the cantina - angle at bar ethan have pour a drink for mose , now one for himself -- leave Martin 's glass empty . mose I be helpin ' ye , ethan ... I be lookin ' all the time ... Martin turn back to the bar to take he glass . he find it empty . martin ( to ethan 's back ) thanks for nothin' ... he angrily throw a coin on the counter , appropriate the bottle and he glass and head for a table closer to estrella . neither ethan nor mose seem aware of he go . ethan well , the reward still stand ... mose do not want no money , ethan ... jus ' a place -- a roof over m ' head ... a little grub ... a bunk to sleep in ... a ' a rockin ' chair by the fire ... my own rockin ' chair by a fire ... ethan you help I find she , you get you rockin ' chair ... mose swear it , ethan ?... give word ? ethan ( impatiently ) told ya , do not I ? mose ( impressively ) ethan ... I find a man 's see she ... know where little Debbie be ! ethan stare at he . mose nod he reaffirmation of it . then ethan 's hand lock on the old man 's shoulder . ethan who ? where be he ... this man ? mose wince under the grip . he can not speak , but he look past ethan and he point . ethan turn . emilio swing he boot off the table and slowly cross to they . he let cigarette smoke curl out of he mouth . then he smile . emilio I be this man , senor ... emilio Gabriel fernandez y figueroa ... at you service ... ( afterthought ) ... for a price ... ( he smile ) ... always for a price ... as the man study each other , estrella begin she dance -- and the rhythmic click of the castanet will beat like a metronome . emilio look at the bottle on the bar , disdainfully push it away and imperiously signal the proprietor to bring something better . emilio un otra ! int . the cantina - angling past martin to estrella he be knock off he tequila and look at the girl hungrily . she be do she sway dance , play up to he and with unmistakable effect . he sloshes another drink into he glass and , never take he eye off she , downs it . int . the cantina - full shot - another angle - the dance Beyond estrella we see ethan , emilio , and mose at the bar -- gesture , headshake , the entire pantomime of a inaudible conversation . then ethan take out he pouch and begin drop gold piece into emilio 's hand . meanwhile , dance and dancer be achieve they purpose with Martin . and the tequila be work . he get to he foot , a little groggily . estrella 's smile deepen and there be a clear invitation in she eye ... ethan turn then , he deal with emilio conclude , and he see what be go on . he start for Martin 's table just as Martin move out to take the girl . ethan ( tolerantly ) come on , Don Juan ... we be on we way ... Martin try to push he away , he eye still on the girl . martin ( thickly ) lemme alone ... ethan ( take he arm ) you breed be all alike -- two drink a ' ... Martin break free and square off . martin take yer hand off and I ... this lady a ' I get some thing to talk over ! estrella range herself alongside of Martin and slip a arm possessively through he . ethan ( a shrug ) suit yourself ... while you be enjoyin ' you little conversation , I will be ridin ' out with senor fernandez here ... the comanch ' medicine country be not far ... there 's one camp with a chief name cicatriz . martin never hear of he ... ethan cicatriz be mex for scar ... a ' he have a white girl in he tepee ... be seein ' you ... he turn and head out . emilio , who have come up behind he , give estrella a slight smile and bow . emilio buena suerte , estrella ... hasta la vista . he follow ethan . estrella swing she body close to Martin and let she arm slide around he neck . estrella ( softly ) tu quiere ...? Martin blink to clear away the fog of tequila and desire . martin ( a bitter laugh ) sure ... sure ... only not this year ... he pull she arm away and go lurching after the other . mose catch he arm . mose ' mind ethan ' bout my rockin ' chair ! Martin continue out and mose stand there -- he head rockin ' as though he already be in he chair . dissolve to : ext . ( approach to the needle monument ) - a broad canyon - full shot - day a small pack train ( nine or ten horse , six or seven man ) wind through a canyon behind which we can see huge needle of rock : majestic , savage country . at the head of the column ride ethan , emilio , and Martin . behind they come emilio 's cargadore -- lean , hard - bitten wiry little mexican . one lead a handsome palomino . the SOUND of the castanet echoes in the musical theme . ext . canyon - mo . shot - head of column - moving - day ethan be look around with grim interest . ethan Medicine country , huh ? emilio ( slight smile ) Medicine so strong they believe the feather of a eagle find here can guard a man against bullet ... martin ( look ahead ) if you get one handy , now 's the time ... ethan and emilio both look in the direction of he glance . ext . canyon - full shot - reverse angle - from behind rider - day they be turn a bend and now , ahead , we see a cordon of comanch -- all armed , all quiet , all very menace as they watch the approach column . emilio call a greeting in comanche . it get no answer . ext . canyon - moving shot - the comanche face - day the camera pick up the face in turn , as from the white man 's viewpoint , as they ride slowly by . ext . comanche encampment - full shot - day one tepee stand apart from the other 's -- scar 's . Beyond it be other tepee , the gather of brave and some squaw , the drying rack for meat , etc . emilio lead the way toward the central tepee . they dismount nearby and emilio incline he head toward the one tepee . ethan and Martin brace themselves and wait . the flap of the tepee be close . martin ( gruffly ) what be we wait for ? emilio caution he with a hand gesture . ext . the tepee - mo . close shot - day the flap be thrust aside and scar step out -- the same comanche we have see at the grave when Debbie be capture . he stand tall , arrogant , eyeing the white man with hard , implacable eye . he have a robe gather about he . across he face be a scar . emilio' voice senore ! this be cicatriz ! ext . indian encampment - close shot - ethan and martin - day the white men' eye be as hard as the comanche 's : this be the man they have long seek , the killer , the raper . they can not mask the hatred they feel . ethan ( slowly ... at last ) scar ... it 's plain to see where you get you name . scar 's hand move to the scar on he face , and a finger run along it . scar you name - Big shoulder ... his name - he who follow . ethan you speak pretty good american for a comanche ... someone teach you ? it be a lead question and scar know it . he look long at ethan and the suggestion of a smile touch he lip . but he make no direct answer . he look instead to emilio . scar ( in comanche ) ah-we pabbo-tie - bo ee-kee-tay ? ( why do you bring the gringos here ? ) emilio ( a shrug -- in comanche ) pabbo-tie - bo kim te-moo-er . ( the gringos want to trade . ) ethan that 's right ... we come to trade ... only not out here ... ( with sign language accompaniment ) I do not stand talkin ' in the wind . emilio quickly turn and call to one of he man . emilio be worried . emilio ( sharply ) miguel ... caballo -- aca ! one of the mexican come on the trot , lead in the palomino . emilio make a gesture -- give it to scar . emilio co-bay tabitz-chat. ( meaning ) ( very fine horse . ) scar look at it greedily , then nod . he will accept it . he look at ethan . again that faintly contemptuous smile . he signal they to enter he tepee . ethan ( to Martin ) stay out here . martin not likely . he follow ethan into the tepee ... and a worried emilio go along . int . the tepee - full shot a small fire burn in the center of the lodge and a shaft of sunlight strike in from the smoke flap at the peak . two chunky squaw , who have be tend the fire or grind corn in a rock pestle , scuttle to a side of the tepee . two other , one half - grow and the other slightly taller , sit with they back to the fire , huddle over some leather work or stitching . both be shawle . as scar enter , he bark a word to the squaw near the fire . scar pie-kay ! ( clear out ! ) ( then he turn to the white man ) ih - card ! ( sit ! ) he sit on some robe , sign for they to sit opposite . slowly they look around they . int . the tepee - reverse angle - as from there viewpoint - tte two older squaw they be sit with head avert , slightly profile -- but clearly indian woman , broad - face , dark of hair and skin . emilio' voice his son be dead ... so he wife sit on the honor side of he lodge . int . the tepee - angling past ethan toward the two young one ethan ( glance at they ) be that he wife too ? one of the squaw turn -- and even in the shadow we see it be another indian face . the other do not turn . scar lean in , block the view . scar two son -- kill by white man ... for each son , I take many scalp ... ( in comanche ) mayah - kay zee -eh !... ( bring the lance ! ) the slightly smaller of the young squaw stiffen but do not move . scar glare . scar ( louder ) mayah -kay zee -eh ! the girl get to she foot . ethan and Martin watch as , still with avert face , she cross to where a lance hang from the tepee wall . it have several scalp on it , include one with light red hair . slowly she carry it back . scar never take he eye from the face of the white man , savore every moment of it . the girl extend the lance between they , so that it be like a bare blade separate two duelist . neither ethan nor Martin dare at first look at more than the scalp pole ... then slowly they eye lift ... and the camera move in and raise to : int . the tepee - extreme close shot - debbie as the shawl slip back to reveal she light hair , the slant green eye look at they from a tan , but still white and very beautiful face . ( note to music : the search theme should cover all the forego action -- but at the first clear view of debbie , it end dramatically . ) Debbie 's eye hold theirs -- and then scar 's voice be hear : scar ( in comanche ) pie-kay ! ( go ! ) swiftly she straighten , take away the scalp pole and go back to she former place . int . the tepee - mo . close shot - the group as before scar be watch the white man like a hawk . Martin 's eye be wide and he breathe seem suspend . but ethan be play it like a poker player . ethan ( he voice control ) I have see scalp before ... scar 's eye be mock . he let he robe slip back from he shoulder , revealing a bare bronze chest on which -- glint in the reflect firelight -- be the medallion that ethan have give Debbie . it be suspend by a chain or rawhide string . scar touch it . scar this before ? ethan smile -- and he 's still play poker . he stand ... and the other follow . scar be puzzle . ethan ( to emilio ) I come to trade , not to admire he collection ... tell he we be go to pitch camp across the crick ... maybe we can talk trade tomorrow . scar have not understand all of it . he scowl and look at emilio . scar ( in comanche ) ee-sap ! pabbo-tie - bo ee-sap ! ( he lie ! the gringo lie ! ) emilio ( placatingly ) tomorrow -- manana -- ' puetze . ' scar look at ethan and at Martin . he smile slightly , and he nod he agreement . scar puetze ! Martin and ethan turn to go . only then do Debbie look swiftly at they and as swiftly away . Martin can not help but pause , but ethan prod he toward the tepee flap . ext . the tepee - mo . close shot - moving - the three men they emerge from the tepee and begin to walk away -- not fast , not slow , and without a side glance . scar emerge and look after they -- glower . a few other comanch begin to gather near he tepee . emilio ( urgently ) walk with dignity ! ( after a moment ; lip hardly move ) if you gringo heretics have any prayer , say they ... martin ( transfigure ) she 's alive ... can you believe it , she 's alive ... alive ... a ' we find she ... emilio ( fervently ) please !... I , too , be alive ... I wish to stay that way . they reach the wait cargadore and the pack train , surround by suspicious comanch . emilio ( to he man ) vamanos ! they mount and ride out . wipe to : ext . sand dune near needle ( monument ) - full shot - late afternoon emilio be stand near he horse , talk to ethan and Martin . emilio you understand , senore ... it be not that I be cobarde ... cowardly ... ethan do not apologize ... you do you job ... emilio nod and mount . emilio he know you -- who you be -- and why you be here ... this I do not understand ... or I would not ... even for gold , senore ... have lead you here . he fumble for a pouch , hold it out to ethan . emilio take it . I do not want blood money . vaya con dios ! he dig spur and ride out . ethan turn and look soberly at Martin . we hear the rest of the rider move away . ethan and Martin cross the sand and go down slope toward the creek where they horse be wait . 174 - a ext . sand creek ( monument ) - full shot - the two - day martin you figger scar mean to kill we ? ethan he 's get to ... all this year , runnin ' , dodgin ' , knowin ' we be after he ... now we catch up ... it 's he or we . martin why do not he make he move back there ? ethan I do not know ... somethin ' tie he hand ... maybe hospitality ... he break and both wheel as sand slide from the top of the dune . they look up . 174 - B ext . sand dune - day Debbie be silhouett atop the dune , look down at they . martin ( barely breathe the name ) Debbie ...? she slide down the dune to stand across the creek from they . 174-c ext . sand creek - full shot - the three - day her hand caution they to silence and against come any closer . debbie ( in comanche ) unnt-meah ! ( go away ! ) both man move closer . she take a frighten step back , as if to run . martin Debbie ... do not you remember I ? I be Martin . she hesitates . she look long at he . debbie ( in comanche ) unnt-meah ! martin ( softly ) we be not goin ' ! we be not goin ' without you , Debbie ... ethan , get the horse ... I will try to keep she talkin' ... ethan ( harshly ) how ? she 's even forget she own language ! martin Debbie , you be comin ' with we ! hear I ? debbie no ... not now ... not ever . this have be she first word in English ... and they bring new hope to Martin . martin I do not care what they have do to you ... what happen ... debbie ( angrily ) they have do ... nothing ... they be my people ... ethan you people ? they murder you family ! debbie ( reverting to comanche ) ee-sap ! ( furiously ) White man kill they - to steal cow ! I be ... little ... I run away ... they find I ... take care of I . martin no Debbie ! that be not what happen ! they be lyin ' to you ... debbie you lie ! all white man lie ... and kill ... martin Debbie , think back ! I be Martin ... remember ? remember how I use to let you ride my horse ? tell you storey ? do not you remember I , Debbie ? debbie I remember ... from always ... at first I pray to you ... come and get I ... take I home ... you do not come ... martin I have come now ... debbie this be my people ... ( in comanche ) unnt-meah ! go! go! please ! ethan ( grimly ) stand aside , boy ... Martin turn as ethan slowly reach for he gun . it take Martin a moment to realize what he be about to do . martin ethan -- no ! he move quickly then to put himself between ethan and the girl and in that instant there be the crack of a rifle . ethan be hit in the leg . it go out from under he . Martin swing and he gun be out and fire . 174 - D ext . sand creek - full shot - including the dune - day a mount comanche be on the crest of the dune above they -- rifle raise . Martin 's first shot bring he down the dune in a spectacular horse - and - man fall . Debbie go run like a deer up the creek , away from Martin ; in the same instant we hear the angry yell of distant comanch charge from the far leave . Martin turn to see Debbie run away . martin Debbie ! wait ! ethan be on he foot now and limping frantically toward they horse . he shove Martin ahead of he . ethan ( angrily ) never mind she ! move ! they mount and take off , just as the vanguard of the attack comanch swing around a point of rock and come charge toward the creek . ext . desert country - wide angle - late afternoon as ethan and Martin race they horse from the creek area and down a long incline , as -- from the height above -- a dozen or more comanch , lead by scar , come tear after they . 175 - a ext . desert country - mo . close shot - ethan - moving - day ethan be sway in he saddle , just barely hang on , as Martin race up behind he -- drive ethan 's horse along . they swing past a huge outcrop of rock and go tear along a vaulting wall of stone . they hoofbeat and that of the pursuer bounce and echo off the canyon wall , and bullet whine and ricochet . 175 - B ext . canyon country - full moving shot - ethan and martin - day they swing around giant boulder , up - end like pancake . ethan be lurching almost out of the saddle , barely conscious . Martin spot the cave -- ahead -- and drive he mount and ethan 's toward it . 175 - C ext . the cave ( monument ) - full shot - the two - day Martin pull he horse in and swing off just as ethan slide from he saddle . he run toward one of the huge boulder , crouch and start fire . 175 - D ext . canyon country - wide angle on the comanch - day the comanch be spread out but come on fast . one go down under Martin 's fire .... another be hit in the arm . he pull up and the other comanch wheel away from the hide marksman . 175 - E ext . the cave - full shot - martin and ethan Martin run back from he fire post toward where ethan have fall . ethan ( angrily ) go on ! get out of here while you can ... martin ( point to the cave ) over there ! ethan turn and see what he mean . he start drag himself to the cave as Martin grab the rifle from they saddle scabbard , yank off the water canteen and then drive they horse away . then he too run for the shelter of the cave . 175 - F ext . the canyon - angling from behind martin and ethan both man be crouching , rifle ready . in the distance we see they horse run off -- pursue by some yell comanch . four or six other come into sight , head for the cave -- move cautiously , uncertainly -- not see they quarry . then the white man open fire and the comanch bend low over they horse ' neck and clear out of there . ethan look grimly at Martin . ethan they will be back ... martin we will not be here ... come on ! he get a arm under ethan and haul he to he foot . dissolve to : 175 - G ext . the gap in the cliff - panning shot - sunset camera pan from the top of the rock chimney to where Martin be snake he way through , carry newly - fill water canteen . he stand there , listen and look back the way he have come ; and then , satisfied there have be no pursuit , he continue away . omitted int . the cave - mo . shot - ethan - half -light ethan be lie on the hard earth , perhaps cushion with some bough . he be half delirious . a small fire be burn . Martin enter carry the canteen . he look unsympathetically toward ethan , then continue to the fire , take a knife and start to sterilize it . ethan gasp , mumble and then a word come clear . ethan martha ... martha ! Martin stare at he -- and now , perhaps for the first time , he be fitting piece into the jig-saw puzzle . he shift closer to ethan and we see he be prepare to dig out the bullet . ethan open he eye and look at he . martin I gotta open that leg and let the poison out ... he poise the knife . ethan wait ... he fumble in he shirt pocket , bring out a greasy fold piece of paper . ethan just in case ... read it . Martin set the knife down , take the paper , open it and slowly read : martin ' I , ethan Edwards , be of sound mind and without any blood kin , do hereby bequeath all my property of any kind to Martin pauley ...' ( he stare , then ) I do not want you property .... ' side , what do you mean no ' blood kin ? ' Debbie 's you blood kin ... ethan not no more . martin ( angrily ) you can keep you will ! ( he thrust it back into ethan 's shirt ) I be not forgettin ' you be all set to shoot she yourself ... what kind o' man be you , anyway . ethan ( sit up -- eye blaze ) she 's be with the buck ! she 's nothin ' now but a ... Martin shove he back onto the ground . martin ( a shout ) shut you dirty mouth ! he get to he foot , tremble , and stand look down at ethan , he fist clench at he side and murder in he eye . then he eye rove to the knife lie on the blanket . he pick it up and he look again at the wounded man . martin ( slowly ) I hope you die ! and he kneel again to open the wound . dissolve to : ext . desert country - full shot - ethan and martin - day Martin be haul a improvise travois over the ground in which , lash by vine and some clothing , be the unconscious figure of ethan . close shot - moving - martin - day eye shadow , whiskered , draw -- he be a implacable figure as he drag the weary mile home . he hear a groan from ethan o.s . he barely let he eye drift to the sound . he do not stop . close shot - moving - ethan in the travois - day we see he be delirious , lip parched , strapped to the pole . the travois jolt over the ground . as he pass out of frame , the camera hold on the mark of the travois pole scraping across the desert . fade out omitted fade in int . jorgensen keeping room - full shot - night a party be in progress . fiddler and banjo-player be play a lively square dance for one or two set of dancer -- rancher , they wife and daughter . Laurie be not in evidence . at the far end of the room be a table with a punch bowl set up and a cluster of man and woman about . jorgensen be at the door boisterously welcoming some new arrival . lead they into the room be Captain the reverend Sam Clayton , with a bulky oil - skin package under he arm . with he be Charlie maccorry , dress in he best black suit and scrubbed until he look raw . behind they come three or four other competent - look man -- ranger all of they . jorgensen ( shouting ) they be here , mama ... come in , come in ... int . jorgensen home - full shot - favoring group at door Clayton wait for Charlie to come abreast , then hit he on the back and drive he inside . clayton here he be , lar ... combe , curry and wash behind the ear ! Mrs. jorgensen hurry over , beam , to admire Charlie . mrs . jorgensen why , Charlie , you look real handsome ! charlie ( grin ) yes be ... scarcely reck'nize myself ... where 's Laurie ? Mrs. jorgensen smile and playfully push he toward the guest . mrs . jorgensen you will see she soon enough ... Clayton -- and the other ranger -- have be hang gunbelt on peg along the wall . now he shake out he parcel -- disclose a green-black frock coat . clayton ( nodd to the music ) say , that music sound so good it must be sinful ... mrs . jorgensen grab a partner , reverend ! clayton well , now , a man of my age just can not haul off and dance in cold blood ... but if there 's any of that wild cherry brandy of yours , lar ... jorgensen ( suddenly sober ) nooo ... ( change of heart ) yah , by golly ... one jug leave ... I get it ! Mrs. jorgensen glare as he head out . mrs . jorgensen last winter that man swore up and down there be not a drop leave -- and I with pneumoney !... reverend , you would better start clergyin ' again ! ext . jorgensen home - full shot - night horse , wagon fill the yard . we can hear the lively music of the square dance . as jorgensen open the door and set out toward the barn , a batter dusty trap drive in -- and on it be Martin and ethan . jorgensen at first do not recognize they . jorgensen ( hail they ) hi !... you be late ... hurry ... and then he see who they be , and he jaw drop . jorgensen ( stare ) ethan ... martie ... no , do not get down ! ... you can not come in ! they stare at he . jorgensen the ranger be here ! he say it as though that explain everything . ethan what 's that get to do with we ? martin ( eyeing the house ) what 's goin ' on ? jorgensen ( who 's forget they would not know ) why , my Laurie 's get marry ... Martin throw the rein aside and jump out . jorgensen grab he arm . jorgensen wait ! do not you hear I ! the ranger ... martin so what ? jorgensen you be post for murder ... both of you ... that trader fella , the late mister futterman ... Martin try to break free . martin I gotta see Laurie ! jorgensen ( desperately ) go around the side ... the grandmother 's room ... I will tell she ... please ! martin you better ! he head around the side . ethan meanwhile have climb stiffly down , slightly favor he leg . jorgensen Quick ... hide in the barn , ethan ... ethan hide ? why would I ? he brushes past the little man and head for the door . int . the jorgensen house - angling from behind ethan as he enter , with jorgensen at he heel . for a moment , as he stand there , the party breeze on . then first one , then another see he . they gape , and the music falter and stop . Sam Clayton cross to confront he across the width of the room . jorgensen try to be the easy , smile host -- and make a very bad job of it . jorgensen look everybody ... look who 's ... he can not even finish it but stand there make flap gesture . int . jorgensen room - full shot - ethan and SAM -- other gape . during the open line , jorgensen will covertly back toward the door to the inner room -- Laurie 's room . ethan ( to all ) evenin ' ... evenin' reverend ... or do I call you ' Captain ' ...? clayton come here for a wedding , ethan ... until that 's over , I reckon ' reverend ' will do ... mrs . jorgensen ( come forward ) and news of we little girl , ethan ? his face contort and he smile be twisted . ethan she 's not a little girl any more . mrs . jorgensen ( eye wide ) you have see she !... she 's alive ? ethan I have see she ... and she 's alive . Mrs. jorgensen throw herself against he chest , sobbing . ethan look past she at Clayton . and the face of both man be grim . CUT to : int . the grandmother room - full shot the room be dark . Martin be pace , eye constantly turn to the inside door . and then it open and Laurie be inside , hold a lamp . she be in she bridal gown and very obviously try to keep from betray the stress she be under . laurie ( quietly ) hello , martie .... he just stare at she -- very lovely , strangely remote . he suddenly be conscious of he dirty hand , he dusty , wear clothing . martin I ... I write you a letter ... reckon you do not get it ... laurie ( set the lamp down ) one letter in five year ... I read it till the paper dry up and the write fade out ... martin it be not much of a letter ... laurie no , it be not ... you mighta say you love I ... you mighta ask I to wait ... at least that would have be something ... martin but I allus love you ... you know that , without my sayin ' it ... I could not bring myself to ask you to wait ... the little I have ... not knowin ' how much longer until we find Debbie ... laurie ( break ) it be not fair ... she sink onto the bench . laurie ( sobbing ) it be not fair , Martin pauley , and you know it ! she begin to cry , very softly . he be beside she and he arm go around she shoulder comfortingly . martin do not cry , Laurie ... I understand how it be ... I will just go ' way ... laurie ( spin on he ) you do and I will die , martie ... I will ! I will just die ! and they be kissing through she tear when the outer door be flung open by Charlie maccorry . they part as he glare . charlie I will thank you to leave the room , Laurie . Martin stare at he , then at she . martin ( incredulous ) Charlie maccorry !... you be not fixin ' to marry he ?? charlie she sure be !... a ' do not think you comin ' back be goin ' to change it ! martin as to that , I do not know , Charlie ... we have not get around to talkin ' marriage ... charlie what right you get to be talkin ' marriage to any decent woman ... martin ( angrily ) if you be talkin ' about that crazy murder charge ... charlie and other thing ... mebbe you think you be gettin ' away with be comical about that indian wife you take ... I bet she be not the first squaw you ... Martin swing wildly but Charlie be a wily fighter . he side - step and chop Martin in the jaw and drive he against the wall . Laurie run between they . laurie stop it ! both of you ... I will not have any fight in this house . Martin gently brushes she aside . martin it 's all right ... Charlie , let 's move outside . charlie I be not wear no gun . Martin nod and unbuckle he gunbelt . the man head outside as Laurie run to get help . ext . the jorgensen home - breezeway Charlie wait assuredly as Martin follow he outside . Martin make a wild run , swing . the blow be neatly guard by Charlie 's leave and counter with a crisp right that put Martin down . Martin get to he foot , more cautiously this time , and come in at a crouch ; he 's fight like a indian , not a white man . the man from the wedding party come out now at a run . clayton ( yell ) sergeant maccorry ! Charlie turn slightly and in that instant Martin spring and drive a straight right at he face -- almost as though there be a knife in the hand . maccorry stumble back into Clayton 's arm . clayton be this in the line of duty , sergeant ? charlie ( regain he balance ) no sir ... pleasure . clayton in that case , give the boy room ... Martin wait at a crouch as Charlie come in , feint he right and cross he leave . it be a hard blow but Martin recover and wait ... Charlie circle and start to repeat . he feint he right but this time Martin spring in , duck and -- as the leave shoot out -- he grab the wrist and throw Charlie over he head . what we be look at , in effect , be a wrestler against a boxer . clayton fight fair , son ... use you fist ! ethan ( drily ) comanch do not use they fist , reverend ... let them alone ... Charlie be on he foot and warily start circle -- now try to imitate Martin 's crouch . suddenly Martin feint a right swing and connect with a solid leave -- reversing the order of business . Charlie stagger and Martin follow up with a wrestle hold , leaping behind Charlie , lock both leg around he and drive he arm upward behind he back so that he face be in the dirt and so he could -- under other circumstance -- be neatly and expeditiously scalp . with the hand lock , Martin then calmly draw a knife . he look innocently into the aghast face of the crowd . martin could scalp he ... but I will just count coup ! with that he release the paralyze arm just long enough to grab a lock of Charlie 's hair and neatly snip it off . he stand then and laugh as Charlie lamely get to he foot -- ease the torture arm . Clayton go to Charlie 's side . Laurie move to Martin 's side . clayton you all right , sergeant ? charlie dunno ... seem so . clayton well , go get clean up and we will proceed with the weddin' ... Charlie frown and look off at where Laurie and Martin be stand . charlie ai not goin ' to be any weddin ' -- not till we get a few thing clear up ' round here ... he walk rather unsteadily away leave a thunderstruck assembly , murmurous with surprise . wipe to : int . jorgensen keeping room - later that night the last of the wedding guest be leave : Ed nesby carry he bull fiddle and with he wife and daughter and two smaller child precede he out the door . the jorgensen stand by -- try to put a good face on the wedding debacle . Charlie maccorry be sit dejectedly , study a spot on the floor . ethan be at the mantel . Laurie be in she room -- presumably change out of she wedding gown . Martin be at a sink , bathing a cut on he lip . Clayton , still in he clerical coat , be near the door . nesby ( a grin ) well ... it be a nice weddin ' party ... considerin ' no one get marry ... ' night . jorgensen good night , Ed ... Mrs. jorgensen put she handkerchief to she eye -- let down now that the guest have go . jorgensen cross to she , pat she sympathetically . jorgensen now , mamma !... he lead she away . Clayton face ethan . clayton I get to ask you and Martin to ride to the State Capitol with I , ethan . ethan this a invite to a necktie party , reverend ? clayton Captain ... nope , would not say that ... likely you have you reason for killin' futterman ... probably need killin' ... I be speak as a ranger now , not as a reverend ... fact that all three be shot in the back be the only thing that 's raise some question -- that and a missin ' gold piece know to have be on he just prior to he demise . ethan casually reach into he pocket , take out a gold coin and spin it . ethan ( casually ) that so ? Martin cross to confront Clayton . martin I be not goin ' to Austin , reverend . Charlie get to he foot and he have he gun in he hand . charlie you be goin ' if the captain say you be goin ' ... clayton now , now ... let 's not grow disputatious ... fast hoofbeat sound o.s. -- signal the approach of a four-man cavalry detail . clayton ( turn ) what 's that ? more company ? he and jorgensen head for the door . clayton kinda late get here , be not they ? a voice hail from outside . lieutenant's voice hello there ! Captain Clayton ? int . - ext . jorgensen house - angle at door - night Clayton stand in the open doorway , jorgensen behind he , look out . drawn up outside be the four-man cavalry detail , lead by a young and very crisp lieutenant . we may or may not see the sixth man , slouched over he horse . the Lieutenant swing off and cross . lieutenant be Captain Clayton here , reverend ? clayton I be Clayton . the Lieutenant gape at Clayton 's ministerial coat . lieutenant ( doubtfully ) you be Captain Clayton ?... ethan chuckle , to Clayton 's very obvious annoyance . lieutenant ( recover , he salute ) Colonel greenhill 's compliment , sir . the Colonel wish to know how soon you could put a company of ranger in the field , fully armed and ... clayton hold on , son ... who 's this Colonel greenhill you be talk about ? lieutenant why Colonel greenhill be Colonel greenhill , sir ... command Officer , fifth U.S. cavalry ... I be Lieutenant greenhill , sir . clayton oh ... now what 's this you pa want to know ? lieutenant my pa want to know ... Colonel greenhill want to know how soon you could put a company of you ranger in the field , fully armed and equip , for joint punitive action against the comanch . clayton joint action ? lieutenant yes sir ... we have receive information about a band of comanch under a chief name scar ... ethan what information ? lieutenant that maybe he 's not far from here -- hole up somewhere , wait he chance to get back over the border ... he raid north about a month ago ... run into more army than he bargain for ... now he 's run for cover , for keep this time ... clayton and what make you think he 's in this territory ? lieutenant yesterday , one of we patrol pick up a man claim he be a prisoner with scar till only two day ago ... he talk crazy but I bring he along ... say he life here ... keep mention a rock chair . ethan ( half to himself ) mose ... and then he be stride to the door , call it : ethan mose ! mose's voice ay-he ?... ay -eh ?... and the old man totter in , half - support by a trooper -- hollow - eye , weak , almost delirious . mose come f'r my rockin ' chai ' ... ole mose . ethan ( shouting it ) where 's scar , mose ... scar ? martin ask he about Debbie !... be she all right , mose ? mose my rockin ' chai ' ... mrs . jorgensen ( bustling over ) leave the poor man be ! can not you see he 's out of he mind ... she try to lead he away , but ethan shove she aside and grip the old man by he arm . ethan mose ... try to remember !... you be in scar 's camp ... mose ay-he ... make out I be crazy ... ( he giggle foolishly ) ate dirt ... chew grass ... I fool them , ethan !... a ' I get away ... ethan scar ! where 's he hole in ? mose Seven finger ... ay - he ... Seven ... he stagger and this time Mrs. jorgensen will not be deny . mrs . jorgensen now that 's enough ! here ... by the fire ... what you need 's a good bowl of soup ... she lead he away , at last to he rocker by the fire . during this , ethan and Clayton have be mull mose 's answer . ethan ( blankly ) Seven finger ? lieutenant that 's what he tell we ... but there 's no such place on the map . martin wait a minute ! be not that the caddo name for where all that canyon branch on the malapai ? mose ( from he rocker ) caddo or kiowa ... ay -he ... ay-eh ... Sam Clayton wheel on the Lieutenant . clayton you tell you pa a company of ranger -- all fourteen of them -- fully armed a ' equip will be in the field by daylight ... headin ' for the south end of the malapai . if he can catch up with we , well a ' good ... lieutenant but ... but captain , we can not possibly take the field tomorrow ... for you own protection ... clayton sonny , yonder 's a passel of murderer , complete with texican scalp a ' white girl captive ... you want to protect we , you just get out of we way ... now skedaddle ! the lieutenant skedaddle . Sam whirl on Martin and ethan . clayton ethan , you an' Martin be hereby appoint civilian scout -- without pay ... Charlie , hightail it to headquarters a ' spread the word ... charlie yes sir ... he leave . Martin 's hand go to he side -- recalling where he leave he gun . martin my gun ... he head for the inner door to the grandmother room . int . the grandmother room - full shot as Martin enter and cross to where he have drop he gunbelt . even before he reach it , Laurie be in the room -- close the door after she . laurie martie ... do not go ! not this time . martin ( stare ) you crazy ? laurie it 's too late ... she 's a woman grow now ... martin I get to fetch she home ... laurie fetch what home ?... the leavin' of comanche buck -- sell time a ' again to the high bidder ?... with savage brat of she own , most like ?... martin ( shouting it ) Laurie ! shut you mouth ! laurie do you know what ethan will do if he have a chance ?... he will put a bullet in she brain ! and I tell you martha would want he to ! martin only if I be dead ! he stride out past she . int . the keeping room - full shot as Martin re-enter . ethan and Sam be wait . Martin look hard at ethan . clayton you ready ? martin ( eye never leave ethan 's face ) I be ready . as they stride out , CUT to : 204 - a int . jorgensen house - grandmother room - close shot - laurie - night as she stand at the window , in she bridal gown , and sadly watch Martin again go away . softly the score reprise -- sadly now -- " skip to my Lou . " dissolve to : ext . mesa country - long shot - the rangers - dawn light a file of eighteen man and horse -- ranger -- be walk under the shoulder of a mesa , keep well below the skyline . full shot - the file of rangers - dawn light they pass camera one by one -- Sam Clayton in the lead , Martin behind he lead two horse , then the other -- grim - look , capable man of vary age ; some with long droop mustaches , some in need of shave , some chawing tobacco . close shot - ethan - at rim of a mesa - dawn light he be lie prone , he hat off , squinting down into a long reach of desert canyon at the comanche encampment -- with tepee set up , a thin wisp of smoke rise from a fire , the horse herd pen in a draw cut off by a improvise corral of rawhide rope . ext . the comanche encampment - wide angle shot - dawn light the camp be sleep . a dog yap shrilly . one of the tepee flap open and scar step out . he pick up a stone or a chunk of wood and throw it . the dog yelp and run off . scar 's air be troubled , suspicious . he head for the horse herd . the camp sleep on . close shot - ethan - at rim of a mesa - dawn light his face betray a bitter inner satisfaction . he look back along the trail as faintly we hear the approach of the Ranger company . then he squirm back , retrieve he hat . full shot - head of ranger column - dawn light Sam , see ethan in the near distance , raise he hand in a signal for halt and wait . ethan scramble down the trail to join he . he take the rein of he horse from Martin . ethan we can get within 500 yard ... there 's a hogback to the south . clayton how many , would you say ? ethan ( drily ) enough to go around ... I would say about a dozen apiece ... mount them up ! he move as though to mount , but Martin step forward . martin wait ! we go chargin ' in , they will kill she ... and you know it . ethan ( calmly ) it 's what I be countin ' on . Sam stare at he , but Martin be not surprised . martin I know you be ... only it be not goin ' to be that way ... she 's alive ... ethan livin ' with comanch be not bein ' alive ... martin ( same tone ) she 's alive ... better she 's alive and livin ' with comanch than she brain bashed out ... clayton now son , it 's a bitter thing to say , but there 's more than you sister at stake here . ethan there sure be ! I be go to tell you something ' ... I be not go to speak of it ... but I will tell you now . do you notice they scalp strung on scar 's lance ? ( martin nods ) do you see the third scalp from the point of the lance ? Long ... wavy hair ... martin I see it ... and do not try to tell I it be aunt martha 's or Lucy 's ... ethan you do not remember it , but I remember . that be you mother 's scalp ! Martin stare , quick disbelief in he eye . but ethan 's eye hold he and there be no doubting the truth in they . ethan I do not want to tell you ... but maybe it 's you right to know . clayton ( quietly ) now mount up , son ... Sam put he hand on Martin 's elbow -- as though to turn he to he duty . but Martin jerk the arm away . martin it do not change it ... all I be askin ' be a chance to sneak in there ... a ' try to get she out before you come chargin ' in . clayton what if you be catch ? martin it will not tell them anything , will it ! just a man alone ... ethan I say no ! clayton go ahead , son ... but at the first alarm , we be comin ' in -- and we be not goin ' to have time to pick and choose we target when we do ... ethan look long and hard at Martin , then reach into he shirt for the fold , dirty , dog - ear paper that be he will . slowly he tear it into shred . ethan it 's you funeral ... Martin squat and start pull off he boot . he glance up as Charlie maccorry come over , a indian blanket in he hand . he toss it onto Martin 's shoulder . charlie here ... you fight like a comanch ... maybe this will help ya pass as one . then he grin and extend he hand . Martin take it -- and they shake as Charlie pull he to he foot . Martin drop he hat , and then -- at a crouching run -- he head for the distant comanche camp . full shot - from behind clayton and ethan , toward martin as he run downslope under the shelter of the hogback toward the unseen camp . Clayton wave a arm at he man and start lead out -- in a somewhat different direction . full shot - the rangers , favoring clayton and ethan they be lead they horse down the slope , still under the lee of the butte , when two rider be see approach at a fast gallop -- Lt. greenhill and he courier . ( the latter be a bugler ) . clayton what in ...? greenhill ( call -- still distant ) Captain Clayton ... Captain ! Sam whip off he hat and make frantic signal to greenhill to shut up . greenhill pull to a canter , puzzle , and ride in . clayton ( explode ) go on ! why not you have you bugler sound the charge while you be at it ?? greenhill ( blankly ) Sir ? clayton never mind ... you pa know you be out here ? greenhill yes , sir ... troop 's about ten mile back ... the Colonel send I look for you ... clayton ( dismiss he ) well you find I ... good work , son ... good work . he start away . greenhill follow . greenhill if there 's anything I can do , sir ... clayton ( under he breath ) God forbid ... no , son , you flog on back and tell you pa where we be at ... and where he 's at ... greenhill but he know that , sir ... can not I stay , sir ? clayton ( reluctantly ) all right ... but keep you eye on I , boy ... I be the hard case you be up against here -- not this childish savage ... if you do not hear I first time I holler , you better read my mind ... I do not aim to raise no two holler on any subject at hand ... greenhill yes , sir ... he whip out he sabre -- to the imminent peril of Captain Sam who quickly shift out of the way . clayton watch that knife , boy ! then Sam continue away and the ranger after he . ext . outskirt of comanche camp - full shot - dawn light Martin run from behind camera and dodge behind a rock . the camp be still asleep , very quiet . Martin run out from behind the rock and make another short dash toward the camp , drop behind a pile of blanket or other impedimenta . a dog run out of one of the tepee , begin bark . ext . the horse herd - mo . close shot - scar he stand with another comanche -- inspect the horse line . in the near distance the dog 's bark be hear -- shrill , insistent . scar , almost like a animal , sniff the air suspiciously . the other comanche laugh . comanche tahbo . ( a rabbit . ) scar be not satisfied but return to he work . ext . the comanche camp - angle favoring scar' tepee past martin he be stare at it -- remember it from certain distinct decoration . the lower part of the tepee be roll up , for better air circulation . Martin wrap Charlie 's blanket around he and begin walk to the tepee . ext . the lee of the hogback or rise - full shot - the rangers the line be draw up , dismounted , the man check they sidearm , tightening cinch , etc . Sam move briskly along the line of man , then mount he horse . clayton the State of Texas be payin ' you boy $ 12 a month . here 's you chance to earn it ... now I do not want any foolin ' around after scalp . we be not get the time ... yankee cavalry 's on its way here to set that comanch free ... we gotta beat them to it -- we way ... now mount a ' guide center on young greenhill here . Son , you just follow I ... and watch that knife ! the last come as greenhill try to mount , simultaneously flail out he sabre perilously close to Clayton . ext . scar' tepee - mo . close shot - martin Martin have gain the tepee , take one quick look around , then stride in . int . scar' tepee as Martin enter . one robe , toss back , show where scar have sleep . against one wall lie the huddle figure of two squaw . two other figure -- one be Debbie 's -- sleep in robe . Martin 's eye go to scar 's place and then rove slowly and hold on : int . tepee - mo . close shot - debbie she move slightly so that the light strike she fair hair . Martin kneel close to she and gently touch she shoulder , to awaken she . her eye open , then widen in fear . Martin quickly clap a hand over he mouth . silently she fight he , try to pull the hand away . martin ( a hoarse whisper ) Debbie ... do not ! and then she fingernails rake he hand . he wince and let go . she scream and try to leap up . he grab she . the other squaw wake -- begin squawk . martin ( grimly ) I be takin ' you whether you want to or not ... Debbie see something beyond he . her eye widen . debbie ( a scream ) martin ! int . tepee - shoot from extreme low angle , as from her p.o.v . - scar he loom in the flap of the tepee much as he have over the grave when he first kidnap she . he have a scalping knife in he hand . scar whip he arm back . behind he we see the other comanche -- the one from the horse herd . int . tepee - full shot Martin spin and he gun be out . he fan the trigger hammer twice -- and both slug hit scar . as the other comanche leap in , Martin 's gun speak again . and then he be on he foot , catch Debbie by the arm -- unresist now -- and pull she after he through the camp . shout and cry bespeak the awaken of the camp . ext . the hogback - full shot - the ranger group they be mount and in line . the echo of a shot come bounce back . Clayton be face the man . he solemnly doff he hat and bow he head . clayton for this thy gift which we be about to receive ... ( don he hat , he turn to the bugler ) sound that horn , son , and leave we go amongst they ... ya- hee ! and shouting the rebel yell , he lead the charge . the yell be pick up by every man and the bugler sound the charge as though he have a regiment at he back . Lt. greenhill -- a West Point beau sabreur in strange company -- have he sabre at the " charge . " full moving shot - on the charge in the swamp of man and horse , we just have time to notice that Sam be darting a somewhat worried look at greenhill 's saber ominously close to he back . the charge be sounding , the hoof be drum and the man be yell the way they do when they ride with bedford forrest -- rein in they tooth , gun in they fist . ext . the encampment - full shot - as the rangers hit comanch be run from the tepee , try to reach they horse herd as the file of ranger knife in . the bark of hand gun be a steady sound now -- and the comanch have never be up against such marksman . one charge Ranger ride down a tepee . another , with two gun draw , score a run double on two Indians racing toward he from opposite side of he fast-runn horse . a dodging comanche scream as a barrel - chest roan hit he broadside and send he sprawling into the ember of the campfire . ext . scar' tepee - full shot - ethan he yank he horse back to its haunch , fire at a comanche crouch near the tepee . the charge race past he . ethan swing off and run to the tepee flap , whip it open and glare . a squaw come run out at he , knife upraise , but he knock she sprawling with a full arm sweep . he turn and he face be a mask of frustration -- and then he freeze , see what he have be look for : ext . the indian encampment - long shot - ethan be p.o.v. Martin be run with Debbie , try to pull she along , while she kick and claw and try to break free . ( they be about thirty yard from the camp proper . ) riderless horse be milling , circle . o.s. we can hear the fire , the yell . ext . scar' tepee - full shot ethan remount and head around the side of scar 's tepee . in the distance we see Martin and Debbie . the ranger , regroup , be charge back through the camp , drive the comanche horse herd . ext . OPEN country - mo . close shot - martin and debbie Martin hear ethan 's horse riding down at they ; he turn , and Debbie pull free and start to run away . martin no , ethan ! no ! he go run into the path of ethan 's horse . ext . OPEN country - moving shot - ethan as Martin run and grab hold of he stirrup , try to fight the horse to a stop . ethan swing on he -- once , twice -- and Martin be knock sprawling . ethan ride on , relentlessly . ext . OPEN country - full shot - debbie and ethan she be run and dodging , try to escape the horseman . ethan have he gun draw . she duck to one side and the horse go past . both figure be almost obscure in the dust . ethan spin he mount and charge after she . she run and then fall -- and he be off he horse and stride toward she . ext . OPEN country - ethan and debbie ethan be at the leave of camera and slightly closer to the foreground , with Debbie at the right , supine on the ground and the dust swirl around she . ethan draw and raise he gun . the hammer go back . ethan ( quietly ) I be sorry , girl ... shut you eye ... the dust clear . the camera move slightly forward along the gun arm and hold on Debbie 's face -- the eye gaze fearlessly , innocently into ethan 's . we hold for a long moment and then the gun lower . ethan slowly holster it and walk over to she . ext . OPEN country - close shot - ethan he look down at she . ethan ( softly ) you sure favor you mother ... ext . OPEN country - mo . close shot - the two he extend he hand to she . she take it and he help she to she foot . and then she be against he chest and he arm go protectingly about she . they be stand that way when Martin stumble up -- and stare . wipe to : 233 - a ext . comanche camp - wide angle - day the line of ranger be afoot now , each man near he horse , each man with rifle out , pump shot after shot at the fleeting remnant of comanch riding down the long valley with they scattered horse herd milling and criss-crossing in mid-ground ... and then as the fire slacken , from afar we can hear the blare of a cavalry bugle sounding the charge : sign of the approach of greenhill 's troop . dissolve to : ext . the indian encampment - full shot - favoring clayton it be perhaps half a hour later . Clayton be very grim of face and occasionally wince . his trousers be down over he ankle , he shirt - tail flap over he long - handle red underwear . behind he Charlie maccorry be kneel , apply some crude first aid to Sam 's rump . Beyond they some of the ranger be readying for the move-out . Sam look up angrily as colonel greenhill , a guidon bearer , and bugler ride in . greenhill be a choleric man . colonel Clayton , if you be in my command I would have you courtmartialed for this ! clayton ( angrily , to maccorry ) hurry it up ! colonel what 's the matter , sir ... you wounded ? what be it , sergeant -- a bullet or a arrow ? Charlie just gape , but Clayton -- grim-lipped -- bend a meaningful glare on someone off . greenhill look that way . ext . the indian encampment - close shot - lo. greenhill he be stand with he sabre at salute -- look as miserable as any shavetail would look when in disgrace . it could be that the end of the sabre have a pronounce bend . ext . the indian encampment - full shot - the group Sam suddenly slap maccorry 's hand away and grab for he pants and pull they up -- and around a tepee come three figure -- ethan , Debbie , and Martin -- with ethan hold Debbie 's hand . and Sam 's face be split by a grin as he tuck he shirt - tail in and go to meet they . dissolve to : ext . the jorgensen house - close shot - mose harper - afternoon he be in a rocker on the porch . suddenly he stare out and stop rock . faint in the distance , but come closer , the clop-clop of two horse , move at a walk . a moment later jorgensen emerge and come to stand beside mose , shading he eye and squinting against the sun , still not recognize the distant horseman . he be join by Mrs. jorgensen . and then Laurie come out and she too stare , frown at first , then with dawn realization . lar and Mrs. jorgensen also begin to guess ... to suspect ... and then to know . and Laurie start to run . close shot - moving with laurie the camera move ahead of she as she run blindly over the hard - pack ground , run as hard as she can toward the still unseen but near horseman . full shot - the group ethan have Debbie on the pommel of he saddle , he arm support she , and she be asleep . Martin be riding beside they . Laurie come run up to stare at ethan and at the girl . he smile and put a finger to he lip -- caution she against waking Debbie -- and then he ride by . Laurie look then at Martin . he do not know whether to smile or not ; he just wait . and then she be beside he and she step onto he stirrupe foot and vault up beside he , and she kiss he just as she have on the day he leave the grave to take up the search . and still hold she beside he , he ride slowly after ethan and Debbie toward the house . fade out the end