screenplay by : ANTHONY minghella ext . the sahara desert . late 1942 silence . the desert see from the air . a ocean of dune for mile after mile . the late sun turn the sand every colour from crimson to black and make the dune look like body press against each other . a old aeroplane be fly over the sahara . its shadow swim over the contour of sand . a woman 's voice begin to sing - szerelem , szerelem , she cry , in a haunt lament for she love one . inside the aeroplane be two figure . one , a woman , seem to be asleep . her pale head rest against the side of the cockpit . behind she the pilot , a man , wear goggle and a leather helmet . he be sing , too , but we can not hear he or the plane or anything save the singer 's plaintive voice . the plane shudder over a ridge . beneath it a sudden cluster of men and machine , camouflage net drape over the sprawl of gasoline tank and armoure vehicle . a officer , german , focuss he field glass . the glass pick out the marking on the plane . they be in English . a anti - aircraft gun swivel furiously . shock burst of gunfire . explosion rock the plane , which lurch violently . the fuel tank be puncture . it spray out gasoline , then erupt in flame engulf both figure in a fireball . int . train . italy 1944 . before dawn a allied hospital train plough through the night carry military wounded back to naple . a young french - canadian nurse , Hana , walk through a long carriage past row of the injure . she stop at the bunk of a wounded soldier . Hana bend to the boy . he 's have shrapnel in he leg and cheek . she speak softly to he . bana how be you ? boy okay . hana you leg will be fine . a lot of shrapnel come out - I save you the piece . boy you nre the prettiest girl I have ever see . continued hana ( she hear this every day ) I do not think so . boy would you kiss I ? hana no , I nil get you some tea . boy ( innocent ) it would mean such a lot to I . hana {tender , believe he ) would it ? she kiss he , very softly , on the lip . boy thank you . he close he eye . Hana smile , continue along the compartment . teasing voice call out after she . #1 injured man nurse - I can not sleep . #2 injured man would you kiss I ? #3 injured man you be so pretty ! hana ( good - naturedly wave away they joke ) very funny . go to sleep now . she open the door of the next carriage and walk straight into the carnage leave by a emergency operation . mary , another nurse , be remove a blood - soak bundle from the operate table . Mary grimace . mary do not ask . ext . the desert . day the pilot have be rescued by bedouin tribesmen . behind they the wreckage of the plane , still smoking , the Arabs pick over it . a silver thimble glint in the sun , be retrieve . another man come across a large leather - bound book and take it over to where the Pilot be be tend to . the Book be full of letter and card and painting . they be scatter everywhere . the Pilot be terribly burn , barely alive , he face char . one of the bedouin cover he face with a makeshift mask make from plait palm leave . ext . the desert . dusk the Pilot be be carry across the desert . the mask cover he face . his view of the world be through the slat of palm . he glimpsis camel , fierce low sun , the man who carry he . ext . emergency field hospital , 1944 . late day the emergency field hospital be a cluster of tent practically ahead of the Front line . sporadic gunfire , increasingly near , sound throughout . it 's 1944 and the war in Italy be still intense . int . MAIN triage tent . emergency field hospital . night Hana and she best friend , jan , walk through the main triage tent . it 's pack with the ruin body of the injure , swaddy in bloody bandage . int . triage tent , emergency field hospital . evening hana be giving blood . she lie in a cot , next to jan . the shelling sound closer . behind a curtain , oliver , a Doctor , be work on the most recent patient , a young canadian soldier who be critically ill - the tube hang above he , of plasma and of blood , he stomach a bloody mess . the curtain draw around he be pull back to reveal the two nurse in background . the soldier can just see they . he 's go to die any minute . canadian soldier ( whisper to Oliver ) be there anybody from picton ? oliver picton ? I do not know . canadian soldier I would like to see somebody from home before I go . Hana can only really hear Oliver 's end of this conversation , but the mention of picton chill she , and she know , now , not later , that she lover be dead . hana ( to Oliver ) why picton ? continued oliver he 's from there - edge of Lake Ontario , right , soldier ? the boy nod . jan ( innocent ) hey , that 's where you sweetie 's from ? somewhere near there , be not it ? hana ( to Oliver ) ask he what company he 's with ? Oliver lean over , then turn to Hana . oliver third canadian fusilier . hana do he know a Captain mcgann ? the boy hear this , whisper to Oliver . canadian soldier he buy it . yesterday . shot to bit . the shell be get closer . hana what do he say ? oliver ( can not look at she ) do not know he . a shell suddenly land on top of the site , perhaps fifty yard from the tent . the light go out . then another land . everybody be on the floor , struggle to get on a helmet . Hana lie down , the blood still leave she , she helmet on . Oliver be next to she in the mud . her heart be break . hana he 's go , he 's go , he 's go . oliver no . he 's = no . continued hana oh god. oh God . the shell pound they , incredibly loud , drown out she grief , but each explosion illuminate it for a moment . ext . a oasis . night . the SOUND of glass , of tiny chime . a music of glass . a arab head float in darkness , shimmer from the light of a fire . the image develop to reveal a man carry a large wooden yoke from which hang dozen of SMALL glass bottle , on different length of string and wire . he could be a angel . the man approach the litter which carry the Pilot . he 's still in the protective palm mask , wrap in blanket . the merchant doctor stand over the burn body and sink stick either side of he deep into the sand , then move away , free of the yoke , which balance in the support of the two crutch . then he slowly set about peel away the layer of oile cloth which protect the Pilot 's flesh . the merchant Doctor crouch in front of the curtain of bottle , then lean back to pluck , hardly look , certain bottle which he uncork and mix . he use this green-black paste to anoint the burn skin . all the while he be hum and chant . the bottle continue to jingle . ext . beach front , italy . late 1944 . day wound Soldiers walk with nurse along the beach ext . beach cabin , italy . late 1944 . day this convalescence hospital have be fashioned from a long row of bathing cabin on the coast , complete with campari umbrellas and metal table , at which be seat the bandage and the die and the comatose , stare out to sea or in slow , mute conversation . a british officer make note . he be talk to a wounded patient , whom we recognize as the burn Pilot . officer ( 0 /s ) name ? rank ? serial number ? the patient ( 0 /s ) no. sorry . I think I be a pilot . I be find near the wreckage of a plane at the beginning of the war . Hana walk up to the patient 's cabin . he be propped up with a view of the sea , which be interrupt by the british Officer . Hana have a blanket and a chart for the patient 's bed . she busy herself . continued officer can you remember where you be bear ? the patient be I be interrogate ? you should be try to trick I . or make I speak german , which I can , by the way . officer why ? be you german ? the patient no . officer how do you know you be not german if you do not remember anything ? the patient might I have a sip of water ? Hana pour hima glass of water . he notice she . the patient thank you . ( he sip ) I remember lot of thing . I remember a garden , plunging down to the sea - nothing between you and France . officer this be you garden ? the patient or my wife 's . officer then you be marry ? the patient I think so . although I believe that to be true of a number of Germans . look - ( make a small gap with he finger ) I have this much lung ... the rest of my organ be pack up - what could it possibly matter if I be tutankhamen ? I be a bit of toast , my friend - butter I and slip a poach egg on top . ext . italian hill road . day a convoy of twenty truck - Red Cross vehicle and some supply vehicle - snake along a bumpy hill road . the war in Italy be largely over and the ally be move up the country , the wounded and supply line slowly follow . ext . italian hill road . day a jeep pull out of the line and approach the Red Cross truck contain Hana and the patient . the horn blow and Hana look out to see it contain she friend jan . two young soldier sit up front , one drive , both grin . Jan signal for Hana 's attention . jan Hana ! Hana ! Hana ! there 's mean to be lace in the next village - the boy be go to take I . ( mischievously ) you do not have any money , do you ? just in case there 's silk . hana no ! jan Hana , I know you do . come on . oh , come on . ( to the soldier ) she 's a softy , she love I . Hana lean under the tarpaulin , hold some dollar . the two hand - hers and Jan 's - reach for each other as the vehicle bump along side by side . they laugh at the effort . Jan 's gold bracelet catch the sun and glint . jan ( get the money ) I love you . the Jeep accelerate away . Hana sigh to the patient . suddenly a explosion shatter the calm as the jeep run over a mine . the jeep be thrown into the air . the convoy halt and there 's chaos as soldier run back pull people out of the vehicle . Hana run the other way , toward the accident , until she be prevent from reach Jan 's mangle body by the consol arm of Oliver . ext . italian hill road . later - and there 's still chaos as two sapper ( bomb disposal squad ) work on the road ahead . one of they , a sikh , wear a turban . ext . italian hill road . day kip , the sikh lieutenant , and hardy , he sergeant , explore the road ahead of the becalm convoy , use saucer - like metal detector and headset . kip be young , lithe , contain , utterly focus as they inch along the debris-strewn road . he stiffen as he register metal . with a bayonet he carefully scrape at the mud-cake surface . something gleam . suddenly , a pair of feet walk across he vision as hana hurrie past , walk carelessly up the road . it 's so surreal that neither man register at first , and then kip be shouting . kip hey ! hey ! stop ! hey ! now hardy be shouting for she to stop . Hana look around . hardy do not move , stand absolutely still ! Hana stop . hardy gingerly follow she footstep . hardy ( as he approach ) good , that 's good , just stay still for I and then we will be fine . he arrive at Hana . then grab she . he would like to slap she face . hardy what be you do ? what the bloody heli do you think you be do ? by way of answer she look at the ground ahead of she foot . Jan 's bracelet lie in the mud . hardy bend down and collect the mangle bracelet , press it into Hana 's hand . ext . village . dusk the convoy be thread through a ruined village , pass the souvenir of war : a overturn vehicle now use as a game by some child , deject refugee tramping along the side of the road . int . red cross truck . continuous Hana see all this as she sit blankly inside the truck , the patient sway alongside she . she put out she hand to steady he . tear streak she face . ext . convoy site , italy . dusk the convoy be make a pit stop . the truck be silhouett in a line . Hana help lift the patient 's stretcher onto the ground . she bend to he . Hana get up to prepare a morphine injection from a small kit . Mary arrive . touches Hana gently , conscious of she grief for Jan 's death . mary be you okay ? oh god , Hana , you and Jan be inseparable . hana ( sigh angrily ) we keep move he - in and out of the truck . why ? he 's die . what 's the point ? mary ( throw ) do you mean leave he ? we can not . we can hardly leave he . Hana have settle down beside the patient 's stretcher . she draw herself up against the night . on the hill above , she can see the outline of a SMALL monastery in the moonlight . she 's suffer , she face a freeze mask . hana I must be a curse - anybody who love I , anybody who get close to I - or I must be curse . which be it ? the patient lace she finger into he crabbe hand . ext . the monastery . day Hana be investigate the monastery of S. anna , wander through its overgrown garden , past a pond . what sanctuary it seem to offer . int . the monastery library . day Hana explore via a gape hole in a library where the wall have collapse from sheleing . the garden intrude , ivy curl around the shelf . bloat book lie abandon , and there 's a piano tilt up on one side . Hana press the key through the filthy tarpaulin which cover it . everywhere there be sign of a brief german occupation . int . the monastery cloister . day past the Library be a cloister , drench with silver light . int . the monastery stair . day Hana go upstairs , negotiate a huge void in the stone tread two third of the way up . int . the patient's room . day she come across a small chapel with the remain of mural and a altar press into service by the Germans as a table . Hana find a old bed and a mattress . ext . convoy site , italy . day the convoy be in the final stage of load up . Oliver pass the vehicle , deep in dispute with a determine Hana , who be carry some sack of rice . hana when he die I '1l catch up . oliver it 's not safe here . the whole country 's crawl with bandit and Germans and God know what . hana the war 's over - you tell I yourself . how can it be desertion ? oliver it 's not over everywhere . I do not mean literally . this be normal - it 's shock . for all of we . Hana - Oliver hover as Hana add the rice to a small cache of provision then lay another blanket over the patient . hana I need morphine . a lot . and a pistol . oliver if anything happen to you I have never forgive myself . Hana nod . a tiny smile . Oliver shrug heiplessly . oliver we nre head for leghorn . Livorno the italian call it . we will expect you . — 10 int . the patient 's room . day . two soldier be help Mary and Hana carry the patient into what be the chapel . they lower the patient onto the rusted bed . Hana turn to the soldier . hana thank you . she shut the door on they , leave Mary stare aghast at the room , its fade frescoes , its mold , its starkness . hana good . she go to Mary and hug she . int . the monastery , hanan room . day a smaller upstairs room , completely bare . as Hana tug off she uniform , she look out of the window to see the depart convoy . a cotton dress go on over she head and she emerge look suddenly young and rather fragile . through the damage floor of she room she have a view of the patient below she . she look at he . now she have scissors and start to cut off she hair , not aggressively , but in a gesture of a new beginning . int . the monastery stair . morning Hana be drop armful of book into the cavity of the damage stair while , with other , she be improvise new step . the heavy volume be perfect for tread on . int . the patient 's room . day Hana enter . the patient what be all the bang ? be you fight rat or the entire german army ? hana I be repair the stair . I find a library and the book be very useful . Hana shrug . she 's attend to he , pull back the sheet , plump up the pillow . he 's short of breath . the patient before you find too many use for this book would you read some to I ? 11 continued hana I think they be all in italian , but I x11 look , yes . what about you own book ? the patient {reluctant ) my book ? the herodotus ? yes , we can read he . Hana pick up the book from the altar and hand it to he . then she start rummage in she pocket . hana oh - I nve find plum . we have plum in the orchard . we have a orchard ! the patient herodotus be the father of history , do you know that ? hana I do not know anything . the patient thank you . she have peel a plum and now slip it into he mouth . his mouth work with the pleasure of the taste , a little juice escape from he lip . Hana mop it up . the patient it 's a very plum plum . ext . the monastery garden . day Hana sit in the water trough shiver as the cold water splashes she . int . the patient's room . day Close on the herodotus . the patient open its cover , hold together by leather tie . loose paper , photograph , hand - drawn map and sketch be all collect between the char page . he claw at some papers , inspect a letter . then he lose control of the papers and the whole parcel spill to the floor with a crack . ext . base camp at pottery hill . dusk Count laszlo de almasy , hungarian explorer , squat with a ancient arab who draw in the sand , talk in some arcane dialect , scratch out a map . the old man stop speak and scour the sky a beat or two before we or almasy hear the faint noise of a plane . it 's a bright yellow steerman come in to 12 continued land . almasy do not look up . the arab continue to talk . the plane sweep past the cluster of tent and camel and truck which constitute the base Camp for a team of international explorer , lead by almasy and he colleague , Peter madox . ext . base camp at pottery hill . day the expedition team drive over to meet the arrival . almasy stay in the car as the other pile out and approach the plane as it taxi alongside a old , batter silver Tiger moth . a young couple emerge from the steerman . they be geoffrey and katharine clifton . and it 's immediately clear that katharine be the woman in the plane crash at the beginning of the film . madox make all the introduction , introduce the rest of the team - a italian , D ’agostino ; a german , bermann ; and a egyptian , fouad . hand be shake , hellos all round , as the couple disembark in they leather fly gear . ext . base camp at pottery hill . late day the party be in the shade of the tent . geoffrey clifton produce a bottle of champagne and set off the cork with a flourish . almasy join the group . madox nod over to the clifton plane . clifton of the International Sand Club . madox marvellous plane . do you look ? almasy yes . clifton ( beam at almasy ) be not it ? wedding present from katharine 's parent . we be call it rupert bear . hello . geoffrey clifton . madox we can finally consign my old bird to the scrap heap . almasy smile and walk on towards the other . D ' agostino Mrs. clifton - Count almasy . 13 continued katharine ( smile , offer she hand ) hello . geoffrey give I you monograph when I be read up on the desert . very impressive . almasy ( stiff ) thank you . katharine I want to meet a man who could write such a long paper with so few adjective . almasy a thing be still a thing no matter what you place in front of it . Big car , slow car , chauffeur - drive car , still a car . clifton ( join they and join in ) a break car ? almasy still a car . clifton ( hand they champagne ) not much use , though . katharine Love ? romantic love , platonic love , filial love -? quite different thing , surely ? clifton ( hugging katharine ) uxoriousness - that 's my favourite kind of love . excessive love of one 's wife . almasy ( a dry smile ) now there you have I . 14 ext . base camp . morning almasy and madox head for madox 's Tiger moth . they turn the machine around like a toy , point it in the right direction for take - off . during this almasy complain and madox mediate - there 's a suspicion that this be a familiar dynamic . almasy they nre tourist . madox absolute rot . they come highly recommend from the Royal geographic . she 's charming and have read everything , he 's mean to be a ruddy good pilot . almasy we do not need another pilot . madox he can make aerial map of the entire area . almasy you can not explore from the air , madox . if you could explore from the air life would be very simple . ( he prime the propellor ) contact . madox slip on he goggle and turn on the engine . madox contact . almasy spin the propellor . it flash into life . ext . gilf kebir plateau . morning . both plane be scout the gilf kebir region . geoffrey fly up alongside madox and wiggle he wing . madox wave . they be fly over a distinctive group of granite massif , crater - shape hill . the break tower of the gilf kebir . almasy be distract by they . he turn to madox and point down , indicate they should explore they . madox nod and bring the plane lower and they fly into the mouth of one of the huge crater . the clifton 's plane follow they into the black ravine , pitte with sign of scrub . 15 almasy gesture to the clifton to photograph the massif . a thumb up from geoffrey , who pull out he camera and begin shoot . int . the patient's room . morning . Hana change the patient 's bed . the light stream in from the open window . she look up at the green hill roll away from the monastery , the village in the distance . hana I should try and move the bed . I want you to be able to see the view . it 's good , it 's a view from a monastery . the patient I can already see . hana ( bend down to he level ) how ? how can you see anything ? the patient no , not the window - I can not bear the light anyway - no , I can see all the way to the desert . before the war . make map . hana I be turn you . the patient be there sand in my eye . be you clean sand from my ear ? hana no sand , that 's you morphine speak . the patient I can see my wife in that view . hana be you remember more ? the patient could I have a cigarette ? hana be you crazy ? 16 continued the patient why be you so determine to keep I alive ? hana because I be a nurse . ext . the monastery cloister . night it 's dark . Hana be catch by the stray shaft of moonlight . she be scratching on the flagstone . her skirt be bunched up around she thigh . she throw something in the air . it land with a erack . suddenly she be fly across the space , a hop , a skip , a jump . then turn at the other end , dip for the stone , then back again , in this blindman ' 's version of hopscotch . int . the patient's room . night alone in he room the patient listen to the erratic rhythm of Hana 's hopscotch . it take he back to the desert and the sound of bedouin drum on a night shortly after the arrival of the clifton . ext . base camp . night the group sit around the campfire at night , supper over , champagne drunk . they be use the empty bottle to play a game ~ spin the bottle . when the bottle point at you , you be require to perform a party piece . clifton sing a version of ' yes , we have no bananas , 's then be require to translate it into a variety of language - the other join in raucously . d'agostino offer a puccini aria ; fouad dance , he shawi whirling , the bedouin onlooker provide a percussive , improvise accompaniment . int . the patient 's room . night later , and Hana be read to the patient from a story in he herodotus . as she read , he listen , eye close , still in the desert . hana ..- the King insisted he would find some way to prove beyond dispute that he wife be fairest of all woman . ' I will hide you in the room where we sleep 's , say candaule - ( correct herself ) - say candaule . she stumble over the word . the patient correct she . the patient candaule . 17 continued hana candaule . ext . base camp at pottery hill . night katharine have she turn at the fire . she be tell the same story . the patient remember she . katharine canduale tell gyge that the queen have the same practice every night . she take off she clothes and put they on the chair by the door to she room ... hana ( 0 /s ) ( continue to read ) ... and from where you stand you will be able to gaze on she at you leisure ... katharine ( she story continue ) and that evening it 's exactly as the King have tell he . she go to the chair and remove she clothes one by one until she 's stand naked in full view of gyge , and indeed she be more lovely than he could have imagine . but then the Queen look up and see gyge conceal in the shadow , and although she say nothing , she shudder . and the next day she send for gyge and challenge he . and hearing he story , this be what she say - clifton ( clowning ) off with he head ! katharine - she say , '' either you must submit to death for gaze on that which you should not , or else kill my husband who shame I and become King in he place . '' clifton make a face of outrage . for katharine the story have suddenly collapse . she feel almasy 's eye on she . 18 continued katharine so gyge kill the King and marries the Queen and become ruler of lydia for twenty - eight year . ( a uncomfortable moment } shall I spin the bottle ? the other laugh . madox beam at clifton . madox so geoffrey ~ let that be a lesson to you . int . the patient's room . night Hana look up from the herodotus , see the patient 's eye close . she gently touch he face and whisper . hana be you asleep ? the patient ( he be not ) yes. no. drop off . and Hana close the book , get up , kiss he good night , and blow out the lamp . ext . the monastery , hana 's garden . late day Hana have be revive a vegetable patch . she come out to garden . crow be feast . she 's furious , shout , run at they . nature , wildness , insist on invade she peace . ext . the monastery , graveyard . morning Hana appear from the cemetery , drag a metal crucifix . it 's bigger than she be , and she drag it along towards she garden . a man watch her from a bicycle , he 's approach fifty , grizzle and attractive , and could be italian . he wear a pair of grubby mitten . the man , caravaggio , choose this moment to introduce himself . he drop the bicycle on the ground with a clatter . caravaggio {very cheerful ) buon giorno ! Hana turn , startle and suspicious . caravaggio Hana ? 19 continued hana what do you want ? caravaggio I meet you friend Mary . she say I should stop and see if you be all right . apparently , we be neighbour - my house be two block from yours in montreal . cabot , north of laurier . bonjour . hana ( unravel this information} bonjour . he go to she and hand she a egg , produce it from a pocket . he beam , as do Hana . caravaggio I no like to take credit for it , but it 's from Mary . my name 's David caravaggio , but nobody ever call I David . caravaggio - they find too absurd to miss out on . during this he attempt to conjure a second egg from Hana 's ear . the egg drop to the ground . cursing , he get on he knee and start to scoop it up , preserve it . there appear to be something wrong with he hand . he grimace at Hana . caravaggio my stupid hand ! int . the monastery kitchen . day Hana have take he egg and put they into a bowl . she beat they with a knife , pick out the bit of shell . caravaggio watch , take in how little food there be otherwise . the table seem useful more as a sewing area than for cooking - it 's strewn with altar cloth be sewn into drape . on a tray on the table be two vial of morphine from the patient 's room . as Hana turn to the stove , caravaggio 's move and cover they with he glove hand a second later and he 's juggle they into he pocket . caravaggio ( of the egg ) they be fresh . I have not have a egg in ... have you notice there be chicken ? in Italy you get chicken but no egg . in Africa there be always egg , but never chicken . who separate they ? 20 continued hana ( intrigue ) you be in Africa ? caravaggio yes I be . hana so be my patient . caravaggio look , I have like to stay for a while . I have to do some work here - I speak the language . there be partisan to be disarm - ( try to paraphrase ) - we embrace they and see if we can relieve they of they weapon , you know - while we hug . I be a thief , so the Army think I would be good at it . hana so you can shoot a pistol ? caravaggio ( show he hand ) no. hana do you have a problem with that ? caravaggio no . hana I should iook at they before you go . caravaggio look , it 's a big place . we need not disturb each other . i’1l sleep in the stabie . it do not matter where I sleep . I do not sleep . hana I do not know what Mary tell you about I , but I do not need company , I do not need to be iook after . 21 int . the patient 's room . day Hana carry in a tray . there 's omelette on the plate . hana there 's a man downstairs . he bring we egg . he might stay . the patient why ? can he lay egg ? hana he 's canadian . the patient ( brittle ) why be people always so happy when they collide with someone from the same place ? what happen in montreal when you pass a man in the street - do you invite he to live with you ? hana he need not disturb you . the patient I ? he can not . I be already disturb . hana ( she cut the omelette into tiny piece ) there 's a war . where you come from become important . the patient why ? I hate that idea . int . the monastery stair . day caravaggio be in shadow in the hallway . he listen . int . the patient 's room . day Hana , have already replace the bed linen , be stand on a stepladder try to hang homemade drape around the bed as caravaggio knock tentatively , then come in . caravaggio can I help ? hana it 's finish . 22 continued the patient so you be we canadian pickpocket ? caravaggio thief , I think , be more accurate . the patient I understand you be in Africa . whereabouts ? caravaggio oh , all over . the patient all over ? I keep try to cover a very modest portion and still fail . {to Hana , who be head out ) be you leave we ? hana yes . the patient now 's we opportunity to swap war wound . hana then I be definitely go . and she exit . the man consider she . caravaggio do she have war wound ? int . the monastery , hanan room . day as Hana walk up she stair she find herself overhear they conversation as it thread up through the hole in the ceiling . she strip she own bed of the curtain she use for a sheet . the patient I think anybody she ever love tend to die on she . caravaggio be you plan to be the exception ? 23 continued the patient I ? I think you have get the wrong end of the stick , old boy . ( a pause ) so , caravaggio ~ Hana think you invent you name . caravaggio and you have forget yours . the patient I say that no one would ever invent such a preposterous name . caravaggio I say you can forget everything but you never forget you name . Count almasy - that name mean anything to you ? or katharine clifton ? ext . cairo market . day a STREET market in full sway , a local - only affair , blaze with noise and bustle and barter . emerging from a thicket of woman and begging child , katharine clifton carry she purchase of a exotic-looking carpet . from nowhere she be join by almasy , who nod at the carpet . almasy how much do you pay ? katharine ( delighted ) oh , hello ! almasy they do not see foreign woman in this market . how much do you pay ? katharine Seven , eight pound , I suppose . almasy which stall ? katharine why ? 24 continued almasy you have be cheat , do not worry , we will take it back . katharine ( bristle ) I do not want to take it back . almasy this be not worth eight pound , Mrs. clifton . katharine it be to I . almasy do you bargain ? katharine I do not care to bargain . almasy that insult they . katharine ( turn to face he ) I do not believe that . I think you be insulted by I , somehow . almasy ( of the carpet ) I would be very happy to obtain the correct price for this . I apologize if I appear abrupt . I be rusty at social grace . ( tart ) how do you find Cairo ? do you visit the pyramid ? katharine Excuse I . almasy or the sphinx ? he stand as she continue , push past he , boil . int . shepheard HOTEL , cairo . evening the long bar . the Exploration team drink at a table . they be not entirely off-duty - almasy and madox , as ever , ponder the map . 25 continued madox by car ? impossible . if we try and drive north of kufra by car , we will leave we bone in the desert . almasy disagree . madox you be hungarian , you always disagree . geoffrey clifton appear . clifton good evening , gentlemen ! he sit down . madox hail the waiter . D ' agostino how be you charming wife ? clifton marvellous . she 's in love with the hotel plumbing . she 's either in the swim pool - she swim for hour , she 's a fish , quite incredible ~ or she 's in the bath . actually , she 's just outside . ( respond to they bewilder expression ) chap only in the Long bar . ext . shepheard 's HOTEL terrace . night the explorer , embarrassed , march out onto the terrace . katharine sit , read , exquisite in she evening clothes . there be dance inside , and couple walk to and from they table . madox approach to collect she . katharine manage to produce a dazzle smile which include everyone except almasy . madox Mrs. clifton , you will have to forgive we . we be not accustom to the company of woman . katharine not at all . I be thoroughly enjoy my book . 26 continued clifton the team be in mourn , darling . katharine oh really ? madox I be afraid we be not have much luck obtain fund for the expedition . katharine oh . what will you do ? madox a more modest expedition , or even wait a year . remind we family we still exist . clifton ( astonished ) good heaven , be you married , madox ? madox very much so . we all be , save my friend here . he nod at almasy . clifton appear tremendously relieved . clifton I feel much better , do not you darling ? we be feel rather self - conscious . let 's toast , then . to absent wife . D ' agostino ( toast katharine ) and present one . katharine ( toast almasy ) and future one . int . shepheard 's HOTEL . night the ballroom . a dance finish . almasy take over from D ' agostino to partner katharine . the other remain on the terrace , deep in conversation . katharine ( as they dance ) why do you follow I yesterday ? 27 continued almasy what ? I be sorry ? katharine after the market , you follow I to the hotel . almasy I be concerned . a woman in that part of Cairo , a european woman , I feel oblige to . katharine you feel oblige to . almasy as the wife of one of we party . katharine ( direct ) so why follow I ? escort I , by all mean . but follow I be predatory , be not it ? almasy , by way of answer , bear down on she . they dance , fierce , oblivious to everything . int . the patient 's room . night Hana have fall asleep on the bed , almost on top of the patient . he touch she . he speak as if each word burn he . the patient could I ask you to move ? I be sorry - hana ( mortify , move quickly ) I be sorry , of course . I be dream . awful . the patient it 's just when you move - hana how stupid of I . the patient I can not really bear the pressure . Hana get up , upset to have hurt he . 28 int . the monastery kitchen . night Hana come to the table , carry a jug of water and a bowl . she 's still sad . she unbutton she dress , pull it off she shoulder , begin to pour the water to cool herself against the night 's press heat . she 's overwhelm by memory , by the weight of she curse . caravaggio come into the kitchen to find she slump at the table , she back naked , the jug of water in front of she . she 's sobbing , she shoulder heaving . caravaggio approach tentatively . caravaggio Hana ? ( he touch she shoulder ) Hana ? be you all right ? hana ( without raise she head ) do not touch I . she pull she dress up around she shoulder . her face be red with weep . caravaggio pour a glass of water and walk to the open window . caravaggio you be in love with he , be not you ? you poor patient . do you think he 's a saint because of the way he look ? I do not think he be . hana I be not in love with he . I be in love with ghost . so be he . he 's in love with ghost . caravaggio ( he hold up he hand ) what if I tell you he do this to I ? hana ( stung ) how could he have ? when ? caravaggio I be one of he ghost and he would not even know it . hana I do not know what that mean . 29 continued caravaggio ( shrug ) ask you saint who he be . ask he who he 's kill . hana ( furious ) please do not creep around this house ! she leave , slamm the door behind she . caravaggio call after she . caravaggio I do not think he 's forget anything . I think he want to forget . int . tent , base camp at pottery hill . night the group of expeditioner be around the fire . clifton hold up a glass . clifton gentlemen , to map-make ! all map-make ! madox and a special thank - you to geoffrey and katharine , without whose fund - raise heroic we have still be kick we heel . clifton to arm-twist . madox ( to almasy ) do katharine say ? geoffrey have to fly back to Cairo . clifton return the favour - take a few photograph of the army . almasy what kind of photograph ? 30 continued clifton portrait . the brigadier , the brigadier 's wife , the brigadier 's dog , the brigadier by the pyramid , the brigadier breathe . I shall of course be bereft , but finally able to explore the Cairo nightlife . I shall produce a authoritative guide to the Zinc bar and - I want to say harem ~ be we in the right country for harem ? ext . base camp at pottery hill . morning as clifton prepare to leave in the steerman , almasy approach . almasy clifton , safe journey . clifton you too . good luck ! almasy clifton - it 's probably none of my business - but you wife , do you think it 's appropriate to leave she ? clifton appropriate ? almasy well the desert be - for a woman - it 's very tough , I wonder if it 's not too much for she . clifton be you mad ? katharine love it here . she tell I yesterday . almasy all the same , be I you , I would be concerned - 31 continued clifton I nve know katharine since she be three , we be practically brother and sister before we be man and wife . I think I would know what be and what be not too much for she . I think she would know herself . almasy very well . clifton ( laugh it off ) why be you people so threaten by a woman ?! almasy watch he walk toward the plane , then turn to see katharine , a distant figure , watch . he do not move . she do not move . int . monastery library . day Hana stand at the piano . it 's still lop-side , propped against the wall . she try but can not move it . so she pull off the dust sheet and , with the instrument still on a tilt , begin to pick out the aria from bach 's Goldberg variation . int . the patient 's room . day hana' piano continue . upstair , caravaggio chat with the patient while work he arm to raise a vein , a bootlace tie around it , prepare a injection for himself , tapping the syringe . during this : the patient I have come to love that little tap of the fingernail against the syringe . tap. tap. tap . int . monastery library . day Hana play . a gunshot punctuate the music . her hand falter , she look up to see a sikh soldier run past the gaping hole in the wall , he rifle hold aloft . he approach the french door , he face crease with anxiety , and rap on the shattered frame . it 's kip , the bomb disposal officer who have clear the road on which Jan 's jeep have explode . kip stop play ! please , stop play ! 32 continued hana ( of the door ) I do not have the key to that door . she watch he walk around from the lock door and walk straight through the hole in the wall , oblivious to any irony , and up to the piano . kip the Germans be here . the Germans be all over this area . they leave mine everywhere . and pianos be they favourite hide place . hana I see . sorry . ( then mischievous ) then maybe you be safe as long as you only play bach . he 's german . kip be look around the piano . Hana giggle . kip be something funny ? hana no , I be sorry . kip I have meet you before . hana I do not think so . kip look . see. see. Hana bend to see what kip 's look at under the piano . wire run from the wall to the instrument onto which be tape a explosive charge . if Hana have succeed in move the piano she would have trigger the charge . kip look at Hana , who conceal she dismay with a shrug . kip ( of the piano ) move that , and no more bach . ext . the monastery garden . dusk across from the terrace , kip and he sergeant , hardy , be put up they tent . caravaggio stand , chat amiably to they , hold a haversack , smoking a cigarette . 33 int . the patient's room . dusk Hana look down from the patient 's room , watch the tent go up . kip glance up at the window . Hana , suddenly shy , back away . hana he want we to move out , say there could be fifty more mine in the building . he think I be mad because I laugh at he . he 's indian , he wear a turban . the patient no he 's sikh . if he wear a turban , he 's sikh . hana I ' 11 probably marry he . the patient really ? that 's sudden . hana my mother always tell I I would summon my husband by play the piano . she bathes the patient . hana I like it better when there be just the two of we . the patient ( irk ) why ? be he stay ? hana with he sergeant . a Mr. hardy . the patient we should charge ! do not anyone have a job to do ? hana they have to clear all the road of mine . that 's a big job . the patient in that case , I suppose we can not charge . 34 continued hana no , we can not . ext . the monastery , hana 's garden . day hana be gardening , close to the crucifix , which be now a full - fledge scarecrow . Broken bottle , fragment of stain glass , and shard from a mirror be hang from the crossbar , syringe too , all jangling and tinkling and catch the sunlight . kip and hardy drive off to work on they motorcycle . she watch they , catch kip 's careless wave to she . she look briefly at herself in a piece of mirror dangle from the scarecrow . int . the patient's room . day the patient lie in bed sing to himself in Arabic . ext . base camp at pottery hill the three ford car leave the campsite , load for a scout expedition . the rest of the party , bedouin , tent , camel , and Tiger moth - be leave behind . int . car en route to cave of swimmer . day almasy drive the second car , accompany by katharine and Al auf , who sit on top of the cabin . almasy sing as they drive . katharine break the long silence between they . katharine I have be think - how do somebody like you decide to come to the desert ? what be it ? you be do whatever you be do - in you castle , or wherever it be you live - and one day you say I have to go to the desert - or what ? almasy do not answer . katharine , who have look at he for a answer , look away . there 's another long silence . almasy I once travel with a guide , who be take I to faya . he do not speak for nine hour . at the end of it he point at the horizon and say , '' faya ! '' that be a good day . Point make , they lapse again into silence . katharine boil . 35 continued katharine actually , you sing . almasy what ? katharine you sing . all the time . almasy I do not . katharine ask Al auf . in Arabic , almasy ask Al auf , who promptly laugh , nod and sing a snatch of what he think be the tune to ' the darktown strutter 's Ball 's . katharine , delighted , join in . katharine ( sing wickedly ) I nil be down to get you in the taxi , honey , you would better be ready about half - past eight ... Al auf nod and grin furiously , join in , impersonate almasy . almasy make a face . ext , near the base camp at the cave of swimmer . dusk the group be investigate a cleft in the rocky massif . they climb slowly . below they , a new and temporary base camp . the group wind around the rock . almasy turn to offer a hand to katharine behind he , pull she up to the next rock slab . the group stop at a level plateau . the Arabs stand apart and sing there prayer at dusk . Al auf lead the incantation . al auf Allah akbar , allahu akbar ... the westerner wait respectfully . as the sun set in glory , almasy look over at the range of rock . one particular range seem to look exactly like a woman 's back . he squint at the rock , then pull out he herodotus to compare he sketch map with the terrain in front of he . 36 ext . cave of swimmer . dusk almasy clamber up the rock , come through a narrow crevice to find a natural shelf . he scramble up this path , reach up , only to notice that he hand almost perfectly cover a carve hand on the rock , and as he digest this he realize he have climb past what be the mouth of a cave . he disappear inside . int . cave of swimmer . flashlight a flashlight squirt into the cave . almasy tread cautiously along the narrow wind passage . he come to a open cavern and take he flashlight up to a wall . almasy be astonished by what he see . ext . near the cave of swimmer . evening the other watch as a flashlight bob and jerk among the rock and almasy come scramble down , transformed into a excited teenager . almasy madox ! madox ! madox , come quickly ! bermann , d'ag - I have find something . int . cave of swimmer . flashlight painting emerge , figure , animal . ancient picture . a giraffe . cattle . Fish . Men with bow and arrow . almasy have lead the whole party into the heart of the cave . now madox come alongside he at the wall , he flashlight join almasy 's and increase the visibility of the painting . a dark -skin figure , apparently in the process of diving into water , come clearly into view . then other , supine , arm outstretch . madox ( with audible excitement ) my God , they be swim ! they be swim ! the other crowd around . five excited face in the green gloom of the cave . int . cave of swimmer . day katharine be painting . she copy the cave painting with meticulous , almost scientific accuracy . 37 ext . cave of swimmer . day a hive of activity . the team have set up trestle to catalogue the find as the bedouin come out with basket of detritus , which they empty onto a grow heap as the cave be clear out . almasy clamber inside carry camera equipment . int . cave of swimmer . day Inside , bermann be set up lamp , run wire from a car battery . kamal be help he . and as almasy arrive he catch a tiny moment of tenderness between they . bermann , see he , quickly disengage and busy himself with the light . ext . the desert . day the car be head back to base Camp . they bounce over the sand . int . bermann 's car . day bermann be drive the lead car along some steep dune . almasy beside he . bermann be peel a orange , a segment of which he hold out of the window . kamal , riding shotgun , lean down and collect it , he head dip in to grin at bermann . bermann look uneasily at almasy . he want to tell he of he passion , of he absolute love for kamal , but he dare not . bermann how do you explain ? to someone who 's never be here ? feeling which seem guite normal . almasy ( compassionate ) I do not know , my friend . I do not know . bermann hold out another segment of the orange , and watch kamal bend into view , open he mouth to be feed another piece , then suddenly fall from the vehicle . the car lurch sideways and topples over the edge . d' ag - follow , fouad beside he - brake sharply , but can not stop he own car from be catch in the avalanche of sand , and it plunge down the dune and into bermann 's upturned car with a ominous crunch , the radiator explode . only madox , a little way behind , with katharine beside he , manage to stay clear of trouble . he jump out of the vehicle and slide down the dune to find pandemonium as the passenger stumble out of the car , sand fly , smoke pour from the upright vehicle , the wheel of the overturn car spin wildly in the air , a puddle of oil spread ominously . 38 ext . the desert . day later and the group have clean up as best as possible . d'ag , bermann , and fouad be a little worse for wear . fouad 's arm be in a sling , and D ’ag be sport a bloody head bandage . bermann have break a finger and be be attend to by madox . the luggage , water , and petrol have be stack up and the man be load the remain car . ext . the desert . day almasy , kamal and two of the other young bedouin stand around the mess of the two break vehicle . the one working car be load with man and provision . katharine sit inside , next to madox . almasy come over to she window , to speak past she to madox . madox I will be back as quick as I can . thirty - six hour at the outside . almasy try to get a additional radiator . we can store it between here and pottery Hill . and a better jack . we plan badly . madox ( nod at almasy , then shout over to the wreck vehicle ) bermann ! this be bermann 's cue to take leave of kamal , who be stay behind . kamal make a little bow . kamal ( in Arabic ) May God make safety you companion . bermann nod and hurry away , squeezing into the car , which jolt off , bounce over the track . the vehicle get about twenty yard , almasy watch , before it sink forlornly into the soft sand . it 's hopelessly overload with people . they all get out . madox ( irascible ) now what ? katharine I nil stay behind , of course . 39 continued madox certainly not . katharine no , I insist . there clearly be not room for all of we , I be the least able to dig , and I be not one of the walk wounded . it 's only one night ! besides , if I remain it 's the most effective method of persuade my husband to abandon whatever he 's do and come and rescue we . it 's hard to argue with this logic . almasy shrug . later - the madox car make a more effective departure . almasy watch it disappear then turn , uncomfortable , to see katharine walk down the steep face of the dune toward the makeshift shelter . int . shelter . day almasy sit alone , write into he herodotus , a map fold in front of he , from which he make note . katharine come across with a clutch of she sketch from the cave wall . hand they to he . they be beautiful . katharine I think you might like to paste they into you book . almasy well , we take photograph , there 's no need . katharine no really , I have like you to have they . almasy ( hand they back ) well , there be really no need . they be too good . this be just a scrapbook . I should feel oblige . thank you . katharine ( exasperate ) and that would be unconscionable , I suppose , would not it , to feel any obligation ? yes . of course it would . 40 continued she 's already turn , head back up the slope , leave the perimeter of the shelter . ext . the desert . night . katharine sit alone on top of the dune , smoking , surveying the landscape . below she the camp - a fresh wind flick at the tarpaulin , the deep track of madox 's car stretch off towards civilization . almasy head up towards she . almasy you should come into the shelter . katharine I be quite all right , thank you . almasy look over there . katharine turn , scan the horizon . katharine what be I look at ? almasy do you see what 's happen to they - the star ? katharine they be so untidy . I be just try to rearrange they . almasy no , no , over there . in a few minute there will be no star . the air be fill with sand . on the distant dune a ominous , boil cloud . ext . vehicle . night . the team hurry around salvage gasoline drum , water can , bring anything loose or light inside the vehicle . the wind be whipping up . the air busy with sand . Chaos as they struggle in ever - worsen condition , they head wrap in blanket , flashlight useless . they seek safety in two group , the tribesman to the cabin of the overturn car , katharine and almasy to the upright one . 41 int . car . night Inside the cabin , the sand swirl around they , katharine and almasy sit without speak . he pour a little water so that they can wash out they eye and nose and mouth . she take she silk scarf , wet it , press it to she face . katharine this be not very good , be it ? almasy no. katharine shall we be all right ? almasy yes . yes. absolutely . katharine yes be a comfort . absolutely be not . ext . the desert . night the sand be pile up against the two car , the tent be sweep from its mooring , the water can be hurl up , too , and then plunge ominously into sand drift as if go under a ocean . almasy ( 0 /s ) ..- let I tell you about wind . there be a whirlwind from Southern Morocco , the aajej , against which the fellahin defend themselves with knife . and there be the ghibli from tunis which roll and roll and roll and produce a rather strange nervous condition ... and we hear katharine 's laugh . int . car . night almasy sit alongside katharine , whose head be against he shoulder . he continue he story of wind . almasy -+.and then there be the harmatton , a red wind which mariner call the sea of darkness . Red sand from this wind have fly as far as the south coast of England apparently produce shower 42 continued almasy ( cont no ) so dense they be mistaken for blood ... katharine fiction . we have a house on that coast , and it have never , never rain blood . almasy no , it 's all true . ( teasing she ) herodotus , you friend - katharine ( laugh ) my friend ! almasy - he write about it and he write about a wind , the simoon , which a nation think be so evil they declare war on it and march out against it in full battle dress . he 's touch katharine 's hair , he can not help it . she be paralyse by he touch , then put out she hand and trace across the window , now entirely silted up with sand . int . patient 's room . night . the patient remember . he feel katharine 's finger trace across he face . ext . the desert . day morning . the sand have almost completely engulfed the car on the expose side , cover the windscreen like snow , and encroach onto the door of the protect flank . int . car . day . almasy be awaken by the sound of a distant engine . he jerk up , waking katharine in the process , and heave against the door . almasy Quick . katharine . Quick , wake up ! I can hear a car . let I out . ( he stumble out of the car , up the dune , then stop and fly back to the car ) the flare ! 43 continued almasy ( cont no ) ( berate himself ) idiot ! to fall asleep . unforgiveable . ext . the desert . day madox 's car be roaring along the horizon . almasy run back into the car , find he flaregun , and send a flare high into the sky . katharine be with he now , and they watch , helplessly , as the car bounce away from they , madox a man on a mission . katharine panic , the sand have erased all trace of they . katharine wave she arm frantically . katharine here ! we be here ! stop ! almasy madox ! madox ! katharine we track have disappear . almasy madox will calculate how many mile ; he will soon turn around . katharine be frighten . he look at she . almasy could I ask you , please , to paste you painting into my book ? I should like to have they . I should be honoure . a car horn leak into they conversation . almasy can not place it at first ~ he have assume it be madox . now he realise it 's come from the floor of the sand dune . he suddenly turn and charge away from katharine . almasy the other ! katharine , horrify , follow he towards the mound of sand which have completely bury the other vehicle . katharine awful . we must get they out ! how awful . almasy be preoccupy . he 's go back to they vehicle and return with a shovel , start to dig frantically . katharine kneel beside he and help to shovel away the sand . during this : 44 continued katharine be I a terrible coward to ask how much water we have ? almasy ( shovel hard ) we have a little in we can , we have water in the radiator which can be drunk . it 's not cowardly at all , it 's extremely practical . ( anxious at not uncover the boy , egging himself on ) come on , come on ! ( then back to katharine ) there 's also a plant - I believe you can cut a piece the size of a heart from this plant and the next morning it will be fill with a delicious liquid . katharine find that plant . cut out its heart . they hear noise , scrabbling , faint thump . almasy scrape at the sand and they find the glass of the car . the angle of the cab , tilt up to the sky , have make it impossible for the trap boy to lever it open . they oxygen be rapidly deteriorate . almasy pull on the door and it crank open . the boy , daze , guipe in the fresh air , clamber out . ext . the desert . day katharine sit in the car , put she picture into the herodotus . it 's full of almasy 's handwriting , photograph , some pressed flowers . she decipher a page of he word and drawing . it 's almost exclusively about she , the line studd with 's . she read , astonished , then look at he as he and two of the three bedouin circle the area of the car in ever - widen circle , like water - diviner , like kip search for mine . almasy suddenly drop to he knee and begin to shovel into the sand . he pulis out a can of water . turn to katharine and hold it triumphantly in the air . int . the desert . night a red umbrella of light as almasy fire the last flare into the black night . katharine come up beside he . they wait in silence , hope fade with the flare . 45 continued katharine ( blank ) geoffrey 's not in Cairo . ( almasy look at she ) he 's not actually a buffoon . and the plane be not a wedding present . it belong to the british government . they want aerial map of the whole of North Africa . so I think he 's in ethiopia . in case you be count on he sudden appearance . almasy and the marriage - be that a fiction ? there 's a beat . katharine have a hundred answer . katharine no , the marriage be not a fiction . the light from the flare fade on they and they stand in the dark . suddenly on the far horizon , behind they head , a answer flare firework into the sky . katharine thank God . oh thank God . there 's excited shouting from the boy . then a distant reply . almasy laugh with relief . almasy it 's madox . he turn to katharine . she shudder . katharine be I k in you book ? I think I must be . almasy turn to she . he run the blade of he arm across she neck . int . the monastery , upstair landing . day Hana walk along the landing with a tray . there 's a message on several door in the corridor from kip : safe , then a couple with the warning : danger . she hear noise from the patient 's room . listen for a second before go in . kip be read to the patient . 46 continued kip ( 0/8 ) ( read ) '' he sit , in defiance of municipal order , astride the gun Zamzammah on she brick platform opposite the old ajaib - gher -' ( he break off ) I can not read this word . they stick in my throat . the patient ( 0 /s ) because you be read it too fast ! kip ( 0 /s ) not at all . the patient ( 0 /s ) you have to read kipling slowly ! you eye be too impatient - think about the speed of he pen . ( quote kipling to demonstrate ) what be it ? '' he sit '' comma '' in defiance of municipal order '' comma '' astride the gun Zamzammah on she brick '' ... what be it ? int . the patient 's room . day during this , Hana come through with the tray , find kip perch on the window , relishing he skirmish with the patient , who have condense milk dribble down he neck . kip '' Brick platform opposite the old ajaib - gher -' the patient '' — the wonder House '' comma '' as the native call the lahore Museum . '' kip it 's still there , the cannon , outside the museum . it be make of metal cup and bowl take from every household in the city as tax , then melt down . then later they fire the cannon at my people comma the native . full stop . 47 continued the patient so what be it you object to - the writer or what he 's write about ? kip what I really object to , uncle , be you finish all my condense milk . ( snatching up the empty can ) and the message everywhere in you book - however slowly I read it - that the best destiny for India be to be rule by the british . the patient Hana , we have discover a share pleasure - the boy and I . hana argue about book . the patient condense milk - one of the truly great invention . kip ( grin , leave ) I 'il get another tin . Hana and the patient be alone . hana I do not like that book either . it 's all about man . too many man . just like this house . the patient you like he , do not you ? you voice change . hana I do not think it do . {a beat ) anyway , he 's indifferent to I . the patient I do not think it 's indifference . kip come bound in with a fresh can . 48 continued the patient Hana be just tell I you be indifferent - bana ( appal ) hey ! - the patient - to she cooking . kip ( oblivious ) well , I be indifferent to cooking , not Hana 's cooking in particular . ( stabbing at the tin with a bayonet ) have either of you ever try condense milk sandwich ? ext . cairo . day another world as a honk taxi contain almasy and Katherine negotiate the pell - mell bustle of Cairo . ext . shepheard 's HOTEL . day almasy , still in the same clothes , and evidently weary , emerge from the cab , and pull katharine 's belonging from the trunk , then hold open the door for she . as she walk toward the hotel , he hand she bag to a porter . katharine be stung . katharine will you not come in ? almasy no . I should go home . katharine will you please come in ? almasy ( a beat ) Mrs. clifton - katharine turn , disgust . katharine do not . almasy I believe you still have my book . 49 continued katharine fish the book from she knapsack , shove it at he , then disappear . int . almasy 's room . day almasy lie on a camp bed , face down . the wall be cover with map , enlargement of photograph . a fan whir over he kit which be spread , unravelle but order , on the stone floor . a ineffably male room , the shutter close , just the thinnest shaft of light pierce the gloom . almasy have not even remove he clothes , he boot kick off below he jutting foot . there 's a knock at the door . almasy sleep . another . a third . he 's rouse from the dead . it 's katharine . she 's bath , luminous , stand backlit by the afternoon sun - a angel in a cotton dress . he walk towards she and she slap he shockingly hard . he kneel before she , head at she thigh . katharine beat on he head and shoulder , violently , then stop , she face expressionless . katharine you still have sand in you hair . he pull back , to look at she . she kneel and cover he face with kiss . he pull blindly at she dress and it rip across she breast . int . bathroom . day almasy be in the bath . katharine , wear he dress gown , pour in a jug of steaming water . almasy lean over the rim of the bath . he 's sing and sewing , carefully repair the tear dress . katharine I be impressed you can sew . almasy good . katharine you sew very badly . almasy you do not sew at all ! katharine a woman should never learn to sew , and if she can she should not admit to it . Close you eye . 50 continued almasy ( laugh ) that make it harder still . she push the sewing from he hand , then pour water over he head , then begin to shampoo he hair . almasy be in heaven . the biggest smile we have see from he . she continue to massage he scalp . almasy when be you most happy ? katharine now . almasy when be you least happy ? katharine ( a beat ) now . almasy what do you love ? katharine what do I love ? almasy say everything . katharine let I see ... I love water , the fish in it . hedgehogs ! I love hedgehog . she rinse he hair , then slip off the robe and climb in beside he , cover he neck and shoulder in kiss . almasy and what else ? katharine marmite - I be addict ! bath ~- but not with other people ! Islands . you handwrite . I could go on all day . almasy ( kissing she ) go on all day . katharine ( a beat ) my husband . 51 continued almasy look away . almasy what do you hate most ? katharine a lie . what do you hate most ? almasy ownership . be own . when you leave , you should forget I . she freeze , push he away , pull herself out of the bath . she pick up she dress , the thread and needle dangle from it , and walk , drip , out of the room . int . the patient 's room . day Hana sit read from the herodotus . she pulis out a photograph of a small child . hana who be this ? the patient do not you recognize I ? hana ( laugh ) be it you ? so fat ! next she show the patient the page where a christmas cracker wrapper cover in handwrite have be glue in . the patient that 's a Christmas cracker . it be a Christmas cracker . a firecracker . hana this be not you handwrite , be it ? the patient yes , it be . hana {she read what he 's write ) '' December twenty - second ~ betrayal in war be childlike compare with we betrayal during peace . New lover be nervous and 52 continued hana ( cont would ) tender , but smash everything _ for the heart be a organ of fire ... for the heart be a organ of fire ... '' ( she look up ) I love that , I pelieve that . ( to he ) k . who be k ? the patient k be for katharine . ext . ambassador 's S residence , december 1938 . day a christmas party for the troops , the incongruous attempt to create a traditional Christmas in the dusty heat of Cairo . the party be in the courtyard of the moorish Palace , which serve as the private residence of the british ambassador , sir ronnie hampton . lot of wife , include lady hampton and katharine , help serve tea and cake to the soldier who sit at rudimentary table with paper plate and paper hat . a man dress as santa claus be give out present — penguin paperback , chocolate . Christmas carol leak from a loudspeaker . officer and civilian walk the perimeter . one of this , arrive , be almasy . he sit in the shade , catch katharine 's attention . katharine bring he over a cup of tea and a plate with Christmas cake on it . almasy say you be sick . katharine what ? no! almasy say you be feel faint - the heat . katharine ( put a frisson ) no . almasy t can not work . T can not sleep . Lady hampton call impatiently . lady hampton katharine ! 53 continued katharine come . ( to almasy ) I can not sleep . I wake up shouting in the middle of the night . geoffrey think it 's the thing in the desert , the trauma . almasy I can still taste you . katharine ( wave at another woman who push a trolley with teapot ) philippa , this be empty . almasy I '' try to write with you taste in my mouth . ( as she leave ) swoon . in 1l catch you . almasy sit watch the party . the Santa Claus be drag outside by some excited Children . almasy pick at he cake , remove the thick marzipan icing . he 's write on a christmas cracker wrapper , smoothing it out - '' December 22nd . betrayal in war be childlike compare with we betrayal du -' katharine , attend to a table , suddenly sag at the knee , and swoon . people rush to she . lady hampton katharine ! katharine I be fine . no , I be fine . how silly . officer's wife ( help she to sit down ) it 's the heat . lady hampton ( to the other ) she 's quite all right . ( solicitous ) be you pregnant ? katharine I do not think so . 54 continued lady hampton ( squeezing she arm ) how romantic . with Fiona I fall over every five minute . ronnie christen I Lady downfall . katharine do you know , I think I might go inside and sit down for a few minute . lady hampton I ' 11 come with you . katharine no , please . you stay . I shall be absolutely fine . int . storeroom . ambassador 's residence . day a small storeroom inside the Palace - broom , mop , Cleaning equipment . outside , the party be visible as opaque shadow through the bevell glass of the ornate window . the sound of carol sung by the enlist man give way to a version of '' silent night '' play on a solitary bagpipe . Inside , almasy and katharine make love in the darkness . it 's as if the world have stop and there 's only they passion , overwhelming reason and logic and rule . int . corridor , ambassador 's residence . day a corridor . almasy appear and almost immediately collide with the man dress as santa claus . clifton have you see katharine ? almasy ( take aback ) what ? clifton ( pull down he beard ) it 's clifton under here . almasy oh , no , I have not , sorry . int . side room in ambassador 's residence . ' day geoffrey continue scour the warren of tiny room that run off the central courtyard . he find katharine sit in one , smoking , surround by oppressive and elaborate tiling . clifton wonder briefly how almasy have miss katharine . 55 continued clifton darling , I just hear . you poor sausage , be you all right ? katharine I be fine . I be just hot . clifton Lady h say she think you might be pregnant . katharine I be not pregnant . I be just hot . too hot . be not you ? clifton I be sweltering , actually . ( take off he hat and beard ) come on , I x11 take you home . katharine ( close to tear ) can not we really go home ? I can not breathe . be not you die for green , anything green , or rain . it 's Christmas and it 's all - oh , I do not know - if you ask I I have go home tomorrow . if you want . clifton darling , you know we can not go home , there might be a war . katharine ( poke at he costume ) oh , geoffrey , you do so love a disguise . clifton I do so love you . ( he kiss she head ) what do you smell of ? katharine ( horrify ) what ? clifton marzipan ! I think you have get marzipan in you hair . no wonder you be homesick . 56 int . the patient 's room . evening the patient lie alone in he room . then something distract he . caravaggio be stand over he , stare , intense . caravaggio be it you ? the patient what ? caravaggio if I say moose . the patient moose ? who the hell 's moose ? caravaggio come close , scrutinize the face , try to repair the feature . exasperate . caravaggio I look different , why should not you ? the patient I hear you breathe , I think it be the rain . I be die for rain . I be die anyway , but I long for the rain on my face . caravaggio ( a different tack ) first wedding anniversary -~ what do you call it ? the patient I do not know . Paper . be it ? ( sharp , not want to think ) I do not know . Paper . int . office , british hq , cairo . day a SMALL office , share by two man , and a mountain of filing cabinet and paper . there be aerial map all over the wall . clifton be on the telephone , while he colleague , rupert douglas , work at the desk . clifton {into the phone ) darling , it 's I , I be sorry , something 's come up . katharine ( 0 /s ) oh no . 57 continued clifton do not sulk - I x11 be back tomorrow evening . I promise . katharine ( 0 / S ) I be go to sulk . I be go to sit here and sulk until you get back . clifton ( pleased ) good . okay my sausage , I love you . rupert make a face at he friend 's sentimentality . clifton beam . rupert I do not know you be go anywhere ? clifton I be not . I be go to surprise she . it 's we anniversary . she 's forget , of course . what 's the symbol of you first anniversary ? I should get something . be it cotton or paper ? rupert first anniversary ? I think you two have be marry for donkey 's year ? clifton we have be friend for donkey 's year . best friend . she be always cry on my shoulder about somebody - until I persuade she to settle for my shoulder . stroke of genius . {he call through the partition into the next office ) moose , you there ? first anniversary - be that cotton ? a man walk into the office , he code name be moose . we know he as caravaggio . he have fewer grey hair , and thumb . caravaggio be what cotton ? 58 continued clifton first wedding anniversary . caravaggio you first anniversary be Paper . ext . cairo STREET , 0/s shepheard '’s HOTEL . day the approach to the shepheard 's Hotel . geoffrey clifton in a taxi , champagne between he knee . the car ahead of they screech to a halt as a woman hurry across the street . the driver honk he horn angrily . the woman put up a hand in apology as she skip across the street to another taxi . it 's katharine - she ask the driver for a address in the old town . geoffrey , at first excited , be troubled by katharine 's expression . then he see she skip and he whole be puncture . katharine 's cab roar off . his own car jerk forward . clifton stop ! stop here . cabbie please ? yessir . geoffrey sit in the cab . fifty yard short of the hotel . the world rush by . int . almasy' room . late day katharine be in bed . almasy have just put a record on . it 's the folk song hear at the beginning of the film . he slip back under the cover . they clothes be scattered around the room . he lie over a happy katharine . she listen . katharine this be - what be this ? almasy it 's a folk song . katharine Arabic ? almasy no , no , it 's hungarian . my daijka sing it to I when I be a child in budapest . 59 continued katharine ( as they listen ) it 's beautiful . what 's it about ? almasy ( as if interprete ) szerelem mean love ... and the story - there 's this hungarian count , he 's a wanderer , a fool . for year he 's on some kind of a quest , for - who know what ? and then one day he fall under the spell of a mysterious English woman - a harpy - who beat he and hit he and he become she slave and sew she clothes and worship the hem of she - katharine have think for a few second he be serious , then she catch on and start to beat he . almasy ( laugh ) ouch ! see - you be always beat I ...! katharine you bastard , I be believe you ! you should be my slave . they embrace , he lie over she , consider she naked back . almasy I claim this shoulder blade - no , wait - I want - turn over - I want this ! he turn she over , kiss she throat , then trace the hollow indentation . almasy this piace , I love this place , what 's it call - this be mine ! ( katharine do not know ) I be go to ask the King permission to call it the almasy bosphorous . 60 continued katharine ( teasing ) I think we be against ownership ? ( almasy acknowledge the irony ) I can stay tonight . the luxury of this make they both sad . the duplicity . almasy roll away onto he back . almasy madox know , I think . he keep talk about Anna karenina . I think it 's he idea of a man-to - man chat . it 's my idea of a man-to - man chat . katharine this be a different world - be what I tell myself . a different life . and here I be a different wife . almasy yes . here you be a different wife . int . cab , cairo STREET , 0/s shepheard 's HOTEL . night the cab driver be asleep . in the back of the car geoffrey have open the champagne . he let it overflow , then take a swig . he fuss with the tissue paper from the bottle , unravel it , revealing a chain of heart . ext . almasy' house , old cairo . dawn almasy and katharine wander out of he building and into the early morning street , hand in hand . ext . spice market , cairo . dawn the morning prayer rise out from the city 's three minarets . they stop at a stall , which be just prepare to open for the day . katharine examine the collection of silver thimble , pick one up . katharine this be darling . what be they , thimble ? . 61 continued almasy yes . it 's full of saffron , just in case you think I be give it to you to encourage you sewing . he point it out to the merchant who give he a price . without comment , almasy produce the money and , beam , hand the thimble to katharine . almasy I do not care to bargain . katharine that day , have you follow I to the market ? almasy yes , of course . katharine ( leve he , but frighten ) shall we be all right ? almasy yes . yes. ( shrug ) absolutely . ext . cairo STREET . dawn katharine take leave of almasy on the street corner away from the hotel entrance . they do not kiss . there 's a moment when they hand brush , linger , then she leave he at the top of the stair and disappear . int . cab , cairo STREET , 0/s shepheard 's HOTEL . day geoffrey , unshaven , slump in the taxi , watch as katharine cross the street and head towards the hotel . his expression be terrible , try to smile , he face collapse . int . the patient's room . morning '' cheek to cheek '' leak into the room from a gramophone that caravaggio stand over proudly . the patient open he eye - be confuse , dislocate - stare blankly at caravaggio . caravaggio ( grin ) think you would never wake up ! 62 continued the patient what ? Hana come in , sleepily , frown at the gramophone . hana where do you find that ? caravaggio I liberated it . hana I think that 's call looting . caravaggio ( relaxed ) no one should own music . the real question be , who write the song ? the patient Irving Berlin . caravaggio for ? the patient top hat . : caravaggio be there a song you do not know ? hana ( speak for he ) no . he sing all the time . she go over to the patient and kiss he gently . hana good morning . ( of he sing ) do you know that ? you be always sing . the patient I nve be tell before . hana kip 's another one . she go to the window , look over to where the tent be pitch , see hardy shave and kip in the process of wash he hair , he turban hang like a ribbon between two tree to dry . he 's perch a bowl and be dip he long coal - black 63 continued hair into it . as Hana watch kip , caravaggio change the record . the patient identify it immediately . almasy '' wang wang blue . '' caravaggio you nre incredible ! ext . monastery garden . morning . Hana walk towards the tent , and pass hardy . she 's carry a small cup , which she 's a little furtive about . he 's carry a whole armada of oil light . he nod upstairs . hardy good morning , miss . hana hello . you save my life . I have not forget . ( hardy wave that away ) I think you be very very tall . you seem so big and - a giant ! - and I feel like a child who can not keep she balance . hardy ( do a little mime ) a toddler . hana ( smile ) a toddler . she go on outside , and tentatively approach kip , who 's still work at he hair . hana my hair be long . at some point . I have forget what a nuisance it be to wash . he continue to wash . she hold up the cup of oil . hana try this . I find a great jar of it . olive oil . kip thank you . she stand for a second , just want to be close , then shyly walk away . kip examine the oil , call after she . 64 continued kip be this for my hair ? hana ( turn , smile ) yes , for you hair . int . the patient 's room . evening . caravaggio be with the patient . they sit lose in the jazz they be listen to . the patient regards caravaggio . the patient there be a general who wear a patch over a perfectly good eye . the man fight harder for he . sometimes I think I could get up and dance . caravaggio do not respond . the patient what 's under you mitten ? ( still nothing from caravaggio ) what 's under you mitten ? caravaggio stand , go to he , remove he mitten . int . british headquarters , tobruk , JUNE 1942 . day . caravaggio , thumb intact and wear a crumpled linen suit , walk through the mangle corridor of british hq . smoke be rise from building , the ominous scream of stuka dive - bomber in the distance as the harbour be pound , the steady thud of explosion . tobruk be under siege . bhq be a place in the throes of dismantle itself . secretary be visit brazier manned by arab boy who stoke the fire as box of restrict papers be feed into they . ash hover in the air . int . bhq . tobruk day . caravaggio walk through a large room crowded with desk . from one of they , a young woman , aicha , frown at the chaos and the shelling , approach he . aicha be caravaggio 's sometime lover . aicha he 's wait for you . I ' 11 see you tonight ? int . corridor of british headquarters , tobruk . day fenelon - barne and caravaggio make they way down the stair and to the entrance . aicha pass they on the stair , look anxiously at caravaggio . 65 continued fenelon -barne look , moose , we need you to stay in tobruk . I know it 's a bit of a short straw but the think be we will be back - I mean , we will , we will be back - but we need eye and ear on the ground . Jerry 's get we map , you know . swine . before the war we help they run about the desert make map - and now they be get spy into Cairo use we map , they ' 11 get rommel into Cairo use we map . the whole of the desert 's like a bloody bus route and we give it to they . any foreigner who turn up - '' welcome to the Royal geographic , take we map . '' Old madox go mad , you know - do you know Peter madox ? - magnificent explorer - after he find out he would be betrayed by almasy , he best friend . absolutely destroy the poor sod . I have love to get that bastard almasy . settle the score . ext . tobruk . day the Germans invade tobruk . they drop to the ground in cluster of parachute . the harbour rock with explosion . ext . tobruk dockside . day a german troop carrier rumble forward pass a line of bedraggle british pows as they be march along the side of the harbour ; pass a dock in which the mangle carcass of boat send up plume of ugly smoke . ext . tobruk square . day a crowd of tobruk civilian - french and italian among the mostly arab face . they papers be be thoroughly check by officer sit at open desk . in a line , wear he shabby suit , be caravaggio . a arab woman in front of he be argue over the identity of she ominous caucasian - looking baby . a interpreter mediate . the officer do not believe the woman . she 's get frantic at the possibility of lose she child . suddenly there 's a disturbance as a woman be drag along the line by she hair . she 's bloody , and have be torture , and it 's hard to recognize she as the pretty aicha . she be force to consider some horrify member of the line , shake she 66 continued head , moan , fall to she foot . caravaggio do not look , stare straight ahead . a officer watch he as he turn briefly and helplessly out of concern for she . they eye catch for a instant and the officer see it . caravaggio slowly walk away from the line . a soldier shout to halt , the crowd duck for cover . caravaggio put up he arm in surrender . int . interrogation room , tobruk . day caravaggio be slump at a table , he hand manacled to its thick wooden legs . there 's a telephone at another table in the corner of the room attend by a clerk with a stenographer work next to he . the room have stone wall which appear damp , and no window . soldier stand guard at the door . it 's a horrible room . caravaggio be try to sleep , he 's unshaven and pasty - look . his interrogator , muller , seem incredibly tired and aggravate . he approach the table carry a collection of photograph which he lay down on the table in front of caravaggio . muller David caravaggio . caravaggio no . muller ( of the photograph ) this be take in Cairo at british headquarters - July + 41 . and so be this - August * 41 . and this - February ' 42 . caravaggio it 's possible . I be buy or sell something . I have be to Cairo many time . muller you be a canadian spy work for the ally . code name moose . the phone ring again , be answer . the clerk call to muller who get up , irritably . caravaggio address the room . caravaggio could you get I a doctor ? I be sick , I be leak blood . nobody respond . muller be irascible on the phone , check he watch , negotiate time . the call finish . 67 continued clerk ( in german ) he 's ask for a doctor . muller ( to caravaggio ) you want a doctor ? caravaggio I have be ask for week , month , I do not know - muller we do not have a doctor , but we do have a nurse . caravaggio ( take aback ) a nurse ? well , sure , great . a nurse would be great . a nurse ? great . muller nod at the clerk , who instantly get up . just then the telephone ring again . he hesitates . muller ( in german ) leave it and get the nurse ! the clerk exit . muller ( turn to caravaggio ) look - give I something . a name . a code . so we can all get out of this room . ( wiping he face ) I be sick of this heat . it 's too hot . caravaggio I sleep with a girl . I have get a wife in tripoli . a girl come up and point at you , you only see trouble . the nurse come in . she be arab , unbearably young , pure . her head be cover . muller I ' 11 tell you what I be go to do . this be you nurse , by the way . she 's moslem , so she ’1ll understand all of this . what 's the punishment for adultery ? let 's leave it continued muller ( cont no ) at that . you nre marry and you be fuck another woman , so that 's - be it the hand that be cut off ? or be that for steal ? do anyone know ? there 's a silence . muller turn to caravaggio . muller well , you must know . you be bring up in Libya , yes ? caravaggio do not cut I . muller or be it Toronto ? now the phone start again . the clerk pick it up , there 's a terse exchange , he put the receiver on the desk , wait for the moment to interrupt muller . muller ten finger . how about this ? you give I a name for every finger - do not matter who . I get something , you keep something . I be try to be reasonable . caravaggio ( ashen ) do not cut I . come on . muller ( pause , suddenly puzzle ) be thumb finger ? {in german to the other ) be a thumb a finger ? no response . muller open he palm to caravaggio . muller I get no help from this people . muller slam down the telephone receiver . a AIR raid siren be go off somewhere , and now the faint sound of explosion be also discernable , but all muffle in this room along with the steady tap - tap of the stenographer . at ' that moment , muller suddenly become aware of what be happen . he turn on the stenographer . 69 continued muller ( in german ) what be you do ? stenographer ( awkward , in german ) the geneva Convention . I be - muller peremptorily rip out the paper , throw it on the floor . muller the geneva Convention ! ach ! caravaggio hey - come on ! you can not do that ! during this muller 's go to the table , pull out a drawer , and produce a CUT - throat razor . he hand it to the nurse , make a line across he own leave thumb and jerk he head towards caravaggio . the nurse be extremely reluctant . muller clap he hand , push she towards caravaggio . muller go! hey ! gol caravaggio be in terror . caravaggio I will give you name . i’1l give you name . what name do you say ? I have forget the name . tell I the name and I 'il agree . the guard come away from the door and press down on caravaggio 's shoulder to prevent he from move . the nurse , grim -face , approach , kneel at the table , take the blade from muller , take gentle hold of caravaggio 's hand . caravaggio {as she prepare to cut ) please - please - oh please - oh please - I promise . what name do you say ? I know they ! muller ( jabbing at the nurse ) come on ! and then caravaggio scream and scream . the AIR raid be continue outside , the phone be ringing . muller watch as caravaggio be mutilate , he cry continue , he whimper horrible . 70 int . the patient 's room . night . caravaggio , he hand reveal , thumbless , advance on the patient , he cry still ringing in the room . caravaggio { the man who take my thumb , I find he eventually - I kill he . the man who take my photograph , I find he too - that take I a year . he 's dead . another man help get that man across the desert to Cairo . I have be leok for he . int . library of the department of egyptology . day madox and almasy be campe in one corner of the library , hunch over they map and papers and journal and clash furiously over the site of the next part of the expedition . madox ( push away he chart ) you can not get through there . almasy I be look again at Bell 's map . if we can find a way to cross the wadi we can drive straight up into Cairo ... ( he point at a map ) - and this whole spur be a real possibility ... madox so - on Thursday you do not trust Bell 's map - '' Bell be a fool , Bell could not draw a map '' - but on Friday he 's suddenly infallible ? almasy be surprised by madox 's anger . madox and where be the expedition Maps ? almasy in my room . madox that map belong to his majesty 's government . they should not be leave lie 71 continued madox ( cont no ) around for any Tom , Dick or Harry to have sight of . almasy what on earth 's the matter with you ? madox do not be so bloody naive . you know there 's a war break out . ( he toss a slip of paper onto the map , recite its message ) this arrive this morning . by order of the british government - all International expedition to be abort by May 1939 . ext . cairo souk . late afternoon almasy and madox walk through the souk , the bar fill up as the stall be close . both of they be sombre . almasy what do they care about we map ? madox what do we find in the desert ? arrowhead , spear . in a war , if you own the desert , you own North Africa . almasy ( contemptuous ) own the desert . almasy hesitates at a junction , clearly about to take he leave of madox . almasy madox - that place , that place at the base of a woman 's throat ? you know , the hollow , here ~- do it have a official name ? madox look at he . madox for God 's sake , man - pull yourself together . 72 int . OPEN - AIR cinema , cairo . evening the OPEN - AIR cinema be just beginning its evening programme . pathe news begins and we date the event to April 1939 . story of imminent war jostle with image of merrie England . Village green , sport victory , record sunshine on the Isle of wight . alone among the neck couple - mostly soldier with they egyptian girlfriend - sit katharine . she 's wait for almasy . katharine be wretch . she sit , head down , hardly watch the screen , maroon in she despair about duplicity , sordid assignation . almasy arrive , slide in beside katharine , he shadow momentarily large across the screen . almasy sorry . they watch the screen . katharine be weep . almasy do not understand . he put he arm around she . katharine I ea not do this , I can not do this anymore . int . OPEN - AIR cinema , cairo . evening later and katharine and almasy sit stiffly under the bleacher while the main feature - a busby Berkeley revue - play in the background . finally , katharine get up . katharine I no better go now . say goodbye here . almasy I be not agree . do not think I be agree , because I be not . they stand , awkward . katharine rehearse she position . katharine any minute now , he 'il find out , we all barge into someone - it will kill he . almasy do not go over it again , please . he take she hand , lay he cheek into they . she pull she hand away as she make for the exit . he call after she . 73 continued almasy katharine - he look toward she , he smile awful . almasy I just want you to know . I be not miss you yet . she nod , can not find this funny . katharine you will . you will . she turn sharply from he and bang she head against the bleacher support , stagger at the shock of it , then hurry away . int . the patient's room . night the patient 's stertorous breathe , each intake accompany by a small noise , a note , suddenly stop . then it steady again . he appear to be alone . caravaggio lie under he bed , smoking , a vigil . int . ambassador 's residence , cairo , 1939 . night last see at the troops 's Christmas party , the inner courtyard have be transformed into a elegant outdoor banquet , with a small band provide entertainment . the aimasy / madox team be assemble for a farewell dinner . they be wait for almasy to arrive , he seat conspicuously empty . he be very late . and then he 's there , dangerously drunk , terribly dash . he practically dance to he chair which he drag violently away from its position opposite katharine . he bow to Lady hampton . almasy I believe I be rather late . madox ( ignore the drama of this entrance ) good , we be all here ? a toast , to the International Sand Club - may it soon resurface . the other the International Sand Club ! almasy ( raise he glass ) the International Sand Club ! misfit , bugger , fascist , and fool . God bless we , everyone . 74 continued the other drink , try to ignore he mood . almasy oops ! must not say International . dirty word . filthy word . his majesty ! die fuhrer ! Il duce ! clifton sorry , what 's you point ? almasy ( not respond ) and the people here do not want we . you must be joke . the egyptian be desperate to get rid of the colonial ... ( to a embarrassed fouad ) be not that right , fouad ? some of they best people down on they hand and knee begging to be spare a knighthood ... ( to he host , Sir hampton ) be not that right ? be not that right , Sir ronnie ? ronnie hampton shrug . they be all very uncomfortable . almasy turn to clifton . almasy what 's my point ? ( stand up ) oh ! I have invent a new dance ~ anybody up for it - it 's call - it 's call - the bosphorus bug. madox ? bermann ? you will dance with I ... d’ag ? come on D aagger . D 'o agostino let 's eat first . sit down . the Band be now play ' Manhattan 's almasy , without miss a beat , begin to sing , replace the word with alternative he know . he lurch around . katharine can not look at he . almasy ' 4 + . we will bathe at Brighton , the fish you will frighten when you be in - you bathing suit so thin , will make the shellfish grin , fin to fin . 's they nre play it far too 75 continued almasy ( cont no ) slowly , but this be the word , actually , before they be clean up . might be a song for you , Mrs. clif - madox get up and pull almasy into he chair , take charge . madox ( whisper sharply ) look , either shut up , or go home . you be completely plaster ! now sit down . almasy ( loudly ) absolutely right , shut up , shut up . sorry . I be so sorry . I can not think what come over I . lashing of apology — all round . ext . ambassador 's residence . night later , and now most of the group be dancing . we see katharine dance with rupert Douglas , enjoy herself . bermann be there and even madox - jogging and grin foolishly . clifton look at katharine who , as the dance end , excuse herself to go to the cloakroom . almasy hover in the shadow , unseen . int . ambassador's residence . night katharine come along the familiar warren of room and corridor and be suddenly confront by almasy , torture and out of control . almasy why be you hold he collar ? katharine what ? almasy ( mimick she inflection ) what ? that boy , that little boy , you be hold he collar , you be grip he collar , what for ? be he next ? you go to drag he into you little room ? where be it ? be this it ? katharine do not do this . 76 continued almasy ( press she against the wall ) I have watch you - I have watch you at garden party , on verandah , at the race - how can you stand there ? how can you ever smile ? as if you life have not capsize ? katharine you know why . you know why . he try to hold she . she resist . they be both in torment . almasy dance with I . katharine no . almasy ( trace she shoulder blade ) dance with I . I want to touch you . I want the thing which be mine . which belong to I . katharine ( sobbing ) do you think you be the only one who feel anything ? be that what you think ? int . the patient 's room . night Hana sit with the patient . his eye be full of tear . he open they , see she watch over he . he 's embarrassed . the patient why do not you go ? get some sleep . hana would you like I to ? he nod . she get up from she sewing , then leave . int . the monastery , landing and stair . night Hana leave the room , then turn and see a tiny lamp on the floor . it 's make from a snail shell fill with oil . she bend to it curiously , then see & second lamp half - way down the stair , then a third further down . she smile in the light , then follow the trail . 77 ext . the monastery cloister . night in the cloister the trail of shell lamp continue , like tiny cat 's eye . as they reach the hopscotch chalk mark , they outline the square . Hana hopscotch and then follow the light , disappear around a corner . int . the monastery stable . night Hana come through into the stable . the lamp lead she , then they stop . she peer into the shadow . kip ( 0 / 5 ) Hana she turn to the voice . he step out of the darkness . hana ( happy ) kip . and he go to she . ext . arezzo . dusk kip , Hana cling onto he , steer the motorbike in the desert piazza . they dismount and walk up to the door of the church . int . church . dusk they enter the Church . it 's in almost total darkness . kip circle Hana with the rope , making a sling across she waist and shoulder . he light a small flare and hand it to she before disappear into the gloom . Hana stand hold the flare . kip run up a hill of sandbag , right up into the rafter . be collect the other end of the rope which be attach to Hana . holding on to it , he just step off into the darkness . simultaneously hana be swung up into the AIR , she startle yelp echoing around the Church . kip touch ground , while Hana swing through space , come to rest about three foot from the frescoed wall , paint by piero della francesca . Hana 's flare make a halo around she head . now kip , on the ground , still hold the rope , walk forward and cause Hana to swing to the right . she let out a giddy laugh , exhilated and nervous , and she fly , illuminate - en passant - face , body , angel . kip guide the rope as if they be make love , which in a way they be . 78 continued Hana arrive , hover , in front of the queen of sheba talking to solomon . she 's overwhelm . she reach out to touch the giant neck of the sad Queen . int . kip 's tent . niget Hana lie over kip in the stable , a naked white body plait into a brown one . hana if one night I do not come to see you , what would you do ? kip I try not to expect you . hana yes , but if it get late and T have not show up ? kip then I have think there must be a reason . hana you would not come to find I ? ( kip shrug ) that make I never want to come here . ( kip still will not respond ) then I tell myself he spend all day search , in the night he want to be find . then kip turn , roll over to face she . kip I do . I do want you to find I . I do want to be find . I do . ext , the monastery stable . early morning hardy knock cautiously on the door of the stable . eventually Hana open the door . hardy ah , I be look for Lieutenant Singh . hana he 's sleep . hardy only we have get to go to work . 79 continued hana I all tell he . what be it ? be it a mine ? hardy it 's a bomb . up by the viaduct . she close the door , then reappear . hana do he have to go ? hardy pardon I ? hana what if you could not find he ...? ( hardy 's bewilder ) sergeant , not today , please . not this morning . kip come to the door , wind he turban . kip what 's happen ? be I need ? hardy I be afraid so , sir . kip hurry to he tent . Hana follow he . hana do not go . I be frighten . kip this be what I do . I do this every day . ext . a viaduct NORTH of the monastery . day kip be lower by a pulley into the shaft the sapper have make around the bomb . hardy supervise . the bomb 's huge - 2,000 pound - and protrude ostrich - like from the pit , its nose sink into a pool of sludge at the base of the viaduct . kip step off and sink knee - deep in mud , grunt in disgust . warily , he touch he huge opponent , feel the condition of the case . he wipe the metal . reveal a serial number , call it out to hardy , who 's perch on the bank . 80 continued kip serial number - kk-ip2600 . kip stare at the number . a bomb with he name on it . hardy ( note it down ) kk-ip2600 sir! I ' 11 , get the oxygen . ext . road approaching viaduct . day Hana cycle along on caravaggio 's bicycle . a tank come roaring up behind she , then a second and third , load up with people - citizen and soldier , and child - wave flag and gesticulate . she let the metal circus go by . int . bomb shaft . day back in the shaft , kip work away , he finger shaking with the cold from the oxygen he 's use to freeze the fuse . suddenly there 's a violent tremor . the ground be shuddering , and kip 's tool be fall into the sludge . kip hardy ! what 's happen ?! ext . viaduct . day the tank be rumbling towards the viaduct . horn start sounding . hardy , below , bellow at he man above for explanation . hardy corporal !? dade ( lean over the parapet of the viaduct ) tank , sir . do not know what it 's about . hardy ( incredulous ) stop they ! kip hardy ! hardy what be this - a bloody carnival ? stop they ! kip the fuse have snap ! 81 continued two sapper run across the bridge towards the oncoming procession . they wave they orange flag , the tank wave back with they flag - star and stripe , Union jack . now shot be ringing out . in the shaft , oblivious , kip slide out from under the bomb , the oxygen spurting everywhere , all over he clothes , hiss on the surface of the water . hardy bend into the shaft , heedless of he own safety . hardy you have get to cut , sir , that frost will not last . kip go away . hardy yessir . kip this be make I incredibly angry . hardy I know , sir . kip rub he hand to warm they up , locate he needle plier , and slip they through the tiny gap . his hand touch the case and the freeze burn he hand . he jerk back , dropping the plier into the watery sludge , cursing . above they the tank be rumbling over the bridge , send drizzle of dust onto they from the fragile structure . the cheer continue , oblivious to the crisis below . now kip 's on he hand and knee in the sludge , try frantically to find the plier . hardy look at he watch , he can not help . the second run out as kip groveis in the mud . hardy can you feel they ? then , suddenly kip emerge with the plier , soak , shudder . he do not know where to cut . bardy cut it sir , you ' have get to cut itl he go straight to a expose loop , no finesse , and cut . there 's a snip . then nothing . ext . viaduct . day kip and hardy emerge from they ordeal to join what appear to be a party . there be wine bottle and embrace . they be bewilder . 82 continued hardy get a blanket ! ( not get attention ) Spalding - get a blanket for the Lieutenant ! dade it 's over , Sir ! it 's over . Jerry 's surrender . ( to kip ) well do , well do , Sir ! and now they be all shaking hand and slapping back , and the soldier from the tank be there and the victory celebration begin . kip 's blank , drain , not take anything in , as dade wrap a blanket around he shoulder . Hana arrive on the bicycle and she and kip embrace privately amidst the celebration . a different kind of victory for they . int . the patient 's room . night Thunder break over the monastery . Hana suddenly come to the door of the room . she look mischievous . hana it 's raining . and then she burst out laugh . ext . the monastery cloister . morning a whoop precede the headlong rush of kip , hardy , and caravaggio as they cart the patient across . the cloister like Manic stretcher - bearer . Hana be with they , check on the patient who bounce uncomfortably . he be nervous , a little giddy , but laugh . he try to say something . caravaggio what 's he say ? bana he 's say it 's wonderful . the rain bucket down as they circle the pond , Hana 's umbrella threaten to lift she into the air . int . the patient's room . night a victory celebration party . the gramophone play . kip sit in the window , the shutter open , the village light up behind he head , nodd to the music , suck out of he condense milk . elsewhere there be a open 83 continued bottle of cognac , some wine . the patient have a beaker of wine . caravaggio be dance with Hana . hana kip - come and dance with we . kip ( a sly wobble of the head ) later . hana oh , come on . the patient watch , he head nodd to the music . the patient yeah ! ext . village square . night a tiny piazza where the sapper and the villager be have they own , more raucous , Victory feste . there be accordion , there 's dance , and there 's hardy , stripped to some exotic underpant , clamber up the statue of a first ~ world - war soldier in the middle of the fountain . it 's currently sport a german helmet and hardy have a british replacement in he hand . he also have a union jack flag between he tooth . he 's extremely drunk and extremely happy . the rest of the bomb squad and the other party - goer roar they approval . int . the patient's room . night Hana and caravaggio be still dance . there 's a muffle thud in the distance . kip 's ear prick up . he glance for a instant out of the window . hana ( anxious , of the noise ) what be that ? she be spin with caravaggio . when she come around again , kip have go . ext . village square , italy 1945 . night kip 's motorbike skid into the tiny piazza . a military ambulance be already there . the shattered fountain , the sluice flagstone , shine wet and slick , give some clue as to what 's happen , as do the elderly stand in the shadow , the distress girl , arm in arm . one girl , young and 84 continued quite strike , be particularly inconsolable , she grief sobbed out at the door of the ambulance . spald salute kip , who wave he salute away , just want to know what happen . spald booby trap . sergeant hardy be run up the Union Jack , sir , up off that statue - it just go off , sir . dade sergeant hardy climb up , sir , just for a lark . should have be I , it be my idea . kip go to the ambulance . Spalding try to stop he . spald Sir - you do not want to look . kip step into the back of the ambulance , bend over both body , do look , then come out , past the weep girl . kip who 's that girl ? dade his fiancee , sir . kip ( confuse ) hardy 's ? dade he keep it a bit dark . ext . the stable . late day Hana approach . kip be inside the stable , the door latch . he sit , impassively , still shocked , as Hana try to make contact . hana kip . kip . it 's I . I be 80 sorry about what happen . ( no response ) can I talk to you ? ( no response ) why will not you talk to I ? I do not understand . let I come in . she kick at the door in she frustration . kip do not move , do not appear to hear . 85 continued hana please , kip , please ! kip do not respond . Hana be at a loss . int . patient's room . evening the patient listen as Hana come back into the monastery , climb the stone step to she room . he do not know what 's happen . feel desperately isolate . the patient Hana ? Hana ? int . hana 's room . evening later , and Hana sit in she room , despondent , lose in she thought . then she be distract by conversation in the patient 's room below . int . the patient 's room . night the patient 's eye open to see caravaggio at the morphine . the patient Hana tell I you be leave . caravaggio ( prepare the injection ) there 's go to be trial , they want I to interpret , do not they know I be allergic to courtroom ? he deliver the injection into the patient 's arm . the patient sigh . caravaggio take off he jacket . a pistol be stick in he waistband , and he place it ominously on the altar . the patient see it . caravaggio so , I come across the Hospital convoy - ( hold up the syringe ) - I be look for this stuff , and this nurse , Mary , tell I about you and Hana , hide in some monastery , in - retreat - ( he administer he own injection , use he tooth to grip the sleeve ) - how you come out of the Desert and you be burn and you do not remember you 86 continued caravaggio ( cont have ) name but you know the word to every song that ever be and you have one possession - a copy of herodotus - and it be fill with letter and cutting and then I know it be you . ( he glare at the patient ) I see you write in that book . at the embassy in Cairo , when I have thumb and you have a face and a name . the patient T see . upstair , sit on she bed , Hana listen with increase concern . caravaggio before you go over to the Germans , before you get rommel 's spy across the desert and inside british headquarters . he take some pretty good photograph - I see mine in that torture room in tobruk , so - they make a impression . the patient I have to get back to the desert . I make a promise . the rest mean nothing to I . caravaggio what do you say ? the patient the rest mean nothing to I . caravaggio there be a result to what you do . it be not just another expedition . ( hold up hand ) it do this . if the british have not unearth that photographer , thousand of people could have die . the patient thousands of people do die , just different people . 87 continued caravaggio yes , like madox ? the patient what ?! caravaggio you know he shot himself - you best friend ? when he find out you be a spy . the patient ( appal ) no. madox think I be a spy ? no. no . I be never a spy . ext . base camp at the cave of swimmer . 1939 . day the expedition team be pack up the base Camp . madox and almasy be walk together towards the plateau where fouad , al auf , and other work at the car . madox it 's ghastly , it 's like a witch hunt - anybody remotely foreign be suddenly a spy , 50 watch out . almasy right . madox we do not care about country . do we ? brit , Arabs , hungarian , Germans . none of that matter , do it ? it be something finer than that . almasy yes . it be . madox when 's clifton pick you up ? almasy | tomorrow afternoon . do not worry , I '1l be ready . madox I ' 11l leave the plane in kufra Oasis . so if you need it ... hard to know how long one 's talk about . we might all be back in a month or two . continued madox kneel and take a handful of sand , put it into he pocket . almasy put out a hand . this be a moment of great emotional weight for they both , conduct as if nothing be happen . madox I have to teach myself not to read too much into everything . come of too long have to read so much into hardly anything at all . almasy Goodbye , my friend . they shake hand . madox ( in Arabic ) May God make safety you companion . almasy ( a tradition ) there be no god. nsmile ) but I hope someone look after you . madox clamber up the hill , then remember something , jab at he throat . madox in case you be still wonder - this be call the suprasternal notch . almasy nod . madox come and visit we in dorset . when all this nonsense be over . ( then shrug , thick with feel ) you x11 never come to dorset . almasy watch madox leave . int . patient 's room . day the patient be still digest the news of madox 's suicide . caravaggio be a little surprised at he response . continued caravaggio you do not know madox kill himself ? and you do not kill the clifton ? the patient no. no. ( now he be overwhelm by the pain of he memory ) she ... she ... ( then suddenly he 's clear ) well , maybe I do . maybe I do . unseen to either of they Hana listen , full of emotion , as the story unfold . ext . base camp at the cave of swimmer . 1939 . day almasy sit on a ridge transfer map information from he herodotus onto a sheet of paper . he look up at the sound of clifton 's approach steerman . it pass fast and horribly close to he head . the patient ( 0 / S ) I be pack up the base Camp at the cave of swimmer . clifton have arrange to fly down from Cairo to collect I . he fly like a madman , 80 I do not take much notice ... clifton be fly towards the landing strip . from the air it 's possible to make out almasy scramble down from the ridge towards where stone indicate a landing area , carry the last of the material from the cave of swimmer . ext . base camp at the cave of swimmer . day almasy watch as the plane drop toward he , shield he eye against the sun . he stoops to gather up he luggage . almasy look up to see the plane swerve , now suddenly heading straight toward he . he 's completely vulnerable , nowhere to run . he dive at the ground . the plane smashes against a invisible ridge and turn over and over , the wing snap off like twig as it hurtle past the prostrate almasy . he get to he foot and start to run towards the wreckage . a blue line of smoke be uncoil from the plane , but no fire . almasy pull away the debris to find geoffrey - slumped , neck broken , bloody . he try to move he , and in the process reveal , to he absolute horror , katharine , staring grimly ahead , unable to move . he 's frantic . 90 continued almasy katharine ! oh dear God , katharine - what be you do here ? katharine ( eye roll , a incredible weariness ) I can not get out . I can not move . almasy start to pull at the wreck around she . during this - katharine ' a surprise 's he say . ( she can hardly talk ) poor geoffrey . he know . he must have know all the time . he be shouting - '' I love you , katharine , I love you 80 much . '' be he badly hurt ? almasy I have to get you out . almasy pute he arm around katharine to try and pull she clear . she can not stand the pain . katharine please do not move I . almasy I have to get you out . katharine it hurt too much . almasy ( can not bear to hurt she ) . I know , darling , I be sorry . he pull - hard - the pain from which cause katharine to gasp , then pass out . he lift she gently into he arm and carry she from the danger of the place . ext . the cave of swimmer . day almasy have wrapped katharine in the silk fold of her parachute and emerge from near the familiar cleft in the rock , struggle with the exertion of the climb as they approach the cave of swimmer . he have a large water bottle sling around he neck and a haversack , and be load like a pack horse . katharine open she eye . 91 continued katharine ( whisper ) why do you hate I ? almasy what ? katharine do not you know you drive everybody mad ? almasy shhhh . do not talk . katharine ( gasp ) you speak so many bloody language and you never want to talk . they stagger on . he suddenly notice a stain of gold at she neck . it 's saffron , leak from a silver thimble which hang from a black ribbon . almasy ( overwhelm ) you be wear the thimble . katharine of course . you idiot . I always wear it . I have always wear it . I have always love you . almasy cry as he walk - huge sob , no word - convulse with the pain of it . they approach the cave . int . cave of swimmer . day almasy come through in shadow , carry katharine , block out the light that pour into the entrance of the cave . once inside , he set she down incredibly gently , make a bed of blanket and the parachute . he turn on he flashlight . katharine it 's so cold . almasy I know . I '' sorry . I x11 make a fire . int . cave of swimmer . torchlight as he make the fire , the light send he shadow flitting across the walis . 92 continued katharine do you get geoffrey from the plane ? almasy ( reluctant ) yes . katharine thank you . almasy ( as he work ) listen to I , katharine . you have break you ankle and I be go to have to try and bind it . I think you have also break you wrist - and maybe some rib , which be why it 's hurt you to breathe . I be go to have to walk to £ 1 Taj . although give ail the traffic in the desert this day I be bound to bump into one army or another . and then I nil be back and you will be fine . the fire be light and he come over to she , kneel beside she . katharine do you promise ? I would not want to die here . I do not want to die in the desert . I have always have rather a elaborate funeral in mind , with particular hymn . very English . and I know exactly where I want to be bury . in we garden . where I grow up . with a view of the sea . so promise I you x11 come back for I . almasy I promise I x11 come back . I promise I will never leave you . now , you have plenty of water and food . he kiss she tenderly . pull out he herodotus and lay it beside she . then he put down the flashlight . 93 continued almasy and a good read . ( of the flashlight battery ) do not waste this . katharine thank you . ( cloud over ) will you bury geoffrey ? I know he 's dead . almasy I be sorry , katharine . katharine I know . he 's tear strip from the parachute with he knife . almasy every night I cut out my heart but in the morning it be full again . he lean over she , desperately worried for she . she smile . katharine darling . my darling . ext . the desert . dawn almasy 's walk . he 's sing to keep awake . darktown strutter 's Ball . - 's I '11 be down to get you in the taxi , honey ...’ ext . the desert . night almasy trudge on . the patient ( 0 /s ) I stop at noon and at twilight . ' Three day there 's , I tell she , ' then three hour back by car . do not go anywhere . i’1l be back . I ' 1l be back 's . ext . the desert . dusk almasy continue , he journey take he through mile of undulate dune . ext . EL taj . day finally almasy arrive at the outskirt of El Taj . he stagger 94 continued towards this ancient Trading Post . a brtish sentry watch he approach with interest . ext . square at EL taj . day . the sentry , a corporal , bring almasy into a square . a young officer sit at a table in the shadow of he office . his staff car be park in the shade . officer good morning ! ( the corporal have a water bottle , hand it to almasy ) so , golly , where have you come from ? almasy ( gulp the water , try to summon he thought ) there 's be a accident . I need a doctor - to come with I . and I need to borrow this ear . i’1l pay , of course , and I need , I need morphine and - officer May I see you papers , sir ? almasy what ? officer if I could just see some form of identification ? almasy ( brain racing ) I be sorry , I be not make sense , forgive I , I nve be walk , I have - there 's a woman badly injure at gilf kebir , in the cave of swimmer . I be a member of the Royal geographical Society . officer right . now , if I could just take you name . almasy ( try to control he feeling ) Count laszlo de almasy . 95 continued the Officer be write this down . a glance at he corporal . officer almasy - would you mind spelling that ? what nationality would that be ? almasy look , listen to I . a woman be die - my wife ! - be die . I have be walk for three day ! I do not want to spell my name , I want you to give I this car ! officer ( write ) I understand you be agitate - perhaps if you have like to sit down I could radio back to hq - ? almasy ( snap ) no ! no ! do not radio anybody , just , just give I the fuck car ! almasy set on the Officer , haul he by the lapel , but then immediately lose he balance . as he stumble up he get the stock of the corporal 's rifle across he head , knocking he to the ground . int . cave of swimmer . torchlight katharine have be write in the herodotus . the torchlight flicker as it illuminate some word - ' drag myself outside 's be legible , then ' we die , we die 's - she shake the torch . it flicker again . then go out . absolute blackness . the sound of she tremble breath , of she terror . ext . EL taj STREET . day almasy , head pound , be in the back of the jeep , chain to . the tailgate . he 's desperate . the corporal be drive . almasy ( shouting , hoarse ) stop the car . please . a woman be die ! corporal listen , fritz , if I have to listen to another word from you I be go to give you a fuck good hide . 96 continued almasy fritz ? what be you talk about ? fritz ? corporal that 's you name innit ? Count Fucking arsehole von bismarck ? what 's that suppose to be then , irish ? almasy , berserk , start to yank at he chain , scream . almasy please ! you have to listen ! please , listen to I - katharine ! katharine ! ext . a train , the desert . dusk a train scuttle through the desert . int . train , the desert . dusk almasy be handcuffed to the metal grille of the goods compartment . he 's lie down among a bunch of other prisoner and they little bundle of possession in this makeshift cell - some Arabs , some italian . aa sergeant push a lavatory - bound prisoner along the corridor , leave behind a young private who sit on a pack case , with a rifle across he lap , read a penguin edition of gulliver Travels . almasy be in complete despair to be on the train . he try to move , but he 's lock tight to the grille . he rattles the cuff against the metal . almasy Excuse I . ( the soldier look up ) I also need to use the lavatory . soldier you will have to wait . almasy it 's urgent . soldier ( call up the corridor ) sarge ! Jerry want to use the lav - say it 's urgent . almasy where be we go , please ? 97 continued soldier up North , to the coast . benghazi . soon be there . get you a boat back home . almasy can not bear this news . fhe sergeant return , consider the request . sergeant go on then - you take he . I have be up and down this bloody train all day . int . train corridor , the desert . day the soldier push almasy along the corridor . they arrive outside the lavatory . the soldier be distract for a split second . enough for almasy to elbow he savagely in the stomach , wind he , before batter he with he fist . he wrap he cuff around the soldier 's neck and - yanking they together and twist - proceed to strangle the young soldier . int . train , the desert . evening almasy clamber over the guardrail and leap off , tumble into the desert sunset . ext . railway track , the desert . evening almasy , silhouett against the evening sky , hobble back down the track , three hundre mile away from the die katharine clifton , no way now of save she . he be a tiny speck in the vast desert . his heart break . he sink to he knee in despair . int . the patient 's room . night the patient be exhaust . he have say aloud what have torture he . his failure to save katharine . he look at caravaggio . the patient so yes . she die because of I . because I love she . because I have the wrong name . caravaggio and you never get back to the cave ? ext . kufra oasis . day almasy be uncover the tarpaulin which have be protect madox 's TIGER moth . around he be german soldier , two of whom be bring can of gasoline towards the plane . 98 continued the patient ( 0 / S ) I do get back . I keep my promise . I be assist by the Germans . I have we expedition map . and after the british make I they enemy , I give they enemy we map . almasy carry a mapcase and hand it over to the german officer , who salute he and walk toward he car . almasy turn to the plane , rip off a sign madox have pin to a wing . it read see you in dorset . the patient ( 0 /s ) so I get back to the desert and to katharine in madox 's English plane with german gasoline . when I arrive in Italy , on my medical chart , they write ' English patient 's be not that funny , after all that I become English . int . the patient's room . day caravaggio be look out the window , he mind racing , he resolve evaporate . caravaggio you get to the morning and the poison leak away , do not it ? Black night . I think I would kill you . the patient you can not kill I . I die year ago . caravaggio no , I can not kill you now . above they , in she room , Hana stand , have hear it all , the whole story ; the whole puzzle finally in place . ext . the monastery . approaching dawn kip have pull out all of hardy 's gear . now he start on the tent , kick at the peg , collapse it . Hana come out into the garden , to join he . she say nothing . kip we have be post . North of Florence . 99 continued now he 's try to fold a shirt . Hana take it from he . she fold it . kip I be think yesterday - yesterday ! - the patient , and hardy : they be everything that 's good about England . I could not even say what that be . we do not exchange two personal word , and we have be together through some terrible thing , some terrible thing . {still incredulous ) he be engage to a girl in the village ! - I mean - ( look at Hana ) ~- and we - he never once ... he do not ask I if I could spin the ball at cricket or the kama sutra or - I do not even know what I be talk about . hana you love he . ext . ( near the ) base camp at the cave of swimmer . 1942 . day the familiar cleft in the rock . the Tiger moth land . int . cave of swimmer . torchlight a flashlight flicker in the cave . almasy appear . katharineas corpse lie where he leave she - a ghost on a bed of silk and blanket . the chill of the cave have preserve she . she could be asleep . almasy katharine . he sob , whisper to she . he 's terribly cold , exhaust . he slip underneath the cover to be next to she , and close he eye . int . the patient's room . morning Hana sit with the English patient - the room shutter against the morning light . his breathe be noticeably worsen , a shudder of a breath , the shallow rise and fall of he chest hardly perceptible . Hana fret , touch he wrist , feel for the pulse . 100 continued the patient I be still here . hana you would better be . the patient do not depend on it . will you ? that little bit of air , in my lung , each day get less and less , which be all right , which be quite all right . I have be speak to caravaggio , my research assistant . he tell I there 's a ghost in the cloister . I can join he . Hana be distract by the sound of kip 's motorbike . kip ( of /s ) ( distant ) Hana . the patient it 's the boy . ext . the monastery . day kip sit on the motorbike , wait for Hana . she go to he , stand , fasten the top button of he coat . you feel she might just climb on the seat behind he . but she do not . neither of they can think what to say . hana i’1l always go back to that church . look at my painting . kip I ' 11 always go back to that church . hana so one day we 'il meet . be nod , wind up the throttle , and be go . Hana walk back to the patient 's room . int . the patient 's room . day Hana pick up the hypodermic to prepare he injection . she take a vial . the patient be watch she . he reach out and push two more vial toward she . they eye meet , then he shovel another , then all of they . she look at he . it 's a massive lethal dose . 101 i continued Hana decide , start to prepare the injection , she eye fill with tear . the patient nod , smile , whisper . the patient thank you . she hold the load syringe up to the light . she 's sobbing violently . the patient 's expression be full of peace . the patient read to I , will you ? read I to sleep . int . the patient's room . day Hana lie beside the English patient . she have the herodotus and be read to he from the passage katharine have write as she wait for he in the cave of swimmer . hana ( read ) ' my darling , I be wait for you . how long be a day in the dark ? or a week ? the fire be go now and I be horribly cold . 's the read continue , but sometimes it 's katharine 's own voice that 's hear . hana ' I really ought to drag myself outside - but then there would be the sun . I be afraid I waste the light on the painting and on write this word . we die , we die rich with lover and tribe , taste we have swallow ... body we have enter and swum up like river , fear we have hide in like this wretch cave ... 's int . the cave of swimmer . torchlight almasy smudge katharine 's pale face with saffron from the thimble . he press he cheek to hers , smoothes she hair , with incredible tenderness . katharine ( 0 /s ) «.. I want all this mark on my body . we be the real country , not the boundary draw on map with the name of powerful man ... 102 continued ext . cave of swimmer . day almasy come out of the cave , carry the bundle of katharine in he arm , wrap in the silk of she parachute . he 's shudder in the throes of he grief , but there 's no sound . katharine ( 0 / 5 ) 's . I know you will come and carry I out into the palace of wind ... that 's all I have want - to walk in such a place with you , with friend , a earth without map . int . the patient 's room . day the patient be slip away a8 Hana read the last of katharine 's message . hana ' the lamp 's go out ... and I be write in the darkness . ' she look up from the book . his eye roll , he preathing quiet , then stop . ext . lane outside the monastery garden . day caravaggio be at the gate to the monastery . a truck isp wait with he . a family sit in the back of the truck . caravaggio stand with a young woman . he shout into the garden . caravaggio Hana ! int . the patient's room . day Hana linger in the empty room . fhe mattress stripped bare . no sign of they stay - caravaggio ( 0 / 8 ) Hana , come on ! Hana ! Hana make to leave , then see the herodotus lie on the pedside cabinet , and scoops it up . ext . lane outside monastery garden . day Hana come out to the truck , carry the small bundle of she belonging . caravaggio make some introduction , beginning with the woman driver , gioia . she and caravaggio amile like lover . caravaggio Hana - this be gioia . gioia smile , shake Hana 's hand . 103 ft continued hana buon giorno . caravaggio she nil take you as far as Florence . hana I can get in the back . and she clamber up , sit down between the child . they exchange some small stiff , shy smile , and then the truck bounce away . Hana take one final look at the monastery as it disappear around the bend and then turn and confront the life insist noisily in the truck . int . TIGER moth . day inside the cockpit : {he couple as at the front of the film . almasy , obliterate by goggle and helmet , katharine ahead of he , slump forward as if sleep . the plane bank over the dark ravine of the gilf kebir , and then suddenly , the rock have go , give way to the earth without map - the desert - stretch out for mile after mile . almasy , the English patient , look down on it . the end 104