the woodsman base on the play by Steven fechter written by Steven fechter &amp ; Nicole kassell winner 1st Prize 2001 slamdance screenplay competition July 30 , 2002 begin title - open sequence montage over black we hear the rhythmic sound of machinery . this sound will continue throughout the title sequence as other sound fade in and out . we move forward and back in time . ext . apartment - day a sparrow flutter in birdseed on a window sill . more bird crowd a bird feeder that hang above . ext . school playground - day a lone child swing lazily on a swing . other child tear about in a wild game of chase . int . lumberyard warehouse - day close on a piece of wood as it be feed through a wood chipper . a man finish feed the log into the chipper . he pause to wipe the sweat and grime from he face . he be walter , early forty , feature handsome but harden by time . int . bus - early morning walter be silhouett by the early morning light . he hold a duffel bag in he lap and watch out the bus window . the sun be just rise over the horizon , streak of pink and purple graze the frost ground . wilderness give way to freeze farmland . int . police department - day walter stand at a counter , a female officer fingerprint each finger . ext . lumberyard - day walter and some other man drop the side of the flatbe truck and tree crash to the ground . 2 . ext . bus stop - day the bus pull away , revealing walter stand alone on the sidewalk of a dilapidate neighborhood . he hold he duffle bag . int . warehouse - dusk the 5 o'clock whistle blows . worker hustle to get they coat and punch out . walter stand in line , keep to himself . as he turn arrive to punch out he receive a rough knock by two guy play - fight behind he . walter do not react , punch out , and exit the door . Vicki , a tough - look but strike woman , stand in line a little further back watch . ext . / int . apartment - day a superintendent open the door to a apartment , then hand walter the key . her gaze be cold . walter close the door and turn around . he stand in the middle of a prefab / pre-furnished kitchen , live room area . Light work its way through the dilapidate blind . int . lumberyard office - day walter shake the boss 's hand -- bob , early thirty , strapping and trim , be the manager of the business . mary - kay , the secretary , look up from she type and take walter in . Bob introduce they . she be in she early forty . walter follow Bob from the office , Mary - Kay watch as they leave . int . police department there be a flash as a camera snap a photo . walter be capture in a photograph , stand against a baby - blue background . 3 . int . walter' apartment - day walter lift the blind . the bird flutter away . CUT to : walter stand under the shower . CUT to : walter , hair wet and clean shaven , toss back some pill . ext . warehouse - dusk tire screech as car tear out of the driveway . walter stand at a bus stop across the street . as Vicki walk across the lot , a car pull up next to she and man catcall and whistle out the window . Vicki flick they off . the man burst into hysterics and peal out of the lot . she get in she Jeep and leave , tear by the bus stop . walter look after she then turn he collar up against the chill . it be late winter . the tree be bare -- black silhouettes against the darken sky . walter turn towards the shelter for protection from the wind . fill the kiosk , a clothing advertisement display a young girl strike a seductive pose . int . police department - day close on a police file . a mug shot reveal walter , many year young . page be flip through give glimpsis of newspaper clipping as well as type document . word stand out -- " convict , 1st degree -- , " " 3 count -- , " " serve -- . " a plain clothes officer close the folder and look out he office window where walter stand be fingerprinted . this be sergeant luca , mid-fifty , face crease and grey hair . 4 . int . bus - day walter watch out the window as farmland give way to city . traffic build , billboard line the highway . int . lumberyard warehouse - day detail of machine cut the wood . int . walter' apartment - day walter fill the bird feeder with birdseed . there be the SOUND of child play , and walter look up . walter 's Pov : across the way , child play outside of the school . walter watch then close he window . ext . police department - day walter exit the police station and cross the street . int . police department close on finger type on a keyboard . a computer screen show walter 's image -- the photo just take of he against the blue background . word appear across the screen as they be type , create a Internet notification page : released : 02/25/02 qualify offense ( 's ):____________ we move in on the photo of walter till it fill the frame . freeze frame . all sound fade out . the title " the woodsman " fade in . end title 5 . int . office - night walter sit in a small windowless office with he coat still on . he look at someone off screen . man ( 0.s. ) so. how be you adjust ? walter I be adjust okay . man ( o.s. ) and you new apartment ? walter apartment 's okay . man ( o.s. ) be you take you medication ? walter it give I headache . man ( o.s. ) but you be take it ? walter yeah . across from walter , sit rosen , young , awkward and clearly new to the profession , jotting something down in a notepad . rosen good . I will talk to you physician about the headache . maybe he can change the prescription . walter do not say anything . rosen ( cont would ) and how 's you job ? walter the job 's okay . ( continued ) 6 . continued : rosen do I take " okay " to mean you feel good about work there ? walter I say the job be okay . rosen ( smile ) that 's right , you do . pause ) have you make any friend there ? walter I be not run for Mr. popularity . rosen ( pause ) you seem a little hostile today . walter that be a joke . rosen jot something on he notepad . walter reach over and tap on the notebook . walter ( cont would ) it 's call sarcasm , Dr. rosen . rosen no need to call I doctor . I be a therapist , not a psychiatrist . walter it 's all the same . rosen look at walter for a long moment . walter avoid he gaze . rosen walter , I would like you to try something for I . walter what ? ( continued ) 7 . continued : ( 2 ) rosen I would like you to keep a journal . walter a diary ? rosen that 's right . walter no way . rosen why not ? walter diary have send too many guy to prison . rosen I do not understand . walter ev-i-dence . rosen oh . it never cross my mind . walter of course . rosen it be just a idea . walter bad idea . rosen I think a journal would encourage you to reflect . walter reflect . rosen that 's right . ( continued ) 8 . continued : ( 3 ) walter you think reflection be good . rosen it 's very good , indeed . walter how 's that ? rosen by reflection we can derive a deeper meaning from we experience in life . we gain great understanding about ourselves that can lead to make better choice in we relationship , we career , and we goal . walter look at he flatly . walter you read that in a book . rosen blushes . rosen try it . walter no fuck way . rosen then think about it . walter be silent . ext . pharmacy , strip mall - night the sidewalk be crowded with pedestrian . walter head towards the pharmacy entrance , but he be abruptly cut off by a group of kid zoom by on they scooter and skateboard . he pause for they to pass , watch after they momentarily , then proceed inside . 9 . int . pharmacy - night walter hand a prescription to a male pharmacist . the pharmacist look at the prescription . he glance at walter then go over to a female pharmacist work in the back area . she read the prescription , glance at walter over she bifocal , then back at the prescription . walter have not miss any of this . walter there a problem ? male pharmacist problem ? a middle - age shopper talk on she cell phone nearby look over and pause in she conversation . walter can you read the prescription ? male pharmacist yes . walter can you fill the prescription ? female pharmacist yes . walter then I suggest one of you move you ass , because if I do not get my medication I get extremely violent . the male pharmacist scramble to fill the prescription . the shopper gasp . walter look at she and smile . the shopper stuff she item in she cart and quickly leave . walter stifles he grin . 10 . int . walter' apartment - night walter open the door to he apartment , carry a grocery bag . as he flip on the light , a metal object be throw across the room . he catch it with one hand . it 's a can of beer . a man laugh . carlo ( o.s. ) you still think fast . carlos sit at the table with a six - pack . walter set the bag on the table and pop open the can . walter do not need to think fast to handle beer . carlo ook some talk to convince you super I be a relative . walter I tell she all my relative be good-look . carlos laugh . carlo Jesus Christ , man , it 's good to see you ! carlos stand and they awkwardly embrace . carlo ( cont would ) you look good , damn good , consider you be a old man now ! walter seem like the whole world 's get young . there be silence . carlos sit back down at the table and open another beer . walter start unpack the grocery . ( continued ) 11 . continued : carlo you do okay ? walter get a job at old Frank 's place . his son run it now . carlo oh man , that kid take himself real serious . walter yeah , you still with northland ? carlo ( grin ) Foreman now . walter no shit . carlo five year . walter beautiful . how 's business ? carlo boom . lot of building go on . we can not keep up with all the work . in fact , I just hire a few new guy ... glancing at walter , he realize he blunder . carlo ( cont would ) just until we catch up . there be a brief silence as both man drink . carlos look at walter . carlo ( cont would ) I will never forget you get I start there . ( continued ) 12 . continued : ( 2 ) walter I just recommend you . you still have to prove yourself . carlos get up and walk over to the window . he gaze outside . carlo hey , be that a school ? walter k through sixth . carlos glance at walter , then back outside . carlo live across the street from a grade school . Jesus . walter something wrong with that ? carlo I be just think of ... the noise . walter I like the noise . walter walk over to the window . walter ( cont would ) one hundred and twenty foot . carlo what ? walter Law say I can not come within one hundred foot of where child congregate . I figure the distance from my window to the school be one hundred and twenty . make a bet ? carlo no way , man , you would rob I blind ! ( continued ) C C 13 . continued : ( 3 ) the two man laugh , but the laughter quickly fade . carlo ( cont would ) but maybe it 's not so healthy be so close , you know , to a school . walter ( heat ) you find I a decent place for under three hundred a month in this town , and I will happily move out of this crap neighborhood . arlo shrug and toss down the rest of he beer . carlo I should go . you sister worry , and when she worry she yell . walter how be she ? carlo annette ? she 's good ... tense . walter when can I see she ? carlo I be work on it . walter be it because of Anna ? carlo I do not know . she will not talk about it . walter ( pause ) you be the only one in the family who still talk to I . ( continued ) C C ( 14 . continued : ( 4 ) carlo I remember when they all refer to I as " the little spic poor annette marry . " except she brother . you treat I with respect . pause ) look , you pay you due . you slate be clean now . walter how old be Anna ? carlo she will be twelve next week . we be throw a big party on Saturday . wish I could ask you to come ... walter only if it 's no closer than a hundred foot . carlos look away . walter ( cont would ) sorry , bad joke . they stiffly embrace . then carlos exit leave walter alone . ext . schoolyard - dawn lose on a man 's foot slowly walk heel to toe . the ground be cover in frost . tilt up to reveal walter count he footstep as he walk towards the school across from he apartment building . the schoolyard be empty . W walter one hundred and ten , one hundred and eleven , one hundred and twelve ... a bird 's cry pierce the sky . walter look up to see a hawk circle above . he watch for a moment then continue walk . ( continued ) W W W 15 . continued : walter ( cont would ) one hundred and thirteen , one hundred and fourteen , one hundred and fifteen ... he reach the school entrance and touch it . walter ( cont would ) one hundred and twenty . walter look at the hawk still circle above and holler -- walter ( cont would ) how about that !? slowly the SOUND of child fade in and a red ball bounce to walter 's foot . he look in the direction the ball come from . nothing be there . walter look back down at he foot . the ball be go . the sound of child fade back away and be replace by a rhythmic squeak . walter look towards the playground where a empty swing sway back and forth in the wind , the chain squeaking in its hinge . T he hawk 's cry pierce the silence . walter look up to see the hawk be chase by two smaller bird . int . warehouse - day there be a tremendous crash as log be drop near the wood chipper . forklift move and stack wood . walter stand at the end of a wood chipper , push a long piece of wood through . suddenly above the din of machinery there be the sound of raise voice . walter look across the way to see Vicki yell furiously and smack a guy around the head with she work glove . the man cower , protect he head from the blow . some other man nearby be double over in laughter . ( continued ) V W S 16 . continued : VICKI GOD damn it ! pedro ! what the fuck do you think you be do ! how would you feel if some fucker did that to you sister ?! you wouldn't think it so funny then , would you ?! he back off out of breath . pedro straighten up , have a very hard time keep a straight face . T he other guy start to applaud . Vicki look around and storm off , kick a piece of wood into one of the man , hard . she brushes past walter on she way to the exit . he watch after she . int . warehouse cafeteria - day Vicki sit alone at a table eat a sandwich . she take large bite and eat fast . walter approach carry a tray of food . he pause across from where Vicki sit . icki ignore he . walter you okay ? Vicki look up . VICKI what ? walter be you okay ? VICKI ( pause ) yeah , I be fuck fantastic . walter nod and keep on walk . Vicki return to she food . after a moment , she steal a glance up at walter . across the way , Mary - Kay watch walter as he sit down to the table neighbor vicki' . ( continued ) B 17 . continued : Bob sit down across from Mary - Kay with a tray of food and a newspaper . he open the paper and start to read . m ary -kay so , what would he do ? bob what do who do ? mary -kay you know , the new guy . Bob look across the room at walter . bob mind you own business , Mary - Kay . mary -kay come on , just tell I what he do . Bob ignore she and read the paper . mary -kay ( cont would ) drug , armed robbery , manslaughter , tax evasion - ob pick up he tray and move away . Mary - Kay smile to herself . int . bus - dusk walter sit on the bus . he be squeeze into the window seat , the bus crowded with commuter and teenager on they way home from school . he focus out the window . int . walter' apartment - night walter sit alone on he couch , watch a baseball game , drink a beer . sportscaster ( v.o. ) the win run on base , and a full count on Williams , who 's be in a terrible slump . here 's the pitch . Williams swing and miss ! the ranger win , ball game over . ( continued ) E V T a 18 . continued : walter switch off the tv . ext . walter' apartment - day walter cross the street outside of he apartment and head towards the bus stop . white volvo be park along the road . a man sit inside the car look out towards the school . the engine be off . he 's in he twenty , good build , nice clothes . walter look at the man as he pass by . T he man do not notice he , he attention fix down the street . walter look in the direction of he gaze . he schoolyard be quiet except for a couple of student run in . walter look back at the man . the man do not notice he . walter hurry to he bus stop . int . warehouse - day walter work feed wood through the chipper . icki drive a forklift past walter and watch he as she pass . he remain intent upon he work . ext . warehouse - dusk walter walk across the parking lot , head towards the bus stop . before he reach the road Vicki 's rusty old Jeep pull up alongside he and stop , honk to grab he attention . V icki roll down the passenger side window . VICKI want a ride ? walter I be all right . ( continued ) V 19 . continued : VICKI it 's fuck freezing out here . walter hesitates and look down the road . there be no bus in sight . VICKI ( cont would ) come on , I will not bite . he get in . as they pull away , a beat up grey chevy pull into the parking lot . sergeant Lucas get out of the car , and pause watch after Vicki and walter . he then turn and head into the office . int . car - night walter and Vicki drive silently . Vicki glance at walter . VICKI there 's something wrong with this picture . walter what picture ? VICKI I be talk about you . walter I ? VICKI yeah , you . walter look out the window . VICKI ( cont would ) here 's this nice , hard work guy who suddenly appear out of the blue and ride the bus to and from work . I mean , who ride the bus anymore ? ( continued ) V V 20 . continued : walter people without car . she give he a look . VICKI very weird . walter no weirder than a sharp , young , good - look woman work in a lumberyard . VICKI what 's weird about that ? walter most woman would not choose it . VICKI guess I be not like most woman . icki take out a cigarette and press the cigarette lighter in , revealing a tattoo on she wrist of a pair of breast with angel wing . walter notice the tattoo . Vicki notice walter notice . she smile at he . VICKI ( cont would ) you be quiet at work . walter I be just quiet . VICKI you do not hang out with the other guy . walter neither do you . VICKI they be all asshole . walter shrug . ( continued ) W 21 . continued : ( 2 ) VICKI ( cont 'd ) ( cont 'd ) you never speak to I before . walter I think you be a dyke . Vicki laugh and stop at a red light . walter ( cont would ) ( smile ) be you ? VICKI what do you think ? she shoot he a look . int . walter' apartment - night Vicki pace around the apartment . walter take two beer from the fridge then turn and stand hold they , watch she . VICKI Southern light . walter what ? VICKI you window face south . Northern light be the purest . but southern light be very good . walter I will buy a plant . VICKI y ou should buy several . I have get shitty light in my place , but my plant do not seem to mind . Light 's important , but it 's not everything . she look at walter . ( continued ) V 22 . continued : VICKI ( cont would ) you plan to drink both that beer ? walter sorry . walter hand she a beer . VICKI thanks . she take a swig then gaze back out the window . VICKI ( cont would ) be that a school ? walter k through sixth . VICKI do not it get noisy ? walter I like the noise . VICKI my place face a truck street . I have get crack in every window from the shaking . walter you must hate it . VICKI I go backpack a lot . lose myself in the wilderness for a week or two . icki wander through the stark live room space , look at what little there be to look at . walter what about bear ? VICKI what about they ? ( continued ) V W 23 . continued : ( 2 ) walter they could eat you . VICKI ( laugh ) yeah , they could . she look closely at the bus map tape to the wall , the only decoration in the place . she look at walter . VICKI ( cont would ) I think you be just shy , but now I think it 's something else . walter what ? VICKI you be damage . walter drink he beer and sit down on the couch . VICKI ( cont would ) something happen to you . walter yeah ? icki sit next to he . VICKI I be not easily shocked . walter I get that vimpression . VICKI so ... what 's you dark secret ? walter why do you want to know ? VICKI do not you think I should know before we have sex ? ( continued ) D B 24 . continued : ( 3 ) walter look at she in surprise . VICKI ( cont would ) I do not like to waste time . Vicki lean in and kiss he . VICKI ( cont would ) so ? walter what ? VICKI be you go to tell I you deep dark secret before we have sex ? she kiss he again . walter no . Vicki look at he . VICKI okay . she kiss he . hesitantly , he kiss she back . series of shot - jumping forward and back in time a ) bathroom : walter 's hand shake as he splashes water on he face . his shirt be off , and he wear just he jeans . he look up at himself in the mirror . ) bedroom : walter lie back on he bed . Vicki run she hand up he chest , pull he shirt over he head . walter look at Vicki , already topless . he tentatively touch she breast . C ) bedroom : walter kiss Vicki , then more and more rapidly , all over , passionately . they roll so she be underneath he . ) livingroom : Vicki walk backwards towards the bedroom door , pull walter 's hand to follow . ( continued ) W h 25 . continued : E ) bedroom : walter lie next to Vicki , stare up at the ceiling , spend , still breathe hard . F ) bedroom : walter grope Vicki 's body and urgently pull she underwear off . G ) bedroom : walter and Vicki be completely engross in each other , make love . ) bathroom : walter break he gaze from the mirror and turn the faucet off . int . walter' bedroom - night Vicki lie in bed , relaxed , smoking a cigarette . the sheet be pull to she waist . walter enter and sit on the side of the bed . he smile shyly at she . walter so , you be not a dyke . VICKI not tonight . walter look at she . Vicki laugh and nudge he in the butt with she foot . VICKI ( cont would ) hey , that be ... intense . walter you be still here . VICKI I do not say I do not enjoy it . walter of course . sorry . I be such a fuck asshole . VICKI no you be not . ( continued ) V V 26 . continued : walter do not tell I I be not a fuck asshole when I know I be a fuck asshole ! walter get up and walk over to the window . VICKI what 's the wproblem ? walter you think I have a problem ? VICKI do you ? walter ( pause ) it 's be a while since ... VICKI since you have have sex ? walter look out the window , silent . VICKI ( cont would ) tell I about it . walter maybe later . VICKI how about in the morning . walter the morning ? VICKI I think I would stay the night . walter what for ? ( continued ) V 27 . continued : ( 2 ) VICKI well , walter , this be go to sound off - the-wall , but I like to sleep with a man after we fuck . walter be silent . VICKI ( cont would ) do I say something wrong ? walter I suffer from insomnia . VICKI be that all ? walter when I do sleep , I sweat a lot . usually I get nightmare and wake up scream . VICKI ( smile ) I sleep like a dead horse . anything else ? walter have run out of excuse . Vicki drop she cigarette in a empty beer bottle and slide deeper under the cover . int . walter' apartment - morning W walter stand by the window watch Vicki walk towards she Jeep . something brushes he leg . he look down to see the red ball rest by he foot . he turn to see ... a glimpse of a young girl as she flash by the door . she be twelve year old and wear a white nightgown . there be the sound of a car honk , and walter look out the window to see Vicki pull away . he look back toward the girl . there be nothing there . h R 28 . int . apartment bedroom - morning walter rummages through a drawer . from underneath a pile of clothes he pull out a well - wear notebook . walter leaf through the page . they be fill with write but towards the back the page be blank . int . apartment - day walter sit next to the window watch bird play at the bird feeder . the notebook sit next to he on the windowsill . there be the SOUND of child play outside . walter open the notebook , close it , then open it again . he look up and see he reflection in the window . he start to write . walter ( v.o. ) I watch the kid arrive at school . int . rosen' office - day walter sit in the chair across from rosen , look at he hand . osen ow 's the journal ? walter I be still think about it . rosen I wish you would give it a try . walter be silent . rosen ( cont would ) you do not like come here , do you ? walter it 's okay . rosen but you do not like come here . be honest , walter . ( continued ) R W 29 . continued : walter honest ? no. rosen good . that 's a honest answer . and why do not you like come here ? walter honest ? you cheery personality make my skin itch . rosen ( stung ) be it just my cheery personality that make you skin itch ? walter forget it . rosen maybe it 's the way I look . or the sound of my name . walter rosen ? I do not have a problem with that . rosen because if you do , I know a therapist name Ryan . I also know a therapist name chung . walter I do not need someone else . osen settles back . rosen Fine . pause . walter look at rosen . W W 30 . int . / ext . apartment - day continue from previous journal scene . walter sit at he windowsill write in he journal . there be the sound of child arrive to school outside . he look up . walter but for the last few week I have notice someone else watch they . walter 's Pov : the man with the white volvo stand lean against he car watch a bus load of child arrive . he pop m&amp ; ms in he mouth . walter ( cont 'd ) ( cont 'd ) ( cont 'd ) I call he candy . the boy run and tackle each other . a group walk by candy . walter ( v.0 . ) ( cont would ) he talk to the boy , fifth and sixth grader . he go for the pretty one , face like angel . walter finish write then look outside . int . bus - morning walter stand on a crowded bus , stare out the window at the landscape rush by . the bus pull to a stop . passenger get off , then a group of girl come crash onto the bus . they overflow with energy and giggle . walter squeeze back so they can get by , but the bus lurch into motion throw one of the girl into walter . he help she regain she balance , and the girl smile at he . G irl sorry ! she and she friend burst into laughter and move on past . walter watch she move down the aisle then quickly turn away , scan the face surround he . no one look at he . m a 31 . int . warehouse - day walter sweat heavily as he work . Vicki walk by and glance at walter as she pass . he do not notice she . int . warehouse cafeteria - day walter sit at a table eat . Vicki sit down across from he . they eat silently . walter do not look up . Vicki blow a straw wrapper , hit walter in the face . fter a moment , without glance up , walter retaliate . Vicki smother a laugh . walter crack a smile . ary - Kay sit across the room watch the flirtation between Vicki and walter . int . warehouse bathroom - day Vicki exit a stall and go to the sink to wash she hand . she 's smile a little smile to herself . Mary - Kay enter and start primp in the mirror , fix she hair , put on lipstick . she watch Vicki in the reflection of the mirror . mary -kay I would keep away from he . VICKI what ? mary-kay the new man . I would keep away from he , if I be you . VICKI why 's that ? mary -kay you do not want to know , but he 's damage goods -- real damage goods , if you know what I mean . ( continued ) 32 . continued : VICKI ( cold ) yeah , Mary - Kay , I think I do . thanks a bunch for the advice . Mary - Kay smile , miss Vicki 's ironic tone . mary -kay just try to be helpful . VICKI well , Mary , you be about as helpful as a break sewer pipe . you do know what run out of a sewer pipe , do not you ? Mary - Kay 's smile wither into a sneer . mary -kay suit yourself . she drop the lipstick into she bag and exit . Vicki turn and finish wash she hand , glance at herself in the mirror . ext . warehouse - later walter exit the building amidst a group of man . he walk towards the bus stop . Vicki holler to he from she Jeep . VICKI hey . Vicki wave he over . int . diner - night Vicki sit across from walter in a booth . she take a large bite from a burger and wash it down with a milk shake . walter fold he napkin over he hand to make a little rabbit hand puppet . the rabbit nod at Vicki . she bust out laugh . 33 . int . bar - night walter and Vicki play pool . she knock two ball into a corner pocket . she be kick he ass and visibly enjoy it . walter hand she a quarter . Vicki kiss he on the cheek and go to line up the next shot . I int . walter' bathroom - night walter and Vicki shower together . walter rinse the sud from Vicki 's hair . int . walter' bedroom - night Vicki and walter have just finish make love , Vicki on top . she lie down on he chest . he stroke she hair , then lean he head close and take a deep breath . int . walter' bedroom - morning Vicki be wake up by walter who make the moan sound of someone have a nightmare . she turn on she side and watch he . walter wake up with a start , then see Vicki and cuddle close . she run she finger through he hair and kiss he forehead . VICKI hey , there . walter ( sleepy ) hi. he close he eye again . Vicki look at he closely . VICKI what happen to you ? walter open he eye . Vicki continue to stroke he hair . VICKI ( cont would ) walter , what do you do ? ( continued ) W T 34 . continued : walter pull away . walter why do you want to know ? VICKI because I like you . walter be silent . VICKI ( cont would ) I will not run away . here 's a long pause . he rest back down against the pillow . walter what 's the worst thing you ever do ? VICKI the worst ? walter yeah . Vicki look at he . VICKI fucked my best friend 's husband . walter listen with no reaction . VICKI ( cont would ) I mean my best friend since the second grade . her husband be hot for I and , god , he be cute . she be a international flight attendant , so we would get it on for day , while she be off in some country we could not pronounce . then he tell she , the shit . it break up we friendship , break up they marriage . later she have a nervous breakdown , quit she job , then move in with she sister who she despise . ( continued ) 35 . continued : ( 2 ) Vicki light a cigarette and take a long drag . VICKI ( cont would ) I still feel like the lowest piece of shit , when I think about it . she look at walter . he say nothing , he expression blank . VICKI ( cont would ) so , what do you do ? walter I molest little girl . VICKI molested little girl ? walter yeah . Vicki laugh . walter ( cont would ) you do not believe I ? she shake she head no but the laughter begin to die . walter ( cont would ) I wish the judge have you sense of humor . Vicki be quiet . VICKI you be not joke . walter twelve year in prison be no joke . walter get out of bed and pull on he pants . Vicki do not move , the cigarette burn in she hand . walter ( cont would ) ( signal to the door ) look , you can go now . ( continued ) 36 . continued : ( 3 ) VICKI how many girl do you molest ? walter walk over to the window . walter obviously one too many . ( bitter laugh ) Vicki look away . walter ( cont would ) sorry . VICKI what do you do to they ? walter ( look back out the window ) it 's not what you think . VICKI how young ? walter between ten and twelve . once a nine - year - old tell I she be eleven . once a fourteen - year- old tell I she be twelve . I always ask how old they be . V icki be visibly shake . she put the cigarette out . VICKI so it be mostly fondle ? shit like that ? walter look at she . walter I never hurt they . never . VICKI twelve year in prison ? ( continued ) W 37 . continued : ( 4 ) walter the judge have a thing about sex offender . later I hear he daughter have be rape . if I have not have a good lawyer , it would have be twenty - five to thirty . Vicki be silent . walter ( cont would ) why do not you just go now , okay ? VICKI I tell you I be not easily shocked . walter you should be shocked . or do you get off on this shit ? VICKI what ? walter get you kick somewhere else . VICKI hey , I be not -- walter deprave ? my mistake . VICKI walter . advance towards she . walter get the fuck out of here ! Vicki do not move . after a long moment , walter sit down next to she . VICKI you do not molest little girl anymore , do you ? ( continued ) T E 38 . continued : ( 5 ) walter no. never again . V icki look away , struggle to digest the news . walter ( cont would ) ( quiet ) you should go now . Vicki get up and pull on she clothes . she look at walter who sit motionless on the bed . she leave . int . VICKI be car - day Vicki drive fast . window down . cigarette grip between she finger . tear stream down she face . she come to a stop light and sit completely still , stare ahead without blink . suddenly car honk . she snap out of she stupor and keep on drive . int . walter' apartment - night walter sit on the couch write in he journal . the tv be on , a baseball game in progress , sound on low . abruptly , walter throw the journal across the room . then he lie back and stare at the ceiling . suddenly , there be a loud thump outside of the apartment . walter pick up he journal and put it in a drawer , then walk quietly to the door and open it a crack . ext . walter' apartment landing - night a man struggle to bring a large object up the stair . walter open the door . carlos turn in surprise . walter what be you do ? carlo he little table be one heavy bitch . C C 39 . int . walter' apartment - night carlos enter the apartment and set a table down in the middle of the room . walter look at it . walter herry . carlo huh ? walter it 's make from cherry . that 's a hard wood . carlo it 's a nice table . walter run he hand along the surface . walter notice the grain . see how deep and rich the red run ? carlo yeah . it 's really nice . carlos sit in a chair . walter it 's my own design . you will not find another table like it in the world . carlo it be a beautiful present . W walter then why the fuck be you give it back to I ?! carlo ( gesture to the empty space ) you need a table . ( continued ) S S 40 . continued : walter he be go to throw it out , be not she ? just toss it like a scrap of wood . carlo it be not like that . walter then what ? what ?! carlo he 's get all this new furniture now . she say it do not fit anymore , so I keep it in the attic . I think you might like it . walter I make that table for you and annette , for you wedding . I put a lot of love into it . carlo I know , man . I love this table too . ( look at walter ) but I also love my wife . carlos notice the tv . carlo ( cont would ) what 's happen ? walter mariner be pound the shit out of the Tigers . walter stare at carlos for a moment , then turn and go to the fridge and pull out two beer . he hand carlos a beer and sit down on the couch . carlos sit down next to he . carlo Fucking mariner . ( continued ) ( 41 . continued : ( 2 ) walter Fucking Tigers . they get no pitching except for a bunch of green kid straight out of double a or Southern cal. ( pause ) how be the party ? carlo what party ? walter the birthday party . carlo oh , Anna 's . it be great , man . Anna be so pretty . get excited ) she look like a princess , like one of that girl in a fairy tale , you know , like snow White . walter look at carlos . carlo ( cont would ) I have get some picture . ( reach for he back pocket ) W ant to see ? walter no thanks . carlo ah , come on . walter ( snap ) I do not want to see any goddamn picture . carlos back off . carlo they be just photo I take of the party . ( continued ) 42 . continued : ( 3 ) walter be silent and avoid carlos 's gaze . carlos give walter a look , then head to the door . walter carlos . ( carlos turn ) I want to see my sister and Anna in person . okay ? carlos nod . carlo yeah , man , I understand . he exit . walter walk over to the table and slowly run he hand along the surface . int . rosen' office - day walter sit across from rosen . rosen how do you feel about that ? walter I do not feel anything . R osen you have no feeling for you niece ? walter she be bear after they put I away . how can I have feeling ? rosen then why be you talk about this ? walter have to talk about something . rosen what be you afraid will happen ? ( continued ) 43 . continued : walter I be not afraid . I be just say that carlos have a thing for he daughter , and if he be not careful he 's go to suffer . rosen have you talk to carlos about you concern ? walter I be not that crazy . rosen do you think you be crazy ? walter if I be not , then what the hell be I do here ? rosen why do you think you be here ? walter you know why . it 's part of the parole deal . rosen be that what you be angry about ? walter talk to you be like riding on a merry - go-round . rosen that be a marvelous image , walter . because by go in circle we find the thing we miss the first time around . walter look at rosen . walter how long be this go to take ? ( continued ) W 44 . continued : ( 2 ) rosen ( check the clock ) we have a few more minute . walter I mean , when will I be normal . rosen ( pause ) we have a lot of work to do . walter ( speak slowly ) will I ever be normal ? rosen I could not say . walter you could not say . rosen I be afraid not . walter do you know what " normal " be ? R osen I suppose it 's however society define it . walter how do you define it ? rosen I do not . walter then how do you know if you patient be get better ? rosen they usually tell I . walter how do they know ? ( continued ) R ( 45 . continued : ( 3 ) rosen what be you idea of be normal ? walter ( mimick rosen ) what be you idea of be a Jew ? rosen ( control ) whatever my idea be of be a Jew be not go to help you . look at the clock ) why do not we continue this on Thursday . walter ( explode ) I want to be normal ! rosen then go see a therapist who will tell you you be normal ! walter fuck you , rosen ! rosen I know -- walter you do not know ! rosen I know you be frustrated , walter , but -- walter get up and slam out the door . osen look at the empty chair . rosen ( cont would ) -- you really be make progress . I int . walter' apartment - morning walter sit at he window with he journal , watch outside . ( continued ) E V W W T ( 46 . continued : walter 's Pov : candy lean against he car , patiently wait . something grab candy 's attention , and walter follow he gaze . kid pour off a school bus . candy wave to one angel -face boy of ten or eleven . walter ( v.o ) so what should I do ? call the cop ? he laugh ) yeah , that 's pretty funny . he boy and a buddy run over to candy . walter ( v.0 . ) ( cont would ) but what if candy seduce one to go for a ride ? candy smile and offer angel - face a candy bar , which the boy accept . walter ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) yeah , that 's right . if the boy go for a ride it 's because he want to go for a ride . the bell ring . the other boy grab angel - face , and they run off to school . walter rest he chin on he hand , watch . int . warehouse locker room - day icki close she locker to see walter stand at the end of the room in front of he locker . she look away . W walter look at she , close he locker loudly , and walk brusquely past . ext . warehouse - day Vicki stand near a pile of wood chip , take a cigarette break . ( continued ) I V V W W m 47 . continued : walter approach , push a cart full of wood chip . Vicki look at he as if to say something , but walter continue past , dump the chip , and return back inside . int . warehouse cafeteria - day walter sit at a table across the room from Vicki . ary - Kay enter and sit down with walter mary -kay hi , walter . how be you do ? walter Fine thanks . mary -kay you know , it 's really a beautiful day out there , and I be think - walter wipe he mouth and get up . walter Excuse I . get another load come in . walter exit . the smile fade from Mary - Kay 's face . icki watch walter leave . ext . warehouse - dusk walter stand alone at the bus stop . icki get in she Jeep and pause before turn on the engine , watch walter . he turn he back to the cold wind and she . Vicki turn on the car and pull out of the lot , roaring by walter without look at he . int . VICKI be apt . - morning Vicki move around she apartment , cigarette in one hand , spray bottle in the other , squirting she plant . ( continued ) V V 48 . continued : she prune dead leave from one of they , then pause look at the leave in she hand . VICKI do not die on I , you little shit . she aggressively squirt the little plant with water , then pause , notice she reflection in the window . she look at herself long and hard . I int . walter be apt . - morning there be a knock on the door . walter walk through the room to the door , tucking in he shirt as he walk . he crack the door . Vicki stand outside . walter open the door . VICKI you want to go for a ride ? walter look at she . int . VICKI be car - a little later walter and Vicki drive without say anything . slowly the city - scape give way to countryside . walter look over at Vicki . she stare ahead . ext . reservoir - day walter and Vicki get out of the car which be park on the edge of a reservoir surround by a thick pine forest . Vicki work she way down to the water 's edge . a great Blue heron skim across the water 's surface . walter watch she for a moment then follow . he sit down near she . icki light a cigarette and stare out over the water . after a long pause . VICKI what be prison like ? ( continued ) W 49 . continued : walter ( pause ) y ou do not really -- VICKI yes ! I want to know . walter be quiet for a moment . walter prison be ... time . Vicki look at he . VICKI you mean the time you be lock away ? walter no. prison be time . that 's it . you think time , you feel time , you hear time . you heart do not beat to live , it just beat ... time . VICKI I be sorry , walter . walter ( shrug ) do not be sorry for I . I do that thing . no one else do . I be deal with that . Vicki look out at the water . VICKI my father take I fishing here when I be a kid . he could name every fish in the lake . and for every fish he name , he have a fishing story . I hate fishing , but I love he storey . walter sound like a special guy . ( continued ) T 50 . continued : ( 2 ) VICKI my father be a alcoholic who drank himself right into the grave . walter look at she . VICKI ( cont would ) he say he could not help it . Said he hate himself for do it . but , boy , do that man love to drink . here be a long pause . walter I have change . VICKI why young girl , walter ? walter be silent . VICKI ( cont would ) be it they innocence ? they beauty ?... walter ( pause ) they power . they seduce I . VICKI they seduce you ? walter I be always the one seduce . VICKI you really believe that ? walter ( long pause ) no . that 's what I use to tell myself . V VICKI and what do you tell yourself now ? ( continued ) V W V V 51 . continued : ( 3 ) walter nothing . it 's over . VICKI bullshit . walter look at Vicki for a moment then stand up . walter okay . then take I home . Vicki do not move . walter ( cont would ) what do you want from I ? Vicki stand . VICKI I want you to change my mind ! walter be silent . Vicki shove walter hard . VICKI ( cont would ) try , goddamnit ! walter stumble back a few step but regains himself . he stare at Vicki . his anger well and he snap . walter I have this plan once ... or maybe it be a dream . I be go to quit the building business ... open my own shop . make and design fine country furniture . I have save enough money . I find the perfect place . cheap five - year-lease . the loan be in the bag . my wife be a hundred percent behind it . everything be set ... then I get in trouble . ( pause ) do you know what the worst kind of trouble be ? icki watch walter , silent . ( continued ) ( W T I W 52 . continued : ( 4 ) walter ( cont would ) it 's trouble you bring on yourself ... and the people you love the most . I lose a wife and a daughter . it hurt to lose my wife . it kill I to lose my daughter . walter stop , look at Vicki . Vicki stare back at he . after a long pause , she approach and tentatively pull he into a embrace . int . office space Close up on computer screen display a web page for register felon . the head read - " sex offender : the more we know , the better ! " " stay inform ! " mock Police siren and light frame the head . he list of sex offender scroll down revealing photo , name , address , and crime detail of man after man , in alphabetical order , page after page . the scrolling slow down , past " mason , " past all of the mc's... , and stop on " mile , walter . " convict 1988 for sexual abuse of minor , five count , release ... it be the notification page that we see create in the open montage . walter 's photo stare back at we . e slowly pull back to reveal Mary - Kay at the computer . she cluck she tongue and shake she head . I int . walter' bedroom - day Vicki and walter lie in bed , spoon , fully clothed . Vicki 's back to walter , he hold she close . walter gently ) you know , this be crazy . VICKI what ? walter be here , with I . ( continued ) ( W 53 . continued : VICKI I know . walter ( pause ) most people say the odd be against I . VICKI what odd ? walter the percentage -- Vicki look at he blankly . walter ( cont would ) for man like I . they say most of we end up back ... there . I be say there be risk ... see I . VICKI well , most people be stupid . pause ) you want to talk about odd ? one day I will tell you how I survive as the youngest in a family of three son . you wanna talk about odd ? walter why not tell I now ? Long pause . Vicki light a cigarette . VICKI I get poke around ... here and there . walter which brother do this ? VICKI all three -- in chronological order . ( continued ) S T 54 . continued : ( 2 ) walter you must hate you brother . VICKI I love my brother . walter no you do not . VICKI I love all of they . they be strong , gentle man with family of they own . and if you ask they about what they do to I , they would call you a fuck liar and then beat the shit out of you . walter you never ask they about it ? VICKI ( laugh ) be you serious ? walter not ever ? VICKI not ever . V icki drink from she beer . walter watch she . int . walter be apt . - night walter sit at he table , a scrap of wood in he hand . he whittles away at the wood . it be the rough outline of a heart with wing . here be a loud knock on the door . walter get up . the knock come again , even harder . walter go to the door and open it . the smile fade from he face . ergeant Lucas push the door open further and walk right in . he wear a well - tailore suit . ( continued ) 55 . continued : luca hiya , walter . walter cop . man sergeant lucas. ( flash he badge ) May I come in ? walter you be in . luca so I be . but I always like to ask . walter close the door behind he . Lucas walk around the apartment . walter watch he , uneasy . walter what 's up ? luca have a seat . walter hesitates , then obey . luca ( cont would ) you do not know ? walter I have no idea . luca I think you do . walter why do not you just tell I ? Lucas walk over to the window . W walter ( cont would ) ( pause ) I have not break any law . ( continued ) 56 . continued : ( 2 ) luca then you will not mind if I look around . walter I would . luca get something to hide ? walter do not everybody ? luca I could get a search warrant . walter if you could , you would have bring one today . Lucas look at walter . he look at the table . luca cherry ? walter yeah . luca unusual design for a contemporary piece . Lucas run he hand along the surface . walter it 's not for sale . luca who say I want to buy it ? Lucas walk back to the window . luca ( cont would ) two night ago , a ten-year- old - girl be attack not too far from here . ( more ) ( continued ) W 57 . luca ( cont would ) continued : ( 3 ) seem there 's be a number of attack on young girl in the vicinity . kind of a coincidence , would not you say ? W walter stand up . walter if you tell I when this happen -- walter place he hand in he pocket . Lucas whirl around . luca move you fuck hand away from you pocket ! walter do . luca ( cont would ) sit down ! walter sit . luca ( cont would ) we know every step you make , every goddamn step ! we know when you sleep , when you eat , when you shit , and when you jack off . Lucas lean over the table , nose to nose with walter . luca ( cont would ) and when you sit by the window , watch the girl in the little cotton skirt parade by , do you wave you wanger at the girl ? be that when you jerk off ? walter you can not talk to I like -- luca ( interrupt ) like a piece of shit ? in my eye , you be a piece of shit . think anyone would miss you if I throw you out the window right now ? ( more ) ( continued ) T W W 58 . luca ( cont would ) continued : ( 4 ) I could say you jump when I come in . who be they go to believe ? not you , because you would be a dead piece of shit . beat . Lucas tap walter onl the forehead and smile . luca ( cont would ) ( feign kindness ) we just want to make sure you be be a good boy , walter . okay ? walter be silent . Lucas tap he again . luca ( cont would ) okay ? walter ( flatly ) okay . Lucas rise , spit he gum in the sink , and leave . walter lean over squeezing he head tight between he hand . the sound of child fade in and walter look up . the girl with the red ball stand across from he in the doorway to he bedroom . she smile and bounce the ball . walter fold over , cradling he head in he arm . ext . walter' apt . - day walter stand alone at he bus stop . as he wait , he see the white volvo turn a corner and pull up in front of the school . he bus pull up to the stop , obscure walter 's view . he quickly get on and move to the back , look for candy 's car . it be nowhere in sight , the place where it have park , empty . walter sit down and stare ahead , numb . ext . mall - day it 's a bright Saturday afternoon . a city bus turn into the parking lot of a large mall . passenger exit the bus and pour into the mall 's entrance . walter be among they . ( continued ) T C W 59 . continued : walter ( v.o. ) I follow a girl . int . mall - day Music blare from speaker . pack of teenager cruise the mall . it be alive with chatter . walter ( v.o. ) I do not know why I do it . walter be frequently jostle , as if he have forget how to navigate crowd . walter ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) there be all of this people ... h e pass many store and snack shop then see a barne &amp ; Noble and enter . int . bookstore - day the bookstore be two floor and vast . walter look lose as he move through the crowd . UT to : walter ride a escalator . Three girl stand ahead of he . the girl close to he wear a short skirt which flutter above walter 's face . he look up . walter ( v.o. ) she be pretty . very pretty . hey reach the next level and walter watch the girl walk away with she friend . suddenly , the girl look back . they eye lock -- briefly . she W turn the corner . walter ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) she give I a look . if she have not give I that look ... walter pause , then follow . the girl separate from she friend and go down a aisle . walter follow she . she go down another aisle . he follow . ( continued ) 60 . continued : in the middle of the aisle , the girl bend down , look at title . from the end of the aisle , walter pretend to be look for a book as he edge closer to she . he 's now a few foot away . the girl pull out a book and open it . walter gaze at the nape of she neck . salesman ( o.s. ) can I help you find something ? walter turn , startle . behind the salesman , walter see a security guard exit the rest room area . walter no , I be -- he turn , the girl be go . he bolt the other way , through the aisle , down the elevator , through the mall as fast as possible . the face be a blur , sound become distort . then we hear -- rosen ( o.s. ) do she know that you be follow she ? int . rosen' office walter sit in rosen 's office . walter I do not know . rosen what do you think would happen ? walter I do not know . rosen what do you want to happen ? W walter I do not know ! walter be agitate . rosen calmly write . ( continued ) 61 . continued : walter ( cont would ) I can not believe I take such a risk . ( look at rosen ) will you stop write in that fuck pad ! rosen stop and look at walter . walter ( cont would ) you know that if anything happen , I spend the rest of my life in prison . no parole , no nothing . rosen be this the first one ? walter of course it be ! that 's why I be tell you ! rosen I want you to calm down . with effort walter settles down . rosen ( cont would ) you follow a girl . one girl . perhaps you want to see what it feel like after so many year . maybe unconsciously you be testing yourself . you follow she and nothing happen . and here you be talk about it with I . this be positive . there be a pause . walter look down , unconvince . rosen check the time . rosen ( cont would ) walter , we will pick up here next time . walter I want to talk about it now . ( continued ) W 62 . continued : ( 2 ) rosen we will talk about it more on Thursday . walter remember when you ask I what my idea of " normal " be ? R osen ( gently ) go home , walter . walter now I know . it 's when I can see a girl , be near a girl , even talk to a girl ... and walk away . ( pause ) that 's my idea of be normal . int . bus - stop - day walter ride the bus , stare out the window . sense something , he look up . a girl sit across from walter . she be about twelve year old . she wear glass and a pair of binocular hang around she neck . she casually nibble on food she produce from she backpack . she glance at walter briefly then look back out the window . walter turn away . int . walter' kitchen - night walter and Vicki sit at he table eat chinese take - out . walter glance at Vicki who be devour she food . walter maybe this be not a good idea . VICKI what ? walter ( pause ) we see each other . ( continued ) 63 . continued : she look up at he . VICKI you be scared . walter I be not scared . V VICKI neither be I . walter maybe you should be . walter get up from the table and clear he plate to the sink . Vicki look at he . VICKI well , walter , I get a idea of my own . he avoid she look . VICKI ( cont would ) you listen to I ? he do not answer . VICKI ( cont would ) we should live together . walter ( look at she ) live together . VICKI move in with I . he stare at she . walter it 's a bad idea . VICKI I think it 's a fuck good idea . ( continued ) h W W 64 . continued : ( 2 ) walter go to the fridge for a beer . walter I do not even know how to live with myself . VICKI just think about it . walter I have get problem . VICKI who do not ? walter most people do not have my kind of problem . VICKI guess that make you pretty special . walter that 's not what I mean . Vicki look at he blankly . walter ( cont would ) I say we call it quit . VICKI Fine . V icki put she fork down , pull on she jacket and exit . walter look at the close door , baffle . walter ( cont 'd ) she 's go . ( pause ) that be easy . e take a swig from he beer . walter ( cont would ) good . I be glad . I be fuck glad ! V W W 65 . ext . walter' apartment - continued Vicki jog down the stair and over to she Jeep . she open the door . int . walter' apartment - continued walter pull the carve he be work on from a drawer and look at it . it 's finish . Vicki reenter hold a plant and set it loudly on the table . walter look at she then at the plant . walter hat 's this ? VICKI what 's it look like ? she get herself a beer from the fridge . walter I do not need a plant . VICKI everyone need a plant . this ivy be one tough baby . it 's a cut from one of mine . walter seem at a loss . Vicki take a swig from she beer . V VICKI ( cont would ) here 's the deal . give it a little water . go easy on the direct sunlight . and notice it every once in a while . they love it when you look at they , or touch they leave . can you handle that ? walter look unconvince . walter thank you . VICKI you be such a asshole . ( continued ) T 66 . continued : she kiss he then give he a teasing look . VICKI ( cont would ) do not be scared , walter . walter ( crack a smile ) I be not scared . VICKI prove it . Vicki walk towards the bedroom . walter hey . Vicki turn . he toss she the carve . Vicki catch it and look at it for a long moment , then at walter . walter ( cont would ) I make it for you . she smile . walter ( cont would ) it 's cedar . int . warehouse locker room - day there be the usual morning chaos in the locker room . walter open he locker but stop abruptly . aped to the inside of he locker be a magazine ad of a young girl , joyfully swinging on a swing . scrawle over the image in red marker be a circle with line across it and the word " we're watching you " write below . W walter quickly tear down the picture and look around . the man be all oblivious . 67 . int . warehouse - day walter work at the see , watch closely every person that walk by he . no one pay he any mind . Bob , the boss , walk into the space and stop to have a few word with a worker who point in walter 's direction . Bob head towards walter . walter see he come and pause in he work . Bob walk right by to talk to another man work behind walter . walter watch for a moment then continue work . int . warehouse - later walter exit the mens room and stop to drink from the water fountain . Mary - Kay be walk down the hall and pause . mary -kay hi , walter . how ya do ? walter Fine thanks . how be you , Mary - Kay ? she lean up against the wall . mary -kay well , I have get this problem . I promise my sister that I would baby - sit she little girl tonight while she 's on a date . single mother , right ? her daughter 's a cute little thing , about nine or ten . Real entertaining . but once she 's asleep , I get soo bored . I would love to have some company . she give walter a suggestive look . mary -kay ( cont would ) what be you do tonight , walter ? walter ( cold ) I get plan . ( continued ) R W T W 68 . continued : a couple of man walk down the hall interrupt they . walter ( cont would ) have a nice day , Mary - Kay . Mary - Kay watch walter walk away . int . bus - dusk walter ride the bus , stare out the window . the bus be crowded . iime pass , fewer passenger , dusk have turn to night . int . rosen' office - night walter and rosen sit in they usual place . osen you be very late . walter sorry . rosen please do not do it again . walter I say I be sorry . rosen I can not move my patient around to accommodate one person . walter silently stare at he hand . rosen look at he closely . rosen ( cont would ) walter , I want to ask you a question . will you try to answer it ? walter look at he . rosen ( cont would ) when do it all start ? ( continued ) C 69 . continued : walter you mean my problem ? rosen if by " problem " you mean you desire for prepubescent girl , yes . walter I do not know . rosen that 's not a helpful answer . walter that 's my answer . rosen look at walter . rosen lose you eye . walter what ? rosen I would like you to close you eye . walter why ? rosen to relax . walter ( snap ) I be relaxed . rosen Close you eye and let you mind be blank . walter hey , rosen , you go to hypnotize I ? walter laugh . ( continued ) h 70 . continued : ( 2 ) rosen no , I be not go to -- walter ( close he eye ) okay . eye close , mind a blank . I be all yours . do it , rosen . rosen get up so he 's position directly in front of walter . rosen when I say the word " girl " what be the earliest image that you can remember ? walter nothing . can I open my eye ? rosen no . when I say the word " pretty , " when I say the word " pleasure , " what be the earliest memory you see ? walter I do not see -- rosen in you mind , walter . take you time . after a moment , walter 's expression shift . rosen ( cont would ) ( watch closely ) who do you see ? walter ( long pause ) I see my sister . rosen be excited by this " breakthrough . " rosen where be she ? what be she do ? ow old -- ( continued ) 71 . continued : ( 3 ) walter ( interrupt ) not so fast . rosen sorry . ( pause ) where be she ? walter in my bedroom , sleep . rosen where ? walter in my bed , rosen . where do you think ? rosen where be you ? walter in my bed too . rosen how old be you and you sister ? walter we be little kid . rosen but roughly , how old ? walter I be maybe about six ... which would make she four . rosen walk around walter and pace behind he . rosen and what be you do ? ( continued ) W 72 . continued : ( 4 ) walter just lie there . ( pause ) we be take a nap . rosen a nap ? walter yes , a nap . kid do that . you ever take a nap , rosen ? walter open he eye . walter ( cont would ) I do not want to talk about it any more . he see rosen behind he . walter ( cont would ) what the hell be you do there ? rosen do you and you sister often take nap together ? walter ( explode ) I want you back in you chair ! right now ! rosen stumble back to he chair . walter ( cont would ) do not ever do that again . rosen all right . walter I do not like nobody behind my back ! rosen I be sorry . I should not have be there . ( continued ) 73 . continued : ( 5 ) R walter look away , quelling he anger . osen ( cont would ) walter , what do you do while take a nap with you sister ? walter nothing . rosen do you touch she ? do you take off she clothes ? do you take off you clothes ? walter this be garbage ! rosen I be only ask question . walter okay I will tell you what I do -- just to shut you up ! ( pause ) I smell she hair . rosen what else ? walter that 's all . I just like smell she hair . rosen you feel pleasure . walter ( long pause ) yes . rosen write a few note . rosen do you get a erection ? ( continued ) 74 . continued : ( 6 ) walter ( glaring at rosen ) I be six year old ! rosen I mean later ... when you two take nap . walter be silent . rosen ( cont would ) when the two of you hold each other . when you be ten or eleven and she be eight or nine . when you parent be out and the two of you be alone ... completely alone in that big house . walter it be a small house . rosen all right . a small house ... with small room . walter ( his eye well up . ) I smell she hair . that 's it . I just like smell she hair . walter press he face into he hand . rosen watch he silently . when walter lift he face ... I int . bar - night ... carlos sit before he . they be in a booth , the table cover with drink and remnant of bar food . the bar bustles in the background . carlo I have get some good news . walter what 's that ? ( continued ) 75 . continued : carlo annette will see you . walter be quiet . carlo ( cont would ) be not you glad ? walter when ? carlo soon. walter next week ? the week after ? carlo early July . walter look at carlos . carlo ( cont would ) it 's just a better time . carlos avoid walter 's gaze . carlo ( cont would ) Anna will be away at camp . the house will be quiet . it 's better when it 's quiet . walter tell annette I be busy in July . carlo c'mon , walter . walter you should see my appointment book . it get crazy . C carlo it 's not what you think . ( continued ) C D C 76 . continued : ( 2 ) walter be not it ? carlo the important thing be that you and annette need to talk . she need to see you , and you need to see she . walter ( a long pause ) I be not a monster . carlo you be a good man , walter . okay , you do some wrong thing , but inside you be a good , decent man . walter maybe I be not a good man . maybe inside I be bad , and I will always be bad . carlo of not talk like that . the waitress interrupt to clear the table , lean over to grab the empty plate . carlos check she out . carlo ( cont would ) ( pause ) next week annette be go away for a few day . and the thing be that when annette 's away ... arlo watch the waitress depart . carlo ( cont would ) I get horny as hell for other woman . ( whisper ) I mean I fantasize about raping some beautiful woman . walter you do not have to tell I this . ( continued ) C C C W 77 . continued : ( 3 ) carlo I be just talk , man . walter carlos , I never rape a woman . carlo I know . I be just say I understand . walter do not look at carlos . carlo ( cont would ) it 's crazy out there . ( signal to the crowd ) Young girl wear mini this and mini that . sometimes when I walk down the street and pass some sexy - look woman , she make I feel like I be bother she . she stare down like she 's afraid to look at I . why she do that ? why can not she look I in the face ? walter maybe because you be look she in the face . carlos look at walter . carlo I see a pretty woman , I look . that 's the price of beauty , my friend . my god , you should see what Anna 's friend wear . arlo laugh . walter look at he . walter carlos , can I ask you something ? carlo sure . ( continued ) C C 78 . continued : ( 4 ) walter ( pause ) N othing . carlo ask I . ask I anything . walter ( pause ) do you ever ... do you have feeling for Anna ? arlo look at walter . carlo what do you mean ? walter I mean ... feeling . a look of horror / disgust pass over carlos 's face , and he lurch forward grab walter by the shirt collar . drink spill . carlo listen , man . I do not get you sick problem , and if you or anybody else ever come near my daughter , I will kill you . carlos let go of walter roughly and get up and leave . walter look around embarrassed -- onlooker slowly turn away . walter pick up a napkin and start to blot the table dry . int . walter' bedroom - night Vicki stand before walter who sit on the edge of the bed . both be naked . she kiss he . he turn she around and pull she to he lap . walter 's hand be on she hip . he move she body slowly -- very slowly -- around he lap . Vicki go with it , enjoy herself , then try to turn around . walter hold she still . ( continued ) T E I V 79 . continued : VICKI walter ... he lean he face into she hair . he take deep audible breath . Vicki try to turn again , but he will not let she . she be arouse but confuse . VICKI ( cont would ) walter ... let I ... she try to reach back . walter catch she hand and hold it to she side . walter do not touch I ... please . he hold she tight . int . walter' bedroom - early morning walter lie in bed , eye open . there be the SOUND of child play outside . he carefully sit up in bed revealing Vicki asleep beside he . ixt . schoolyard - morning n slightly fast motion grainy style of transfer 8 mm , kid parade down the sidewalk head for school . the camera pan to reveal candy watch they . walter ( v.o. ) ( in the ratatat tone of a sportscaster ) good morning , fellow sport fan . the match be about to begin . candy enter the arena look sweet and trim . he check out the scene but play it cool . he 's definitely hold back . ( pause ) uh-oh , candy 's eye have lock onto something . oh yeah . railing behind the other be the angel - face boy . freeze frame . ( continued ) W W W T 80 . continued : walter ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) a cherub of a lad have separate from he friend . candy quickly make he move . he pat the cherub on he head , ruffle he hair . with he other hand , he offer the boy a bag of m&amp ; Ms. jumbo size . che boy tear open the bag . andy smile . freeze frame . walter ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) round one to candy . candy point across the street to he white volvo . walter ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) a very risky move by candy . the boy look at the car but walk away ! candy follow the boy . freeze frame . walter ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) round two go to the cherub . candy strut around the boy rapping , clap , snap he finger . walter ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) I have never see candy act so cocky . candy point to he car again , then dance , see in slow - motion , toward it . walter ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) the cherub look at candy ; the cherub look at the car ; the cherub look for he friend . but he friend be long go . the cherub be alone . the cherub cross the street ! candy open the car door . ( continued ) W V 81 . continued : ( 2 ) walter ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) ( pause . normal tone ) the cherub get in the car . the boy get in the car . instant replay . the boy get in the car . zoom in . the car door close . int . walter' apt . - day walter sit stare out the window . the sound of child play . icki walk into the room and see walter sit by the window . she walk up behind he and put she hand on he shoulder . VICKI what be you do ? walter turn around , startle , brush she off . walter do not do that . VICKI do what ? walter sneak up behind I like that . VICKI what 's you fuck problem ? walter why 's it always my fuck problem ? Vicki look at walter . VICKI what 's go on ? walter nothing . Vicki look at he . ( continued ) E E W I 82 . continued : walter ( cont would ) I do not sleep well . VICKI do you want to talk about it ? walter I need a shower . he walk back into the bedroom . a school bell ring and Vicki look out the window . she see the child run into school . she look back in the direction walter leave . int . VICKI be car - day Vicki and walter ride in the car . Vicki glance at walter . he stare ahead , then lean he head back and close he eye ... I int . bus - day ... walter ride , head back , eye close . the bus come to a stop and a couple of passenger get on . walter open he eye . the girl with binocular come to sit in the seat ahead of walter . walter stare at the girl . the bus pull up to another stop -- it be walter 's . the door to the bus open . walter look at the door , he do not move . the door close . he look back at the girl . the bus drive on . ext . bus - stop - day the bus come to a stop . the girl get off amongst a couple of passenger . walter follow . ext . park - day walter walk down a path that open onto a secluded little field surround by tree . ( continued ) 83 . continued : the girl stand in the middle of the field look at the sky through she binocular . she turn slowly , scan the tree . she spot walter and lower the binocular . girl hello . walter be silent . he look up at the tree . girl ( cont would ) what be you look at ? walter bird . girl ( indifferently ) there 's a million bird here . walter in that birch tree be a nest . girl voice ( interested ) where ? walter ( point ) up there . she look through she binocular . walter stare at she . walter ( cont would ) a little higher . she point she binocular up . walter walk towards she . girl there 's little chick ! ( turn to walter ) you want to see ? walter sure . she hand he she binocular . he look through they . ( continued ) 84 . continued : ( 2 ) girl they be starling . walter ( continue look ) be that right ? girl I do not like starling . walter why not ? girl they be extremely aggressive bird . plus , they habit be rather filthy . walter the mother sure have she hand full . he hand she back the binocular . walter ( cont would ) you always carry this ? girl when I go bird -watch . it 's why I like come here . walter it 's just a city park . girl you would be surprised how many kind of bird you will see here . last week I see a purple martin . and the week before that , I see a solitary vireo . that 's rare . walter a solitary vireo . I like that one . girl they sound be quite musical . ( continued ) G 85 . continued : ( 3 ) walter how do it sound ? girl it 's hard to describe . walter try . girl I can not . walter I bet you can . she shake she head . walter ( cont would ) I would love to hear it . girl ( pause ) it 's a bright sound . she close she eye and pipe a little tune . irl ( cont would ) cheery ! cheerily ! cheery ! cheerily ! she open she eye , shyly . girl ( cont would ) something like that . walter G that be terrific . irl you should hear the bird . walter you live around here ? girl ( pause ) not too far . ( more ) ( continued ) G 86 . girl ( cont would ) continued : ( 4 ) ( she look at he ) be you a bird - watcher too ? walter me? Nah . I be more of a people watcher . girl be you watch I ? walter ( pause ) not at first . you would stare at the top of the tree so intently . any second I think you would take off and fly . girl I have to go . walter do you come here often ? irl my daddy like I home before dark . walter it 's good to listen to you daddy . the girl run off down the path . walter watch after she . he stand alone in the field . int . bus - day walter ride the bus . through many different neighborhood , day pass into night . he stare beyond he reflection . over the follow voice - over we cut between walter 's apartment and walter riding the bus . walter ( v.o. ) I follow a girl . int . walter' apartment - night walter sit at he window , write in he journal , fast . ( continued ) W S W I 87 . continued : walter ( v.0 . ) I talk to a girl ... I be near a girl ... Jesus God ! what do I want to happen ? I int . bus - night the bus drive by a number of billboard , child 's gap ad ... walter ( v.o. ) maybe it 's like rosen say . maybe I want nothing to happen . int . walter be apt . - night walter pause in the write . walter ( out loud ) Fucking rosen ! this be not help . there 's a loud knock at the door . walter look over in surprise . the knock come again . walter quickly close he journal and put it in a drawer . the knock come again . walter go to the door and open it partially . ergeant Lucas stand outside . luca hiya , walter . walter open the door . Lucas enter . walter slowly close the door behind he . walter what can I do for you , sergeant Lucas ? Lucas signal a chair . luca have a seat . walter slowly sit . Lucas walk around the room . he pause . ( continued ) 88 . continued : luca ( cont would ) too much sun . walter what ? Lucas point to the plant on the windowsill . luca you ivy . too much direct sunlight . this plant do not like a lot of sun . W walter they grow outside , do not they ? luca sure they do . but outside they have get tree around they . the tree shade they from the sun . of course , the plant enrich the soil around the tree . one of nature 's symbiotic relationship . walter you go to take I on a nature walk ? luca do not be witty . ( pause ) yesterday you take the number twelve bus from work , but instead of get off at you normal stop , for some reason you stay on . why do you stay on the bus , walter ? walter I fall asleep . Lucas throw he a look . walter ( cont would ) when I wake up I be confuse . I get off at the wrong stop and walk home . ( continued ) W 89 . continued : ( 2 ) Lucas look at the bus map on the wall . luca you walk home . walter yes . Lucas spit he gum into the garbage can and sit down across from walter . luca some of this guy ... they walk right into a family 's home as if they live there . very fuck ballsy . walter be silent . luca ( cont would ) this one guy on death row , who I will call Henry , tell I about he last victim . Henry say how he 's in the bedroom of a seven - year - old cutie name Adele . her mother 's in the live room watch tv . she 's get the volume on so damn high he can hear David letterman 's joke . Henry put he hand over Adele 's mouth and say , " if you scream , little girl , I will kill you mother . " and of course little Adele do not scream , do not cry , do not make a sound . then he take she hand and out they go through the front door . ( pause ) ten day later they find Adele 's body . or what 's leave of it . ( look at walter ) you believe in fairy tale ? walter Fairy tale ? luca do you believe in they ? ( continued ) L W 90 . continued : ( 3 ) walter no . luca neither do i. ( pause ) what 's the one with the woodsman ? walter woodsman ? luca the one with the ax ? walter I do not know . luca sure you do . he cut open the wolf 's stomach , and the girl step out alive . walter Little Red Riding Hood . luca that 's it . Little Red Riding Hood jump out of the wolf 's gut with hardly a scratch . ( pause ) ever see a seven- year - old girl sodomize almost in half ? walter shake he head . luca ( cont would ) she look so small and break . I see harden twenty - year veteran cry . they cry like baby . I be there . ai not no fuck woodsman in this world . Lucas take out a fresh piece of gum and pop it in he mouth . then he rise . ( continued ) G 91 . continued : ( 4 ) walter you know she ? luca what ? walter the girl . Lucas stare coldly at walter , he face red . he look dangerous . luca ( seethe ) I do not know why they keep let scum like you return to the street . it just mean we have get to catch you all over again . he slap walter on the back of the head ... luca ( cont would ) see ya , walter . ... and exit . walter rush to the blind , draw they down , then scramble to get he journal from the drawer . he drop to he knee , tear the page from he journal , tear they to bit . walter you have no right to talk to ... to speak like ... I be not !... I be not ! the SOUND of child fade in , and walter look up . in the bedroom doorway be the girl in she white nightgown , sit on the red ball , rock back and forth , she chin in she hand . irl wallie , what be you do ? ( continued ) W p 92 . continued : ( 5 ) walter squeeze he eye shut and clamp he hand over he ear . the sound abruptly stop . int . bus - morning walter ride the bus . he be unshaven and look exhaust . he be jostle by the crowd but seem oblivious . int . warehouse - morning as walter walk into the warehouse , man step out of the way and give he leer look . walter walk into -- I int . warehouse locker room - day -- the locker room . a hush suddenly fall over the room . walter look around . no one will meet he eye . he open he locker and a piece of paper slide out . it be a xerox of the police notification information of walter print from the Internet . walter stare at the paper . suddenly something slam next to he head . a piece of metal clang to the floor . walter turn around . edro stare at he , surround by a number of man . Vicki stand in front of she locker hold the flyer . she look scared . she glance at the man then walk over to walter . VICKI ( quiet ) come on , let 's get out of here . walter do not move . pedro do not tell I you feel sorry for this sick fuck . VICKI mind you own business , pedro ! Vicki look defiantly at the man . ( continued ) W T B 93 . continued : Bob hurry in , follow by a worker . bob what the hell be go on here ?! he 's hand a flyer . he look it over and turn red . he look at walter then the man . ob ( cont would ) who do this ? Mary - Kay stand quietly in the back of the room , a look of satisfaction on she face . Vicki look at she . Mary - Kay turn and see Vicki 's glare . she quickly look away . no one answer . Bob look at the man for a long moment then at walter . bob ( cont would ) any man who can not deal with it can see I in my office . I will pay you for a week , and you can clear out . Bob crumple the paper in he hand . bob ( cont would ) we have get a hell of a lot of order today . get to work . Bob turn and walk away . he man be stunne . Three angrily follow after Bob . as do Mary - Kay . walter walk off without say anything , he expression blank . int . warehouse - day W walter work at he station . he pause , stare at the cut blade whirling before he . he look up around he . after a long moment , he turn the machine off and walk away . m 94 . int . warehouse - later Vicki look up from where she be work and notice walter 's place be empty . she look around . int . warehouse office - day Vicki enter . Mary - Kay sit at she desk , type . VICKI have you see walter ? mary -kay ( big fake smile ) Lovers ' quarrel ? Vicki pick up Mary - Kay 's mug and pour coffee on she lap . Mary - Kay shriek and stand up . Vicki tear through Mary - Kay 's drawer throw content to the floor . ary -kay ( cont would ) what the hell be you do ? Bob walk in . bob what the hell be go on ? V icki pull out a handful of the notification flier . mary -kay people have the right to know . VICKI if she 's here tomorrow , I will fuck kill she . Vicki throw the papers at Bob and storm out . Bob look at Mary -kay . V 95 . ext . warehouse - day Vicki quickly cross the parking lot to she Jeep , put she coat on as she go . int . bus - day walter ride the bus , watch the landscape go by , he expression stony . ext . walter' apt . - day Vicki pull she Jeep into the parking lot and screech to a stop . she race up the stair and knock on walter 's door . no answer . she knock again . no answer . VICKI shit . she disappear back down the stair . int . walter' apt . - day the door open . Vicki enter and turn to the superintendent stand in the doorway . VICKI thanks again . I promise I would take care of he plant . the super shrug and head back down the stair . Vicki close the door and turn around . the place be a mess , the blind draw . she turn on the light . there be no sign of walter . she see the journal scattered on the floor and leaf through the piece . the image of the girl with red marker be stick inside . V VICKI ( cont would ) shit . ( continued ) V a S 96 . continued : she pick up a couple piece of paper and scan they , then she put the piece together . walter 's word be scrawle across the paper . her hand start to shake . int . bus - day the bus pull to a stop . walter get off . ext . park - day walter walk down park path . a jogger run by , but otherwise it be quiet . int . walter' apt . - day Vicki frantically gather piece of the journal and stuff they in a plastic bag . her face be flushed . he stand up and stuff the bag in the garbage then pause , stare at the garbage can . she open the can , grab the bag , quickly look around the apartment . there be the sound of the school bell outside . she rush to the window and raise the blind . Children pour out of the school . she quickly leave . ext . park - day walter sit on a park bench in the same little field where he have encounter the girl before . he be alone . he sit still . he look up at the tree . int . VICKI be car - day Vicki drive , the bag on the passenger seat . she come to a stop light and look in the rear view mirror . cop car pull up behind she . icki reach over for the bag and stuff it under the seat . the light turn green . Vicki drive slowly . the cop change lane and pass she . she let out she breath . ext . street montage - same time Vicki slowly drive by a series of park , school , mall - search . ( continued ) W 97 . continued : Children abound , play , run free , get off of school bus , run to meet they parent . there be no sign of walter . ext . park - day the girl walk into the clear , wear she binocular around she neck . she stop when she see walter sit on the bench . walter continue stare at the tree . she walk over to he . girl see anything interesting ? walter not yet . the girl sit on the bench and pull a small book from she backpack . she start write in it . walter watch she . W walter ( cont would ) what be you write in that book ? girl it 's my bird book . she show it to he . girl ( cont would ) I have identify sixty - seven species of bird this year alone . the girl write in she book . walter watch . walter where be you friend ? she continue write ignore he question . walter ( cont would ) do not you have friend ? girl I have friend . ( continued ) W 98 . continued : walter a pretty girl like you should have a lot of friend . girl I be not pretty . walter well ... not in the common way . she look at walter . girl what do that mean ? walter it mean uncommon beauty be commonly overlook . most people only notice bird with the brightest color . the girl sit silently . walter ( cont would ) what 's you name ? she pick up she binocular and peer through they . walter ( cont would ) Linda ... Susan ... Jennifer ... Jackie .. she continue look , but she smile . walter ( cont would ) you tell I you name , I will tell you mine . girl ( pause ) Robin . walter laugh . robin yeah , like the bird . ( continued ) W 99 . continued : ( 2 ) walter ( pause ) can I ask how old you be ? robin I be twelve . walter no you be not . robin I will be in three month . ( pause ) I can not wait . I hate be eleven . it have to be the stupidest age in the world . she look at walter . robin ( cont would ) what 's you name ? walter hesitates then shrug . walter walter . robin do you have many friend ? walter no . robin how come ? walter a long time ago , I be send far away . when they let I come back , all my friend be go . robin it sound like you be banish . walter banish ... yeah . ( continued ) 100 . continued : ( 3 ) robin bird be my friend . that sound egotistical , but they be . bird know I watch they , but they do not mind because they like be watch ... if they know you will not hurt they . walter Robin ? robin yes ? walter would you like to sit on my lap ? Robin look at he . robin what ? walter would you like to sit on my lap ? robin ( pause ) no thank you . walter be you sure ? robin I be sure . thank you all the same . walter that 's okay ... do not matter . robin ( pause ) do you want I to sit on you lap ? walter look at she . walter yes . I would enjoy that . ( continued ) 101 . continued : ( 4 ) Robin shiver . walter ( cont would ) be you cold ? she shake she head . walter slide closer and rub she arm with he hand . walter ( cont would ) you look cold . Robin be silent . walter ( cont would ) I know a place in the park where only very small bird go . there be no people or dog or ugly crow and pigeon . it 's quiet except for the song of this tiny sparrowlike bird . would you like I to take you there ? robin ( pause ) they sound like finch . walter they could be finch . I do not know . we should go before it get dark . he stand up . walter ( cont would ) ready ? Robin do not move . robin my daddy let I sit on he lap . walter do he ? robin yes . ( continued ) 102 . continued : ( 5 ) walter do you like it when he ask you ? she look at he . robin no . her answer have a strange effect on walter , as if for a moment he have lose he balance . carefully , he sit down and stare at he hand . W walter why not ? she be quiet . walter ( cont would ) be you two alone when he ask you ? still silent . walter ( cont would ) do he touch you ? Robin look through she binocular . walter ( cont would ) do he say strange thing ? she scan the tree . walter ( cont would ) do he move he leg in a funny way ? Robin drop she head and quietly sob . walter look at she but make no effort to comfort she . walter ( cont would ) have you tell you mother ? she shake she head . ( continued ) 103 . continued : ( 6 ) walter ( cont would ) be there anyone at home you can talk to ? she be quiet . walter ( cont would ) be there a teacher you like at school ? she nod . walter ( cont would ) what 's she name ? robin Ms. Kramer . walter tell Ms. Kramer what you daddy do . robin I can not . walter yes you can , Robin . Robin in silent . walter ( cont would ) you say you could not make the sound of a solitary vireo . but you do . beautifully . I hear you . robin what will happen if I do ? walter someone will talk to you daddy . and then he will stop do that thing ... the thing you do not like . tear come to Robin 's eye again . ( continued ) 104 . continued : ( 7 ) robin but will he ... ? walter you daddy will always love you . robin how do you know ? walter I know because ... it 's just something I know . robin I do not want to hurt my daddy . walter Robin , listen to I . she look at he . walter struggle to find the word . walter ( cont would ) at first he will be upset ... very upset . it 's because he will realize he 's be a bad daddy . then he will try ... he will try very hard to be a good daddy ... people will say stupid , ignorant thing about you daddy . that will be hard for you ... but one thing I know for sure , he will always love you ... always . there be a long moment of silence . robin walter ? walter yes ? robin do you still want I to sit on you lap ? walter stare at she . ( continued ) 105 . continued : ( 8 ) robin ( cont would ) I will . walter slide away from she . walter no . robin I do not mind . walter you should go home . robin can not I stay a little longer ? walter it 's get dark . go home . robin will I see you again ? walter be silent . walter go home , Robin . Robin get up , go over to walter , and hug he . walter start to put he arm around she but refrain . robin bye . she run off . walter look out , numb . ext . walter' apartment - night walter approach he building . the white volvo sit park across the street in front of the school . walter walk a couple of more step when the door to the volvo open . walter freeze . candy get out of the car . as he turn , walter no longer see candy but himself -- many year young . ( continued ) 106 . continued : walter watch , fear and emotion coursing through he face . Young walter lean back in and pull the front seat forward , and a young girl emerge . flash to the angel - face boy get out of the car . candy pat he on the head . walter see young walter pat the girl on the head . she run off down the street . walter race towards candy . candy tuck he shirt in , put the seat back , and be about to get in the car when walter call out -- walter hey ! candy whirl around . walter smashes he in the face . candy reel backwards hit the car . walter attack candy full force . as he punch flash of young walter appear , then candy , then young walter again . he pound and pound on candy then finally pull away . candy sputter on the ground . walter , breathe hard , stare at candy . he look at the blood on he hand , which shake uncontrollably . he slowly stand up and start to back away . candy roll over and groan as he try to raise himself . walter turn , tuck he head down , and quickly walk away . int . walter' apartment - night walter stand in the live room . he look down at the floor where the journal be and see that nothing be there . he go to he window and lower the blind . ext . VICKI be apartment - night through the window we see Vicki sit on she couch , bite she nail , stare off into space . the phone sit next to she . D a I 107 . int . walter' bathroom - night walter stand in the shower . he turn the water on and let it run over he . slowly , he begin to sob . int . walter' bedroom - night walter stand at the bureau , clean up and dress in fresh clothes . he look up and stare at himself in the mirror . the sound of traffic fade in . ext . CITY street - night walter walk down a city street with board up store front . the sidewalk be wet from a steady drizzle . Cars pass by on the wet pavement . as walter walk , we intercut with a series of flashbacks : a ) ext . school - walter look at the blood on he hand then at candy moan on the ground . B ) ext . park - Robin stand in the middle of the field , binocular hold to she eye , scan the tree . C ) extreme close - up : Robin lower the binocular and stare we straight in the eye . ext . CITY STREET - night walter stand at a intersection . the light play across he face . flashback ) ext . cop car - night - walter 's face slam against a cop car . his hand be cuffed behind he , and he be roughly frisk . he try to look back over he shoulder but he face be hold down . E ) ext . park - Robin dance in circle in the field , arm stretch out as if she be ready to fly . 108 . ext . CITY STREET - night a car race by , and walter walk along a busy street fast . the rain fall harder now . flashback ) ext . house - night - walter get place in the back of the cop car . the cop get in the front seat . walter look out the window at he house as the car pull away . stand on the front step , he wife turn away , carry he daughter inside . a cop close the door behind they . G ) ext . school - walter pound and pound on candy . ext . CITY STREET - night walter cross a old brick bridge that span a river . flashback ) ext . park - Robin twirl and twirl , then slowly dissolves into the girl with the red ball and white nightgown . the girl spin and spin , she dress flutter in the wind . slowly the girl fade away so the field be empty , except for a number of small bird flutter around the ground . ext . VICKI be apartment - night walter stand outside Vicki 's door . after a moment he knock . the door open to show Vicki . she stare at walter . ext . / int . VICKI be apartment - night through the window we see Vicki sit down on the couch , and walter sit on the coffee table , face she . he start to talk and take she hand . she pull it away . he continue to talk and take she hand again , not let she pull away . truck pass by over the wet pavement , rattling the window . ext . schoolyard - day the school be quiet , the playground empty . swing sway listlessly in the breeze . 109 . ext . walter' apartment build - day the old chevy pull into the parking lot . int . walter' apartment - day walter bring he duffel bag into he live room and set it down next to a clothes hamper . box be scattered about the space . there 's a knock on the door . walter it 's open . the door open and Lucas enter . walter pause . L luca hi ya , walter . walter automatically sit down in the chair . walter what can I do for you , sergeant Lucas ? Lucas walk over to the window . luca you do not know ? walter know what ? luca I will be ask the question . ( pause ) last night , you hear anything unusual ? scream ? shout ? walter no . ( continued ) 110 . continued : luca man be badly beat across the street . you know anything about that ? walter I be asleep . luca ( pause ) I do not say what time the assault occur . walter you say last night . I go to bed pretty early . luca the assault take place at approximately seven thirty . walter I go to bed around seven . Lucas give he a look . walter ( cont would ) I be not feel well . luca I could take you downtown . walter you could . it would be a waste of you time , though . walter start fold he clothes and place they in the duffle bag . luca there be a boy there . walter be silent . Lucas watch he closely . ( continued ) 111 . continued : ( 2 ) luca ( cont would ) he i.d. would the assailant . the description match you pretty well . walter I suppose if you be look for a male between the age of thirty and fifty , medium height , medium weight , medium build . probably not too many man fit that bill . luca just give I a straight answer , walter , cause the irony go right over my head . Lucas walk around . walter fold a shirt . luca ( cont would ) that 's a nasty scratch on you neck . walter I have a passionate girlfriend . luca what 's with the box ? walter you be a cop . figure it out . luca I would say you be move . walter it 's a free country , be not it ? Lucas throw he a look . walter ( cont would ) just kid . I be move in with my girlfriend . Lucas raise he brow then take out a piece of gum . ( continued ) 112 . continued : ( 3 ) luca the passionate one ? walter yes . luca then I would say you be a lucky fellow . walter I count my blessing . luca well , I guess I will be see you . Lucas pop the gum in he mouth and head towards the door . walter pause in he fold . walter think you will catch this guy ? Lucas turn . luca oh , yeah . we will catch he . unfortunately , the victim can not talk . in addition to he other injury , he jaw be break . walter be silent . luca ( cont would ) however , we run a i.d. on the victim . turn out he 's want in Pennsylvania . he rape a boy there . Lucas watch walter who impassively unroll and roll the same pair of sock . luca ( cont would ) you sure you do not know nothing about this ? walter ` fraid not . ( continued ) 113 . continued : ( 4 ) Lucas look at walter for a moment . luca stay out of trouble , walter . Cause I will be watch you . he exit . walter realize he unroll the sock . he toss they in the duffel bag . int . VICKI be car - late afternoon Vicki drive . walter stare out the passenger window . the sun be low on the horizon . walter wear a press button - down shirt . he be clean -shaven and he hair neatly comb . his hand fidget in he lap . VICKI you okay ? walter yeah . VICKI Fucking liar . Vicki reach for he hand , then something catch she eye . VICKI ( cont would ) hey , look . walter follow she gaze . VICKI ( cont would ) starling . n the horizon , a flock of starling whirl and turn as if one huge body , a dance cloud against the sky . walter I hear they be filthy bird . VICKI not when they fly . ( continued ) 114 . continued : Vicki look at he and smile . there be a long beat as they drive . I /e. VICKI be car , reservoir - day Vicki sit in she car smoking . she stub out she cigarette . the ashtray be full . she look out the window . V icki 's Pov : walter and a woman stand in the distance near the water . the woman look a few year young than walter . there be space between they . walter face she , but she look out at the water . after a long moment , he reach to touch she arm . the woman pull away and yell something at he . walter 's head drop . icki light another cigarette . she flip on the radio to country music , block out all sound . she look back out the window . the woman yell angrily then fall quiet -- stare at walter . after a long moment , she turn and walk back up the hill to she car where carlos wait , lean against the car . annette get in the car , slamm the door . carlos pause , look at walter , then get in the car and turn on the engine to leave . walter stay stand near the water . walter ( v.o. ) I see my sister . int . rosen' office walter sit in he usual seat across from rosen . walter it be hard . rosen be silent . walter ( cont would ) she 's still really hurt ... and angry . I do not know ... if she will ever ... forgive I . ( more ) ( continued ) 115 . walter ( cont would ) continued : I understand that . I do . I just hope ... I just want she to ... rosen accept you ? walter nod . rosen ( cont would ) it 's go to take time , walter . walter ( to himself ) time . rosen how do you feel about that ? walter I feel ... okay . walter look at rosen who nod . there be a moment of silence between they . the end