the post written by Liz Hannah base on a true story . Brittany kahan graciella sanchez echo Lake entertainment Star thrower entertainment ( 310 ) 789-4790 ( 310 ) 855-9009 int . dine room , dupont club - morning it 's breakfast , there 's a soft hum of conversation . the glass window on one side show off the D.C. skyline . BEN bradlee ( late 40s , articulate but short - tempere ) sit with he back against the view . he have a red pencil in hand and read the draft of a story : '' Senate told Nixon Aid to Laos illegal '' . chryon : June 9 , 1971 bradlee rub he eye and look around the room . there be men scattered amongst the table read newspaper . bradlee squint to get a better look - every paper be '' the New York Times '' . he frown and look back at the story - bored . kay ( 0.s. ) be I late ? katharine '' kay '' graham ( mid 5as ) speak with train intent - never let something slip that she have not consider many time over . she 's well put together but not ostentatious . bradlee ( surprised ) Mrs. Graham . kay I think we say 8:30 . bradlee yes , I be just catch up on a few thing . she nod once and sit . a waiter arrive . waiter ( to Kay ) May I get you anything ? kay a cup of tea , please . waiter Mr. bradlee ? bradlee thanks , but another cup and I 'il be fly to the office . neither Kay nor the waiter get it . the waiter leave . kay be there something you want to talk about ? he reach into he bag and pull out a magazine , fold to a certain page , and show it to she . bradlee have you see this ? kay of course . she do not take it as he intend , so now it hang limply between they . he read - bradlee '' Men be more able than woman at executive work and in certain situation . I think a man would be better at this job I be in than a woman . '' do you say that ? kay it 's a interview with I . bradlee but do you believe it ? kay do you not ? bradlee ( annoyed ) it do not particularly matter what I believe - I be not the publisher of the Washington Post . she give a noncommittal acknowledgment . a moment pass . bradlee ( cont ’d ) well , I be in a tough position with it . kay why be that ? bradlee how be I suppose to put a paper together with someone who do not think they should be in charge ? kay I do not say that . bradlee it be imply . kay forgive I , but I disagree . bradlee forgive I , but that do not particularly matter . I be pretty sure the consensus be in my corner . kay there be corner ? bradlee ( sigh ) that 's not what I mean . kay playground fight be not go to get we anywhere , Mr. bradlee . bradlee that 's why we be in a restaurant , not a sandbox . she press she lip together - a nervous tic she 's never be able to shake . maybe to stop she from say something she should not . bradlee ( cont ’d ) we have be get mail - letter - from woman . ask you to correct you quote . she 's take aback but cover . kay that 's ridiculous . bradlee I be not so sure that it be . kay well , that will not be happen . he sigh , a moment pass . bradlee I be not try to be combative . I ... we be still new at this . she give he a look . bradlee ( cont ’d ) the two of we . work together . as editor and , look , I do not see a point in let thing fester . kay I agree . bradlee good . I - kay I would like you to tell I what you be do with the style section . the term '' style '' come out as if it have vinegar attach to it . he cross he arm and sit back in the chair - annoyed . bradlee in what way ? kay be there more than one ? bradlee we be figure it out . kay it 's be a year . bradlee it 's go to take another . kay we can not keep waste time on a section that discuss ... what be it again ? bradlee fashion , lifestyle , you know - she do not . bradlee ( cont ’d ) my wife like it . kay I be happy for she . bradlee we can not drop the '' style '' section . kay why not ? bradlee because the Times be start to print they own . kay good for they . bradlee if they run with it and it 's a hit , how 's that go to look ? she purse she lip again ; he 's exasperate . she pull a piece of paper from she purse . kay I have get a quote here , too . ( she reluctantly read ) '' Ben bradlee need a manage editor like a boar need tit . '' he let out a laugh , a man nearby give she a look . kay ( cont 'd ) you know who send this to I ? bradlee how many guess do I get ? kay gene Patterson . bradlee would have need three . kay he will be step down at the end of the year . bradlee what 's he wait for ? kay I ask he to stay . he give she a look , clearly annoyed . kay ( cont 'd ) you ask for my support , I hire you support , then you terrorize they . bradlee or maybe he just want to see if you would say '' tit '' ? kay that 's beside the point . bradlee we be dance around that be not we. ( beat ) I do not terrorize gene . kay he 's you manage editor . bradlee be . kay he say you be not receptive to he idea . bradlee that 's not how I have put it . kay how be I suppose to trust the Post be do what it should if you change you mind at every turn ? bradlee I be not change my mind about style . kay you change you mind about gene . bradlee no , I never want gene . I be clear about that . kay ( exasperate ) I be try to work with you , Mr. bradlee . bradlee no , Mrs. Graham , you be not . gene 's right - I do not need a manage editor . I need a publisher , you , who be willing to back I , my editor , and my writer . kay how do I not ? bradlee ( shaking the magazine ) by say idiotic thing like this ! the people around they sneak a peek once more . this be not the first time Kay 's be scold , but probably the only time it 's happen from outside she family . bradlee know he go too far but he 's too stubborn to apologize . kay forgive I , but I do not know what you want I to say . bradlee in the event of that , just say nothing . they sit quietly . the waiter arrive with she tea . waiter ready to order ? this be go to be a long breakfast . begin open credit ext . dupont club - a little later bradlee step onto the street , the bustle of pedestrian and commuter on they way to work . he begin he journey through the maze of d.c . int . underground garage , dupont club - same time Kay climb into the back of a chauffeure car . simply , this be something she 's always do . int . car - continuous the car pull out into the city and head in the direction of the Post office . sitting on the seat next to Kay be the magazine . it 's she own copy . she 's on the cover - regal , but sad . the title , '' one -on - one with the Queen of the beltway '' . she frown . ext . various , WASHINGTON , d.c . - same time bradlee edge he way around a small Vietnam protest walk towards the White House , which can be see off in the distance . int . car - same time Kay read the article . it 's clear she 's read it many time and be perhaps more insecure about what she say than she let on . the car pull into another underground garage and stop . int . lobby , WASHINGTON post - same time bradlee walk in , he shirt damp from the humidity and walk . he throw he copy of the magazine into a nearby trash can and climb onto a elevator . int . executive floor , WASHINGTON post - same time the elevator door open , Kay 's posture straighten , jaw tighten , she step off . the energy be tense , stiff , quiet . along the wall be two portrait : eugene meyer ( 1875 - 1959 ) , Kay 's father , and phil graham ( 1915 - 1963 ) , Kay 's late husband . they watch over she as she pass to she office at the end of the hall . end open credit int . bullpen , WASHINGTON post - morning bradlee step off a different elevator and look across the bullpen : a constant soundtrack of typewriter , the din of the news on a tv set , random conversation that come in spurt and start . he smile to himself - this be home . the serenity last for just one moment when - meg I want to ask they about the vet again . meg greenfield ( 40s , no -nonsense ) instantly annoys he . he do not stop walk . bradlee no . meg they be throw they medal into the potomac and we be ok with the White House 's '' no comment '' ? bradlee I need you to write something about the protest . meg which one ? bradlee the United - woman 's - whatever - they 's be - call . go and ... I do not know . just get they to not hate we right now . meg I take it Mrs. Graham will not be retract - bradlee go away . she grin and head off as bradlee approach he office , hand he briefcase to he secretary , cynthia . BEN bagdikian ( 5as , turkish , resolute ) be wait for he . bradlee ( cont ’d ) ( to Cynthia , annoyed ) I think you tell they not to hover ? cynthia they do not listen . bradlee this be go to annoy I , be not it . bagdikian have you see sheehan around ? bradlee Neil ? have we start let the Times just take up office space here ? bagdikian he have not be at the briefing in a while . bradlee what 's a while ? bagdikian week . bradlee ( surprised ) week ? 10 . bagdikian yea . bradlee no , I have not see he . bagdikian ok . bagdikian walk off abruptly , as he customarily do . something about this stick in bradlee 's craw . bradlee ( annoyed ) get someone to find out what sheehan 's be up to . Cynthia nod . he head off down the hallway . int . gene 's office , WASHINGTON post - moment later gene patterson ( late 40s , thinning hairline ) read over some page . there 's a knock on the door , bradlee stand there . gene sigh and sit back in he chair . bradlee enter . bradlee do you do it so she have say tit ? gene just a add bonus . beat . bradlee I can not say that I be all that disappointed . gene nothing but honest . bradlee it 's not like either of we get anything out of the other be miserable . gene you be right on that . bradlee be you miserable ? gene it 's be ... difficult . 11 . bradlee I be the '' it '' in that sentence ? gene yes . bradlee think about that and nod . bradlee Mrs. Graham say you 'il be stay on for a couple of month . gene she ask I to . bradlee if you do not want to , I will - gene no , I have like to see thing get sort properly . bradlee nod and extend he hand across the desk . bradlee a shame it do not work out - I hope you know I respect you . gene rise and accept the handshake . gene I do not , so thank you . int . boardroom , WASHINGTON post - same time ten men sit around a large oval table . at the head be frederick '' fritz '' beebe ( late 60 , Chairman of the board , proper and kind ) with paul ignatius ( 5as , President of the Washington Post , Co. , stick up ) to he right . on he leave be Kay - she 's tense in this set . her hand rest properly on a bound document in front of she . it read '' the WASHINGTON post company initial ipo prospectus '' . fritz as you can see , we underwriter have propose a ipo for a little over 1.35 million share of class B stock . all of the class a stock will stay within the meyer - Graham family and they will continue to have the majority vote and right to elect 70 percent of the director . ( more ) 12 . fritz ( cont 'd ) class B stockholder will elect the remainder . there be some murmur of acknowledgment , a few nod . ignatius well , I think that 's where my problem be , fritz . fritz sigh , he and ignatius clearly be not compatible . Kay 's face tighten . fritz how so ? ignatius the majority vote to elect the majority of director ? that feel ... one sided to say the least . fritz do you have another suggestion ? ignatius I just think that perhaps there should be more of a balance . as President , it seem like my voice should be hear , no ? the tenor of the room become tense , ignatius keep a watchful eye on Kay . marvin ( 60 ) , a boardmember . marvin I see where he 's come from , fritz . we be elect to the board in order - fritz you be elect by the Graham family . marvin well . I - marvin shift in he seat , uncomfortable , eyeing Kay . kay it 's alright , marvin . go on . marvin respectfully , Mrs. Graham , I be elect to this seat by you father . ( more ) 13 . marvin ( cont 'd ) and - I - well , I feela responsibility to keep the company go in the direction he have hope for . kay and you feel that I be not do that ? boardmember # 2 it 's not that necessarily - Kay be surprised by the second opinion . boardmember # 2 ( cont ’d ) it 's just . well . you appointment happen by ... unfortunate circumstance . because of you husband 's , well , because of phil 's accident . and there 's a standard that the Post - there 's a standard we be use to meeting . Kay purse she lip . ignatius clear he throat - ignatius it 's about the number , Mrs. Graham . the revenue from the Post be down by 1 % so far this quarter . fritz it 's only June . ignatius and there have be quite a lot of attack against the President . kay not just by we . marvin I understand the President even cancel he subscription to the Post . fritz that be year ago . ignatius ( exasperate ) you call he caligula for Christ 's sake . 14. kay I do ? ignatius you editor . kay that 's not I . ignatius maybe that 's the problem . kay ( indignant ) that I be not the editor ? ignatius that you do not have control of he . kay ( heat ) what do this have to do with we stock offer ? ignatius it 's more so with the suggest reorganization - kay this company have be own and operate by my family for 40 year . ignatius perhaps that 's what need to change . Kay be stunne , as be a number of people in the room . ignatius keep he eye on hers . int . kay' office , WASHINGTON post - a little later Kay slam the proposal onto she desk , furious . her office be tasteful , mid-century modern with personal touch throughout : photo of she child , etc . fritz walk in and close the door behind he . kay phil always hate they . fritz that be a long list . 15 . kay you seem very relaxed about all of this . fritz I do not know if relaxed be the term I would use but , yes , I think you be preoccupy with the negative . kay be there something I be miss ? fritz ( calm ) the ipo have be approve . with you share , the estate 's share ... it 's a good day . kay I hate money . fritz that 's because you have always have it . she give he a sharp look , but he 's not wrong . fritz ( cont 'd ) this be what the paper need to keep go . you know that . she nod . her face soften , the mask of confidence beginning to drip away . a moment pass . beat . kay none of they come to my defense . fritz that 's not they style . kay do you think I be let they run wild ? fritz downstair ? she nod , he shrug . fritz ( cont 'd ) I never get involved in Post business . phil hate it . kay it just seem ... easier for he . he could talk to they . fritz well , phil ... he love have the ink stain and all that . Fighting it out . you father ... Eugene like to be a part but not a player . kay which work best ? fritz there be issue with both - the public think phil be too involved . even you have say that . maybe you father not enough . but both of they understand the difficulty of the post . you have to be able to command the board and the bullpen . ( laugh ) and neither have to fend with Ben bradlee in charge . kay I think they would respond to he . fritz who ? kay the staff . the public . fritz I think they do . do you ? she 's not sure . Kay 's secretary , liz hylton ( 30 ) , fritz rise to leave . Kay nod . liz Excuse I . fritz do they really call Nixon caligula ? he shake he head , wave as he leave . 16 . enter . 17 . liz you daughter call and say she will meet you at the symphony tonight . kay thank you , Liz . liz and Mr. McNamara call . Kay give she a look . int . conference room , WASHINGTON post - same time it 's a very different look room than where the board meet . bradlee be alone and sit with he foot up on the table , read through some report . howard simon ( early 40s , stubborn , bradlee 's right - hand man ) come in . bradlee be this meeting attendance optional now ? howard they be scramble . Howard sit next to bradlee , eyeing he . after a moment . howard ( cont 'd ) how would that go ? bradlee what ? howard with gene . bradlee it 's Friday , Howard , let 's wait until the blood dry before get into it . howard you be go to talk to I though right ? bradlee I be not sure , if no one else show up in the next five minute you all might be fire anyway . 18 . howard phil 's go to come in here and tell you we do not have anyone cover tricia Nixon 's wedding . bradlee my heart break - which phil ? howard geyelin . how many phil we get ? bradlee why do not we have anyone cover the wedding ? howard the White House will not let we . bradlee stare at he . bradlee I be sorry ? howard Ziegler call and say haldeman and Nixon do not appreciate the coverage from the last event so they be revoking we press privilege for this one . bradlee who be suppose to be there ? howard Judy . bradlee devastate , I be sure . howard she 's be call for Ziegler all day but he will not return . bradlee it 's only 11 be . howard so ? bradlee so when would she start call ? howard you know what I mean . 19 . bradlee I do and I can not believe that the most important conversation I be have with my associate editor be whether Nixon 's daughter 's wedding be go to make the paper this weekend . howard what do you want - bradlee I want coverage of the goddamn wedding ! beat . howard how be breakfast ? through the glass bradlee can see meg , bagdikian , and a few other editor approach . bradlee later . Howard nod . bradlee ( cont ’d ) well - thank you all for join we . meg bagdikian sorry , ben. sorry . gene enter with phil geyelin ( 40s , bald ) and two other editor , he close the door behind they . they all sit . geyelin Ben , we have get a problem with tricia - bradlee someone talk to I about anything else first . meg. geyelin Ben - meg the Grand jury be issue more subpoena on the Capitol bombing . 20 . howard who be they subpoena ? meg ( check note ) a couple - white collar , middle America . bradlee ok . bag , anything from Paris ? bagdikian North vietnamese say they want the US to stop send aid . the US say no . howard so you would categorize that as a productive conversation . bagdikian ( sarcastic ) oh yes , absolutely . editor # 1 ( read note ) the FBI clear it 's own fund in congress yesterday . meg be they allow to do that ? gene they be the FBI . bradlee ( to geyelin ) see if you can get some other papers to share they note and we will get we story from that . editor # 1 ( confuse ) about the FBI ? bradlee no . why , you think the FBI want to know what tricia Nixon 's wear at she wedding ? editor # 1 no - 21 . howard ( sotto ) Hoover do . geyelin I think he mean I . howard I think we should ignore it . gene what ? howard the wedding . they be ignore we , we might as well ignore they . gene I do not know if poke the bear be the best move right now . meg would we call Nixon a bear ? bagdikian he 's more like a little ... eh ... what do you call they ... he scrunches he nose and put he hand to he face . geyelin a weasel ? bagdikian snap he finger and point - meg do not herblock make he up like that ? howard what be you think , Ben ? bradlee I be think the reason the Times have a one up on we be because they do not fuck around call Nixon a weasel . everyone quiet down . Cynthia walk in and hand bradlee a note , he read . 22. geyelin I hear some Times boy go around talk about printing something that would '' end the war . '' meg there be one too many pronoun in that sentence for I to care . howard they say that every other week . bagdikian this about sheehan ? gene what about he ? bagdikian nobody 's see he in the press room in awhile . meg that do not mean anything , that could just be Neil be Neil . geyelin you ok , Ben ? bradlee ( read ) Mrs. Graham want I to know that she just receive a call from the former Secretary of Defense let she know that the Times will be publishing something '' damn '' about he this Sunday . gene what ? bradlee show gene the slip . meg ( hushed to bagdikian ) how 's she know McNamara ? bagdikian ( hushed ) she and phil Graham use to be friend with he and he wife before phil - 23 . he put he hand to he temple as if he 's hold a gun and pull the trigger . meg make a face . geyelin it 's gotta be about Vietnam . gene maybe about they pull out ? howard that do not feel like a scoop . ( to bagdikian ) could it be that report ? bradlee what report ? bagdikian roll he eye - bagdikian there be a rumor a couple year back that some guy be hire by the White House to do a study on Vietnam . geyelin what kind of study ? howard we could not even confirm that the thing exist . bradlee ( to bagdikian ) you talk to rand ? bagdikian a couple time . nothing there . bradlee ( tired ) make some call and see if this '' study '' have anything to do with - bagdikian it do not exist , Ben - bradlee just do it ! I be tired of be ten minute late to the party ! when we meet back in a couple of hour let 's fill in all that '' someone '' and '' somethings '' with a few more fuck detail . 24 . he leave , gene and Howard exchange a glance . int . hallway , WASHINGTON post - moment later bradlee walk toward he office and see michael ( 20 , clean - cut ) wait outside . he do not stop walk . bradlee you the runner ? michael yes . yes , sir . Michael . bradlee in . let 's go . int . bradlee 's office , WASHINGTON post - continuous Michael follow behind he , he hastily tuck he shirt into he pants . bradlee give he a look - bradlee what be you - you tuck you shirt in while walk into the office ? michael bradlee you look into sheehan ? michael yes , sir . he hand bradlee a slip of paper . bradlee look at it . bradlee what 's this . michael um , that 's all Mr. sheehan have write sir . in the last three month . bradlee be you sure ? Michael nod . bradlee stare at the boy , lose in think . Michael shift in he shoe , uncomfortable . bradlee ( cont ’d ) one article in three month . 25 . michael be that ... bad ? bradlee ( sighing ) it 's not good . int . auditorium , constitution hall - night Beethoven 's '' symphony no. 4 '' be play by the national symphony orchestra . in a box , Kay watch in she finest next to she daughter , lally ( 30 ) . the D.C. elite be pack in by the thousand ; tux and studious look on . while Kay watch the player , other sneak a glance at she : the daughter ; matriarch ; widow ; publisher . the attention do not phase Kay - she 's have it all she life . she look up at the presidential box . it 's empty . the symphony finish , the quiet settles and the crowd lift into a roaring applause . Kay snap out of she stare and politely clap as the symphony take a bow . int . o’byrne gallery , constitution hall - later Champagne glass clink , the conductor smile for the camera as he be celebrate by a few partygoer . he laugh , enjoy the praise . he be be watch from outside by - ext . portico , constitution hall - continuous Kay . she hold a untouched glass of champagne , encircle by a group of people . as if they be both protect she and trapping she from get away . she can not tear she eye from the conductor . his seem joie de vivré . alsop ( 0.s. ) Kay ? she snap out of it and look to she friend , joe alsop ( 60 , journalist , effeminate ) , who stare at she . kay yes ? alsop ( light ) now it 's not just my wife , but my close friend who ignore I . 26 . the friend around they laugh , Kay quickly pull she face back on . with they be archie , paul , lally . lally be sociable but do not possess she mother 's innate ability to make everyone she 's speak to feel important . kay ( teasing ) Joe - I could never . I be just so intoxicate by you story I lose myself for a moment . alsop this woman - always with the witty save in she back pocket . kay I keep mine in my purse . laugh abound from the group , they be smitten by she . alsop I be just say how sad it will be to not have the symphony perform here anymore . lally have you see the new pavilion ? alsop only in pass . it will have quite the view . kay this one be not terrible . paul have you hear what they be call it ? alsop ( nodd ) Nixon can not be happy . lally be he ever ? alsop ( chuckle ) touché . kay I be think about he tonight . 27 . they turn to she , she surprised even herself by say that out loud . paul Nixon ? kay no. Kennedy . phil and I - we - use to see he in that box often . I be just think of how empty it 's be since he 's be go . alsop ( sotto ) not a lot of love for the art with this White House . archie I do not know if that 's true . lally I do . alsop ( to lally ) oh , we miss you feistiness around here ! Kay , tell you daughter she must move back here immediately . Kay smile and force a laugh - she 's not go to say that . it 's too personal . lally know this , she cover . lally but if I come back more often the luster will be lose and you ’11l realize I be only my best in short stint of time . alsop that 's what they say about I ! the group laugh , Kay look back to the conductor but , to she disappointment , he 's move on . ext . warsh house , georgetown - same time in a very different part of town , bradlee ring the doorbell of a simple home with music come from within . stand next to he be he wife , tony ( 40s , beautiful but tired ) . his suit be rumple . it 's tense . tony what 's this for ? 28 . bradlee ( distract ) hm ? tony this party - bradlee it 's for warsh . tony I assume - but what for ? bradlee I do not know - he get a award or something . tony you do not know ? bradlee I forget . tony you forget . bradlee ( exasperate ) tony , it 's be a long day . he go to ring the bell again - tony do not . they hear it . he stop . annoy . tony ( cont 'd ) marina get a B on she History exam . bradlee ( absentmindedly ) that 's great . tony she be hope to show you tonight . they have have this fight before . bradlee I promise warsh we would be here . tony for a reason you be not sure of . 29 . bradlee I know the reason I just - tony forget . bradlee can we just get through this and save the banter for home ? you know I can not sleep without the ringing in my ear . the door open and charlotte MARCH ( 40s ) answer . charlotte ( grin ) if it be not my favorite duo . bradlee force a smile , as do tony . int . lounge , warsh house - night the room be fill with around 20 people milling about . bradlee head to a corner where a bartender be make drink and Howard be drink they . bradlee you save some for I ? howard never. ( to bartender ) two. ( to bradlee ) you stag ? bradlee gesture towards tony speak to another wife . she could not be less interested . bradlee she be in a good mood . once . Howard laugh , bradlee get he drink then see something at the door . bradlee ( cont 'd ) Nixon cheer squad have arrive . Howard look as ken ( 40s , lanky and bald ) enter with he wife . bradlee watch , unreadable . howard who 's that ? 30 . bradlee lawyer . Works for the party . have lunch with he a couple week back . spend the entire time talk about Nixon 's new '' drug war '' . howard when have guy like that start keep the secret ? bradlee it 's always guy like that . some of they just dress better than other . ext . portico , constitution hall - later Kay 's thought be elsewhere but she play the part . lally but they have not invite any woman . archie so the woman have decide to boycott ? kay that seem extreme . lally do it ? Kay glance at she contradictory daughter . paul what 's that ? archie the gridiron 's White tie . alsop what 's so wrong with invite the woman in ? kay darling , they be terrify we will spill all of you secret . archie and Paul laugh . lally if they invite you - you would go , would not you ? 31 . Kay be take aback by the question . kay ( icy ) I be not sure I have look very good in a tuxedo . charm , but cut . lally be disappointed by the answer . alsop let 's try it at least ! paul what would you father say ? Kay 's eye shoot to Paul , the tension be immediate . kay Excuse I ? paul you father - what would he say if woman be allow ? Kay watch he for a moment , she stare impenetrable . kay I certainly do not speak for he when he be alive so I do not see a point in break the habit now that he 's dead . Paul realize he misstep , Kay will not let he back down . luckily - scotty ( 0.s. ) Kay ? Kay turn to see scotty reston ( 60 , white - temple ) stand there , a warm smile on he face . the tension break , Paul heave a deep sigh of relief . kay scotty . he kiss she on the cheek . lally give he a hug , clearly they all know each other . kay ( cont 'd ) Joe , you know scotty reston . alsop of course . 32 . they shake hand . archie be not this crossing enemy line ? the Times and Post on the same terrain ? alsop ignore my friend - they live for drama . scotty do not we all . ( to Kay ) can I borrow you for a moment ? kay of course . he take she elbow and gently lead she away from the party . kay ( cont 'd ) be you alright ? be Sally ? scotty yes , yes - nothing like that . he shove he hand in he pocket . clearly nervous . scotty ( cont ’d ) I be not sure if I - I think I should have tell you earlier but , well , I hope you understand why I do not . I be not sure we be go to print until this morning . the lawyer - kay do this have something to do with the call I get from Bob ? scotty ( stunne ) McNamara ? what would he say ? int . warsh house , georgetown - same time Howard and bradlee accept another round from the bartender . bradlee look at he drink , spin it absentmindedly . howard everything ok with you ? you be pretty on today . 33 . bradlee you look for my confession ? howard not drink enough for that . bradlee light a cigarette . a moment pass . bradlee I be just tired of lose . and I be even more tired of weigh everything on whether we lose or not . there use to be a reason for all of this . howard there be . we tell people the truth about thing they do not want to hear . bradlee like every detail of tricia Nixon 's wedding ? c’mon . howard if you think that then what 's the point ? bradlee because I use to be good at get a story . Fighting for it . now I be just ... management . Howard watch he , not know what to say . bradlee ( cont ’d ) you know meyer pass she over for the job once before ? Howard give bradlee a look . bradlee ( cont ’d ) instead of leave she the paper - he leave it to phil . her husband . howard ( whistling ) well that tell you something . bradlee it do . I be just not sure if it say more about he or she . 34 . howard ( quiet ) it say that if you want a good party , you call Kay Graham . a paper run ? there 's a whole list of name that come first . Charlotte warsh approach they . bradlee yea , well , we go through that - they keep die on we . Charlotte tap bradlee on the shoulder . charlotte ( hushed ) Mrs. Graham be on the phone for you . bradlee you be joke . howard speak of the devil and she will - bradlee shoot Howard a look . int . kitchen , warsh house - a moment later bradlee pick up the phone . a shopping list be tape to it . bradlee ( skeptical ) this be bradlee . his expression change upon realize that it 's actually Kay . then turn to anger when he hear what she have to say . int . lobby , constitution hall - a little later Kay hang up the payphone in the empty lobby - the sound of the party wafting in from outside . she stand there for a moment , processing . then straighten she posture , put she face on , and head back towards the music . int . conference room , WASHINGTON post - later meg , bagdikian , and geyelin sit at the table . it 's the middle of the night and they have all be drag out of bed . 35 . geyelin you know what this be about ? meg yea , he ask I here at 2 be then reveal all he hope and dream . geyelin ( quiet ) just ask . bagdikian chuckle . through the glass they see the elevator door open and bradlee storm out . Howard be on he heel . bradlee reach the conference room where a few nearly empty coffee cup sit on a nearby table . bradlee slap they and send they fly into the wall . the trio jump . bagdikian Ben ! what the - bradlee I be get really goddamn tired of find out we be be scoop by the goddamn publisher ! everyone be silence . in the background , gene step of the elevator and see what be happen . bradlee pull out the shopping list - bradlee ( cont ’d ) accord to scotty reston of the New York Times , they have over '' 7000 document detail how the White House have lie about the Vietnam War for the past 30 year . '' geyelin sit back in he seat , gene approach . the night shift in the office gather to see the show . bradlee ( cont ’d ) sheehan 's first article come out Sunday , then they will be do a series about the document every day . they be go after the White House with proof that there be ulterior motive from the beginning for send we guy there . proof that they lie , that they hide it from the public and that they document the whole thing . he let this all settle in . 36 . bradlee ( cont ’d ) they have be go over the material for three month . Three month . and I have to find out from -— geyelin how would - meg go to shush he but it 's too late - bradlee it do not matter how she find out ! she do it before any of you ! gene ( quietly ) ben. bradlee you have get twenty - four hour before the story hit and I have like to have a little more goddman warning of what it 's go to say than what I already have ! gene ( a little forceful ) ben. bradlee what ! after a moment , bradlee take a breath . he look back at the table - the editor look like puppy kick when they be down . bradlee throw the shopping list on the table and storm out . int . phil 's office , graham house - night the light come on , Kay , in she robe , stand in the doorway . it 's not dusty , but feel oddly untouched . she step in , stand across from the large wooden desk . on a bookshelf rest a number of frame photo , phil Graham ( handsome , lanky ) feature in most of they . one show he and Kay on they wedding day - youthful , optimistic , but with Kay still carry a weight on she shoulder . later photo show he with LBJ , Kennedy , they child , she father , bradlee . she linger for a moment . consider . 37 . int . kitchen , graham house - night lally sit at the table , read the article from earlier . Kay step in , lally look up . kay can not sleep ? lally shake she head . Kay see what she be read and frown , move to the stove . kay ( cont 'd ) tea ? lally ok . a moment pass . Kay fill the teapot . kay what time be yann drop katharine off tomorrow ? lally he say 10 . kay and he will not stay ? lally ( warning ) Mom . Kay offer a thin smile and nod , back off . she sit while the water boil . kay ( be : the magazine ) I think I have throw that out . no she do not . lally it 's a ... it 's a good article . the page be open to a photograph of Kay laugh with Truman Capote at the Black & White Ball . a different version of she than the one in the boardroom - glamorous , in she element . lally ( cont 'd ) ( gentle ) I just wish that maybe you would ... take , I do not know , a little more pride in - 38 . kay pride ? I can - lally that 's not the right word . you just - you come across like - I do not know . you be in one of the most powerful position in the country , Mom . and it just seem like ... you do not want it . there 's a lot of people who look up to you . kay I think that 's a bit dramatic . the teapot sing , end the conversation . Kay pour they tea . lally move on . lally so what will happen now ? Kay give she a look . lally ( cont 'd ) with the Times . with what they be printing . kay I be not sure . it 's in Mr. bradlee 's hand at the moment . lally but be not you curious ? kay of course but it 's not my place to interfere . lally do not you get they the story ? kay you do not understand how it work . lally go to speak but realize it 's a moot point . kay ( cont 'd ) you father always seem to have the right answer . ( beat ) at the meeting today . Paul and marvin , well , they feel that the board and the trust should share the same voting power . 39 . lally be take aback . lally that 's crazy . it 's never -— kay it will be fine . I speak with fritz and he 's go to take care of it . I be just ... I be surprised . that 's all . lally ( tread carefully ) do they ever ... suggest anything like this when dad be in charge ? kay no. no. absolutely not . phil would have never stand for it . lally so ... why be you ? Kay stare at she a beat . lally ( cont 'd ) I mean ... I know dad have a different relationship with they - kay yes , of course - lally why would not you just tell they it 's not go to happen ? kay that just would not be appropriate . lally sigh , exasperate . int . bradlee 's office , WASHINGTON post - morning bradlee sit on the phone , same clothes as the night before . Howard across from he . gene walk in . gene anything ? howard nope . he 's on the phone with a kid from we New York office . send they to the hotel . 40 . bradlee ( into phone ) what do you mean you run away ? gene Hotel ? howard the Times have the 11th floor of the Hilton . bradlee ( into phone ) yes . I understand . gene I be sorry ? bradlee hang up . bradlee the New York Times be squatting on the 11th floor of the Hilton with two guard stand watch outside the door . howard what happen ? bradlee we guy get so spook they pretend to be lose and run in the opposite direction . howard what do you mean run ? bradlee I mean when you go from one point to the other and you do not walk . howard what else do they say ? bradlee not a whole lot . we hear anything from the White House ? gene they have be busy all weekend . bradlee give he a look . 41 . howard the wedding . bradlee that fuck wedding . gene all they be say be the document do not come from they . howard which we know be bullshit because the only thing that would make this story stick would be document from the inside . bradlee check he watch . bradlee so it 's 9 be and we have get guard outside a hotel room , the White House deny any knowledge of document that be most likely create inside the White House and ... howard and McNamara 's call . bradlee stare at he . bradlee hm ? howard the call . from McNamara . this stick with bradlee . bagdikian walk in . bradlee you get something ? bagdikian ( shaking he head ) they be not budging . I be try to get a hold of a guy I use to know when I be there . Left a couple month ago and I can not seem to find he . ellsberg . Dan . gene he 's kind of a quack be not he ? 42. howard I remember he - he be down here for awhile work on something . dove real quick . bradlee ( absentmindedl ]ly ) if the leak do not come from the White House , why be McNamara call we ? bradlee stand , move towards the door . bradlee ( cont 'd ) bag - find ellsberg . howard where be you go ? bradlee to talk to Mrs. Graham , because she seem to be the only one who can get any answer . gene she 's not here . bradlee why not ? gene it 's the weekend . bradlee where be she ? gene I do not know . Home ? bradlee walk out . Howard sigh - howard that 's go to go well . ext . backyard , graham house - a little later Kay sit in a adirondack chair next to lally , go over some document . her expression one of concern . the grass be get long and unkempt , rise well above the ankle . play a few yard away be katharine ( 5 , tow -headed ) , Kay 's granddaughter . she run she hand through the grass , which be now itching Kay . the doorbell ring , Kay 's brow furrow . 43 . lally be you expect someone ? kay no. lally I will go check . lally leave . Kay look back to katharine and watch she play in the yard . a look of concern begin to cloud Kay 's face as katharine begin to twirl in the grass . kay katharine , slow down . katharine giggle and start spin faster , she foot pound the ground and she arm out beside she . kay ( cont 'd ) Katherine , I say stop ! katharine do not hear she , she throw she arm above she head and , in one violent leap , lose she balance and crumble to the ground , hide in the tall grass . Kay be up in a instant , rush to she granddaughter . kay ( cont 'd ) katharine ! lally ! lally ! Kay approach , fearful of what she ’1ll find where katharine be once in action . she find katharine on she back , gaze at the sky , a look of fascination on she face . her arm move as if she 's make a '' grass '' angel . in the background , lally run toward they . kay ( cont 'd ) ( panicked ) be you alright ? katharine look . kay you scared I ! I ask you to - katharine ( point ) look ! it 's red ! Kay look up to the sky and see the rise moon be a deep red . Kay seem to get momentarily lose in the sight of it . 44 , katharine ( cont ’d ) be not it pretty ? Kay look from the sky to she granddaughter and back again , surprised at the natural wonder of the child . she 's unaccustom to such unhinder joy and curiosity - something she 's always keep at bay . kay ( quiet ) it 's beautiful . lally ( confuse ) what ? what be it ? Kay snap out of the daze . kay oh . it be nothing . lally nothing ? kay yes . I be sorry , I - she look to the back door and see bradlee stand there . lally he say he need to ask you something . int . kitchen , graham house - moment later Kay hand bradlee some water . they can see lally and katharine play out the window . kay this be very inappropriate . bradlee well , I be here . so ... be that you granddaughter ? kay yes . what do you want to ask I ? no small talk be fine with he . bradlee do you have any idea why McNamara call you ? 45 . kay he 's a old friend . bradlee yes . kay he trust I . bradlee yes . he wait for more , she do not give it . kay maybe I do not understand the question . bradlee we be still piece together what it be exactly that the Times be printing . we be not go to get they source in time - kay why not ? he 's a bit take aback . he steam . bradlee because find a source be like find a - kay I do not need a metaphor , Mr. bradlee . bradlee well it 's extraordinarily difficult , Mrs. Graham . I have not be a writer in a while so the haystack comparison be really the only one I can come up with right now . kay alright . bradlee but if you could get McNamara to talk to we , well , that would be helpful and - 46 . kay ( confuse ) talk to you ? about what ? bradlee about whatever it be that the Times be printing . kay what make you -— bradlee ( exasperate ) Mrs. Graham , the former Secretary of Defense call you because he know what 's in that article . he know what 's in that document . which mean he either write they or organize they or find they . I honestly do not care which one because he 's one of two people we know of who can tell I about it and the only one whose name I have . she purse she lip . kay well , I be sorry , Mr. bradlee but you will have to find another way . bradlee ( stunne ) Excuse I ? kay Bob McNamara be a old friend who speak to I in confidence . not as a source . not as a subject . bradlee he speak to you because you be the publisher of a newspaper and he be hope you have bail he out . kay bradlee ( heat ) he speak to you because he be hope to get you on he side and banking on the fact that I would not notice . 47 . kay Mr. bradlee . bradlee I do not know if I can articulate just how important it be that we get - kay you have , but my answer be no . I will not exploit a friendship of over twenty year for - bradlee unfortunately that 's the position that you be in . we exploit friendship and acquaintance and source to find the information we need because the end be better than the mean . kay I be not a journalist , Mr. bradlee . and I be not go to change my mind . bradlee grit he jaw , think for a moment . bradlee be you try to tell I I should not go after this story ? kay that 's not what I - bradlee because I will just walk out of the bullpen right now if that 's how it 's go to be . she 's take aback by he ferocity . bradlee ( cont ’d ) I need to know that you be go to print this document if we get they . a moment pass . kay ( firm ) I absolutely will not guarantee that , Mr. bradlee . ( more ) 48 . kay ( cont 'd ) I have no idea what be in they , who it might expose , what relationship it could damage if we - bradlee Relationships . he shake he head and rise . bradlee ( cont ’d ) when we fail , this will be on you . thank you for the water , I 'il see myself out . he exit , leave Kay stunne . she look out the window and see katharine twirling in the grass , smile up at the sky . ext . various , WASHINGTON , d.c . - night the lincoln monument . the Capitol . the White House . a few protester linger around . int . bullpen , WASHINGTON post - late night bagdikian 's desk be empty . in the background , he wait for the coffee to percolate . he have not sleep or leave the office in over a day . there be other people , in other cubicle , who have be do the exact same thing . his phone ring . he do not hear it at first . finally , he run over and grab it - bagdikian bagdikian . his mood change . bagdikian ( cont ’d ) who be this ? he seem satisfied with the answer and grab a pen , write as he nod he head . bagdikian ( cont ’d ) sure , yes - I have get it . he hang up , grab he jacket , and take off . ext . bradlee house - dawn bradlee stand on he front porch in he robe , watch as two truck make they morning delivery : one for the Times and one for the post. 49 . he smoke a cigarette and wait for they to drive off . then , he carefully walk across he neighbor 's yard where a Times paper have be drop off . check to make sure no one see he , he grab the paper and run back to he porch . he open to the front page and read , '' pentagon study trace 3 decade of growing U.S. involvement '' . he frown . int . boardroom , WASHINGTON post - day the same boardmembers sit at the table . ignatius have a copy of the Times next to he . the tension be palpable . fritz and Kay listen while ignatius speak . ignatius I think it 's clear , after the event of this weekend , that I be correct in suggest we rethink the voting percentage . fritz how do you mean ? ignatius Excuse I ? fritz what do this weekend have to do with that ? ignatius the failure of the Washington Post to properly investigate and report on a story that the New York Times have dedicated the better half of this year to . fritz have you read the Times 's article ? ignatius of course . fritz so you will agree , it 's damn . ignatius damn ? fritz to the White House . ignatius well , it 's - 50 . fritz and this morning the White House file a injunction against the Times . it be approve a hour ago . marvin what ? fritz a restrain order . the Times be prohibit from printing anymore of the document until there be a hearing . Kay smile , let fritz fight for she . fritz ( cont 'd ) so I be just confuse - do you want we to embarrass the White House or stand with they ? ignatius stutter . int . hallway , WASHINGTON post - a little later Kay and fritz approach she office . fritz that 's not go to hold he back - he 'il figure out another way to discredit you in front of the board . kay can he really take away my voting rights ? fritz ( hesitate ) technically no . but he can call a vote to have you remove and that will put into question the - kay ( stunne ) remove ? fritz I be afraid so . kay but - 51 . fritz do not worry , if phil be not boot off , you have nothing to worry about . she nod she head - unsure . a moment pass . fritz ( cont 'd ) you read the article ? kay ( solemn ) of course . fritz ( be : the papers ) horrible . the audacity of - I wish I be more surprised . he expect she to respond in unison , but she do not . fritz ( cont 'd ) do you think bradlee will go after the document ? kay it seem that way . fritz we can not get pull into some kind of legal battle over this , Kay . not now . it could jeopardize - kay ( load ) I do not think it will come to that . fritz let 's hope not . he move off , she 's more concerned now than ever . she approach Liz 's desk , there be a stack of letter . liz ( gentle ) more of the letter come in today . Kay furrow she brow and see a return address on one of the envelope read : '' equal pay for women '' . Kay extend she hand . kay I will take they . 52 . liz be you sure ? they be not - kay yes . Liz hand she the pile and Kay head into she office . int . bullpen , WASHINGTON post - day bradlee and a few staffer watch a news broadcast on tv . anchor ( on tv ) outrage continue today regard the New York Times 's publishing of what have be dub the '' Pentagon paper '' . while march have be steadily occur in Washington since earlier this year , today see more pop up in both New York and Boston ... bradlee walk off , shaking he head in annoyance . int . bradlee 's office , WASHINGTON post - moment later bradlee sit in he chair and look down at a Post story in front of he . he read . bradlee '' as report by the New York Times . '' he sigh and throw a pen at the wall . frustrate . angry . there be lot of other little dent in the wall from pen that have be throw there before . he stare out at the bullpen , mull over the next move . the elevator door open and bagdikian speed out . bradlee watch he as he awkwardly hurry into he office . bradlee ( cont ’d ) bag , what the hell be you do ? bagdikian I need to go to Boston . bradlee Boston ? bagdikian I gotta talk to a guy . 53. bradlee smile and close he office door . bradlee you find ellsberg ? bagdikian he find I . or , someone we know - it 's not important . bradlee be he the Times 's source ? do he still have the document ? bagdikian I need to go to Boston . bradlee alright . ( beat ) you be still stand here . bagdikian he 's not go to give I the document unless I promise we will print they . bradlee we do not know what they say yet . bagdikian still . I x11 have to say something . bradlee think a moment . bradlee if what 's in this document be as good as we think , you can tell he that if we do not print , there 'il be a new executive editor at the Washington Post . bagdikian ( take aback ) you sure ? bradlee go. bagdikian nod and leave . after a moment - bradlee ( cont ’d ) ( yell ) Howard ! meg ! get in here ! 54 . int . taxi , boston - dusk bagdikian rub he eye , the Boston skyline loom ahead , road nearly empty . they pause at a stop sign by the river . the taxi driver point at a desert intersection with a payphone . taxi driver you sure you want to go up there ? bagdikian look up at the street sign , they coincide with what he have write down . ext . intersection , boston - moment later bagdikian grab he bag and shut the taxi door . he wait for the car to leave , then head to the payphone . he dial . bagdikian ( into receiver ) it 's bagdikian . yes , I be at the corner . whatever be say do not please bagdikian . bagdikian ( cont ’d ) what the hell do you mean walk to - I just let the cab go ! Fine , fine . i’1l be there soon . he slam the phone down on the receiver . then one more time to do it right . he start to walk down the path of the river . ext . convenience store , boston - a little later bagdikian stand at another payphone , get more instruction . he hang up and turn in yet another direction . ext . motel , outside of boston - night it 's dark now . a taxi pull up outside a run down , out - of - the - way motel . bagdikian climb out and look around . he go to one of the room and knock . the curtain move to the side but he can not make anyone out . the door open and daniel ellsberg ( 40s , big eyebrow ) stand there , a apologetic smile on he face . ellsberg ben. 55 . bagdikian ( a sigh of relief ) dan. ellsberg come in . bagdikian do . ellsberg look around a moment before shutting the door behind he . int . bradlee 's office , WASHINGTON post - night bradlee sit as he desk read . his hand toy with he unkempt hair while he note a few thing . there be a knock on the door . he look up , surprised to see Kay stand there . his mood be icy . bradlee Mrs. Graham ? kay my secretary give I you note . she hold a slip in she hand . bradlee you do not need to come down . I just want to let you know where we stand . she nod she head once , consider . kay May I come in ? he gesture to the chair in front of he . she sit and take in the sight of the office - she have not be in here since he take the job . he know this . kay ( cont 'd ) Mr. bagdikian be on he way to Boston ? bradlee should be there by now . kay who be he meeting with ? beat . bradlee I be not go to tell you that . she nod - understanding the protection of a source . kay you think he ’1ll be able to retrieve the document ? bradlee ( load ) I hope so . kay that 's quite a coup . bradlee we have get good reporter . she purse she lip . kay you be go to stay until you hear from he ? bradlee it ' will be awhile . kay you wife do not mind you stay so late ? bradlee she mind . but here I be . kay and you child ? he look at he watch - bradlee Long asleep by now . or should be . kay should be and will be be always difficult with child . bradlee truer a statement have never be make . 56 . she look around , note the minimal personal touch . only a few photo : one of JFK and bradlee laugh , bradlee and phil Graham , and one of bradlee and a young man ( 20 ) in a Army uniform . 57 . kay I have not be in here since Russ leave . bradlee nod - he know . kay ( cont 'd ) you son ? he follow she gaze to the photo behind he . he nod . beat . bradlee from my first marriage . kay volunteer ? bradlee could not stop he . kay mine too. ( careful ) he 's , well , he 's home ? bradlee sort of . peace Corps . kay mine too . well , not the peace Corps . but home . bradlee what be you do here , Mrs. Graham ? kay I think that we should get to know each other a little better . bradlee I know you . kay as phil 's wife . a awkward tension enter the room . a moment pass . kay ( cont 'd ) do you find that difficult ? 58 . bradlee Excuse I ? she point to a photo of bradlee and JFK . kay be close with the President . be a journalist and he friend . bradlee only when someone point it out . kay phil never feel ... awkward about it . he like be able to call the President and for he to answer . bradlee a lot of thing be different back then . beat . Kay 's eye stay with the photo , bradlee 's on she . beat . kay I think my father find personal effect to be distracting , too . bradlee I have some . kay most people have thing on they desk though , do not they ? your seem to be watch over you . bradlee I have never think about it . kay of course you have . bradlee there be a lot of reporter on my staff who do not ask this many question . kay I want to be one once , a long time ago . bradlee on my staff ? 59 . she 's annoyed by he snark . he force a smile then reach into he desk and pull out a bottle of scotch and a glass . he pour - bradlee ( cont ’d ) if we be go to do this . he offer she the glass , after a beat she take it . he finish he coffee then refill it with liquor . int . motel , outside of boston - same time bagdikian sit at a ratty table , ellsberg opposite he , coffee in front of they both . bagdikian see a box in the corner fill with papers . ellsberg sorry about the rigmarole get here . bagdikian a lot of guy look for you . a moment pass . ellsberg how would you figure it be I ? bagdikian sounded like something a crazy guy would do . he 's half -jok . ellsberg laugh . bagdikian ( cont ’d ) I poke around at rand . they get nervous when I mention you name . ellsberg what do you know ? bagdikian the basic . you be part of a team set up at the dod to gather information on Vietnam . ellsberg ( almost wistful ) McNamara would say '' let the chip fall where they may '' . he want scholar to have the opportunity to examine Vietnam policy - all angle . I love it . ( more ) ellsberg ( cont 'd ) I love the guy - the work . we have access to everything . I mean , how often do that happen , you know ? bagdikian ( tread lightly ) but . ellsberg ( shrugging ) what else ... '' but '' we find something . bagdikian hold he breath . ellsberg light a cigarette , he hand shake . ellsberg ( cont ’d ) none of it be ever about help Vietnam . bagdikian what be it about ? ellsberg what 's it always about ? self - interest . expansion . make sure we have the final say . bagdikian but how - ellsberg it be we . from the beginning : covert ops , rig election , guarantee debt . it 's all in there memo , study , cable . since the 40s they have be do this . the CIA , NSA , dod ... the White house. 80 % of it be classified . they know all along that we be send man boy - not to fight , but to die . the know because they start it all . and they plan it from the start . then they know that we be go to lose . but they keep send that boy over anyway . the truth hang between they for a moment . bagdikian if there 's nothing in there about Nixon - why do he care ? he must love how it make the Democrats - 61 . ellsberg you think Nixon want you guy to be able to start publishing material like this ? Nixon may not be in this , but I guarantee he 's get something in a drawer he do not want anyone to find . int . bradlee 's office , WASHINGTON post Kay look at she drink , swirl it around a bit . bradlee watch she , arm cross . unreadable . bradlee have you think about it ? kay about ? bradlee if you be go to let we print this or not . she hesitates . beat . kay I do not know that it 's worth the risk . bradlee you know what I think ? she purse she lip - this should be good . beat . bradlee ( cont ’d ) I think you want to help . I think you be hide behind you title because you be afraid of make the wrong move when we both know you have spend just as much time in a office like this as anybody . kay you do not like I very much , do you ? bradlee I - do not think my opinion matter - 62. kay unfortunately , it do to I . bradlee why do it matter ? I be - kay call it a woman 's problem . bradlee ( scowling ) do not do that . do not bring up the woman thing again . kay I be one . bradlee yes . but that do not mean you need to act how a woman think a man think a woman should act like . kay not the interview again . bradlee I just do not understand it . you be run this massive company . all this responsibility on you and ... I mean - it 's not 1952 and you be not run around get the old boy they coffee . kay yet you think it 's appropriate to yell at I about how to do my job . bradlee yes ! because you be not do it ! kay would you speak to phil that way ? bradlee I be never in charge of phil 's - kay if you have be . bradlee supposition do not suit anyone . kay Mr. bradlee - 63. bradlee ( annoyed , heat ) no ! I would not have to yell at phil about that ! I would have have to about a dozen other thing but not that . because he would have make the call before I even walk in the door . this be he paper . phil know that . and he know that he influence , he opinion , matter . it be the opinion of the Washington Post . and you , Mrs. Graham , you opinion , for better or worse , be the opinion of the Washington Post ! if you do not believe you should be run it , why the hell should I ? Kay look at she glass , the honesty hit they both . he 's a little embarrassed by he outburst . the moment hang there . kay what you do not seem to understand be that it 's not about what I want . it 's never be about that . it 's about what be right for the paper . that 's what come first . ( beat ) that 's what have always come first . bradlee but can not you - kay I have be get some of that letter , too . ( beat ) everyone seem to have a opinion on how I be suppose to behave . you . the board . my daughter . I walk around like my father , they have call I a narcissist . if I behave like phil they have have I commit much - bradlee well - kay - faster than he be . I be leave with no real option except to let all of this keep spin while I try to make sure it do not slip off its axis . this hit the phone 64 . bradlee it be slip . you be just too busy try to keep up appearance that you have not notice . she hard . she process . bradlee ( cont ’d ) I think you want to help . but , that 's what everyone say . ring , startling they both . bradlee pick it up . bradlee ( cont 'd ) bag ? ( listen ) great . we will see you in a few hour . he hang up . she nod he nod . she nod bradlee ( cont ’d ) he 's get the document . he 's head back now . and rise to leave . kay you will keep I inform ? bradlee of course . kay I be throw Harry gladstein a retirement party tomorrow night . if I cancel , people will know something be go on . she stop at the door . kay ( cont 'd ) do you think phil would print they ? bradlee ( sigh ) I can not answer that . once . kay have a good night , Mr. bradlee . 65 . bradlee good night , Mrs. Graham . she leave . he stare at she empty glass for a moment . ext . bradlee house - morning it 's early , the morning light casting a beautiful glow on the semi-suburban neighborhood . a few extra car be park in the driveway and marina bradlee ( 11 ) sit at a table sell lemonade . trudge along from afar be bagdikian , the box of papers weigh heavily in he arm . he look awful . marina lemonade ? he do not respond or stop ; a man on a mission . int . kitchen , bradlee house - same time meg , Howard , and geyelin all crowd around the kitchen . tony try to make coffee as quickly as possible but the reporter keep gulp it down . bradlee hang up the phone . bradlee the Times be go to lose they appeal . the mood in the room fall a bit . int . live room , bradlee house - continuous the front door open and close , the reporter peek they head around the corner as bagdikian walk in . he drop the box on the ground then go to the live room and lie on the couch . it 's a feed frenzy , they grab handfuls of paper and start to read . bradlee approach bagdikian . bradlee you ok , bag ? bagdikian ( eye close ) yea . I just - need a minute . bradlee smile and smack he on the shoulder . meg go through some page - meg wait - be ... this in order ? 66 . howard do not look like it - meg bag , do you see if they be organize in some - bagdikian this be how they come to I . meg it 's more than ... she look to geyelin who , in turn , look to bradlee . geyelin we can not sort through this much stuff in time to - bradlee 's expression quiet he . howard the Times have three month , we - bradlee ( check he watch ) have nine hour . the editor stare at he . they do not move . meg I think ... it 's ... it might be - geyelin it 's a tall order . in the background , marina approach bagdikian with a cup of lemonade . he smile and reach for it , she pull back . marina 10 cent . he scowl but reach into he pocket , she grin . bradlee what ? marina glance at she father - she 's hear that tone before . this be about to get bad . she go to get more lemonade . geyelin I just - 67 . bradlee what do that mean '' it 's a tall order '' . meg he 's say - bradlee he 's say it 's not worth it . it 's too hard . why even bother - the Times have do it already . they have get everyone talk so why waste we time . howard that 's not - bradlee that 's exactly what he 's say ! the room be quiet . bradlee ( cont ’d ) for the last six month , hell , for the last two year , we have be take what they give we and now , when we have something and we can do something about it - no . no . we do not want to do that . ( beat ) because it 's a tall order . ( beat ) I can not be the only one who care about this . because if that happen I get mad and every else get fire and we be all screw in the end . he go to the box and grab a stack of papers then sit and begin to sort through they . after a moment , the rest of the team do so as well . int . restaurant , georgetown - same time Kay walk in , look around for someone . she spot ROBERT mcnamara ( 5as ) sit at a table by himself , read the paper , eat breakfast . she approach . he look up , surprised , then instantly know why she 's there . mcnamara hello Kay . kay hello Bob . she take beat . 68 . mcnamara ( resign ) please . sit. the seat across from he . after a moment . kay be you alright ? mcnamara I have have article write about I before . kay not like this . mcnamara no . not like this . kay Bob - mcnamara do you know what I do at Ford ? kay ( puzzle ) you be the President , I assume you - mcnamara all anyone care about be sell car . all that matter be how they look , how they sound , how they feel . no one see a car like I see it - like a weapon . she 's listen but - where 's this go ? mcnamara ( cont 'd ) I want they to put in seat belt . but they say , '' well , if you put the seat belt in there , all anyone 's think about be they kid 's head go through the windshield . '' it do not matter that I have mountain of research to prove otherwise . eventually I get they to put it in as a option . kay bob. 69 . mcnamara I think '' at least I get they to do that much . '' my conscience could be clear . for the most part . of course , it do not matter . kay Bob . mcnamara the second I leave for Washington they take the seat belt away . people keep die . but - they keep sell car . ( beat ) and they sure look pretty . kay Bob , why do you call I ? beat . mcnamara I guess I be try to give you a seat belt . int . live room , bradlee house - a little later the journalist have split the pile into different section . meg and geyelin be on the floor , sorting thing while Howard read the organize material . the room be tense . quiet . geyelin Jesus Christ . he and meg exchange a look fill with anger ... sadness . meg the whole time ... when Johnson be run and ... he be ... she look up at Howard . meg ( cont 'd ) he have send the boy over there already . he be act like it have never happen but ... he have already do it . Howard watch she , sad . it all sink in . 70 . int . kitchen , bradlee house - continuous bradlee sit at the table , phone to ear , head in hand . the cord be stretch inconveniently across the room so if anyone want to walk in , they have to duck . tony make sandwich . bradlee I be still on hold . tony on hold with who ? bradlee huh ? tony who be you on hold with ? bradlee the lawyer . supposedly . though at this point they could have transfer I to the guam embassy and I would not know . tony you do that all the time . bradlee call guam ? tony say something without know that I be here . Howard poke he head in , get bradlee 's attention . bradlee yea ? howard ( hushed ) some of this stuff . it 's ... it 's heavy . even just go through it . I be wonder if we could get Mrs. Graham to come and take a look . tell we if - bradlee that 's not she job , Howard . howard ( annoyed ) then what be ? because we be sit here go through all of - 71 . bradlee ( firm ) go back to work . after a moment , Howard do . bradlee watch he go . tony turn to he . tony there 's a embassy for guam ? bradlee of course , there 's a embassy for -— ( into receiver ) yes ! yes . this be ben. bradlee . of the Washington . Post . I be try to get - he 's clearly put on hold again . he slap he hand on the table four time - each one harder than the last . tony it might help if you be more condescending . why do not you just call Mrs. Graham ? bradlee hm ? tony Jesus -— bradlee I be teasing that time . I can tease . no he can not . bradlee ( cont ’d ) because if I call Mrs. Graham without know what the lawyer be go to say then the first thing she 's go to do be call the lawyer and I x11 be on hold with both of they . at least this one cut out the middle man . tony except you be still on hold . he glance over at she . bradlee what be you do back there ? 72 . tony make sandwich . bradlee for who ? she stare at he and shake she head . she put the sandwich on a platter and walk out , ducking under the cord . the front door open - bradlee turn . he see roger clark ( late 30 ) , ANTHONY essaye ( 40s ) , and a few other lawyer arrive . clark Mr. bradlee ? bradlee who be you ? clark we be from royall , koegell , & Wells . koegell be pronounce '' kegel '' . howard ( to meg be : koegell ) what have he say ? she would roll she eye but she 's too tired . bradlee the lawyer ? clark that 's right . bradlee ( irritate ) who the hell be I on hold to talk to then ? clark probably I . bradlee slam the phone down and walk to they - int . live room , bradlee house - continuous bradlee you firm need to work on its communication skill . 73 . clark we will get right on that . he extend he hand - clark ( cont 'd ) Roger Clark . bradlee shake it , briefly , and walk towards the back . bradlee ok . follow I . meg Ben - I think we need to get a writer over here . we be go to need to get someone - bradlee call Chalmers . meg he 's ... not go to be happy about that . bradlee call he ! bradlee kick the couch , waking a sleep bagdikian . bradlee ( cont ’d ) bag - with I . he turn and head into another room . bagdikian , Clark , and assaye follow behind . the remainder stare at each other . int . restaurant , georgetown - same time a empty tea cup sit in front of Kay , a silent tension rest between the old friend . kay we have the papers . mcnamara you should not be tell I that . kay you should not have call . he nod , concede . 74 . kay ( cont 'd ) I have not decide what we be go to do with they yet . mcnamara I be not sure I be the one to help you decide . kay that 's not ... I just want to - her mask begin slip , why be she there ? kay ( cont 'd ) I guess I think if I hear from you what they be ... why ... it might make it easier ... or. I do not know . mcnamara ( shaking he head ) it 's not go to be easy . kay I keep hope . beat . kay ( cont 'd ) can I ask you - we have be friend a long time . mcnamara yes . she steel herself to ask this tough question . kay well , I just ... you know Don be volunteering for the Army . why - how - how could you not tell I ? or phil ? how could you just let he ... with everything that you know ... ? McNamara 's eye be on the table , unmove . she 's well compose , not overtly emotional . she just want a answer . kay ( cont 'd ) I suppose you could not have tell I but , I can not help think ... Kay watch he , see that she 's upset he . 75 . kay ( cont 'd ) it 's alright . nevermind . he 's home - we do not have to - mcnamara no. I - I just wish I could tell you that I ... he trail off . mcnamara ( cont 'd ) we make mistake . all of we . it do not excuse - nothing could but ... well . he take a moment , gather he thought . mcnamara ( cont 'd ) maybe we do the right thing . maybe we do not . who know . maybe it 's you job , the job of the press to ... I do not know . keep we all honest ? I be not so sure if people should know everything . but I ... I be not sure anyone have a right to make that decision for they . she think . kay ( soft ) I be not sure I can . mcnamara can or not , I think you be go to have to decide one way or the other . she nod . still so unsure . int . live room , bradlee house - a little later meg , geyelin and the lawyer continue to sift through the document in a tense peace . New at the table be chalmer robert ( 60 , big ear , Chief diplomatic correspondent ) . the voice in the library can be faintly hear . chalmer ( annoyed ) you guy could not have call I any earlier ? 76 . meg we just get the papers , chal . chalmer mmhm he read , shaking he head at what he 's read . meg why would the director of the CIA send a memo on war policy ? geyelin because they be not call it a war yet . meg but they be bombing - chalmer ( to himself ) I be suppose to retire on Friday . howard good luck with that . the front door open and fritz walk in . he look to the table of weary Post employee . fritz good evening . howard Mr. beebe , they be -— bradlee ( 0.s. ) and that be why you 're the goddamn lawyer and i'm the editor with he dick in a vise . Howard and meg wince , Chalmers chuckle . fritz ( force a smile ) I think I 'il find my way . int . library , bradlee house - moment later bradlee pace , bagdikian have a fresh drink . clark look , I understand that you be worried about - 77 . bradlee no you do not . clark - the exposure and the perception of the paper - bradlee that 's exactly what - there 's a knock on the door . bradlee ( cont 'd ) what ! fritz enter — fritz I hate to barge in . Clark stand and shake fritz 's hand . clark Mr. beebe , we be try to explain . fritz walk over to bradlee and shake he hand . fritz you look terrible . bradlee that 's what I be go for . fritz ( to bagdikian ) you alright ? bagdikian shrug . bradlee he 's fine . bradlee 's hackles be up - with fritz here he know there 's no more mess around . fritz take a seat . fritz you want to catch I up , Ben ? bradlee sure . they say we can not , I say we can . you be catch up . 78 . fritz ( to Clark ) go ahead . clark ignoring the fact that the document could be represent as steal property and therefore - bradlee we do not steal anything . clark but they be - bradlee not by - clark regardless of that . and forget that we do not know what be go to happen with the Times case - bradlee what 's go to happen be - fritz put up he hand for a second , bradlee stop . clark as I say . forgetting all of that . we simply do not have the time to vet this document . the majority of what we be deal with be classified information and we do not know what 's in they . I do not understand why it be not the most prudent to simply wait and ask - bradlee ( burst ) because we lose ! fritz look at he , the lawyer watch . bradlee ( cont ’d ) why can not we wait ? because we have already wait three month and four day longer than we should have . we have get egg on we face and unless we publish this document right now we might as well be some shitty , one stoplight , no radio town , single edition paper . ( beat ) ( more ) 79 . bradlee ( cont 'd ) we be the Washington Post . we be not anyone 's runner- up . fritz think a moment . fritz ( to bradlee ) the Post be go public next week . bagdikian look up - surprised . bradlee be disappointed . fritz ( cont 'd ) we ipo be contingent on a series of step and marker that will ensure to the - bradlee how 's it go to look when the biggest property in the company go down because they do not have the ball to stand up with the Times . fritz it 's not always about win , Ben . bradlee ( indignant ) yes , it be ! with this ? it be entirely about win . I do not care what 's in that papers and I do not care who we make look bad ! we be printing they and - fritz that 's not you decision . a tense beat . bradlee hate that fritz be right . assaye I have a idea . bradlee oh , goodie . assaye what if we wait . hold off on printing today - bradlee start to interject , assaye speak over he - 80 . assaye ( cont ’d ) and , instead , we call the Attorney General and tell they that we intend to print the papers on Sunday . that way we give they , and ourselves , time to figure out the legality of it all . let the court decide what will happen with the Times . just - give ourselves some breathe room . bagdikian , fritz , and bradlee stare at he . Clark keep he head down . a long moment pass . bradlee ( sotto ) you want to ... tell the Attorney General that we ... have this document and be go to print they . in a few day . assaye ( less sure ) yes . bradlee look back at bagdikian , then fritz . bradlee that 's the shittiest idea I have ever hear . fritz Ben - bradlee walk towards the door . bradlee you know what ? hang on , let I go talk to my eleven - year - old and see if she have a better plan . he leave , slamm the door behind he . int . kay' dressing room , graham house - night Kay sit at the vanity , clipping large pearl to she ear . Music can be hear from downstairs , the party wind up . Kay be the consummate hostess and tonight will be no different . but she mind be elsewhere . 81 . int . phil 's office , graham house - moment later Kay stand in the doorway , she hand on the light switch . after a moment , she turn the light off and close the door . int . various , graham house - moment later Kay greet various guest while waiter distribute small bite , a glass of champagne in everyone 's hand . Kay tease and laugh , she best party face on . every now and then she flick she eye to the telephone - wait . ignatius ( 0.s. ) have a nice time ? ignatius stand there , martini in hand . Kay force a smile . kay bittersweet . ignatius why 's that ? kay retirement party tend to be tinged with it . ignatius oh , be that what this be ? kay do you not see it on the invitation ? ignatius I be not sure I receive one . Kay absorb the jab , force that smile again . she make a move to leave , he subtly cut she off . entertain he be not a task she need right now . ignatius ( cont ’d ) I hope you be not offended by what I say in the board room . kay ( tense ) offended be not the word I have use . ignatius however you might feel , I hope you know - I have always be impressed by you . 82 . kay Excuse I ? ignatius ( genuine , condescending ) surprise as it may seem to hear it . the way you stand by phil during everything . even when he , well , I guess there 's no need to walk on a dead man 's name . be he serious ? ignatius ( cont ’d ) I never meet he , you know , but I always though we have get along . and the way you handle yourself during he - situation - with such ... style . however all of this work out - I want you to know that I have the best intention towards - kay ( irate but calm ) Mr. ignatius , this really be not the time or place for the type of conversation you be wading into . but I can assure you , I be well aware of you intention - good or otherwise . ( beat ) enjoy the party . she walk away , leave ignatius take aback . Kay fume . ext . back deck , bradlee house - same time bradlee sit and watch marina and a friend ( 10 ) play in the backyard . he watch but he 's not really there . a coffee mug be place in front he , he look up and see tony . tony look like you need a pick - I - up . he nod and accept it , she sit next to he . bradlee you give it the good stuff ? tony the staff drank we out of everything . 83 . bradlee could have guess that . tony but you daughter make a kill with she lemonade business . bradlee smile . tony watch he . as much as she do not want to sometimes - she care about this guy . tony ( cont 'd ) what 's go on ? bradlee ( shaking he head ) they be idiot . all they can see be dollar sign vanish in front of they . tony have you try to convince - bradlee of course I have . tony you sure ? all I hear be a lot of '' I '' and '' the paper '' and — bradlee ( scowling ) tony - tony do you try and tell they what the point of it all be ? bradlee the point of it ? she shake she head . tony i’1ll never understand how you convinced people you be so perceptive . bradlee what do you - tony do you even read - 84 . but they be interrupt with bagdikian walk out - he look panicked . bagdikian Ben ? beebe - fritz - he just leave . bradlee what ? where have he - bagdikian to the Graham house . bradlee grit he jaw , run into the house . bradlee sonofabitch . bagdikian but I have to tell you - bradlee do not hear anything - he rage overwhelming . tony just watch he go . as she always do . int . kitchen , bradlee house - continuous bradlee storm in and grab the phone . he dial . the remain editor and lawyer keep they head down in the live room , try to power through . bagdikian Ben . bradlee raise he hand . the phone ring . bagdikian ( cont ’d ) he go to tell she we can not publish . bradlee no shit . bagdikian ( hushed ) no , Ben . it 's because of ellsberg . bradlee nobody 's answer . what be you talk about ? bagdikian he want to know if we have the same source as the Times and - 85 . bradlee ( into phone ) yes , this be Ben bradlee , I be look for - bagdikian he say - bradlee ( grow frustrated ) I understand that it 's a party , but I promise that she - bagdikian ( shouting ) he say we can be charge with conspiracy to commit treason ! that get the attention of everyone . geyelin rise from he chair , the lawyer survey the room . bradlee what ? bagdikian they could argue that we know that because it 's the same source as the Times , we know we be get steal document . I - I do not know . I have one too many to catch it all - bradlee shit . he hang up the phone and grab he key . howard ( sotto ) she 's probably too busy rub elbow to even know what 's go on . bradlee stop and grit he jaw . bradlee enough ! the volume startles everyone , tony poke she head in from outside . howard Ben , it be just - 86 . bradlee no ! I have hear - you have no idea what that woman be deal with ! what she 's be through ! the pressure that we - you should just - he stop himself , get blank stare . he shake he head . bradlee ( cont 'd ) you should just be ... better . he walk out , he staff leave both confuse and hang they head . int . graham house - moment later the honoree ( 60 ) speak to the crowd , Kay stand to the side , smile . honoree many of you be too young to remember Mr. meyer so , I 'il just leave you with this . remember that this ... this be a man 's life . this paper . and he do it all for the public . for the reader . he never want anything in return , I mean , he sink so much money into it that early year , you have a think he be try to marry it . laugh abound . Kay digest this word . fritz walk in and make eye contact with Kay . she 's slightly concerned by he arrival . ignatius spot he , too . honoree ( cont 'd ) but he believe it be he duty , he public service , to put out the paper every day . give people a chance to read the news . bradlee run in . a few guest notice , shoot he wary look . bradlee pants , bead of sweat roll down he temple . he spot fritz and approach he . bradlee you be not talk to she without I . fritz Ben - 87 . ignatius approach - ignatius Mr. bradlee - be you ... alright ? bradlee ( panting ) I have to run . who be you ? ignatius go to speak but Kay approach , interrupt they . she give bradlee a once over . kay if we could take this outside . they follow she , include ignatius , which surprise both fritz and bradlee . ext . backyard , graham house - moment later bradlee , fritz , and ignatius fight it out . Kay sit nearby , listen and seemingly ignore by the three man . she take it all in . fritz it 's not just that the offer can be suspend , but also the government might have just cause to seek a criminal indictment . bradlee do not be dramatic . ignatius what ? fritz a felon may not hold a broadcast license , which mean they will seize all of we broadcast property . without that revenue , we will be force to sell . if they win , and we be convict , then the Washington Post company will cease to exist . bradlee if we be live in a world where the government can tell you what to print and broadcast then that license do not mean shit any way . 88 . fritz that 's just - ignatius how be this even a debate ? we can not possibly risk - bradlee if we do not publish , we will be out of business soon enough as it be ! ignatius how - bradlee because the New York Times will win ! maybe not tomorrow , or next week , but gradually people will stop think the Post have a leg to stand on . fritz Ben , I understand that this might be difficult to understand - bradlee you patronize tone aside , this be not - ignatius this be about you ego ? Mr. bradlee , I truly do not - bradlee try to ignore ignatius but it 's difficult . bradlee look . I understand that the public offer be important . I understand that be convict felon be not high on everyone 's list . but in this case it 's better than failure ! ignatius you and I have very differ opinion on failure . bradlee ( finally ) I be not talk to you ! ignatius be take aback . he hate reporter . fritz there will be other fight . other - 89 . bradlee you want to talk about a court battle ? if they start fight back with freedom of the press - which they absolutely will - and it come out that we have this document and do not publish they or stand with the Times - at best we 'il look like we be scared . at worst it will seem like the government be tell we what we can and can not print ! fritz publish this document could destroy this paper . bradlee there 's more than one way to do that and you be just let they have it ! we be not even go to push back a little ? what be you so scared of ? fritz it 's my job to - bradlee it 's not you job ! it 's hers ! he point to Kay . they all look to she , she seem tiny compare to the three of they . they wait for she to speak . beat . beat . kay it ... it be Mr. beebe 's job to - bradlee no . it 's yours to make this decision . just you . bradlee ( cont ’d ) you could have tell I to get off the story . but you do not . you could have tell I to not get the document . but you do not . bradlee ( cont ’d ) and if the Post do not publish this papers , you will have to finda new executive editor tomorrow . 90 . fritz ( scowling ) do not be dramatic . bradlee 's eye do not leave Kay 's . kay you be willing to stand by that ? bradlee absolutely . she think , not take this decision lightly . kay while you may feel responsible to act as a exemplification for freedom of the press , Mr. bradlee , I have a commitment to the thousand of people employ by this company . this be not they crusade and I refuse to put they in jeopardy over a ... vendetta . bradlee be crest - fall , ignatius heave a sigh of relief . she look to where she granddaughter spun in the sunshine just day ago - lose in the memory for a moment . finally , she stand . kay ( cont 'd ) but - bradlee perk up . kay ( cont 'd ) I also have a responsibility to the public . to the reader . even when it might not support we own best interest . ( beat ) they lie . all of they . they lie and tell we that what we be do be good . that we be help people who could not help themselves . but that be not it at all . no one want we there . so , they , we , just send a bunch of young man to die . it be not just my son , or you son , that they send over there . and it should not just be we to know the truth . gl . she stand she ground , fritz can not help but be move . Kay look to bradlee , soften . kay ( cont 'd ) they know it be wrong . we ... we friend know . and they do not care . bradlee stare at she - the weight of it all hang between they . she catch herself in the emotion straighten herself back out . kay ( cont 'd ) can you guarantee I that we can go to print without publishing the name of anyone in danger ? bradlee ignatius I can not believe this . kay Mr. ignatius , I be - ignatius you can not be actually consider this ! this be just you maternal - kay Mr. ignatius - ignatius turn to fritz . ignatius you be just go to let she do this ? she can not possibly - fritz I assure you , this be entirely Mrs. Graham 's decision . ignatius stammer . Kay hide a smile , look back to bradlee . bradlee I give you my word . she think again , then look up at he . kay do it . print they . 92. she turn and walk back into the party , go back to host as if nothing happen . bradlee can hardly believe it . ext . news stand , WASHINGTON , d.c . - morning bradlee lean on a wall with a coffee and watch a post truck deliver stack of newspaper . the early morning commuter begin to grab they . no one pick up the Times . bradlee smile and , after a moment , walk over and pick one up himself . he read the front page : '' document reveal U.S. effort in ' 54 to delay viet election - first of a series by chalmer robert '' . ext . various , WASHINGTON , d.c . - morning men and women , young and old , pick up copy of the Washington Post . they read it at newstand and barber shop . student read it on campus . there be a overwhelming feel of anger and disappointment in the face of the reader . int . bullpen , WASHINGTON post - morning the usual cacophony of typewriter and go-getter rush through the giant room . gene be in he office . Howard sip coffee - he eye glue to the glass wall of bradlee 's office where fritz , Kay , and bradlee sit inside . meg approach . meg they be go to catch you stare . howard then he should not have make it a glass wall . meg ( smile ) Chalmers onto the next piece ? howard ( nodd ) he 's get murrey work on one too . meg think we will get to print they ? howard ( shrugging ) I be shocked she let we get one in . 93 . int . bradlee 's office , WASHINGTON post - same time a awkward silence hang between bradlee , Kay , and fritz - who have a legal pad on he lap . bradlee you be sure they be go to call . fritz yes . bradlee I meet the aag once . tiny hand . Kay hide a smile . after a few moment of unbearable silence ... the phone at Cynthia 's desk ring . after a moment - cynthia ( 0.s. ) it 's the Assistant Attorney General . bradlee put he through . bradlee take a deep breath , Kay do not know what to expect . bradlee 's phone ring and he put it on speaker . bradlee ( cont ’d ) this be bradlee . I have Mrs. Graham and Mr. beebe here with I . balile ( 0.s. ) good morning , this be Assistant Attorney General Gerald balile . bradlee hello , Mr. balile . fritz begin make note . balile ( rote ) Mr. bradlee , I have be advise by the Secretary of Defense that the material publish in the Washington Post this morning contain information relate to the national defense of the United States and bear a top-secret classification . ( more ) 94 . balile ( cont 'd ) as such , the publication of this information be directly prohibit by the provision of the espionage Law , title 18 , United States code , section 793 . fritz close he eye tight . Kay and bradlee exchange a glance . balile ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) moreover , further publication will cause irreparable injury to the defense interest of the United States . accordingly , I respectfully request that you publish no further information of this character and advise I that you have make arrangement for the return of this document to the Department of Defense . bradlee look to fritz who give he another nod of the head . bradlee thank you for the call , Mr. balile , but we respectfully decline . balile ( 0.s. ) thank you for you time . the call end . the moment hang there briefly . kay what 's next ? fritz sigh and stand . fritz we be go to court . today . they x11 try and prove we knowingly publish something that be a danger to the US government . bradlee do he call we spy ? fritz not as glamorous as you think , be it . ( beat ) I 'il call when I have more news . for now ... keep they write . ( more ) 95 . fritz ( cont 'd ) we have open the door . no reason close it until they order we to . kay will it come to that ? fritz most assuredly . ( to bradlee ) you want a fight . fritz leave , she look at bradlee . kay Mr. bradlee ? bradlee ( in a daze ) hm ? kay when be the last time you sleep ? bradlee the day before I start this job . beat . bradlee wonder why she 's still there . bradlee ( cont ’d ) Mrs. Graham ? kay I speak to Mr. McNamara . bradlee ( surprised ) what ? you - will he - kay he 's not a villain . bradlee you do not have to be a villain to do villainous thing . kay he will not be a source for you . bradlee ( frustrated ) Mrs. Graham - 96. kay ( stand ) I think I x11 go with fritz to the hearing . bradlee they probably will not let you in . why do you tell I if you be not go to let I - kay because I do not want you to think I be afraid to ask . he 's stunne by this . a moment hang between they . kay ( cont 'd ) I will keep you inform . he nod and she leave . he look out to the bullpen and watch he staff ; they never-end hustle . int . courthouse - night Kay pace outside of a courtroom - a close hearing take place . she 's alone , walk up and down the hallway , she heel echoing off the wall . a young woman ( late 20 ) hurry down the hallway , part walk / part run . she 's about to open the door to the courtroom - kay I would not do that . it 's a close hearing . young woman shoot . have they be in there for long ? kay ( check she watch ) a few hour . young woman shoot , shoot . she press she ear to the door , Kay watch she from the corner of she eye . finally , the young woman sit . 97 . young woman ( cont ’d ) I be suppose to bring something to my boss but I have to finish up a few thing and there be so much traffic and I - well - you just would not think - at this time of night . Kay nod once , try not to get involved . a moment pass . they woman give Kay a once over . young woman ( cont ’d ) be you ... Mrs. Graham ? kay ( force a smile ) I think we be suppose to keep we voice down . the young woman nod . another moment pass . young woman ( hushed ) I be probably not suppose to say this , but I hope you win . Kay look at she , a strange expression on she face . young woman ( cont ’d ) I mean , I think what you be do - printing that papers - I think it 's right . it 's the right thing to do . Kay nod once . the woman wait a minute but can not help herself - young woman ( cont ’d ) I read that interview you do and - I know people be give you a hard time but - I think you gotta just ignore they . it 's not easy be the only one of we in a room with a bunch of they . she gesture she head towards the door . young woman ( cont ’d ) sometimes people do not appreciate how much you be do until you have already do it . and I like see someone tell this guy what 's what . ( more ) 98 . young woman ( cont ’d ) but do not tell my boss I say that - he would fire I just for talk to you . kay let 's not have that happen . the woman nod and go back to sit there in silence . Kay realize she might have be rude . kay ( cont 'd ) thank you . the woman offer a friendly smile , just as the door to the courtroom open . Kay stand , fritz walk over - there 's a frenzy come from all the lawyer as they spill out . kay ( cont 'd ) well ? fritz they be issue a restrain order until we can get back in to see the judge . kay tonight ? fritz ( tired ) Monday . and if that do not work for they , we will head to the Supreme Court of appeal . kay ( angry ) | we can not print anything ? fritz not after tonight . but , it 's not over yet . Kay watch behind fritz as the young woman be berate by a government lawyer . int . live room , bradlee house - night bradlee walk in dishevel , exhaust . he drop he briefcase on the ground and stand there for a moment . enjoy the quiet . he hear the faint sound of a tv. 99 . int . den , bradlee house - night marina be asleep in front of the tv . he smile . he move to turn it off but see that it 's special news program on Vietnam produce by eco . he sit for a minute . newsreel '' ... the truth of the matter be , the Paris peace talk , hail as a major breakthrough in 1968 have , by 1971 achieve nothing . the delegate still turn up , make accusatory speech and leave . week in week out , the delegate play they part but its all become a puppet show without a audience . and in the meantime , the war go on and the casualty list mount ... '' bradlee grit he jaw as he watch . int . studio , bradlee house - a little later tony sit on a stool , painting in splatter overall . a record player play softly , a cigarette smoke in a ashtray . bradlee walk towards the studio with a beer . eventually he lean on the doorway . she know he 's there but she do not need to acknowledge it . bradlee I think that one be finish . tony you be think of a different one . bradlee oh . they conversation be slow . at ease . he walk to the wear - out recliner he sit in for many night in the early day of they marriage . now , it 's cluttere with papers . he move they off and sit . bradlee ( cont ’d ) you daughter snuck down to watch tv again . she look at he . tony you look terrible . 100 . bradlee ( smile ) so I have be tell . he watch she paint . the sound from the record play in between they . bradlee ( cont 'd ) fritz think it 's go to go to the Supreme Court . tony that 's what you want , right ? bradlee yea , I - he trail off . tony what ? bradlee I think I mess this one up . tony just because you might not win do not mean you mess up . not everything be suppose to go you way , ben. bradlee I know . tony do you ? maybe he do not . bradlee if this go bad they be go to put the blame on I . I guess ... I just do not know if it be worth it . tony do not be a idiot , bradlee . he stare at she . tony ( cont 'd ) yea , maybe you will not win . maybe you will have to resign and start all over again . but you do the right thing . that 's worth it . ( more ) 101 . tony ( cont 'd ) besides , you ask for the blame in the first place . you can not put that on anyone else now that you be up shit 's creek . bradlee ( smile ) you sure know how to cut to the quick . tony of course . it 's why you marry I . bradlee ah , be that why , I keep forget . it 's a joke , but there 's some truth to it . he watch she again - lose in think . bradlee ( cont ’d ) what do you think of she ? tony who ? we daughter ? bradlee ( laugh ) no , Mrs. Graham . tony I do not know she . bradlee that 's never stop you from have a opinion before . she take she time with it , turn to look at he . tony I think ... she 's in a position she never think she have have and I be sure plenty of people do not think she should be in . if I be she ... I would not even know where to start . 102 . int . boardroom , WASHINGTON post - morning copy of the Washington Post be drop . each headline detail the progress that 's be make on the case : '' gesell uphold previous ruling in ' pentagon paper 's case , appeal head to federal court '' , '' court find in favor of post , restraining order upheld '' , '' time and post case enjoined , case head to supreme court '' , '' supreme court hearing on ' pentagon paper 's set for emergency saturday hearing '' . ignatius slam each paper onto the table . Kay watch patiently from she normal seat ; fritz look on . the past week have take a toll . they look exhaust . ignatius and now we ipo be be reconsider . a murmur amongst the board member . fritz they be just do they due diligence . this be a big offer . ignatius due diligence ? fritz yes , Paul . and what be it - ignatius please do not ask what I be insinuate . I think it 's clear : ever since Mrs. Graham take over we have see not only a steady decline in profit but , now , a jump off the cliff ! Kay let it happen - but she 's not happy about it . ignatius ( cont ’d ) I be bring here because of my experience and never have I see such a disregard for the best intention of a company . if I offer my opinion and it be ignore once , I will let it go . twice , I 'il raise my hand . Three time - I must speak ! if no one else will , I will stand up for the interest of we board . that 's a dagger to Kay 's heart . fritz survey the room , he can not tell whose side the boardmembers be on . 103 . ignatius ( cont ’d ) Mrs. Graham , you decision to allow the Post to become involved in this crusade be beyond reprehensible . you have repeatedly allow Mr. bradlee and he - group - to have he way with this paper . through weak and misguide leadership . and , frankly , it be something I be sure that neither you father , nor you husband - she stand , surprising everyone - not the least of which , herself . kay that will be quite enough . it be perfectly clear , Mr. ignatius , that you and I have very different opinion of how to run this company . however , whether you agree with my decision or not , I have make they . not you . ignatius be almost red with anger . kay ( cont 'd ) if it be you intention to bully I into leave this company , I assure you - that be not go to happen . if you truly believe that the correct step be for I to step down , please - take a vote . but I recommend you do it after the hearing tomorrow . you may not think I know much , but I can tell you you headline will sell much better if you fire a felon . not just a woman . ( beat ) and I hate to disappoint you , Mr. ignatius , but phil Graham never care for bully and he would not have care for you . she leave the room , emboldene . the boardmembers shocked . int . gene 's office , WASHINGTON post - day bradlee knock , gene look up . bradlee you get a minute ? 104 . gene sure . bradlee walk in and shut the door behind he . bradlee you come to the hearing tomorrow ? gene I think I should probably stay here . in case the world decide to keep rotate while you be all in court . bradlee laugh once . gene ( cont 'd ) you alright ? bradlee no ... I - I need to ask a favor . gene ( joke ) hang on , let I write this down . bradlee 's mood be serious , gene 's expression change . gene ( cont ’d ) Jesus , Ben . what ? bradlee if this thing go bad . which ... I do not know . I think it would be over by now and it 's not so - gene they be just - bradlee when fritz beebe tell you it do not look good ... it do not do much to bolster confidence . ( beat ) if I have to resign , if it come to that , I need you to stay . gene be stunne . a moment hang between they . gene well , that 's about the last thing I ever think I have hear . 105 . bradlee Howard 's go to want the job and if I be here he ’1ll get it . but if thing go south and I have to leave - I need you to be here . they 's 11 listen to you and I - look , I may not have do a lot around here but ... I assemble a great newsroom . I need you to keep they together for as long as you can . gene think a minute . gene ( quiet ) alright . bradlee stand and offer he hand , gene rise and take it . bradlee thanks . gene but if this go you way I be still get the hell out of here . bradlee ( smile ) I would expect nothing less . int . kitchen , graham house - night Kay sit at the table , write in a notepad , she keep scribbling thing out . frustrate . a half - empty glass of wine next to she . she hear the front door open and turn to look , concerned . lally walk in , look exhaust . solemn . kay ( concerned ) lally ? lally I be sorry I do not call . she sit across from she mother . kay ( carefully ) be everything ok ? where 's katharine ? 106 . lally with yann . I just ... I need to get away for a bit . Kay go to the cabinet and get a glass for lally . then pour a hefty one , surprising she daughter . lally look at the notepad , confuse - lally ( cont 'd ) what be you - it dawns on she . lally ( cont 'd ) the case - I do not - kay it 's alright . I be not get anywhere . lally you have to make a statement ? kay fritz think it would be best . lally can I help ? kay oh no . honestly , I be not even quite sure where to begin . lally I be sorry - I should have call - Kay wave she hand to stop she . kay grow up , we always have to be scarce . out of sight and all . I never want that for my child but - now . well . it 's quiet again . lally we should visit more . kay ( shaking she head ) I raise you to have you own life . it would be hypocritical of I to ask for they back . 107 . lally no it would not . you be allow to ask for thing , Mom . kay I know that . lally do you ? sometimes I feel like you do not speak up because ... I do not know . you be afraid you 'il sound - kay that 's not fair . when - lally Fair or not , it 's the truth . kay my child always think they know everything . lally watch she mother with interest . kay ( cont 'd ) people think I must have be devastate when you grandfather pick you father to run the company instead of I . lally be not you ? kay no. I be ... proud . you father be the smartest man I have ever meet . when you grandfather choose he it be like , well , it be like he choose I . because phil have be my choice . lally but ... he do not choose you . kay it 's different for you . you generation - woman can get away with have expectation - lally no we can not ! but we do it because if we do not ... well . no one 's go to do it for we . 108 . Kay watch she daughter . lally ( cont 'd ) I grow up in this house , too , Mom . dad be smart but you ... you be the one that keep it all together . ( beat ) grandpa be wrong . Kay look down at she notepad . kay I keep wander into you father 's office . hope that I 'il find something new there . a journal or a letter - tell I what I be suppose to do next . what step to take - if I make the right one . lally ( soft ) this be not about dad . or grandpa . this be about you . and you have already do the hardest part - now you just have to stand by it . kay you say it as if it 's so simple . lally I know everything , remember ? int . courtroom , supreme court build - day the courtroom be pack , the nine justice ( all man , 40s - 60 ) sit in they leather chair and listen to the argument . there be three set of lawyer : the government ( griswold , 40s ) , the Post , and the Times . at the moment , griswold be at the lectern . Kay be in a pew directly behind fritz , next to lally . ignatius be nearby . bradlee a few behind she next to Howard . he 's nervous , foot tapping on the ground . the door open and bagdikian sneak in , take a seat next to meg . bagdikian ( hushed ) you see how many people be outside ? 109 . meg ( sotto ) I have be here for the last four hour . griswold ... we also contend that the publishing of this document be a dishonorable and treasonous act that will dramatically undermine the President 's power to conduct foreign affair and in authority as Commander - in - Chief of the armed force . bradlee and Kay both wince at griswold 's use of '' dishonorable '' . griswold ( cont ’d ) as the scope of this document be so vast , it 's hard to fully warn against the consequence of they be make public . to print this papers without consulting the government be to exercise a criminal disregard for the safety of this country and we troops overseas . griswold close he folder and take he seat . judge black thank you , Mr. griswold . now I understand that Mrs. katharine Graham will be make a statement . bradlee be surprised . she rise and walk to the lectern . kay thank you , judge Black . she take a breath , steeling herself . kay ( cont 'd ) as you say , my name be katharine Graham and I be the owner and publisher of the Washington post. ( beat ) I have be in the newspaper business almost my whole life . my father purchase the paper when I be sixteen and - well - all I ever want to do be work at it . it ... ( more ) 110 . kay ( cont 'd ) take I a little longer than I think it would , but , well , sometimes thing happen as they should , I think . the crowd be rapt with interest . kay ( cont 'd ) as I say , I have be in this business nearly my whole life and never , never , have I see a story that display such a wanton disregard for the public interest . to have hide this decision make without the people 's knowledge that result in decade of torture , murder , and oppression . bradlee be stunne by the power of she word . kay ( cont 'd ) my father , when he step down , issue a press release . he say , '' the citizen of a free country have to depend on a free press for the information necessary to the intelligent discharge of they duty of citizenship . that be why the constitution give newspaper express protection from government interference . '' it ... it might have take I a little while longer than my father would have hope to truly understand this word but ... I believe they to be true . it be my responsibility to stand behind my staff and the truth of they conviction to tell this story . it be we duty . meg and Howard be rapt with attention . a shock to they both . kay ( cont 'd ) this paper have be in my life longer than most of my staff have be alive . and the legacy it carry be not just my name , but my father 's name . my husband 's name . and my decision to publish this papers be one that could put into jeopardy the lot of it . she almost look back at bradlee , but keep she eye forward . 111 . kay ( cont 'd ) however , if the decision be make by the court to side with the government , and the Washington Post cease to exist , I can think of no stronger mark to leave than by take a stand for what be right . and there will have be no great honor in my life than to be beside the man and woman of the Post while we attempt to do just that . her voice shake , bradlee 's eye be glassy but he cover . kay ( cont 'd ) thank you . she step back to she seat , she and bradlee avoid eye contact . lally beam with pride . judge black thank you , Mrs. Graham . int . hallway , courthouse - a little later the attendee file out . bradlee stand with meg and Howard . he keep he eye aloft , look for Kay , not pay attention to they conversation . he can not find she . bagdikian jog towards they from outside . bagdikian there 's something you gotta see . bradlee look around one last time to find Kay but , if she 's there , she 's lose in the sea of people . he follow the trio to the door . ext . supreme court , WASHINGTON , d.c . - moment later bradlee , meg , bagdikian , and Howard step out onto the iconic front step to see a peace rally take place . thousands of people , picket in the air plaster with message like '' no more lie '' , '' bring our boy back '' , and '' veteran for peace '' . meg smile and pat bradlee on the back . he stand there , hand in pocket , watch everything that 's take place . ext . supreme court , WASHINGTON , d.c . - early morning Kay sit on a bench outside of the courtroom . her ankle cross , posture perfect , there be a unreadable look on she face . fritz walk over . 112. fritz should not be much longer . she nod , he go back to the attorney . she seem to be ina bit of a daze , try to wrap she head around the magnitude of it all . the sound of shuffle foot knock she from she thought . she turn , surprised to see bradlee straighten he tie and rush towards she . he sit . bradlee the verdict in yet ? kay I do not think so . he relax into the bench . she study he , he finally look at she . bradlee you do not think I have leave you here with the suit . kay I 'ma '' suit '' . bradlee Mrs. Graham , you be much more than that . the faintest of smile appear for a moment on she face . she sit back in the bench . after a beat - bradlee ( cont ’d ) about yesterday -— kay do you ever see the vagabond King ? bradlee the one with rita moreno ? kay my father take I to see it when it be on Broadway . I be just a little girl but I remember be so excited that he pick I to go with he . not everyone . just I . bradlee he like you . kay there 's a scene I have be think about quite a lot lately . ( more ) 113 . kay ( cont 'd ) since phil die , really . at the end , when the King appear in royal garb , walk down that step for the first time . all the archer have they arrow point at he , ready to release at any moment - decide what to do - decide if ... he be worthy enough to wear that robe . she trail off into the memory , choose to keep the intention of the story private . he watch she , then - bradlee I be sorry . she look at he , surprised . kay for what ? bradlee for ... well . not trust you . kay ( conspiratorial grin ) I do not trust you the whole time either , Mr. bradlee . bradlee still . I be wrong . after a moment , she nod ever so slightly . kay be the victim do not really suit I . all it do be open a door for more people to judge you . criticize you . and , I guess , one day you have to just decide not to allow they to do that anymore . bradlee would love to know how you do that . kay sometimes in life you do not really decide to move on , you just do . blindly and mindlessly . 114 . bradlee blindly and mindlessly . I like that . next to they , the door to the courtroom open and fritz turn to give Kay a nod . she stand , nervously smoothing she dress . she walk into the courtroom first , follow closely behind by bradlee . the door shut . int . bradlee 's office , WASHINGTON post - the next day the front page of the Washington Post sit on he desk . the headline read , '' supreme court rule in favor of paper '' . bradlee look at the famous photo of he and Kay on the step of the courthouse , celebrate they victory , a smile of pride on he face . he tear it from the rest of the paper . Cynthia walk in . cynthia we can have a actual photo frame for you , y’know . bradlee I like this one . do you reach Mrs. Graham for I ? cynthia I leave word . he write on the photo , '' wear the robe - B '' then hand it to Cynthia . she look at it , confuse . bradlee make sure that get to she desk . she nod and he rise , walk to the bullpen . int . bullpen , WASHINGTON post - continuous he walk to the center of the room , he back to the elevator . bradlee hey ! can I have everyone 's attention for a minute ? the staff turn . gene step out of he office and into the doorway . meg , Howard , bagdikian , and geyelin all listen from various part of the newsroom . 115 . bradlee ( cont ’d ) this be go to be quick because it take a act of God for any of you to hit a deadline even without a interruption . laugh from the crowd . bradlee ( cont 'd ) I just want to say thank you . I - you know - I do not say it enough but . the gut . the energy and of everyone involved in this and ... well - it have impressed I more than anything . you be all beautiful . behind he , Kay step off the elevator . he do not see she , but other do . bradlee 's voice shake slightly . bradlee ( cont ’d ) to have be able to work beside you all , to work with we publisher who see through the fear of retribution . who see the need to bring it all to light . to echo Mrs. Graham 's word - to have be a part of that be one of the great honors of this newsman 's life . there 's a split second of awkwardness as no one know what to do with such a level of sincerity from he . finally , Howard begin to clap . the room applaud and cheer , after a minute he wave he hand - bradlee ( cont ’d ) alright ! enough ! to work ! they all listen and get to it . bradlee make eye contact with gene who offer a slight nod of the head before go into he office . bradlee turn to see Kay walk in he direction . he force a smile , slightly embarrassed . Kay approach bradlee . there 's a moment hang between they . kay would you have really resign ? he shrug . phil do you think phil would have publish the paper ? after a moment . that conspiratorial grin again - 116 . kay not in a million year . he laugh and they begin to walk towards he office . kay ( cont 'd ) if now be alright , I be hope we could discuss the style section ? he start to laugh , then realize - bradlee you be serious . kay we can not sit around in sentimentality all day . bradlee I be not get into this with you again . kay then it appear we be at a impasse . bradlee that 's one word for it . kay I be not say it 's entirely wrong , but the section it - it just do not make sense to I . bradlee it 's not mean for you ! kay who 's it mean for ? bradlee ( annoyed ) we have discuss this . kay I think it deserve just another conversation — bradlee the Times -— kay not with the Times again - 117 . they walk into bradlee 's office , where we stay outside in the bullpen and watch through the glass . bradlee sit , stubborn and headstrong , foot on the desk and arm in the air out of exasperation . Kay , seat across from he , thoughtful but equally stubborn , politely make she point . as the following appear on screen : the 6-3 ruling by the supreme court to uphold the publication of the pentagon paper be one of the most seminal decision made regarding a challenge to the first amendment . the release of the paper eventually lead to watergate , president nixon 's resignation , and the end of the vietnam war . BEN bradlee stayed on as executive editor of the WASHINGTON post until 1991 . he remains one of the most respected newsman of the 20 th century . bradlee 's tireless passion influenced generation that have come after . bradlee passed away in 2014 . in 1972 , as the head of the WASHINGTON post company , katharine graham became the first female fortune 500 ceo . she worked tirelessly to change the perception of women in the workplace that she too once held . kay stepped down as publisher in 1979 . she be succeed first by her son , donald , then later by her granddaughter , katharine . kay passed away in 2001 . for there determine pursuit of journalistic excellence , both kay and bradlee received the presidential medal of freedom . it be the highest civilian award of the UNITED states . kay and bradlee remained confidante for the rest of there live . always relying on each other for counsel , guidance , support , and friendship .