the sorcerer 's apprentice base on a screenplay by Larry konner and Mark rosenthal revision by Matt Lopez July 18 , 2008 property of : Jerry bruckheimer film 1631 10 " Street Santa monica , CA 90404 co I oo se eee ' '' int . school bus ( moving ) - day dave ( 10 ) , pensive and sincere , look out the window and smile as the bus he 's riding in roar into a dark tunnel . title : " weehawken , new jersey - 10 year ago " dave want to see some magic ? Dave 's best / only friend oscar look up from he game Boy . dave Close you eye . oscar ( through absurd brace ) you be not gonna kish I , be you ? Dave shoot he a look . oscar sigh , close he eye . so do Dave and so do -- becky ( 10 ) , a brunette beauty sit just in front of they . the coolest girl in class , she hardly know Dave exist . ka-chung ! the bus hit a grate -- Dave 's cue . he count under he breath , know the precise number until : dave .--okay ...and ... open you eye ! Dave and Becky open they eye at the exact instant that the dark tunnel give way to the majestic , gleam spire of -- new york CITY -- the most magical city in the world ! oscar ( back to he game Boy ) thatsh shome pretty lame magic . becky ( 0.s. ) I think it be cool . Dave look up to see Becky smile at he . Dave smile nervously back , then grin at a stunne oscar . ext . new york CITY - day quick cut -- Dave 's class take in the sight : the chrysler build -- to Dave , that steel gargoyle eagle seem ready to take flight ... the statue of atlas , massively heroic in rockefeller Center ... int . museum of modern art - day Becky stand in silhouette in front of chagall 's " aleko and Zemphira by moonlight . " a boy and girl levitate together in the nighttime sky -- a child 's dream bring to magical life . a second silhouette step into frame : Dave . becky I love the way they float up like that . I come here a lot with my parent . I like all of the painting , but I love this one the most ... Dave look at she , fall truly , madly , deeply in love -- and feel the sudden urge to tell she . dave Becky ... Becky turn to look at he . Dave trail off , too scared to tell . dave +.. never mind . the rest of the class flood into the room . as Becky join she friend , Dave know he blow it . ext . WASHINGTON square - day Dave 's class gather around they teacher , ms. algar , in front of the fame WASHINGTON square arch . ms . algar -.. this park serve as a burial ground in the early 1800' . to this day over 20,000 body rest beneath Washington Square ... a creepe - out Dave stare at he foot as Ms. algar point out a desolate - look elm tree . ms . algar +-.and this be hangman 's elm , at 300 year , the oldest tree in Manhattan . traitors be hang here during the Revolutionary War ... a creaking in the withere branch . just the wind . moment later -- Dave watch Becky from afar . dave how do I tell she how amazing she be ...? oscar playah , everybody knowsh that . buy she shometh exshpensive . Dave dig he money out of he pocket . Three buck . make that two buck as a sudden gust of wind blow a dollar bill out of he hand ! the bill hit the ground . Dave lean over to grab it when a bike messenger run over it . the bill stick to the tire . dave hey , stop ! the bike keep go . Dave run after the bike , out onto third Street , where the bill fall off the tire ... and get snatch up by a french poodle ! dave ma'am , you dog ! stop !! but the jogging woman can not hear over she headphone . Dave chase the dog down a brick lane line with eclectic shop . the dog spit out the bill and keep go . Dave pull up , breathe hard . he lean over to pick up the bill , then straighten up to find himself look at -- the ring ... + + san unusual ring on display in a shop window . the band be silver , a ancient design ; the " gem " be a gray stone that 's be carve into a long , intricate dragon . Dave notice the shop 's sign : " arcana cabana - antiquities , obscurities , unusual gift - balthazar blake , proprietor . " the street have go eerily quiet . Dave feel a urge to go back the way he come , but draw by the promise of " unusual gift , " he walk into the store , go past -- the car -- park at the curb , a gleam monster in black and chrome : the 1930 bentley speed 6 corsica ... int . arcana cabana -— continuous turn out " unusual " be a understatement . the shop be narrow but deep , and pack with all manner of strange object : a egyptian mummy case ... weird expressionistic painting ... caligari - esque furniture ... a yellow - eye stuffed owl that cast weird , animated shadow on the wall ... Dave feel someone watching he , whirl around to see -- a_macabre urn . two foot tall , it look hand - paint by Hieronymus bosch : tormented soul and terrifying monster men writhe in agony in a nightmare landscape ... Dave be about to touch the urn 's ornate lid when -- a hand snatch he wrist ! Dave gasp , look up to see ... balthazar blake ( 40 ) know how to make a entrance . tall and grim , eye ringed in black , he wear a long black coat adorn with cryptic alchemical symbol . a goth-rock Lord Byron ... and as Byron himself be once describe , balthazar give every impression of be " mad , bad and dangerous to know . " balthazar ( off the urn ) you break that one and we both buy it . ( release Dave 's hand ) look for something in particular ? dave ( freak ) just a gift ... for someone special . balthazar cock a eyebrow . he step behind a display case and pick up a blood -color , heart - shape glass jar . balthazar this jar hold the heart of Antony and cleopatra for a thousand year ... until they turn to dust . Dave smile awkwardly , unsure how to respond . balthazar what , a jar stuff with the disembody heart of history 's great lover not romantic enough for you ? gee , I be sorry , I be fresh out of promise ring ! | | | dave it 's not that . it 's just ... ( nervous ; deflect ) hey , that 's a cool ring ! balthazar' ring -- be indeed cool , and very unusual : a luminous GREEN diamond set in a intricate gothic set . be it a trick of the light or do the ring fleetingly glow ? dave the way it catch the light ... balthazar ( knowingly ) yeah ... look at that . balthazar look up , stare intently at Dave , appraise he . balthazar I do have another ring ... balthazar go to the front window and grab the unusual dragon ring we see earlier . he hold out the ring to Dave . balthazar go ahead ... try it on . Dave stare at the ring , feel its strange pull ... then see balthazar stand over he , stare like a madman . Dave gasp , step back -- right into a glass cistern that crash to the floor ! Water and glass go fly . Dave look up in horror as balthazar advance . dave be -- be that valuable ? balthazar the last drop of water from the lose City of atlantis ? gee , what do you think , Dave ?! dave how would you know my name be -- balthazar show I you hand . Dave stammer , confuse . balthazar show I you hand ! 6 . Dave panic , shut he eye and hold out he hand , fear the worst . he feel something , open he eye to see ... a wooden mop -- lie across he hand . balthazar head for the stair at the back of the shop . balthazar I want the floor shine , the shelf dust and the window spotless . the cobweb stay . Dave bolt for the door but the deadbolt have be lock with a key . he bang on the door in vain . on the stair -- balthazar drop a key in he pocket . balthazar I will be in my study . dave you can not keep I here ! my class will be look for I ! the door to balthazar 's study slam shut . dave please let they be look for I . Dave look around the shop , try hard to breathe . he be so screw . moment later -~ Dave mop the floor , keep a eye on every shadow and dark corner , of which there be many . he see some old photo tape to the wall behind a display case . he lean the mop against a shelf and walk over to the display . the dragon ring sit at the end of the case as Dave lean in to see -- the photograph -- be of a raven - haire young woman , allure and mysterious . the last photo show the woman stand in this very shop , join by a old man . . suddenly Dave look down at the case , see -- the ring -- be in a different place . closer to Dave . dave be not you just over there ? Dave stare at the ring , simultaneously repell and attract to it . he look both way , then pick up the ring . a engrave be etched along the gleam band : dave " take I up ... " Dave turn the ring over . on the other side it say : dave " cast I away ... " the ring be sit in the palm of he hand when -- the dragon' claw and tail -- coil and tighten around he finger ! Dave shout with surprise , grow frantic as he pull harder and harder -- the ring be happy where it be . dave come on ! come on !!! Dave shake he hand violently , then look over to see -- the mop -- be move back and forth in perfect sync ! Dave gasp , freeze . the mop stop bolt upright . Dave move he hand to the leave . the mop swishes across the floor to the leave . he move he hand to the right -- again , the mop follows . the world as Dave know it have just change . he 's barely begin to process this when -- a sudden knocking SOUND -- spin he around . persistent and get louder , it 's come from the back of the shop ... a mahogany BOX -- sit on a antique table . the box look ancient , as do the padlock that secure its lid . the knocking be come from inside the box . Dave stare at the box , wary but somehow enthralled . as he lift he hand to touch the box -- klinnk ! the padlock pop OPEN . eye wide with wonder , Dave open the box ... a strange nesting doll -- sit inside . what appear to be a sorcerer of some kind be paint on the outermost doll , in a style that evoke a medieval stain glass . creepy ... +.- and entrance . Dave pick up the doll , curious what the next doll must look like . he do not notice as -- the eye -- on the dragon ring begin to glow . 8 . Dave turn the top of the doll , which snap into place . then he pull the top from the bottom and -- vooosshhh !!! a tongue of crimson flame explode out of the doll and up to the ceiling . a figure levitate in the bilious smoke . and as the smoke clear ... dark figure finally , finally ... maxim horvath ( 40 ) float there , a evil sorcerer of the deadly rank , and a crazy - eye motherf ** ker . maxim horvath «.. freedom , baby !!! Dave scream , music to horvath 's ear . the eye on he skull ring begin to glow red , when suddenly -- whoom !!! a sphere of highly - ionize , electro-magnetically compress matter -- what a physicist would recognize as plasma , the fourth state of matter -- slam into horvath and send he fly . ' as we will learn , we have just see what Stephen hawking would call a plasmoid -- and balthazar blake , a plasma bolt . Dave turn to see balthazar on the stair , he hand splay out , he ring glow . balthazar bad news ? you just freed maxim horvath , one of the deadly - sorcerer in history ... Dave stare in shock as balthazar vault the rail and grab a large , ancient tome off the shelf -- the encantus . balthazar good news ? only a sorcerer could open that doll . in other word -- balthazar hand the book to Dave , who buckle under its weight . balthazar grin . balthazar -- I just find my new apprentice . Dave stare in horror , unable to imagine worse news than that . balthazar ( off the encantus ) you homework . learn it . 9. wham !!! a invisible force ripple through the air , knock balthazar into the wall , crater it . a concussion blast . maxim horvath sorry , blake . kid 's take a incomplete on this one . horvath come at Dave , who drop the book . suddenly horvath 's eye light up -- the nesting doll lie in he path . [ a evil chinese sorcerer be depict on the next outermost doll . ] horvath see it . balthazar see he see it . 's maxim horvath the grimhold ! balthazar and horvath leap through the air . balthazar get there first , spin out of the way as horvath smashes into a display . balthazar hand the doll to a terrify Dave . balthazar whatever you do , keep this safe ... now get out of here !!! a fast and furious brawl erupt in the shop -- and Dave be catch in the middle ! as he duck for cover we catch fleeting glimpse of plasma bolt and antique large and small fly across the room . Dave be panicked . dave this be not happen ... Dave blindly , reflexively throw he ring hand out -- dave go away !!! thoom ! a sphere of light rock the shop , send Dave fly into the wall . when Dave finally open he eye , he 's stand -- ext . arcana cabana - continuous Dave gasp , drop the nesting doll to the sidewalk . ms . algar ( 0.s. ) Young man , where have you be ?! Dave turn to see Ms. algar and he class stand there . he look back at the shop , tremble . Ms. algar decide to have a look , but as she head for the door -- 10 . dave nott ! Dave nearly tackle she . he be scream , out -of-his -mind scared , unsettle the class but especially Becky . ms . algar Dave , what 's the matter with you ?! dave you do not know what 's in there !!! Ms. algar brushes he aside , grab the doorknob and pull it open , to reveal -- the shop be still and silent and exactly as Dave find it . Dave can not believe it . his classmate look at he as if he be nut . suddenly he see something on a shelf -- the lidd urn -- that balthazar warn he about , now with two new soul depict on its paint hellscape -- balthazar and horvath . Dave gasp , turn and run . as Becky and the other watch he take off down the street ... the nesting doll -- be snatch up by a homeless man , who smile as he tuck it in he ratty coat . ext . alley - continuous police siren echo as Dave huddle against a wall , pull on the ring as hard as he can -- it come off ! Dave run , toss the ring in a dumpster . quick - CUT montage : - Dave run up the step to he modest Brooklyn house ... - Dave splashes water on he face , look at himself in the mirror -- the ring be on he finger . - Dave stand on a train platform , drop the ring in front of a oncoming train ... - Dave open he school locker . the ring be there . - in the school basement , Dave throw the ring into a huge furnace , see the ring melt into a small silver puddle ... 11 . int . dave' room - night Dave sleep fitfully , open he eye to see -- the ring -- be lie on he pillow , whole again . the dragon' eye glow like tiny ember in the dark . Dave stare at the ring with fear and forebode , as we —- smash CUT to : int . dave' room - morning Dave sleep with a pillow over he head . arcade fire' " wake up " suddenly blare on the alarm as Dave groggily toss the pillow aside , to reveal -- 20 -year old dave . he sigh , hit the alarm . . another day . quick cut -- Dave throw on a fade t-shirt , black hoodie , Chuck Taylors . tall and gawky , on further review he 's actually inconspicuously handsome . on he wall -- nikola tesla and albert einstein take they place alongside goldfrapp , the raconteurs , buddy holly . Dave open a drawer to grab he watch . the ring be there , but Dave stop notice it long ago . he exit without it . int . dave' apartment - kitchen ~— continuous Dave cradle the phone as he : fish a chunk of pop-tart from a glass of strawberry quik . dave of course I be eat healthy , Mom . he glance at the t.v. , reach for he umbrella . a massive STORM front be converge on New York . int . subway train ( moving ) - day Dave scribbles physics equation in a notebook , he backpack sit on he lap . the car have few rider . a STREET thug -- suddenly appear in the aisle , lift he shirt to reveal the butt of a gun gleam in he waistband . STREET thug all right , listen up ! gimme you cash and you will not get hurt ! 12 . the thug move up the aisle , grab cash from shake rider . the elderly lady next to Dave be terrify . so be Dave . STREET thug gimme the ring , grandma ! the elderly lady give up she wedding ring as Dave dig in he pocket , pull out a few bill -- and the dragon ring . his surprise last about a half -second . STREET thug Hand it over ! Dave look up , see the thug eyeing he ring . . dave oh , believe I , you do not want to -- STREET thug you tryin ' to be a hero ?! Dave hand the ring over . dave I ?! no way ! ext . subway platform -— continuous the door open and the thug take off down the platform . back at the door -- Dave , the elderly lady and the other rider step off the train to watch the flee thug . elderly lady fifty - two year I have that ring . now it 's go forever . dave oh ... you never know . the elderly lady shoot he a puzzle look . further down the platform -- the thug have almost make it to the stair when -- whoom ! the thug be jerk up into the air and backward , as if a invisible chain have reach its length , then he be slammed onto the platform on he back . dave' ring -- fly out of the thug 's hand . we roll with the ring , all the way down the platform , until it finally come to a stop ..... 13. right between Dave 's foot . he pick up the ring , sigh as he drop it in he pocket . the elderly lady 's ring have land nearby . Dave pick it up and hand it to she . . dave you have a wonderful day . the elderly lady stare in shock as Dave walk off and head up the stair toward -- ext . new york university - continuous it 's pouring on 4th Street : thunder , lightning , the work . student run for cover as Dave open he umbrella and head for the science build . he 's about to go inside when ~~ a gorgeous girl ( 20 ) come run out , get drench . she run under Dave 's umbrella , catch he off guard . dave whoa ! the girl laugh . Dark hair , vintage kink t-shirt , plaid mini over black tight , it take Dave all of one second to realize -- it's becky . becky hey , I be go to the communication building . Dave walk right past the science building door . dave no way . I , too . ken ( 0.s. ) Dave , where be you go ? Dave turn around to see he classmate ken chin ( 21 ) . Dave smile nervously . ken Lab start in like , five minute . dave uhh -- what be you talk about ? ken what be you talk about ? hellman want we proofs by Tuesday . we entire grade 's on the line . 14 . dave sorry , I be go to the communication building . I have get -- communication . Dave glare at Ken , scoot Becky on ahead . Becky look at he more closely now . becky Dave ... Dave ... wait a minute , we go to grade school together . you be that Dave . dave ( nod weakly ) Becky , right ? becky you transfer after fourth grade . you be the kid , that whole -- dave arcana cabana . becky -- arcana cabana thing , right . Boy , that be weird . Dave nod at the understatement of the century . dave Little bit . it be a little weird . becky wow , I have not see you in year . dave actually , we see each other in high school , at party and stuff . ( off she blank look ) you be mingling , you prob'ly do not remember -- becky no , no , I do ...oh , hey , this be I . they're in front of the communications build , a side door mark " radio station personnel . " Dave smile . dave you work at the radio station ? that 's awesome , I always want to check it out up there . 15 . awkward beat . Dave be smile but not move . becky you ... wanna come up ? dave ( like it 's she idea ) really ? int . CITY impound — day lightn flash outside the dirty window , illuminate CITY hall across the street . we be in a dingy room where a see - it - all auctioneer face a eclectic mix of bidder . auctioneer okay , folk , next up ... this junk . the artifact from balthazar' shop -- be array on long table on either side of the podium . auctioneer this item be impound by the city and the statutory hold period have now expire . and so , without further ado , item one , this ... thing . a CITY employee hoist a expressionistic urn -- the one balthazar warn Dave not to touch . in the audience -- a eccentric-look rich woman lean in to she bore husband . rich woman that would make a lovely planter for the foyer . the husband roll he eye , bury he head in the paper . int . college radio station - day Becky and Dave sit in the small , dark d.j. booth of wnyu , its wall cover with eclectic album cover from JOHN coltrane to gnarl barkley to radiohead . Becky have headphone , speak into a mic : becky -..off the U.K. version of they l.p . " bridge the gap , " here 's Black eyed pea with " Magic . " - 16 . Becky drop the needle on a vinyl l.p. and flip off she mic . Dave smile as the music begins , a funky , unexpectedly romantic rework of " every Little thing she do be Magic . " dave I can not believe you be Dr. vinyl . I listen to you all the time ... Dave trail off as he see Becky with she eye close , listen in a state of near rapture . Dave look on , fall in love with she all over again ... Becky open she eye , watch the l.p. spin , smile at the wall of music that surround she . becky if somebody tell I I have a hour leave to live , this be how I would want to spend it , right here . suddenly the music goe dead and the light go out . becky only I would pay the power bill . the light flicker , come back on . still no audio . Becky 's producer , the too-cool andre ( 24 ) , poke he head in . andre something 's up with the antenna and the engineer 's out sick . Becky slump in she chair . do this show be she world . dave where 's he keep he equipment ? int . transmitter room - moment later the narrow room be pack to the ceiling with transmitter panel , circuit board , etc . Becky look on as Dave plug a handheld spectrum analyzer into a antenna port . Andre be just outside , look on with a tinge of jealousy . dave you return -loss be too high , prob'ly because of a lightning strike . not a direct hit , ' cause you be still transmit , but close enough to mess up you signal . 17 . becky how do you know this stuff ? dave I be a physics major . I be do a project on transducer . becky uhh , no hablo physics . dave oh , sorry . it 's a device that convert one form of energy into another . it 's what a antenna do . it take electrical energy from you transmitter and convert it into electromagnetic energy in the form of radio wave . ( smile ) be I geek you out ? becky ( nod ) Little bit . Dave go to the transmitter deck , start adjust knob . dave we just have to re-tune the transmitter ... increase you gain just a bit ... music fill the room , the entire studio . Becky smile . becky let 's just get you a cape and a big " D " on you shirt . andre yeah , for " dork . " Becky start to laugh , catch herself . she glare at Andre as Dave smile tightly . so much for he superhero moment . becky so , Dave , I should prob'ly get back to the show . dave ~ yeah , sure , absolutely ... Dave watch Becky as she head for the booth . 18 . dave hey , maybe after you be do we could grab some coffee or -- becky actually ... I be kind of busy tonight . Andre shoot Dave a sly , triumphant grin . Dave nod to Becky , walk out shaking he head . dave transducers . way. to go , Dave . ext . luxury high rise - night rich woman ( prelap ) be the crowbar really necessary ? int . penthouse - night in a art -fill penthouse , the rich couple from the auction look on as a sweat , out - of - breath doorman wedge a crowbar under the urn 's lid . the couple be dress for a night out . doorman ma'am , I have be work on this lid for a hour . if you want this thing open ... the woman look to she husband , who tap he watch impatiently . she turn back to the doorman . rich woman lock the door when you leave , George . and please ... try not to scratch the enamel . doorman I do not think a blowtorch could hurt this old pot , mar 'am . the couple exit , shutting the door behind they . the doorman strain mightily , put he considerable weight on the bar . doorman " try not to scratch the enamel . " scratch this , ya rich -- boom ! suddenly the lid be blown off and -- 19 . voooshhh !!! a violent gust knock the doorman back as the urn 's lid slam into the ceiling , then down onto he head . doorman agghh ! the doorman double over , hold he head as a plume of black flame shoot up out of the urn , then a billow black mushroom cloud . a dark figure -- be hunch on the floor , clothes smolder amid the strange black sand crystal that sizzle on the floor around he . as the figure look slowly up : maxim horvath that ... sucked . the doorman faint , fall with a whump . horvath have not age a day . he stand , look around , see the urn still smoking on the table . horvath grin . out on the balcony -- we be 50 storey above midtown . horvath hoist the urn over he head ... maxim horvath so long , blake . I will tell the kid you say hello . + -. then he let it drop . horvath watch the urn plummet , smile and head back inside . we fall with the urn -~ as the street rush up to meet we . the urn tumble down , down , down along the side of the building -- voooshhh !!! a dark figure blast out of the urn amid a tongue of black flame , reach out for a balcony railing -— - balthazar unnnfff£ !!! balthazar hang on as the urn shatter on the sidewalk , just miss the pedestrian who now look up to see -- no one . int . apartment — continuous a fancy cocktail party . head spin as the sorcerer walk in from the balcony , wiping smoking black sand off he long coat . balthazar how 's it goin ' ? 20 . a stunned man drop a cocktail shrimp on he plate . balthazar snag the shrimp on he way out the door . ext . luxury high rise - night a fog have roll in as balthazar run out to the street , search for a quick way out of here . he crane he neck up the building across the street , to reveal -- the chrysler build -- and one of the magnificent art -deco gargoyle that have so capture young Dave 's imagination : a fierce - look steel eagle . int . chrysler bldg . ~— 60 th floor - night ping ! a cleaning lady exit the elevator push a cart . the floor be dark , the shadow pierce only by flash of lightning that flicker in the window . a strange clatter SOUND draw the clean lady to -- int . empty office - continuous the office be dark . the clatter be be cause by the blind blow back and forth in a open window . raindrop be start to fall on the window sill . puzzle and a bit spook , the clean lady go over to the window , pull the string to raise the blind . she peer out the window . there 's something out there in the rain and fog . something big ... lightning flash ! the chrysler eagle -- terrifying and terrific , hover in mid - air , raindrop splattering across its magnificent steel wing . the clean lady scream and run out of the office . cleaning lady tayyyyyyy ! ies un demonio ! the eagle 's eye be aglow as balthazar sit astride . it and snap the " rein " -- a thick steel chain . balthazar ( shake he head ) hechicero . [ sorcerer . ] 21 . a sight we will never forget . the eagle rear back , make a big arcing turn , and fly off into the foggy night ... 60 stories down -- a little boy . in a rain slicker look up as the moonlight cut through the fog , shine on the eagle . boy Mom , look ! the soak , annoyed mom look up . the eagle be go . mom yes , dear . we call that " fog . " ext . brooklyn - dave' apartment build - night Dave climb the front step of he modest five - story building . the rain be just a drizzle here but the fog be just as thick . int . dave' apartment - kitchen - moment later Dave put he backpack down , see the message light on he answer machine and hit play . _ ken ( 0.s. ) Dave , it 's Ken . I be wonder if you could help I with my conductivity proofs ... Dave open the fridge , grab a yoohoo and shut the fridge door , to reveal -- maxim horvath sit with he foot on the kitchen table and he hand clasped nonchalantly behind he head . maxim horvath boo . dave yaaaabaaaai ! IL as Dave scream , horvath shriek and bite he nail like a silent movie damsel . then he stand , glower . maxim horvath I see you have not stumble across you spine in the last ten year . and they wonder why the House of merlin be in ruin ... horvath walk toward he . Dave stumble backward , petrify . 22 . maxim horvath where 's the grimhold ? dave I -- I do not know what you -- maxim horvath the doll ! dave I do not have it ! horvath shoot a penetrate look . Dave 's tell the truth . maxim horvath all right , then , give I the ring -- and do not even try to tell I you do not have that one . dave ( shake he head ) it will not leave . it never leave . maxim horvath ( grin ) it will for I . dave yeah ? well , I hope you be right ! Dave dig in he pocket , hold out the ring . but as horvath go to snatch the ring from Dave 's palm -- the dragon -- coil around Dave 's finger . dave see ?! horvath ( shake he head ) that be unfortunate . horvath hold up he hand and a large kitchen knife come fly out of the knife block into he hand . horvath grin . horvath the hand , then . Dave turn and run out the apartment door . horvath sigh . 23. int . corridor - continuous Dave run to the elevator , frantically hit the call button . dave oh my god . oh my god . int . dave' apartment -— continuous as he 's walk out , horvath see a World Wildlife Fund calendar tack to the wall . this month 's animal : a TIGER . horvath lift he glowing ring , pull he hand slowly back ... int . corridor .— continuous Dave hear a snarl , turn in horror as a real TIGER spring out of he apartment and bound down the corridor ! Dave bolt for the window , grab the handle -- it's stuck ! the TIGER be 20 foot away ... 10 foot ! Dave scream , pull with everything he 's get . the window open and Dave dive out onto -- ext . FIRE escape — continuous Dave tumble out the window as the tiger leap out onto the fire escape -- blocking the way down . the tiger snarl . Dave gasp , scramble madly up the creak stair to -- ext . roof - continuous the rain have stop as Dave run across the roof . ' the tiger race after he when Dave trip --~ fall ! Dave turn in horror as the tiger take two huge bound and leap into the air , fang and claw poise to rip he throat out . Dave scream ... --- and catch a tiny , cuddly kitten in he arm . the kitten lick he nose . Dave scream again . now on the roof , horvath look up in shock -- wham ! a steel wing slam into he , send he fly . on 24 . Dave cower as the giant eagle land almost right on top of he . and just when thing could not get any scarier ... balthazar blake -- poke he head out from atop the eagle . balthazar how 's it goin ' ? Dave scream . balthazar see horvath leap into the air , cock he ring hand back to throw a spell . balthazar quickly throw he hand up and -- a temporal displacement spell -- wrap around horvath , a cocoon in which time itself slow to a crawl . horvath arc through the air at 1/20th normal speed , scream like the teacher from a " peanut " t.v. special . Dave turn to see balthazar glaring down at he . balthazar where 's the doll ? dave please do not hurt I ! balthazar shake he head . horvath 's ring hand be come forward , its skull eye glow forebodingly . balthazar all right , get on the eagle . dave but I -- balthazar get on the eagle , Dave ! dave I be scared of fly ! balthazar New rule , Dave . from here on out you be scared of one thing and one thing only . I : now get up here !!! Dave look back at horvath , see the murder in he eye . dave oh god . Dave try to pull himself onto the eagle , arm strain like a sixth grader try to do a pull - up . 25 . balthazar shake he head , grab Dave and hoist he up by the seat of he pants . and with that , the eagle take to the sky , disappear into the low cloud ... ext . flying over new york - night it 's 3 a.m. on the old clock tower build as the eagle soar over the fog-enshrouded city , a hundred sparkling tower sit on a pillow of cloud . the eagle circle the chrysler build , touch down on its former perch . as balthazar and Dave climb off onto the parapet , balthazar touch the eagle as if to say thanks . a gleam in the great bird 's eye , then once again it 's a lifeless gargoyle . balthazar a man name denethor maltwood first bring this eagle to life in 1928 . it 's help more than one sorcerer get across town in a hurry . ( off Dave 's awe ) this city be full of magic , if you know where to look . . Dave look out on the light of New York as if see the city for the first time . balthazar horvath must have put a tracking spell on you , that day in my shop . balthazar splay he hand , he GREEN diamond ring take on a strange glow . balthazar see Dave stare at he ring . balthazar a sorcerer 's ring be a conduit for he magic , but it also possess a magic of its own . get a hold of you ring would make horvath that much stronger . a shimmering aura wash over Dave , then disappear . balthazar cloak spell . it will throw he off we trail . Dave shake he head , can not believe this be happen ... again . 26 . balthazar look , I know you be shocked to see I back there . how ' bout I give you another chance to show I what you get ? do not need to be fancy . some levitation , a little stormcast -- dave look , I do not know who you think I be -- balthazar do not want to show off , huh ? okay , how about -- block this ! balthazar send a concussion blast fly in on Dave -- whoom !!! Dave go sailing into a low wall and crumple . balthazar can not believe it . balthazar be you kid I ?! what have you be do for the last ten year ?! dave ( try to breathe ) +-- I be okay ... balthazar do not you read the book I give you ?! Dave get to he foot , shake he head . dave I leave it in the shop . ( off balthazar 's glare ) you know , in the confusion . balthazar oh , absolutely , Dave ! I be sure the situation be very confusing !!! dave well , I do not think sarcasm be really call for ! I be ten year old , I be freaking out ! I be still freaking out ! maybe it would help if you tell I what the hell be go on !!! balthazar shake he head , reach into he coat . bet . 27 . balthazar pay attention , there will be a quiz later . ( off Dave 's look ) no , seriously , there will be . balthazar throw a handful of blue dust that ignites the air with a vooshhh ! balthazar there be two kind of sorcerer in the world . you and I be merlinean . we can trace we lineage from sorcerer to apprentice , all the way back to merlin ambrosius ... the ignite dust linger in the air like a nebula , assume the shape of merlin , ancient and wise in a druidic robe . balthazar then there 's the morganian ... a flick of red dust spark another explosion -- and a spectral image of the treacherously beautiful morgana le fay . balthazar +-. they line run back to morgana le fay , a evil sorceress who be King Arthur 's half - sister and merlin 's arch -enemy . : dave but -- that stuff 's just a myth . balthazar you just ride into town on a gargoyle , Dave . think it 's time to put the ol ' skepticism in check ? ( continue ) now , every sorcerer have a duty to pass he knowledge on to he apprentice before he die . we pal horvath back there be apprentice to my old master , a merlinean by the name of aurelius flood . a sepulchral image flit across the facade of the Chrysler tower -- aurelius flood be a old man in a victorian overcoat . we have see that face before : the photo in balthazar 's shop . 28 . balthazar but horvath turn traitor , join a group of morganian who wipe out almost every live merlinean . they kill aurelius while try to steal a artifact of unspeakable power : the grimhold . dave that nest doll ... but what 's inside ? balthazar a evil so powerful , it 's all horvath need to kill the last two merlinean on the face of the Earth . dave ( be : the two of they ) you mean ...? balthazar for eon we keep the morganian in check . now it 's just you and I -- and if we do not find that doll before horvath do , a world where the vilest kind of sorcery have free reign over mankind . unfortunately , you training 's gonna be kind of a on- the - job deal -- dave whoa , whoa , " training ? " look , I have get a life . I be try to graduate ! balthazar " Graduate ? " Excuse . I , do you hear a word I just say ?! dave I be not a sorcerer , okay ?! balthazar maxim horvath think you be . and I be sorry , Dave , but that 's ail that matter . I be look at a dead man . Dave swallow hard . balthazar so , you have two choice . you can go back to you life and have the high gpa in the morgue . ( more ) 29 . balthazar ( cont 'd ) or you can let I teach you how not to get kill . you call . dave this be crazy . . you see that , right ?! you see how crazy this be ?! balthazar shake he head , smile . balthazar good luck . balthazar turn , start to walk off . dave wait ! ( balthazar turn ) it 's just ... I be scared . balthazar look Dave in the eye , offer he hand . balthazar then you just might be good at this . Dave be pale as he raise he hand to shake balthazar 's . balthazar grin . a look that make Dave very nervous . int . chrysler build - 60 th floor corridor - moment later as balthazar and Dave step onto a elevator and the door slide shut ... the door slide OPEN on the elevator next to theirs . two cop accompany the anxious cleaning lady we see last night . cop okay , let 's see this " demonio " that fly off all by itself . the clean lady lead they into a office where -- the gargoyle eagle -- be in its place outside the window . cleaning lady ( eye wide ) es brujeria ... cop ( to he partner ) this be almost as good as that nut - job doorman across the street . 30 . ext . chrysler build entrance - day the morning sun break through the cloud as balthazar and Dave step out onto the busy street . balthazar we need a place to train . let 's try my old shop . dave there 's a subway stop close by . balthazar please tell I you be joke . int . auto impound - day a young cop lead balthazar and Dave through a underground parking lot pack with abandoned car . young cop unclaim vehicle usually go to the graveyard after seven year . but you car ... well , it 's get kind of a legend around it . balthazar smile coyly : ' oh ? ' young cop I , I think it 's a bunch of bull . but some of the older guy say that when they try to take you car to be junked , it , uh ... growle at they . balthazar smile as they come upon the bentley , still impose under a thick layer of dust . young cop I will call for a tow . no way be you gonna get this old heap start -- throoom !!! the cop take a step back as the bentley roar to life -- a almost carnivorous growl . balthazar grin at Dave . balthazar she miss I . young cop how ...how would that thing ...? balthazar take the clipboard from the stupefy cop , sign and hand it back to he , then start nudging he away . 31 . balthazar '' thanks so much for you help . young cop do not ... do not mention it ... moment later -- Dave and balthazar sit in the idling car . balthazar grip the wheel , in heaven . Dave sniff the air . balthazar you be sit in a true work of art ... the bentley speed -6 corsica . six cylinder engine , overhead cam , dual carb , dual ignition . : the same engine woolf barnato use to win Le man in 1929 and 1930 . dave ( muster a nod ) mmn. balthazar " mmn ? " that 's all you can say ? '' mmn ? 1 " dave no , it 's cool , it 's just —- balthazar what ? dave -- it 's a little musty in here . balthazar stare at he . dave you know , musty ? like you grandma 's closet ? ( off balthazar 's glare ) it 's not that bad . balthazar nod , subject close . as he put the car into gear : dave it 's not good for my allergy , that 's all -- balthazar floor it and the car roar ahead at incredible speed . Dave 's head slam back into the seat . dave oh boy . this car 's fast . 32 . ext . sherry -netherland build - day a dramatic art deco building top by a breathtaking tower and a minaret ringed by six fearsome griffin gargoyle . int . sleek office - elevator bank — continuous two businessmen wait for the elevator . businessman # 1 so , can we deny coverage ? businessman # 2 ( nod ) oil spill cause by act of negligence be not cover . we be say the skipper be sleep - deprive , so we be off the hook on the clean-up . businessman # 1 ( grin ) Tree -hugger must be apoplectic . ping ! the elevator door open , to reveal -- maxim horvath a little early for lunch , be not it ? the older businessman shout , jump back in shock . businessman # 1 max !!! my god , you be alive ... and you have not age a day ! horvath breeze out of the elevator . the businessman stare after he in dismay . businessman # 2 he have definitely have work do . horvath head for the lobby , all glass and black marble . hanging on the wall be a huge andy warhol portrait of horvath and a corporate logo in cold , brush steel : '' horvath global insurance group -- for a dangerous world . " a receptionist , pretty but not gorgeous , look from horvath to the portrait hang behind she with surprise . maxim horvath the penthouse key , please . 33. the receptionist fumble in a drawer , hand he the key . receptionist anything else ? maxim horvath ( smile ) lose ten pound by Friday or you be fire . int . horvath' penthouse - day horvath step out of the elevator into the stunningly atmospheric penthouse atop the tower . huge window arch upward toward a cathedral ceiling , allow the afternoon sun to cast noirish shadow across the marble floor . horvath smile . it 's good to be home . ext . new york street - day in a city where people do not turn they head , people turn there head to see balthazar and Dave prowling the glass canyon in the bentley , now gleam and spotless . inner CITY kide work on they pimp - out ride whoop and holler as the bentley cruise by . balthazar nod , smile . moment later -- the bentley stop on balthazar 's old street . as they get out of the car , balthazar look up in horror . balthazar my god ... what happen here ? a pottery barn -- stand where the arcana cabana once do . young mother go in and out push stroller . balthazar look down from the sign to see Dave at the store window , smile and point at a potpourri sampler . dave say goodbye to you musty smell ! balthazar stalk over , glaring . balthazar be you through re-decorate , Dave ? ' Cause if you be , we should prob 'ly -- becky ( 0.s. ) Dave ? 34 . Dave and balthazar turn around to see Becky stand there , on she way to class , look surprised . becky wow , I do not see you for ten year and then it 's twice in two day . dave ( nervous grin ) some coincidence , huh ? balthazar if you believe in such thing . balthazar put he arm around Dave , loudly clear he throat . dave oh , uh , Becky , this be , uhhh ... balthazar uncle balthazar ! Nice to meet you , Becky . I be just in town visit my faaaavorite nephew . balthazar grin , give Dave 's shoulder a extra-hard squeeze . becky cool . where be you from ? beat . balthazar stare at Becky in all he satanic glory . balthazar wichita . Becky smile , nod , unsure what to make of that . finally -- becky so , thanks again for bail I out last night . dave hey , no problem ... ( watch Becky ) say , if you be not busy sometime -- balthazar actually , Dave , we be busy all week . ( off Dave 's glare ) remember ? uncle maxim be in town ? dave oh , yeah ... uncle maxim . ( smile at Becky ) never mind . 35 . Becky smile . what a couple of oddball . ' becky okay , well , see you around , Dave . Nice meeting you , balthazar . balthazar give a little wave as Becky walk off . Dave sigh , watch Becky go , as balthazar realize : balthazar she be the one . that day in the shop , " a gift for someone special . " and you have never have the gut to tell she . dave yeah , well , bad thing happen the last time I try . balthazar so you turn you back on love and sorcery , and bury yourself in that book of yours . dave I be still alive , be not I ? balthazar yep . balthazar head for the bentley , lean in to Dave : balthazar and still alone . Dave stand there for a beat , think about what balthazar say . Dave make a decision , get in the car . dave I know a place we can train . ext . nyu - old science build - day a building make obsolete by the new science building next door . Dave lead balthazar down some step to a subterranean entrance . balthazar so why do they let you use this storage area for you project ? 36 . dave it 's not so much " let " as " require . " my project 's kind of dangerous . actually , it 's really dangerous . int . old science build —- corridor ~- continuous Dave lead balthazar down a decrepit hallway , unlock a door mark " nyu physical science dept . " int . underground room - continuous balthazar walk in , look around , smile . balthazar it 's perfect . ' the underground room -- be big , 150 ' x 75 ' , with a high ceiling and a row of opaque window along the top of the wall to let in light . all manner of equipment -- be here : antennas , transformers , photo -electric diode , and most curious of all -- two steel column -- set 20 foot apart , each top by a odd - look disc . as we will find out later , this be tesla coil . dave my project 's on -- balthazar transducers . dave ( surprised ) yeah ... how would you know ? balthazar turn around , smile . balthazar lucky guess . int . underground room - moment later balthazar dig through he various pocket . balthazar first we need a spellbook . since you lose the one I give you , we will have to use mine . ah , here it be . 37 . from he coat balthazar pull a tiny book , not much bigger than a matchbook . Dave grin . dave uhbh ... I seem to remember it be a little bigger . balthazar start to unfold the book . he keep unfold it as Dave look on with more and more surprise , until finally ... thunnk ! balthazar drop a massive tome on a table : the encantus . ( below the title in gothic text : " pocket edition . " ) balthazar the encantus be you textbook -- not just the art and science of sorcery , but its history , too . a history that 's still be write . balthazar turn to the last page , a picture of balthazar and horvath do battle on Dave 's roof . Dave stare at himself , amaze . balthazar flip back a few page , to a rendering of the grimhold . balthazar time for you first lesson . balthazar step to the OPEN floorspace in the middle of the room . he raise he hand , throw they violently down -- vooooshhh ! Dave jump back as a phosphorescent flame shoot up from the concrete floor , then dwindle , to reveal ... a_large circle -- 30 ' in diameter , have be scorched into the floor . the circle be adorn with alchemical symbol and divide into seven area in a arcane geometric pattern . we can tell we be look at something ancient . balthazar this be a merlin 's Circle , the crucible in which hundred of sorcerer have be make -- and hundred more break . a apprentice might spend ten year training in this circle . you be gonna do it in a week . ( step into the circle ) you step into this circle , you leave everything else outside -- everything you know , everything you have see , everything you be . and once you enter ... there 's no go back . 38 . balthazar let that solemn think hang there . dave so I should prob'ly pee now , then . beat . balthazar glare at Dave . dave I can hold it . balthazar ( continue ) the circle have seven domain , each corresponding to one of the seven art a sorcerer be call upon to master . there 's the alchemy of the mind ... Dave gasp as balthazar 's lip stop move but he voice continue in Dave 's head : balthazar ( telepathic ) ++. the domain of telepathy , second sight and psychic attack . the alchemy of the element ... balthazar step into the next domain and a tongue of FIRE ignites on he palm .. a flash of lightning make Dave flinch . balthazar +-- here you will learn to manipulate fire and water , wind and earth . ( step one over ) the alchemy of motion be one of my favorite . levitation , telekinesis , compress air molecule to create a concussion effect ... balthazar levitate a foot off the ground , throw a rippling concussion blast to knock a heavy generator off a table . balthazar the alchemy of transformation ... Dave stare wide - eye as balthazar suddenly morph into dave . balthazar «-- pretty self - explanatory . balthazar revert to form , step into the next domain . balthazar the last two be the most difficult to learn , and the most powerful . ( more ) aree 39 . balthazar ( cont 'd ) the alchemy of spacetime be little understand . astral projection , temporal displacement ... balthazar take some change from he pocket , throw it up in the air . the coin start to fall in slow motion . balthazar it take I 10 year to learn how to cast a " speed bump " like the one I put on horvath . it 's say that only merlin himself ever fully master this domain . the coin -- hit the floor at full speed . balthazar . last be the alchemy of matter , and the famous law of physics hold true : it can be neither create nor destroy . a sorcerer just happen to know where the loophole be . balthazar hold out he palm and a swirl of white -hot electron appear over he hand . balthazar if , for instance , I accelerate this oxygen atom , then let a few electron spin off ... as a few electron escape orbit , the swirl cohere into a dense sphere of hyper - charge matter -- a_plasma bolt . dave ( stare in awe ) plasma ... the fourth state of matter . balthazar and the sorcerer 's weapon of choice . balthazar throw the plasma bolt at the generator that he concussion blast already topple over . the bolt annihilate the machine into so many shard of metal . Dave be blow away , then realize : dave you forget the one in the middle . balthazar turn to the domain in the center of the circle . a almost imperceptible flash of regret in he eye , then : 40 . balthazar the alchemy of the heart be the domain of emotion , love . ( dismissive ) we will not be send horvath any valentine . now , here 's how we be gonna find that doll . int . horvath' penthouse - day horvath stand at the end of a long table stack with alchemical texts . his encantus be open to a medieval rendering of the grimhold . he touch the grimhold , and as he eye roll back in he head , we —- match CUT to : int . underground training room - day balthazar stand over a table with the encantus open . balthazar it 's call sympathetic magic . by manipulate this image of the grimhold , we exert magic on the doll itself , retrace where it 's be since that day in my shop . dave and how do we do that ? balthazar ( be not it obvious ? ) we just cover this . spacetime , Dave . astral projection . dave '' astral projection ? " what , like we body stay here but we mind go fly off somewhere ? ( shake he head ) that 's completely impossible under the law of physics . balthazar grab Dave 's cellphone off the table . balthazar this device convert the sound wave create by you voice into electromagnetic radio signal . you tell I : physics or magic ? 41 . dave fu thank you , I know how a cellphone k work . it 's a transducer and it 's totally within the law of physics . balthazar everything we do be within the law of physics . you just do not know all the law yet . ( hold up he ring ) this be a transducer , Dave . it convert the mental energy in the sorcerer 's mind into kinetic energy in the physical world . first you think it , then you do it . as Dave look at he ring in a whole new light ... balthazar you have spend you whole life run from the magic you see ten year ago . well guess what ? you be still do this stuff . you just get bump into the slow lane . balthazar put he hand on the picture of the grimhold . balthazar time to get back in the fast lane . Dave shake he head , hesitates ... balthazar Michelangelo say he never sculpt ; all he do be free the figure bury deep inside the marble . you have a sorcerer bury in you , Dave . let 's let he out . Dave slowly lift he hand , put it on the encantus . as we track in slowly on he face ... balthazar remember , mental energy into physical . Close you eye and remove every other think from you mind . there be only the doll ... and when you can see it in you mind ... open you eye . dave' eye -- pop open , and boom ! a time and space -- bend around the edge of the frame as we go & zoom through a highly - stylize spirit world ... 42 . this be astral projection . the physical body of balthazar and Dave remain stand in the room as they astral body fly through spacetime . - we see Dave drop the grimhold outside the arcana cabana ... - the homeless man pick up the doll ... - he sell it to a thrift shop owner , who sell it to a man , who give it to he sister as a birthday present ... - crash ! the sister die in a car wreck , the doll go back to she heartbroken brother , who sell it to -- - a old chinese woman , in a herbalist 's shop . as the chinese woman finally place the grimhold on a shelf , we — - smash back to : Dave gasp , pull he hand off the book . dave ( out of breath ) whoa ... balthazar ( grin ) physics . ext . chinatown - shop - sunset the herbalist 's shop we just see in the astral projection . in front of the shop , a boisterous chinese festival be underway . firecrackers pop in the street , food cart be set up on the sidewalk , chinese music fill the air . int . shop - continuous the old chinese woman we see in the astral projection turn around as the shop door open . old chinese woman can I help you ? maxim horvath -- walk up to the counter , smile . maxim horvath I certainly hope so . 43. ext . chinatown STREET - night a 50 - foot long paper dragon snake down the street as balthazar and Dave arrive at the shop . the door be lock . a sign hang in the window : " back in 10 minute . " balthazar we will have to wait . dave I think the fate of the world be at stake . can not you just use you power to -- balthazar commit break and enter ? dave no -- well , not exactly . justa little spell on the doorknob , just a little ... you_know . balthazar no , Dave , I do not know . please tell I . ( Dave go mum ) there be limit on we power , okay ? some limit be physical : we can not raise people from the dead . we can not stop time . we can not fly . other limit we place on ourselves . the morganian will use they magic for any selfish thing and let right or wrong be damned . but we be merlinean . we respect we power and we respect we call to use they only for good . get it ? Dave nod . balthazar good . now come on , I have not eat since the Clinton administration . moment later -- Dave and balthazar lean against a building , eat from take - out carton . dave so be sorcery science , or magic ? balthazar yes . and when you can see that two world be actually one and the same , then you will be a sorcerer . 44 , balthazar reach into he carton for a bright red pepper . balthazar try this . it 's delicious . dave be you insane ? : balthazar it 's not hot . seriously , you do not know what you be miss . dave that thing ' 1ll eat through my intestine . balthazar I be tell you , this be not hot ! ( then ) aurelius have a say : " life shrink or expands in proportion to one 's courage . " well , let I tell you , from where I be stand , you have get yourself a little shrinkage problem . Dave look down . balthazar too scared to tell Becky how you feel -- dave okay , drop it . balthazar -- too scared to believe in something you can not reduce to a equation . look , I can teach you every spell there be to know , but if you do not find some intestinal fortitude pretty quick , maxim horvath be gonna eat we for lunch . Dave think about this . balthazar 's word have a effect . dave " life shrink ...? " balthazar " life shrink or expands in proportion to one 's courage . " ( hold up the pepper ) so how about it ? 45 . Dave smile , grab the pepper and shove the whole thing in he mouth . the reaction be instantaneous : dave aaaaaagghhh ! I Ie ! ! balthazar point at Dave , start crack up . balthazar I can not believe you eat that !!! Dave double over , spit it out . balthazar gather himself . balthazar wow , that be insane ... balthazar start to walk off when Dave spin he around , throw he best punch . balthazar catch it , smile . balthazar now that 's more like it . balthazar walk off . Dave realize he 's just be test , and pass . ext . herbalist shop - night balthazar and Dave return to the shop to find the sign still in the window and the door still lock . balthazar sigh , look leave and right ... then whip out a thin steel jimmy and deftly break the lock . the door pop open . Dave turn to balthazar in shock . dave what happen to " we only use we power for good ?! " balthazar do I use my power ? int . shop - continuous there 's no one at the counter . balthazar and Dave separate and slowly make they way through the cluttere shop . Dave explore the back of the shop , balthazar the front , when -- old chinese woman ( o.s. ) do I leave that door unlock again ? balthazar turn , smile at the proprietor . old chinese woman ++- I be just have my tea . can I help you find something ? balthazar I be look for a nest doll , very unusual , with a chinese sorcerer on the outside . . old chinese woman ah , yes , the break doll . balthazar Broken ? old chinese woman you pull and you pull and you can not get it open . balthazar ( relieved smile ) that 's a good thing , mar 'am . old chinese woman would not you know , I just sell that piece a hour ago . as the alarm register on balthazar 's face ... 46 . at the back of the shop -- Dave have wander to a part of the shop not visible from the front . a bead curtain obscure we view into a adjoin room . Dave hear a muffled SOUND come from the room . aside the bead curtain , and gasp ... Dave pull the old chinese woman -- be suspend against the ceiling by a invisible force of gravity . at the front of the store --— balthazar - .+.my height , about as crazy - look as I , maybe a little more ? old chinese woman yes , that 's the man I sell it to . perhaps I can interest you in something else ... this ring perhaps ? a skull ring -- be on the woman 's hand , red eye glow . 47 . balthazar start to move -- too late ! the old woman conjure a giant mystical chain that wrap around balthazar , lift he off he foot ... squeezy . balthazar aaghh !!! old chinese woman oh , blake , you be pathetic . be this what you be look for ? the old woman produce the grimhold from she cloak . a spectacular chinese sorcerer be depict on the doll . balthazar strain to get free . no air in he lung , he can not even speak . the old woman shake she head , disappointed . old chinese woman hmm , something 's not right . this should be more -- I do not know , painful for you . ( eye light up ) I know ! before we eye the old woman transform into balthazar 's old master , wrack by pain and misery . aurelius flood you fail we , balthazar . you be not strong enough ... balthazar struggle but it 's no use . suddenly the figure before he transform again ... -+-into the raven-haired beauty we last see in the old photo in balthazar 's shop . she be gorgeous in a white dress , tear stream down she face . raven -haired beauty why , my love ? why do not you save I ...? balthazar scream without voice as the mystical chain tighten around he . balthazar be fade ... wham ! the raven-haire beauty get belt , fall out of frame to reveal -— dave -- hold a bronze buddha statue , look surprised . the mystical chain dissipate . balthazar fall to he knee . maxim horvath -- look up at Dave , a cut on he brow . 48 . maxim horvath why you pathetic ... little ... horvath splay he hand in a spell - casting motion and -- the grimhold -- start to vibrate in mid-air , emit '' a sphere of pulsating ENERGY . balthazar not !! a blinding light -- seep through the seam of the outermost doll , swallow the room . and when it fade ... SUN lok -- stand there , a 7 - foot tall sorcerer whose glowing white eye have no pupil . a spectacular chinese dragon lurk on he shimmer robe . ~ . horvath scoops up the grimhold . ( a ancient egyptian sorcerer be now depict on the outermost doll . ) maxim horvath you have meet Sun lok , have not you , blake ? oh , right , you be the one who put he in the grimhold in the first place ! Sun lok growls menacingly . maxim horvath awk -waaaard . ext . shop - continuous craaaashh !!! balthazar and Dave go fly through the store window onto the sidewalk . the street be line with spectator , most of they distract by the paper dragon that 's wind its way up the street . SUN lok -- step out of the store , see the paper dragon . his ring , a chinese alchemical symbol , begin to glow ... horvath see what Sun lok be do , smile . under the paper dragon -- twenty men shuffle along . the last one , hold the tail , fall to one knee . chinese man this thing 's get heavy ... the man look up as bright red paper morph into shimmering red scale . the man scream . . 49 . whummp !!! all along the line , man dive out of the way as the paper dragon transform into -- a real , live chinese dragon ! a ripple of confusion run through the crowd . be this part of the show ? balthazar and dave -- get to they foot . with a wave of he hand Sun lok send the dragon fly after they . balthazar move ! balthazar and Dave take off run as the dragon fly in behind they ! in front of they -- a lamp post -- suddenly teeter , fall ... wham ! the lamp post land in the street , block they escape . horvath grin from the sidewalk , he ring glow . the dragon -- skip across the facade of building , shoot fireballs from its jaw . the crowd scream , scatter in all direction . whooom ! balthazar and Dave go fly as a fiery blast rock the pavement just a few foot away . a second fireball detonate a parked car . the horrify owner look on from several yard away . maxim horvath I be sure you be well cover . ( whip out he card ) but just in case . down the STREET -~- the dragon on Sun lok 's robe flit across he body as he steer the live dragon with he ring . horvath look on , smile . he grab a bag of popcorn from a terrify , flee kid , pop a couple of piece in he mouth . balthazar and Dave stand in the street as the dragon make a big , arcing turn in the sky , and start to come around . balthazar it 's all you . dave what ?! no , do not do this ! the dragon shriek , fly in low and fast , 250 yard away . 50 . balthazar sympathetic magic , Dave . I believe we cover it ? balthazar grab Dave 's chin , point it toward Sun lok . Dave look from the dragon emblazon on Sun lok 's robe to the dragon fly in on they like a comet . balthazar remember , mental into physical . will they to connect ... Dave stretch he hand toward Sun lok but nothing happen . balthazar come on , I tell you there would be a quiz later . what 's the first step ? clear you mind . the dragon -- zeroe in on they , flame trail from its maw . dave clear my mind ?! be you kidding ?! desperate , Dave close he eye , concentrate . they have 10 second to live ...5 second ... Dave open he eye , throw he hand toward Sun lok . dave FIRE ! Sun lok scream as the dragon on he robe ignite ! flying overhead -- the dragon 's tail erupt in flame ! the beast fly erratically , try to put out the fire . on the STREET -- Sun lok panic , try to pat the flame out . horvath drop he popcorn . the flame spread across Sun lok 's robe . horvath see a FIRE hydrant 50 foot away , lift he hand and pull . the valve rip off the hydrant and -- fooosshhh !!! a jet of water shoot out , extinguish the flame on Sun lok 's robe . maxim horvath I can see I be go to have to do this myself . horvath and Sun lok hear a sudden whoosh , look up to see -- 51 . the huge dragon be only 10 foot above they , and spiralling down in flame -- ka -boom !!! a fiery explosion rock the street . Sun lok be consume in a huge fireball as horvath be catapult into the side of a fedex truck . the grimhold ~-- fly out of he hand , tumble across the pavement where it finally come to a stop ... right in front of balthazar and Dave . dave I do it ... I do it ! balthazar calm down . balthazar pick up the doll as horvath get to he foot some 50 yard away . police siren suddenly echo in the street . a dozen police car -- come scream around the corner , with several news truck just behind they . balthazar and horvath exchange a stare , then a nod . they both know this be not over . horvath step back into a alley , vanish into the shadow ... Dave sigh , relieved as the police car approach . balthazar ( 0.s. ) how do I - look ? Dave turn , shocked to see balthazar as a new york cop , down to the last detail of the nypd uniform . balthazar I will do the talk , Officer Dave . Dave look down . he 's in a cop uniform , too . the car screech to a halt . suddenly cop be everywhere , some keep camera crews away from the scene , other run up the street toward -- balthazar ( heavy Brooklyn accent ) s'okay , fella , situation 's under control ! a police captain run up to officer balthazar and Dave . police captain talk to I . what happen ? 52 . balthazar firework accident . they be havin ' a street festival when one of they chinese dragon go up like a roman candle . I and my partner see the whole thing . the captain grin as if something finally make sense . police captain a paper dragon ... we get call say there be a real dragon . balthazar ' tween you and I , cap , I think some of this folk be hittin' the sake pretty hard . balthazar and the captain share a good laugh . dave sake 's japanese , actually . not chinese . balthazar pipe down , rookie ! ( to the captain ) see for yourself , cap . balthazar lead the captain to a crater where the last of the dragon 's paper wing be smolder . the captain nod . police captain mystery solve ... the captain look up . balthazar and Dave be go . ext . chinatown alley - night balthazar walk down the alley . Dave trail behind . balthazar " sake 's japanese . " : dave ' well , it be ! balthazar I be in character !!! balthazar 's ring glow as he wave he hand over the grimhold . 53 . balthazar track spell . in case you manage to lose the doll -- again . the bentley be park in the shadow . balthazar start to get in , notice Dave have not move . balthazar get in . dave I nearly die back there . balthazar get in the car , Dave . dave not until you tell I what else be in that doll ! balthazar Fine . you want to know what the doll be ? you really want to know ? balthazar plunk the grimhold down on the hood . balthazar alcatraz . ( off Dave 's surprise ) a prison for evil sorcerer . every layer hold a different morganian , each one worse than the one before . and in the innermost doll -- the spirit of morgana le fay , trap there by merlin himself after she physical body be destroy . a spectral image of morgana le fay -- be reflect in the car 's windshield . a savage , staggeringly powerful creature . balthazar if morgana get out , we be dead . the sun will set on the merlinean line -- and rise on a world where dark sorcery have free reign . enough chaos and destruction to make the Dark Ages seem like the good ol ' day . dave but we have the doll . 54 . balthazar for now . but as long as horvath 's out there , the grimhold be not safe . nobody be . he will never stop , he will keep come after we . and we have get to be ready for he . ext . flying over new york - night aerial shot -- we soar over the city and the WASHINGTON square arch , past rockefeller CENTER and the statue of atlas that so impressed Dave as a kid , finally arrive at ... ext . horvath' tower - observation balcony - night horvath stand atop the gargoyle - ringed balcony , perch dizzyingly high over central park and fifth Avenue . he cast a predatory gaze over all of New York ... search ... int . underground training room - morning Dave be asleep on the floor . we hear a low peal of thunder and then it start to rain -- not outside , on Dave . Dave shout and jump up , he head poke through the perfect tiny thundercloud that hover above where he be sleep . balthazar rise and shine . dave ( wipe himself off ) not cool , man . balthazar step into the merlin 's Circle . Dave sag . dave we be training all night . can not I sleep for like , five more minute ? balthazar make sure you ask horvath for five more minute when he 's about to feed you you liver . anyway , last night be spell - casting , today we be do counter - spell . as a great merlinean once say , " for every action there 's a equal and opposite reaction . " 55 . dave uhh , that be Sir Isaac Newton . balthazar like I say . ( off Dave 's surprise ) you think it 's a fluke you boy tesla be call " the modern sorcerer ? " now get in the circle . balthazar assume a attack posture , he ring start to glow . Dave step into the circle and brace himself as we -- smash CUT to : training montage : merline circle - day balthazar throw a plasma bolt at Dave , who try to block it with a plasmoid shield but get nail and go skid across the floor . balthazar come on , that be a low - rez bolt . you think horvath 's gonna take it that easy on you ? balthazar throw another bolt . Dave just get he shield up to half - ass block it . balthazar better . merline circle - night Dave levitate a foot off the ground over and over again . balthazar lean back in he chair , eat from a take - out carton . balthazar --.17 ...18 ... leg straight , you look like you be go number two . merline circle - day Dave be now block the plasma bolt fairly well but look like a clod do it . balthazar okay , there 's no rule that say you can not look good do this . loosen up , will you ? breathe . 56 . Dave exhales , start move more fluidly . balthazar there you go . you want to be a sorcerer ? start act like a sorcerer . underground room ~ day Dave be alone , browsing through the encantus when he come to a chapter call " the live of the sorcerer . " he turn to a picture of aurelius flood , and stand behind he -- the raven -haired beauty from balthazar 's photo and the herbalist 's shop , name here as : dave Veronica flood , daughter of -- slam ! the book be slam shut . balthazar stand over Dave . balthazar you prob 'ly should not browse on you own . you never know what might pop out . outside the old science build — day balthazar walk around the bentley , meticulously wiping fleck of dust with a cloth . Dave follow he around . dave look , I have miss three class this week . one more and I fail my physics lab -- not good for a physics major . balthazar say nothing , keep wiping the hood . dave come on , the grimhold 's safe , horvath have not show he face in two day -- at some point I have gotta have a life ! balthazar a misconception common among apprentice . Dave be piss . he turn around , start head down the subterranean stair toward the training room ... Dave stop , see balthazar on the other side of the car , dusting the fender . Dave run off down the street . 57 . int . physics lab - day class be in progress as Dave sneak in the back door and take a seat beside he friend , the nervous-look Ken . ken dude , where have you be the last two day ? you say you would help I with my proofs . dave sorry , it 's ... complicated . professor hellman ( 50 ) approach , he superiority complex ooze out from behind the glass at the end of he nose . professor hellman glad you decide to join we , Dave . you be up , Mr. Chin . moment later -- a large rectangular pan sit on a platform at the front of the room . Ken hoist a heavy black ceramic disc into the pan as Dave and the other look on . ken I place the metallic oxide plate into the pan ... Ken grab a large cannister mark " ln2 . " ken +-. then pour liquid nitrogen over the plate . foosh !!! the smoking freeze liquid be pour into the pan and almost immediately hit a high boil . ken . the freeze liquid boil as it absorb heat from the plate . when the boil stop , the plate have hit the superconduct critical temperature . professor hellman which be ? Ken swallow hard , can not remember . dave ( under he breath ) 91 kelvin . 58. professor hellman ( reel on Dave ) thank you , Ken ! the boil have stop . the plate sit in the smoking pan . ken a moment ago the plate have no magnetic property . but now that it 's acquire superconductor status , I can take this magnetic disc ... Ken hoist a heavy metal disc that 's the size of a discus but 6 " thick . he hold it over the plate . ken --- and a magnetic field will cause the disc to hover , simultaneously repell and attract by the super - conductor -- a phenomenon know as magnetic levitation . professor hellman unless , of course , you math be sloppy and you have make the mass of the disc too great . then it will drop like a stone . hellman pompously hold up Ken 's proof sheet . professor hellman do not bother , Mr. Chin . the magnetic field will not be strong enough to overcome gravity . Dave catch Ken 's eye , nod for he to let go of the disc . Ken shake he head , embarrassed enough already . professor hellman you remember gravity , do not you ? it 's what some of we quaintly refer to as a physical law . the student laugh . Dave nod at Ken again , insistent . professor hellman as it turn out , Mr. Chin , they be call " law " for a reason -~ Ken let go of the disc . hellman gasp , to reveal -— - the magnetic disc -~ be levitate a foot above the plate . 59 . professor hellman i...it ...but ... ( turn to class ) I seem to have miscalculate . the student break out in laughter as hellman turn pale . Dave smile , the dragon' eye dimming on he ring . dave ( sotto ) you just do not know all the law yet . int . underground training room — day balthazar enter the room . balthazar all right , next we be gonna try ... balthazar look up , see that Dave be go . glower . int . elevator - nyu build - day Dave take a breath as the elevator ascend . dave breathe . you wanna be a sorcerer ... ping ! the door slide open , to reveal -- int . nyu communications build — continuous Becky and a couple of hip female friend be walk out of the radio station office , head toward the elevator . dave ( sotto ) ++- start act like a sorcerer . Dave walk toward Becky , move differently , more confidently than before . dave hey , Becky . becky oh , hey . what 's up ? 60 . ; dave f~ I want to see if you be do ' anything tonight . becky oh , well , actually -- dave ' Cause " rock and Roll High School " be play at the angelika . becky seriously ? I love that movie . dave so how about it ? becky well , I sort have tell Andre -- dave come on , I know how much you love the ramone . you know how much you love the ramone . it will be fun . Becky look at Dave . there 's something new in he eye -- a self - assurance . she smile . becky what time ? dave Seven . I will swing by you place ... Dave think for a moment , smile . dave tell you what , meet I at the old science building . there 's something I want to show you . Becky nod as Dave smile and walk off . Becky 's friend watch he go . female friend who be that ? becky ( beat , then smile ) Dave . 61 . int . horvath' penthouse - day horvath stand at he conjure table before a sea of alchemical tome . he 's get one hand on a cartographer 's map of new york ; the other , he ring hand , point outward . his body be a conduit for the -- three-dimensional dreamscape of new york -- that 's be conjure in mid-air . horvath move he hand to search different corner of the microcosm : inside building , CITY buse , movie theaters , etc . maxim horvath two day break this damn cloak ... I should have pay more attention to my old master ... or maybe not kill he . he leave the dreamscape suspend , pore over a passage in a old book . suddenly he look up . maxim horvath idiot . horvath shake he hand , cause the dreamscape to ripple like the surface of a pond . maxim horvath not all of the track we leave behind be physical . we leave a trail of emotion , too ... like love . becky's image -- appear in real - time as she walk down the street with she friend . horvath grin . ext . new york street — sunset Dave run through the street , head toward -- int . old science bldg . - underground room - continuous Dave walk in , look around . dave balthazar ? hello ? Dave see a note on the wall : " shopping for you last meal - B . " Dave swallow hard , decide to worry about it later . after two day of sorcerer training the room be a shamble : scientific equipment be strewn about the scorch -marked floor ; balthazar 's take out carton be everywhere . 62 . Dave look at the clock ; it 's already 6:50 . there 's not go to be enough time before Becky arrive ... unless ... Dave grin . moment later -- the unforgettable dum-de-dum theme of " the sorcerer 's apprentice " from " fantasia " be hear as Dave conduct a macabre symphony ... a industrial vacuum cleaner -- move about the floor with a roar , its single light shine like a cyclops . toppled bunsen burner -- float back up onto they shelf in the storage area . heavy electrical transformers -- slide across the floor , clear a path to the door . a wooden mop -- plop itself in a bucket , sloshes around , swishes across the floor . the grimhold -- sit unmove on a table , its eerie egyptian sorcerer look on with lifeless eye ... Dave smile , look confident . too confident . suddenly the mop veer off course , nearly hit Dave before it crash into a shelf , toppling beaker . dave hey ...hey , stop ! the mop -~ stop abruptly , prompt a grin from Dave ... a grin that quickly fade as the mop flip over and transform : splinter wooden arm , notched eye , cloth tendril writhe like Medusa . Dave take a step back -- too late ! the mop fly through the air like a javelin , impale itself in the plaster wall just inch from he head . that nearly kill he . Dave think fast , pull the mop out of the wall and snap it over he knee , toss the halve in separate direction . the vacuum cleaner -- make a sharp turn , clip Dave 's ankle . dave owwwl!l! Dave go down -- luckily , because if he would be stand , that flying transformer would have shear he head off . 63. the room be a chaotic swirl of sorcery as Dave have let the magic get away from he . he cast he hand , try to regain control but -- the bunsen burner -- have just ignite and come fly off the shelf like mad , sentient molotov cocktail . boom !!! Dave dive for cover , hit the floor hard . when he look up there be fear in he eye , a fear that intensify as the door swing open and -- becky walk in . becky Dave ? , be everything -- Becky have a second of shock before a unseen force pick she up and throw she into the room , slam the door behind she . Becky scream as Dave catch she and they both go down . she look up , horrify . becky what 's happen ??!! dave ( nervous grin ) it 's okay ! it 's under control ! Becky scream as a alcohol burner molotov fly in at she head , explode into the wall just behind she . across the room -- unseen by Dave and Becky , the break mop divide into four piece ... EIGHT piece ... Dave pull Becky to the door . the lock be jamme . as Dave try to force it , Becky turn around -- see something . becky oh my god ... Dave turn around , to see ... they be surround by what can only be call mop demon . the creature leer at they , hissing like cobras . Dave stand in front of Becky , ready to fight . across the room -- a mop demon levitate up beside the overhead light , rear back and -- smash ! the room go dark as the mop attack . 64 . Dave get nail by a mop , manage to grab it but get whacked by a different mop . a third mop drill he in the leg , drop he to he knee . across the room -- for some reason Becky be not be attack . she eye Dave and the ring , start walk toward he when she sense something -- or someone -- and bolt . Dave be on he knee , flail as the mop demon pummel he without mercy . he 's daze , about to black out when -- a massive blast of concussed AIR -- slam into the mop , shatter they into thousand of splinter . Dave look up , see balthazar in the doorway . balthazar respect the magic , I say ! this be how you respect the magic ?! balthazar look around frantically . Dave get slowly to he foot , glance nervously about for -- dave Becky ? balthazar forget Becky !!! dave what do you mean , forget -- balthazar where' the grimhold , dave ??! 1! Dave look to the table where the grimhold be . it's gone . smash CUT to : ext . new york STREET - night Becky jump in a cab , a smile on her. face . becky 781 fifth Avenue ! the grimhold -- sit in she lap . the cabbie hear a laugh , check the rearview mirror ... horvath grin darkly in the back . the cabbie shake he head , could have swear it be a woman . 65 . int . underground training room — continuous balthazar pull a horrify Dave toward the door . balthazar come on ! ext . old science build ~ continuous balthazar and Dave run up to the street where the bentley be wait . as they be about to jump in -- becky ( 0.s. ) Dave ? Dave turn , see the real becky walk up . becky hey , sorry , I be late -—- balthazar get in the car , Dave . dave ( to Becky ) I be so sorry , I have to -- balthazar get in the car now !!! dave -- I have get to go ! becky but the movie ! I cancel plan -- dave it 's -- it 's a family emergency ! I promise I will make it up to you ! Dave jump in and the bentley roar off into the night . Becky stand there , shaking she head . int . horvath' penthouse - night horvath 's hand be splay out as a eerie dance of light and shadow flit across he face ... the grimhold -- hover in mid-air , vibrate to the point of convulse . finally the doll fly open , and out of the distortion field step the stuff of nightmare ... 66 . menmet-ra -- a massive sorcerer whose demonic red eye be set in a obsidian jackal 's snout , like anubis , egyptian god of the underworld . his ring be a gleam cobra' head . maxim horvath menmet - ra of giza ... you be look svelte as ever . ( then , darkly ) I mean to free we Queen . menmet - ra 's voice throbs with a other - worldly power : menmet-ra you have the ring , then . horvath shake he head . menmet-ra but only merlin 's ring can open the innermost doll ! horvath smile . all accord to plan . maxim horvath as it happen , the merlinean Ring be on its way here right now ... int . bentley ( drive ) - night balthazar 's hand grip the wheel as the bentley weave through traffic . balthazar lose the grimhold be get to be a real habit with you , Dave . dave look , I be sorry I -- balthazar do I ever tell you the sorcerer 's creed ? " to know , to dare , to will -- and to keep Silent . " why do not you work on that last part ? ( Dave go mum ) lucky for you I put that tracking spell on the doll ... balthazar 's . GREEN diamond ring glow eerily as it guide he hand to the leave and the right -- steering the car . 67 . balthazar ( off Dave 's look ) sorcerer lo-jack . ext . horvath' tower ~ observation balcony - night menmet - ra and horvath look out on the dark expanse of Central Park . horvath have the grimhold ; on the outer doll we see a ancient carve of a huge , demonic figure . maxim horvath the spell to free chernabog be a difficult one . i'11 get start on it ... you greet we friend . menmet - ra nod . ext . central park - night we crane down -- cleopatra's needle , a massive obelisk pock with egyptian glyph . we be in a dark , isolate grove of tree , far from any path or sidewalk . balthazar and Dave sprint past the obelisk toward the loom shadow of the sherry - netherland and horvath 's tower . balthazar I will take horvath , you go for the doll . hopefully he have not freed the next morganian yet ... behind they -- one of the glyph step free from the obelisk , land on its foot with a whump . balthazar and Dave stop in they track , turn slowly around to see ... menmet-ra -- massive and deadly . balthazar ++- 0r not . menmet-ra ( be : Dave ) I will give you one chance to save he life . give I merlin 's ring . dave ( turn to balthazar ) what 's he talk about ? but balthazar 's eye be lock on menmet - ra . 68. balthazar you know I can not do that . menmet - ra nod . as he raise he hand toward the obelisk , the cobra' eye glow on he ring and -- two large ankh -- come fly out of the side of the obelisk , where a moment ago they be mere glyph . menmet - ra catch one ankh in each hand , hold they by the loop that sit atop each cross . he bang the ankh together and a layer of sediment fall away , to reveal -- two gleaming , razor -sharp blade . the ankh have be transformed into deadly handheld weapon . Dave gulp . balthazar nod , raise he hand ... a long object -~ blast free from the obelisk , fly into balthazar 's hand . he bang the object on the ground , knock off 3,000 year of sediment , to reveal -- a gleaming pharaoh' staff . balthazar grip the staff with both hand , take a combat position . this be gonna be good . int . horvath' penthouse - simultaneous the grimhold -- glow white - hot as horvath bombard it with mystical ENERGY . a tongue of FIRE subsume the doll as a figure take shape in the light . hulk . monstrous . huge . ext . cleopatra's needle - simultaneous menmet - ra leap into the AIR , swinging the ankh sword with murderous ferocity -- not at balthazar , at Dave ! balthazar jump in front of Dave just in time , somehow get the staff up to block a furious attack of blade . a_jaw-dropping fight . sorcery meet martial art as balthazar and menmet - ra mix plasma bolt with scissor kick , anti - gravity spell with good ol ' fashioned roundhouse punch . and through it all , one thing be clear : : dave ( just duck a blade ) whoa !!! = 69 . Dave be the target . balthazar fight bravely but menmet - ra do not tire . a savage blow shatter balthazar 's staff , a brutal backhand send he sailing . menmet - ra turn around to face Dave -- and get nail by a concussion blast . menmet - ra stagger back as Dave come at he with the bravest face he can muster . dave come on ... come on !!! Dave throw a plasma bolt but menmet - ra throw up a ankh sword , block Dave 's bolt and send it back at he . wham ! Dave fly into the base of cleopatra 's needle and crumple . he look up to see menmet - ra stand over he , moonlight gleaming along the edge of he blade . menmet-ra so you be the Prime merlinean . ( shake he head ) pathetic . Dave have no idea what he 's talk about ; he just know he 's about to die . ten yard away -- balthazar look up , see what 's about to happen . he spot the pharaoh' staff , . sharp and jag where it break . balthazar raise he hand and the staff fly into he grip . he rear back , throws -- Dave scream as menmet - ra swing the ankh down at he arm -- shunnkk ! Dave continue to scream . it take he a good two second to realize he arm be intact -- and the business end of the pharaoh' staff be stick through menmet - ra 's chest . menmet - ra look down at the staff in disbelief ... then fall over dead , to reveal -- balthazar we have get to go . dave but what about the grimhold ?! balthazar look off toward the sherry - netherland , see a eerie white light glow in the penthouse window . 70 . balthazar we have get to go , now ! balthazar grab Dave and they run off , as we tilt down to ... menmet-ra's body -- turn to dust , start to blow away in the breeze . moment later -- two boot step into frame , to reveal -- horvath ( get aggravate ) we have get one more comrade to free before morgana . we will just have to get the ring ourselves . we hear a low , guttural growl . behind horvath a hulking winged figure loom in the shadow . int . bentley ( drive ) - night balthazar speed the bentley downtown . Dave stare at he . dave why would he call I the Prime merlinean ? balthazar grip the wheel , say nothing . dave why ?! balthazar look at Dave , see he will not take no for a answer . balthazar veer off the westside highway . ext . manhattan waterfront - dawn Dave and balthazar stand beside the bentley as the light of New Jersey glisten across the Hudson . balthazar I tell you how every sorcerer have a apprentice . true enough .. but not all apprentice be create equal . once a generation a apprentice come along , the Prime merlinean , who can wear the most powerful ring on Earth -- the ring once wear by merlin himself . flash CUT to : 71 . england , a thousand year ago ... a gleaming blade be embed in a craggy stone . lightning flash reveal a dozen knight stare in shock as two hand slowly pull the sword from the stone ... the hand belong to a boy , not much young than Dave . and look over the entire scene -- merlin . balthazar ( v.o. ) the ring 's band be forge from the blade of Arthur 's sword , excalibur . its dragon be carve from the stone from which the sword be pull . the boy look at the engrave on the sword : " take I up . " he flip the sword over : " cast I away . " ' smash back to : Dave stare in awe at the same inscription on he ring . balthazar you ring be quite literally the sword and the stone . and for a thousand year it stay in the merlinean line . dave ( dawns on he ) until horvath turn traitor ... balthazar he be my generation 's Prime merlinean . aurelius die keep the ring out of he hand , entrust it to I until the next Prime merlinean could be find . for year I searched ... flash CUT to : balthazar' shop ... quick cut -- kide of all shape and size stand in the shop , try on the ring . for the chubby kide , the ring shrink down ; for the skinny kide , it get bigger . the ring doesn't fit any of they . balthazar ( v.0 . ) until one day ... 72 . young dave walk into the shop , that day 10 year ago . smash back to : Dave try to absorb he place in this crazy , epic story . balthazar you alone have the power to lock horvath back in the grimhold . and that 's not all . the doll that hold morgana can only be open with you ring . that 's why they they will keep come after you . dave until they kill I ... balthazar or you kill they . we have get one more shot at get they back in that doll -- tonight . after that they will be too powerful . dave let I see if I have this straight . I be a " Prime merlinean , " the only one in the world with the power to keep morgana in the grimhold -- balthazar or if she 's release , to put she back in . now I know this be more than you sign on for -- dave uh , yeah ! balthazar -- but if horvath frees morgana from that doll tonight , it 's seriously bad news for this city and everyone in it . and I mean everyone . dave ( he fear rise ) Becky ... balthazar we have get to be willing to lose everything , Dave . and by " everything , " I mean -- dave I know what you mean . 73. balthazar so ... you be ready for this ? Dave look out on the light of he childhood across the Hudson . music up as the morning sun begin to rise over New York : the faint strain of " Magic " -- Becky 's song . Dave turn to balthazar . dave whatever it take . balthazar smile , nod . then -- balthazar horvath have two more morganian to free before he get to the last doll . I have a feel he 's sprung one of they already . ( darkly ) this be the bad guy , Dave . dave what. be Sun lok and menmet - ra ? balthazar the wannabe . the good news : each doll be tougher to crack than the one before . it will take horvath hour to get the last one out , and that give we time . you go back , grab the encantus . I will meet you back here in a hour . dave what be you gonna do ? balthazar there 's someone I need to see . dave you be not gonna tell I who ? what , you do not trust I ? balthazar you want to know how much I trust you ? balthazar can not believe he 's about to do this . he hold out he car keys , drop they in Dave 's hand . Dave grin , turn and head for the bentley . 74 . balthazar that smile 's make I nervous , Dave ! moment later -- throooom !!! Dave revs the car , look more determine than ever . dave ( sotto ) I have get someone to see , too . ext . new york STREET - day we swoop down from the sky and glide through traffic , then veer onto the sidewalk and through a wrought- iron gate , into -- a graveyard ~-- nestle in the shadow of tall office tower . a unexpected island of tranquil solemnity . we glide through the grave , many of which be century old , finally arrive at ... a marble headstone -- where balthazar be crouch down . ' two gravestone cameo be picture on the stone : one be of aurelius flood ... the other be veronica . balthazar touch he hand to she oval - shape photograph , hold it there . balthazar forgive I for what I have to do . balthazar rise , turn and walk off . only now do we see the inscription on the headstone : aurelius flood veronica flood 1925 - 1994 1967 - curiously , no end date for Veronica . ext . vintage record store - day Dave run up to " vinyl FEVER , " a eclectic record shop , and peer in the window to see Becky inside . Dave start to go in when he see -- she 's with Andre . Dave take a breath . dave life shrink or expands in proportion to one 's courage . 75 . int . vinyl FEVER - continuous Becky be go through the crate when she see Dave . dave you roommate think you would be here . be you busy ? andre yes . Dave feel Andre 's stare , press on . dave ' Cause if you be not , there 's something I want to show you . becky what about you " family emergency ? " dave family --? oh , yeah , it 's all take care of . Becky be not buy this , or Dave , at the moment . becky maybe some other time . Becky move on to the next crate . Dave go after she . dave remember what you say in the radio station , how if someone tell you you have a hour leave to live , this be how you would want to spend it ? becky what do that have to do with -- dave well , this be how I would want to spend mine . please , Becky , I say I would make it up to you , and . I will ...1 I just need you to come with I . * Becky stare at Dave ; she can not help but be stir by he passion . she turn to Andre , who shake he head , turn around and walk out . becky ( turn to Dave ) this better be good . 76 . int . underground training room - moment later Dave lead Becky into the room , which be still a wreck . becky so this be where the magic happen . Dave smile : ' you have no idea . 's Dave hurry over to the tesla coil we have see mostly in b.g . he wheel the 7 - foot tall coil to a open space in the room , space they about 20 ' foot apart . becky what be that thing ? dave tesla coil . tesla be a physicist . he be way ahead of he time . Dave turn out the light , leave only the glow of a laptop screen at the table where he 's stand . dave you be gonna wanna stand back . Becky grin : ' sound ominous . ' she back away from the coil , stand next to Dave . Dave smile . dave enjoy the show . Dave hit a key on the laptop , and -— - huge bolt of electricity -- leap between the coil ! this be not puny spark but long tendril of high - voltage plasma that somehow , impossibly , crackle with music : bach 's toccata and fugue meld seamlessly into the theme to " sanford & Son . " Becky laugh , shout with surprise at the incredible light and music show . this coil be loud . becky where be the speaker ?! dave there be none ! the coil fire at such a high frequency , the spark create sound wave as they move through the air ! . suddenly the tune change again -- into becky's song . Becky shake she head in amazement , turn to Dave , smile . 77 . becky it 's " Magic . " Dave look at Becky , she gorgeous smile , and he realize : dave yeah ... it be . as Dave turn back to the lightshow , it 's Becky 's turn to look at he . there 's something about this guy . something special . int . underground training room —- moment later the light be back on . as Dave talk to Becky there 's a newfound courage in he . eye . dave Becky , there 's something I have be want to tell you ... int . old science bldg . — corridor —- continuous balthazar storm through the double door . balthazar what part of " see you in a hour " be not clear ? int . underground training room - continuous dave ++. something I have be feel since that day when we be kid . out in the corridor -- balthazar pull up , tense as he listen . in . he hate himself for what he have to do next . dave Becky , I think you be -- balthazar whisper something and -- back in the room -- dave -- a total fraud . becky ( smile , throw off ) gee , thanks , dave. 78 . dave I be serious ! sure , you act all nice as long as I be do you a favor , get you little radio show back on the air -- becky that 's not true ! dave -- but come on , I be just a dork , right ? the guy with the big " D " on he chest ?! becky that be not what I think of you ! okay , maybe a little , at first . but there 's something about you , I do not know what it be , but ... it 's special . in the corridor -- balthazar feel terrible but do not stop : balthazar why do not you just -- dave -- leave , okay ?! just go ! Becky stand there , hurt and in shock . dave it 's not hard , Becky . you put one foot in front of the other . in the corridor -- balthazar hide in shadow as Becky run out of the room , down the corridor and out the double - door . back in the room -- Dave be still fire up when all at once he become aware of everything he just say . dave oh , no ... Becky , wait !!! Dave start to run after she . balthazar block the door . balthazar it 's better this way . do not ask I how I know . I just do . dave you ... you do that ! why ?! ( step back ) do not come near I !!! ( more ) 79 . dave ( cont 'd ) here you be , act like you be my friend -- you be a liar ! what else have you be lie to I about ?! balthazar Dave -- dave what else ?! Dave see the encantus on the table . he wave he hand and the book flip OPEN , the page turn until we see -- the " live of the sorcerer , " the entry for veronica flood . dave sympathetic magic . I believe we cover it ? balthazar Dave , do not ... stop ! as balthazar lunge , Dave throw he hand up and balthazar slow to 1/20th speed ! speed bump . dave take you ten year to learn that , huh ?! ( point at himself ) Prime merlinean ! Dave put he hand on the book , close he eye and -- boom !!! Light and time bend around we in astral projection . Dave be suddenly there in the -- arcana cabana -- much as we remember it , only there 's a sign behind the counter : " aurelius flood , proprietor . " aurelius flood and veronica stand side - by-side , stare with grave determination as -- balthazar -- block the door , stare menacingly at aurelius and Veronica . plasma bolt form around he clench fist . balthazar time for you to go , old man . aurelius shake he head , smile . aurelius flood when will you morganian ever learn ? 80 . what ??!! Dave stare in shock as -- balthazar throw a plasma bolt and aurelius and Veronica take to the air , conjure bolt of they own . as a full - on sorcerer battle erupt in the shop , we -- smash back to : Dave rip he tremble hand from the page . dave oh my god ... it be all a lie ... ( turn to balthazar ) who be you ?! balthazar struggle against the super slo - mo that 's ensnare he . it take everything he 's get to -- tear himself free ! balthazar hit the ground at full speed , roll behind a lab console to dodge the -- salvo of plasma bolt -- that Dave be throw at he . dave who be you ??!! balthazar Dave , stop ! -- Dave be not hearing he . balthazar duck for cover , touch he hand to the floor and -- . the floor at dave' feet -- suddenly liquefies , turn into a pool of water that Dave plunge into . dave whoa ! underwater -- Dave flail up toward the light when he see he watch morphing on he wrist , transform into -- a steel shackle . and at the other end of the chain : a cinderblock ! Dave 's eye go wide as the last bubbles of air jettison from he lung and he be drag down toward a blackness seemingly without end . as Dave reach up toward the fade light -- a hand snatch he wrist . balthazar hoist Dave out of the water , throw he to the floor against a lab console . 81 . Dave cough violently , catch he breath , look up at balthazar stand over he . dave I want . the truth . despite what just happen , there 's not a ounce of concession in Dave 's eye . but the truth be something balthazar seem unwilling or unable to go near . dave " life shrink or expands , " remember ? well , from where I be stand , you have get yourself a little shrinkage problem . balthazar you be sit , you little jerk . dave I need to hear it . you need to say '' it . so what happen ? finally balthazar exhales , and after year of keep this pent up inside ... balthazar I be a morganian , train in the Dark Arts from the time I be a boy . Fifteen year ago horvath send I on a mission : to steal the grimhold ... and kill aurelius flood . dave ( nod ) the battle I see in the encantus . balthazar ( smile at the memory ) only you do not see how it end . flash CUT to : the arcana cabana ... quick cut -- the shop be demolish . aurelius 's shoulder be bleed as he and Veronica stand over a batter , semi - conscious balthazar . balthazar ( v.o. ) let 's just say aurelius and Veronica put a serious beat - down on yours truly . they could have kill I ... 82. - balthazar lie in bed , he wrist bound to the bedpost as aurelius and Veronica bring he some breakfast . balthazar ( v.0o . ) -.- instead they take I in , nurse I back to health . - time have pass . aurelius talk to balthazar late into the night , the shop illuminate by flickering candle . balthazar ( v.o. ) they teach I there 's no such thing as good magic or bad . the magic be neutral -- it 's what 's in a sorcerer 's heart that matter . and when my heart begin to change ... - balthazar and Veronica stand behind the display case , talk , smile -- fall deeply in love . balthazar ( v.o. ) .-- let 's just say my old pal be not so thrilled . smash CUT to : a remote countryside ... fast , blurry impression -- a battle take place in a drive rainstorm . balthazar , aurelius and Veronica face off against horvath , Sun lok , menmet - ra , and other who remain obscure . lightning flash as horvath and aurelius clash . balthazar ( v.o. ) in the heat of the battle , horvath manage to get merlin 's ring from aurelius . for the first time in a thousand year ... the innermost doll — -- fly open and a unforgettable sight emerge -- the monstrous spectral spirit of morgana le fay ! balthazar ( v.o . ) --- morgana 's spirit be free . morgana's spirit expands rapidly in size and energy . Veronica scream as she be catch up in this maelstrom . balthazar ( v.o. ) I have get to hand it to aurelius . he move fast , before she get too powerful ... 83. aurelius lift he hand and the dragon ring leap off horvath 's hand and onto aurelius 's . a wave of the old man 's hand rip the grimhold open , unleash -- a vortex of ENERGY that encircle morgana and the morganian . with a final surge of magic that will kill he -- aurelius thrust they into the grimhold ! moment later -- balthazar kneel beside the die aurelius , who place merline ring in balthazar 's hand . dave ( v.0 . ) and Veronica ...? smash back to : balthazar look up , still feel the pain of that moment . balthazar I lose she . Dave can see how devastate balthazar still be . balthazar as sorcerer we be suppose to lead solitary life , to put sorcery before love , self -- everything . I try to have both , love and sorcery . what I get be a pain I have carry since the day I lose she . dave ( realize ) you be try to spare I from that , by drive Becky away . ( then ) why be the alchemy of the heart in the center of the circle ? balthazar say nothing . dave why . balthazar for the same reason you power appear on the day you fall for Becky . Love be the most powerful source of a sorcerer 's magic . if he can tap it , he can not be stop , but if he try ... he just might lose the love of he life . 84 . Dave think about this , turn to balthazar . dave or he might win she . they eye meet . perhaps each man have now teach something , and each one learn , but a glimmer of hope -- for what , we can not be sure -- shine in balthazar 's eye . he nod . balthazar let 's go find you girl . int . museum of modern art - day Becky walk through the museum , a 1930 's modernist structure of glass and steel . she stop to gaze at a painting ... the chagall from they childhood . a boy and girl levitate magically together in the nighttime sky . flash CUT to : young becky and dave stand before the painting . young dave Becky ... she turn to he , hope he feel the way she. do . young dave ++- never mind . smash back to : Becky gaze at the painting , shake she head and walk out . moment later -- Becky meander through a sculpture gallery when a voice come over the p.a . p.a. announcer you attention , please . the museum will be close in fifteen minute . suddenly a pretty girl ( 12 ) run up to Becky , look anxious if not terrify . her clothes give she away as a tourist . girl can you help I ? I lose my dad ! he be right next to I then all of a sudden I could not find he ! becky okay , do not worry ... 85 . Becky look for a guard but there be none around . the girl be on the verge of tear . becky I be gonna help you , okay ? we will find he together . girl oh , thank you ! becky he 's prob'ly go crazy look for you . where be the last place you see he ? girl this way ... the girl lead Becky out of the gallery and down a corridor . she take Becky 's hand , flash a relieved smile . girl my name 's abbie . I be from Massachusetts . becky do not worry , abbie . we will find he . int . museum - day Dave lead balthazar through the museum . balthazar how do you know she will be here ? do you put a tracking spell on she ? Dave arrive at the chagall . he gaze at the painting , smile at the memory . dave something like that . Dave scan the room , look leave and right . at the far end of the museum he see Becky just as she and abbie duck around a corner and disappear . balthazar smile at Dave : ' go get she . ' but as Dave run off , balthazar spin around -- sense something . int . museum - utility corridor - continuous the drine of machinery and the expose conduit on the wall give we the sense that this be a utility corridor . 86 . becky be you sure it be this way ? abbie yeah , he be just up here ! abbie pull Becky around the corner , right into -- a vision from hell . chernabog -- tower over Becky , a hulk , 15 - foot tall demon with glow eye , devil 's horn and massive bat wing . Becky gasp , too terrify to move , to speak . abbie we find he ! Becky turn to see abbie , smile demonically as she clothes transform from jeans and a t-shirt into a 17th century black puritan dress and head scarf , to reveal -- the last morganian and the original creepy as Hell Little girl -- abigail william . Becky 's scream die in she lung as chernabog snatch she up by the throat , pull she up to he glowing demonic eye . int . museum - MAIN corridor - continuous Dave run around the corner into the utility corridor , then around the next corner where Becky be just a moment ago . at the end of the hall a steel door swing the last couple of inch , and shut . where the heck be she go ? int . museum - continuous balthazar do not like what he 's sense . he run into the utility corridor -- no sign of Dave . he see the steel door , bolt for it and run into -- int . mechanical room - continuous a concussion blast nail balthazar , send he skid across the floor into a massive boiler -- out cold . the mechanical room beneath the museum be a 70 - year - old cavern of pump , piping , boiler , generator and hvac equipment . 87 . Dave be in agony on the concrete floor , have meet the same welcome a moment before . he look up , see maxim .. maxim horvath Boy , do you guy take the bait . +.- then abigail , and finally chernabog , hold the terrify Becky in he clutches . Dave stare in shock . he 's see some weird sh*t in the last 72 hour , but nothing like chernabog . maxim horvath you be wonder how we get here ... horvath nod toward a shadowy corner and a ancient , out - of - service elevator , its art deco door drape with cobweb . maxim horvath a portal , install . in the thirty by you master 's master 's master . it can be use to travel across the dimension , or within they . ' ( off chernabog ) cab just will not stop for he . chernabog utter a low , monstrous growl . maxim horvath say hello to chernabog , conjurer of soul ... and this be abigail Williams . abigail smile rather sweetly . Dave see balthazar start to come to . Dave get to he foot , try to buy some time . dave she 's the last sorcerer before morgana ? I think each one of you be suppose to be tougher than the one before . abigail 's smile morph into.a chill scowl . maxim horvath oh , boy . prob 'ly should not have say that . abigail start walk toward Dave . Dave take a step back . maxim horvath you know the Salem witch trial ? well , abigail here be the little devil who start it all ... 88. Dave stare in horror as abigail' mouth open at a grotesque 90 degree angle and -- a swarm of bat come fly out ! Dave scream as the bat swarm he , pummelling he . he fall to he knee , conjure a fireball to try and scatter they -- but the fireball morph into a giant hellfire bat that dive - bomb Dave , send he scramble for cover ! chernabog grin , he massive hand splay out . horvath shake he head at Dave . maxim . horvath I would not play with fire , scarecrow . ( off chernabog ) not with that guy in the room . horvath nod and the swarm of bat and the hellfire bat disappear . Dave fall to the ground on he back , open he eye to see horvath stand over he . maxim horvath you have something that belong to I . the dragon ring -- almost seem to recoil as horvath reach down to pluck it from Dave 's finger . but horvath be a Prime merlinean . the dragon have no choice as horvath take the ring and slip it on he finger . across the room -- balthazar struggle to he knee . balthazar no ... horvath grin , reach into he coat and pull out -- the innermost doll . morgana le fay stare out at we , a chill medieval rendering of the dark sorceress . balthazar no !!!! balthazar lunge at horvath , but horvath -- he power magnify by merlin 's ring -- throw out he hand and send balthazar fly into the wall , pin he there . horvath relax , blake . enjoy the show . 89 . int . mechanical room - moment later the morgana nesting doll -- hover in mid-air , hold aloft by tendril of dark ENERGY that horvath have conjure . abigail and chernabog look on . balthazar be pin against the wall ; Dave and Becky be leave to stand together . thing look bleak . dave Becky , that thing I say before ... that be not I . but Becky be beyond terrify . becky what have you get I into ? Dave look to balthazar . he be right about mixing sorcery and love . the nesting doll -- start to grow , and buckle outward , now resembling a giant egg -- or more accurately a egg sac , because its outer shell be no longer hard but malleable ... and there's something inside -- try to get out . the egg sac -- bend in place , stretch out in the shape of a hand , a head . we be witness a sicken birth . Dave and Becky cringe as a ripping SOUND give way to -- a female humanoid figure -- tear its way out of the doll , rise up and straighten ... we tilt up the woman 's body as the slimy muck that cover she flesh rearrange itself on she skin , morph into a purple - black dress that hug she every curve , to reveal -- morgana le fay be the wickedest woman in the world , and the most seductive . a wanton smile cross she lip as we tilt up to she face to reveal the most shocking thing of all . by all appearance -- this woman be veronica flood . Dave gasp , in shock . balthazar shake with emotion . horvath smile at he Queen . maxim horvath morgana , you be free ... morgana smile , draw she lip close to horvath 's -- and bitch -slap he . blood trickle from horvath 's lip . 90 . morgana le fay it take you long enough . horvath wipe he lip : God , she 's hot . chernabog bow he head to morgana . abigail curtsy . morgana le fay ( off Dave and Becky ) and this ? maxim horvath she 's a citizen . he 's the Prime merlinean , if you can believe it . morgana take Dave 's chin , examine he . shake she head . morgana le fay they do not make they like they use to . dave ( in shock ) you be Veronica flood ... you die . morgana smile darkly . morgana le fay my dear young man ... morgana draw she lip seductively close to he . morgana le fay .«-. do I feel dead to you ? balthazar stop !!! morgana turn , see balthazar for the first time , realize : morgana le fay you have not tell he , have you ? ( smile at Dave ) you be gonna love this . Fifteen year ago , after century trap in merlin 's damn little cage , I be freed . but my spirit can not exist in the open for long -- it need a host . Dave look to the devastate balthazar as the truth become crushingly clear . morgana gaze admiringly at she body . 91 . morgana le fay I hardly get to enjoy this little filly before aurelius put I back in the grimhold . I can not wait to take she for a ride . balthazar quake with rage . morgana smile . morgana le fay I bet that be fun ... the love of you life sit just a few foot away , right there on the shelf . and the only thing stand between you and she ... be they . chernabog , horvath , abigail -- stare demonically as morgana wave she hand and send the shake balthazar slide down the wall to he foot . morgana le fay and you job -- no , you swear duty -- be to make sure you never see she . again ... ( smile ) '' you have just get to love life 's little twist and turn . balthazar Veronica ... it 's I . } for a moment there be a glimmer in morgana 's eye -- of recognition and humanity . then the moment be go . morgana nod to horvath : ' kill they . ' horvath power up for a spell when -- voosh ! a ink - black cloud douse everyone in midnight . balthazar runt !! Dave feel balthazar hoist he by the shirt and pull he as fast as he can toward the elevator . dave wait ! I do not have Becky ! morgana throw a blast of wind that dissipate the cloud . morgana le fay Nice try . it take just second . morgana throw a all - consuming fireball at balthazar and Dave ... om , 92 . Dave look back , see Becky scream as chernabog snatch she in he arm ... horvath gasp as merline ring uncoil and the dragon leap from he finger ... balthazar pull Dave into the elevator and dive for the antiquated up / down lever ... the fireball -- fly in on balthazar and Dave ... the dragon ring -- leap across the floor in two big bound , jump into the elevator and onto Dave 's finger , and then -- the fireball explode into the elevator shaft , incinerate everything in it ! as the flame subside , the morganian stand at what use to be the elevator door . Dave and balthazar be -- maxim horvath go . and so be merlin 's ring . morgana le fay it do not matter . its work be do . abigail william what should we do with this one ? morgana smile as Becky struggle in chernabog 's arm . morgana le fay I be sure I will think of something . int . antique elevator —- spacetime balthazar and Dave grip the wall as the elevator zoom through spacetime in all direction at once . hang on !!! ka - boom ! the elevator come to a jarring stop as Dave and balthazar go fly out the door through some tree branch , landing in the mud in a -- dense thicket of mangrove ... they look around , gather they sense . we seem to have land in a prehistoric coastal jungle . a eerie red light suffuse everything as Dave follow balthazar toward the source of the light . 93. dave be we in another dimension ? they come out of the tree , look out on ... ext . bernie' mattress superstore — night bernie 's be close but its giant neon sign bathes everything in red light . a two - lane road snake around toward a 7 - eleven , a blockbuster , a laundromat . balthazar ( shake he head ) staten Island . let 's go . int . horvath' penthouse ~— night the scattered halve of the grimhold sit on horvath 's conjure table , not far from -- Becky , who be shackle to a iron maiden , one of horvath 's more bizarre antique . she work frantically to get free , all the while look up through the skylight toward -- ext . horvath' tower - observation balcony - continuous morgana , horvath , abigail and chernabog stand on the balcony , gaze out . Beyond the lake and the park , the light of the city sparkle in the night . chernabog growls at morgana 's shoulder . she cuff he head as if he be a long - lose pet . morgana le fay you want to play , be that it ? ( off the skyline ) go have some fun . chernabog fly off into the night sky . morgana le fay ah , merlin , how I wish you could have see this . the birth of a New Age , and a New reign ... morgana's eye -- she pupil , irise , everything . -- go suddenly , hideously black . morgana le fay ... long live the queen. 94 . morgana spread she arm to the sky ; she ring be a black five - point star that reflect no light . music up -- the spine-tingling strain of " night on bald Mountain , " from the chernabog scene in " fantasia . " ext . new york CITY - continuous a wave of dark cloud -- unfurl over the city , scraping the top of the skyscraper . morgana le fay ( 0.s. ) the light of the Moon mark the dawn of a New Age ... ext . financial district - night the " wall STREET bull " statue -- suddenly come to life , buck and kick , smashing car with its hoof and horn . morgana le fay ( 0.s. ) .»-. a age of power and bewitchment ... ext . WASHINGTON square - night not many people be here at this hour : some nyu student head home , a few homeless people . morgana le fay ( 0.s8 . ) .-. a age of glory in the Dark Arts . hangman' elm -- creak in the wind . the student look up , gasp in horror as -- chernabog -- swoops down from the sky ! he land atop the WASHINGTON square arch , unleash a horrific cry . his body begin to sway , seemingly possess as he summon -- the wraith ! part specter and part corpse , they fly up through the pavement or jump down from hangman be elm , some with noose still around they neck , other riding demonic spectral horse . ghoulish traitor of the Revolutionary War , the wraith fire musket that shatter the window on fourth Street . tonight , hell have come to Washington Square . oe , 95 . ext . horvath' tower — observation balcony - continuous morgana be flanke by horvath and abigail as a eerie fog enshroud the city and distant explosion roll like soft thunder across the horizon . morgana smile darkly . morgana le fay the Age of Men be at a end . let the Age of sorcerer begin . ext . greenwich village - night the wraith stage a onslaught , spread chaos as they ride and hack they way down into -- int . FOURTH STREET subway station - night people run scream , take cover where they can , but the spectral rider will not be stop . . in the midst of all this mayhem -- a subway train -- pull into the stop . the door , open and balthazar and Dave step out . dave see there ? Public transportation . balthazar be unimpress . a scream . woman run by , be chase by a british redcoat wraith wield a bayonet ... balthazar clothesline the wraith out of frame , stomp on he to a grotesque crunching SOUND . balthazar wraith . this be chernabog 's work . the wraith jump off the platform and disappear into the shadow of the uptown tunnel . balthazar they be head to the Park , try to link up with morgana . dave that must be where they have get Becky ! Dave start to run . balthazar grab he arm . balthazar we have gotta turn off the tap on this wraith first . see if we can not make this a fair fight . 96 . ext . FOURTH STREET - night balthazar and Dave run up the subway step to the street , nail wraith with concussion blast as they go . dave they be come from the Square . this way ! balthazar stop he , shake he head . balthazar I call ahead for a ride . Dave look up , smile as -- the chrysler build eagle -- swoops down from the sky , slamm into wraith as it zoom in low over the street ! balthazar and Dave get a run start and jump on the eagle as it fly by . ext . WASHINGTON square park - night chernabog stand atop the arch , conjure wraith . he hear a whoosh behind he , spin around to see -— the eagle -- fly in hard and fast , steel talon flash . wham ! chernabog be blast off the arch , go fly into -- boom ! -- hangman be elm , knock the last few wraith from they noose like overripe fruit . balthazar and Dave jump off the eagle as it swoops in low . a dozen wraith -- be converge on the only people leave in the park , a bunch of cower , terrify nyu student . balthazar ( power up for a spell ) mine . but Dave raise he hand , a live tesla Coil as a lightning bolt leap from he hand and bounce from one wraith to the next , fry they until -- ka-splattt !!! the wraith explode , shower the student in wraith gut . Dave smile awkwardly as the freak - out student start scream . balthazar I believe I say " mine ! " | | | 97 . a massive fireball -- fly in at they . balthazar grab Dave and pull he into -- the park' famous fountain . hellfire lick the surface of the water as Dave and balthazar stay under . two monstrous claw -- pluck they out of the water , slam they into each other , toss they off in different direction . Dave land hard near the base of the WASHINGTON square arch . chernabog -- stand over he , unleash a chill war cry . he 's about to stomp on Dave 's head - when suddenly -- it's horvath who lie there cower , not Dave . maxim horvath chernabog , do not ! chernabog hesitates -- all the open balthazar need to throw a concussion blast that send chernabog fly -- wham !!! -- into one of the arch 's concrete support . gravity do the rest . chernabog look up as the massive concrete arch come down on he -- ka - boooom !!! when the dust clear , chernabog lie unconscious amid the rubble . balthazar help horvath up . balthazar not bad . horvath morhp into Dave . no more wraith be emerge from they grave , but the one who have already escape continue to wreak havoc in the square . dave look like no more wraith be come out , but the one who be already here ... balthazar they answer to morgana now ... ext . central park south - night the wraith -- emerge from the 59th street subway to raise hell : attack car , battle overmatch cop . a t.v. reporter duck for cover , report live . 98 . reporter .-. the report from Washington Square be true ! they be come up from the tunnel ... I can not begin to describe what I be see right now ! the news cameraman -- double - check what he eye be see against what 's appear in he viewfinder . cameraman what the hell ?! in the viewfinder -- police officer battle and terrify new yorker run away from -- absolutely nothing . on camera , the wraith be invisible . ext . horvath' tower - observation balcony - night morgana , horvath and abigail listen to the din of chaos come closer . horvath glance down through the skylight -- maxim horvath the grimhold ! empty shackle lie beside the iron maiden where Becky be just moment ago -- and the grimhold be gone . morgana le fay ( eye darken ) she will try to get the doll to they . we will not let she . ext . central park -— night Becky run as fast as she can with the grimhold .. above she , pale orange cloud fly across a eerie purple sky -- a scary but strangely beautiful night . Becky run into a tunnel beneath a old stone bridge . abigail -- appear at the end of the tunnel , head bow in a demonic stare . Becky scream , run out the way she come . abigail levitate into the air after she . Becky duck into some wood . a canine growl stop she cold , leave she panting with fear . two red eye -- appear in the shadow , belong to either the biggest wolf we have ever see , or -- 99 . maxim horvath -- step out of the shadow . Becky tremble as horvath raise he hand , he skull ring glow . maxim horvath what should I turn you into ? a pig ? a mule ? 's or maybe even ... the perfect woman ? Becky try to scream -- but have no mouth . she fall to the ground with a muffle cry . horvath move in to pick up the grimhold ... wham !!! a concussion blast send horvath fly . Becky put she hand to she lip , feel that they be there . suddenly Dave be there , help she up . dave be you okay ? Becky smile , hold onto he tightly . dave I have get to stop this guy . morgana le fay ( 0.s. ) oh , be that right ? Dave and Becky whirl around . morgana le fay you and what army ? morgana -- stand there , flanke by horvath and abigail , then we pull back to reveal ... a battalion of wraith -- they claw - like hand hold sabre and musket , they skull grin murderously in the moonlight . the wraith have cut off Dave from the grimhold . Dave and Becky step back , in awe of this horror . morgana le fay ah , the proud merlinean line . name like ambrosius ... maltwood ... Garcia de ayala ... Dave . ( shake she head ) how the mighty have fall . merlin would have thank I . for what I be about to do . but as she raise she hand -- 100 . balthazar ( 0.s. ) or he would have mop up the floor with you ... morgana turn toward the voice . balthazar ++-again . balthazar -- step forward , flanke by the chrysler eagle and the massively muscle rockefeller atlas , as epically heroic as the day Dave first see he . Dave and Becky smile . surprisingly , so do morgana . morgana le fay now this be how we use to do it . morgana throw a plasma bolt , and it 's on : a clash as physical as it be magical , with we heroes have to simultaneously battle the morganian and the wraith . quick cut -- balthazar dodge horvath 's lightning bolt , seize a wraith' sword and fight like a man possess ... morgana -- summon a cyclone down from the sky , send it careen toward Dave ... dave -- throw out he hand , then rip they apart , tear morgana 's cyclone into a dozen mini - cyclone , each of which fly into a wraith , blast it to smithereen . becky -- see the grimhold on the ground and run for it . suddenly Becky fall -- trap in quicksand ! abigail close in for the kill . Dave see Becky in trouble , run to help she . morgana le fay fool . morgana send a concussion blast rippling through the air -- atlas -- jump in front of Dave , absorb the impact . atlas punch morgana with a massive steel fist . her head barely turn . she backhand atlas , send he fly . abigail -- see Dave on he way to help Becky . she open she mouth at a horrific angle , only this time she projectile - vomit -- a swarm of angry wasp ! 101 . but the chrysler eagle fly in , send the wasp scatter . abigail have no time to get out of the way as -- wham !!! the eagle clip she with its wing -- knock her unconscious . becky -- be about to be pull under the quicksand when Dave lift she out with a anti - gravity spell . he levitate into the air to catch she and for a heartbeat they hang there like the boy and girl in the chagall painting . Dave set the two of they down , look into Becky 's eye . dave Becky , I -- but horvath touch he hand to the ground , send a rippling shockwave that uproot Dave and send he slamm into a lamp post . dave unnfffi !! as atlas and the chrysler eagle wade into the slashing wraith , and balthazar face off against morgana , horvath cast a wither assault of sorcery at Dave ... a fireball nearly incinerate he . a concussion blast send he fly into -- wham !!! -- a aluminum tool shed . Dave plow through the shed and keep go , landing hard on he back . horvath walk toward he , pick up a shovel . in horvath 's hand the shovel morph into a executioner be axe . maxim horvath there 's no magic or science that can save you now , apprentice . horvath stand over Dave , bring the axe back . Dave look over , see Becky look sorrowfully at he . then unexpectedly , he smile . dave I love you . a untapped power light in Dave 's eye . Becky smile through she tear as Dave look up at horvath . dave object in motion stay in motion ... 102 . horvath pause with the axe -- horvath Boy , what be you talk about ? whoosh ! horvath look up as -- a rock the size of a basketball nail he in the chest and send he fly -- wham ! -- into a tree trunk . dave -+- unless act upon by a oppose force . horvath be in serious pain as he get up , see Dave walk toward he . Dave look transformed , as if a veil have be lift , and science and magic be one within he . dave Newton 's first law . number two ? the acceleration of a object be directly proportional to the net force act on it . for example : Dave throw a massive plasma bolt that slam into horvath , drop he like a stone . dave and my personal favorite , number three : for every action ... Dave hoist horvath in the grip of a invisible gravity and fling he -~ wham ! -- into the base of a civil war monument , spider - webbing the marble . horvath stagger , teeter like a punch - drunk boxer . dave ... there 's a equal and opposite reaction . whump ! horvath land hard , out cold . Dave stand triumphantly over he , a sorcerer now . dave physics . meanwhile ... balthazar and morgana wage fierce sorcerer warfare , mixing spell cull from all Seven alchemy -- a master class . en , 103 . Fighting morgana be all the more difficult because for every plasma bolt he send slamm into morgana , balthazar know it 's Veronica 's body he 's harm . but that do not stop he . morgana go down , wince in pain . for a moment balthazar forget who he 's deal with . balthazar Veronica , you do not want to do this . a moment be all it take . morgana throw out she hand , bash balthazar with a invisible force -- then bring she hand down , smashing he to the ground . morgana le fay it 's morgana . and I so do . balthazar lie face - down in the dirt , in agony . as morgana approach for the kill , balthazar roll over , to reveal -— - — the grimhold -- be in he hand , transformed to show all the morganian on the outermost doll . morgana le fay Nice try ... but you be not the Prime merlinean . balthazar no ...he be . they move in perfect sync . balthazar throw . the grimhold into the air ; Dave lift he hand , freeze it in place . the dragon' eye glow on Dave 's ring as he turn he outstretch hand to the side -- and the doll twist OPEN ! morgana le fay noll ! a blinding light -- shine in the seam of the doll , swell into a vortex of light . morgana dig she finger into the ground , fight the awesome suction that pull she toward the light . abigail -- scream as she tumble through the air , get suck into the vortex . horvath -- resist for as long as he can , until he , too , vanish into the light . Becky duck as the unconscious chernabog come fly through the air into the vortex . om 104 . morgana -- can not hold on ! she slip , fly through the air -- a hand -- shoot out , catch she hand . balthazar be ! dave no !!! what be you do ?! balthazar hold onto morgana with all the strength he have leave . dave balthazar , let she go ! balthazar ( shake he head ) not this time ... not this time !!! the grimhold vortex -- increase in power , its outer edge now just a few foot from balthazar and morgana . balthazar 's eye meet morgana 's -- but they be not morgana 's , they be Veronica 's ! and then -- a monstrous spectral creature -- part woman , part demon , be wrench free of Veronica 's body . the real morgana le fay ! veronica ( human again ) balthazar ! balthazar hang on !!! the spectral morgana scream , a hideous , defiant shriek ... too late ! the evil spirit be suck into the vortex as a massive boom of thunder echoe across New York . and when the echo fade ... the sealed grimhold -- sit in a smoking , smolder crater . the wraith -- be suddenly draw up into the air , away from they battle with atlas and the Chrysler Eagle , grow more spectral every second . ext . WASHINGTON square - night as if call by the toll of a unseen bell , the wraith descend from the low cloud , return beneath the pavement to the sleep of they grave ... 105 . ext . central park - continuous Dawn 's first light appear in the sky . balthazar look up , wrap the unclothed , unmove Veronica in he arm . balthazar Veronica ... Veronica ! Veronica eye flutter open . balthazar hold he breath . veronica where 's father ...? balthazar shudder with emotion , begin to weep . Veronica pull he close , hold he tight and do not let go . veronica it 's okay , my love . it 's okay ... Dave and Becky look on , deeply move . behind they be atlas and the chrysler eagle . Dave and Becky share a smile of amazement as the statue nod , then disappear into the mist ... dissolve to : ext . central park - dawn police car flood into the park across the 65 th STREET transverse , as we crane down to ... a central park horse carriage -- trot out of the park . Dave hold the rein , Becky be beside he . they smile . balthazar and Veronica be in the back . Veronica wear balthazar 's coat as balthazar pull she close and we -- match dissolve to : int . new arcana cabana ~— day the Central Park carriage ride in now the last page of the encantus . Dave close the book , smile . he 's stand in the just reopen arcana cabana , as cluttere and creepy as . the old one , yet Dave be strangely at home now . a t.v. drone on the shelf . female reporter so , what do happen in Washington Square , in Central Park , in the Sixth Avenue subway tunnel ? be it a once - in-a- lifetime weather event ? ( more ) coe 106 . female reporter ( cont 'd ) a supernatural phenomenon as witness insist ? and give the lack of photographic or other physical evidence , be it possible we may never know the truth ...? the reporter stand in rockefeller Center . Dave see atlas loom behind she , and smile . at the front of the store -- balthazar try to close a sale . balthazar ... seriously , what say Valentine 's Day like human heart stuff in a jar ? the customer -- smile awkwardly , turn and walk out . balthazar Fine ! go with the Godiva ! becky we need to seriously think about you product line . Becky be stack item on shelf . balthazar sigh as Veronica come up behind he , drape she arm around he . veronica I think it 's romantic . Dave look at balthazar , have never see he so happy . ext . new arcana cabana — day one of that glorious New York day ... Dave , Becky , balthazar and Veronica stand on the sidewalk to admire the new sign : " arcana cabana - antiquities , obscurities , unusual gift - balthazar blake , proprietor . " Dave put he arm around Becky . dave want to see some magic ? becky ( smile ) mm-hm . dave Close you eye . SE be ee ee é 107 . Dave smile , be about to kiss she when balthazar put he hand on Dave 's shoulder . balthazar two o'clock . train time . Veronica pull balthazar away , nod for Dave to continue . balthazar ( off he watch ) what ? two o'clock be training time . Dave smile , kiss Becky as we pull back into ... int . new arcana cabana - continuous we pull back through the doorway , past shelf pack with arcana , past the mummy case and the animal skeleton , until we finally stop on ... the grimhold -- sit in a specially reinforce glass case , mark " do not touch . " the morganian -- stare demonically out at we , render in the style of a medieval stain glass . we hold on the grimhold , wait for it to flinch , to bobble , something , but it never do as we slowly , very slowly ... fade to black .