the stranger by bryan bertino first draft October 31 , 2004 ext . STREET - day the wash out sky hang over the open field in the middle of nowhere . it have rain recently and the ground be wet around the scattered mail box that line the old gravel road . the street be desert . empty . detective ( v.0 . ) okay . let 's try and do this all at once . ( cough ) can you hear I alright ? I be just gonna start . alright ? ext . house - day a large single story house sit a thousand yard from its close neighbor . there be a long cement driveway that lead down the side of the property . at the end , towards the house , sit a once blue four - door sedan . smoke rise above the char remain . the window be smashed out and the tire be slashed . Broken piece of glass surround the car as it sit flat against its metal rim . the car be run . over the blacken hood stand a fade basketball goal . a net hang on for its life from the rusty orange hoop . detective ( v.0o . ) 1801 Clark Road . stop. ( cough ) 1801 Clark Road as follow : 4 kitchen knife , vary size . 2 candle stick . one large axe with wooden handle . ext . STREET - day two young boy , both in they early teens , walk side by side with they bicycle . they wear press white shirt and black slack . they be Mormons . the taller boy , have a backpack sling over one shoulder . the other one hold a pile of pamphlet . they both have flat top . 2. the boy make they way down the street and they huddle close together to attempt to shield themselves from the wind whipping across they skin . they be two house down from the basketball goal . so far , no one be home on the street . they take turn walk to each house , knock and ringing the doorbell . when there be no answer , they leave the pamphlet on the mat or in the mailbox and walk back up to the road again . the boy do not play around with each other as they walk the road between house . they concentrate on the task at hand ; each solemnly stare forward as they pass the overgrown yard . detective ( v.0o . ) match . one double barrel shot gun . 5 empty shell . baling wire . a break champagne bottle . two empty bottle of beer . ext . house - day Music drift out to where the boy stand on the street from somewhere within the large house . the boy with the backpack wait at the mailbox as the smaller one walk down the driveway towards the blue- black family car . the smaller boy wave and call out for he friend to come closer . the music grow louder so as to drow out all other sound . eventually , the boy with the backpack lay both the bike down on the side of the street and walk towards the front porch , cut across the grass . the smaller boy stand near the car , stare at he reflection in the break driver 's side window . he call out to the boy with the backpack again , then chase after he up towards the house . ext . porch - day the boy with the backpack pick up a champagne cork as they walk along the sidewalk to the porch . the smaller boy laugh nervously as they get closer . 3 . the boy with the backpack do not take he eye off what be leave of the front door several piece of wood lie at they foot as they stand under the eave of the house . the boy with the backpack nudge he friend towards the door , but neither one walk inside . boy hello ? they bike remain on the street . detective ( v.o. ) a lot of blood . in several room . we have some usable print . we need to get some people out into the yard . we have to go out into the field . int . house - day Dark shadow still surround most of the live room ahead of they as the boy make they way down the front hall . the smashed piece of a fire alarm lie on the ground near the entry way . inaudible beneath the sound of the music , the boy call out as they walk through the darken room , the pamphlet hang at the young boy 's side . detective ( v.0o . ) ( cough ) no conformation yet on name . we be work on it . we will be here all night . this be bad . int . house - day the boy walk through the live room as the music grow louder . no one respond to they call . int . parlor - day a record spin on a old wear out player . the needle be close to the end as the volume steadily rise . detective ( v.0o . ) that 's all we get right now . let 's go . turn this thing off . the record slow and then stop leave only the sound of static as the needle ride the edge before stop . the house be completely quiet . one of the boy scream . fade to black . kristen mckay be born on august 26th , 1977 . jame hotopp be born on october 12th , 1975 . on the night of february 1st , 2004 , they attended the wedding and reception of kristen 's college roommate elizabeth brookhart between the hour of 5:30 pm - 3:00 am . after saying there good - by , they return to the summer home of preston and mary beth hotopp , jame 's parent . int . entry way - night the doorway be dark as jame and kristen walk in silently . the bag and the cramped hallway make for a less than graceful transition inside the house . they be tired and angry . James walk ahead carry the luggage . Kristen stand at the doorway finish a cigarette in the warm light of the porch . she wipe tear from she face . they be still dress from this evening 's wedding , but both look as if they have see a battlefield . the stain of red wine cover Kristen 's skin . James 's white shirt be now more pink than anything else . one of he hand be scrape away at the knuckle . there be a small bit of blood . int . live room - night it be dark inside as James walk around the huge live room . he bump into random piece of furniture while he navigate he way around the crowded space in the shadow . he toss the bag down in disgust as he search for a lamp . int . entry way - night Kristen flick she cigarette into the grass and close the door , block out the little light that be shine into the house , leave they in total darkness . James slam into the corner of a table . jame thank you . Kristen 's high heel make they way over the tile entry hall and onto the hardwood floor of the live room . int . live room - night kristen I be sorry . the sarcasm hang in the air from both they voice as James finally get a lamp on . Kristen watch James 's movement as he walk around flipping on switch with disgust . her face react to what she see be illuminate in front of she . each pool of light reveal more of the surprise James have plan for she that night . there be two place setting surround by candle on the dining room table . a bottle of champagne chill in a ice bucket . many bright flower petal be scattered across the couch . with each flick of a switch , James attempt to remain emotionless , but he hand tremble as he work . Kristen reach for support , accidentally lean back against the piano key . a abrupt burst of sound from the piano cause she to jump . without try to restrain herself , tear flow down she wine stain face . int . parlor - night James turn on the light in the parlor and the record player start up . there be a second of static and then the chord of a old country song slowly come up to speed . this hurt Kristen even more . James be catch off guard by this break from the silence and he move to shut down the record player , but he pause for a second and they both listen to the familiar song . kristen when do you do all this ? jame today . when you be with the girl . Mike come down with I this morning . you be go a long time . his back be turn to she . he watch the record swivel around in circle . int . live room - night Kristen bend down and begin digging through one of she bag . she can not find what she be look for . her movement be rush , she hand violent . jame what be it ? what do you need ? kristen I wanna take a bath . where be my thing ? jame I bring everything , all you stuff . it 's in the back . she look up at he and this time he look back at she . kristen I be sorry . I just think you forget they . jame no. int . parlor - night James turn back to the record player for a moment . int . dine room - night then , he walk over to the dining room and take out a small ring box from he coat pocket , place it on the table . jame come on . int . hallway - night he walk past she without a look in she direction and she follow he towards the light pour from underneath the door at the end of the hall . int . bedroom - night when James open the door , more of he preparation for they romantic evening be reveal . more rise petal cover the bed , and what seem like a million or more candle wait to be light around they . he flip on the bathroom light and grab another champagne bottle from near the bed . as he cross back towards the door , he slowly brushes past Kristen . for a second , they stand close to each other , then he move to the door . jame you can have this room . I x11 get set up out there . I do not know about the tub . I put rose in there too . we do not know if they can go in first . Kristen almost want to laugh , but she do not . kristen I do not know , either . he go to leave , but turn back . jame come here . let I get this . 8. he reach over and touch she back , unzipping she dress for she . she pull it off with the ease of someone who have undress in front of a person hundred of time before . kristen thank you . he leave she stand near the doorway . jame I 'il turn the heater on . kristen it 's okay . I know you hate it when it 's hot . jame it 's alright . he walk away . int . bathroom - night Kristen run a bath , sit on the edge of the tub while she take off she jewelry . the water be rusty , and she watch it mix with the red rise petal for a few second before it become clear . ext . house - night James walk outside hold the champagne bottle . after a few second , he pop the cork and take a long drink and then set the bottle down on the sidewalk near the door in the quiet distance , the sound of knock float in the air past the tree . the noise be faint but it stand out on the empty country road . he walk over to he car and open the trunk , grab a 12 pack and a bag of ice . on the way back , he sing one of the song from the record and kick the champagne into the grass on he way to the door . the bubbly liquid drizzle out into the ground . the knock have stop . it be silent once again . int . parlor - night the record have play through and now the static pop as a reminder it need to be turn over . James lift the needle off and place it on the stand . the house be quiet . he can hear the clinking of the wind chime that hang on the back porch just beyond the window . int . dine room - night James walk over to the dining room and flip off the overhead light . in the darkness he grab a book of match , lighting the candle he have set out before . he pick up the ring and sit down at the head of the table . he hold a carton of ice cream and a spoon . alone in he tuxedo he sit , eat the ice cream straight from the box . int . bedroom - night Kristen stand in front of the mirror look at she face . her eye be red and puffy . a layer of mascara surround they . she drop the towel and slowly place the dress back on . this time , she zip it herself . int . live room - night Kristen walk out into the live room . kristen James ? she see he and walk in , grab the second bottle of champagne . int . dine room - night she sit down next to he unwrap the foil from the top of the bottle . kristen it 's nice . jame do you want to make a toast ? 10 . kristen no . the cork pop over the table . the excess pour onto the dress she have put back on . jame I put you clothes in there . in the dresser by the door . kristen I want to wear this . I only get to wear it tonight . it make I feel pretty . jame you be pretty . she pull she still damp hair up . holding it with a rubber band from around she wrist . James stare down at the ice cream . the light from the candle dance across he face . she take a long drink from the bottle and sit it down . kristen you do not do anything . you do not do anything wrong . jame it do not feel like that . kristen I do not know what you want I to say . jame what do we do now ? where do we go from here ? kristen I do not know . jame you should . kristen why ? 11 . Kristen scan the room tapping the cigarettes she hold in she hand against she knee . James take a bite of ice cream as he eye watch the pack move up and down on she skin . jame you can smoke if you want . kristen you dad will not get mad ? jame I do not care . he will not after this . she light one and James get up and grab a saucer from the kitchen . he slide it over to she side of the table . kristen I love you , okay ? he start to speak , but catch himself . they both take a second . James put the spoon on the table . he push the ring over to she . kristen ( cont have ) I do not want it . jame you should take it . I can not keep it . I can not take it back . kristen yes you can ... jame no , I can not . kristen oh ... the ring sit on the table between they . kristen ( cont have ) I do not want this . that 's all I be say . I be happy two hour ago . James close the lid of the ice cream , leave it on the table . he pick up the ring again . for a moment , they just watch each other . James stare at she waver eye . 12 . he open the case and look down at the ring . then , he put it back on the table and stand up . Kristen reach out and grab he hand as he walk past she towards the record player . she let he hand slip through hers as he move away from she . jame Jesus . kristen I be sorry . jame this be so embarrassing . kristen I be sorry ! int . parlor - night he slide he rent shoe across the dusty floor and stare at the candle clumsily place on the record player earlier today . jame I honestly be gonna ask before you mom die . that 's funny somehow . he flip through the record he have laid out from the large collection . after a few second , he put on he selection and from the speaker come a song they both obliviously know . Kristen get up and both of they stand close to each other his hand slowly come around behind she , start on she ass and move up she back . they seem awkward at first . the tension between they still hang in the air , but gradually it begin to fade . int . dine room - night the song do not seem right to dance to . it be too slow , a folk country song , but as she small arm wrap around he neck they begin to move slowly in a circle . it be dark where they stand , between the room . her bare foot rest slightly on top of he shiny rent shoe . 13 . eventually , they move in place , rock back and forth without turn . James and Kristen stop dance all together and instead just hug as the song come to a stop . for a few second , the only sound come from the rustling of they clothes ; he hand slide down she dress , she small hand come up he back then squeezing he neck . another slow song follow and without any effort at all James pull Kristen up on he hip and slide she onto the table . her dress rise up over she thigh as she unbuckle he pants . they have not kiss . his face be bury inside she neck . then , they both pause for a brief second before she moan lightly and one of she leg dangle to the side . he lean she back further against the table . one of the unused place setting slide over against the candle . outside , the wind chime rattle softly against each other int . dine room - later a loud knock on the front door echoe through the house . the sound snap the couple out of they trance and James break they embrace . he quickly button he pants as Kristen push herself off the table , pull she dress down over she thigh . James toss she underwear behind the couch . they both take a second to calm they rapid breathe . James pull he shirt all the way out and straighten he jacket while Kristen uncomfortably search for somewhere to look . James laugh to himself to break the tension that hang between they . jame who be that ? int . live room - night he walk into the light of the live room and Kristen follow he . jame it 's like three in the morning . 14 . kristen I do not know . be careful . int . entry way - night James open the door and a young woman stand , shiver . she be in she 20 's but in the right light , she could be 15 . he look up and down the street and see nothing but darkness . he rub he arm for warmth and look she up and down . jame it 's cold . young woman hi. jame hey . young woman be tamara here ? he look at she , puzzle . her face move in and out of the darkness . jame no , no . wrong house . young woman be you sure ? jame yeah . I be sorry . she shift she attention to Kristen briefly . young woman you look pretty . kristen yeah ? Kristen laugh uncomfortably . kristen ( cont have ) sorry , thank you . jame be you lose ? 15 . young woman no , I be okay . see ya later . she turn and walk out onto the grass towards the road , away from the glow of the porch and the street light that still shine . for a moment , James and Kristen stand stare after she into the darkness . kristen that be weird . jame people get lose out here . should I go get she ? kristen she say she be fine . she do not seem scared or worried or anything . jame where have she go ? the street be empty . kristen I can still hear she step on the road . listen . she 's fine . James shut the door slowly , still look out towards the road . int . live room - night the moment be lose from before and as they return to the live room , both seem confuse as to what to do now . Kristen gradually move back to the dining room to grab she cigarettes . she look down at the empty pack sit on the table . kristen I be out of cigarettes . James walk in behind she . he stare at the record . jame I 'il go get some more . 16 . kristen that 's not what I mean . you do not have to . jame I know , but I need to get out of here . kristen it 's okay . i’1l just go to sleep . jame no you will not . kristen I will try . jame it 's okay . I really need to drive for a while . be you gonna be alright here ? kristen yeah ... yeah it 's fine . thank you . he grab he key off the table , but pause for moment . jame let I light you a fire . he pull some dusty wood from a stand near the couch . it take a second , the fireplace door jam and he pull it open roughly . jame ( cont have ) I be think , when you be take a bath . I want you to take the car back tomorrow . this be awkward enough as it be . Kristen nod she head , watch he work . jame ( cont have ) a road trip might kill we both . i’1l fly back . we be not gonna decide anything on I - 35 , you know ? kristen be you sure ? jame yeah . 17 . they both watch as the fire build , eventually grab hold of the old wood . jame ( cont have ) I will be back . if you want we can talk more ... or not . he walk towards the front door as the wood crack in the heat . he do not look back at she as he speak . jame ( cont have ) I love you . okay ? kristen I love you , too . jame I be really sorry . he lean against the door frame to the hallway , he key rattling in he hand . kristen do you talk to Mike ? jame no . you know he 's gonna be piss at you . he hate this kinda shit . he motion to the room , scoop up a pile of rise petal near the door . then , he leave she . int . dine room - night she pause at the foot of the table , open the small black box and pull out the ring . it be nice but nothing extravagant . she slide it on she finger but it do not fit . she laugh to herself . she pick up one of the cloth napkin from the table and blow she nose . then , she try to pull the undersized ring off , but reconsider and push and twist until finally , the band slip on . 18 . int . parlor - night Kristen move over to the record player . she scan through the album James have pick out and then to the other , find a different selection . she place it on the turntable and drop the needle . after a few second , a voice come from the speaker and she head into the kitchen . int . kitchen - night she stumble a little from the champagne then steady herself on the counter . her hand dig into the sink , fishing through the ice that James have grab earlier from the car until she find a beer she twist open the bottle and lean against the counter absently toss away the cap . a knock come again from the front door . she pause , listen past the record . two more knock , then a third . she put down she beer and walk towards the entry way . int . entry way - night she stand in front of the wooden door , listen outside . her hand squeeze the door knob , but she do not open it . wind squeak through the crack , at time make it hard to hear the voice come through . another knock , this one lighter than the other . kristen hello ? woman be tamara here ? kristen what ? woman be tamara here ? kristen you already come by here . 19 . woman be you sure ? kristen yes . be you be okay ? silence . kristen ( cont have ) hello ? nothing . kristen ( cont have ) be you still out there ? be you lose ? she press she ear against the wood . she can barely make out light footstep as they walk away from the porch , move from the concrete onto the grass . she wait until they be completely go and turn to walk back into the live room . int . live room - night the record play from the parlor and she seem catch between the sound inside the house and the silence outside of it . she wander quietly between the space within the house . a sound come from the backyard that seem like a piece of patio furniture move against the concrete . int . house - night Kristen pause before take a pull from she beer , hold it just beneath she lip . she do not react strongly , she shoulder tighten , but it be barely noticeable . after a few second , Kristen 's face relax and she take a sip of beer . she walk over to she bag in the live room and dig through all of they , search . with a momentary smile , she find what she be look for , a cigarette pack with one remain . she walk back over to the dining room table and use one of James 's match . there be a break between song and she can hear the wind chime outside the back window blow in the breeze . 20 . int . live room - night she move over to the couch and sit down , blow a cloud of smoke into the air . she take another drag and watch the smoke pour over she face before realize that there be way too much in the room for one cigarette . the vent be close on the fireplace . Kristen try to open the vent , but it be jamme . it be hard for she to grab leverage in she dress as she have to climb up on the firewood in she bare foot to get high enough to drop the handle . just as she succeed , the smoke alarm in the entry hall go off , produce a ear split ring that almost cause she to fall . she race to find a chair to reach the buzzing bomb on the ceiling . her fingertip be just barely able to hit the button , but the sound continue . finally , she pull it off the wall and remove the battery . as she step off the chair , again , she hear a knock from the door . she turn and scan the room behind she , she eye fall on the back door . again she hear a knock . int . live room - night Kristen sit down on the chair in front of the entry way , listen . she can hear a hand slide up and down the wooden door . she rest on the chair , she knee rock the four leg back and forth on the hard wood floor . after a couple more knock on the door , it stop , and then nothing . the record be finish . the only sound come from she rock back and forth as the hardwood floor creak beneath she . outside , the wind chime tap against each other near the window . Kristen stand up and dig through she bag by the door eventually find she cell phone . she push the power button and it immediately beep and shut back off again . 21 . kristen fuck . she push the power button again ; a beep , then it turn itself off . after try unsuccessfully to get it to work she unzip she bag and dump most of they content onto the ground below she . she dig through the fold skirt , she bras and underwear until she find it . her cell phone charge slam it into the outlet on the wall near the fireplace Kristen frantically plug in she phone , then move for the kitchen . int . kitchen - night she pick up the receiver off the old rotary phone on the counter before realize that it be more a prop than anything else . there be no cord connect it to the wall . the wall jack be tape over . int . live room - night Kristen walk back into the live room , past the dead smoke alarm lie on the floor next to the wooden chair and go into the bedroom . she stop and stare at the dark doorway . int . bedroom - night under a pile of rise petal on the night stand , she find a cordless phone . she pick it up and get a dial tone . she get up on the bed to reach the window above it . she pull back the curtain slightly with one hand , as the other dial the phone quickly . she call James as she study the front yard . kristen where be you ? she climb down from the bed and head out of the room , peek down the hall . all be quiet . kristen ( cont have ) it 's nothing . it 's just weird . that girl come back . tamara ? 22 . int . hallway - night she walk into the hallway on the tip of she toe , each step slower than the last . the warm light from the live room wrap around she as she eye dart back and forth scan the space . int . dine room - night the candle still glow , casting shadow on the empty wall . she dig through the ashtray as she listen . she wipe away the ash from she hand on she dress before salvage a few drag leave on one of she cigarettes . kristen she just keep knock . I hear she voice . no , I do not open the door . ' Cause I do not want to . outside , the wind chime strike softly together in the breeze . as she listen to the other line she stare at the window . kristen ( cont have ) how much longer till you get back ? no , I be fine . it 's just weird . I be charge it right now . okay . just come back soon . okay . bye. James ...? she set the phone down on the table . the house be still . Kristen 's breath be the loudest thing in the room . the candle flicker on the table as she stand in silence . int . entry way ) - night by the entry way , the chair sit with the alarm on top of it . int . kitchen - night Kristen walk back into the kitchen and grab another beer . for more than a minute , she stand with she back to the window , lean against the counter and nursing she beer . she slide she bare foot back and forth across the tile floor as she drink . 23 . int . entry way - night across the room , near the front door and the chair , a man watch she . he be tall and slender . he wear a grey suit and a mask . it be a smiley face , like the button from the seventies , but the mask be white and the smile be a bit out of place . he watch she drink but she never turn he way . his mask seem to flow in and out of the light of the room as he rock back and forth . the pale white plastic seem to glow in the warmth of the lamp and fire and then just as quickly fade to gray then black . int . kitchen - night Kristen be oblivious to he presence . then , he be go out the front door . it close with a loud thud break Kristen of she trance . kristen James ? there be only silence . she look around the kitchen . quietly , she begin open drawer one by one until she find the utensil . she pull out a butcher knife half the size of she frail arm and turn around to face the empty room . int . dine room - night Kristen walk over to the candlelit table and pick up the phone . lift it to she ear , we hear the familiar beep of the cordless and then nothing . she laugh to herself and again the beep sound . kristen hello ? she dial the number . kristen ( cont have ) hello ? hello ? nothing . she quietly set the phone down near she ashtray and the remainder of James 's melting ice cream . 24 . again , she hear a knock on the door . her head whip in the direction of the noise . she pick up the phone and try it again . it be dead . int . live room - night Kristen walk to the live room and this time , as she pass the chair , she look down at the alarm rest in the middle of the seat . the knock on the door do not register on she face . fora few second , she just stare at the piece of plastic that she take from the ceiling and place on the floor without look up , she move towards the wall where only minute ago she have plugge in she phone . the outlet be empty . the phone be go . Kristen back away from the wall , then dive towards it , feel for the phone behind she bag and in the scattered clothes that lay on top of it . kristen this be not happen . out of the pile she pull out a pair of run shoe . she move over by the fire and start to untie the lace , but she keep she eye lock on the chair and beyond it to the door . silence . outside , she can hear the wind chime softly bump together against the wind . the fireplace crackle behind she back . two knock on the door . the cordless phone slip off the couch and , with a loud bang , hit the floor . Kristen 's eye dart back and forth between the phone and the door in front of she . she whisper to herself . kristen ( cont have ) oh my god . she grip the knife in she hand . the blade shine in the light from the fire . her foot remain bare . the wind chime strike again , but this time they be much louder ; a crash of medal rod slamm together and then silence . then , gradually they begin to clang together again . 25 . Kristen 's eye wander throughout the house behind she and into the dining room . eventually , they rest on the curtain over the window to the wind chime . int . dine room - night slowly , she get up , leave the phone and she shoe on the ground and walk over to the wave light of the candle . he hold the knife at she side and stare directly ahead ast the table , at the curtain . he walk on she tip toe past the ice cream and the ring ase and with she free hand , begin to feel around the wall ehind the curtain until she flip on the porch light . he very slightly jump when she hear the sound of a chair umped across the concrete , and then silence . she timidly eek through the crack where the two side of the curtain eet . the knife shake at she side . buon ton dmn risten look back over she shoulder at the entry way , but here be no knock . her hand slide up and down the edge for the curtain . the wind chime be only a couple of foot @boctxrn = sy < he lean back , throw the curtain all the way open . then , he see he . no t be brighter outside than in the room , and for a moment , he glare be confusing to she , but the outline of he mask be lear . she can see the smile . the man stand still , he nly movement a slight rock on the ball of he foot as he tare back into the window . hnooct+h hen , he touch the glass . risten scream , she cry full of dread and fear . she run oward the front door . as she pass the record player it lam to life , catch on the song from before . the same hrase begin repeat over and over in the quiet room . ho bdhaax da he race down the hallway to the entry way towards the front door , and the music , the skip voice , seem to follow she int . doorway - night Kristen open the large wooden door , but before she walk out , she stop and look into the blackness of the surround area . it be eerily calm outside . James be still not home . the empty street be completely desert . 26 . she be confuse . she hide behind the door , look over she shoulder , back towards the live room , and then forward again to the outside . she hear a slight movement from the yard but when she look out she see nothing . she thrust the door forward but then push it open again as she try to get away from the voice of the record player behind she . she stare out into the darkness , she eye try to see into the night . kristen hello ? nothing . woman ( 0.s. ) shut the door ! this time , Kristen slam it close and hear the champagne bottle James have leave earlier burst against the wood . again she be surround by the skip record , still blaring from the other room . he twist the door handle until it will not turn any farther . he door creek open and she peek outside again . he can see the leg of the girl from before . her eye raise igher and higher to where she face would be . there be just crack , a small space to see outside and for a second risten can not see anything at all . hen she see the white plastic . the red paint lip . risten slam the door when she come to the doll like eye . he face seem familiar , like a cartoon . strawberry hortcake . he fall to the ground , push against the door with all er might as the rug she be use for leverage slip away on he tile floor . run haas avaatwn a she slide up against the side wall and move towards the live room , knock over the chair and the fire alarm . int . house - night she run towards the live room , then to the parlor stop in front of the record player , knock the needle off the record . the house grow quiet . 27 . she run to the window , swinging the knife around towards the empty room , the window , and the door . she wait . suddenly , there be a knock on the door and Kristen scream . without think , she break for the back hallway and the bedroom . int . bedroom - night she run into the room and collapse near the night stand , try to force herself under the bed . she turn back search the hallway behind she for movement . then she push she body against the bed . James 's candle fall on top of she from the night stand . outside , she hear scream , it sound like someone be be murder outside the window , and then it be silent . women ( 0.s. ) pretty girl ... pretty girl .... pretty girl . finger begin tapping on the window . fingernail scrape across the glass . Kristen can not squeeze under the bed and as she try , she dress tear down the side . woman ( 0.s. ) ssh , ssh . the glass stop vibrate . woman ( 0.s. ) ( cont would ) we know where you be . Kristen reach up and pull the lamp down from the table . it sit at she foot as she try to turn off the light but there be no switch . she cut into the shade needlessly with the knife until finally she reach in and break the bulb with she hand . the room grow dark except for the light from the hallway . outside the window , she can hear the voice whisper and then silence . there be knock on the front door , once , then again . then there be bang over and over , while Kristen start moan to herself , push the knife out in front of she body . 28 . woman ( 0.s. ) ( cont would ) who be it ? Kristen stare at the window , then towards the knock . then it stop . she sit on the floor , she hand bleed as she squeeze the knife unconsciously . she stare at the hallway and begin crawl towards it , the sound of crunching glass beneath she knee . she hear a door open from the live room and freeze . she hold she breath as she listen to the movement in the other room . her eye be wide and she grip the knife even tighter . her knuckle go white as she hand shake sporadically . the record player turn on again . this time there be no skip . Kristen inch forward shoot glance at the window and the hallway . the glass crackle under she leg . jame Kristen ! kristen Jimmy ! Jimmy ! come here ! int . hallway - night she call out in a scream whisper . too afraid to commit one way or the other . she pull she leg over the old wood into the hallway as more and more of the live room come into view . int . live room - night James come out hold the break top of the champagne bottle and a plastic sack from the store . he see Kristen on the ground and the bottle fall from he hand . the back door swing open through the curtain . the noise cause he to turn and look . he focus back on Kristen , confuse by she appearance . jame what be you ... 29 . kristen . there be someone out there . jame what be you talk ab ... Kristen crawl over to he , grab desperately onto he jacket . he see the blood on she hand and on the floor and suddenly , he eye be as wide as hers . kristen ... shut up ! shut up ! come on . she pull he toward the bedroom , try to get he to follow she . he turn and go with she , take the knife from she bleed hand . she see the back door open and scream . jame baby . kristen they be in here ! jame Kristen . James have to pick she up , unsure as to what direction she now want to go . int . bedroom - night they rush into the bedroom and James sit she on the bed . he pick up the lamp and set it on the table . jame what happen ? kristen I do not know . the girl . she would not stop knock . there 's somebody out there . I do not know what happen . he lean down to she , wiping away the blood from she dress . she push past he and slam the door . she try to lock it , and then grab a chair and attempt to lodge it in the handle . the chair be too small . kristen ( cont have ) they might be in the house . help I . 30 . jame it 's okay . stop. stop ! how do you know there 's somebody out there ? kristen I see they ! James stand up and walk towards the window . he look outside the curtain but see nothing . jame it 's probably kid . you see that girl . she could not have be more than 15 . kristen it be aman . I see aman . at the window . jame you see he ? kristen he be wear a mask . jame wait ... Kristen freeze , James 's body tighten . kristen what be it ?! jame be quiet . I see one . a girl . she 's out there by the fence . you can see she outline . look . outside , at the far end of the yard , a girl stand next to the fence . it be too dark outside to see she face . Kristen rise from the bed and stand next to James at the window . jame ( cont have ) what be she do ? kristen she 's watch we . 31 . Kristen walk away . she lay back on the bed . James stay at the window , stare out . jame she 's just stand there . she know I can see she . kristen James . you can not see the mask . she 's wear a goddamn mask . jame she look like a ghost . kristen do not be stupid . this be real . I be not scared of fuck ghost . jame maybe I should go and talk with they ? kristen they do not want to talk . jame Jesus , calm down . they want something . James reach inside he pocket . something be miss . kristen what be it ? jame I leave my phone in the car . kristen oh god . jame calm down . you see what you be do ? stop . I do not know . I be gonna go out there and get it . kristen no . jame come on . this be fuck crazy . he walk to the window . 32 . kristen where 's she at ? he scan back and forth , search everywhere in he sight line . kristen ( cont have ) where be she at ? jame she 's go . int . entry way - night Kristen follow he but only to the foot of the door . jame stay here . she nod . kristen gimmie the knife back . he go to hand it to she , but stop . jame in a second . ext . porch - night the front door creek , stick slightly on its hinge before James pull it open . for a second , he pause , look around the empty yard . outside it be quiet , but a slow rumble fill the air . James slowly walk out onto the porch and then pull the door close behind he . Kristen 's face grow smaller and smaller behind the crack until it be go . he can hear the door lock behind he . ext . house - night James 's foot splash gently in the puddle leave from the champagne bottle and they leave a trail behind he as he walk onto the grass in front of the house . 33 . his car sit a few foot away . the window be break out and the tire be slashed , but the engine purr . the car be run . James 's key jangle loosely beside he , he ignition key still in he hand . jame what ? ( whisper ) James take a few step further out into the yard . he circle in the grass , check all around he . the knife be extend out in he hand as he point it in all direction at once . he walk closer to the car . the engine grow louder as he inch towards it . the headlight shine out onto the wooden fence beside the house . it be hard to see inside . James crouch to he knee as he approach , stare inside what be leave of the side window . the car be empty . he reach inside the break window , feel around for the ignition . the car be hot wire . he hear laughter from the darkness . woman ( 0.s. ) be tamara home ? the woman call out from the street . she be stand under a street light , 50 foot away . James turn to she cautiously . he can barely see she in the light . her face be cover by she hair . jame what do you want ? woman be tamara home ? James take a step closer . she laugh . jame get the fuck away from here . in the darkness he can hear laughter again . it be another woman 's voice , somewhere behind he . James search around , try to find the source of the sound . 34 . he turn back to where the woman stand , but she be go . he can hear footstep in the grass around he , and then it be silent . the car hum . int . porch - night Kristen peek she head out the door . she see James . kristen James ? jame go back inside . kristen oh my god , James what happen ? jame go back inside ! woman ( 0.s. ) go back inside . Kristen scream . James open the car door and feel around the seat . jame Kristen , go . I be gonna find my phone . she reluctantly close the door . James stare at the porch . woman ( 0.s. ) go back inside . he climb inside the car . the glass crack underneath the seat from the break windshield . he search for he phone , he hand pull back every few second when he get cut by a piece of glass . he stare out in front of the car to the brightly light fence in front of he . the net from the basketball goal be swinging in the wind . he put the car in gear and it begin to creak along the pavement . the car rock back and forth over the loose rubber of the flat tire , but it do not move . James struggle to put the car back in park . he search again under the seat for he phone . outside the car he can hear movement on the pavement . 35 . James panic . he swing the knife out the window as he head duck down by the gear shift . he yell out to the house . there be no response . jame Kristen ! only the sound of the engine . he step out of the car and lean down , honk the horn . woman ( 0.s. ) go back inside ! he turn around but no one be there . he honk again , but keep he eye focus on the shadow , scan the empty yard . he look back to the street where the girl have be stand . James honk the horn one last time . turn he attention back to the road , he walk towards the street light . ext . STREET - night the gravel under he foot crackle as he make he way towards the pool of light . he turn back to the porch every few step to see if anyone have come close to the door . then , he shoot a glance towards the car . finally , he reach the street light . jame let I see you ! nothing . James hold the knife up in he air like a trophy . jame ( cont have ) what do you want ? the car idle . James look down the long road towards the highway . it be at least a mile . James walk across the yard towards the front porch . this time the door be unlock . 36 . int . entry way - night Inside , the room be full of music . James be on edge as he walk towards the live room , the knife extend out in front of he . jame Kristen ! int . parlor - night Kristen sit next to the record player , she knee pull up to she chest . kristen James . jame what be you do ? kristen I want to hear music . baby , I be so scared . James drop the knife to he side , relax . jame I want you to get you thing . put you shoe on . Kristen lower she eye . she stare out to the dining room . it be quiet . the candle flicker . kristen they cut the phone line . jame what ? but , you call I ? kristen they cut the phone after . jame why do not you tell I ? kristen it just happen . all of it . jame where 's you phone . 37 . kristen they take it . jame be you fuck kid I ? he reach over she rip the needle off the record . jame ( cont have ) we have to get out of here ! kristen we can not go . jame the car work . outside , the horn honk and the couple both freeze , stare towards the wall . kristen that 's what they want . do you hear that ? they be wait . jame I do not give a good goddamn what they want . int . dine room - night James walk over and check the back door behind he . his hand be shaking . he stare down to they while he back be turn to Kristen . jame let 's just go . she nod she head . ext . porch - night the door open and in a instant the honk stop . James and Kristen run out towards the car , James swinging the knife in all direction in the darkness . silence . 38 . int . car - night James reach the driver 's side and Kristen the passenger . he throw the car in reverse and instantly the car lunge backwards , slowly move towards the road . Kristen search in each direction , look for sign of the stranger . the metal rim squeal on the concrete driveway . then , she see the headlight on the road . kristen James . look . a old pickup truck speed towards they as James continue to try and force the car backwards . kristen ( cont have ) James . honk the horn , get they attention . he sound out the horn into the night again as the truck get closer and closer to the house . it slow to a stop in front of the driveway , then turn towards they . the back windshield , still unbroken , suddenly fill with light and James throw the car in park . jame Fucking thank God . he open he door , but then Kristen see it . she grip James shoulder and he turn and see the man in the mask stand in the headlight a few foot in front of they . the car be suddenly dark and when Kristen turn around , she can see the driver . she can see another mask kristen get out of the car . jame what ? James react just as the pickup truck slam into they rear . the car be thrust forward , back to its original spot and Kristen and James throw open they door and run towards the house . 39 . ext . house - night neither the man in the mask , nor the driver react . but as James enter the house he can hear the horn of the blue sedan ring out in the night . int . live room - night Kristen collapse on the ground near they luggage . James fall against the wall . neither speak , they be out of breath . Kristen slide to the plastic bag James bring from the store . she pull a cigarette from the bag and get up , move back into the dinning room , to light it off the candle . her hand be shaking , blood drip on the table cloth , but she do not notice . int . dinning room - night James abruptly pull a napkin from one of the place setting and the silverware slam against the plate he have laid out he grab she hand softly and wipe away the blood before wrapping the napkin around she wound . kristen she would not stop knock ! I should have leave , I could have warn you . jame ssh . this not you fault . do not think about it . for the next few minute , there be no action , and for a while , there be no scream , but outside the car keep honk . then , it be silent . int . kitchen - night James walk over to the kitchen , bring back a jug of water from the refrigerator . he pour a glass for Kristen , but he drink from the gallon himself . jame before , I see one of they ... near the highway . when I be go to get cigarettes , I see one . 40 . not the gi es ge oh , she be under one of the street light as I pass she . it be not the first girl . she be taller . she have a Halloween mask on . something like a pin up girl . kristen that be the one drive the truck . jame she be just on the road . I do not even really see she , you know . she wave at I . int . dine room - night Kristen stare at the water in the glass as she think about what he have say . a thick haze of smoke rise above they head . kristen they be wear mask . they sit in silence , the situation sink in . jame they be everywhere out there . I could hear they laugh . James say this to himself more than to Kristen . they both sit stare at the wall of the house , listen . kristen what do they want ? why be they do this to we ? James look out towards the window . he do not hear she even though she be right in front of he . kristen ( cont have ) James ? Jimmy ? jame it do not matter . kristen yes it do . he turn back to she . his eye pierce she face . 41 . jame no it do not . look at I . not tonight . look at I . do not think about why , okay . they be bad . if they come through this door again , all I will be think about be how to get they the fuck out . they be not like you . kristen that 's not good enough . that 's not a reason . jame you do not need a reason to be afraid . they will not give we a reason if they get inside . James put the bottle between he foot and stand up . at first , it seem like he be on a mission but then he trail off stop a few foot from the entry way . kristen what time be it ? James do not respond . he stare at the couch . kristen ( cont have ) what time be it ? James ? he look at the back door again . he switch off the two lamp , then walk over to the parlor and the room go dark kristen ( cont no ) what ? jame it 's my phone . kristen where ? James walk over to the couch and pick it up . the battery be miss . he turn to Kristen . jame they be in here again . kristen what be we go to do ? 42 . Kristen stand up , search all around she . he do not answer she . int . hallway - night they walk side by side down the hallway . Kristen softly tug at James . he look up at she jame it 's alright . he squeeze she hand . int . bedroom - night they enter the room again . move along the side of the wall , as far out of the light as possible . James flip off the ceiling light and they crouch down listen . kristen we could climb out . maybe the neighbor ? jame no one 's out here after the fall . the whole street be dead . most people do not even come out here anymore . outside , they can hear the leave crunching under the stranger 's foot , but they do not speak . then , just silence . James steal quick glance over the window ledge . jame ( cont have ) I do not see they . kristen let 's check the other room . int . hallway - night James lead Kristen into the hall . he peek into the live room . nothing have change . Kristen open the door to another bedroom and call out to James in a whisper . 43. kristen I think I see one . James they be watch we . they be out there . jame Close the door . he kneel down in the hallway . she close the door and lean down over he . he wrap he arm around she thigh . kristen what be it ? jame I have not hear a dog bark . ora car pass . they honk the horn for at least a couple of minute . nothing . not since we have be here . it 's just we and they . she sit down close beside he . James do not let go of she leg . they sit in silence listen to the quiet house . jame ( cont have ) how 's you hand ? she remember she cut and distractedly squeeze she homemade bandage . kristen it hurt . jame we should get up . kristen okay . neither one of they move . kristen ( cont have ) wait . just for a second . just sit here . please . she put she head on James 's shoulder and close she eye . James rest he head back on the wall behind they , let out a long , slow breath . the wind pick up outside . it blow the wind chime outside the window . 44 . after a little while , Kristen 's breath grow deeper as she rest besides James . James stare forward listen to the house . flashback : int . HOTEL hallway - late afternoon James walk back and forth between two room . his hand be full of fast - food bag and drink . he stop himself from knock on one of the door . unsure , he pause , then press he ear against the door . he back away , surveying the two choice again . then , he knock on both . Kristen open the door . jame I could not remember which be ours . kristen you be a retard . she take the drink from he . int . HOTEL bathroom - late afternoon Kristen 's paint toe twist on the bathroom mat as she go to the bathroom . the sink fill with water beside she . she stare into the large mirror beside she . she look beautiful . her high -heel rest on the ground in front of she . int . HOTEL - late afternoon James take out the hamburger and pour the french fries on top of the bag . the room be dark as the shade block out the bright sunlight from outside . warm light mix with the cool of the television . James open the closet and pull out the rental bag for he tuxedo . he take he shirt off and walk over to the bathroom . int . bathroom - late afternoon Kristen stand in front of the mirror touch up she makeup . 45 . jame ( 0.s. ) be you okay ? he call through the door . kristen yeah . just a second . int . HOTEL - late afternoon James walk over to the dresser , pull open one of the drawer . he shoot a quick glance at the bathroom door again . his hand feel inside before Kristen can walk through the door . when she walk out , he be already on the bed . kristen be you wait ? jame yeah . kristen thanks . you do not have to . they sit down in front of the tv on the edge of the bed . Kristen put on a robe she bring from the closet . int . HOTEL - late afternoon they sit and watch television while they eat in silence . int . HOTEL - late afternoon James stand up and walk over to the window , peek through a crack . jame can I open they ? kristen yeah . jame it 's just that it be dark in here . kristen it 's okay . I do not care . 46 . the room fill with bright , almost overwhelming , light . Kristen lay back on the bed . reaching for she cigarettes . James change clothes as they listen to the advertisement for pay per view . Kristen watch he as he stand in the mirror , slowly turn himself into a gentleman . jame time to get up . kristen I do not wanna . she pout like a little girl . jame we gotta . kristen Fine . she stand up next to he in front of the mirror and drop she robe . jame good enough to eat . Kristen walk away and James slap she on the ass . int . HOTEL bathroom - late afternoon she do some last minute touch up in the bathroom . int . HOTEL - late afternoon James make he way to the dresser again . he open the drawer and pull out a small ring case , shove it in he pocket . Kristen walk in as he straighten the bed . kristen be you ready , freddie ? jame yeah . kristen last chance to stay and get naked ? 47 . jame do not toy with I woman . he turn off the tv , then switch it back on . jame ( cont have ) I want to rent this sometime . kristen sure . they both look at the mirror one last time . then James turn and face she . she straighten he tie . int . HOTEL hallway - late afternoon they walk down the empty hallway . Kristen grab James 's hand . flashback end : int . hallway - night James touch the side of Kristen 's face but she remain still . his hand move across she face , she lip , and eventually she breathe change and she take a deep gentle gasp . her eye flicker for a few second until she open they . jame baby . Kristen nod , still out of it . they both stare towards the ceiling . neither one speak nor look in the other 's direction . Kristen reach over and tug at James 's hand . he roll he head over and they lock eye . for a moment , they seem to communicate without word . jame ( cont have ) let 's do it quick . kristen I be sorry . jame I have to go too . 48 . they get up slowly , the weight of they body cause loud shift on the hard wood floor . they crawl towards one of the open doorway . Kristen enter first , James follow , the knife slide on the ground in front of he . int . bathroom - night Kristen do not bother to turn the light on as she approach the toilet . James sit by the door , guard it as Kristen finish . she kneel down by the sink . James do not rush she jame I should have ask you a long time ago . it should not have take this long . kristen . it do not matter . jame it matter to I . if I have not ... 1 be scared . I like you Mom . kristen why do you have to wait ? I want ... I need you to ask I . jame you should have tell I . kristen James ? jame I wish you would have tell I . he watch she bare foot slide across the tile . her toe nail blood red against the smooth white ground . Kristen stare up at the light on the ceiling . the faucet drip once , then again . a spider have make a web above they . kristen I be lie . jame what ? what do you mean ? 49 . kristen James , I can not . I do not want to talk about this now . James do not move . he do not say a word . the silence hang above they . eventually , Kristen speak again . Kristen 's kristen ( cont have ) it be too late . even then . I do not think about it until now . I do not think about it . but I know it be . jame what be you say ? kristen that day when my mom ... when she die . my dad call , remember . it be a Saturday . we be go to lunch . he call and I go into the bedroom and he tell I . I remember fall to my knee and the way the weight feel against my bare skin . it burn . I be kneel on the ground hold the phone in my right hand and look at my knee . hand float in the hair beside she face . kristen ( cont have ) but for a minute I do not call for you . she clear she throat . James be still . kristen ( cont have ) my dad be talk , tell I about a plane ticket . I can remember the sound of he voice , but not the word . you know ? just he voice . I just stare down at my knee . you come in after a few more second and when you put you arm around I it feel good . but I do not need it the way I think I would . I do not call for you . the way I think should . 50 . James stare down the hallway . then he lock eye with Kristen . jame I do not know what to say . kristen neither do i. int . hallway - night on the roof above they , they hear a footstep . at first , it almost sound like thunder , but then as the second and third rattle the ceiling , the sound become clear to they both . Kristen join James in stand , as they both gape at the ceiling . they eye follow the footstep as someone walk across the top of the house . kristen how many be up there ? jame it could be one . I do not know . maybe two . a loud pound begin to rumble on the roof . James duck he head without think . it seem right above they . jame ( cont have ) what do they want we to do ? kristen James , I do not want to wait for they to come through that door . I be scared . jame it 'il be bright outside soon . kristen no , it will not . we have at least a hour . they know that . jame we could go for the car ? try and make it down the road . it might be we only chance . kristen what if it 's not ? 51 . jame then we be go to die in here . or there . or maybe they 's 1l go away . or maybe they will not . but this way we have a chance to get out . above they the footstep rain down like a hail storm . jame ( cont have ) we have to try . can you run ? kristen I can make it . jame we just have to go . whatever happen , listen to I , just go . she nod she head and they walk into the live room . int . entry way - night then they move down the dark hall towards the door . James crack it open and look outside . he can hear the engine run but the car be out of view . he close the door softly and whisper to Kristen . jame I do not know if they be out there . kristen we should try . James 's hand rest on the door handle . with a gentle nudge , the door click close . kristen ( cont no ) James ? jame yeah ? kristen they have stop move up there . she look towards the ceiling . the house be eerily quiet . 52 . jame I be just gonna throw the door open . then , you run . she stare at the ceiling . James turn the knob of the door jame ( cont have ) Kristen ! she snap out of she trance and look towards the door . jame ( cont have ) be you ready ? kristen no . jame we have to go . kristen give I a second . just wait . her eye wander around the house . she move back towards the live room and search the wall . kristen ( cont have ) they want we to come this way . they know we will try . jame maybe we can make it . she stare past he to the front door , almost look past it . kristen do you father have a gun ? jame no. kristen he have to , he , he kill thing . she motion to the deer mount on the wall in the live room . jame he buy that thing . that head . they come with the house . 53 . kristen he have to . she stare at the dead animal . jame not since I be a boy . kristen where have he keep it ? James walk past she into the live room . jame fuck , maybe he do . as James look around at the wall , he tone change . jame ( cont have ) Holy shit , we could fuck shoot ’em . kristen think . again , footstep pound above they and they both look up at the ceiling . jame let 's go to the bedroom . I think he hide it in the bedroom . they both move towards the back bedroom . James pick the knife up from ground by the front door and cast a few glance over he shoulder as he follow Kristen out of the room . int . hallway - night they move down the hall at a snail 's pace , both now hold knife as they walk back into the darkness . the step on the roof resume , but have become more sporadic . they hit hard and fast , every few second , and then they be go . 54 . int . bedroom - night Broken glass crack under the weight of James 's rent shoe as he brushes away the shard so that Kristen can walk inside . James open the fold door of the closet . Kristen stop he with she hand , motion around the room . kristen listen . they be talk about we . I bet they can see we through the window . int . closet - night he tug at the cord inside the walk - in closet and the hang bulb come to life . James dig through the clothes , push back box until he find what he be search for . he pull the gun out from behind the clothes and show it to Kristen like a prize . jame it 's still here . he be gonna sell it . Kristen nod , move over to the door of the room and look down the hall . James go back to digging in the bottom of the closet , carelessly knock thing over . int . hallway - night it be silent inside the house . Kristen look down the hallway at the overturn chair lie on the ground . the fire alarm still rest beside it . a loud slam rock the ceiling and she almost let out a scream , but she catch herself , cover she mouth with she hand . she run back inside the room and find James on he knee look through shoe box . int . closet - night jame what be it ? 55 . kristen nothing . what be you do ? jame he use to hide the bullet . we always have to find they . finally , a pink box make for woman 's shoe rattles in James ' hand . he drop the top and pull out a pile of remain shell . he slide the gun into he lap and try to load it , but he cannot open the barrel . kristen what be it ? jame I have never use this . I have not even see a gun in 5 year . there be no sound from the roof above . James sit on he knee hold the shotgun in he lap . Kristen stand behind he . her hand rest on he shoulder . jame ( cont have ) I do not know how to use this . kristen you say you use to hunt , with you dad . jame I do not . it be just something I say . my dad hate hunt ... kill thing . I mean , I know my way around when I use to go camp . he squeeze the handle in he hand . jame ( cont have ) my friend in college ... it be just something I say . I just say I could , when we would talk . kristen at least we have it . jame if I fire a shot , maybe they 's 1l just go away . 56 . James stand up , but he leg seem weak at first until he lean on the wall . kristen James ? jame it 's a gun . kristen what ? jame it 's a gun . kristen James . jame nothing . nothing . I be just tired . they walk out , move towards the live room , the shell still in James 's hand . int . entry way - night he kneel in front of the live room try to open the gun . kristen we have to go . jame I know ! gimmie a second . wait the first strike against the door sound like little more than a knock . James and Kristen slam against the wall . stare at the door . the second blow send a small piece of wood the size of a roll of quarter past they onto the hard wood floor where it rattles against the couch . with the third crash , James grab Kristen by the shoulder , and move she away from the entry way and the front door . 57 . int . entry way - night the door shake again and again as a axe begin to slice through it . James can see the smiley face in the front porch light as the man in the mask wind over and over and strike the front door . he pause , stare at James and Kristen , the mask fill the hole . they can hear he breathe through the door . jame we have to find something . we have to block the door . kristen get away from here ! go away ! jame Kristen ! int . live room - night he toss the gun on the ground and Kristen join he at the piano as he begin push it towards the entry way . jame push as hard as you can . a side table near they bag get knock over and James pick it up in one motion and toss it over the couch . it crash down through the glass table , but neither one seem to notice . jame ( cont have ) keep go ! the piano scrape against the wall as the ax slice into the front door . jame ( cont have ) we have to get block it ! int . entry way - night the thick door be tear to shred by the time they get there . James slam the end of the piano against what be leave as the man in the mask reach for the lock . 58 . kristen James ! the blade push through the door into the piano let out a loud rumble that vibrate throughout the large instrument James continue to push as the piano slide back and forth between the man . finally , it stop move . int . live room - night James return to the live room , almost knock Kristen down as he grab a arm chair and throw it towards the entry way hall . again , the piano moan , but this time no sound follow . Kristen watch the hole in the front door , search for the ghostly smile . James continue to grab random object , toss they past she towards the door he pick up the gun and slap it like a child , try to get it to work . Kristen move in close beside he but he do not notice she . he be in a trance like state , he eye never leave the door she pull the gun out of he hand and search for a switch anything that might make the gun accessible . finally , with the flip of a knob , the barrel open and Kristen clumsily shove two of the shell into the weapon , James turn to she and pull the gun back into he own hand . he be shaking and Kristen retreat , shocked at he behavior . kristen God ? what be you do !? he stick the remain shell in he pocket and turn towards the door , toss one last book towards the doorway . kristen ( cont have ) he 's go . James he 's go . jame no he 's not . kristen stop it . he fire a shot at the hole . both he and Kristen stumble back from the force of the blast . 59 . kristen ( cont have ) stop it ! she fight he momentarily as he try to throw they bag down the hall . James hit both knee , gasp for air . Kristen fall back against the wall stare at the hole in the door . the gun tumble out of he hand onto the ground . James glance at the back door . jame this be real . this be real . kristen baby ... jame do not call I that ! for a second he attention come back to she . kristen I be sorry . James kick the wall . then he grab the gun and push she towards the back hallway . kristen ( cont have ) what be you do ? jame fuck this . he turn and yell towards the door . jame ( cont have ) fuck you ! int . study - night James walk around in the dark and begin prepare . with a loud crash , he toss a book shelf over and the ground be suddenly cover in book , break picture frame and trophy . Kristen climb over the pile use James 's arm as a guide and they both crouch down behind it . he slide the barrel of the gun back and forth along the shelf until finally rest it to aim directly at the door 60 . James have grow quiet . he seem distance as he stare behind the barrel of the gun . kristen be you okay ? jame I will not die here . we ’1ll sit here till the fuck cop come , or whatever . but I will not fuck die . a grandfather clock sit in the darkness , just beyond the light shine in from the hallway . the sound of tick overshadow they nervous breathe as they wait for something to happen . James open the barrel , drop in a shell and load another one and close it . he open and close it again just double check . ext . STREET - night at first , in the darkness , there be only footstep and then a soft metallic clink . under a street light a old man walk in the early morning . he wear a old fishing cap deep on he brow , he pants hang just above he bright white tennis shoe . he pass by mailbox and streetlight and then nothing but the open field between house . he be half the distance to the house with blue saturn . this part of the street be still quiet . every so often , there be the sound of the metal against the old ground . and footstep . in he hand , he carry a wear down putter . he use it asa cane , but he do not need one . he be still strong . the metal bounce off the sidewalk every couple of foot or so as he walk , he pace quick and determine . int . study - night James lie on he stomach , he eye focus on the doorway in front of he . Kristen lie beside he stare at the wall in darkness . the only sound be the grandfather clock tick in the corner 61 . kristen James ? he do not reply . ext . STREET - night the old man be about three house down when he see the batter four- door in the parking lot of the house . at first , it be too far to see clearly , but it have catch he attention . when he get to the same street light where the woman have stand , he can hear the car run . he stand under the light stare at the strange sight . in the shadow next to the house , a white mask hover near the window . the old man do not see it as he approach the house slowly . the putter be quiet now , the soft sound blend with the footstep as he cross the yard . when he reach the porch he can still see the footstep James have leave earlier in the grass . he gaze at the car for a few second and then reach over and push the doorbell . he curiously investigate the damage on the wood in front of he . he stand wait for a response , but after a few second , he walk around the side of the house to the car and the bright head light . in the bright light he pause in front of the hood , the engine still hum . he walk towards the fence and open it with a slight tug , enter the back yard . the back door be open and he walk in without hesitate . in the field , another mask be watch . int . dine room - night the old man walk past the table , the putter lead the way as the sound vibrate on the hardwood floor . every few second he pause , stare at the destroy room . he pick up the phone on the bar and listen to the dead air . then he pull a cell phone out of he pocket and hold it at he side . 62 . int . study - night James tighten as they listen to the sound of the putter slapping against the ground . Kristen squeeze the leg of James 's pants . int . hallway - night the old man walk past the spot on the floor where James and Kristen be a few minute ago and then pass the bathroom . he fade deeper and deeper into darkness as he move to the bedroom and the sound of the putter echoe louder and louder until finally , silence . the sound of a grandfather clock tics in the darkness as he stare into a open door . old man hello ? a gunshot flicker in the room and the sound be deafen . the putter and the man hit the ground at the same time . like that , it be over . int . study - night Kristen lie on she side , she head press tight against the overturn bookshelf . she hold she ringing ear as she stare at James 's hand still squeezing the trigger . neither one of they move . James stare forward at the foot that lay on the floor . the wall behind the body seem wet , like it just rain a dark liquid . jame I hit someone . he say this almost in a whisper . jame ( cont have ) Kristen , I shot somebody . she look up at he from the ground . jame ( cont have ) do you hear I ? 63 . kristen I hear you . jame I shot the man . kristen what 's he do ? jame I think he 's dead . James roll over , leave the gun against the bookshelf . he lie back next to Kristen , tremble . James cough , almost gag . he can not seem to stop . the clock tick on the wall beside they . kristen they will not bother we anymore . jame I fuckin’ shot he . kristen we can just wait here now . James nod he head over and over , he eye close . jame I hit he in the face . he walk right into it . right where I be aim . he just walk into ... kristen do you see he mask ? jame what ? he be still . his eye be close . kristen do you see he mask ? jame just shut up . she roll over and stare at the foot of the man . the golf club lie beside he leg . 64 . kristen I be so sorry . jame be quiet . James open he eye and stare at the wall . the room be quiet ; the tick clock the only sound . the room suddenly fill with noise as the clock strike 5 in the morning . James and Kristen both jump at the sound . James reach for the gun on impulse and then they both just listen as the bell clamor five time . then , they stop and just the tick echoe through the room again . jame ( cont have ) I shot he . kristen it 's okay . she reach over to he and without think he slide away towards the wall . jame he do not wear one . he lean up and turn face the man . jame ( cont have ) he do not have a mask . kristen what ? James get to he knee , then slowly he climb past the bookshelf , leave the gun as he head towards the door . a pool of blood have form around the body and it roll towards James . the floor be slant . James 's hand slide out from underneath he and he catch himself on the door frame . he leave a bloody hand print near the light switch . kristen ( cont have ) come back . 65 . James ignore she , lean he head through the door frame . it be hard to see in the hallway , but as James hover over the body it become clear to he that this be a old man . kristen ( cont no ) James ? jame just shut up . his tone be cruel . Kristen crawl towards he . her hand touch the back of he shoulder . he push she away without even look she direction . instead , he eye be focus on the body underneath he . the old man 's hand grip the unseen phone , inch away from James 's leg . Kristen start to cry behind he . kristen answer I ! jame it 's not he . kristen how do you know ? jame give I the gun . kristen how do you know ! on the roof above he they hear a footstep . James turn back to she . jame give I the gun ! kristen no ! he leap upon she and throw she to the ground . jame I remember he . I have see he before . do you understand ? do you !? 66 . he press he weight against Kristen . she be cry , scream . James cry as well . kristen get off I ! her tone be unsympathetic . she be become angry . jame I kill a man . kristen do not touch I ! James pull off of she and fall on the ground beside she they both cry in the darkness . the clock tick beside they . on the roof they hear another footstep . kristen ( cont have ) it be not you fault . jame I pull the trigger . kristen you ...ca not ... do not think ... jame what do you want to say ? there be nothing . I do it , they make I . oh , fuck ! I might go to jail . Kristen reach over to he . kristen you will not go ... jame there 's no one here . I kill a old man . no one else . he live on this street ! she try to grab he , hug he . jame ( cont have ) do not touch I . TI should not be touch . he pull away from she and stand up . she follow he wiping she runny nose . 67 . int . dine room - night there be a nervous energy building as they approach the dining room . the candle on the table be now half melt . James run he finger through the flame over and over he walk towards the curtain . jame I have to find they . kristen do not leave I alone in here ! what be you talk about ? jame I do not know what to do . they be out there , fuck laugh . goddamn it . kristen what if somebody 's in here ? he be red in the face . sweat build on he forehead . jame I want you to hide . I do not want to argue . James reach into the curtain and open the door , then he push the gun barrel into the night sky . he fire a shot out the door . the force shove he back a bit , but he hold he position . his frustration build as he attempt to open the gun and reload . again , he slap at the metal . jame ( cont have ) goddammit ! the barrel suddenly comply and click open . James slide two shell in and snap the gun close . he pull back the curtain and see the window of the door clearly this time . he stumble back , run into the dining room table and then roll off it onto the ground . the gun crash to the floor . Kristen scream as James pick up the gun and swing it towards the back door . 68 . written in lipstick , on the window pane be : killer James slam the door and pull the curtain back over the window . Kristen scream again . jame just go and hide . he pull the corner of the curtain aside and peek out again . kristen do not leave I in here . she grab a hold of he , squeezing he in she arm , plead with he . kristen ( cont no ) do not go . jame let go . do it ! kristen please . jame there 's a barn outside . do you see it ? there 's a barn . we use to have a 4 wheeler . maybe it 's still out there . if I be not back ... just go there if I do not come back he pull away from she and she fall to the ground . he yank the door open through the curtain and run outside . Kristen follow he but stop on the porch . kristen James ! ext . house - night she watch James run away from she and into the black night . his foot be like brick as he cross the damp grass carry the heavy gun . with each step away from the house , he fall further into darkness . he swing the barrel in every direction at once as he search the shadow around he . 69 . only he foot on the grass give any perspective to where he be . he turn back , look at the house , to where Kristen stand on the porch stare out at he . then , he turn the corner of the partial fence that separate the backyard from the acre surround the house , and disappear . ext . back porch - night Kristen do not go any further . it be cold outside and she shiver as she struggle to see any sign of James or the stranger . her body dance from side to side , the concrete cold against she foot . the wind chime blow harder than ever before in the night breeze . off the side of the house , a rag american flag swing in the darkness . it rattles against its cheap aluminium pole , try to escape . Kristen 's eye be draw to it . then she look towards the black field in front of she . she can hear James 's footstep from behind the fence , she try to whisper to he , but after a couple of try , she just listen . she hear a footstep on the roof and retreat , but she foot catch the edge of the doorway . she stumble slightly , grab the curtain for support as she fall inside . flashback : int . HOTEL - night the curtain near the balcony blow in the gentle breeze pass through the open window . a security light outside cast a green glow throughout the back of the room that slightly touch the edge to the bed . James be asleep . his back face Kristen , who stare at the ceiling above she . kristen James ? she whisper . it be barely noticeable . 70 . kristen ( cont no ) James ? he open he eye , not sure of what he have hear . he stare at the window , listen . kristen ( cont have ) be you awake ? jame yeah . kristen I have a bad dream . she sit up slightly and try to see over he shoulder . his eye be close again . kristen ( cont no ) James . jame yeah . yes . be you okay ? he can hear she hand move around the night stand . a glass bump into the base of the lamp . his key slide across the wood , fall onto the carpet below . Kristen light a cigarette . James turn over on he back and they both stare up at the ceiling . jame ( cont have ) what time be it ? kristen 5:00 . jame you should sleep . kristen I want to , but not now . James be drift , he eye grow heavy and close , then he fight they back open . jame what be you dream about ? 71 . kristen I do not remember . I mean , I know you be in it . there be a monster . jame we should get you a dreamcatcher . something to protect you . kristen what 's that ? jame I do not know . I can not remember . hippies keep they . James take a drink of he water , then reach and grab the cigarette from the ashtray she have rest on she chest . kristen you should not do that . jame I be not . he take a drag . kristen I be a bad influence . jame you be the only influence . but it 's fine . just with you . that 's the only time I smoke anymore . she take the cigarette back gently and take a drag , exhaling slowly . kristen it 's so quiet here . no one be walk around . jame that 's why I like hotel . at night , you walk around the hall and you can feel the world around you sleep . nobody move . 72 . int . hallway - night James and Kristen walk down the long hallway . James wear just he pants and carry the ice bucket loosely in he hand . Kristen wear a robe and have she hair pull up on top of she head . kristen it 's so cold . jame just think about the bed . it 's warm in the bed . kristen can not this wait till tomorrow ? jame I be thirsty . I need ice . we could be sleep . they reach the ice machine . the silence be break by the sound of ice knock against the bottom of the bucket . the rumble of the machine fill the quiet hall around they . Kristen get a candy bar from the machine while she wait . kristen I need to get fatter anyway . jame shut up . quit talk about my girlfriend . James 's tone be not sympathetic . it be more annoyed . kristen I be a fatty . jame oh my god . please . shut up . I be not go to argue with you at 5:30 in the morning . I will not do it . kristen Fine . jame you be fuck beautiful . 73. they walk back towards they room . she clomp along next to he , wear he oversize shoe . int . HOTEL room - night James sit on the floor near the window . Kristen eat she candy bar in the bed . kristen come back . jame I will . I just wanna see the sun . it 's about to come up over there . I have not see a sunrise since college . Kristen grab a cigarette . James watch the flame flicker as she light it in the darkness . they both be content to sit for a moment , to wait for the sun . Kristen watch the smoke rise above she and filter out the balcony door . kristen come back to bed . jame I will . just a second . James gaze at the light grow brighter on the horizon . jame ( cont have ) be you happy ? kristen sometimes . jame that 's not enough . kristen I do not think I can try any harder . jame I 'il help you . kristen you can not . 74 . jame I will . kristen you can not . James 's skin grow brighter every second now . Kristen remain in the darkness . jame I love you . Kristen be silent . kristen I know . Kristen cough , then take a drag . flashback end : int . dine room - night from where Kristen sit , next to the doorway , she can see the outline of the barn through the curtain . a small light shine on the side of the tin building . she turn back to the live room . the hole in the front door whistle in the wind . her hand reach across the table behind she until she grab a hold of the cigarettes and James 's match . she light one and breathes deeply , let she smoke blow out onto the porch in front of she . a cat sit a hundred foot away from she in the yard . she watch its glassy eye stare back at she . it be calm , but its ear rotate around , take in the little noise of the outdoors . on the roof , Kristen hear the familiar pound of footstep , but she eye never leave the cat . she unconsciously swivel the ring around she finger . a scream from a woman be hear from the direction James run earlier . 75 . ext . house - night the cat take off for the field and Kristen run out after James . her cigarette drop to the concrete as she bare foot slap across the pavement and then disappear in the tall grass . she can not see James , but in the distance , she can make out the shadow of the barn at the end of the property . she can hear someone behind the fence as she approach . then , she hear a man 's voice that be not like James 's . she turn for the barn . he house grow smaller behind she as she push closer to he tin building . the sound of footstep suddenly appear rom the side of she as she run . risten turn around and see the outline of someone backlit y the porch as they be fast approach she . he turn around and she foot catch on a hole in the earth . he slam into the ground . no ox acto the wind be knock out of she and , for a moment , Kristen lie on the grass , gasp . she be still half way to the barn . Kristen roll over and try to stand , but she collapse back down again . the footstep behind she have stop . she can only hear she own breathe . Kristen 's hand reach for she ankle . she face back towards the house and see a flash as a gunshot ring out in the night . the shadow of one of the girl dart across the window of the back porch . the girl run towards the side of the house , where the gunshot appear . Kristen get to she knee and frantically look around for sign of someone chase she . she begin crawl slowly towards the barn . pit in the earth , the size of hoof print , tear at she skin as she pull she body towards the barn door . she be hurt and with she every move she face grimace in pain . behind she , the other woman walk fifty foot away . as they approach the light on the barn , it reveal she mask , a fifty pin up girl . she make no effort to Kristen 's every stop , forward . ext . barn night Kristen reach the ba Kristen glance back a open she mouth the pin she come closer and c Kristen , a shriek v move . when she be a foot away from Kristen turn on she back , he her dress be in rag . wait . the pin up girl turn be excited , she chest run back towards the of light from the barn . Kristen turn toward t have to lean up against hand grab the rust co attempt to wedge it of after a few pull , the slide she torso throug drag the rest of she int . barn night Inside it shine it more like box and the 4 wheeler , along the co but it the wheel be flat and the engine be steal . heap . even the steeri she slide back to the house . be pitch black . a storage closet than anything else . break down equipment litter the floor . 76 . catch Kristen . she pause with and then walk when Kristen move rno door as the woman trail behind she no see she , but before Kristen can up girl scream for she . loser , the dead eye stare into oice come from a mouth that do not she stop . Kristen be be hand cover she face and body . for a second , they both just stop back , listen towards the house . she heaving with every quick breath . she house , disappear out of the circle he door . the handle be high and she the metal wall to reach it . both she vere door and with all she might she pen . door have budge just enough for she to h the hole . by kick she leg , she body through . Kristen find a flashlight and bwebbed cover wall . the space be stack of she find have long since die a slow death . it lie ina no wheel be go . door search the area around the everything be still and quiet . 77 . she lean against the metal door and turn the flashlight to the back of the barn . as the light pass around the room , she discover a orange glow come from the back wall . she get to she knee and slowly hoist herself to she foot make she way past a old riding lawn mower and some weed - eater as she shuffles to the faint light . against the wall be a small work table . on top of it , sit a old ham radio . Kristen pick up the receiver and adjust the volume . the room fill with static and she turn back to the barn door , afraid that someone have hear she . kristen hello . be anyone there ? she press the button this time . kristen ( cont have ) hello . somebody ? the room fill with static . kristen ( cont have ) hello ! help I ! she drop the receiver , move so she can see through the door . radio hello ? Kristen be startle by the sound and she slam into various piece of metal and trash , desperately reach for the receiver . kristen hello ! wait , wait ! she hobble back to the radio pull the cord from the ground . the static halt . kristen ( cont have ) hello ! can you hear I ? there 's people here . they be try to kill we . you have to help I . radio where be you locate ? 78 . kristen I be at my boyfriend 's house . I be in the barn . radio what 's you name ? kristen Kristen . you have to help I . radio okay Kristen , where be you locate ? Kristen rock back and forth as she listen . her knee be weak and she lean she arm out against the table for support . kristen where be you ? radio I be in Oklahoma . kristen oh god ! radio this thing can pick up people from all over . kristen there 's no time ! she turn to the barn door again . radio what city be you in ? you have to give I more than this . I can call the cop . someone can help you . kristen I do not know . I have never be here before . radio what street ? do you see a sign ? think . kristen no ! her voice crack . kristen ( cont have ) I have never be here before ! radio okay Kristen , calm down . listen to I . where be you at ? kristen I be in a barn . radio be you sure you be okay ? kristen there 's people outside . radio what kinda people ? kristen bad people . radio you boyfriend . you say it be he house . what 's he name ? where 's he at ? the man 's voice be calm . kristen James . radio James what , sweetie ? kristen it do not matter . radio yes it do . kristen hotopp ! the room fill with static as Kristen start cry . hand be shaking as she continue to hold the microphone to she face . 80. kristen ( cont have ) I be gonna die here . I do not even know where I be . radio you better not be mess around out there . silence . kristen I do not ... static . radio come back . I could not make that out , silence . kristen I do not know . I have never be here before . I be in the country . static . radio sweetheart , I want you to think . you gotta know where you be . outside the barn she can hear scream from the house . a woman 's voice . Kristen stare at the doorway . the beam of the flashlight shake against the wall near the door . the static go in wave from loud to softer , but continue in jarring burst , break the silence . Kristen pull at she hair , she body convulse . she say James 's name over and over to herself . radio ( cont have ) I can help you . kristen I be gonna go . there 's no time . I be gonna go . she slam she hand against the wooden table . the radio bounce up and down on the warpe wood . radio be you there ? Kristen ? 81. she hear a scream again , then , nothing . kristen I be sorry . radio I can help you ! Kristen flip the radio off . silence fill the barn . she collide with a old air conditioner and fall forward lose the flashlight . the light fade and she be leave in the darkness . kristen James . she grope she way to the barn door . she grip the side of it as she make she way outside again , crawl back towards the house . ext . house - night Kristen inch away from the light and away from the path that lead to the house . the brush be high and she body disappear into the thorns and weed . she see James for a moment as he leave the porch head back into the yard . he be limping and he seem disorient , but he still hold the gun . he call out into the night air jame Kristen ! she try to scream but no word form . just over the high grass , a hundred yard away , she can see the pin up girl search near the tree . she lower she head , try to hide . James do not see the light reflect off the white mask as it seemingly float in the blackness . Kristen be freeze . he run back into the house and after a few moment , he emerge with a red gas can in one hand and the gun in the other . without a glance in Kristen 's direction , he kick open the gate and move towards the blue saturn . 82 . ext . driveway - night his movement be rush and chaotic as he rip the cap off the can and begin pour the gas over the car . jame you know what I do ! all of you ! he open the car door and search for match . jame ( cont have ) just leave we alone ! ext . house - night Kristen try to crawl towards he but she eye continue to fall back to the pin up girl . the stranger 's body become more visible as she walk slowly towards the house . Kristen can see the reflection of the blade in she hand as the knife hit the light . the pin up girl see James through the gate . she be move towards he . ext . driveway - night James find a bic lighter and scrape it over and over with he thumb , try to produce a flame . he move to the trunk and then suddenly the lighter strike . he be shaky as he hold it against the blue metallic paint but after he second attempt the gasoline catch and the body of the car be devoure by orange and gold . ext . backyard - night Kristen spot the man in the mask as he appear from the shadow near the opposite side of the house . she scan the darkness , search for another stranger somewhere around she . just out of she view , strawberry watch she . pin up girl and the man walk slowly and cautiously towards each other as they move nearer to James . they speak to each other in a whisper that Kristen can not make out across the yard . 83 . soon , they connect near the porch , both head for James as he watch the car burn . he be in he own world . kristen James ! she scream , she body lift up over the grass . the man in the mask never take he eye off the open in the gate as he walk closer and closer towards James . Kristen watch he disappear behind the wooden fence . she hear the gas can slam against the pavement , but both James and the man be out of sight . the pin up girl turn around . her plastic eye scan the open field . she walk back out into the grass , past the patio . a small rubber ball squish underneath she wear down shoe , let out a small squeak . Kristen bury she face in the grass and the mud and listen . she try to hold she breath as she hear the grass around she beat down by the pin up girl 's footstep . with every other one , there be a swoosh of the blade against the tall grass . a gunshot ring out but she do not look up . there be no sound of the stranger now . Kristen wait . the pin up girl rush past she and then disappear inside the barn . Kristen listen to she footstep grow fainter and then hear something slam against the metal of the barn 's wall . she search the yard and then look through the barn door . it be dark , like a black hole . she can not make out anything go on inside , so she shift she focus back to the burn car . she pull herself up and move towards the fire . strawberry continue to watch she . ext . house - night Kristen be weak and every attempt to slide she body forward produce little to no movement . eventually , she enter the grassy area of the yard and finally , she hand touch the concrete of the porch . 84 . she stare at the fire , but it will not last . the flame be die out . the car will not burn much longer her skin and the fabric of the dress be wear away by the harshness of the ground beneath she . she be almost unrecognizable and she frail body be drain of all its energy . int . dine room - night Kristen throw herself through the doorway , fall on the wood floor , cough and cry as the sweat drip from she forehead . she lie on she back , one hand swinging to grab the curtain . ext . house - night she push the curtain open , strain to see outside . she can see the silhouette of the pin up girl move away from the barn and then the woman disappear . strawberry be go . int . dine room - night Kristen lay back on the ground , stare at the ceiling watch the candlelight flicker above she . all of a sudden she be sobbing . her hair be cover in thorns and weed . Kristen wrestle with herself . she claw and rip at she hair , try to remove every piece of the yard from she body . she slam back and forth on the floor as she flip and twist , fight no one . jame ( 0.s. ) Kristen ! she can hear James 's scream come from outside . she roll over , push she head out the door . jame ( 0.s. ) ( cont would ) Kristen ! she search the backyard for a sign of he but he be nowhere to be find . jame ( 0.s. ) ( cont would ) be you okay ? 85 . she try to yell , but she voice do not come out . her eye show she fear . she can not find he voice . jame ( 0.s. ) ( cont would ) tell I where you be ! somewhere around the corner , the flag pole rattles as the cloth twist in the wind . she backpedal , force the door close . the blood from she leg stain the wood and the curtain . her head whip around the room as she try to see if someone be inside with she she force herself to she foot , hobbling to the wall of the dining room until she find the switch that control the overhead light . she turn it on . her hand slam against the table and she pull herself to the candle . they be almost go and she blow each one out . she search the wall where there be once shadow . satisfied , she slide she body off the table and crawl towards the live room . the silver spoon slide onto the hardwood floor . she listen to it rattle and when it stop , she pull she body forward again . int . house - night Kristen check the hallway as she make she way to the back bedroom . she be shaking uncontrollably as she pause in front of every close door , throw they open and switch on all the light . she stand over the old man , she have to force herself to cross he . her foot bump he and she almost fall try to grab a hold of the wall . the phone shake free from the man 's hand , but she do not notice . int . bathroom - night she walk into a side bathroom and with a violent thrust tear down the shower curtain from it 's rod , but there be no one behind it . int . bedroom - night she check underneath the bed and inside the closet , pull the string from the hang bulb and push she hand into the wall of hang clothes . 86 . int . bathroom - night Rose petal still rest at the bottom of the tub as she make she way into the bathroom . her high heel lie near the toilet . for a few second she rest on the bathroom mat . outside , she hear James scream . int . bedroom - night Kristen crawl on top of the bed and look outside the window , but she cannot see James anywhere . she now hold a knife , press the metal blade press against the window . she hold it in such a way as to display it for all that outside to see . she turn around , sit on the bed . the light from the bathroom cast a soft glow that catch in she eye as they lock upon the door and the darken hall outside it . her bloody hand squeeze the knife as she knee tap the bedpost over and over in a nervous twitch . in a quiet voice she sing . kristen I do not care if it rain or freeze . she cough . her throat be congest make it hard for she to breathe . all of a sudden , the light shut down inside the entire house . instantly , she be surround by darkness . she attempt to jump off the bed , but she damage body can not support itself and she fall to the ground . the knife clatter to the floor , under the bed . kristen ( cont no ) no , no , no ... she roughly scrape around underneath the bed for the knife , and finally give up , on the verge of tear . she pull herself back and drag she body towards the hall . 87. int . hallway - night she edge along the darken hallway . the only light leave in the house come from the glow ember of what remain of the almost dead fire . kristen James ? her voice trail off as she reach the end of the hall . int . live room - night the open door lead to the back porch brushes against the curtain gently in the breeze . the shattered fire alarm lie scattered on the floor , inch in front of Kristen 's face . the piece be brush to the side of the room , near the wall , deliberately smashed . int . entry way - night she turn and look down the entry way . the stranger have force open the front door . the piano lean against the wall and the door hang open , barely leave on its hinge . int . dine room - night Kristen near the dining room table when she hear someone 's footstep down the entry way behind she . a finger drag along the piano key , many of they now out of tune . int . kitchen - night she crawl quickly through the room towards the kitchen . she get to she foot and then make she way in , frantically search for a place to hide . she open a door and turn to see the man in the mask walk down the back hallway . she push she way inside the pantry . she yank the door close , squeezing herself into the tight space . 88 . int . pantry - night her hand grip the doorknob as she stand press in between the wooden shelf and the thin door wooden blind cut into the door give she a way to see out . she focus on the outside door and the dining room table . int . kitchen - night the man in the mask walk into the kitchen , pause with he back to Kristen and the pantry . on he neck , there be scratch , evidence of finger scrape against he flesh . int . dine room - night he move back over to the dining room table , where he sit down in the place James occupy a hour ago . he hold the old man 's hat in he hand . he pull off he mask and set it down next to the case for she ring . sweat drip off he face . he be about the same age as James . he be tired , exhaust by the physical exertion of the night 's event . he light a cigarette from she pack and lean back in the chair . the smoke rise above he in the moonlight . after a few second , he slide over the soggy carton of ice cream from the table and open the top . cherry flavor cream drip into he beard as he eat the half melt dessert . he close the lid , set the spoon on top of the box and place it back in the center of the table . his eye continue to rest on the ice cream as he softly sing . man as long as I get my plastic Jesus ... he sing to himself the same song Kristen sing minute ago . he slowly put the mask back on and then turn ona flashlight , scan the beam around the room . the light dance over the furniture as he search . after a couple of quick drag , he stub out he cigarette and stand up . then he walk out the door 89 . int . pantry - night the door handle to the pantry twist as Kristen attempt to open it . she be breathe hard as she build the courage to open the door . it be a inch from she face and the sound of she breath against it be almost deafen . she be too frighten to push herself out . her foot press against a old bag of cat food at the bottom of the pantry . she can hear the click of the door as it cross the wooden notch and it begin to open , but suddenly stop . she push again , but the door do not move . the sound of she breath pound in she ear as Kristen struggle more and more . then she stop , hold she quivering hand in front of she mouth . her eye be wide as she stare out the door . she hold she breath , but the breathe sound continue . two plastic eye appear in the small slit directly in front of Kristen face . strawberry shortcake 's plastic mask glare back at she . strawberry I see you ! the door slam against Kristen 's head , push she back into the can and paper bag on the shelf behind she . Kristen scream as the door shake back and forth . she kick at it , cry with pain as she fight the wood in front of she then , a gunshot fire from outside the house and the door stop . it drift open and a can of corn roll out onto the linoleum floor of the kitchen . Kristen squeeze out onto the kitchen , limping . her toe be bloody from kick . her ankle be horribly swollen . she pull open drawer and they fall to the ground spilling they content onto the floor . she find a knife , a much smaller one , and point it out in front of she . strawberry ( cont have ) hello . Kristen scream , turn to face strawberry , who stand near the table . she hold the ring case in she hand . 90 . strawberry ( cont have ) do you say yes ? kristen what do you want ? strawberry be still , calm . Kristen 's knife do not seem to frighten she . kristen ( cont have ) where 's James ? strawberry shrug she shoulder . her plastic face smile at Kristen 's fear . she put down the case next to the ice cream . strawberry you be so scared . do you know the man you kill ? kristen you do that . leave we alone . strawberry shake she head '' no '' very slowly . strawberry you be gonna die . int . kitchen - night one of the drawer Kristen have leave hang in its slot fall loose and clatter to the ground . Kristen shield herself from scatter content and scoot sideways , but she keep she knife shakily point towards strawberry . kristen why do you come here ? why we ! strawberry because you be home . you answer the door . Kristen shake she head back and forth , the horrible realization sink in . strawberry ( cont have ) I do not even know you . she move towards Kristen but Kristen do not retreat any further . 91 . outside , there be a gunshot . Kristen turn towards the window . the wind chime blow in the breeze . kristen he 's go to kill you . strawberry shake she head again . strawberry what 's you name ? kristen I do not want to tell you . strawberry I hear he say it . but I do not remember . do you say yes ? kristen he 's go to kill you . strawberry no ... he 's not . for a few moment neither woman speak nor move . Kristen sob to herself , then the knife slowly lower to the ground beside she . strawberry continue to inch forward until she be only inch away . Kristen seem oblivious to she . underneath the plastic mask , she can hear the stranger 's breathe grow faster . in a instant it happen , one swipe of the blade and strawberry fall back . Kristen hold the knife out and it be cover in blood from the young girl . strawberry be in pain . she hold she forearm , but she mask remain emotionless . Kristen watch she , wait for a reaction . then she hear the stranger laugh . int . dine room - night the back door open through the curtain and James stumble inside . he be badly beat , he face already swollen around the eye and mouth . Kristen yank herself up but quickly see that he be not alone . 92 . the man in the mask and the pin up girl walk in behind he . the man hold the gun , shove it into James 's back strawberry you be wrong . James lock Kristen 's gaze with half close eye . his will to fight have be beat from he . man put on a record . Kristen hobble past they from the dining room into the hallway , then to the back bedroom . int . bedroom - night Kristen slam the door behind she as she fall against side of the bed in the dark room , sobbing . the power return to the house and the bathroom light turn on . near the bed , the overturn clock radio beep 12 ’oclock on the floor . Kristen stand up stare at the close door . from the live room , the sound of the record player start up , the volume cranke high so that song bleed into the Kristen 's ear . her foot crunch the break glass beneath she but she seem unfaze . strawberry ( 0.s. ) Kristen ... Kristen ... Kristen . strawberry 's voice float in from the other side of the door her finger tap the wood methodically . strawberry ( 0.s. ) ( cont have ) he tell I . you say no . from the live room Kristen can hear the furniture move ; a loud crash , break glass . strawberry ( 0.s. ) ( cont have ) you be gonna die ! Kristen stand , shaking and cry and face the door . she wet herself and it pour down she leg , but she do not care . kristen go away ! strawberry ( 0.s. ) Kristen ! 93. kristen leave I alone . her voice be like a child . she be begging , plead . the door open in front of she , but no one be there . in the hallway she can hear James scream over the record . jame ( 0.s. ) Kristen ! Kristen yell out towards he . she form no word , just a cry , but she let it out at the top of she lung . she be freeze by he call . jame ( 0.s. ) ( cont would ) Kristen ! finally , she move towards the blaring music . she whisper to herself to build up confidence , she mouth move over and over but it make no sound . tear stream down she cheek . kristen it 's okay , it 's okay , it 's okay . as she approach the door frame , she stop and look at the large mirror hang on the wall over the dresser . the music continue to pound and James 's scream almost become part of the melody . suddenly the scream fall silent . Kristen turn and sprint for the door , but the man in the mask be wait . he toss she like a rag doll against the wall and she collapse . he grab she by she hair and pull she down the hallway , past the old man , to the dinning room . she do not fight . she have the old man 's blood in she hair . int . live room - night the man in the mask pause half way through the room , struggle with she weight and he exhaustion . she stare up at the blank eye of the mask as he breathes . his hand tighten around the shoulder of she dress and she slide behind he . 94 . int . dine room - night the table have be overturn and James be seat in the middle of room , tie to a chair . beside he be a empty seat , and the man and the pin up girl lift she into it . the music be incredibly loud now , make it impossible to hear anything else . strawberry tie Kristen 's body to the chair use rusted baling wire . then , she wire she hand together tightly in front of she while the man in the mask whisper in James 's ear . Kristen twist she wrist , but find that only cause the wire to dig in deeper , cut into she skin . James be cry . his pale face contort with the understanding of the word come from the plastic mouth . he whisper back , begging and shaking he head . neither he nor Kristen scream anymore . the pinup girl begin open the curtain around the room . it be almost dawn and the sky behind the barn be beginning to grow pink . int . dine room - sunrise the stranger take they time , turn off every light inside the house one by one . the room be dark at first , but over the next few minute , a warmth begin to grab the wall . the three of they stand in front of James and Kristen watch they cry . when the record be over , the house grow quiet . pin up go to change it and James and Kristen sit in silence . they knee be almost touch and he slide he leg over , graze she bruise and bloody skin with he own . he can see she ring and she know . kristen I love you . the word come out so soft that only James can hear she . 95 . James hum the song they dance to that night . his leg shake against hers . Kristen 's face be too wet from tear to see she still cry . strawberry take off she mask and lay it on the ground near the table . soon , the other follow and , for the first time , they be expose for who they be . the warm light now fill the room as the five of they stare at each other , wait . man it 's time . strawberry nod she head in agreement . he pull out Kristen 's knife and kneel down before James . the man all of a sudden seem nervous . the knife shake in one hand while he place the other on he knee for balance . Kristen try to pull herself free , then she rip at the wire that hold James down . kristen you can stop . do you hear I ? it can stop now . the man 's eye shift slightly for a moment , stare into Kristen 's . kristen ( cont have ) I do not care if it rain or freeze . Long as I have my plastic Jesus , sit on the dashboard of my car . she sing softly to she self and the man watch she lip say the word they both remember . James scream over and over as the man lean in closer . he bring the knife towards James 's body slowly . man be quiet . his word be not demand . he be almost ask she to stop sing . the blade shake in he loose grip , but then , he finger tighten around the handle . 96 . when the knife push in , neither James nor the man seem to know what will happen next . James squeal , push a scream through he tooth as he grind he jaw . his muscle flex in pain . then he be silent , and Kristen grow still . the music explode from the parlor , but pin up run and turn it off . kristen James , James ... look at I . James look at I . the man stab he again . this time he do it quickly and James watch the blade go inside he . then , he tilt he head up towards Kristen , the vein in he neck about to burst . kristen ( cont have ) look at I . look at my face . the two woman stand behind the man . both seem pale and frighten . pin up bite she lip nervously , but strawberry be energize , a very faint smile on the edge of she mouth . the pin up girl walk over behind James and stroke he hair . kristen ( cont have ) do not touch he . at first , he fight she but then he let go . he be calm . the pin up girl 's hand rest on he neck . strawberry take the knife , and without take she eye off James 's face drive it into he chest . James cough , he head whipping around . he do not fight anymore . he just cry . strawberry raise she face up to the pin up girl and they eye lock for a moment . pin up slowly move around in front of Kristen , but Kristen do not seem to notice . Kristen 's eye fall to the ring case lie on the ground near the table . she do not even react when blade go in she kristen ( cont no ) James . James . James . she repeat he name over and over as the three stranger begin to cut she . 97 . James sit double over beside she , unable to watch . his breathe become more and more cloud as he begin to choke . kristen ( cont no ) James . flashback : ext . parking lot - night Kristen lean against the door of the car for support . she hold the ring in front of she . tear form in she eye . the sound of James 's rental shoe against the gravel seem to echo throughout the empty car that surround they . James stare at he hand nervously , he have not see she face . jame I think you would like this one . I know how much you like it when we see it . at that store , you remember . kristen I remember . the door to the building burst open and a group of wedding guest come out laugh . Kristen and James turn towards the crowd . everyone have have too much to drink . as Kristen turn around , James see she eye , she face . the hope begin to drain from he expression . kristen ( cont no ) James , I . jame what ? kristen James ... jame oh . a car alarm go off in the parking lot a few space down . the group can not seem to work they clicker . 98 . one of the groomsmen pass the couple as he make he way towards he friend . he stop and smile at both of they . for a second , it seem as if he plan to stay . he hand James he glass of wine after he begin to feel the awkwardness . James do not take he eye off Kristen as she look uncomfortably at the commotion around they . flashback end : the stabbing stop and they drop the knife on the ground at Kristen 's foot . strawberry reach out and touch she wound . Kristen twist towards James . she try to touch he once again . kristen I need you now . James . I need you . James 's gasp for air at the moment of she word . for just a second , he be back again from the darkness . there be no sound of the blood that be fill he throat and lung . his face turn towards she briefly before sink again to he chest . jame ( whisper ) I know . int . dine room - sunrise the sun peek over the barn . it be hard for James to see because of the glare from the window . the man pick up he mask and the other 's . the woman stare at Kristen 's dress as it turn red in front of they . strawberry you be so pretty . int . kitchen - sunrise the pin up girl go into the kitchen behind they and wash she hand . the man follow she and strawberry go last . they scrub until the blood be go . they wash they face and they arm . 99 . strawberry take the knife and run water over the blade until it be clean again . then she lay it down on the counter . int . dine room - night they slowly take off they clothes until they each stand in they underwear before the couple . they put they clothes in a trash bag that the pin up girl find under the sink . strawberry hand out clean clothes from a bag she bring from the door . James and Kristen be still alive . int . dine room - morning the man walk over with the pile of record , hold they out to the couple . man you can choose . Kristen 's eye rise from James 's twitching leg . after he go through a few selection , she eye rest on one of they and she nod . blood pour from she mouth onto she thigh . strawberry unty they both precisely so as to keep from cut they as the man put the record on . int . house - morning the pin up girl help the man move the piano back into its original position . then , they begin to straighten up the house . they start in the live room , work they way into the entry way . int . dine room - morning James collapse onto the ground and Kristen do the same . they seem like doll . they limb disjoint like mannequin . they arm and leg grow limp as the life drain from they body . James be barely breathe under the weight of he body . 100 . the three stranger walk out of the house one at a time . no one look back at James and Kristen and soon , the house be still . Kristen slide she hand across the floor until it rest on James ' back . her hand move up underneath he clothes until she touch he skin . she grab he gaze as she watch he eye begin to falter . James breathes slower and slower until finally , he stop . int . house - morning Kristen stare out along the hardwood floor listen to the song spin on the record player . she be no longer cry . the music fade and the record player hum , wait for the next song . Kristen 's eye glass over . for a moment , she breathe be the only sound in the room . the next song begin . her hand slide down next to James 's body , one finger still reach towards he . the wind chime rattle against each other in the morning breeze . then , the phone ring . Kristen do not react at first but on the second ring , it be like she eye come alive again . she begin to move towards the sound . the zipper on the back of she dress scratch the floor as she begin to push herself along the ground on she back . it be slow at first . by the third ring , it seem like she have barely move at all . her hand scratch at the floor as she force she body over . her arm , she entire body , be now cover in blood . Kristen struggle into the live room and by the fourth ring , the old man be within she sight . the ringing come from he . beside she the smiley face rest , have fall from the stranger 's bag . she lose she balance , and she wrist give way . her face slam against the hardwood floor . the dull thud of she head collide against the wood be sicken , but Kristen continue . 101 . she grab the old man-her hand search over he bloody body . the damage James have do to he begin to cover she as Kristen 's hand caress every inch of he body . finally , she hear the ring once again . the phone be on the ground , inch away from she face . her hand reach out just as the last ring escape the small handheld piece of plastic . she force herself on top of the he remain , stretch she body out to grab the phone before it stop ringing . she slide it to she ear , but there be no one there . kristen hello ? hello ! Kristen 's eye close . there be just a dial tone . she fall back to the ground . the man stand behind she . Kristen begin dial the phone . her finger slip across the small key . first she dial 9 , then two 1's . man how do you know that song ? a scream explode in the hallway as Kristen turn . she force she body over again , this time to face she attacker . her small hand rise above she head like a shield , but the man do not seem to notice . his young face hover above she . the phone lie beside Kristen , still silent . the send key untouched . the man finally kneel by she side , take the mask that rest beside she . man ( cont have ) it make I happy . he turn he back on she and walk towards the door . soon he be go . Kristen be alone . ext . STREET - day the wash out sky hang over the open field in the middle of nowhere . it have rain recently and the ground be wet around the scattered mail box that line the old gravel road . 102 . the street be desert . empty . detective ( v.0 . ) okay . let 's try and do this all at once . ( cough ) can you hear I alright ? I be just gonna start . alright ? ext . house - day the large single story house sit a thousand yard from its close neighbor . there be a long cement driveway that lead down the side of the property . at the end , towards the house , sit a once blue four - door sedan . smoke rise above the char remain . the window be smashed out and the tire be slashed . Broken piece of glass surround the car as it sit flat against its metal rim . the car be run . over the blacken hood stand a fade basketball goal . a net hang on for its life from the rusty orange hoop . detective ( v.0o . ) 1801 Clark Road . stop. ( cough ) 1801 Clark Road as follow . 4 kitchen knife , vary size . 2 candle stick . one large axe with wooden handle . the pick up truck idle in the street as the man look at the rear tire . the pin up girl sit in the back , a cigarette weigh she hand down over the side . the man get back inside the cab and the truck rumble back to life and begin the journey down the long road . ext . STREET - day two young boy , both in they early teens , walk side by side with they bicycle . they wear press white shirt and black slack . they be Mormons . the taller boy , have a backpack sling over one shoulder . the other one hold a pile of pamphlet . they both have flat top . 103 . the boy make they way down the street and they huddle close together to attempt to shield themselves from the wind whipping across they skin . the truck pull to a noisy stop and strawberry get out of the passenger side . she be cry a little as she walk around the back of the truck . her door still hang open . she approach the boy , she be not much larger than they be . strawberry can I have one ? the smaller boy hand she the yellow piece of paper . it struggle in the wind , but strawberry catch it . boy be you a sinner ? strawberry sometimes . she turn back towards the truck and without a look back climb inside . the truck and the three stranger soon disappear onto the highway . a few of the pamphlet get away from the small one and he chase after they but then soon return , empty-hand . they be two house down from the basketball goal . they take turn walk to each house , knock and ringing the doorbell . when there be no answer , they leave the pamphlet on the mat or in the mailbox and walk back up to the road again . the boy do not play around with each other as they walk the road between house . they concentrate on the task at hand ; each solemnly stare forward as they pass the overgrown yard . detective ( v.0o . ) match . one double barrel shot gun . 5 empty shell . baling wire . a break champagne bottle . two empty bottle of beer . ext . house - day Music drift out to where they stand on the street from somewhere within the large house . 104 . the boy with the backpack wait at the mailbox as the smaller one walk down the driveway towards the blue saturn . the smaller boy wave and call out for he friend to come closer . the music grow louder so as to drow out all other sound . eventually , the boy with the backpack lay both the bike down on the side of the street and walk towards the front porch , cut across the grass . the smaller boy stand near the car , stare at he reflection in the break driver 's side window . he call out to the boy with the backpack again , then chase after he up towards the house . ext . porch - day the boy with the backpack pick up a champagne cork as they walk along the sidewalk to the porch . the smaller boy laugh nervously as they get closer . the boy with the backpack do not take he eye off what be leave of the front door several piece of wood lie at they foot as they stand under the eave of the house . the boy with the backpack nudge he friend towards the door , but neither one walk inside . boy hello ? they bike remain on the street . detective ( v.o. ) a lot of blood . in several room . we have some usable print . int . house - day Dark shadow still surround most of the live room ahead of they as the boy make they way down the entry way hall . the smashed piece of a fire alarm lie on the ground . inaudible beneath the sound of the music , the boy call out as they walk through the darken room , the pamphlet hang at the young boy 's side . 105 . detective ( v.0o . ) ( cough ) no conformation yet on name . we be work on it . we / will be here all night . int . house - day the boy walk through the live room as the music grow louder . no one respond to they call . int . parlor - day a record spin on a old wear out player . the needle be close to the end as the volume steadily rise . detective ( v.0o . ) that 's all we get right now . let 's go . turn this thing off . fuck . this be horrible . I think he might have propose . ( rattling sound , then a burst of siren . the tape shut off . ) the record slow and then stop leave only the sound of static as the needle ride the edge before stop . the house be completely quiet . the young boy see she first and approach she body tentatively . his movement show he fear as he kneel before she and softly he touch she face . he turn to call to he friend and Kristen bolt up , she hand rip at he shirt . one of the boy scream . CUT to black . 106 . kristen mckay be born on august 26th , 1977 . jame hotopp be born on october 12th , 1975 . on the night of february 1st , 2004 , they attended the wedding and reception of kristen 's college roommate elizabeth brookhart between the hour of 5:30 pm - 3:00 am . after saying there good - by , they return to the summer home of preston and mary beth WALKER , jame 's parent . the end