the rock by Jonathan hensleigh revise 10/10/95 begin MAIN ' title sequence : a impressionistic montage : a silhouetted man in front of mirror don he Marine dress blue . spit polish shoe lace . medal clipped to jacket . all in close - up . we never see he fully . the man put he hat squarely on he head . eye glint . on the man 's dresser : marine memorabilia . Three purple heart , photo of a woman ( he wife ) , photo of marine in combat locale . tighter into the photo , we hear panicked voice , explosion , noise of brutal combat . image : through smoke , a desperate marine private who know he will never be rescue ... two marine walk up to a farmhouse door ; through the screen we see a mother and daughter who know what the news will be ... image : a marine colour guard carry a coffin ... now we be the coffin as a flag drape down on we . place into a young woman' hand . now we be in arlington cemetery . image of the cemetery be reflect in wet puddle , as the spit - shine shoe walk past image of the tomb of the unknown soldier a row of grave come into focus a1g close -up on the marine's hat , and he eye . suddenly a explosion and we see -- a marine in a jungle , radio for help : , you gotta get we outta here sir , Jesus , they be all over we ... ! and an' explosion end the communication ... aii close - up on the marine's eye and fade in : ext . arlington national cemetery - morning two groundskeeper on " ride them " lawn mower , bennie and marlin , smoke camel and watch the marine officer from the open montage . he 's alone , across the cemetery . bennie you will get use to he . every Sunday morning - rain , snow , holiday nothin , keep he away . across the cemetery brig . Gen. francis xavier hummel stand before a headstone : barbara mclean hummel 1946-1996 . hummel hi barb . the house sell yesterday . I know , I know , the market 's depressed . anyway , I be leave the area . some thing I have to do . thing I could not do while you be here . maybe you would have approve . Hell , I know you would not have . ( beat ) I have try everything and I can not seem to get they attention . but now they will learn how it feel on the other side . let 's hope it elevate they think . hummel put new flower on the grave . walk off . ext . access road to army weapon compound - night heavy rain . a road next to a heavily guard bunker facility . a canvas cover army truck blow a tire in the road . the driver get out . inspect the tire . int . army truck - night four marine in black suit dive through a hole in the truckbed floor into a manhole in the road . ext . army weapon compound - front gate - night Three army m.p.s at the front guardhouse . general hummel pull up in a suburban . the m.p.s immediately recognise he and stand more rigidly . army M. P. General hummel , sir . it 's a honour . be the Colonel expect you , sir ? hummel held better be . this be a security inspection . army M. P. yes , sir ! the m.p. wave hummel in , salute crisply . int . grate STORM drain in bunker compound - night the four marine from the truck be wait , readying arm . the leader be look at he watch . give a hand signal to the other , and up they go -- ext . bunker compound - night the four marine emerge from the storm drain and move toward cover position in the compound . 200 yard away - two army " magazine checker " emerge from a building with clipboard , on routine check . int . bunker security build - night the Army m.p.s escort General hummel inside . three army guard spring up from they surveillance monitor . everyone 's nervous , in awe , rigid at attention . colonel callahan emerge from a adjacent room , sleepy - eye . colonel callahan General hummel ! this be a surprise ! hummel that 's the idea , Colonel . ext . bunker compound - watch tower - night two marine position themselves outside the door to the bunker compound 's elevate watch tower . ext . bunker compound - night below the watch tower , the army magazine checker approach . Marines 1 and 2 spring out , armed with m - 16 with over / under grenade launcher they shoot bean bag projectile at the Army Guards , who collapse , daze . int . bunker compound watch tower - night Marines 3 and 4 burst inside the watch tower . the guard inside spring up . boom boom , they be hit by bean bag projectile , propelling they out the window of the watch tower . they fall 10 foot and lie unconscious . ext . bunker compound - night Marines 1 and 2 , now in magazine checyeris uniform , move to the bunker door . they open the door with the Magazine checker 's code card . int . chemical weapon bunker - night two army guard , play poker , look up at the enter marine . Marines 1 and 2 walk straight up to the Army Guards , hold they at bay with m - 16 . before any word be speak , one of the marine inject each of the guard with a vaccine pistol . int . bunker security build - night four more marine lead by sgt . crisp enter , hold Col. callahan , General hummel and the Army Guards at bay . sgt . crisp this be a security exercise , sir . we have fully breach and infiltrate you compound . I be afraid you and you man be my prisoner , sir . the marine begin cuffing the Army Guards to the radiator and taping they mouth . sgt . crisp sorry sir , you realise the importance of this exercise . hummel ( to callahan ) ten man who could have be terrorist be out there do whatever they damn well please to you compound , Colonel . here you sit with you ass chain to a fuck radiator . this be not a tight ship . I would not want to be in you shoe in the morning . sgt . crisp hit the front gate OPEN buzzer and follow hummel out of the room . ext . army weapon compound - front gate - night the gate swing open . two humvee enter the compound . ext . chemical weapon bunker - night the marine use a ' rabbit tool , ( hydraulic , compact and powerful ) to pry open the bunker 's steel door . they rush down a hallway . chemical weapon bunker - interior hallway - the marine rush up to another steel door and quickly pry it open . int . c.b.w. bunker - night a refrigerate storage room for chemical weapon . storage tube be label : v.x. poison gas . across the room be rocket label : 55 115 mm bolt rocket . use the track hook system in the bunker 's ceiling , the marine move the v.x. chem round and bolt rocket to the wait humvee . it 's very fast , like clockwork . ext . army weapon compolind - front gate - night the Humvees , follow by hummel in he suburban , roar out of the compound . CUT tq : int . h " el' suburban - night hummel on a c.b. radio : a textbook exercise , gentleman . rendezvous in eleven hour . ext . f.b.i. field office , ft . dietrick , md . - day establish headquarters for chemical / biological weapon . int . f.b.i. office - chemical / biologial division - day a windowed door stencill " Chemical / biological weapon division . " a rubber dart hit the glass and drop into a trash can next to the door . isherwood ( v.o. ) Son of a bitch ... goodspeed ( v.o. ) you owe I five dollar , marvin . across the room - bill goodspeed , 30 , and partner / trainee marvin isherwood , 25 , foot up on desk , with toy gun . this be man 's boredom . a ceiling fan circle . isherwood yawn ; scratch neck with he gun barrel . goodspeed reload . aim . fire . the dart hit a cardboard target across the room which activate a rube Goldberg series of event end in a plastic girl be ignite in a pan of chemicals . goodspeed , without even get up , casually spray the pan with flame retardant foam . isherwood ( yawn ) I be tell this be exciting work . goodspeed patience , marvin . it have its moment . a klaxon sound . isherwood smile excitedly . int . f.b.i. chemical weapon - basement corridor - day isherwood follow goodspeed down a grimy , off - white corridor illuminate by antiseptic light . this be a older building . have not be refurbish and show it . int . f.b.i. chemical weapon - laboratory - day a medium-sized laboratory , where 5 f.b.i. technician be bent over table of beaker , test - tube , bunsen burner , etc . the room and equipment be old and use ; could be 1976 rather than 1996 . along one side of the lab be a plexi-glass wall . Inside the plexi-glass be a airlock gas chamber . f.b. I chemist lonner and ling motion to goodspeed . dr . lonner c'mere , billy . ( point inside gas chamber ) a dog at j.f.k. get a whiff of something postmark to a bosnian refugee camp . could be detergent , could be seran gas . inside the gas chamber - be a large wooden crate next to a table of poison detection instrument . isherwood bosnian refugee camp ? I do not get it . goodspeed half a million serbian reside in the U.S. , marvin . serbian do not like bosnian . read a newspaper . it 's good for you . hold out you hand . isherwood do so . it 's shaky . isherwood I be okay . really . let 's do it - hold on goodspeed 's uncertain look , and CUT to : int . gas C er - day - minute later the door hiss open . goodspeed and isherwood , in vulcanize rubber suit and visore helmet , enter . they go to the instrument table before the crate . a glass vessel with tiny air hole ( like a salt shaker ) descend from the ceiling . Inside be cockroach . . goodspeed coal miner use canary , we use that . sorry guy . dr . ling ( into mike ) we have airlock , Bill . proceed . goodspeed ( into helmet mike ) July 1 , 0.900 hour , agent william goodspeed and agent / trainee marvin isherwood . initiating exam of a wooden crate . suspicion of seran gas device inside . goodspeed grab a pry-bar from the instrument table - and slowly pries open the cratel wooden lid . he motion to isherwood . together they gingerly lift the lid . inside the crate - it 's fill with " unicef " type stuff . goodspeed lift out a hot -plate . isherwood lift out a egg beater . gocidspeed run a poison sensor past each . goodspeed appear to be kitchen item , clean agent , and ... ( lift out a sweatshirt ) ... old clothes . isherwood this be thrill . isherwood lift out a doll . goodspeed 's poison sensor's needle go crazy ... ! goodspeed careful , goddamn it marvin ! the doll 's eye open . its mouth blast a pinkish spray , hit goodspeed 's forearm and isherwood 's palm . outside the gas chamber - dr . ling stab a button mark " exhaust " and another mark " emergency . " a klaxon sound . f.b.i. technician race for the exit . in the gas chamber - the pinkish gas hover in the air . ceiling exhaust fan begin to suck it up . in the glass vessel - the cockroach convulse , flip in the air and explode , gut splattering the vessel wall . isherwood what 's hap ... what 's happen ....? dr . ling look at a digital clock on the control panel . dr . ling do not panic , Bill . 50 second and the gas will clear . you be okay . goodspeed grab the doll from isherwood , slam it on the table , and grab a scalpel . cut open the doll 's chest . goodspeed I have get some bad news and some really bad news . the bad news be the gas be corrosive . it 's eat we suit . isherwood look at he rubber glove . the rubber be beginning to bubble and corrode . dr . ling what 's the really bad news . goodspeed peel back the doll 's plastic chest , revealing : a c-4 explosive device and ten poison ampule . goodspeed enough C - 4 explosive to blow the chamber and enough poison gas to kill everybody in the building . isherwood 's and goodspeed 's rubber glove be melting . isherwood the acid 's eat ... it 's eat my fuck suit ... goodspeed chill , marvin . ( yell outside ) where' the goddamn sprinklers ? Dr. lonner flip on the sprinkler . the pipe knock . a few pathetic drop trickle from the sprinkler head . dr . lonner something 's block the pipe , Bill . when in Christ 's name be they gonna give we a new building ... dr . ling get the atropine , isherwood . the atropine , marvin . isherwood , terrify , jerk open a overhead cabinet , revealing several 6 inch needle syringe . dr . ling you die , we all die , Bill . inject yourself , then diffuse it . ( goodspeed continue to inspect - the device ) goddamn it , Bill , take the antidote . isherwood fumble with a huge syringe . goodspeed get that away from I . ( to himself ) I hate needle . dr . ling inject yourself ! goodspeed lonner , where' the goddamned water ? the pipe be knocking , now they be coughing . dr . lonner it 's come , it 's come ... isherwood sink to he knee , hold the huge syringe in front of he heart , hari-kari style , hand tremble ... goodspeed concentrate on the device ; he calm be unsettle . his hand flash , grab instrument and perform precise , deat , function . he snip a wire and splice it . another . another . dr . ling ( sweat it out ) ten second , Bill . isherwood move the syringe closer to he chest . isherwood oh fuck oh shit oh fuck this be like fucking pulp fiction only it's real . isherwood drop the syringe . fumble for another ... goodspeed , ice-cold , continue on the device ... dr . ling five second , Bill , four second , Jesus Christ ... goodspeedis rubber glove be stretch to transparency . we see goodspeed flesh through the acid-eaten rubber . he make one final cut - and -clamp . the detonator on the poison gas turn off . dr . ling Three , two ... the gas be clear ! outside the gas chamber - GREEN ligrt flasr on the control panel and a torrential spray soak goodspeed and isrerwood . isherwood be wide - eye and tremble . goodspeed glare at he . dr . ling next time use the atropine ! goodspeed I do not like needle . ext . georgetown - street / alleyway - day the bohemian part around georgetown U. goodspeed head down a alley between two townhouse . loud country music emanate from a apt . above . goodspeed ascend . int . georgetown - goodspeed apartment - day a young woman stand in the middle of the live room , belting out a carlene Carter tune in cowboy boot , rhinestone blouse and skirt . carla pestalozzi , 20' , be play guitar , accompany by a boom box . carla every little dream I dream about you , every little song I sing about you , it drive I crazy when you go away , ( notice goodspeed ) wanna keep you lock up at home ... goodspeed walk past she into the kitchen . carla turn down the music . goodspeed re-enter with a budweiser . carla ( New Jersey accent ) hey there . goodspeed hey honey . carla wrote a new song . wanna hear it ? goodspeed sit heavily on the couch . rub he temple . goodspeed not now . carla Boy , somebody 's in a bad mood . goodspeed yeah , somebody 's in a bad mood . carla change the c.d. : a puccini opera play . carla better ? goodspeed much better . she sit with he . put she arm around he . carla what happen baby . tell I . goodspeed have a close one . carla you want to talk about it ? goodspeed not really . carla you know how I feel about what you do . goodspeed could we change the subject ? carla that record company . in Nashville want to hear my demo tape . goodspeed hey ! now there 's some good news . carla you think I be too ... ethnic for country music ? goodspeed carla pestalozzi ? no. definitely not . you could have pose for the mona Lisa . Sophia loren look swedish next to you . ( smile ) I hope that 's a compliment . I could change my name . how ' bout Bobby Sue pestalozzi ? billy io pestalozzi ? goodspeed stick with carla . carla okay . how ' bout carla goodspeed ? ( goodspeed frown ) six year , Bill . we have live together six year . goodspeed we have talk about this , carla , we have talk it up , down , inside and out ... carla billy , this probably be not the best time ... Bill , I be uhhh . carla I be pregnant . goodspeed you be what ... ? she hold up a positive home pregnancy test and CUT to : ext . desert area ( southwestern U.S. ) - day two = y gunship roar over camera and land next to the two Humvees . the huey 's door open . Marine captain frye and darrow , both late 20' , drag out two marine lance corporal , bound and gag , and sit they down . other marine roll gurney laden with chem round , rocket and other equipment onto the huey . they huey ascend and scream off across the desert and CUT to : ext . san francisco - afternoon establish shot of San Francisco and alcatraz Island in the middle of San Francisco Bay . ext . alcatraz island - afternoon a park ranger ( joe ) lead a group of 80 tourist across the prison exercise yard . in the background loom the city of San Francisco and Golden Gate Bridge . park ranger joe alcatraz - " the rock " - be the most famous , and be the most fear , prison ever build . here the inmate be allow one hour of daily exercise . female tourist be it really true no one escape ? park ranger joe true , madam . from 1936 until the prison 's close in 1963 , there be fourteen attempt but no one 's believe to have make it to shore - alive at least . the tourist file off toward the MAIN cell house . bring up the rear be Gen. hummel , maj . baxter , sgt. crisp , capt. hendrix , and pvts. scarpetti , . royce , gamble and starl , all in civilian clothes . hummel motion to crisp , who bleed off with scarpetti and royce . hummel and the other continue with the group . int . alcatraz - MAIN cell house - afternoon cell Blocks B and C , which inmate call " Broadway . " a long corridor with three tier of cell on each side . the Ranger lead the tourist group inside . park ranger joe Al capone ; Machine gun Kelly ; Robert stroud , the birdman of alcatraz ; all live in this cell . the Ranger pull the cell door OPEN / shut lever ( recess in the wall at the end of cell block ) . all the cell door on the first floor slide open . park ranger joe now lady and gentlemen , the U.S. Park service cordially invite you to become inmate of alcatraz - temporarily of course . the tourist laugh and move inside the cell . ext . alcatraz - wharf - afternoon the side across from San Francisco . the tourist boat be dock in front of the U.S. park rangers ' office . sgt. crisp and pvts. scarpetti and royce walk up to the Ranger 's office . they look leave and right , then enter . int . alcatraz - U.S. park rangers office - afternoon two park rangers and a secretary look up . alcatraz park ranger you be not suppose to leave the tour , guy . be there a problem ? sgt . crisp Big problem . int . alcatraz - MAIN cell block - afternoon the tourist be in the cell , look around . Park Ranger Joe notice hummel , baxter , and the other marine stand behind he . smile : park ranger joe do not want to be lock up , fella ? hummel not today . you go ahead . park ranger joe I do not think so hah hah . baxter draw a .45 and place it to Ranger ioe 's head . hummel I think so . startle , Park Ranger Joe back into a cell . baxter grab the cell door open / shut lever and yank it . the cell door clang shut . hummel , baxter and the other walk off . tourist hey , what be you do ... ? -- wait a minute , what 's go on ... ? ext . alcatraz - parade ground - afternoon hummel and baxter walk up to the parade ground as the two huey gunship approach . they hover above the parade ground . cpts. frye and darrow rope-deploy from the huey . they stand at attention , salute hummel and baxter . captain frye General hummel : captain frye and darrow . hummel deploy as plan , Captain . ( unison ) aye , aye , sir . fry and darrow they hand signal to the huey pilot . the huey take off around the back of the island . CUT to : a montage of short intercut scene , all afternoon : the infirmary , upstair room a former hospital room will be the command and communication center . pvt . gamble and starling set up a portable desk , chair , and a array of communication equipment ( include portable satellite dish and look out ) . ext . the island' shoreline cpt . hendrix and pvt . royce and scarpetti lay motion sensor on the perimeter . int . the prison morgue pvt . cox and mccoy load the v.x. chem round from insulated cooling bag ( size of a big gym bag ) into the morguel corpse drawer . major baxter set up a portable rocket launcher . ext . MAIN cell house rooftop capt . frye and darrow set up a second portable rocket launcher . int . alcatraz - MAIN cellhouse - day the tourist be now panicked , confuse , and make a commotion . shout and yell . a woman be cry . suddenly a .45 be fire . total silence . hummel and baxter , follow by pvts. gamble and starl ( pull a gurney stack with marine field ration ) , walk to the middle of the cell block . hummel hello lady and gentlemen . you be my prisoner . I have no intention of harm you . you will be feed regularly . that be all you need to know for now . gamble and starl begin pass out the field ration . 53 int . WASHINGTON D.C. - J. edgar hoover build - night f.b.i. director jame womack exit he office in a tuxedo , trail by margie wood , a young f.b.i. agent . f.b.i. director womack can it wait till morning , agent Wood , I be go to hear Bruce springsteen ... agent wood ( be : womack 's tux ) in that ? f.b.i. director womack Christ , the concert 's for the Prince of Wale or somebody ... agent wood I really think you should take this call personally . they stare at each other and CUT to : 54 int . hoover build - director womack's office - night -- womack , grab he phone . f.b.i. director womack f.b.i. director womack . hummel ( v.o. ) first : I be hold eighty - one civilian hostage on alcatraz Island . make a excuse to they family and do not alert the media or there will not be eighty . second : fifteen guide rocket armed with v.x. poison , be currently aim at the population of San Francisco . I will call again at 0 - hundred hour and state my demand . f.b.i. director womack wait . who be this ? hummel brigadier General Francis x. hummel . click . womack stare at the phone : call to outer office : f.b.i. director womack Mary Jane , get the Pentagon ! ( to agent Wood ) call the San Francisco office . it seem alcatraz be just re-opene . agent wood give he a curious look and CUT to : int . alcatraz - infirmary / command CENTER - afternoon cpt . hendrix , before hummel . frye , and darrow , and sgt. crisp at attention maj. baxter at hummell side . hummel at ease , gentlemen . it be traditional for I to meet with my officer before a operation . the heart perform one thing , the leg another , the brain another - all better function together or the body become ill , be prone to disease . ( beat ) Major baxter , gunny crisp and I have be on the front line since ' nam . ' Captain hendrix be my adjutant in the Gulf . get a haircut , Pete , you be lookin ' like a beatnik . ( the crew-cutte hendrix smile Captain frye , Captain darrow . ) you and you man be new to I . captain frye would the General like a recitation of we service record ? hummel I be well aware of you service record , Captain , they be excellent . I want to be clear on why you - why all of we be here . you both stand to profit from this . captain frye profit be not my motive , sir . I be here to redress a wrong . captain darrow yes , sir , and to learn some people a lesson . hummel this country have place where wrong be redress , Captain darrow : they be call court of law . in the military , they be call court martial . this country have place where lesson a-re lean . they be call school . be I confusing you ? captain darrow well , sir , frankly ... EL I see that I be ' ( beat ) hummel the only accurate term for what we be do here be treason . plain and simple . a insurrection against a government to which we have swear allegiance . everyone in this room must understand that . hummel look from face to face , study each . hummel the question be what kind of traitor be we . coward or lion ? benedict Arnold , or Thomas iefferson ? I have pose that question to myself , have answer it , and my conscience be clear . have all of you ? hummel ' officer yes , sir . hummel within thirty - two.hour you will leave this country and not return . all of you can live with that ? other officer ( unison ) yes , sir . hummel well , I cannot . so , regardless of what happen on this island in the hour ahead , I will stay . the man exchange surprised glance . captain hendrix but General , you will be prosecute . hummel yes , Captain . and I plan on conduct my own defense . it will make the O.J. Simpson trial look like a episode of " perry mason . " take you post , gentleman . semper fi . hummel 's man fall out and exit . baxter , the last to exit , salute hummel . int . pentagon - situation room - night many people around a table , each with a dossier on hummel : f.b.i. director womack ( still in tuxedo ) , f.b.i. agent margie Wood , White House Chief of staff hayden sinclair , National Security advisor louis lindstrom , Chairman of the Joint Chiefs general albert kramer , Air Force General peterson , and c.i.a . director milton amway . general kramer last night hummel and eleven marine , under the guise of a security exercise , walk off with fifteen v.x. rocket . it be not discover until the shift change this morning . on the screen - a younger hummel in Vietnam . general kramer here he be in Vietnam - I think a Major at the time . more slide of hummel in various international theater . hayden sinclair four tour in Vietnam , Grenada , Panama , Desert Storm . Three purple heart ... two silver star and ... the congressional Medal of ... jesus. ( look up ) the man be a hero . general kramer a legend . during Tet he hold off a brigade of v.c. single-handedly . save he whole company . hence the nickname " gunfighter . " f.b.i. director womack what be this book hummel write on Vietnam ? anybody read it ? rayden sinclair no . give I the skinny . general kramer the " skinny , " Mr. sinclair , be that the U.S. should have either win the war or get the hell out of Vietnam and stop waste american life . I happen to share General hummell view . the door open . a naval attache poke he head in . naval attache General , it 's he . the call connect to a phone on the table . general kramer Frank , this be Albert Kramer . hummel hello al. howlre Judy and the kid ? general kramer they be fine . I be with General Peterson , f.b.i. director womack , Chief of staff sinclair , Security advisor lindstrom , and c.i.a. director amway . you have get a lot of people worried , Frank . can you help we out ? intercut - pentagon and alcatraz as necessary . hummel I will come straight to the point , General Kramer : eighty - three Force reconnaissance Marines have die under my various command . forty -seven in northern Laos and southern China ... hayden sinclair Southern China ? we never admit we send troops into China . there be a pause . hummel who be that . identify yourself . everyone stare at sinclair . hayden sinclair White House Chief of staff sinclair , General . hummel how old be you , white House Chief of staff sinclair . rayden sinclair I be thirty - three . hummel well White House Chief of staff sinclair , by you ninth birthday I have lead over two hundred incursion into China and personally kill that many of the enemy . General , put some duct tape over Mr. sinclair 's fat , ignorant mouth . he have shit for brain and he be waste my time . sinclair 's irritation be relieved by the Naval attache , enter again , who hand he a phone and whisper : naval attache the President call from Moscow . sinclair walk to the far corner of the room with the phone , speak sotto voice . general kramer continue Frank . hummel eighteen other die in covert , illegal operation in chile and El salvador . remember the Gulf War . that pretty " smart bomb " picture on c.n.n .? my man lase that target . ten be leave to rot outside Baghdad when the conflict end - and let 's not even mention Mogadishu , gentleman . no benefit be pay to they family ; no medal confer . this man die for they country and they be not even give a coddamn military burial . ( beat ) this situation will not stand : you will transfer 100 million dollar from a Grand Cayman " Red Sea Trading company " account to a account I designate . from this fund , reparation of one million dollar will be pay to each of the 83 marine , family . the rest of the money will pay for my outfit 's expense . be I clear ? f.b.i. director womack except for the Red Sea Trading company . what be that ? hummel identify yourself . f.b.i. director womack f.b.i. director womack , General . hummel you will be particularly interested : it 's a slush fund where the Pentagon keep proceed from illegal arm sale . general kramer Frank , Jesus , this be classified information . womack ( stunne ) be this true ? General Kramer , embarrassed , nod yes . hummel if you want the money back , you will have to tell the attorney General and the boy down at justice where it come from . good luck . hayden sinclair return to the table . hayden sinclair General , I have just speak to the President and he be clear as hell on this : we will not negotiate with you and we do not care if ... hummel someone please gag that man . ( beat ) alert the media , I launch the gas . refuse payment , I launch the gas . it be just after midnight . you have 36 hour - all of today and half of tomorrow , until 12 noon - to transfer the money . do not even consider the standard counter measure , General . general kramer what 's the potential casualty rate of a single rocket armed with v.x. , General Peterson ? general peterson in a dense urban area , sixty , seventy ... rayden sinclair well that 's not so bad ... I general peterson thousand . seventy thousand . Dead . one teaspoon will kill all live organism in a three story office building . get the point ? f.b.i. director womack what do hummel mean by " , standard countermeasure , " General ? general peterson napalm . Standard pgison gas can be neutralize by napalm . it burn it up -- consume it upon detonation . the problem be that v.x. gas be ten time more toxic and design to withstand napalm . hummel must know about willy Peter , General . general kramer ' course he do . ( explain to other ) " willy Peter , " short for " White phosphorous incendiary device , " still in its test phase . it detonate at 6,000 degree , enough to burn up v.x. ( dawn on he ) that explain hummell time frame . he know we be not operational . what would it take , General ? general peterson to equip a flight of F - 16 with willy Peter in 36 hour ? a act of god. ( off Kramer 's look ) all right , we can try . but view the use of willy Peter as a secondary initiative . general kramer then on to we primary initiative . ( hit intercom button ) send in s.e.a.l. team leader Anderson . ( to f.b.i. womack ) who 's you best chemical biological man ? agent wood ( rise ) I will find out . f.b.i. director womack tell he to pack a bag for San Francisco . ext . goodspeed be house - rooftop - night tarpaper and gravel roof . candle burn . Loretta lynnl " stand by you man " on the boom box . amongst the rusty support scaffold of a old sign from the 120' -- carla and goodspeed be , to put it delicately , madly passionately athletically fuck . stand up . they both have robe on . a cordless phone ring . again . carla do not stop ... do no stop . goodspeed shit , shit , shit what time be it . ( fumble for phone ) hello. ( pause ) I will be downstairs in ten minute . goodspeed hang up . the couple stare at each other . carla 's see this look before ... goodspeed I have get to go to San Francisco . carla no. I be sorry , but no . I need you here with I . we need to talk about this ... goodspeed I have get to go . she grab he arm . I can not ... I can not deal with this right now ... ( softly ) Bill , I be very Catholic . and very pregnant . and very unmarried . help I with this . she turn away from he . he pull she back ... goodspeed I love you . I will marry you . I just do not plan on this , that 's all . tell you what : come to San Francisco . carla really ? ( smile ) really ? goodspeed it 's probably just a training exercise . check into a hotel , order up some champagne , I will finish up my business and ... carla ... we will finish what we start . baby , be you sexy in that boot ... goodspeed walk off in cowboy boot , robe and boxer , .. int . pentagon - situation room - night u.s.n. commander charle anderson , 35 , just the hardest look man you have ever see , stand before the group . Anderson be a navy s.e.a.l. , a incursion team leader . before Anderson be aerial recon photo of alcatraz . commander anderson a precision night drop be out due to the full moon . likewise on a frontal , seaside attack : at the first shot , hummel might launch . my second in command be work on a attack from within the prison . ( beat ) the idea be to penetrate the tunnel under the prison , undetected , emerge in its center , and jump the marine from behind - take they rocket position without a shot fire . but I need better intelligence . general kramer you have study the architectural plan . commander anderson they be useless . alcatraz be originally a Civil War fort . it 's be rip up and rebuilt for year . under there be a maze of shit , excuse my language . ( beat ) what I need be personal , firsthand intelligence on the island 's tunnel . camera focus on f.b.i. director womack , who give a very significant look to c.i.a. director amway . general kramer the former warden ? agent wood die in 1979 . the guard we contact be useless . there be a janitor , " alcatraz Al " . he work there for twenty year , but he die in 1983 . general peterson do not three guy escape ? I think I see a movie about it . agent wood it 's a Hollywood myth . no one 's escape alcatraz and live . f.b.i. director trade a very significant look with c.i.a. director amway . amway clear he throat . he be older , very old school . everyone turn to he . c.i.a. directory amway there be someone who can help we . f.b.i. director womack the c.i.a. director and I have something to discuss in private . womack and amway rise and exit together . everyone else sit there , confuse . int . pentagon - corridor - night womack and amway exit into the corridor . they huddle tightly against the wall . sotto voice : - f.b.i. director womack you be not actually suggest ... c.i.a. directory amway the man spend every night for six month make a dry-run of he escape . he know every inch of that island . we have to , Jim . f.b.i. director womack I be very uncomfortable about this . int . wolfburg penitentiary - cell block - night a long row of cell . camera slowly dolly past cell after cell . sullen inmate stare blankly at we ... f.b.i. director womack ( o.s. ) I know , I know someday , this would come back to bite we . camera move through a door mark " isolation . " at the end of a gloomy corridor be a cast -iron door . back to the pentagon corridor c.i.a. directory amway it will not bite anyone - if handle correctly . when be the last time you see he ? f.b.i. director womack when he escape from San quentin . c.i.a. directory amway the man be a s.a.s. train killer . back to wolfburg - in the isolation cell two federal marshal open the cell . 's steel lock bar . they push open the door . Dark inside . a man sit on the bed . c.i.a. directory amway can we risk let .him out ? a shaft of light cut across the cell floor . c.i.a. directory amway the question be : can we not ? the shaft of light slice the face of JOHN paul mason . he be british , at least once be , imprison without trial for 33 year on U.S. soil . for now , we have no idea why . ext . WASHINGTON D.C. - dulle airport hangar - might raining . a f.b.i gulfstream 4 jet sit on the tarmac . ext . f.b.i. gulfstream - night f.b.i. director womack sit with francis reynold , 30 , a Assistant U.S. Attorney from the justice dept . goodspeed sit across the aisle . f.b.i. director womack I be tell you be we best chemical weapon man , goodspeed . what 's you education ? goodspeed B.A. Columbia . m.a. and p.h.d. , johns hopkins , biochemistry and toxicology . f.b.i. director womack excellent . what do you know about v.x. gas ? pause . goodspeed stare at womack . goodspeed this be not a training exercise , be it sir . f.b.i. director womack no goodspeed . it 's not a training exercise . hold on goodspeed be reaction , and CUT to : ext . san francisco - federal build - dawn Dawn break over San francisoo . a black sedan and black suburban pull up to the f.b.i. 's West Coast office . goodspeed , womack and reynold get out , go inside . int . f.b.i . - observation room - morning we watch mason be lead into a interrogation room , he leg in iron , he hand cuffed behind he . ' we be watch through a two - way mirror , and widen to : womack , goodspeed , reynold and ernest sanchez , s.f. Bureau agent in charge , be watch mason . sanchez be a gruff guy with the subtlety of a heart attack . f.b.i. director womack the follow be a state secret . disclose it to any party and you will be subject to prosecution . his name be John mason . a british national incarcerate on alcatraz island in 1962 , escape in 1963 . agent sanchez director , no one 's ever escape from alcatraz ... f.b.i. director womack I be tell you fact , agent sanchez . do not argue and do not question . he be recapture and send to San quentin , from which he escape in February , 1976 . he 's be hold at wolfburg since . he have no identity . he do not exist . understood ? ( turn to sanchez ) I want one thing : how he escape alcatraz - specifically the route he take through the island 's tunnel . agent sanchez you want he conscious or unconscious afterward ? f.b.i. director womack do not even entertain it . this man laugh at strong arm tactic . dodium pentathol do not work either . goodspeed why 's he go to help we now ? U.S. attorney reynold ( hand womack pardon ) mason 's papers be in order , sir . f.b.i. director womack because I be willing to give he what he want , goodspeed - a full pardon . agent sanchez steep price for some information . ( wave pardon away ) I do not need that to get what you want . f.b.i. director womack sanchez - try subtlety . agent sanchez it 's my middle name . ( to goodspeed ) watch kid , maybe you will learn something . sanchez exit . f.b.i. director womack ( grumble ) I ask for a interrogator and what do I get ... in the interrogation room - mason look around . he focus on the mirror . he stare right through at goods deed . goodspeed be fascinate , unnerve . goodspeed ( to himself ) Jesus look at this guy . int . f.b.i . - interrogation room - morning sanchez walk in , sip coffee . mason sit there , eye forward . sanchez I be f.b.i. special agent in charge sanchez . sanch sit . mason stare at the table . mason in charge of what ? Fucking I over for another three decade ? sanchez ( congenial ) hey . easy . I just want to talk . mason you know what f.b.i. stand for sanchez ? Fucking bloody idiot . I do not want to talk to you . a pause . sanchez glare at mason . sanchez just some question about alcatraz . it 's a tourist attraction now . you remember alcatraz , mason . the word " alcatraz " register with mason . mason do I remember alcatraz . sanchez not the island itself . the tunnel underneath it . in the observation room f.b.i. director womack Real subtle , sanchez ... in the interrogation room sanchez there 's no harm in cooperate with we . mason who 's " we ? " f.b.i .? c.i.a .? why should I do that ? sanchez maybe there 's a gift in it for you . mason ( to the mirror ) timeo danao et dona ferentes . the observation room goodspeed smile slightly : goodspeed " I fear the Greeks even when they bring gift . " the interrogation room mason be you capable of read , sanchez ? sanchez be get flustered . sanchez I do not have time for this shit ... ( pause ; stare at mason ) yes . I can read . mason the story of alchimadus . know it ? sanchez no . the observation room goodspeed ( to himself ) ancient Greece . alchimadus be imprison by he king . the interrogation room mason Thomas a beckett . Heard of he ? sanchez maybe . not really . the observation room goodspeed ( to himself ) archbishop of canterbury . imprison and execute by Henry the second ... the interrogation room mason solzhenitsyn . I have a sneaking suspicion you have hear of he . the observation room goodspeed ( to himself ) Russian poet and dissident exile to siberia . the interrogation room sanchez draw a blank on solzhenitsyn . sanchez look , I be ask the fuck question here . ( beat ) you can trust the f.b.i . mason that 's a good one , sanchez . what do you call and f.b.i . agent who can not tell a lie ? a mute . mason turn away . as if sanchez no longer exist . suddenly , over a wall - mount intercom : U.S. attorney reynold ( v.o. ) uhm , agent sanchez , could we have a word with you ? sanchez here , call you lawyer and tell he you be go back to jail . sanchez toss a quarter on the desk and exit . in the observation room f.b.i. director womack impressive , sanchez . goodspeed you mind if ... uhm .... I take a shot ? sanchez he will eat he alive . f.b.i. director womack he 's already have you for the first course . ( hand goodspeed the pardon ) go. goodspeed take the pardon , go for the door . the interrogation room goodspeed enter . he 's completely out of he element , have no idea what he 's do , and be - suddenly face - to - face with this .... mason creature . the two man regard each other . goodspeed take he cuff off . the marshal uncuff mason 's wrist . mason rub he wrist , stare now at goodspeed . mason who the fuck be you , mother theresa ? so much for goodspeed 's confidence . goodspeed no actually , I be Bill goodspeed . ( rally ) Mr. mason , we really need you help . that 's a pardon and release contract from the Attorney Generals office . it make you a free man , provide you cooperate . he slide a ballpoint pen across to mason . mason look at the pen , then goodspeed . mason what do you do for the f.b.i. , goodspeed . goodspeed ( lie ) I be a field agent . mason tell I what you really do . in the observation room f.b.i. director womack do not answer that , goodspeed .... in the interrogation room goodspeed I be a chemical biological weapon expert . mason register this information .... 73 in the observation room f.b.i. director womack stupid , stupid , stupid .... in the interrogation room mason stare at the pardon contract , think . mason you say I would be a free man . define free goodspeed uhm , well , emancipate . unfetter . mason I know what the fuck word mean , idiot . in this context . goodspeed I do not understand .... mason during the time I cooperate , will I be outside ? outside a jail ? goodspeed well yes I suppose ... mason you suppose ? goodspeed yes . you will be outside . in the observation room f.b.i. director womack do not give away the farm , goodspeed . in the interrogation room mason what 's happen on alcatraz , goodspeed ? goodspeed a hostage situation . a matter of life and death . mason think . he pick up the pen . mason ( look at mirror ) then on one condition : a minimum of two hour in the fairmont Hotel - I trust it still exist . I want a shower and a new suit of clothes . goodspeed I think we can arrange that . with that mason pick up the pen and sign the pardon contract . he hand it to goodspeed , who exit . mason turn toward the mirror , stare right through . int . f.b.i . ~ observation room - day sanchez and goodspeed enter . goodspeed hand U.S. attorney reynold the sign pardon contract . sanchez why do not you throw in a trip to fiji ? U.S. attorney reynold I will have this forward to the President , director . f.b.i. director womack no . you will give it to I . ( pause ) give it to I , reynold . reynold reluctantly hand the pardon to womack . f.b.i. director womack ( to sanchez ) show Attorney reynold outside there 's a car wait for he . and sanchez - I will handle the next stage . sanchez lead the perturb reynold out . goodspeed and womack be alone now . and womack tear up the pardon goodspeed Sir , that 's a legal document . f.b.i. director womack I will decide what 's legal , goodspeed . over womack's shoulder , goodspeed watch as -- in the interrogation room - mason place the quarter on the floor . he raise he metal chair ; slam it down on the quarter . goodspeed Sir , that reference to alchimadus , beckett , solzhenitsyn : all have something in common . in the interrogation room - mason pick up the coin . it have a deep burr in it . he move to the mirror ; begin carve into the glass . goodspeed they be imprison for do nothing wrong . what 's go on , sir ? goodspeed watch mason over womack 's shoulder . f.b.i. director womack you be out of you depth , goodspeed . you be on a need to know basis and you do not need to know . mason have etched a circle in the mirror . he slam he elbow against it . the glass cave in , crash to the floor . goodspeed and womack whirl around , startle . mason lean into the observation room . mason one more thing : a shave and a haircut . ( see womack ) hello womack . mason and womack stare at each other and CUT to : ext . mojave - desert flat - morning a hot desert-vista . mile of nowhere . a dodge sit under a tripod . suspend from the tripod , a blinking device . the device detonate , shower the car with white hot burning liquid and amazingly , the car melt into a pool of molten steel , disintegrate to ash , which blow across the desert . 50 yard away - u.s.a.f. lo. jimmy fisk and cpt . larry giler ( both late 20' ) emerge from the heat wave in heat - refletive suit , walk toward a heat protective bunker ( a wall coat with heat reflective metal . ) behind the bunker u.s.a.f. General Peterson watch with other Air Force officer and technician . fisk and giler enter , pull off they suit hood . they face be bett red from the heat . cpt . giler what it 's all about , sir : willy Peter burn steel , burn titanium ; it will sure burn up you poison and everything else in the atmosphere . general peterson I need four F - 16 's equip with air-to-ground missile within ... ( consult wristwatch ) .... twenty - six hour . lo. fisk let I name some thing that be more possible , General , with all due respect : win the lottery , climb mt. everest barefoot , get a parking space at yankee Stadium , marrying Sharon Stone ... cpt . giler can not do it , General . general peterson you can . and you will . General Peterson walk off . cpt . giler get yer mind off budweiser , baseball , and broad , fella - we be goin , , round the clock ! CUT to : int . , f.b.i. van - back compartment - drive - morning a van with no window . mason be shackle to a steel loop at one end of the seating bench . goodspeed sit across from he , a cellular phone at he ear . three f.b.i. agent ( cord , STAR and hunt ) sit down the bench , talk amongst themselves . carla ( v.o. ) ( record voice message ) hi! Bill and carla be not in ! State you business ! make it interesting ! goodspeed ( into phone ) listen carla : I will explain later , but do not come to San Francisco . close on mason , watch goodspeed , pick up anything he can from the conversation . int . goodspeed apartment - day carla stand in the threshold of the apartment , watch the answer machine -- goodspeed ( v.o. ) ( on the machine ) I repeat , do not come to San Francisco . carla like hell I be not ... she exit , slamm the door . int . f.b.i. van - back compartment - continuous , goodspeed click off the phone , think , nervous . goodspeed notice that mason be stare at he . mason ( sotto ) who 's carla ? and why do not you want she to come to San Francisco ? goodspeed do not answer . he notice the f.b.i. agent stare at mason and he . he straighten up . goodspeed you be on a need to know basis and you do not need to know . mason you learn that line in cub scout , goodspeed ? the van stop : the rear door open to the fairmont HOTEL service entrance . int . fairmont HOTEL - penthouse suite - day top floor suite with a private elevator . Grand , with french door lead to a balcony . director womack , goodspeed and f.b.i. Agents Star and hunt be in the room . jacket off , shoulder holster on . f.b.i. director womack I personally pick this suite . ( point at elevator ) only one exit . in the suite' bathroom steamy , from the shower . f.b.i. agent cord sit on the sink . mason's voice emanate from the shower . he 's sing some ditty off - key . but mason be not wash . inside the shower stall -- mason 's tamper with the bell housing of the retractable clothesline on the shower wall . mason pop off the bell-house . he pull out the nylon clothesline cord ( it 's thick , about 10 fot ) and rip it from the bell housing . test its strength . satisfied , he knot a noose on one end of the clothesline cord , then coil . in the bathroom - mason emerge from the shower wear a huge hotel bathrobe . cord hand he a suit of clothes . mason inspect they . marshal cord put them on . you have get forty - five minute . mason you go to stand there and watch ? marshal cord that 's right . mason well if it excite - you ... marshal cord put the goddamn clothes on . in the suite' live room womack be dump the content of a barber' bag on the sideboard . hand the HOTEL barber , a swishy guy , a comb , electric trimmer and bib . the barber frown . barber I can not do a decent job with this . f.b.i. director womack that 's all you get . barber I be a artist , not a barber . f.b.i. director womack ( hold up scissors ) without this he can not stab you in the throat . mason , dress , emerge from the bathroom . motion the barber toward the balcony . mason shall we do this outside ? in the sunshine ? the barber gulp . follow mason onto the balcony . on the suite' balcony mason sit in the sun on a balcony chair . bib on . barber how would you like it sir ? mason whatever 's in style . barber oh fabulous . you look shabby . shall I snip and cut the shabbiness away ? the barber begin trimming mason 's hair ... the balcony - some minute later mason 's hair and beard be neatly trim . the barber hold a mirror up ; mason examine himself . mason good . thank -you . the barber stand . clear he throat . rub he thumb and forefinger together . mason yes of course . my secretary will take care of you .- ( to agent Star ) see to the good man will you ? agent Star , glaring at mason , lead the barber out . mason what say we bury the hatchet , womack . mason extend he hand . womack look at it . as womack reluctantly take mason 's hand , mason slide the noose over womack 's wrist . he yank it tight and shoulder director womack bodily over the balustrade . mason in you head . womack plunge , howling , 9 storey to he death . no , he only fall 10 foot . sproooooing he stop , hang by he wrist off the side of the building , hold there by -- -- mason on the balcony , clutching the other end of the nylon clothesline , stare at goodspeed . goodspeed Jesus ... jesus christ .... goodspeed fumble for he gun . finally unholster it . director womack , hang below , be scream . mason - Drop the gun or I will drop you boss . ext . fairmont HOTEL - across the STREET - day two f.b.i . agent , loitering by they vehicle , look up at womack , dangle off the side of the building . f.b.i. agent Holy shit , we get a jumper . f.b.i. agent 2 raise binocular to he eye . f.b.i. agent 2 look like .... womack ... ! ent . fairmont HOTEL - penthouse suite - day mason and goodspeed as before . mason whoops .... I be feel tired .... whoops .... mason let womack drop a foot . womack scream ! goodspeed drop he gun and grab the clothesline . mason bolt from the balcony into the suitel library . agent STAR sprint onto the balcony . Star and goodspeed begin haul womack up as -- . mason steal through the suite , through the vestibule , and into the elevator . on the balcony - agent Star and goodspeed hoist directory womack , red-face and sputtering , over the railing . goodspeed grab Star 's walkie-talkie . goodspeed all unit , this be caretaker . we've got a signal six . mason 's in the elevator ! let I know where he stop ! int . fairmont HOTEL - basement - HOTEL kitchen - day mason exit the elevator . the kitchen be bustling with cook and busboys . mason move toward the side exit . two f.b.i. agent enter . mason duck into the dishwash room . wait for the Agents to run past . mason emerge , run right into ..... goodspeed . whamm . mason's fist slam into goodspeed 's jaw . goodspeed go down on the huge dishwasher . mason move off quickly toward the side exit . ext . fairmont HOTEL - side exit - day mason exit the hotel . 20 foot away be the parking valet . 10 incredibly fast expensive european car be wait to be park . first in line , however , be a humvee . ext . fairmont HOTEL - side exit - day goodspeed exit , look at mason get into the humvee . the humvee explode out of the hotel driveway . goodspeed shout to the f.b.i. agent across the street : goodspeed that 's he ! the f.b.i. sedan roar off after mason . goodspeed look around . a Ferrari sit there . goodspeed get behind the wheel . the ferrari blast out of the driveway after the humvee . ext . san francisco - street - day the humvee lumber up to a traffic light . stop behind several vehicle ahead . int . mason be car - drive - day mason look - up in the rear view mirror . the f.b.i. sedan be behind he , close fast . mason ram the stickshift into gear ; throw the wheel . ext . san francisco STREET - day mason's humvee veer to the side and climb over a park , day - glow paint vw beetle , squashing it 's hood . the humvee roar through the intersection , leave -- the f.b.i. sedan and goodspeed ferrari trap at the light behind the other car . ext . the STREET ahead - day mason's humvee plow through traffic , hit the leave and right bumper of the car in front of it , knock they aside . it blow through ten car like ten-pin . goodspeed ferrari slalom through the humvee 's wake of dent car and accelerate after the humvee . two police patrolmen scramble into they cruiser , throw on the cherry top light . the cruiser charge after the humvee and the Ferrari . ext . san francisco street ( hill # 1 ) - day the humvee be accelerate up a very steep hill . ' 100 yard down the hill , the two s.f. police cruiser , the f.b.i. sedan , and goodspeed ferrari , all race after it . int . mason's humvee - day mason have the radio on . a newsflash be broadcast : radio newsman this just in : more than twenty highway patrolmen be involved in a highspeed chase on Van ness boulevard , north of trocadero ... mason look at humvee 's cellular phone . grab it . Studies it . he 's never use one before . mason modern convenience . cheers. ( punch number ) San Francisco . jade angelou . that 's a..n..g..e..l .... ext . san francisco street ( hill # 1 ) - day at the intersection - the traffic light be red . a sparklett water truck proceed into the intersection . 103 int . mason be car - drive - day mason run the red light . the sparklett truck be in the intersection . mason violently throw the wheel . the humvee swerve to avoid the sparklett truck -- ext . san francisco street ( top of hill # 1 ) ~ day -- but do not make it . mason 's humvee slam into the sparklett truck 's back end , knock it sideways . the humvee blast through the intersection as -- 70 water bottle ( 5 gallon each ) tumble off the sparklett truck . the bottle roll down the hill , gain speed . 104a int . mason's humvee ~ day the call connect . jade angelou ( o.s. ) hello ? mason be this jade angelou ? jade angelou ( o.s. ) yes . who be this ? mason John mason . ( lengthy pause ) do not be shocked . I do not have much time . please listen carefully .... int . goodspeed ferrari - day goodspeed where be he sir ? right in front of I . what 's he do ? he's on the phone . I don't fucking know , he stockbroker ! oh shit . gotta go . goodspeed look at sparklett bottle bear down on he int . s.f. police cruiser - day two s.f. patrolmen . they eye widen too as -- the sparklett bottle be bounce now , roll down on they at 45 m.p.h . a bottle smashes through the windshield , shower the patrolmen with glass . ext . san fpancisco stpeet - ( midway up hill # 1 ) - day Chaos . bottle after bottle smashes down on the - front-running vehicle . denting hood . smashing windshield . three f.b.i. sedan and goodspeed ferrari negotiate the crash car . they race through the carnage after mason . ext . san francisco street - . ( hill # 2 ) - day mason's humvee explode over the crest of a hill at 90 m.p.h. and soar . a beat , then -- the f.b.i. sedan , follow by goodspeed ferrari soar over the crest of the hill . ext . san francisco street - ( bottom of hill # 2 ) - day at the intersection here , two s.f. road worker be slide a steel plate over a 6 ft . deep ditch cut in the asphalt ( for a water main or equivalent ) . the Road worker , hearing the wail of mason's humvee , look up and dive away just at the humvee blast over he steel plate , dislodge it from its positioning . it teeters on the lip of the ditch . the f.b.i. sedan hit the teeter steel plate , which collapse -- cause the sedan to be swallow up halfway into the ditch , it 's rear end stick up in the air . second pass , then -- the second f.b.i. sedan slam into the frontrunn sedan 's.. exposed undercarriage . both vehicle be obliterate . goodspeed ferrari , in the most hair-raise slide ever film , veer and miss the mangle f.b.i. sedan . now it 's just mason and goodspeed and CUT to : ext . san francisco street - ( top of hill # 3 ) - day mason's humvee , with goodspeed ferrari close behind , race down a street on the crest of a hill . in the intersection ahead - a cable car be turn down the hill . mason 's humvee also turn down the hill , but as the humvee round the corner -- a old woman start crossing the street . mason throw the wheel swerving to avoid she , and -- -- the humveeis bumper catch the back of the cable car , dislodge its rear steel wheel from the cable car tpacks . with the front wheel still lodge in the track , the cable car becrin to slide sideways . goodspeed ferrari clear the cable car 's slide back end and sprint after mason 's humvee . ext . san francisco street - midway down hill # 3 - day the humvee and Ferrari blast down the hill . the street be thick with vehicular traffic . so the humvee swerve , leave the street . onto the sidewalk . where ... SNAP SNAP SNAP it knock down every parking meter , then hit a ladder in a cordon off area . on the ladder , a lineman be fix a municipal power line . the ladder collapse ; the lineman fall , flail through the air . goodspeed slam on the brake . the Ferrari spin 180 degree and lurch to a stop face uphill . int . goodspeed ferrari - day the AIR bag be explode in goodspeed 's face . goodspeed shit shit shit shit ... ext . san francisco street - midway down hill # 3 - day goodspeed look up the hill . goodspeed eye bug . goodspeed be Pov - the cable car be still slide down the hill sideways . the sliding cable car , its wheel spewing SPARKS down the hill . the last passenger dive . it 's now empty and slide straight for goodspeed 's Ferrari ... int . goodspeed ferrari - day goodspeed grab the ferraril cellular phone and try the door latch . the goddamn airbac be all over he .... so goodspeed shoot the fuck air bag . ext . san francisco street - ( bottom of hill 33 ) - day the tumbling cable car hit the toyotal rear . the toyotal gas tank explode , lift the cable car . the ferraril door fly open . goodspeed dive away as -- -- the cable car , aflame , cartwheel in mid-air and land with a whump on the ferrari , crush it like a tin-can . goodspeed , daze , wheel away from the wreck , shield he eye from the smoke and fire . a young kid on a motorcycle roll up . motorcycle kid you just fuck up you Ferrari , man . goodspeed it 's not mine . motorcycle kid Way cool . ( smile ) goodspeed neither be this . goodspeed shove the kid off the motorcycle . speed off into traffic . the kid stand there dumbstruck . ext . street of san francisco - day goodspeed , drive through traffic on the kid ,s motorcycle , flip open the cell phone . punch number . int . f.b.i. office - chemical / biological division , ft . dietrick , maryland - day marvin isherwood be enjoy another thrill day . he grab for the ringing phone . isherwood chem weapon . isherwood . goodspeed ( v.o. ) marvin , ring up wolfburg Federal Pen . the inmate be mason , John . isherwood get on the computer . start tapping .... inter CUT - marvin in the lab / goodspeed on motorcycle isherwood wolfburg , get it . masconi , magrane , Masters . no mason in wolfburg , Bill , be this arelative of yours ... ? goodspeed not now isherwood . go to February 1976 . who be transfer to wolfburg from San quentin that year ? isherwood two guy . Joseph wainwright , and a .... they do not have a name , just " inmate 9999 ? " goodspeed hit nine nine nine nine . isherwood this be weird . they get medical record , place of birth - Glasgow ? but no name . wait a minute , there 's a next of kin . jade angelou of 32 stenson drive , San Francisco . Bill do you , like , fuck something up ? Bill ? Bill ? goodspeed roar off on the motorcycle and CUT to : ext . san francisco - 32 stenson drive - day a single family house . across the street -- goodspeed watch the house . the door open . jade angelou exit . she 's 19 , tall , pretty , purposeful . ext . san francisco - piazza des arte - day mason stand next to a massive column , write on a piece of paper : " ST . michael' church , fort walton , kansas . front pew . right leg . hollow . " across the park - jade angelou enter a city park with a rotunda of classical design . a walk - way under massive corinthian column . she move through the rotunda . mason see she . he step behind the column as she pass . there be a moment of indecision . mason look at the piece of paper in he hand . mason jade . jade angelou stop cold . slow -ly turn . and regards mason . across the rotunda - goodspeed see mason and jade . he stealthily move toward they . by the column - mason and jade jade approach mason tentatively . he be stunne by she . by she beauty , she bear , she likeness to 'him . mason hello . yes . it 's I . jade I uhm ... I be not quite sure what to say . this be all a bit much ... several police car roar past , siren blaring . mason pocket the piece of paper . mason let 's uhm ... let 's walk a way . they walk off next to a tall hedge . goodspeed follow on the other side of the hedge . intercut between mason and jade , and goodspeed eavesdropp . goodspeed pull out he cellular phone , begin punch number . jade so how long have you be out ? mason a while . jade a while . and you do not call ? you be free now , right ? mason I be here with you , be not I ? jade why now ? I mean why today . mason I be drive through San Francisco . I decide it be time . jade well there 's not a lot I know about you other than you escape from San quentin , have a four day affair with my mother , and I be the result . you can imagine I be pretty confuse . mason I try to explain in my letter . jade ahh . you letter . they be not very easy to follow . she fish in she pocket . pull out a letter . whole section of the letter have be scissore out . mason. frown . mason I see. ( grumble ) bloody prison censor . jade how about explain now ? in the b.g. we hear police siren . mason look around . mason maybe this be not the best time ... ( off she look ) jade . here sitdown . mason and jade sit on a bench . more siren in the b.9 . mason look off nervously . mason all will be explain . you must trust I on this . someday very soon , after I get a few thing settle , I will come back for you . what I need to know be : do you want I in you life ? jade how can I answer that ? I do not know if we can .... after 19 year , just start like that . mason we be the same blood . jade but I do not know you . mason where to begin . ( sigh ) my name be John Paul mason . I be Scottish . I attend Dartmouth Naval College . my favorite color be green . I like book . I like a good joke . at one time I shot a pretty fair round of golf . I be in my 60' and I have be in jail half my life . ( jade look away ) maybe it 's better I go . she smile . put she hand on he . jade no . you be do okay . Police siren blare . and the entire park . be suddenly surround by f.b.i. and police vehicle . jade you lie to I . goodspeed approach . mason make no attempt to move . jade turn to he . goodspeed ( flash he i.d. ) f.b.i. miss . you father be work with we . he 's help we resolve a .... ( look at mason ) .... dangerous situation . jade he be ? goodspeed yes madam . we have get to go , John . mason extend he hand to jade . she take it . mason jade - remember what I say . they hug . then mason walk off with goodspeed and -- -- jade open she hand , revealing the piece of paper upon which mason write he instruction . across the park - f.b.i. agent STAR and cord run up . goodspeed ( sharply ) no cuff until we get to the car , they continue toward the wait car . mason you surprise I , goodspeed . now I be go to surprise myself : thank - you , you could have handle that differently . goodspeed ( tight ) you almost get I kill . twice . mason how you jaw ? goodspeed wheel on mason and swing . snatch . mason catch goodspeed 's fist . Three inch from he face . goodspeed it hurt . sanchez , director womack and the f.b.i. agent approach . womack 's arm be in a sling ; he 's in a volcanic rage . f.b.i. director womack you cocksucker you dislocate my shoulder and cost the city of San Francisco ten million dollar . you try to escape again and agent chaney here will break you leg . agent chaney , large and mean , come to mason 's side . mason please to meet you . int . pier 39 - f.b.i. command CENTER - day night be fall . a large warehouse room with window look out to alcatraz Island . look like n.a.s.a . at a rectangular table - mason sit at the head of the table 122 in front of a scale model of alcatraz . commander anderson and ten navy s.e.a.l.s look toward mason . Anderson be agitate , stare at mason . commander anderson okay , one more time : down this second fork fifty - seven pace to a septic chamber . turn leave at the water pump , then forty - two pace to the prison shower ... mason no. forty - two pace to the septic chamber . fifty -seven to the shower . commander anderson ( pointedly ) that 's not what you say three minute ago . mason ( innocently ) it 's not ? commander anderson ( dagger stare at mason ) Excuse me.t ( rise ) womack . womack follow Anderson aside . they confer heatedly . commander anderson I ask for someone with knowledge of the island 's tunnel . you give I a fuckin , convict who want to play " twenty question . " f.b.i. director womack he know every inch of that tunnel , Commander . commander anderson then he 's keep it to himself . he 's fuck with I and I do not have the time . f.b.i. director womack ( pause ; he think ) what if he go with you ? commander anderson out of the question . he will endanger the mission - he will endanger my man . he 's a security risk . who say he will not bolt as soon as we turn we back on he ? f.b.i. director womack I will handle that . chaney . the hulk chaney escort mason over . f.b.i. director womack you be not cooperate , John . maybe this will help . I be sure you be curious about what 's happen on alcatraz . ( no response ) twelve United States Marines - a terrorist rogue force - have seize it . they have aim fifteen poison gas rocket at the city . enough poison gas to kill every man , woman and child in San Francisco . ( smile ) yes , John , include you daughter . mason you son-of-fuck - Satan . f.b.i. directoa womack Mr. mason have a strong incentive to help we , Commander Anderson . mason boil . then spring at womack . chaney grab mason , headlock he . so mason knee womack in the ball . womack double over . recover , cough . f.b.i. director womack get he some gear . he 's go to the rock . goodspeed ! across the room - goodspeed look up from a computer screen generate 3 - D image of different angle of a v.x. rocket . he walk over to the table . Anderson and the other s.e.a.l.s stare at he . commander anderson the goal be to take out the launcher and neutralize the v.x.chem round , goodspeed . tell we what you know . goodspeed well , the thermal imaging photo pick up the poison gas . here . the prison morgue . ( point ) it 's probably be keep refrigerate . make sense . v.x. gas begin to lose its toxicity at higher temperature . commander anderson have you ever actually see one of this device ? goodspeed no sir , but I have study they .... commander anderson ( sarcastic ) that 's great , goodspeed . you be in the Bureau , so you have have weapon training . goodspeed a little , sir . commander anderson so you have never be in a combat situation . goodspeed no sir. ( beat ) should I begin the briefing on diffuse and detoxification sir ? commander anderson wo not be necessary . goodspeed Sir , this be very complicated device ... commander anderson I know they be , goodspeed . that 's why you be go with we . goodspeed Sir ? commander anderson ( to s.e.a.l. reigert ) get he some gear . mason stare at goodspeed . mason wait just a minute . this little twat 's go to deal with the poison ? he 's gonna get we all fuckin ' kill ! mason walk off mutter . int . pier.39 command CENTER - bathroom - a minute later s.e.a.l. dando stand at a urinal . goodspeed burst in and lunge for another urinal . he vomit . gags. spit . s.e.a.l. dando Nice to meet you too . sanchez enter . sanchez you look like shit . goodspeed lean back against the wall . goodspeed thank you . sanchez you be not wimp out on we , goodspeed . goodspeed I join the f.b.i . I ask for fieldwork . they say , " Bill , you be too fuck smart for field work . " every year I put in for a transfer and every year I sit in that goddamn lab like the fuck maytag repairman in the commercial . then the call finally come , and it 's a whole fuckin , city at stake ? oh Jesus ... sanchez Chemical weapon be not a cakewalk , goodspeed . goodspeed splashes cold water on he face . goodspeed I have get some bad news and some really bad news sir . maybe the bad news be not bad , maybe actually it 's good .... sanchez spit it out . goodspeed my girlfriend 's pregnant . sanchez ( pause ) what 's the really bad news . int . pier 39 - outside the bathroom - day sanchez ( v.0 . ) goodspeed , goddamn it ... the door burst open . sanchez , vein bulg , exit , follow by goodspeed . sanchez agent cord , get over to the Pan Pacific Hotel and bring goodspeed 's girlfriend to this facility please !! and CUT to : ext . alcatraz - lower lighthouse - sunset cpt . darrow and frye look out . the window at the Marine 's Command Center in the infirmary . captain darrow ( mumble ) seventeen hour leave . what the fuck be he do ? how much time do it take to transfer money from one account ... captain frye just a matter of time , buddy . the pentagonlll cave and we will be headin , south of the border a million dollar richer . int . alcatraz - infirmary command CENTER - sunset hummel sit at hisdesk . the phone ring . hummel ( v.o. ) hummel . security advisor louis lindstrom hello Frank , Lou lindstrom . I be in the oval office with General Kramer . intercut - alcatraz infirmary / white house oval office general kramer we be have some problem with the account transfer , Frank . hummel do not tell I you problem , tell I you solution . general kramer we have speak to the President . he 's not too happy about this . Chief of staff hayden sinclair enter . hummel well he would better give I a goddamn assurance ... hayden sinclair the only thing the President will give you be a fair trial after you be catch , General . hummel that you , sinclair ? what exactly do you do at the White House ? answer the presidential phone ? wash the presidential limousine ? be you he golf caddy , sinclair ? hayden sinclair now you give I some coddamn respect , General .... hummel you want respect , you child , you coffee server ? let 's talk about Dave ridgeway . general kramer who 's Dave ridgeway , Frank ? hummel a twenty - two year old marine torture to death by a communist death squad in the El salvadoran jungle . his mother and young wife be tell by the Pentagon that he go a.w.o.l. let 's talk about the respect he get . louis lindstrom this be go nowhere Frank .... hummel then let I tell you what be : the most lethal poison gas know to man into San franciscol business district . you have twelve hour to deliver the money or be prepare to reap the whirlwind , gentleman . click . National Security advisor lindstrom stare at the phone . shake he head . louis lindstrom what 's the word from mojave ? general kramer General Petersen can give we no definite assurance on the willy Peter capability . the man stare grimly at each other . louis lindstrom greenlight the s.e.a.l. incursion . General Kramer pick up the phone and CUT to : ext . naval airstrip ( incursion staging area ) - dusk - the incursion staging area ( a base in the s.f. vicinity ) goodspeed and mason , in black dry suit , join commander anderson and nine other s.e.a.l.s . four s.e.a.l.s will be identify : boyer , reigert , dando , and shepherd . commander anderson listen up , man . Mr. mason here will run point for we . Lieutenant shepherd will be attach to you hip , mason . you breath , he breathes with you . understand ? lieutenant shepherd , young , laconic , nod at mason . commander anderson Shep , what 's the status on the special operational gear for mason . s.e.a.l. shepherd ( hand over item ) one aluminum fork and one quart of motor oil in a squeeze tube . goodspeed motor oil ? mason for cottonmouth . goodspeed and the s.e.a.l.s exchange look . commander anderson goodspeed here 's we specialist . we will cover he while he neutralize the ' chemical threat . if he do he job we will launch flare and hold we position ' till the cavalry come . make no mistake about it , gentleman , we be go in against a entrench force lead by one hot-shit field commander . we be in the fight of we life , I bullshit you not . any question ? let 's move out . the move across the staging area to -- a ch-53 sea stallion and two huey cobra attack gunship , they blade whipping with ferocity . s.e.a.l. shepherd stand in the Sea stallion 's door . the s.e.a.l.s board past he . last be mason and goodspeed . mason after you , ' lace . " goodspeed give mason a look and climb in . then mason . then shepherd , who slam the door shut . the ground crew wave red light sabre : " all clear . " the huey and the Sea stallion lift off . int . sea stallion - night goodspeed and mason sit with the s.e.a.l.s. grim , determine face . not a word speak . commander anderson activate mini-cam . Anderson , boyer and the other s.e.a.l.s flip on tiny videocameras mount on they shoulder . a naval medic pass out syringe of atropine in ankle shfathes . naval medic atropine . any contact with the gas , use it . each s.e.a.l. take one ; begin strapping it to ankle . goodspeed shake he head , decline . goodspeed uhn uhn . I hate needle . int . pier 39 - mobile communications trailer - night at the control panel - f.b.i. technician talk into headsets and watch a bank of monitor display : satellite picture , thermographic image of alcatraz , a computer bio of hummel . sanchez sit at the control panel wear a headset . director womack pace behind he . sanchez mini-cam operational . outside in the warehouse a f.b.i. sedan pull in and park . f.b.i. agent cord get out . carla sit in the back seat . carla would you please tell I what be go on ? agent cord can not do that , malam . sorry . ext . skie over san francisco BAY - night the huey and Sea stallion fly in formation at camera . the Sea stallion 's run light suddenly blink off . int . sf.a stallion - night the two sea stallion pilot don night vision goggle . in the hold - the s.e.a.l.s begin to prepare themselves ; check they weapon combat wet-suit , and close circuit rebreather scuba tank . the s.e.a.l.s begin to don they scuba apparatus . commander anderson you know what you be do ? mason yes . Little fancier than I be use to . mason examine the equipment . it 's more modern , but not foreign to he . he adjust he depth and oxygen gauge . goodspeed , have a hard time , watch mason . ext . skie over san francisco BAY - night the huey , 50 fot from the water 's surface , scream past camera and bear down on alcatraz . the sea stallion , lag behind the huey , bank right and peel away . it descend lower , below radar . int . pier 39 command CENTER - night the f.b.i. radar technician watch the radar screen . .. glow blip move toward alcatraz . one blip vanish . f.b.i. radar technician they be off radar , headin ' ' round treasure Island . ext . skie over treasure island - night the Sea stallion round treasure Island and head toward the rear of alcatraz Island . int . sea stallion - night the sea stallion pilot turn to anderson . sea stallion pilot I get you to the strongest current in the Bay , Commander . you be on you own from here . commander anderson prepare to deplore ! CUT to : a series of shot . the s.e.a.l.s stand . each check the gear of the man in front of he . strap tightened . weapon check . - in the rear of the hold -- four s.e.a.l.s ready two high - tech 139b 3 - man submersible call ' is.d.u.sll ( seal Delivery unit ) , also know as " seal sub . " mason be ready to go , calm and steady , eye forward . goodspeed be still behind . he have he scuba tank shoulder , but he can not get the lst of the tricky catch on the shoulder harness secure ... mason reach over and secure , with a metallic dlink , the catch . goodspeed , embarrassed , nod . at the back of the hold 139f shepherd , with a nod , direct mason to sit down on the s.d.u. behind s.e.a.l. boyer , the s.d.u.l driver . mason do so . chaney then sit behind mason . s.e.a.l. dando then begin buckle shepherd and mason onto the sled with harness ( the unit 's version of a seat -belt . ) ext . san francisco BAY ( off alcatraz ) - night the Sea stallion hover 15 fot from the surface . the belly door open . commander anderson lean out , inspect the drop area . he hand -signal to -- -- s.e.a.l. dando , read the two s.d.u.s. goodspeed sit on the second s.d.u. behind s.e.a.l. reigert . s.e.a.l. dando begin buckle in goodspeed . goodspeed wait a minute . ( dando stop buckle ) what if this thing crash ... dando look at reigert . they laugh . this remark they obviously find very funny . dando continue buckle goodspeed in . mason smile goodspeed . live a little . life be short ... especially yours . and the s.d.u.l be release , roll out of the Sea stallion on a set of track , splashing down into -- ext . underwater - night -- the bay here . the s.d.u.s ' xenon headlamps come on . ext . the sea stallion - doorway - night the rest of the s.e.a.l.s , carry equipment and single man mini-S.D.U. unit , jump from the Sea stallion one by one . ext . underwater - night the three - man and single s.d.u.s head toward alcatraz , pass above camera . ext . alcatraz - lower lighthouse - night the searchlight atop the lower lighthouse scan the bay , back and forth . it fix on something . int . alcatraz - lower lighthouse - night hummel and baxter watch from the window . Captain fryel voice emanate from the walkie-talkie . captain frye ( v.o. ) something on radar , sir . two huey in standard formation , due east and approach . hummel raise binocular . scan the bay . hummel be Pov - through binoculars - the huey and sea stallion , fly low , scream toward the island . back to scene - hummel lower the binocular , click on he walkie-talkie . baxter decoy ? hummel royce , scarpetti , gamble , starl : get to the west end of the island on the double . think we have visitor . ext . alcatraz - water tower - alley - night pvt. royce click off he walkie-talkie . royce you hear the man , let 's move it . pvt . royce , scarpetti , gamble and . starl race off . ext . underwater - night the s.e.a.l.s , pull by they s.d.u.s , whoosh past camera . the s.d.u.s light dim the fluorescent GREEN . close -up on boyer , the three - man s.d.u.l driver , intense , determine . close - up on boyer 's fluorescent green instrument panel chart they approach to the island . they have draw close to the island . ' commander anders6n swing a underwater spotlight , which reveal -- a large water intake pipe jutting out from the Island 's bedrock , 7 fot in diameter , cover by a grate thick with rust , barnacle and seaweed . there 's a SMALL jagged hole , presumably through which mason escape 33 year earlier . ext . underwater - power p . intake pipe - night the s.e.a.l.s cast off the s.d.u.s and direct they GREEN fluorescent spotlight inside the hole in the grate . mason stare at the hole . commander anderson nod to mason : " lead the way . " mason do so . enter the pipe . one by one , the s.e.a.l.s and goodspeed follow mason in . ext . alcatraz - shoreline near power plant - night pvt . royce , scarpetti , gamble and starl walk the shoreline , peer into the black water . royce look all clear , sir . int . alcatraz - infirmary command CENTER - night baxter turn to hummel : baxter nothing . hummel tell them to stay out there . int . alcatraz - subterranean power plant - night a large subterranean room under the island 's . power plant . large wooden cistern in the middle . the s.e.a.l.s emerge in the cistern and climb out . the room . have one exit , seal with a heavy iron door . commander anderson thank - you very fuck much , Mr. mason , you have lead we to a room with no exit . s.e.a.l. boyer skipper , blow it or burn it ? commander anderson no time for the torch . explosive will bring the fuck world down on we . ( turn to mason ) a idea , please , we be tight on time . mason wait for I to unlock the door . commander anderson you do not look like Jesus Christ , Mr. mason , so I be have a hard time how you be go to accomplish that . mason ( point ) under there . underneath the steam engine be a tiny crawl space . 10 steam release valve periodically emit burst of steam . commander anderson you be shitting I . you catch one of that steam burst and you be a corpse . mason true. ( unshoulder he equipment ) I memorize they timing . mason sit on the edge of the crawl space . f.b.i. look inside the crawl space : white hot burst of 500 degree Fahrenheit steam blast down . s.e.a.l. shepherd uhh sir , you say never leave he side ... commander anderson you be not require to follow , Lieutenant shepherd . this man be go to die . mason ( grumble to himself ) that 's be say to I before .... mason take a deep breath and he roll -- into the crawl space - mason logroll one revolution ... steam burst another evolution steam burst another revolution steam burst mason roll to a stop on he side . steam burst on either side of he . mason collect himself . breathes deeply and roll again . his movement be precise , from memory . he roll past . each burst , any imprecision certain death ... in the cistern room - goodspeed , anderson and the s.e.a.l.s watch mason , amaze . s.e.a.l. reigert who the fuck be this guy ? houdini ? in the crawl space - mason roll past the steam releme valve and disappear . in the cistern room - several second pass . we hear the door be unbolt . it creak open . there stand mason . mason welcome to the rock . the incursion team file through the door and CUT to : int . tunnel under alcatraz - night here , the tunnel move up a steep incline to a locked steel bulkhead . s.e.a.l.s reigert and dando check it out . s.e.a.l. dando she 's at least three inch thick sir . commander anderson shit. burn it . dando unpack a acetylene torch . reigert turn on the acetylene valve ( tank rig to dandol gear ) and spark the torch . it flame up , white hot . dando start toward the bulkhead . mason step past he , bend he kitchen fork into a awkward shape . he fish the fork in the lock ; twist it , and ...... pop . mason throw open the thick bulkhead door . and climb through the bulkhead . mason ( mutter ) guy be worthless . commander anderson who be this guy ... ? int . drainage pipe ltnder MAIN cell house - night the team arrive at a series of concrete drainage pipe . mason point up to one of they . commander anderson the shower room ? ( mason nod yes ) after you . mason and the s.e.a.l.s climb into the drainage pipe . int . drainage pipe under shower room - night the s.e.a.l. team , mason lead the way , climb toward a faint light emanate from a drainage grate above . s.e.a.l. reigert ready a fibre optic seeing device ; he push the fibre-optic camera up through the grate . int . alcatraz - prison shower room - night the fiber -optic camera turn , look in a 360 degree radius , and transmit image of -- the prison shower - a tile room with shower head and a 20 160a fot ceiling . above , a mezzanine circle the shower ; here alcatraz 's guard once watch inmate below .. int . drainage pipe under shower room - night Commander Anderson view the shower room image on a tiny ( 2 inch by 2 inch ) wrist -held video monitor . the shower be desert , but there 's something of interest ~- a motion detector ( a blue beam flashed from a transmitter to 161a a receptor ) across the grate . commander anderson motion sensor . Anderson gingerly lift the grate . reigert wiggle he hand past the edge of the grate and nudge the beam transmitter ( with one hand ) and the beam receiver ( with the other ) away from the grate . int . infirmary command CENTER - night a silent alarm next to pvt. royce blink on . royce turn to maj. baxter . royce sir. anti-disturbance temblar trip in the shower . we get visitor . int . MAIN cell house - shower room the grate pop open . s.e.a.il .s boyer and reigert , wear nioht vision glass , emerge take defensive position back - to-back . Commander Anderson follow . then , one by one , the rest of the s.e.a.l.s emerge . commander anderson ( to Lt. shepherd in the drainage pipe ) stand fast . we will secure the area . anderson direct boyer and reigert to a tile column . they creep across the tile floor , take " check and defefid " position behind the shower 's tile column . but suddenly , shockingly ..... floodlights flash on . come from the mezzanine above . the s.e.a.l.s whip off they night vision goggle . 165 int . pier 3 - 9 - mobile command trailer - night on the video monitor - we see the illumination of the shower room ( transmit from the s.e.a.l.s camera . ) sanchez what 's that ... what the hell be that ? int . alcatraz - drainage pipe under shower room - night goodspeed , mason , and Lt. shepherd react to the sudden illumination above . goodspeed ( whisper : ) what 's go on ? s.e.a.l. shepherd ( whisper ) do not know . int . shower room - night the s.e.a.l.s whirl around , startle , unnerve , squinting into the blind whiteness of the floodlight . hummel ( v.o. ) Drop you weapon . the s.e.a.l.s , terrify , hesitate but do not drop they weapon they stand back - to- back , weapon train at the catwalk . squinting into the white light . the s.e.a.l.s behind the tile column take cover . we can not yet see hummel and the marine . this play with as much tension as possible . the situation be chill : commander anderson Anderson here , General hummel . Commander . team leader . hummel ( v.o. ) Commander Anderson , if you have any concern for the life of you man , you will order they to safety they weapon and place they on the deck at they foot - int . pier 39 command CENTER - night on the video monitor - we see the floodlight above on the mezzanine and hear hummell voice : sanchez oh Christ this be not happen . int . alcatraz - shower room mezzanine - night hummel look down at the s.e.a.l.s. baxter 's text to he . the other marine be at position around the mezzanine perimeter , m - 16 's train and ready . commander anderson Sir , we know why you be out here . God know I agree with you sir , but like you sir , I swore to defend this country against all enemy . foreign , sir , and domestic . ( shout now ) General , we have spill the same blood in the same mud . you know goddamn well that I can not give that order ... behind a column - s.e.a.l.s reigert and boyer stare into the floodlight . hummel you unit be cover from a elevate position , Commander . I be not go to ask again . on the mezzanine cpts . frye , darrow and pvt . cox , mccoy , have they weapon train ; they be pump and trigger happy . hummel do not do anything stupid , Commander . no one have to die here . commander anderson you man follow the General : you be United States Marines and under oath you forget that ? we all have shipmate we remember - some of them be shit on and spit on by the Pentagon - that do not give you the right to mutiny . hummel that 's a nice speech , Commander . I hear plenty like it in the Pentagon and on Capitol Hill . they all add up to zero . pretty word be not gonna get you out of this , Commander . now abort this mission . goddamn it , abort . behind the column - s.e.a.l. boyer , just 20 , have never see combat , be tremble with fear , indecision . s.e.a.l. boyer it 's we or they , reigert , fuck they be gonna waste we ... s.e.a.l. reigert get a grip on yourself .... on the mezzanine - pvt . coxis boot nudge a tile which have come loose from its mortar . the tile inch to the edge of the mezzanine . then it fall ...... boyer , reacting to the falling tile , bring up he machine gun and fire a sustained burst in its direction -- and all hell break loose . the marine fire in unison . a cruel wither fusillade . --- the s.e.a.l.s in the middle of the floor take the brunt of it . they gamely return fire . but they be hit . again . again . again . in the drainage hole - goodspeed , mason , and Lt. shepherd listen ( and watch , when the view allow ) in utter horror to the firefight above . Lt. shepherd scramble up the ladder . goodspeed grab he . tries to pull he down . goodspeed Don ' t do it . s.e.a.l. shepherd let go of I . Lt. shepherd climb the ladder . in the shower room - anderson take a bullet in he leg . his automatic blaze , he take a bullet in the forearm . the chest . the shoulder . -- three marine on the mezzanine be hit and kill . -- lo. shepherd climb out of the drainage pipe and come up fire . he instantly take a bullet through the visor , kill he instantly . shepherd fall to he knee and pitch over , fall face first into -- the drainage hole , where shepherd be lifeless eye come face - to- face with goodspeed , who nearly pass out , then look away in horror . s.e.a.l.s behind the column return fire . they be hit , pick off.one by one . -- marine cox and mccoy fire a 50 cal . gun ( as powerful as anti-aircraft or anti-tank round ) through the column , kill reigert and boyer . hummel hold you FIRE hold you FIRE .... int . drainage pipe under shower room - night suddenly the-fire stop . goodspeed and mason freeze . think fast , mason rip the tac radio from shepherd 's helmet , take he 9 mm pistol and machine gun , and he saw - toothed knife and sheath , and climb down . goodspeed , indecisive at first , clamber down after mason . int . pier 39 - mobile command trailer - night on the video monitor - a image transmit from Anderson 's helmet camera . Anderson have fall , so this be at ground level . we see corpse and near corpse . sanchez it 's over . f.b.i. technician we have still get movement . number eleven and twelve . that 's goodspeed and .... mason . f.b.i. director womack if mason 's still alive , it 's not over . int . alcatraz - tunnel under shower room - night mason and goodspeed exit the drainage pipe . goodspeed be panting , nearly hysterical . goodspeed we be never gettin off this island . int . pier 39 - warehouse - night carla peer through a crowd of f.b.i. tech huddle around video and audio monitor . she freeze , she hand cover to she mouth at the sound of : goodspeed ( over tac radio ) .... god Jesus we be gonna die sanchez , agitate , exit the Command trailer with director womack . they huddle , speak in hushed voice . sanchez you tell I I be on a " need to know " basis . well goddamn it , I need to know . who the fuck be John mason . start talk , director , or I swear I will go to the press . a tense pause . then womack sigh , and he voice travel back three decade ... f.b.i. director womack 1962 . J. Edgar Hoover be head of the f.b.i. , some say the country . it 's no secret the esteem Mr. Hoover keep microfilm file on prominent Americans and european . de gaulle , british member of parliament , even the Prime Minister . the man have dirt on everyone in the world , a174 int . alcatraz - tunnel under the shower - night goodspeed , slump in a corner , watch mason arm himself . he be a different person . alive . now in he element . pop the clip on shepherd 's g mile gun . inspect it . unsheathes the saw-tooth knife . sheathes it . 174 intercut - pier 39 command CENTER / alcatraz tunnel f.b.i. director womack the british send over they best operative , John mason , to steal it . mason grab shepherd 's machine gun , pop the clip . f.b.i. director womack we agent catch mason at the canadian border but with no microfilm . it 's never be find . so Hoover hold he without trial . the british claim they do not know he . sanchez what about the daughter ? why do not Hoover use she as leverage ? f.b.i. director womack he die in 1972 . she be not bear yet today it 's a different Bureau and no one want to touch this . sanchez my god , you be not say ... mason slide the clip back in the machine gun . test the action . obviously comfortable with firearm ... f.b.i. director womack John mason have be incarcerate without trial on american soil since 1962 . he know we most intimate secret of the last half century . the alien landing at roswell , the truth about the j.f.k. assassination . int . alcatraz - tunnel below shower room - night f.b.i. director womack ( o.s. ) John mason be a s.a.s. train killer , one of MI - 6's best operative ever - John mason be one of the most dangerous man on earth . mason , armed and dangerous for the first time in 33 long year , face goodspeed . bring he machine gun up . goodspeed raise he - 9 mile pistol in self - defense . goodspeed do not shoot I . mason be actually slinging it over he shoulder ... mason for christ 's sake . mason trudge down the tu=el . goodspeed follow he . goodspeed wait . where be you go ? mason off this island . you mind ? goodspeed yes I mind . I mind very much . from the tac radio in mason 's hand : sanchez ( o.s. ) ( over tac radio ) goodspeed , goodspeed , come in . mason you have get a phone call . mason throw the tac radio at goodspeed 's foot and trudge off . goodspeed grab the tac radio . goodspeed it 's I sir . sanchez ( o.s. ) what be happen ? where 's mason ? goodspeed he say he 's leave the island sir . sanchez do not let he do that . goodspeed he 's get a gun , sir . sanchez what do you have , a fucking water pistol ? get he back ! goodspeed hurry off after mason . int . alcatraz - shower room - night Commander Anderson and the s.e.a.l.s lie dead , they blood run over the tile into the drainage grate . hummel , baxter walk amongst the corpse . hummel I never want this . Jesus christ . baxter we know it might happen , Frank . captain darrow maybe now they will pay up . captain hendrix maybe now they will not . captain darrow then maybe we will execute a few hostage . one s.e.a.l. dando , be still alive . he 's gurgle blood . stare up at hummel . s.e.a.l. dando you will go to hell for this General . captain darrow ( to pvt. royce ) put a bullet in he . pvt. royce , appal , can not bring himself to do it . captain frye you hear he . end it . cpt. darrow pull he sidearm and level it . hummel captain , holster that sidearm . captain darrow ( lower sidearm ) yes sir . royce kneel . feel dandol carotid artery . royce he 's dead anyway sir . hummel lean down . stare into dando 's video feed . int . pier 39 - night womack and sanchez stare at hummel on the monitor . hummel ( v.o. ) ( over monitor ) you have a make a terrible mistake and more of we brother have die in vain . let 's not repeat this . the transmission go dead . int . alcatraz - shower room - night suddenly , sgt . drainage pipe , crisp bent over shepherd corpse in . the shout to hummel : sgt . crisp General ! this man 's weapon and tac radio be miss ! hummel rodent problem , people . let 's flush the pipe . pvt . Cox and mccoy go to the drainage pipe . ext . alcatraz - MAIN cell house - night hummel and he man exit the Main cell House and fan out in team across the island . sgts . crisp and cpt . hendrix move toward the power plant ( above the tunnel travel by mason and goodspeed . ) int . tunnel under alcatraz - night goodspeed 's still trail after mason . goodspeed would you stop . just stop . ( mason stop ) I do not know whatyou do or why you be send to jail , but there be a million people across that bay who might die ... ( mason continue ) fuck this . stop. freeze . mason turn . goodspeed have he g gun train on he . he 's not the most convincing gun handler . ext . alcatraz - in front of power plant - night sgt. crisp and capt . hendrix , walk toward the power plant , hear something . beneath they , through a ventilation grate . voice . captain hendrix ( whisper in tac mike ) rodent locate . hendrix and crisp begin prepare a satchel explosive . int . tunnel under alcatraz - night mason and goodspeed as before . mason advance . goodspeed f.b.i . stop right there . I really mean it . mason ( stop ) if you really mean it , take the safety off . goodspeed fiddle with the safety catch . with a swipe , mason snatch the gun . they glare at each other . sanchez ( v.o. ) ( over tac radio ) goodspeed . goodspeed , come in . have you resolve this ? goodspeed now he have all the gun , sir . . ( click off the tac radio ) you have get to help I . what do you want I to do , beg ? mason save you breath and you dignity , if you have any . I be leave . I be get my daughter and get the hell out of here . mason walk off . suddenly stop . the satchel explosive have fall at he foot . mason turn , look at goodspeed . and they sprint back , the way they come . in the tunnel behind they - a monstrous explosion blow in the tunnel and knock mason and goodspeed to they foot . int . alcatraz - shower room - night pvt . cox and mccoy attach a bundle of C - 4 to a tank of gasoline and toss it down the drainage pipe . int . tunnel under alcatraz the gas bomb detonate , blowin a wall of flame through the tunnel . the fire be look for a escape , hunt and burn everything in its path . down the tunnel - mason and goodspeed see the wall of flame roaring toward they . mason grab goodspeed . mason hold you breath . they dive into a pool of stagnant water , submerse as the wall of flame blow through the tunnel over they head . mason , then goodspeed , drag himself out of the water . mason come on . and keep you mouth shut . mason hurry off , goodspeed on he tail . ext . alcatraz - subterranean civil war ruins - night the tunnel lead here , to the Civil war era dungeon . the tunnel 's brick up ; brick and mortar circa 1855 . civil war ruins - night goodspeed now what ? mason move to the brick - up wall . feel around the mortar . smile . remove a brick . another . another . a whole clump of brick fall , revealing a hole . mason come out right through there . ( squeeze through the hole ; mutter ) ' course I have gain a few since ... goodspeed follow mason through the hole . int . civil war dungeon - other side of the wall - night mason and goodspeed emerge to a ledge which face a pool of dank stagnant water . it 's about 3 fot deep . mason across that , then 50 yard to the morgue . ( off goodspeed 's blank stare ) you say that 's where the fuck poison be , goodspeed . goodspeed I do not get it . you be go to help I ? mason no. I be go to give you dance lesson . what the fuck do you think ? goodspeed you do not have to get all bent out of shape . mason what 's bent out of shape , idiot , be the tunnel I be go through to freedom five minute ago . goodspeed all right , all right . do not call I idiot , okay ? mason what do I do to deserve this ? what God do I offend ..... goodspeed begin to wade into the pool . mason stop. ( goodspeed stop ) there . and there . goodspeed squint . the water slither with cottonmouth . mason unpack the quart of motor oil in spray bottle . mason cottonmouth snake . they breath through they skin . oil clog it . they hate the stuff . mason spray the motor oil across the pool . the snake scatter . the pool 's now coat with a oil slick . mason wade in . goodspeed follow . the cottonmouth , repulse by the oil , stay away . goodspeed try not to look at the snake . they make it across . goodspeed something 's a little off here : I be the f.b.i . agent , you be the convict , and you have all the gun . mason slap the .9 mm pistol into goodspeed 's hand walk off . goodspeed follow . int . alcatraz - tunnel under prison morgue - night mason and goodspeed arrive at a fork in the tunnel . _ down the fork in the tunnel - be the prison mono - rail system : a single rail suspend from the tunnel ceiling , upon which SMALL cart be suspend . goodspeed the morgue ? mason nod . move to a steel -runged ladder lead to a garbage chute against the wall . goodspeed follow . int . room adjacent to morgue - night mason and goodspeed emerge from the garbage chute . they hear voice in the next room . int . morgue - night pvt . gamble and starling be guard the poison . starl 's walk around . gamble 's seat on a morticianis table , smoking . the door burst open . mason stand in the doorway . gamble dive away . starling whirl , raise he m - 16 . mason's hand flash . the saw - toothed knife fly the length of the room and bury in starl 's neck . mason never hesitate . gamble fire from he position around the corner . mason and goodspeed dive for cover behind a cabinet . goodspeed fire from cover without look , he gun raise over the cabinet . mason , underneath the cabinet , fire at gamble' foot . gamble , shot , hit the deck . gamble unclip a grenade . before he can pull the pin .... mason fire he clip empty at the AIR conditioner mount on the ceiling above gamble . the mount give ; the enormous AIR conditioner fall , crush gamble . gamble 's grenade , still secure with the pin , roll away . goodspeed rise . look at gamble under the air conditioner . just he legs stick out . ( note : the rest of the scene 's action play out around gamble 's leg . goodspeed you do not learn that in prison . mason no , and I use to be a lot quick . goodspeed I have get some question for you but they can wait . goodspeed open the corpse drawer revealing the v.x -. chem round ( shape like big tennis ball can ) . goodspeed carefully lift out a chem round . mason grab one , accidentally knock it against the drawer . goodspeed careful . the second you do not respect this , it kill you . goodspeed and mason set the v.x. chem round on the mortician 's table . goodspeed pull out he equipment kit . begins detach the top of the chem round . goodspeed reach inside a chem round and carefully pull out ..... a strand of v.x. poison pearl : ping-pong ball size glass bubbles fill with poison . goodspeed I need a hand here . ( mason look anxiously at the poison pearl . ) mason . now . goodspeed hand the poison pearl strand to mason . mason hold it like a string of wind chime . mason what ... exactly do this do to you ? goodspeed any epidermal exposure or inhalation and you will know : a twinge at the small of you back as the poison seize the nervous system . ( hand over another poison pearl strand ) then loss of muscular function . then you spit you gut out , it look like a tub of spaghettil spill on the floor , then you skin turn black ... mason stare uneasily at the pearl strand . mason sound like my first marriage . goodspeed have the chem round 's guidance system expose . Inside be tiny guidance system micro -chip . goodspeed pluck the chip from each chem round and pocket it . goodspeed ( into tac radio ) pier 39 come in . sanchez ( v.o. ) ( tac radio ) goodspeed ? where the hell have you be . talk to I . goodspeed we be in the morgue . I be remove the rocket 's guidance system chip . ( to mason ) without they the rocketslll fly about 500 foot and splash down like a wounded duck . goodspeed move on to the third and fourth chem round . suddenly there 's a beep . goodspeed and mason whirl . pvt. gamble 's walkie talkie be talk to they : hummel ( o.s. ) gamble , starl . come in . mason and goodspeed exchange a nervous look . hummel ( o.s. ) private gamble and starl , come in . ext . alcatraz - infirmary command CENTER - night hummel click off he walkie-talkie . stands there a second , think . hummel the morgue . hummel and baxter exit quickly . int . alcatraz - morgue - night goodspeed go faster ; he hand be sweat , tremble . it 's like he 's lose he spine . ( and think about carla , perhaps he have . ) mason c'mon c'mon .... faster .... goodspeed nearly drop a chem round . mason recoil . mason I think you be cool under pressure . goodspeed shut up ; you be make I nervous . ext . alcatraz - between cell house and morgue - night hummel and he man race toward the morgue . int . alcatraz - morgue - night goodspeed have deal with eight chem round . there should be seven more , but there 's not . goodspeed count they .... mason they will be on we in twenty second . goodspeed wait a minute . fuck . hummel steal fifteen chem round . there 's only twelve here . here. quickly . do this last four . mason raise the poison pearl strand from each of the remain four chem round . goodspeed quickly pluck the chip from the guidance system . ext . alcatraz - morgue - night hummel and the marine converge on the morgue . surround the door . they burst inside , gun train . int . alcatraz - morgue - night cox , mccoy , and darrow fire machine gun burst at -- -- mason and goodspeed sprinting across floor , bullet chew the floor . they dive into the morgue incinerator chute , goodspeed leave the tac radio behind .... int . tunnel under morgue - night goodspeed and mason tumble out of the chute . two mono-rail cart be hang there . they exchange a look and climb into the first cart . mason throw the cart 's release lever . the cart glide down the mono-rail . int . alcatraz - morgue - night hummel go to the mortician 's table . see the theft of the guidance chip . hummel hendrix ! take royce and scarpetti ! captain hendrix and pvt . royce and scarpetti dive into the incinerator chute after mason and goodspeed . baxter gamble and starl be dead . CUT to : int . tunnel under morgue - mono - rail track - night hendrix , scarpetti , and royce tumble from the incinerator chute . mason and goodspeed be down the mono-rail track . hendrix get in the second mono -rail cart . scarpetti get in the third mono -rail cart . hendrix and scarpetti pull the release lever . the mono-rail cart rumble after goodspeed and mason . hendrix shout back to royce : captain hendrix follow on foot ! int . alcatraz - mono - rail tunnel - night the three cart fly down the mono-rail : goodspeed and mason ( in cart 1 ) 50 foot ahead of scarpetti ( in cart 2 ) , who be 50 foot ahead of hendrix ( in cart 3 ) in cart 2 and 3 - scarpetti and hendrix fire m - 16 . in cart 1 - mason and goodspeed duck as bullet ricochet around the tunnel wall . they pop up and return fire . in cart 2 - scarpetti arm hi over / under m - 16 grenade launcher with a grenade and ... fire . the grenade projectile shoot down the monorail tunnel . in cart 1 - mason and goodspeed duck as the grenade projectile wing over they head , continue down the tunnel and detonate against the tunnel wall . cart 1 roar through smoke and debris leave by grenade explosion . as it round a corner , mason grab a splintered timber and release from the cart . cart 1 , with goodspeed alone continue down the mono-rail . mason yank down a 5 ft . long broken section of sewage pipe and press himself against the tunnel wall . as cart 2 round the corner ... wham !! mason swing , hit scarpetti flush in the forehead , kill he and blow he off the cart . cart 2 , without scarpetti , continue down the mono-rail . mason wait . as cart 3 round the corner mason swing again but hendrix be wait for it . hendrix grab the swinging pipe and pull mason into cart 3 ! in cart 3 - hendrix and mason fight scene mason 's sprawle on the floor of the cart . hendrix level he m - 16 . mason whipsaw the leg under hendrix , bowl he over , the m - 16 fall away from the cart . mason and hendrix get to they foot .. they trade blow after blow as the cart roar through the tunnel . in cart 1 ~ goodspeed look over he shoulder at mason and hendrix lock in mortal combat . he pull the cart brake . cart 1 begin slow down . cart 2 ( scarpettil ) ram into it . now cart 1 and 2 be together . and on come -- cart 3 - hendrix knock mason to the floor of the cart . hendrix dive atop mason , strangling he . mason 's head be bent over the front lip of the cart . mason look down the mono-rail track . to he horror he see cart 1 and 2 slow down ... in cart 1 - goodspeed realize that he cart be go to ram mason 's outstretch head . he release the brake , and cart 1 pick up speed ... in cart 3 - hendrix draw the knife . hendrix raise the knife . with he last strength , mason roll away . hendrix plunge the knife down , miss mason , he momentum carry he head and shoulder over the front lip of the cart . mason scream at goodspeed . mason brake ! ! ! in cart 1 - goodspeed pull the cart brake and -- -- cart 3 slam into cart 1 and 2 at 20 m.p.h. , crush hendrixls head and torso between cart 2 and 3 . the collision knock mason off cart 3 , slamming he head against the tunnel wall . mason fall unconscious.to the tunnel floor , while -- -- cart 1 be shove by the collision across . a ditch of water in the tunnel floor . goodspeed groggily get to he foot . jump down from the cart . goodspeed mason ! in the midst of this pvt . royce run up . see mason concuss , helpless . royce draw he glinting knife . kneel over mason . he 's go to cut he throat . goodspeed wait . royce lower the knife . look across the ditch at goodspeed . the ditch be 20 ft . wide and fill with dank , stagnant water and we have see dank , stagnant water before . goodspeed pretty easy kill a unconscious man . how about try I ? punk. ( beat ) what be you wait for ? limp dick . royce I be go to fuck you up something fierce . you roll the wrong number , shithead . you crap out . and royce begin to wade into the ditch . and goodspeed be look at the water , wait ... royce be waist deep now . royce feel something . he wince . look down at -- five cottonmouth snake , fang wide and white , plunging into he . royce scream . his knee buckle . he fall to he knee in the water . a cottonmouth stick to he neck ... royce shriek again ... and slide gently under the water . goodspeed I roll snake -eye . shithead . goodspeed , hand over hand on the monorail , ease the cart across the stagnant ditch . hop out . mason get to he foot . the two exchange a look . mason limp dick ? goodspeed it 's all I could think of . they stumble off down the mono-rail tunnel . mason I think I have get arthritis . int . white house - night General Kramer , c.i.a. director amway , chief of staff hayden sinclair and Security advisor Louis lindstrom . hayden sinclair the President arrive in three hour . his directive be to string hummel along until the airstrike be operational . louis lindstrom what 's the word from mojave , General ? general kramer ( grim ) they be go as fast as they can . a corrugate aluminum hangar . super : mojave Desert United States Air Force test facility int . u.s.a.f. testing facility warehouse - night look like a formula one garage . rock music blare . eight guide missile ( finn , 8 foot long ) hand from hoist in various state of repair . u.s.a.f. technician hover over the missile . in a corner - jimky fisk and larry giler consult . lo. fisk we be fuck , cap and . cpt . giler be we fuck with a pencil or be we fuck with a baseball bat . lo. fisk we be fuck with a telephone pole . ( turn to the missile ) we can arm they with willy Peter , no problem , but negatory pn smart bomb capability . cpt . giler what be you say ? lo. fisk the pilot be gonna have to drop they manually . we be talkin , retro , baby . we be talkin' World War ii . int . alcatraz - behind " china alley " - night mason and goodspeed emerge from the mono-rail tunnel . the launcher on China alley be in the b.g. suddenly , from the loudspeaker above they : hummel ( v.o. ) ( loudspeaker ) attention navy seal , attention . mason and goodspeed freeze . goodspeed he think we be seal . hummel ( V. 0 . ) ( loudspeaker ) congratulation . you have take some thing of mine . I can not convince you to return they so I will put on someone who can . a pause . then a male voice . nervous . quivering . male voice ( v.o. ) ( loudspeaker ) Hell ... hello . ext . alcatraz - prison exercise yard - night larry henderson , 48 , stand at the end of the exercise yard in a spotlit area . capt. darrow have he .45 place against Larry 's leave temple . hummel tell they you name and age . larry henderson my n... name be l... larry Henderson . I be forty -eight . hummel good Mr. Henderson , continue ... larry henderson I do not know who you be , but p please , there 's a gun ext . alcatraz - behind china alley - night mason and goodspeed , crestfallen , listen . larry henderson ( v.o. ) ( loudspeaker ) ... and they be go to oh god ... ( through tear ) ... please do not kill I Larry 's quivering voice trail off . replaced by : hummel ( v.o. ) ( loudspeaker ) convince ? Mr. Henderson hope so . you have two minute . goodspeed turn to mason . goodspeed I will go . mason wrong . goodspeed what , vou ? mason I be not the chemical weapon expert . goodspeed good point . okay here , take them . goodspeed unpocket the v.x. rocket' guidance chip . hand they to mason . mason heave they into the bush . goodspeed what be you do ? mason now they only have three rocket leave . goodspeed what about Mr. Henderson ? mason hummel 's a soldier , not a murderer . goodspeed wait . mason ( stop ; turn ) find the rocket . if they be guard , kill the man guard they . goodspeed I ... I do not know if I can do this . mason there 's only one way to find out . I will try to give you time . and goodspeed .... ( toss goodspeed he atropine syringe ) do not be a idiot . put that on . mason move off into the night . goodspeed well thank - you , thank - you very much . goodspeed creep toward the China alley rocket launcher . ext . china alley - night goodspeed move under the grate , multi-level structure of china alley . look up through the grate . the rocket launcher sit on the grate on the level above he . ext . MAIN cell block - night mason walk down the middle of the cell block toward the open to the exercise yard . ext . alcatraz - prison yard - one minute later - night darrow with he gun to Larry Henderson 's head . hummel pace in the background . mason emerge ftom the cell block . mason walk up to hummel . the two stand there a moment , regard each other . captain darrow gotta be kid I . they send a old man . mason give darrow a hard - eye glance . hummel take a lap around mason , size he up . hummel I think I would be in the service a long time . name and rank , sailor . mason John Paul mason. ( stare at hummel ) Royal navy . Commander . hummel you be a long way from England , Commander mason . mason I feel strangely at home . hummel how 's that ? mason you would not believe I if I tell you . hummel do you have some unique knowledge of this prison facility , Commander mason ? mason quite unique . hummel how 's that ? mason I be a guest here . glance all around . someone laugh . everyone laugh . ext . china alley rocket launch station - night pvt. cox man the launcher . suddenly a voice : goodspeed ( v.o. ) freeze . ( Cox freeze ) Drop the weapon and turn around . slowly . pvt . Cox drop he weapon . slowly turn . goodspeed , one hand on he gun , the other on he tool , begin to unscrew the v.x. chem round face -plate . on the grate level above goodspeed - pvt . mccoy appear . look down , he see goodspeed and Cox . he cinch he repelling clip to the steel railing . ext . alcatraz - prison yard - continuous - night hummel well you be some kind of joker , mason . maybe you be a lunatic . be you of sound mind , mason ? mason I be not threaten the life of a million innocent people . you be . hummell demeanor change . hard now . tight . hummel give I the guidance chip . mason I throw they in the bay . hummel that be stupid of you . mason ( be : hostage Henderson ) would you have shot him7 CUT to : the marine look at hummel , wonder the same thing . 220 ext . china alley rocket launching station - night goodspeed , still hold Cox at bay , pull the v.x. chem round from the rocket . the go be slow . he begin to lift the poison pearl strand from the chem round . his hand reach to unclip the guidance system chip . suddenly pvt . mccoy repel to the level behind goodspeed . goodspeed grab the chip and dash off , slamm through a old wooden door into the civil war ruins . ext . prison yard - continuous - night mason and hummel . the previous question dangle in the air : would you have shot he ? hummel you seem like a bright man , Commander . Bright man understand necessity . mason Bright man also obey the law . " wherever law end , terror begin . " John locke . hummel " where there be no law , there be no transgression . " the Bible . Roman , chapter 4 , verse 15 . mason article 7 , american constitution ? " treason against the United States shall consist of ... 11 hummel the american constitution be write by traitor , Commander . traitors against a government found on injustice and tyranny and stupidity . ( beat ) I see little difference in my motivation . ext . china alley rocket launching station - night goodspeed , inside the Civil War ruin , level he gun at the door . the chip be in he free hand . the door creak open . ext . prison yard - continuous - night hummel do you , Commander mason ? suddenly gunshot . come from China alley . hummel and man whirl around , startle . hummel frye , crisp , go ! ext . china ally rocket launching station - night goodspeed wildly discharge he gun until click , the clip be spend . Cox and mccoy step through the doorway . goodspeed shove the guidance chip in he mouth . mccoy swallow that and I swear on my aunt myrtle 's grave I will cut you belly open and pull it out . mccoy and Cox spring at goodspeed . mccoy whip the butt end of he gun against goodspeed 's head . goodspeed crumple , unconscious . mccoy jam he finger in goodspeed 's mouth . mccoy he bit the fuckin ' thing . it 's shot . int . MAIN cell house - cell block ' id " - morning goodspeed squint through painful eye , gain consciousness . he look around , take stock of the start cell on ' id " block . get to he foot . go to the bar : goodspeed mason . ( no response ) mason ? mason ( v.o. ) it 's about time . goodspeed where be you ? a cell on the tier above goodspeed - mason sit on a bed . mason above you . ( under he breath ) literally and figuratively . widening , we see that mason's mattress have be rip into long strip . mason be braiding the strip into a long rope . the rope be quite finely construct . mason 's be at this several hour . intercut between the two cell ( and during the follow , mason keep busy with he rope braid ) . goodspeed this be tiny . mason you refer to you intellect , goodspeed ? or another portion of you anatomy .... goodspeed the cell , mason . mason five foot by seven . try live in one for a year . what happen ? goodspeed I only get one chem round . there be two leave . I fuck up . mason ( sarcastic ) surprise , surprise . goodspeed I be not a field agent , all right ? so cut I a break . mason a f.b.i . man ask I for a break . how droll . goodspeed what be you beef with the Bureau , anyway clmon . tell I . mason let 's say we country have a little dispute . they both knowingly shaft I . goodspeed how ? mason familiar with the name Hoover , goodspeed ? I do not mean a vacuum cleaner ... goodspeed listen intently and CUT to : int . long beach AIR force base hangar - morning super : long beach , CA . - U.S. AIR force base . technician be frantically install willy peter incendiary bomb under the wing of a F - 16 . across the hmgar - General Peterson and Captain giler brief four f-16 top gun pilot . general peterson the target . alcatraz Island . this be not a precision strike . the entire island be to be blankete . lwo F - 16 pilot Sir , we hit that Island with willy Peter and it 's go to look like iwo jima . no one can survive it . general peterson ( grimly ) that 's why this be a volunteer mission , Captain . if any of you have doubt you can carry it out , speak up . the pilot look at each other . silence . general peterson Captain giler ? cpt . giler we jerry -rigged a release lever . you will find it on the leave side of the cockpit . it 's get two position : safety and release . throw it on release , the bomb drop in five second . Change you mind , throw it back on safety . any question ? int . alcatraz - goodspeed be cell - morning goodspeed stare blankly into space . intercut between the two cell again . goodspeed Jesus . ( think ) why do not you just tell Hoover and the bureau where the microfilm be ? make a trade ? mason some trade . they would get the microfilm and I would get a bullet in the head . goodspeed I see you point . something 's be on my mind . about you escape . mason what ? mason rise . lift the bed . pull off the bed 's heavy rolling caster . knot the caster onto one end of the braid rope . goodspeed you go down the shower drain , through the tunnel to the power plant , under the steam engine and out through the intake pipe - that much I have get ' but ... howld you get out of you cell ? mason lean out he cell and toss the roll caster down the cell block . the braid rope , tie to it , play out to it 's full length . goodspeed ( cont would ) I only ask because , in we current situation , it might be useful information ... the result : the braid rope lie across the cell block floor , the roll caster tie to it . mason hold the other end of the rope through the bar of he cell . mason Trade secret , billy , I will tell you this : it be easier than get in . mason fiercely yank the rope toward he . the heavy roll caster jerk from the floor . the caster , pull the rope , fly past mason 's cell -- -- shoot in a arc around the corner of the cell block , still pull the rope , where -- -- the caster - pull rope catch the cell release lever against the wall . the rope coil , wrap wrap whap , around the release lever handle . mason tug the rope taut like he 's just snag a fish . then he pull slowly and delicately . the cell door release lever pull down and -- -~ mason's cell door ( and all the door on that tier ) open at once . and mason smile . int . goodspeed be cell - morning goodspeed hear the door open above he . goodspeed hey ! hey what 's happen ? ( no response ) mason . mason ? suddenly goodspeed 's cell door open . goodspeed exit the cell . mason stand there . mason you be on you own , kid . you gear 's over there . mason motion to a heap of there gear ( clothes , weapon , flare ) in the corner of the cell tier . goodspeed shit .... goodspeed grab he gun and gear and follow after mason . 225 ext . alcatraz - infirmary command CENTER - morning hummel sit behind the desk . baxter , frye , darrow , hendrix in front of he . silence . hummel stare at he phone . the tension be palpable . hummel time . baxter ( consult he watch ) Fifteen minute Frank . captain frye we have two operational rocket leave , General . one on the lower lighthouse , one on the rooftop , ready for fire . ( no response ) General . hummel I hear you Captain . captain darrow prepare for launch General ? General ? hummel not yet . captain frye General hummel , noon be approach . hummel I be aware of the time , Captain . hummel glare at frye , then at the phone . frye and darrow .exchange a look .... CUT to : int . white house - oval office - morning the clock on the wall read 11:47 . 13 minute to go . General Kramer , Security advisor Louis lindstrom , and c.i.a. director milton amway . louis lindstrom when be the last communication from we man on alcatraz ? general kramer Seven hour ago . the Naval attache enter excitedly . naval attache General , the white phosphorous attack be operational . General Kramer grab the phone . general kramer get I the President . 227 ext . alcatraz - parade ground - morning mason emerge from the parade ground ruin and move down the embankment toward the water . goodspeed stay above . goodspeed mason . John . ( mason stop ) what happen - the injustice do to you - do not mean you can walk away from this . a million people across that Bay will die . mason only one of they I care about . goodspeed you be once a different man . mason you do not know what kind of man I be . goodspeed you be a civil servant . sworn to do you duty . just like I . mason begin climb down to the waterline . int . alcatraz - infirmary command CENTER - morning hummel , with baxter , hendrix , frye , darrow and crisp . the atmosphere be now so fuck thick you can cut it . captain darrow eleven fifty - seven , General . Three minute to go . hummel they be go to call . captain frye they be not go to call General . hummel I ... I do not understand this . captain darrow I understand it . they be call we bluff . we have two operational rocket leave . we have to stick one of that rocket in they ear , General . hummel atom ? baxter I ' ... I do not know Frank . hummel seventy thousand peqple ... I do not ... i do not ever ... captain frye you do not ever what ? ( no response ) you do not ever what , General ? ( get in hummel 's face ) General , forty - eight hour ago I be in a cushy job at pendleton . as of this moment I be subject to prosecution for treason and murder . do you know what that mean . it mean the electric chair . for all of we . baxter he 's right Frank . authorize the launch or it 's over . all eye on hummel now . captain darrow authorize the launch , General . hummel nod and CUT to : ext . alcatraz - rooftop of MAIN cell house - morning capt . frye and sgt. crisp approach the rocket launcher across the roof of the main cell house . ext . alcatraz - parade ground - morning mason 's wading into the water now . goodspeed you will never make it . mason I once swim the English Channel , but you be entitle to you , opinion . goodspeed , disgust , turn and head back , grumble . goodspeed Fine . I will fuckin , do it myself . ext . rooftop of MAIN cell house - morning capt . frye and sgt . crisp on the roof , ready the rocket launcher . hummell voice come over fryel walkie- talkie : hummel ( v.o. ) ( over walkie- talkie ) Launch coordinate 675 dash 439 . captain frye aye aye General : coordinate 675 dash await launch command . int . infirmary command CENTER - morning hummel stare at a gride map of the BAY arf.a. captain frye ( v.o. ) ( over walkie - talkie ) ( beat ) General , you command . hummel ( close he eye ) Fire . ext . rooftop of MAIN cell house - morning frye press the ignition switch . the rocket' tail fire . it roar off the launcher . toward oakland . ext . alcatraz - parade ground - morning close on ma - son - as he watch the v.x. rocket roaring over he head toward civilian populdtion . mason ( hushed ) my god . mason look up . goodspeed stand above on the embankment . goodspeed that change thing ? int . pier 39 - FBI command - morning the f.bi . radar technician stare at the radar screen . f.b.i. radar technician they fire a rocket . it 's head east . everyone stare at the radar screen . a hush . sanchez East . but that 's ... oakland . ( dawns on he ) my god . the football game . ext . alcatraz - parade ground - morning mason come back up the embankment . face goodspeed - with grim resolve : goodspeed partner ? mason partner . the two man clasp hand and CUT to : ext . oakland coliseum - noon 60,000 football fan scream as the oakland raider sprint onto the field . above , unbeknownst to anyone -- ext . skie over oakland california - day the v.x. rocket arc over oakland and -- int . alcatraz - infirmary command CENTER - day -- hummel , baxter , and darrow stare at the transmission from the rocket 's optic camera . on the video monitor - we first see clear sky . the rocket reach its apex . Blue sky be now replace by the oakland coliseum directly below . we descend on 60,000 people . back to scene - hummel watch the video monitor nervously . his jaw twitch . he look at the rocket guidance control computer . he look at the video monitor . he can not take it . hummel lunge for the rocket guidance control computer . darrow try to restrain he , but -- hummel punch in new coordinate -- ext . skie over oakland coliseum - day the v.x. rocket 's guidance control suddenly blink red . the rocket veer off on a new vector . head now toward San Francisco Bay . and CUT to : int . pier 39 command CENTER - day the f.b.i. radar technician react to the change in the rocket 's trajectory . f.b.i. radar technician Sir , it 's head . , . into the bay ? ext . san francisco BAY - day a charter fishing boat bob in the bay . 245 ext . charter fishing boat - day four guy be fishing . relaxing . drink beer . one guy look up . see something . ciwter fisherman what the hell .... ? ext . skie over san francisco BAY - day the v.x. rocket scream down . at 500 fot altitude it detonate . shower a cloud of v.x. poison onto the bay . 247 ext . charter fishing boat - deck - day the fishermen stand there , stunne as droplet of v.x. poison fall upon they . it 's like a grey drizzle . the fisherman exchange look . hold out they hand , catch " rain drop " . one of they spasm . another . the other . skin turn black . blood run from pore . ext . rooftop of MAIN cell house - day frye and crisp stare across the Bay in disbelief . captain frye I do not believe it . he pull the plug . frye , disgust , race down the stair . ext . alcatraz - in front of infirmary - day frye stalk into the infirmary . mason and goodspeed come around the corner and steal inside the infirmary . int . white house - oval office - day Chief of staff hayden sinclair stand before the desk of the President of the United States . hayden sinclair they need a decision Mr. President . the President ( who we do not see ) gaze into the East Garden . the President hit he intercom to the room where he cabinet be gather . intercut with the authority , reaction , as need : president this past few hour have be the longest , darkest of my life . this be when you wish the buck do not stop here . ( beat ) a balance between two tragedy . on one hand the fate of a million civilian . on the other , Frank hummel . that we have ignore or abandon or marginalize a great soldier like Frank hummel and that american boy have pay the price of that neglect in blood , be equally real , and equally tragic . hayden sinclair the glass be half full not half empty , sir . no civilian casualty so far . president I do not believe in half full or half empty , sinclair . there be chemical weapon and there be civilian . and there be man on alcatraz wholve prove they be willing to use the one on the other . ( beat ) we be at war with terror . Fighting a war mean casualty . this be the worst call I have ever have to make . ( take the phone ) Air strike approve . ext . pier 39 command CENTER - mobile war room - day sanchez , womack , carla , silent around speakerphone . ext . long beach AIR force base - day the F -16 roar down the runway , lift into the sky . int . alcatraz - infirmary corridor - day mason and goodspeed move silently down the corridor . they pass the heavy steel door of the marinet Command Center . it 's ajar . voice emanate within . goodspeed and mason move inside the adjacent room . b253 int . infirmary room adjacent to command CENTER - day there 's a 4 x 16 inch slit in the wall . mason and goodspeed position themselves on either side , watch and eavesdropp on the drama unfold within . int . alcatraz - infirmary command CENTER - day frye , darrow and baxter . all stare at hummel . captain frye you be gutless . I know it . captain darrow the problem be now thev know it . hummel careful son . I would maintain discipline if I be you . darrow draw he .45 , level it at hummel . intercut with mason and goodspeed 's reaction . captain darrow I be relieving you of you command General . Captain frye ? captain frye I be in . captain darrow Major ? Major baxter look from darrow to hummel . hummel Tom ? baxter it 's over Frank . ( to darrow ) I be in . hummel blink . he can not believe this . hummel Tom , I warn you . baxter stand down , General . hummel I be give you a direct order . baxter ( draw he .45 ) I be not accept it . in the adjacent room - goodspeed and mason exchange a tense look . mason aim he gun through the slit ... hummel draw he .45 but baxter fire first , hit hummel squarely in the chest . mason fire through the slit , kill baxter as -- hummel , gunshot , reel toward the steel door behind he . he wrench it open and lunge outside into the corridor . in the corridor - mason fire into the command center , send frye and darrow diving for cover . goodspeed grab the semi-consious hummel and drag he down the corridor - . in the infirmary washroom - goodspeed drag hummel inside . hummel collapse against the wall . his blood run across the tile floor . mason take a defensive position in the washroom doorway . darrow and frye attack through the infirmary 's maze of room , take cover where they can , squeezing off round . mason fire at darrow and frye from the doorway while goodspeed kneel over hummel . hummell die and know it . he stare at goodspeed through glassy eye . hummel my god what have I do ... goodspeed it 's not too late , General . tell I where the last chem round be . hummel ( gasp for air ) lower lighthouse ... hummel die . mason and goodspeed turn from hummel to each other . mason do you job , billy . - I will try to hold , they off . mason blast away at frye and darrow , allow goodspeed to sprint for the exit toward the lower lighthouse . as frye hold down mason with fire , darrow sprint for the opposite exit . frye , fire while retreate , move back inside the Command Center . ext . MAIN cell house - day goodspeed exit and sprint toward the lower lighthouse . ext./ int . alcatraz - lower lighthouse - day sgt. crisp smoke a cigarette next to launcher . goodspeed enter , gun raise . crisp spin , draw he .45 . goodspeed do not ... goodspeed shoot crisp . crisp fall dead . a255 int . infirmary - corridor - day mason advance toward the command center 's door . suddenly the heavy steel door creak open and -- -- a satchel explosive fling out , slide across the corridor floor toward mason . mason turn and sprint away . frye bolt from the room , 's printing the other way . mason dive away as the satchel detonate , implode the corridor wall , collapse the , ceiling . mason 's engulf in two ton of - plaster and crumble cinder block . int . lower lighthouse - day goodspeed 's detach the v.x. chem round from the rocket . he 's about ready to pull out the poison pearl when .. darrow barge in . goodspeed , c hem round in hand , move behind the stairway and scaffold in the room ,s middle . int . infirmary command CENTER - day frye , at the guidance control computer , into walkie talkie . captain frye crisp , darrow , come in ... ( think ; click walkie talkie to new channel ) Cox , mccoy , get you ass up here ! ext . alcatraz - wharf watch tower - day pvt . Cox and mccoy , stand watch , leave the watch tower and hurry toward the infirmary and lower lighthouse . int . lower lighthouse - day darrow move one way , goodspeed the other . goodspeed hold the chem round in front of he . captain darrow give that to I . goodspeed you shoot I , I will drop this and we be both dead . one of this pearlslll kill everything within 200 foot . you know how this shit work ? darrow drop he gun . pull out a titanium blade knifg . captain darrow you know how this shit work ? darrow advance on goodspeed . the only route to goodspeed be between the rocket and the window . darrow continue advance . , goodspeed eye the launcher 's ignition switch . as darrow pass between thewindow and the launcher .... goodspeed you know the elton John son , " rocket man " ? captain darrow I hate it . darrow lunge . goodspeed stab the ignition switch . the vx rocket lift off , hitting darrow square in the chest . ext . lower lighthouse - day -- the vx rocket blows darrow through the window and wing off , clear the cliff . darrow fall from the rocket -- goodspeed well it happen to be my favorite fuckin , song ! ext . alcatraz - parade ground - day darrow plummet , impaling himself on a steel fence spike . the vx rocket swerve madly across the bay -- int . pier 39 command CENTER - mobile war room - day f.b.i. radar technician second rocket 's away , sir . ( confuse look ) it go in the Bay sir . int . lower lighthouse - day goodspeed 's alone now with the last v.x. chem round . he - pull out the strand of poison pearl . suddenly a axe blade come through the door . outside -- ext . lower lighthouse - day -- capt . frye chop at the door lock with a FIRE axe . int . lower lighthouse - day goodspeed look around frantically . only one place to go . up. goodspeed scramble up the interior metal stair . ext . lower lighthouse rooftop - day goodspeed emerge on the roof . set down the chem round . pull out the poison pearl strand , he hand shaking . with the other hand , he unclip the rocket guidance chip . the copper strand hold the pearl be corrode . a strand break . four pearl fall . goodspeed catch three . the FOURTH drop , hit he shoe . it roll along the rooftop . goodspeed set aside the other pearl and dive , grab the stray pearl a inch from the roof , 's edge . suddenly the huge lighthouse window behind goodspeed explode , shower goodspeed with glass . on the adjacent rooftop ~ pvt . mccoy , wield a smoking .60 Cal machine gun . mccoy fire a wick , long , sustained burst , emptyinc he entire ammunition belt . the lighthouse searchlight fresnel blow to shred . goodspeed roll away , glass shard raining down on he , cut he - . he 's a sit duck . mccoy cast aside the .60 Cal and unshoulder a sniper rifle . draw a bead on goodspeed again . goodspeed , bleed , terrify , cower , await death . a silhouette appeare behind mccoy . it 's mason , dirty and bloody . mccoy spin . mason bat the rifle aside , knee mccoy in the solar plexus , grip mccoyl neck -- SNAP ! - and hurl he off the roof . mccoy fall 5 floor . goodspeed give mason a thankful glance . and hear the door burst OPEN below . int . lower lighthouse rooftop - day frye roar inside . look around . start up the stair . ext . lower lighthouse - day frye barge onto the roof . see the dismantled chem round . goodspeed 's at the edge of the roof look down . captain frye give I the guidance chip . frye raise he m - 16 as goodspeed jump . land hard on the ground below and sprint off . ext . alcatraz - in front of the lower lighthouse - day goodspeed sprint toward the new industries build . ext . lower lighthouse rooftop - day frye fire form the roof . m-16 round kick up dirt around goodspeed . frye curse and head back down the stair . ext . alcatraz - in front of lower lighthouse - day frye exit and sprint after goodspeed . int . MAIN cell house - stairwell - day mason come down the stair . suddenly pvt . cox loom on the stair below . face off with mason . Cox draw he knife and lunge . mason catch Cox ' wrist . Cox , with he free hand , hit mason . hard . mason recoil . counter punch . on come Cox . he 's huge and menace . he hit mason again . again . again . Cox have mason back up to the stairwell . - int . new industries build - day goodspeed , frantic , sprint across the floor , splashing through puddle . he lose he foot . fall and slide across the floor , clutching the guidance chip a , d pear . he get to he foot . limp behind some rusty machinery . frye enter . see ripples in puddle leave by goodspeed . frye creep across the floor . follow the ripple . int . MAIN cell house - stairwell - day mason 's nearly through . back up against the railing . Cox come in again . wham wham . mason spit blood and tooth . mason be move to he pocket . as Cox come in for the death blow -- mason pull the motor oil from he picket and spray it in Cox 's eye . the big man be daze , blind . mason step aside and ram Cox over the railing . Cox fall to he death on the floor below . mason look down at he . mason snake hate the stuff . int . new industries build - day frye creep close to goodspeed 's hide place . goodspeed lunge from behind the machinery , jam he finger into fryel mouth and ramming home the poison pearl . goodspeed hammer he fist into fryel jaw . we hear the glass break in fryel mouth . fryel eye widen . grey smoke spews from he mouth and nostril . his eye bulge . goodspeed try to step away . frye bearhug he , press he face close . frye open he mouth , spew forth a cloud of poison in goodspeed 's face . captain frye you be comin , with I . goodspeed shove frye away . frye drop , he body quivering . blood pour form he ear and nose . frye spasm in a sicken dance of death . goodspeed reel away , . coughing . dizzy , he fall to he knee . he 's gass and know it . desperately , he rip at he pandleg . a syringe tape to he calf . atropine . he pull it free and hesitates . a beat , then -- he plunge the long needle into he chest . into he heart . depress the plunger . ext . skie over san francisco BAY area - day -- the F - 169 , fly north along the California . coastline , bank right and dive down onto San Francisco Bay . int . new industries build - day goodspeed 's world slow down . be he die ? he see image in slow motion he and carla together he parent moment from he childhood ... slowly goodspeed 's breathe normalize . he gaze up at the dawn sky . sees something shimmer in the distance . through the heat wave ... the souadron of F -16s . int . pier 39 command CENTER - day sanchez , director womack , and the f.b.i. technician watch from the window as -- the F - 16 wing across the Bay toward alcatraz . sanchez May god have mercy gn they soul . carla ( face bury in he hand ) you can not do this , you can not let this happen . ext . new industries build - day goodspeed exit and kneel , reach for he other pantleg . pull out he GREEN flare . he crack the flare and fire they up . ext . san francisco BAY bridge - day the F - 16 fly under the span of bridge , just 50 foot off the water , shoot up a plume of water . ext . alcatraz - new industries build - day goodspeed , in slow motion , wave the flare . int . lead F - 16 - cockpit - day the lead F - 16 Pilot speak on this air-to- air mike . lead F -16 pilot Arm up . int . pier 39 - f.b.i. command CENTER - day carla watch the approach of the F - 16 on alcatraz in horror . every second be excruciate . f.b.i. technician ten second to the drop zone . and now count eight , seven , six ... ext . world war ii bunker ( spotting position # 1 ) - day a hilltop on the Marin side of the Golden Gate Bridge . two spotter watch the action through spotting scope . spotter 1 watch the F - 16 . spotter 2 , watch alcatraz , nearly jump out of he skin . f.b.i. technician Green smoke ! it 's ... goodspeed !! a radio operator fire a message to command . int . pier 39 ~ f.b.i. command CENTER - day sanchez abort . abort immediately . ext . alcatraz - shoreline - day on come the F - 16 , roaring over alcatraz . they be almost on top of goodspeed now . it 's too late . it 's all over . int . lead F - 16 - - 16 - cockpit - day f-16 flight controller ( v.o. cockpit radio ) abort , red thunder , abort ! lead F - 16 pilot abort. abort . the lead f-16 pilot safeties the bomb release lever . 276 int . rear F - 16 - cockpit - day the rear F -16 pilot be wrestle with he release lever . it 's stick . he can not " safety " it . rear f-16 pilot Sir , something 's wrong . I can not disengage ... ! lead f-16 pilot then peel off ... ext . skie over alcatraz - day the four F - 16 veer away from the island . but for the rear jet , the order come too late ... ext . rear F - 16 - wing undercarriage - day the rear F - 16 release its willy Peter canister . they plummet to the island . ext . alcatraz - near new industries build - day the willy peter canister land , detonate on impact in a monstrous infernal explosion . the awesome concussion knock goodspeed off the New industry Building pier into the bay . ext . underwater - day goodspeed , concuss in the water , try to keep consciousness . he can not . he sink . another form appear above he . it 's mason , swim for goodspeed . mason get under he arm and pull he up . ext . alcatraz - shoreline - day mason drag goodspeed ashore . 283 int . pier 39 - command warehouse - day sanchez , director womack and the f.b.i. technician stare out the window at alcatraz , enshroud in plume of smoke . total silence . only carla , weep quietly in the corner . sanchez put he arm around she . usher she away . suddenly a voice crackle : goodspeed ( v.o. ) pier 39 come in . pier 39 ... ( freeze ) my god he 's alive . director womack grab the mike . f.b.i. director womack goodspeed , this be director womack . be the hostage alive ? goodspeed ( v.o. ) every one of they sir . f.b.i. director womack what about mason ? int . alcatraz - civil war ruins - day goodspeed stare at mason , let the question dangle . f.b.i. director womack goodspeed . be mason-alive ? a pause . the question still dangle there . then : goodspeed ( deep breath ) just come and get I , sir . I be tired . sanchez name you vacation spot , goodspeed . the Bureau will pay for it . goodspeed hang up . the two man regard each other . goodspeed mason , uhm , John , I have something to tell you . you know that pardon contract you sign ? mason womack rip it up , right ? goodspeed you know ? all this time ? mason I be not a fool , billy . goodspeed all I know be that whatever you do , you do not deserve to go back . mason goodspeed . you know the etymology of you name ? goodspeed God 's speed . mason yes . to wish someone a prosperous jouey . mason smile . goodspeed smile back . there be a immediate tacit understanding . mason and if you turn around I will tell you a secret . goodspeed , confuse by this , give mason a look . slowly turn around . camera do not leave he . mason ( o.s. ) St. Michael 's Church , Fort Walton , Kansas . Front pew . right leg . hollow . goodspeed what 's that ? ( beat ) mason ? goodspeed turn around . John Paul mason be go . ext . alcatraz - dock - day goodspeed be stand on the dock . sanchez come down the gangplank . sanchez you surprised I , kid . never think you could do it . goodspeed neither do I sir . f.b.i. director womack where 's mason ? goodspeed vaporize , sir . blown out to sea . goodspeed he save my life , sir . be sanchez go to accept this ? . sanchez yes ( smile ; acknowledge ) poor son-of-a-bitch . f.b.i. agent Sir , the White House call . it 's the President . f.b.i. director womack I will take it . womack elbow past goodspeed and sanchez . f.b.i. agent uhm , sir , actually it 's for goodspeed . womack glare at goodspeed , who take the phone . goodspeed Bill goodspeed , Mr. President . president ( v.o. ) I be in you debt , goodspeed , the country be in you debt . you be a hero , son . goodspeed thank you , Mr. President . the man you should be thanking be John mason . president ( v.o. ) so I have be inform . would you put the f.b.i. director on please ? goodspeed director womack . goodspeed hand the phone to womack . womack look at the phone . slowly take it . f.b.i. director womack I can explain all of this , sir ... president ( v.o. ) I do not want you explanation , womack . I want you resignation . womack grimace . goodspeed , smile to himself , turn away . carla race into he arm . a long , warm embrace . CUT to : ext . pacific coast highway - day a jeep motor up the freeway . pass a sign : vancouver 30 mile . int . jeep - drive - day mason and jade . jade drive . Father smile . daughter smile back . CUT to : begin close credit . the follow play over : kansas - day ext . a road in fort walton , kansas - day a beat -up porsche speedster exit a baptist church . int . porsche speedster - day carla be drive . goodspeed next to she . he open a worn plastic canister . spool out a reel of microfilm . carla would you please tell I what this be all about ... ? goodspeed you want to know who really kill President Kennedy , honey ...? the end