the day the clown cry original screenplay by joan o'brien and charle denton base on a Story idea by joan o'brien additional material by Jerry Lewis I take a child by the hand ... to lead he on he way . I told he of the love of GOD ... and taught he how to pray . and as I searched for better way he guide and help to be ... I found , as we walked hand in hand , that he be leading I . " the day the clown cry " cold open ext . paris circus - night the normal activity and excitement of showtime around the circus be in evidence where we see the half dark street and alley directly adjacent to the circus tent which ( in Paris be a enclosure ) ... the animal , the midget , the people and the roustabouts move with a fix speed and get faster as we now know showtime be momentarily due . we move toward the action , slowly but definitely pick up sound and action of the busy people as we go . straight CUT to : ext . circus - front of circus - people entering - night we see barker , child , people , push ... buy ticket , hat , candy ... sound of child laugh , music play from o.s. within the tent area ... and we ... CUT to : ext . back of circus - night a continuation of the animal , trainer , clown intercut with the action of the circus customer jam the entranceway to get in ... ( compliment cut from backstage to out front ... building to the final crescendo ... as we see the alley empty and clear out versus . the front area clear and also become empty . ) dissolve to : int . circus proper - night the fully dress orchestra play the oncoming people to they respective seat as we pan along the happy face and excited child ... down and back within the circus backstage and slowly come to a stop outside : " clown alley " . clown alley - night the heartbeat of any circus ... the long row of unkempt , yet beautifully neat trunk where the clown make up , with many of the clown just come in and set they clothes and thing around they own little area ... midget run and play , like the little child they be about to entertain ... music be in the deep background ... as we come to a stop at the large trunk with the letter clearly print ...' gustav - europe's premier clown . " we pull back and away from the lettering on the trunk and reveal the face of a gentle but draw man , a man whose body and movement indicate he have be at this for a long time . as he sit , the little midget run close to see what they can do to help ; one pull the chair for he to sit on ; another bring a hot cup of coffee ; another take he coat and hang in on the hattree , adjacent to he trunk ... as we push past he to introduce the other clown ... some half make up , other finish they make -up ... and some just sit and rapping together , smoking , drink coffee , wait for showtime ... and in the very distant b.g. , almost against the wall of clown alley , we see the trunk and the body of a " clown " in silhouette ... we crawl toward the body and the trunk ... and come to a stop ... holding full frame . the clown , already make - up and dress in he tramp outfit , have he head in he hand , lean down on the trunk table top , a depressed and sad look hulk of a man ... a o.s. voice : midget coffee ? it 's nice and hot . the midget slide the cup in front of the clown 's face ... as he pick up he head and smile and nod yes ... he sip the coffee and we see the clown be helmut dorque ( pronounce doork ) . he be a depressed and very unhappy clown ... the frown on he face show year of knock around ... plus fear that that year be now over . from o.s. we hear the SOUND of a small air horn be blow and carry by one of the midget . he be yell through a old megaphone . midget 15 Minutes to circus ... 15 minute to circus . upon hearing this , " clown alley " really get busy ... all the clown get up and put they last minute touch together ... touch up they make-up ... get they coat and prop together ... and as they get themselves up and ready , they exit the clown alley area and start for the arena . the last one to go be Helmut , linger behind intentionally as we : CUT to : int . circus arena - closeup ringmaster - night ringmaster lady and gentleman , we proudly present ... " the clown " ! int . clown alley - night Helmut hang back until the very last clown exit clown alley , as we : CUT to : int . circus proper - night the music be really go strong ... and the clown come on like all forty . they explode in the ring ... do all they bit and piece which ultimately bring they back to the entrance area they just come from and they make the " West Point " arch for the timpani drum roll and the grand entrance of " gustav " the great . closer shot " gustav " make he famous comedy walk into the tent with the longest pair of tail ever see ( at least 75 foot long ) and at the end hold they from drag on the floor be Helmut , the " tramp clown " . wider shot we see gustav take the applause , and it be tremendous . he stop center of the ring , but Helmut keep walk and do not see the post in front of he as he walk around the post , still hold the tail and go on he butt , pull gustav down as well . the audience scream with laughter , believe this all part of the act , as we : dissolve to : int . clown alley - night all the clown be sit around they respective trunk and there be a sense of gloom permeate the air , as gustav and mr . schmidt pace back and forth behind Helmut , both go at he unmercifully . mr schmidt ( in the middle of he tirade ) not to mention how unprofessional that be ... helmut but it be a accident ... gustav oh , sure it be ... a very well plan and calculate accident ! helmut I swear to you ... it be a accident ! gustav stop and grab Schmidt 's arm , and with a threaten , point finger ... gustav I do not want to hear any more ... you will get I another stooge . I do not want this man !! schmidt do not get excited , gustav , you shall have it . gustav you bet I will , or you shall have no show . gustav walk away , sit at he trunk , start take he make - up off . schmidt ( move to Helmut 's trunk , lean over into Helmut 's ear ) you will run with the other clown and that 's all you will do ... be that clear ? Helmut , shattered , nod he head yes . schmidt ( continue ) and if there be another one of you cute trick ... I promise you will do you bit for the " cat " while clean they cage ! Schmidt walk away ... leave Helmut stunne and shocked . Helmut lift he trunk cover , which open on a hinge and stay upright , as we slowly crab around to reveal the " one sheet " glue to the inside of the trunk lid ... as Helmut reach for a towel to clean he face , we read : ringling bros . &amp ; barnum and bailey present the world' greatest clown " helmut " schmidt from Germany the one sheet be batter and tear and certainly appear to be many year old . as we pan the " lid " to see they all , Helmut 's face be reflect in the mirror as we see the tear roll down he face . as we freeze frame , music hit for : MAIN title : the day the clown cry following credit : ext . deserted STREET and bistro - night Helmut , deject and as sad as any man could be , stroll down the desert street , alone . int . bistro he come to a small bistro and walk in ... stand at the bar . helmut clause ... give I a double whiskey with beer chaser . clause ( who know he ) you will not get " funny " out of a bottle . helmut and you will not make a dime stick you nose in other people 's business . clause pour the whiskey , and place the beer next to it ; as Helmut gulp the drink down and chase it with the beer from the bottle ... we : straight CUT to : int . the apartment - night stand at the window look out be a beautiful woman , simply dress , no make - up and clean ; she have the look of a woman who have just bath and one could almost smell the fragrance of bath oil on she body . she be tense and concerned . she see something and move toward the door and open it . there be a beat and finally the o.s. sound of foot scuffling get to the door . it be Helmut , fairly crock at this point . ada Helmut , darling , be you all right ? helmut ( nastily ) do I look like I be not all right ? ada I be so worried about you ... you dinner be cold and I could not imagine what happen to you ... helmut be you really worried about I or you stupid dinner be get cold ? ada be hurt by this , but know something be really chew away at he ... and deal with it even more tenderly , which only dig in deeper on Helmut . ada sweetheart , I care about you ... I love you ... I worry about you ... I can not help that feeling ... during the above Helmut be at the small bar in the live room pour another " blast " and gulp it down ... he hear the word but try to ignore they . helmut if there be anything I do not need right now ... it 's you super - sentimentality ... he flop down in the armchair and stare straight ahead ... again , ada be hurt by he blast she , but she 's wise enough to know this be not the man she love ... she have to get what 's eat he out of there . ada Helmut ... what 's torment you soul ? please let I help you ... talk to I ... I do not care what it be ... I love you ... I be you friend ... you can trust I to understand ... helmut I can not trust anybody ... I do not know how to trust anybody ... ada I be not anybody ! I be you wife ! Helmut , hearing this word , look up at she and see the beauty in she eye , and he be affect by this . he stand up and take she in he arm ... almost break she in two . helmut I be sorry , my love ... I be so sorry ... you be right ! you be not anybody . you be my wife and I love you , too ... so very much I just have no one to fight back at ... I be lose and alone , I can not handle the disgrace of failure ... the pain of be a have - be be more than I can bear ... ada know now what 's happen . ada Schmidt again ? gustav again ? when will you learn they fear you and they know how vulnerable you be now ... if they can beat you down then they need not worry about you come back to haunt they . helmut they worry about I ? do not be ridiculous ... they just take the last comic bit away from I ... because of a silly accident ... I be now down at the bottom , just a stooge assist a not - so- funny clown . ada but they can not take you talent away ... that 's you strongest force ! walk away from she , get angry again ... helmut what the hell be you talk about ? what talent ? and if I have any it 's be suffocate into nothing ... and that 's just what I be now ... nothing ... no one ... just empty ... a prop to be use and mis-use ... how do my great talent stand up to that odd ? ada by not quit ... you must fight ! Creative survival be even more difficult than human survival ... you must fight !!! Helmut get quiet and listen , and it make sense ... ada know she 's get he now . ada ( continue ) go to Schmidt ... Force a confrontation ... do not let gustav win ... make Schmidt see what a injustice they be impose on you ... please , my love , fight ! make you world better by fight for it ... you can do it ... I know you can ... Helmut hear it all and it sound so good and right . helmut I will go now and see Schmidt ... I will tell he I will not take any more degradation ... I will tell he I be a " clown " not a stooge ... a " clown " ... a special person ... a special clown ... ada happily get he hat . ada ( place the hat on he head ) go , my love ... go and fight for what you know be right ... I will warm you dinner and wait for you to come home . she kiss he , open the door for he and he go . dissolve to : int . the empty circus - night the low key light and the silence of the circus be almost ominous and a little frightening for Helmut as he walk across the empty arena ... with a small light burn from up high . all the equipment be tie off . slight animal sound in the deep background ... and the faintest SOUND of circus music be hear . Helmut be now center of the main ring and stop and look around . he Pov - the empty stand close shot - helmut his face tense , then ease as he look around . he Pov the stand be full , the light come up , and the audience be stand , applaud thunderously ! mo . close - helmut in he clown outfit bow and acknowledge the ovation . he Pov - the audience as they stop applaud and sit down . wide shot Helmut -- the chair and the trombone -- the trombone pantomime as the completion of the " trombone pantomime " Helmut walk away from the position he be in with the trombone and bow and milk the crowd for reaction and as he bow the second time ... we shimmer : back to : close - helmut in bow position as he look at the crowd . he Pov - the empty stand close - helmut his face show sign of utter despair and dejection ... the dream be go and the memory of what be really hurt deep down . he look around make sure he have not be notice by anyone and take that deep sigh and stroll towards the back of the circus tent area on he way to find Schmidt . wide angle truck with he , holding the many empty seat in the b.g. as he walk ... try to muster up the courage he 's go to have to call ... something that have now become totally foreign to he . high shot - the empty circus we see Helmut as the tiny figure he feel like , walk out of the tent area and into the backstage section . CUT to : backstage office area - night Helmut enter the section of the circus where Schmidt have he " temp " office quarter . it be a tent - like arrangement with the canvas flap as he door and we see light stream from the half open canvas flap . he Pov - the tent office Helmut look and see a shadow of a body move around in the tent office area and start for it . int . tent office - night Schmidt pace up and down ... think , as we pull back to see gustav seat in one of the fold - up chair with a " I be wait " look on he face . schmidt naturally , I agree ... doork be a nuisance , but to just let he go seem a little unfair . gustav Schmidt ! do not make I put it on a " either he or I basis " . schmidt all right ... all right ... I will give he -- CUT to : outside office tent - helmut - night listen . schmidt ( v.o. ) -- he two week notice tomorrow . will that satisfy you ? gustav ( v.o. ) perfectly !! let 's have a drink ... Helmut drop he head , completely discourage and sadden by what he know be a lose battle . as he start to walk away we can hear the tinkling of glass and the slight laughter of the two man as we watch Helmut slowly scuff he way towards the backstage circus exit , as we : dissolve ( 12 - ft ) holding he walk over he limp body at bar . int . the bar - night Helmut have have more than a few and really look beat and shoddy -- he wave for the bartender to bring another . clause ( pour still another blast ) it 's you funeral . helmut ( not too clearly ) a funeral be usually in order when someone die . up to now , we have no idea , whatever , as to the time ( in history ) we be indeed in Germany , but as Helmut downs another blast we slowly creep we camera to include more of the bar than we have see before and it include picture , frame , of soldier , arm interlocked ( look somewhat like summer camp still ) , the german flag ( 1933 vintage / crisscross with the swastika ) , a large banner mark " deutchland " ober aliss ... and finally , the larger than life photograph of " Hitler " . Helmut slowly cross camera as he take another drink and start spout again . helmut the trouble with man today be that he take everything for grant ... he think thing he 's tell to think ... and accept it ! just because we know meaning of word we use they and we fool ourselves ... people should use the dictionary more ... look up word like good ... bad ... honest ... loyal ... especially loyal , I know what loyal mean , and I have always be that ... but do anyone care ? no ! of course not ... only when it be expedient ... when it be not --- ( he slashes he throat with he finger ) --- zipppp ! you be out ! Helmut stop with he back to camera look straight at " Hitler " and scream : helmut and that go for you too ... mine fuhrer ... he shove he right arm up and out at the photograph of " Hitler " . helmut ... you , too , be a fool . you allow yourself to think you have " loyal " follower ... ha ! wait until they have have it with you ... you will get yours ... all the smile , bow , heel click idiot will shaft you too . and you will deserve it because if you allow people like herr Schmidt to get about he business of lie , and cheating , and be disloyal , one day all the schmidt in Germany will turn on you and you will finish as the dumb little corporal you start as , and never know what hit you ... during the above dialogue , two s.s. man along with two gestapo man walk into the bar and sit at a table unseen by Helmut , and as they sit , Helmut continue : helmut he really have to be stupid -- ( indicate Hitler ) I could help he by tell he about the people he think be good Germans ... ha ! the two s.s. man and the two gestapo man just happen to stop in the pub , they can not really believe what they be hearing , and the two s.s. man make a move to get up and secure Helmut . the head gestapo man nod to they to stay seat and wait and listen . Helmut continue he rave and get more violent as he go on . clause , the bartender , would love to tell he the Germans be there , but choose to go about he business . Helmut be really get the effect of the booze now and be border on flipping he lid , completely . ( he do the stagger routine try to get to the table on the other side of the bar furthest away from where the s.s. man and gestapo man be sit ) ... we play this for visual humor , but at the same time show just how swack he be !!! Helmut finally reach the table he have be try desperately to get to and fall into it , exhaust and emotionally drain . he look around at the few people who have be watch he , most of which be frighten at what he have say , try vainly to stay out of it . Helmut catch the eye of the four man ( s.s. and gestapo ) just look at he . helmut ( angrily ) what be you stare at ? do not you ever see a man drink before ? the four man just stare at he with no answer . helmut what 's the matter ? have not you guy get a sense of humor ? you must have ! look how you be dress ! grown man in they little soldier suit ... and the black coat and glove ... like in a movie ... Helmut get up and walk over to they table ... mumble , and staggering as he go ... helmut Real cloak and dagger stuff ... do not you gestapo guy ever know that everybody can spot you a mile away ? ( lean over and whisper ) listen , if you really want to be unnotice ... you should dress like plain people , then nobody would know you ... you might even wear straw hat and short ... he hear this and get hysterical laugh . helmut straw hat and short !! that 's funny ! now that 's really funny , be not it ? straw hat and short ! they just stare ! helmut well , be not that funny ? think of it ... that 's funny ! why do not you laugh ? helmut Pov - the s.s. and gestapo men they be really stare now , hard to believe they ear and eye . helmut ( get a idea ) I know why you be not laugh ... because thing you hear , you have to think about ... I will show you something that you will laugh at because all you will have to do be watch ... director' memo !!! ( insert chaplin footage ) Helmut go over to the bar , where a little man be stand drink he beer . alongside of the beer be a small plate with cracker and brown jam . Helmut take a comb out of he pocket , dip it in the man 's glass of beer , comb he hair down over one eye , take a finger full of the brown jam and make a shicklegruber mustache from it ... and turn on the four man yell : helmut ve vill conquer the world ... Heil I ! Heil I ! Heil I ! he scream the last " Heil " and collapse on the floor . the four man get up and proceed to pick he up and carry he out of the bar . as they get to the doorway and exit we stay on ... ada who have just arrive to see they pick he up and carry he away . she be shocked . we stay on a closeup of her face show the strain , pain and sadness as we : dissolve to : int . lo. reicher's office - outer office - berlin gestapo headquarters - day we OPEN on the shiny black boot swinging the door open in front of he and as we pull back we see Helmut seat in a slump position on the hard wood bench as we introduce the wearer of the black boot -- lo. reicher -- he enter he office as we go with he ... ( feather Edge set ) ... he walk briskly to the desk where there be brief and papers stack high on he desk ... he bellow , after look at the top folder . reicher steiner !!!! get in here ! a frighten and spineless like corporal spring into he office and click he heel and scream . corporal Heil Hitler ! ( shoot that stiff arm out like on a spring ! ) reicher flip he wrist in answer to the heil , show complete annoyance at have to do it . reicher do I see what I think I see here ? the corporal lean over the desk , and in order to see put he hand on the desk to brace himself ... reicher smack he arm , knock he face flat on the desk ... he stay there with he ass in the air , wait for instruction . reicher lean down put he nose right to the corporal 's nose . reicher never put you hand on my desk ... be that clear ? still in the same position , the corporal extend he arm for a heil Hitler , which be virtually impossible in the position he be in . corporal ( meekly ) yes sir ! reicher move it !! the corporal rise and stand stiffer than ever ... reicher ( pick the folder up ) now tell I , be this brief correct ? be that prisoner , the drunk , the one that impersonate the fuehrer ? corporal yes sir ! it be ! reicher pace behind he desk ... the corporal still stiff at attention ... wait and watch in mortal fear . reicher ( to himself ) I get all the weirdo ... alright , corporal , send he in ! the corporal click he heel , thrilled that he can go . corporal yes sir !!!! he exit , and return with Helmut and one more guard . Helmut stand in the doorway , frighten and unsure , reicher still pace behind he desk feel Helmut 's presence ... reicher alright , come in , sit down ! Helmut walk to the chair in front of reicher 's desk ... the spineless corporal move towards the door ... turn ... and take he position on the opposite side of the door that the guard be stand at ... reicher pick up the folder again , finger through it . as he look through the folder , he look at Helmut and look and finger page and the silence and the anxiety be get to Helmut as he sweat and wait . reicher be toy with he , and each time reicher look up the sick , little - boy smile cross Helmut 's face , hope to endear himself to this prussian pig ! reicher finally sit down beside he desk in a chair that resemble a throne . it be high and it look down on Helmut . ( props : this chair must be higher and taller than Helmut 's chair ... for Pov shot diminish Helmut seat there . over reicher on helmut reicher ( soft speak ) be you Helmut doork ? helmut ( nervously ) doork , yes sir , Helmut doork ! I be he ! yes sir , that be correct , doork ! reicher and be you a clown in the circus ? helmut ( ego set in and forget for a moment he trouble and danger ) not just a clown ! I be Helmut doork , Premier clown ! I have clown for the royal head of many of we finest country , why there be time when I have to ... reicher ( break in ) that be year ago ... accord to this papers you be now just a helper in the circus with little or no importance !! this stun Helmut , he facade destroy ... his face drop along with he fear ... helmut ( meekly ) some thing be only temporary ... Lt. reicher ! only yesterday , I have call from one of the great circus owner in all of Europe ... he ... reicher ( break in , strong and angry ) you be nothing !! you be a have be !! you be a clown ... reicher ( continue ) you be now a prisoner of the State and that 's not funny ... can you make something funny out of that , clown ? Helmut sink even lower in the over-stuffed chair , despair in he eye and a weight on he heart ... the truth slashing at he very be . helmut ( softly ) no! Lt. reicher , I can not make anything funny from that think ... reicher it be no think ... it be fact , clown , unquestionable fact !! now down to the issue at hand ... do you willfully and with malice attack the State and impersonate the fuhrer ? helmut ( softly ) I be drunk ! it be a mistake ! I mean no disrespect ... Sir ... honestly , I be drunk and not responsible for my action and thought ! and my action be subconscious ! reicher ( scream ) subconscious ?? meaning it be all motivate by truth that come out under the influence of alcohol ! helmut ( still softly ) I be a loyal german ! reicher and what kind of commendation would you expect for be a loyal german ? helmut I want nothing ! but I be more loyal than most Germans I know ... reicher like who ? Helmut realize this be the wrong thing to say ... he sweat ... helmut ah , like ... be ... reicher name ! name !!! who ? helmut I do not know ... reicher Sir !!! helmut I do not know , sir ... reicher but you say other Germans ... what other Germans ... who be they ? why be not they loyal ? who ? helmut ( try desperately to cop out ) I be not responsible for what I say now ... reicher why ? you be not drink ... you say you be not responsible last night because you be drunk ! be you drunk now ? helmut no , sir ! reicher then why be you not responsible now ? helmut I do not know !! reicher sir !!! helmut I do not know -- sir !!! reicher why be you not responsible ? why ? why ? why ? why ? on each attack of the word " why " , reicher creep up closer and closer to Helmut , really intimidating he ... and the sound of he voice echoe and become monotone and ominous ... [ the next two page of the script be missing as they be in the original ] the corporal get reicher 's point and mark he notebook , flip the cover close , snap to attention as we : dissolve to : int railway station - day ada walk as briskly as a woman can walk without run and then she walk become a panic run , look , sweat , and the look on she face be evident that she be frighten and close to shock ... she get to a train gate where she see the s.s. man push man through the gate to the train ... she know she be where she have to be ... she approach one of the s.s. man ... ada Excuse I , sir , but I wonder if you would help I ... you see ... s.s. man ( very briskly ) no ! go away ! ada you do not understand ... s.s. man you do not understand ... I say go away !! ada back away from the gate , and stand to one side watch the prisoner be move from the back of the huge truck back up to the railway area ... she be look through the iron bar ( we shoot the bar hold depth of field snugly so that the prisoner and the bar be in sharp focus ) ... we make quick cut between ada and the prisoner exite the huge truck ... as we see the change of expression on ada 's face we know she see what she 's be look for ... Helmut ... he be walk in a slow rhythm follow a group of man who look equally as break and sad as he look ... ada yell through the bar ... ada helmut ! just as she yell , the voice of a s.s. man drown out she scream as he yell ... s.s. man move along ... you swine ... move ... we have not get all day ... move ... move ... one - two - three - four -- his voice ring loudly in echo in the vast station it 's as though he be timing he yell to each scream of hers ... we see she mouth move with the SOUND of the s.s. man 's voice come from it ... she be scream Helmut ... as the s.s. man scream ... s.s. man move it ... move it ... move ... move ... hurry ... faster ... faster ... Helmut and the other man push ahead faster and faster ... with intercut of ada , tear stream down she face ... with cut of Helmut walk with he head down , embarrassed and shattered ... mo . - ada we move the camera slowly towards she , peer through the bar of the huge gate ... and as we move , we hear the door of the train slamm ... the whistle ... and the slow start of the locomotive move the train out of the station ... by the time we get to the ( choker ) of ada ... the train be almost out of listen range ... she drop she head , wipe she eye with she handkerchief , as we hear so .: s.s. man ( the same one at the gate who tell she to go away ) now I would be glad to help you , fraulein ... shall we start with a drink ? there be a lovely little bar around the corner ... during the above dialogue we see another s.s. man close and lock the gate to the train platform ... she look at this " pig " , then down and up as though she be examine a rare , never see insect ... and then right into he face ... and softly whisper : ada go away !! she turn and slowly walk the long walk down the empty station corridor as we dissolve to : int . there apartment - night ada be sit at the kitchen table , the table be empty , the light be low and we see the picture of a lonely heartbroken woman , she have a small bowl of soup in front of she and the spoon in she hand be do nothing more than swirl the soup around in the bowl ... she can not eat , which be evident and as she swirl the spoon around , we move in slowly and into the bowl of soup ( choker ) ... and hold on the spoon in the bowl as we straight CUT to : int . camp mess hall - insert - BOWL of slop - day we see wooden spoon do exactly what ada be do , just swirl the spoon around in what look like dirty water with a carrot in it , the bowl be chop and crack , the spoon be old and almost white from use ... the handle still retain its wooden look ... as we pull back we see Helmut be swirl the spoon in the slop ... behind he be a Guard just watch he action ... after a beat , the Guard tap Helmut on the shoulder ... guard tsk ! tsk ! tsk ! shame on you , doork ... shame ... do not you want to grow big and strong like I ? Helmut know he 's in trouble and just wait indifferently for the firework to start ... guard we must eat we food ! do we want uncle to feed the little man ? the guard pull the man next to Helmut out of he seat and practically throw he to the floor to make room for himself to sit down next to Helmut which he do ... he half turn he body towards Helmut and turn Helmut around in the same fashion so they be almost face one another . the Guard take the wooden spoon and fill it with the soup and proceed to feed Helmut ... he stuff the spoonful of soup into he mouth ... and Helmut take and swallow ... then the Guard take another spoonful and make believe he be blow it ( like a mother blow the hot soup not to burn the baby 's mouth ) ... and force the spoonful into Helmut 's mouth . guard ( continue to feed he as he put the spoon in he mouth ) and now one for aunt ada ... as the Guard use the name ada , Helmut bite down on the spoon and will not let it go ... but if look could kill ... he stare at the Guard with hate ... guard ( pull the spoon ) let go , doork , let go ... it 's the soup that make we big and strong ... not the spoon ... let it go ! Helmut still hold it clench in he tooth , and the Guard smack he face full force . Helmut let it go ... and hold he face , embarrassed and humiliate as any many would be ... guard ( continue ) now let 's try it again ... he fill the spoon and stick it toward Helmut 's mouth , but Helmut clenches he tooth keep he mouth shut . guard I say let 's try it again ... he shove the spoon into he lip , as the soup drip all over the front of Helmut 's shirt . the Guard use the spoon to clean the front of he shirt and force the liquid he take from the shirt front into Helmut 's mouth ... some of the man at the table and surround table feel for Helmut , other think it 's funny ... they laugh quietly . guard oh , I know why you be unhappy ... soup without bread be terrible ... the Guard take the large loaf of brown bread and rip a huge piece out of the center of the loaf and proceed to stuff Helmut 's mouth with bread , until he look like he cheek be eight time they normal size . guard be not that better ? now take some soup ... he push a spoonful of soup into he mouth which be so full , nothing can get in ... consequently the bread spill out , the soup spill out ... and he be a mess ... ( we play this scene for plot value , but it will work comically as well . ) helmut I have have enough , thank you ... no more , please ... the Guard just stare at he ... helmut please ! guard I be surprised at you , doork , you have be here two year now , you should have learn we , of the third Reich , never acknowledge the weak , sniveling , begging of you swine ... that 's all you be good for ... begging ... plead ... praying ... you be a disgrace to the human race . that 's why we of the superior race must do away with all of you ... the guard turn to the other man at the table , and go into one of he mentally unbalance tirade ... guard and we will ! we will ! do away with all of you . you be worthless pig ... with no courage , no gut , why if anyone do to I what I just do to doork I would kill he ! ( turn to Helmut ) why do not you kill I , doork ? go on ... kill I ... kill I ... take the knife from the table and kill I ... Helmut look at the knife on the table , pick it up , hold it in stabbing style , think about it ... and we know by he look , he would love to ... helmut ( with knife in hand ) I would kill you ... but I be get my release any day now ... and I will not do anything that would spoil my chance ... Helmut dig the knife into the table top and bury he head in he hand ... totally shook from the encounter ... guard you release ? he begin to laugh , but hysterically . guard release ? they tell I you be funny ... but I never realize just how funny you be ... release ???? and the hysterical laughter really echoe throughout the mess hall as the Guard make he way towards the exit . the man at the table slowly get up and exit the scene , as do the other at the surround table ... leave Helmut just sit there ... we pull back to reveal the empty mess hall , and the lonely sad body of Helmut , as he look around realize he 's alone , get up and slowly creep out of the hall like a puppy with he tail between he leg ... as we dissolve to : ext . prison yard - full shot - day there be two row of prisoner quarter , wooden building , weather beat each row consist of about a dozen barrack each ... join at the end , farthest from the camera by the administration building , a two story type make a " U " shape of the compound ... the entire yard be surround by two high wire fence about ten yard apart and fifteen foot high . at interval of about twenty - five yard , in the area between the fence , be the guard tower , each about eighteen foot above the ground equip with searchlight , siren , machine gun , with three Guards on duty . along outer fence , also about twenty - five yard apart , other powerful lighting equipment mount on high pole . it be morning and although the sun shine brightly it do not in any way alter the drabness of the compound ... nor do it help change the look of the man ... there be about three hundred man milling about , some still chew what be they breakfast , some pull brown bread from they shirt front and exchange bread for cigarettes or just make deal , one with another ... some sit along the barrack wall try to get some sun ... other walk in circle ... some talk , laugh , even play card ... do whatever they can to kill time ... pan the entire camp . at completion of the long pan introduce the prison camp , we pick up the sixtyish Johann keltner ( formally anderlich ) , a warm , sensitive look grey man , thin but with a dignity and a serenity about he ... he walk briskly ( and we know he would love to walk slowly and tiredly , but we can see he know he attitude and conduct will help that that can not help themselves ... ) his face tell we he be good , kind and the reason man want to live , he be special and he smile at all that he pass , greet the man and be generally what man wish he could be under the same circumstance ... he walk into the building , which we learn be the barrack ... int . barracks - day the barrack be empty ... keltner enter the huge room and look around and see Helmut at the other end of the barrack just walk back and forth like a cage lion ... angry , hurt , sad , and generally out of sort ... he can not even hear keltner approach he ... he finally stop at the back wall of the barrack and lay he head against the barrack wall ... helmut ( not aware keltner be behind he ) dear God , please hear I ! keltner he hear you , my son ... Helmut jump , scared ... throw he back against the wall , like a man who fear be attack at any time ... keltner ( sympathetically ) here , here , easy , you can not do this to yourself ... helmut you frighten I , Johann , I be sorry ... keltner ( softly ) you have nothing to be sorry for ... fear be not something control by man ... fear can not be confer with ... there be not anyway know to mankind where man can say to himself ... " I will not be afraid " ... oh , certainly man can try to fight it ... but faith and believe be man 's only chance ... you must have faith ... you must ! helmut I have faith ... but not always ... sometimes it elude I ... I can not remember to remember it . keltner but that 's natural ... you can not expect to be perfect in what you try to do ... helmut I do not know ... he start pace again . keltner I hear what happen at breakfast this morning with rothman , the guard ... Helmut spin around , frighten again ... helmut will they do something to I ? what have you hear ? keltner ( put he arm around he ) nothing , absolutely nothing ... do not worry about it ... I just want you to know that I believe you handle yourself admirably ... helmut that be one time I do not care for the laugh I be get from some of the man ... keltner of course you do not ... but I be sure you know man laugh for two reason ... one because something be funny ... two , because they fear show fear ... they laugh because " there but for the grace of God go I ! " helmut do you really think so ? keltner I be certain of it ! Helmut smile and take Johann 's hand , tenderly , and warmly : helmut thank you , Johann . I always feel so much better after you talk to I ... keltner I be glad , Helmut , I be very glad ... you know you can always talk to I , about anything ... helmut ( remember ) oh ! I almost forget ... Helmut put Johann around the back of the barrack area near the wall out of sight of anyone come in ... helmut before breakfast this morning , I speak to one of the guard , a very intelligent one , and he seem quite nice and friendly too . well , he say that the gestapo have set up a special review board to handle case just like mine . and he say he would get I a form , a special form . just be print up . and I be to fill it out . be not that good ? keltner look at he , like a child that believe in the boogie man : keltner how many time since you have be here , have you fill out form ? twenty ? thirty time ?? helmut ( in fast ) but this be different . it 's entirely new . Helmut take out a set of papers from he back pocket to show keltner . helmut see ? this be make up by the gestapo itself ... and the form will go directly to Berlin , to gestapo headquarters . that 's the important thing about this ... the gestapo 's in on it . that 's a very good sign . ( a beat ) be not it a good sign ? keltner ( sympathetically ) yes , my son , it be a good sign . helmut ( in fast , excited ; scan the papers ) and I have to be very careful of everything I put down on the form . the tiniest detail could make the difference . do not you agree ? Helmut look up and notice Johann be look up towards the ceiling of the barrack ... watch something ... Helmut look up , too . there Pov - the bird up and under the eave of the barrack just above they head , two small bird be perch ( apparently they fly in from outside and decide to nest there ) . back to helmut and keltner - two shot keltner be not it strange ? they be free to go anywhere they want , and they come here to nest . Helmut do not react to keltner 's dialogue , but go back to he crease and soile papers that he 's read a thousand time before , and read they again ... as he read ... keltner take a piece of brown bread from he shirt pocket and crumble it and throw the crumb up to the little bird ... he Pov - the bird they scramble to chew the crumb , and they do ... down shot - keltner watch . Johann just watch , smile at the bird , turn and look to see if Helmut be watch , too ... helmut - close intense at scan through the papers and totally oblivious to keltner and the bird ... keltner - close keltner ( softly ) watch the bird eat , Helmut ... it 's so cute ... helmut I be sure I have get everything here ... the important fact from the moment I be arrest , the question the gestapo officer ask I ... now what be he name again ? I can not seem to remember what he name be ... keltner helmut ... helmut what the devil be he name ? keltner ( louder ) helmut ! helmut ( come out of it ) oh , yes , Johann ... I be sorry ... you be say ? keltner you be not a religious man , be you , Helmut ? helmut ( think about it ) well , I ... ah ... keltner not sure I be myself anymore . Helmut quite surprised by this remark . keltner yet ... when I see that bird , I wonder ... be they send here to let we know this place really be not God forsaken ? helmut he should have send they elsewhere ... they could be eat here ! Helmut go back to study he papers , keltner ponder Helmut 's remark , look backup at the bird ... he face full of compassion , as we : dissolve to : int . barracks - night ( dusk ) we now see the barrack completely ( shoot from flat on ) , the wooden bunk be house in a low wooden building with eight two tier bunk on each side . a group of man be cluster around keltner 's bunk . here we meet : adolf , a large , once powerful man , in he mid thirty . ludwig , once a fairly prosperous businessman before he politics land he in prison , be older , and he bitterness be write all over he face . franz , be the youngest . he be a sensitive loo twenty five year old , more than likely the " rebel " type of the 1930s . Helmut be in he upper bunk over keltner write on a old piece of paper with a scruffy pencil , which he bite to make a point of , and wet with he tongue like any fat butcher sell liverwurst and mark the price on a brown paper bag ... ( i.e. Brooklyn , circa 1928 ) . we truck the camera down the long barrack to include the other man do they thing . a couple of man be get ready for a card game ... several other be compare clothing , mend and help one another , a couple play chess . a few be sleep , but for the most part , most of the man lay in they bunk stare at the ceiling ... the floor be spotless ... suffice to say they better be ... the wall have nothing hang but a few sock drying ... a tear calendar , wrong year , etc . close - keltner group Johann sit with he back to camera ... at the edge of he bunk , leave room on he bunk for adolph , ludwig , franz . he be show something to they that we can not see . keltner 's body cover whatever it be that the three man be gawk at , face camera ... and they be indeed gawk with delight and admiration . ludwig ( seriously ) I think we should eat it ! keltner not on you life ... ( catch himself ) er , that be ... I would not ... franz put it somewhere so it can brighten up the place . ludwig ( sourly ) it would take a hell of a lot more than that to brighten up this place . adolf it will be better than look at you long face . chuckle , keltner rise . we boom up with he , and as he head come up over the top of the bottom bunk ... he hold out the object for Helmut to see ... it be a potato , a sorry look spud ... that keltner have put in a small can of water and be beginning to sprout two sick - look shoot . keltner ( to Helmut ) do you see the way it 's sprout ... I tell you it be not completely rotten . helmut ( he mind on he thing ) that 's nice , Johann . do you remember when I fill out that last form ? the date might be important . keltner ( almost annoyed ) about four week ago , I think . looser shot as keltner walk away from Helmut 's bunk . keltner I will put it up here on the window sill , it will get the morning sun . he reach the window and start to reach up , to place the potato on the sill ... a hand shoot out hold the hand of keltner ... stout prisoner think you can trust you potato so close to I , reverend ? ludwig the potato he trust ... it 's you he do not trust ! all the man laugh , include the " stout prisoner " who laugh the loudest ... keltner hand the stout prisoner the potato , who in turn take same and place it gently on the window sill just adjacent to he bunk ... after place it on the sill , he gesture ala the trapeze artist after make a super truck , look for applause ... keltner pat he leg in a gesture of " thank you " . he start back towards he bunk when the front door of the barrack fling open and the Guard enter . guard attention ! the man jump , but quickly , to they foot , and stand at attention at the front of they bunk , ala inspection in the army . they be rigid and wait to hear what 's up . the Guard take a few step into the barrack ... behind he we see several prisoner carry bunk wait to enter the barrack . guard all the prisoner from the other side of the camp be be move over to this side of the camp over to this side of the camp . barrack " h " will make room for three additional bunk . he take a few step down the aisle ... guard I want all the bunk move down toward the far end . get they as close together as possible . now ! get moving ! long shot the man scramble back to they own bunk and immediately begin pull , shove , and grumble comment about be too overcrowded as it be ... the men ( ad lib ) gotta have more room ... we need more space ... hey , watch where you be go . this be stupid ! guard ( yell ) you ! you down there at the end ... get that bunk right up against the wall . close - helmut and keltner as bunk be move towards the far end of the barrack , keltner and Helmut prepare to move they bunk , the last one on they side . Helmut and Adolf , who have already make they move , come up to keltner to help he with he bunk ... Helmut see that keltner have help so he decide to back off and hide in he little corner with he pencil and scrap of paper ... totally involved with he own pain and he undy fantasy about he ultimate release ... wider shot - the entire barracks the guard look down the barrack as the man just about finish the move job ... guard hurry it up ! come on , get move ! the guard turn towards the door and motion for the six prisoner to enter the barrack ... they enter by pair , each pair carry a double - tier bunk . they personal belonging be pile on the bunk and sling over they shoulder in sack ( barrack bag ) ... the Guard motion for the two bunk to be place next to Helmut 's and one on the opposite side ... next to the Stout prisoner ... note : this arrangement leave space for one additional bunk right by the door . the guard motion for the Stout prisoner and herman to give the new arrival a hand with the placement of they bunk . guard get they close . ( he look around the barrack ) you be all go to be nice and cozy in here . stout prisoner ( in a loud voice ) yeah , like triplet before they be bear to a mother weigh 98 pound ... herman that 's what I call cozy ! the guard smile , and all the man laugh ... another angle the guard start for the door , satisfied with the arrangement ... as he get the door open , Helmut run over to catch he before he make he exit ... helmut ( anxiously ) Excuse I , sir , the papers ... do they arrive yet ? guard ( annoyed ) they will have to wait ! he exit , close the door behind he . Helmut , with a look of despair on he face , go back to he bunk . mo . shot - helmut and keltner helmut you would think , since he be come over here anyway , the least he could do be bring the papers with he . keltner this move man around have undoubtedly keep he very busy ... do not worry , he will bring they . helmut I be sure if I ask he again he would really become annoyed with I . would you remind he for I , please ? keltner ( kindly ) of course I will . Helmut climb up to he bunk and go back to he precious paper work . wider angle as the new prisoner make up they bunk and arrange they belonging , the regular of barrack h , among they Adolf , ludwig , herman and franz , begin move towards they to meet they . keltner turn to the new white - haire prisoner whose bunk be directly next to he . keltner I have see you around the yard , but the other ... white - haire man about thirty of they get here yesterday from the prison outside of Frankfurt . 1st new prisoner ( who occupy the bunk above the white - haire prisoner ) for the last three month we have be shuttle from one camp to another . 2 nd new prisoner ( he bunk be the lower bunk on the direct opposite side ) now they be shuffle we from one side to another . I think they be try to lose we . herman do you think they be bring in war prisoner ? ludwig I do not know why they be send they here ... we be overcrowded as it be . keltner no , no ... it 's get to be something else ... otherwise they would have leave the bunk . adolf it could be possible that he be fix up the barrack for some of he lady friend . keltner that many woman ? herman ( stand at attention ) reverend , we Germans be supermen ! all the man break out in laughter at herman 's comment and he action ... but the laughter be cut short as they hear the door open again , and they all look in that direction . another angle shoot over the man onto the door , enter be the same guard that be just there ... this time he enter with two more prisoner carry they bunk . one of they be josef galt , a burly bully like man , who know all the trick of survival , and ernst uhlmann , a think little man with a face like a weasel ... they follow the Guard into the barrack proper . guard attention ! the man quickly snap to attention . the guard indicate for galt and uhlmann to put the bunk in the space right by the door . galt we might as well be outside . uhlmann if I get pneumonia , I will hold the government responsible ! guard with a little luck , you will both get pneumonia ! the guard turn and move towards the door , stop , and turn to see all be well , and exit the door , close it behind he . galt sit on the lower bunk as uhlmann sprint up to the upper bunk and look towards the original man , who be just stand around watch the two new " fish " ... then man sense trouble and slowly and quietly return to they own bunk ... some of the other man just stare at the two new prisoner ... uhlmann ( sit on he bunk ) it 's sure quiet in here ... wider angle uhlmann in he surveying the barrack spot the potato plant on the window sill ... next to the Stout prisoner 's bunk ... he jump from he bunk and run over towards the plant ... he take it from the window sill and yell over to galt ... uhlmann hey , galt ! come over and look at this ! galt ( come over to uhlmann ) what be it ? uhlmann ai not it cute ? galt it 's a God damn posie ! he and uhlmann burst into laughter ... uhlmann look kinda sick , do not it ? galt ( examine it ) it 's one of they potato thing ... and it sure as hell be sick ! uhlmann maybe we should put it out of its misery . galt no , we do not want to do that ... we might break someone 's heart . he look around at the other prisoner . galt whose little plant be this ? the stout prisoner get up from he bunk and start to move forward and challenge galt ... but keltner jump from he bunk and get to galt first . keltner ( with deep conviction ) the plant be mine ! galt be it now ? tell I precious ... do you knit , too ? keltner if necessary , I can ... and I do ! this bring a ripple of laughter from the other ... particularly the new prisoner who be delighted at see someone stand up to galt for a change ... galt with a sneer on he face step out into the aisle to face keltner square on ! galt ( to uhlmann ) what do you think of that , uhlmann ... he knit ! uhlmann now , if he could just cook ... galt and uhlmann laugh , but they be the only one that do ... galt ( come out of the laugh ) can you cook , sweetheart ? keltner know damn well he can not fight the brute , yet he realize that if he step down , life not only for he , but for the other in the barrack will be intolerable under galt 's bully rule . ( during the follow dialogue , Adolf , franz , ludwig , herman and the Stout prisoner ... easy up a little closer to keltner and galt . ) keltner if necessary , I can cook , yes ! now , if you do not mind , I will take that plant ! he hold out he hand ... galt , wear a deceptive smile , eye the older man ... galt alright , old man , you really want it ? he raise he arm over he head with the plant in that hand . galt go get it !! close - keltner he look past galt at Helmut who be sit up on he bunk ... closer - keltner he look at Helmut . his eye try to encourage Helmut to do something , say something , do anything to show that he be on keltner 's side . close - helmut he sit up on he bunk , and want nothing to do with the bully and he prank ... so he go back to study he papers and look up again to catch keltner 's look of disappointment , and as keltner turn away from Helmut ... Helmut realize he should do something to show keltner he , indeed , care ... he jump down from he bunk and grab galt by the arm and turn he around ... they be now face to face ... helmut why do not you pick on someone you own size ... galt ( shocked , but pleased that he finally get a rise out of someone ) what ? helmut ( firmly ) you hear I ! give he he plant back , and leave he alone ... he do not bother you ... and if you have to show you muscle , there 's plenty of other guy to pick on ! galt you be my size ! ... and with this , galt smack Helmut a shot across the mouth that send he spilling into the corner , half knock unconcious ... he lay there with blood flow from he mouth ... keltner leave galt and run to the corner to see if Helmut be okay . galt follow he ... keltner be lean down check Helmut ... as galt bend down next to the two of they ... still hold the plant . galt he 's alright ... that will teach he to keep he nose out of my business ... here 's you plant ! galt make like he 's hand the plant to keltner , who reach for it , and as he do galt slowly stand up make keltner reach and reach and reach ... and as keltner get closer and closer , galt stand to he fullest height ... make it literally impossible for keltner to get it ... franz , ludwig , Adolf , herman and the Stout prisoner ( more than likely provoke by Helmut 's stand , now circle galt ) ... galt ( still hold the plant up high ) go on , little man , reach for it ! keltner , tear between see that Helmut be alright , and get he plant back , try to get it , and still look to see that Helmut be not hurt too bad ... herman ( in a low menace voice ) give it to he ! galt look at he with a menace stare ... adolf you hear he ... give it to he ! franz you have have you fun ... give it to he ... now ! stout prisoner ( close in on galt ) right now !! galt realize this be no time for a showdown ... and with a childlike smile ... grit he tooth ... galt sure , here 's you stupid flower or whatever you call it ... keltner take it from he . keltner thank you ... keltner lean down and pick Helmut up and walk he to he bunk , help he onto it , and put the plant on he own bunk ... another angle the four man : ludwig , Adolf , franz and herman stay with galt , as do the Stout prisoner ... they be cluster around galt . galt what 's the matter with you guy ? can not you take a joke ? adolf what joke ? galt Hell , all I be do be try to have a little fun . ludwig have it with someone else ! galt what 's so special about he ? adolf that 's the reverend . even when they come and drag he from he church ... he keep right on preaching against they until they knock he unconscious . galt be silent for a beat . galt well , how the hell be I suppose to know ? herman now you know ! galt shove he way through the five man and walk beat , for the moment , to he own bunk ... as the man disperse and walk back to they respective bunk ... close - galt and uhlmann galt walk over and sit at the edge of he bunk , while uhlmann swing he leg back and forth from he perch position on the top of he bunk ... galt give he a stare ... galt you and you posy ... uhlmann that be close ... galt where be you when I need you ? uhlmann I make love , not war ! ( go giggly over what he just say ) hey , that 's pretty good ... I make that up ... make love , not war ! I bet that would make a good slogan someday ... galt aw , shut up ! and he smack he leg up and onto the bunk . two shot - keltner and helmut keltner with a wet towel in he hand clean the blood - drip mouth of Helmut ... keltner that be really very nice of you , Helmut ... helmut yeah , nice and stupid ! Helmut grab the towel and throw it to the floor and turn on he side away from keltner . keltner bend down , get the towel , sit on the edge of he bunk ... look up , wonder and ponder Helmut as we dissolve to : ext . barracks h - night the door to barrack h slowly open and Helmut peek through the open to see that all be clear ... he slip out and walk along the dark , dreary alleyway towards the Guard 's shack ... he move like a prisoner try to miss the spotlight in a jail break ... another angle Helmut get to the Guards hut ... he look into the window , and see the Guard he want ... sit at he desk eat off a tray that have a meal fit for a king on it ... include the " doily " ... wine , and a steak that would satisfy six man in barrack h ... Helmut look around to be sure no one notice he and slowly slip up to the front door of the shack and knock on the door ... int . guard shack - night guard ( annoyed at be bother ) come in ! the meek and frighten Helmut enter the shack and walk over to the Guard 's desk , and he eye go immediately to the tray of food . while the Guard just stare at he ... somewhat shocked at he presence in the shack . guard ( break the silence ) what the hell be you do here ? who give you permission to leave you quarter ? Helmut try to talk as the guard get louder and louder . guard be you some kind of privileged character ? Helmut nod no ... guard then what be you do out of the barrack ? the frustration of not be able to answer , and the frustration of be hungry ... and the child - like treatment Helmut be get from this pig become emotionally too much ... as he scream ... helmut ( turn red ) if you will shut you stupid mouth maybe I can answer one of you question ! the Guard look at Helmut in disbelief ... but at the same time a little delighted at this chance to show he german superiority ... as he slowly get up from behind the desk and cross to Helmut , with a sneer that would frighten rommel ... guard ( nose to nose with Helmut ) I have a stupid mouth ? Helmut back away towards the door , and the Guard move closer and closer to he ... back he up against the door . helmut ( meekly ) I be sorry , I do not mean to raise my voice ... he bow he head in fear , as well as concern for what he might have do to he chance of release . guard the volume of you voice be not the issue ... it 's what come out of you mouth that disturb I ... maybe you need a little lesson in respect and courtesy ... and he smack Helmut across the face with he black glove ... guard ... and maybe I have be a little too soft with you ... he smack he again , harder ... the glove now feel like a sword to Helmut ... and he hand hang limp down by he side . guard you see , doork , I know why you come in here ... I know why you leave you barrack without permission ... it 's just that I have not hear you mention you release papers for so long I have hope I could hear you begging once more ... helmut ( in a whisper ) I be sorry ... guard ( mimick he ) I be sorry , I be sorry ... you be a sorry specimen of a human be ... that 's what you be ... and he smack he this time with all the force he can muster ... guard now , I will help you to you quarter , herr doork , here you will stay , and pray for release papers that may , or may not , ever come ... this wake Helmut 's soul and he become erect and stoneface at the word the guard just say ... this look infuriate the guard even more ... he grab Helmut by the scruff of the neck ... like grab a wet cat to be throw out of the house ... and he open the door and pull Helmut by the back of the office ... out the door , down the three step and onto the ground ... and pull he like a sack of potato to the barrack doorway ... ext . barracks h - doorway - night Helmut be just about beat at this point as the guard open the door of the barrack and pull Helmut into the doorway , and he body stop on the threshold . int . barracks h - night shoot over the man onto the doorway ... in the deep b.g. the sad body and figure of the man lay in the doorway , as the Guard kick he in the rib , unmercifully ... guard now , get inside where you belong and do not ever let I catch you do anything without permission again . Helmut slowly get up ... in pain and practically crawl to he bunk ... have to pass all the man , almost as though he be ashamed .. he get to he bunk , and try vainly to get up to the top where he life ... keltner help he ... and as he settles in he place ... close - the guard guard ( yell across the barrack ) reverend ! if you do not watch that idiot , we may have to get he a keeper ! the guard storm out the door ... slamm it shut . close - keltner and helmut keltner lean over the side of Helmut 's bunk whisper ... as the other man go back to they respective chore and whatever they be do when the guard storm in ... keltner Helmut , Helmut , how could you think of do such a thing ? I begge you not to irritate he ... and that I would ask he about you papers ... that be not smart , Helmut ... not smart at all ... as a matter of fact ... helmut ( gritting he tooth ) leave I alone ! ... and mind you own business ... just leave I be ... keltner know this be nothing more than Helmut 's dismay and pain in he heart talk ... the kindly man drop down to he own bunk ... just shaking he head ... as if to say , how can I help he ? as we : dissolve to : ext . barracks h - day the same Guard be motion for the man to hurry and get outside ... he be stand at the doorway to the barrack and the man be move out into the ice cold morning as briskly as they can ... the Guard move inside after the last man have make he exit ... int . barracks - day shoot over the Guard as he look around , we see keltner come out of the toilet area , rush because he 's late ... he throw he towel on he bunk , and as he do ... he see what stop he in he track ... keltner' Pov it be Helmut still sound asleep in he bunk ... another angle keltner move towards Helmut to wake he ... guard ( in a sotto voice ) reverend , let he sleep ... you move out , I will take care of this ... keltner reluctantly start to move out towards the front door , as the Guard pass he on he way to Helmut 's bunk ... keltner go out the door ... the Guard sneak over towards the bunk where Helmut be asleep and very sneakily slip the cover off Helmut 's body ... then proceed to open the window above he head and the window alongside ... and across the way and open the back door ... which be adjacent to the toilet area ... and walk out of the barrack leave the front door wide open ... ext . barracks h - day all the man be line up for inspection , they be all look straight ahead as the Guard walk down the line . all except keltner who can not help but look in the direction of the barrack where he know Helmut be still sleep . he throw a glance at the guard as if to say ... why ? why be you do this ? why do he leave Helmut sleep , usually the one thing that would send the guard up a wall ... why be he allow this to happen ? guard ( as he finish he walk ) you be a sick look group of thing ... I can not even call you human ... because you be not ... you be all lice ... dismissed ! the man break up and go about they business , they move in all direction , but keltner start for the doorway to the barrack and be detour by the guard who know he would , as he stand in the way of keltner who have to turn away and go about he business ... the Guard peek into the barrack . int . barracks - guard be Pov - day Helmut still sleep ... ext . barracks - close - guard - day he be delighted ... he grab the door and slam it shut with a bang that would wake the dead ... then open it again and walk off ... int . barracks - close - helmut - day he jump from out of he hard sleep ... foggy and unsure about where he be , what time it be and he look around and see the barrack be empty ... and he panic ... but he be also shiver ... the barrack feel like the inside of a meat truck refrigerate somewhat below zero ... Helmut grab he pants from the front of he bunk , pull the cover over he and try to get the pants on under the cover ... it be cold ! ( photographically , we can show " cold " ... props : vapor / smoke . ) he get he pants on and jump down onto the cold floor and dance from the ice- like floor , he bend down look for he sock and shoe ... he wear just a tee-shirt ... have trouble find both shoe , he grab the blanket again and cover himself with it , while search for the other shoe ... he find the other shoe and proceed to put they on ... take a beat and see he have no sock on ... reach under the bank and pull out the pair of sock ... which stand straight up ( from the cold ... he hold they in the air , and drop one at a time and they sound like " pan " hit the floor ... he take one and blow warm air from he mouth into the sock , one at a time , which warm they ... ( props : the sock need discussion ! ) he then proceed to put he shoe on and put one on , and then the other ... now wear both shoe he start to tie the lace ... he pull they straight away to tie and they stand straight up ! ( props : this be do with leather lace , pure leather ... it work without any unnecessary rigging ! ) insert - the stand straight lace back to scene he finally get they tie and start , still sleepily , into the toilet area ... ( we can go for a great sound joke here . ) he step into the latrine , close the door and we hear the SOUND of crush ice be pour into the bowl ... he flush and we hear what might sound like a ice crusher ... he step out of the latrine and walk over to the basin and turn the water on . insert the water spigot ... they both read " cold " . back to scene and as he take some water on he hand to he face ... it be " cold " and he face just freeze from the pain of the cold ... he look around and see the little metal ashtray , that look like a small bowl or a tin from a use shave cream lather soap ... he fill it with water .. and to show he ingenuity , he take a lighter from he pocket , place the tin on the edge of the sink and light the fire under the tin ( which could not possibly hold more than a handful of water ) and proceed to heat same ... once he be satisfied that it be at least warmer than the spigot supply , he grab for the tin which be so hot from the burn , he scream in another type pain ... the pain of " hot " hurt ... he decide to flick he finger in the tin bowl and splash some of the water on he face ( which be by now , just drip of water ) ... brushes he tooth with he finger and soap ... straighten he hair and exit the toilet to he bunk to get he shirt ... another " ice cold " item ... he feel how cold it be , and do not have the courage for another climate blast ... he roll up he shirt and place it under he armpit to warm it ... as it hit under he arm ... the cold just about wipe he out ... he decide to sit on it ... and he do . close - the guard - at the door he 's be peek all the while ... he figure he 's have he laugh , and it 's the first time we see he can laugh ... he step into the barrack area , and yell : guard doork ! move it out , and on the double !! Helmut jump with fright , unravel he shirt , run towards the open door put on he shirt as we dissolve to : int . barracks h - night most of the man be cluster around they bunk , and in the dull light we see some of they in the aisle , talk , play card ... while most of the other be whistling , clap , and laugh as uhlmann do he silly little clog dance ... it be apparent the ugly episode between galt and uhlmann have be forget for the moment . the light be hang from cord down off the ceiling and for a complex this size it could use ten ... there be but two . uhlmann be have the time of he ignorant life ... the more the man applaud , the more he " clog dance " . mo . close shot - ludwig and adolf they be both seat on they top bunk , Adolf enjoy the poor dance uhlmann be give as ludwig look down the aisle towards Helmut 's bunk . ludwig ( nudging Adolf ) it look like Helmut find some new ear to listen to he Super Star fantasy ... Adolf take a look , shrug he shoulder , as if to say I could not care less ... and go on watch the action of uhlmann and the other man ... ludwig ( to himself , but for Adolf to hear as well ; a la Shakespeare , mimick Helmut ) ringling Brothers would have do anything for I to appear with they but I have to do what be best for I ! close - helmut and the four new prisoner the four new man be surround Helmut on the top of he bunk listen to he brag . helmut so I tell Mr. ringling if he want " Helmut " he would have to bring he circus to Germany ... I be a german , I tell he , and my responsibility be to my own people who be my biggest fan . 1st prisoner ( new one ) do you really say that ? helmut ( proudly ) of course I do ... they offer I anything ... anything I want to go with they . 2 nd new prisoner hey ! I see the circus in Berlin about four year ago ... do not you make you entrance in a long tail coat with a pair of tail on the jacket about fifty foot long ? sure ! and a funny Little clown at the very end carry the tail like a woman 's train ? Helmut study the prisoner glare and decide he could not even remember the clown he see be gustav the great , why not ? no one would ever know ... and he nod with a kind of study humility ... yes . 2 nd new prisoner you be great ! Helmut eat it up . 2 nd new prisoner you should have see he ... you would never know it be he ... with the long tail and white tie ... red nose ... long hair ... and a batter top hat ... with the hair hang way down to he shoulder ... and , ah , let I see ... oh , yeah ... you mouth go from ear to ear . helmut ( softly ) right ! 3rd new prisoner how do " clown " ever come up with such idea for face and make -up ? helmut it do not happen overnight ... it take year and year ... you try many face , then finally you hit the one that 's just right for you . 4 th new prisoner my kid will never believe this , I can not wait to ... tell ... his voice trail off as he realize the hopelessness of what he be about to say . this put a damper on the discussion and the man start to break up and get down off the bunk . Helmut , see he captive audience leave ... panic . helmut ( emotionally ) wait , let I tell you some other thing ... I mean thing that be really exciting and ... please ! please ... let I just have a few more ... 1st new prisoner ( ignore Helmut completely ) what 's go on with that guy ? he 's look off down the aisle where uhlmann have he audience ... the four prisoner move out into the aisle to get a better look , leave Helmut perch on he bunk with a plead and break look of despair ... helmut ( a last attempt ) do you know " clown " literally bequeath they face to they son , or sometimes to ... he realize it 's futile as the four new prisoner move towards uhlmann and the other down the aisle ... 3rd prisoner come on , let 's see what 's such fun ... he move and the other move along with he . Helmut think about join they , and start to move off he bunk but he body will not respond ... he just hang there limply ... he head lower , a sad man . another angle shoot over the man place Helmut in the very deep b.g. as we see the four new prisoner walk over to watch the action ... mo . close - uhlmann , galt , keltner , and other uhlmann be just finish he dance with a spin , when he finally get dizzy and topple over on one of the bunk . all the man applaud wildly . uhlmann lay half down and half up on the lower bunk he land on , breathe heavily ... yell over to galt ... uhlmann hey , galt , it 's you turn , how about doin ' one of you belly dance for we ? all the man agree and start yell for galt to do it ... galt move out into the center of the aisle in the clear make by the man , and hold up he hand for silence ... they quiet down and galt look around until he spot keltner . galt reverend ? the man become very still , they look from galt to keltner and back to galt , they eye reflect suspicion of he , wonder what he 's up to now . galt be fully aware of this . galt well , reverend , what do you think ? would a little belly - dance be too much for the boy ? keltner study galt for a beat , then accept he offer of a truce . keltner ( move over towards galt ) a little fun be what we need ... so ... if you will all hold the noise down , I will join in . a hushed cheer go up from the man as keltner stand besides galt . galt hold he hand over he head and nod for keltner to do the same thing . the reverend do , and now galt begin undulate he hip . keltner study the move for a beat and then do the same thing but with comical awkwardness . franz start play a slow sensuous rhythm on he harmonica . the man clap and whistle softly . close shot - helmut he be sit upright on top of he bunk , watch what galt have keltner do , a look of disgust pass he face as he turn away from what he would be watch and get busy with he papers and figure again . mo . shot - galt , keltner they be just finish they dance . the man applaud wildly but softly ... keltner , puffing , move over to the side and sit on one of the bunk to catch he breath . galt take a few bow , and the man react with applause and whistling that 's beginning to take on " noise " proportion ... keltner motion for the man to hold it down ... and they do . 4 th new prisoner say , why do not we get the clown to do something ? galt a clown ? who 's a clown ?? herman you have hear of " Helmut doork " . that 's he down there ! ludwig do not waste you time . you will never get the great doork to do anything . wider shot as he start walk towards Helmut 's bunk ... 1st new prisoner oh , I be sure he will ! the other follow right behind . there be a look on keltner 's face like he would like to stop they , but between he puffing and he certainty that Helmut will be alright , he stay where he be . close - adolf as he walk with the other . adolf you be waste you time . he do not perform for the like of we ... he will turn you down . ludwig he 's right , we have be ask he for three year ... I have a feel he only do he little routine for the crown head of Europe . adolf and , of course , the big head of Berlin . there be general laughter ... as the group arrive at Helmut 's bunk . close - helmut he see something 's go to happen , he put he papers away and sit upright ... wait ... he eye catch galt 's eye peer at he . galt tell it all with he eye ... this one be not " sacred " to the man ... he might just be the pigeon galt 's be hope for ... the one every bully look for , for he own brand of fun . 1st prisoner how about it , doork ? helmut ( swinging he leg around ready to jump down ) I would like to , but I can not ... really ... I can not . galt ( strongly ) can not ? do I hear you say you can not ? helmut ( it stop he in he track ; he stay up on the bunk ) I would like to do something ... but ... ( point to the 2nd New prisoner ) he can tell you ... he 's see I work ... I need prop ... make -up ... I work with a lot of different thing ... 2 nd new prisoner that 's right ... I do ... and he do ! helmut ( in fast ) sure , tell they ... I can not just do anything ... I need light , prop , my costume . galt do not like no for a answer ... galt ( gritting he tooth ) now , I and this ... gentleman ... we do not expect you to do you " act " , just a little something that will give we a laugh , that 's all . keltner move in from o.s. and stand at the back of the group watch and listen . ludwig ( to all the man ) aw , forget it ... and that 's probably he problem ... he 's forget how ! galt ( try to suck he in ) wait a minute , you guy ... show people have to be in a mood ... ( to franz ) play a little music , like in a circus ... franz start play he harmonica ... slowly ... galt there ! ai not that nice ? do not it put you in a mood ? helmut ( get feed up ) I told you ! I need thing to do my act . 2 nd new prisoner hey , doork , what about that drunk routine ... that be funny ... Helmut look at he puzzle ... he can not think or remember anything at this point ... certainly not anything relate to any of the previous lie he 's tell ... galt ( pacify he head off ) yeah , that drunk thing ... that do sound funny ... helmut I still need many thing ... prop and ... 2 nd new prisoner ( puzzle ) I do not remember you use anything in that drunk routine . galt ( start to fume ) hey ... be you try to fool we ? with this keltner move in and up to galt . keltner leave he alone ! galt stay out of this , reverend . we be not do anything ... we just want he to join in the fun . uhlmann ( to the man ) right ! if a reverend can give we a laugh , why not a clown ? all the man ad lib they agreement with what uhlmann just say ; it appear that they be all on galt 's side , and keltner know it . keltner ( to Helmut , softly ) it do not have to be anything special ... a little dance , maybe ? helmut ( take it all out on keltner ) like that disgusting exhibition you do ? oh , no ... not I ! 4 th new prisoner go on , doork , so I can tell my kid . helmut can not you get it through you head , I need ... galt ( firmly ) we need you to give we a laugh . galt grab Helmut 's jacket and pull he off the bunk , nose to nose to he ... galt so ... try ! galt have Helmut by the neck portion of the jacket , practically choke he to death ... he vice - like hand be close in on he throat and Helmut 's try vainly just to breathe ... one of the prisoner start pound he foot and make a march - like noise yell from the other end ... " so try ! " ... " so try ! " ... " so try ! " ... " so try ! " ... the other prisoner in the barrack pick up the chant and the stomping ... keltner do not even hear the racket they have start because of he concern for Helmut be choke to death ... he try to loosen galt 's hand from Helmut 's throat . keltner that 's enough , leave he alone ! galt stay out of it , reverend ! galt spin Helmut around so that he back be face the aisle and he walk he into the center area ... the other man feel this violence happen , and watch . Helmut be choke , triggers all of they venom and they hate and they really come on strong ... stomping , yell ... the men ( ad lib ) choke he harder ... see if that 's funny ! make he dance ! hey , doork !... be funny now ! he do not look so funny to I ! he sure as hell look funny to I ! hey , galt , pull he string and make the dummy funny ! and they stomp and they stomp and they stomp ... " so try ! " ... " so try ! " ... they get louder and louder ... Helmut be kick he leg , which be off the ground , and galt will not let go . close - helmut his face be turn color ... he have not a lot of air leave in he lung ... and keltner be practically hang onto galt try to get he hand loose ... and galt could carry another three man without bat a eye . galt put he down slowly , in the middle of the aisle , so that just he foot touch the ground , but he keep he hand around he throat . galt you public be call , clown ... now , clown ! wider shot shoot over galt , keltner and Helmut , we see the door of the barrack slam open and bang against the wall make more noise than anything all the man make together , and they all freeze ... mo . close - the guard he stand in the doorway , leg spread apart , hand on he waist ... and he be wear a raincoat , the barrack have become totally silent ... all that be hear be the rain peck away on the roof . galt have let go of Helmut who just lay on the floor with galt and keltner on both side of he ... guard ( walk slowly into the barrack ) what be go on here ? ( to Helmut ) on you foot ! Helmut get up , dizzily , just about get oxygen back into he system ... galt ( like a little boy ) he be show we some of he funny clown fall ... the Guard survey the face of the other as they stare back . guard because of all the noise come from in here -- I have be call up front to explain ... I do not like to be call up front ... I do not like to have to explain ... ( menacingly ) and , you might not like it , either . ( a beat ) back to you bunk , all of you ... turn out the light , and keep it quiet ! as the guard turn to the door to go , Helmut take a step forward about to stop the guard , keltner grab he arm and turn he the other way ... the Guard exit close the door , quietly behind he ... the man start to disperse ... galt give Helmut a " I will get you for this " look and return to he own bunk with uhlmann almost up he ass follow ... keltner lead Helmut back to they bunk . helmut ( whisper ) I be just go to ask he about the form ... my release ... keltner ( shaking he head ) that be not the time , believe I ! keltner sit Helmut down next to he on he lower bunk , as Helmut rub he throat , and try swallow a few time ... keltner hurt much ? helmut ( beat ) no , I be alright ... thank you . they both sit in silence ... Helmut break the silence ... helmut Johann , why do they pick on I ? I have never do anything to they . keltner you have never do anything for they ! Helmut dislike keltner 's remark and get up from the lower bunk and start up to he . he get to the top bunk and start to get onto it , stop and whisper to keltner . helmut you think I should have perform ? keltner the man would have appreciate it . Helmut roll into he bunk , the light go out and he lie on he back stare at the ceiling . keltner sit on the side of he bunk and take he shoe off ... periodically the ray from the searchlight revolve outside cross the window to momentarily flood the barrack with light . after a few second , Helmut lean over to whisper to keltner . helmut Johann ! keltner ( he stand up , eye level with Helmut ) what be it ? helmut they do not believe I , do they ? I mean about be a clown ? keltner oh , I would say you have convinced most . however -- ( a long beat ) there be one you have not convinced ... Helmut stare at keltner , know full well what 's come ... yet do not have the courage to take the chance that it might be another think ... so he wait ... keltner ( gently ) you , Helmut ... you ! close - helmut the truth of keltner 's charge hit Helmut with a overpower force . he look at keltner for a beat ... he eye fill with pain , then slowly turn away from he , leave he stand there as we pan with Helmut and hold on ... close - the window the rain be pour down . dissolve to : full shot - yard - day it be the next morning , a chilly , damp day follow a night of rain . loudspeaker ( o.s. ) attention ! attention ! all prisoner will assemble immediately in the yard . all prisoner will assemble immediately in the yard . attention ! attention ! the loudspeaker repeat the command . across the muddy , puddle splotched yard , a barb wire barricade about six foot high have be erect , divide the camp in two . a number of guard patrol the fence on both side . ext . barracks h - window - day uhlmann be look out into the yard . he motion to someone to " take a look at this " . int . barracks h - day galt have just arrive at the window where uhlmann be stand . uhlmann they have put up barb wire ! mo . shot - favoring helmut , keltner they look at each other in wonder as they start into the aisle . the man in the barrack be frantically try to organize themselves . ext . prison yard - day the prisoner be pour out of the barrack doorway . galt and uhlmann be already stand outside as Helmut , keltner , herman , Adolf , franz , ludwig , Stout prisoner , New prisoner , join they . all look o.s. momentarily speechless at what they see . galt what the hell ... ? full shot - yard - prisoner ' Pov Beyond the fence we see man , woman and child stand in group near the barrack on that side of the camp . the SOUND of child cry can be hear . various shot - men as they quickly scurry to line up in front of they own hut . stout prisoner youngster ! they have get youngster over there . young prisoner woman ! adolf another fence ! mo . shot - prisoner - favoring keltner Helmut stand next to he . helmut what do it mean ? what do they need a fence for ? keltner ( shaking he head ) misery love company . look like they be go to deny we even that . the Guard be shove the late-comer into place . guard all right . all right , move . hurry it up . move . another angle shoot across the prisoner in f.g. toward the new fence . Guards move among the man , herding they into line . on the other side of the fence , we can see the new arrival lining up , be prodd into place by Guards . long shot - prison yard - day on both side of the fence , the prison inmate have assemble in the wet , forbidden yard . on one side be the regular prisoner , who watch the guard warily as they straighten they line . on the other side be the new prisoner -- about two hundred frighten Jews of all age , include thirty or forty child and a number of very old man and woman . they stand in absolute silence as the loudspeaker blare again , except for the cry child . loudspeaker attention ! the commandant issue the follow special order : the north side of the camp be now temporary quarter for non - Aryan prisoner . fraternize between Aryan and non - Aryan prisoner be strictly prohibit . any violation of this order will be severely punish . Heil Hitler ... repeating ... another angle shoot through the boot , outspread leg of a soldier guard in f.g. toward the line of prisoner behind he . one woman hold a child of about three who cry inconsolably . loudspeaker the commandant issue the follow special order : as the announcement be read , the guard 's leg turn around , and he walk away from the camera toward the woman . he stand before she menacingly , and she clutches the child closer to she in a futile attempt to hush its cry . loudspeaker the north side of the camp be now temporary quarter for non - Aryan prisoner . fraternize between Aryan and non - Aryan prisoner be ... mo . shot - prisoner shoot along line of prisoner from barrack h to show they various reaction as the announcement continue -- disdain , surprise , sympathy and relief . the guard stand with he back to the line at the end farthest from the camera . galt be near the camera . galt ( under he breath ) Jews ! prisoner nearest to galt eye he questioningly . loudspeaker ... strictly prohibit . any violation of this order will be severely punish . Heil Hitler . the loudspeaker go dead . the prisoner stand silently study the new arrival across the yard . the new prisoner self - consciously file back into they hut on the other side of the fence . as the prisoner begin to break rank -- guard prisoner from barrack h remain in line . barrack h will remain in line . the prisoner turn and look in direction of the Guard as they straighten they line . the guard pace slowly along the line inspect it silently . on the fringe of the scene , we can see prisoner from other barrack gather to see what they fellow convict be in for . mo . close shot - guard finally he stop and contemplate he shabby charge with disgust . guard I say last night I do not think I would enjoy be call up to account for the noise come from barrack H. I can tell you this morning I do not enjoy it . he walk down the line , look at each man . guard I do not know what cause the trouble last night , but I be not blame you entirely . ( fatherly ) I fail you . I should have see that you all have much too much energy for the confine life you lead here . ( he smile benevolently ) guard we be go to correct that . I have be tell that energy come from food . mo . shot - prisoner they face reflect that they know what be come . another angle shoot past the line of prisoner in f.g. to the Guard , who have pause to let he word sink in . guard so ... to help you ... all ration be cancel for the next ... forty - eight hour . a hushed ripple of ad lib grumble and growl roll along the line of prisoner . guard and , if that do not quiet you down , I will think of some other idea you will like even less . I be go to make this barrack the quietest in the camp . ( roaring ) be that clear ? the prisoner be silent but they face register they resentment . guard now , do not blame I . ( with sly meaning ) I do not start the trouble last night . the truth of what he have say be reflect in the face of the man . guard fall out . another angle - favoring helmut , keltner as they stand with the other prisoner , watch the guard move off . keltner look worried , the other be angry , Helmut seem undecided as he eye follow the guard . herman bastard ! stout prisoner I can not go without food . I will starve . suddenly Helmut make up he mind and start off after the Guard . keltner , sense the mood of the man , put a restrain hand on he arm , whisper to he hoarsely . keltner Helmut , do not . but Helmut shake he off and hurry away . the other prisoner notice where he be head and exchange look . keltner shake he head . galt 's eye narrow as he watch Helmut run off after the guard . galt ( loudly ) he 's the one we can thank for the diet . mo . shot - guard - moving the camera move backward as the Guard stride toward it , he face sour . behind he we can see Helmut run to catch up to he . when he be close enough ... helmut sir? corporal ... the guard stop and turn so abruptly that Helmut almost run into he . guard what ? helmut ( obsequiously ) doork. Helmut doork. remember ? the papers ... you say ... remember the special form for the gestapo to review my case . guard no papers . he stalk off . Helmut start to say something more but think better of it . crushed , he start back towards he barrack , head down . he walk sadly for several step , then look up and stop , he expression change to one of uneasiness . mo . shot - prisoner - helmut Pov a dozen of Helmut 's barrack - mate , include galt , uhlmann , Adolf , ludwig , herman , the Stout prisoner , several of the New prisoner , be drift across the yard towards he , and the look on many face bode no good for Helmut . full shot - helmut , prisoner the man converge and form a half circle around he . as the man close in on he , he move back until we cna see the barb wire fence behind he . Helmut sense they disposition and remain warily silent . keltner and franz stand slightly behind the pack . galt what would you say now , Mr. doork , almighty ! ( to man ) last night he would not give we a laugh . today they will not give we food . ludwig ( venomously ) what be you do ? make a deal with you guard pal to slip you some food ? helmut ( indignantly ) no ! I be ask he about the form he would promise to get I . ( admonish ) because of last night ... I be not get they . keltner , see how disappointed Helmut be , move up through the group . keltner ( encouragingly ) when this blow over , Helmut , we will ... ludwig ( interrupt ) do not feel sorry for he . he 's get no one to blame but himself . the whole thing be he do . adolf he 's be tell we how great he be ; how funny . why ? why could not he have do a trick or two for we ? uhlmann the reverend do a turn . what 's so special about he ? the man voice agreement ... Helmut should have perform . Helmut start to go around one end of the semi-circle but the man bar he way . keltner do not start anything here . we be in enough trouble . the other prisoner in the b.g. , that who have remain in the yard to see what be go to happen to the man of barrack h , sense trouble , the kind they want no part of , and begin scurrying back to they own barrack . uhlmann we be not start anything , we be finish something . galt we have decide doork here be go to keep we laugh so hard we will not be able to hear we stomach growl . stout prisoner better hurry it up , clown . ' Cause my stomach 's growl already . can you hear it ? herman hear it ! the whole place hear it . the man take a few step toward Helmut as they call for he to perform . men yeah , doork , do a trick . how about that night in munich when they would not stop laugh . how about it , doork ? come on , just a little trick . give we one laugh . that 's all we be ask for . come on , Helmut , do something . Helmut , hope to stall the inevitable , still hope to preserve for a while longer he beautiful myth of be a great clown , hold up he hand for the man to be quiet . franz interprete the gesture as give in to the demand of the man ... franz ( excitedly ) he 's go to do it ! he 's go to do it ! the man quiet down and move back a few step to give Helmut room . helmut ( grandly ) nothing please a artist more than to perform . I be go to do a real show for you . all I ask be that you give I a little time ... time to get thing together ... thing I can use as prop ... I will even try to make a costume , and ... adolf you do not need a costume . we have get imagination . ( to men ) right ? murmur of agreement . herman do the drunk pretzel like the kid suggest last night . galt ( commanding ) and do it now , clown . no more stalling . Helmut , still try to hold on to he dream of greatness , draw himself up proudly and begin to move forward . helmut let I through . adolf be not we good enough for you ? ludwig he would do he trick fast enough if he guard pal ask he . would not you , doork ? as the mention of the word " guard " the mood of the man turn ugly . mo . shot - prisoner - helmut Pov they face show they determination that Helmut will perform or ... else . keltner do something , Karl . for God 's sake , do something . galt and be sure it 's funny . mo . shot - helmut , galt Helmut be frighten . he strain to look beyond the man for help . he open he mouth to scream for the Guard , but galt put he hand over Helmut 's mouth . galt ( he face press close to Helmut 's ) you make we scream ... scream with laughter ... or I will tear you to shred on the wire . galt press Helmut right up to the barb wire fence so he can feel the barb in he back . full shot - helmut , men galt take he hand away from Helmut 's mouth . Helmut do not utter a sound . he know that galt and the man mean business and he now must do something . he nod he head . helmut all right ... all right . the man move back to give he room . frantically , he try to think of something to do ... he know it must be great ... or else he myth will explode . he walk around in a little circle , try , try to think of something . finally he face they . he bow he leg and pretend he 's a bow -legge man try to walk a high wire , but he 's so frighten the result be pathetic , not funny . pan shot - prisoner the camera work across they face , which be expressionless . mo . shot - helmut see that he be get no reaction from he " audience " , Helmut try something else . he pull he shirt over he head and walk around like a headless man . he pretend to trip over some unseen object , peer through the front of he shirt at it , and stamp on the object . again he try to walk over it , and again he slip . mo . shot - helmut , men as Helmut start to repeat the same routine , many of the man be openly contemptuous . galt wear a smirk . keltner , unable to watch Helmut 's degradation , move away . other express they disappointment , they disdain . men if he 's Germany 's great clown , God help the fatherland . doork , the great ! you get pay for that ? to go without food be bad enough , but to have to watch that ! 2 nd new prisoner ( accusingly ) you be not the clown I see . you lie . you be big all right . a big liar . 4 th new prisoner ( contemptuously ) and I be go to tell my kid ! uhlmann he 's no clown . not even a bad one . helmut I be . I be a clown ! they move away from he . helmut ( continue ) give I a chance . I just get start . but the man continue to walk away . Helmut try to do a hand stand , but he hand slip in the mud , and he land ignominously on all four . when he look up , only Adolf , galt and uhlmann remain . adolf ( sadly ) that 's what we have be eat we heart out to see ! ( a beat ) you stink . you really stink . helmut I ... I slip . I can do it . see the disbelief on they face , Helmut become almost hysterical . he be still on he knee . helmut I be a clown . I be . I be . he pound on the ground in frustration . galt spit contemptuously , and the three start to leave . galt turn back , look down at Helmut . very deliberately , he come forward to stand at a mud puddle . galt doork the great . with that he kick a shower of mud directly into Helmut 's face . close shot - helmut the mud splatter over he face . he cry out . his hand go to he eye instinctively . he kneel there , rock back and forth in misery . then from o.s. , we hear a tiny , tentative laugh -- the tiniest laugh ever hear . Helmut look up quickly . he be not sure that he hear it . then it come again , a little stronger . he look around quickly to see who have come back to taunt he , to ridicule he . long shot - prison yard - helmut Pov the yard be empty except for a few prisoner from other barrack way off on the other side . close shot - helmut he be puzzle . then again he hear the laugh o.s . he turn slowly to look behind he . mo . shot - boy - helmut Pov on the other side of the fence stand a wide - eye boy of about eight , who be watch Helmut timidly . the rag youngster laugh again , hesitantly , as if unsure what Helmut be do be suppose to be funny , but find it so nevertheless . close shot - helmut he look uncertainly at the youngster . be the child ridicule he , too ? he lean over the mud puddle and look at he reflection . he like what he see . the mud on he face look almost like a primitive clown mask . very deliberately Helmut scoops up more mud and put a blob of it on the end of he nose . he wait for the child 's reaction . close shot - boy his eye be laugh , but he little lip be press tight together . he have be teach not to make sound ... not even sound of laughter . but finally what he be look at become too much for he and the laughter spill out between he lip as they form a smile . he laugh delightedly now , satisfied that Helmut be be purposely amusing . two shot - helmut , boy Helmut get to he foot , bow slightly and stiffly to the child , and then attempt another hand stand . this time he hold himself up for a moment and then deliberately allow himself to fall on he back in the mud . close shot - helmut as he land , he quickly glance off towards he barrack , but from the look of disappointment on he face , we know that none of he barrack mate be watch . when he hear more laughter from o.s. , he quickly roll on he side to look . mo . shot - child - helmut Pov two more youngster have join the first , and all be laugh excitedly . the first child jump up and down , clap he hand . wider angle - from the fence - favoring helmut Helmut get up and bow , more deeply this time , a tribute to the child 's vindication for he claim that he be a clown . he turn toward the direction of he barrack . helmut ( scream at top of voice ) come back , damn you , come back . the child ... they be laugh . they be laugh . I be a clown . I be a clown . he turn back to the child and again bow . he quickly lean down , look at he reflection in the puddle , and scoops up a handful of mud which he plaster on he nose to make a bulbous , artificial proboscis . he turn back to the child and in pantomime , pretend to see a fly buzzing about and try to swat it . the imaginary fly buzze closer . the camera move up to -- close shot - helmut as the " fly " land on he nose . he look cross -ey at the mud blob , then swat at it . the blob fall off . mo . shot - child there be now nine or ten youngster at the fence , all squealing with delight . close shot - helmut he bow again , and as he head come up he look o.s. toward he barrack , still hope that someone will be watch he " great " success . when he turn back to the child , we see that he continue to smile -- while tear course down he cheek through the mud still cake on they . dissolve to : ext . mess hall - day the last barrack on the open end of the camp on the political prisoner ' side . outside the building be a low counter arrangement with two prisoner behind it serve mush and black bread to a long line of man , all of whom carry bowl and spoon . this time in mid- July , three week after the incident at the fence . the day be bright and hot . we angle favor Helmut as he near the prisoner who be serve up the mush . mo . shot - helmut as he move up to be serve and hold out he bowl . the prisoner - messman spoon a blob of mush into it . then he look around quickly and , before Helmut can pull back he bowl , slop another half spoonful into it with a wink at Helmut , who give he a grateful smile in return . Helmut move on to the bread server , who give he a big grin as he slip two piece of bread into the bowl on top of the mush . Helmut hurry away , the camera following he . he walk strangely , as if have trouble control he own foot . Helmut duck around the corner of the barrack nearest the mess hall , then peer cautiously back into the main yard . satisfied that he have not be notice , he quickly put one piece of bread into he pocket and take out he spoon . holding the second piece of bread beneath the bowl , he wolf down a few mouthful of the mush . then he smooth out the remainder with the spoon to make the mush appear untouched . he place the one slice of bread back on top of it , and study the end result . nodding approval , he lick he spoon clean and put it back in he pocket . he go back around the corner of the barrack into the main yard and head for the next building . close shot - bare feet this pair of massive foot be the property of the Big prisoner , a massive hulk of a man . old prisoner voice do not know how you can go without shoe . sole of my foot be too sensitive . the camera pan upward to the Big prisoner and a Old prisoner , sit against the side of they hut . the Old prisoner , a frail man , with shirt off , be finish he mush . big prisoner it 's my stomach that 's sensitive . old prisoner ( look o.s. , smile ) here come you second help . as Helmut 's foot walk into frame and stop next to the Big prisoner , we see the reason for he peculiar walk . he be wear a pair of enormous shoe , many size too large for he and cut open along the sole from the toe to the instep so that they flap as he move along . another angle as Helmut join they and hold out he bowl of bread and mush to the Big prisoner . helmut here . still grin , the Big prisoner put he empty bowl on the ground beside he and take Helmut 's bowl . holding the bread aside , he dig into the mush . Helmut watch he eat , he own hunger write all over he face . after a few bite , this make the Big prisoner a little self - concious . big prisoner how're the shoe ? helmut perfect . the Big prisoner nod and go back to eat , satisfied that he have make a fair bargain and should not be embarrassed about take Helmut 's food . helmut do not forget the bowl . the Big prisoner , he mouth full of mush , only nod . Helmut , tear he eye from the food , move off . the Big prisoner watch he go . suddenly , he look down at the depart Helmut 's foot , and he face darken . big prisoner ( irk ) hey , doork ! Helmut stop and turn as the Big prisoner shove himself away from the hut and go to he , stare down at the shoe . big prisoner my shoe ! the Big prisoner reach out with the large toe of one bare foot and lift up the flap toe of one of Helmut 's shoe . he let it drop again . big prisoner I say you could use them , not ruin them . helmut I have to fix they this way ... for the act , you know . wait till you see how funny it be . big prisoner yeah . but will I feel like laugh when it get cold ! helmut do not worry . big prisoner worry ! I be the one who will get frost bitten toe , not you . helmut when I return they , they will be like new . I promise . the Old prisoner have finish he mush and put he bowl down on the ground and move forward to join Helmut and the Big prisoner . big prisoner for what you have do to my shoe I should get more food . old prisoner he 's get to have something to eat . the Big prisoner look at he questioningly . old prisoner ( continue ) if he give you he other meal ... he will starve to death . then you will not get anything . this reason make sense to the Big prisoner . big prisoner ( to Helmut ) remember ... you fix they before you bring them back . helmut promise . Helmut shake he head " yes " , turn and quickly hustle off in the direction of he own barrack , the camera moving with he . after a few step . big prisoner voice doork ! mo . shot - big prisoner - helmut Pov the Big prisoner look at Helmut , then at the piece of bread Helmut have give he . his manner be self - conscious . he toss the piece of bread to Helmut . mo . shot - helmut , big prisoner , old prisoner Helmut catch the bread , he smile express he thanks . the Old prisoner put he arm around the Big prisoner 's shoulder , while the Big prisoner try not to show that he be pleased with himself for he " generous " act . mo . shot - helmut take bite of the bread , Helmut , rather jauntily , lope off toward he own barrack . as he move among the other prisoner , the camera moving with he , we see many of they point or nod toward Helmut and smile good - naturedly . Helmut be completely unaware of they , so lose be he in he own thought . ext . barracks h - mo . shot - keltner , franz , herman - day they sit in the shade beside they barrack . herman be use he empty bowl as a fan . keltner be just finish he food . franz be examine he jacket , he empty bowl beside he on the ground . franz ( irritate ) I mean it this time . keltner do not tell we . tell he . franz hold up the tatter jacket to show that a button be miss . franz what be I suppose to do ? use pin ? herman who have a pin ? keltner chuckle . franz you can laugh . he be not always after you for something . keltner no ? he fish in a pocket and pull out a large piece of chalk , hold it up . franz what 's that ? keltner chalk . franz what for ? keltner ( shrug ) say he can mash it into a powder and put it on he face . herman stop fan along enough to ask ... herman where would you get it ? keltner from a guard . astonish , herman and franz look at he questioningly . keltner ( lower he voice ) a very bad Nazi . still have a heart . herman and franz smile . then franz hold up he tatter coat . franz I wish he would have a heart and use someone else 's coat . or better yet -- he own . keltner ( look o.s. and nodd ) ask he . wider angle - favoring helmut as he come flap up , still munch on the piece of bread give to he by the Big prisoner . keltner hold out the chalk to he . keltner finally get it . Helmut take it and examine it in a very professional manner . herman and franz exchange look . keltner wait for Helmut to speak . keltner ( a little annoyed ) be not that what you want ? helmut ( hold up the chalk ) this will do more for the act than anything . wait will you see ! keltner ( a sigh of relief ) for a moment there you have I worried . franz ( indicate bread Helmut 's nibble on ) I see you get smart . helmut his conscience bother he . keltner I think he would kill you when he see what you have do to he shoe . helmut ( sheepishly ) so do I . the man laugh . franz I do not know what I be laugh at ... look at what he 's do to my coat . ( hold it up ) look at it ! yesterday a button off . and you have get it rip here under the arm . besides all that fall down be not do it any good . helmut ( firmly ) I have get to have it . it be the only one I can get on and still be tight enough to look funny . franz at the rate you be tear it up , it 's go to look a lot funnier . another angle shoot past Helmut and group and in f.g. toward the main yard , where we see galt and uhlmann approach . during the ensue dialogue , galt spot Helmut , nudge uhlmann and together they come toward he . keltner give in , franz . you know he 's go to talk you out of it again . helmut I will be careful . I swear . besides , I have get to have it . I explain before ... a clown can not change he costume . it 's he trademark . franz I know ... I know ... but ... galt and uhlmann join the group , look to start trouble . galt ( interrupt ) why should he give it to a Jew clown ? right , kid ? franz that 's get nothing to do with it . galt what 's the matter with you bastard anyway ? all he ever do for we be cause trouble , but for they ... ( nodd toward the other side ) ... he can not do enough . ( a beat ) I say he 's one of they . keltner ( coolly ) if he be , he would be over there through this Helmut remain silent -- he eye focus on the coat . galt that 's where he belong . franz and keltner get to they foot . herman remain seat . franz what be you so hot about ? it 's no skin off you ... uhlmann ( cut in ) we have get a good reason for not like they . galt if it be not for they ... we would not be in here . this surprise the man . herman get to he foot . herman what would you mean ? uhlmann a bunch of they get pick up with papers we would sell they . and what would they do ? turn we in , they do . the ungrateful ... keltner so that be it ! counterfeit papers . I can imagine the price . galt supply and demand , reverend . supply and demand . deliberately , franz hand he coat to Helmut . franz take it , doork -- anytime you want it . Helmut accept the coat ... nodd he head in the gracious manner of a ruler accept homage from a faithful subject . he turn smartly and slowly strut away with as much dignity as he can muster in he big shoe which flap with every step he take . the other stand and stare at galt and uhlmann . uhlmann what 's so terrible about what we do ? lot of they get out of the country with we papers . they be damn good counterfeit . keltner , without a word , turn and go off after Helmut . galt ( call to keltner , very proudly ) and what 's more , we never charge for child . never . mo . shot - helmut , keltner as keltner catch up with Helmut . the camera move back as they walk along the side of the barrack toward the door . keltner I have be meaning to ask you . Heard anymore about the request for a review of you case ? Helmut do not hear he as he 's deep in he own thought . helmut do you hear the laugh I get yesterday ? keltner nod . helmut not just from the child ... but the adult , too . you know where a lot of clown make a big mistake ? they play just for the child . they forget ... it 's the parent , the adult that buy the ticket . keltner never think of that . Helmut stop , face keltner , a sly smile on he face . helmut they say I could not come up with anything new . keltner look puzzle . helmut at the circus . Schmidt and the rest . wait will they see my act now . it 's funny . really funny . ( a beat ) be not it ? keltner the child certainly enjoy it . Helmut begin to move along again with keltner follow . helmut what I need be time . time to concentrate on new material . a man 's get to have time alone . keltner ( glance around ) you call this be alone ? Helmut take a few more step then stop short . helmut do you think ... maybe ... they would let I go to other camp and entertain ? keltner be about to say something ... but shrug he shoulder . he know there 's not much point in try to make Helmut look at thing the way they really be . Helmut start to walk again . helmut I would have to get to the commandant . would need he permission . they arrive at the step to the barrack . Helmut swing franz 's coat over he shoulder as he start up the step . helmut if you have time later , I would like you to see something I have be work on . I hunch down and do a tiny soldier parade . think they will like it ? keltner ( pointedly ) who ? the adult ? helmut ( matter of fact ) the child , of course . keltner I think the smart clown only play to the adult . Helmut , catch in a contradiction of he own " theory " of clowning , give keltner a annoyed look , then go into the barrack let the door slam behind he . close shot - keltner as he stand at the bottom of the step -- he shake he head and smile as he marvel at the change take place in the pompous Helmut as the little gentle clown within he struggle to emerge . dissolve to : ext . prison yard - pan shot - child - day the camera be panning across the face of about forty child behind the fence as they watch Helmut o.s . some of they be laugh ; some clap ; some squealing with glee , and a few just watch quietly , but with laughter in they eye . behind they , near the barrack on the non - Aryan side , a number of adult also be look on , but they hang back , fearful that get too close to the fence might provoke the always anticipate wrath of the guard . ext . prison yard - full shot - day we see now that Helmut on he side of the fence be perform for the child on the other side of the menace barb wire fence . behind he , also at a safe distance because they still be not certain of the official reaction to all of this , a number of he fellow political prisoner be watch he antic . but , in spite of he talk about the importance of play to the adult -- it be the child that Helmut play to -- and it be for they laughter that he listen . the camera move in to -- mo . full shot - helmut and we see that he have use the chalk to whiten he face . with charcoal he have blacken he eyebrow , form a wide black mouth and draw line down over he eyelid to he cheekbone , give he the appearance of a clown at once sad and happy . at the moment he be coatless , but franz 's coast lie nearby on the ground . for the stunt he be do now Helmut carry the remain of a old broom and a piece of cardboard . he be try to sweep a small heap of dirt he have gather onto the cardboard , but each time he try , the dirt go over the cardboard and he must sweep it into a pile again . after a few attempt he feign exasperation and ponder the problem . inspiration come . he sweep the dirt into a pile again , bend over and very carefully sweep it into the front of one of he shoe , hold up the split top to let it in . this accomplish , he be very proud of himself , but when he try to take a step , some of the dirt come out . frustrate , he ponder again , and again have a inspiration . he remove the shoe and put it under he arm . but as he walk away with it , all the dirt slide out through the open toe . the child roar with delight . close shot - little girl she be a flaxen-haired youngster of about five who hold a weathered rag doll as she jump up and down for sheer joy at Helmut 's performance . close shot - little boy he be a completely delighted boy of perhaps seven . each time Helmut do something he particularly enjoy he hug himself and spin around . close shot - brother and sister the girl be no more than four ; the boy about eight . he cling to she hand as they watch Helmut , unsmile , perhaps not understanding . the boy look at he sister , and a tiny smile tug at she mouth . the boy smile back . the girl giggle . the boy laugh outright . they have re-discover happiness . they look back at Helmut , both laugh . close shot - sister the older girl be ten or eleven ; she sister five or six , tug at she arm , and the older girl bend down to she . the young girl whisper to she , point to Helmut , and the older girl pick she up . the little one put she arm tightly around she sister 's neck . both laugh merrily . mo . full shot - helmut he be put on franz 's too - small jacket . he try to button it , but it will not go around he . he suck in he belly , but then he pants begin to slip , and he grab at they with a embarrassed look at the laugh child . decide that the only way to button the coat be to hunch he shoulder , he try that , but now he shoulder must remain hunch . he manage to pick up the broom and put it over he shoulder , play soldier . but when he try to snap to attention , the coat pop open again , bring another roar of laughter from Helmut 's audience . now he march a few step toward the camera , stop , snappily put the rifle down at rest position and salute -- knock himself flat . another roar of laughter . as it swell , we -- pan shot - jewish prisoner the laughter o.s. continue to swell as the camera pan across the face of the adult jewish prisoner huddle near they hut . they smile , fearfully at first , then break into timorous laughter . aryan prisoner - pan shot as the laughter swell even more , the camera move over the face of the political prisoner on Helmut 's side of the camp . they , too , be laugh -- some tolerantly ; some at Helmut rather than with he , but they be laugh . as the laughter continue to swell , the camera pan over to yard - guard . he be try very hard not to laugh . the result be a self - conscious giggle . as the laughter grow even louder , the camera pan as though waft on the wave of laughter , up to a guardtower , and we see two rifle - armed soldier in the tower watch the performance below they . they gesture in Helmut 's direction and laugh . the camera continue to pan over to the administration building and up to a open window on the second floor . CUT to : int . commandant office - full shot - day lt . scharff , handsome , mid -30' , stand with he back to camera at a open window in a small , but luxuriously furnish office . the window through which he be look open onto the prison yard . a aide poke he head in the doorway . aide ( in a loud whisper ) he 's come back down the hall . scharff nod , quickly close the window , give a look around the room , and follow the aide out . CUT to : int . commandant outer office - full shot as scharff come through the door from the adjoin room . the aide be stand in front of a small desk . scharff take he position beside the door into the outer office . they wait . after a beat , the room 's other door open and in come col . heinrich bestler , a slightly build , pinch - face ss officer in he 50' . scharff and aide spring to attention and give he the salute . scharff and aide Heil Hitler . bestler Heil Hitler . ( stride into he inner office as he pass scharff ) bestler ( continue ) come in . CUT to : int . commandant office - full shot bestler go directly to the desk and sit down . scharff stand at attention just inside the door . bestler oh , stand at ease . and , close the door . scharff close the door and move over to stand near the desk . bestler I do not have to tell you why you commandant be relieved of he command here . this prison be a disgrace . disgrace ! the latitude allow by he will not be tolerate by I . understand ? scharff nod he head . bestler get up from the desk and walk around it . bestler that include the staff . I be go to turn this place into a model prison , a credit to the Reich . understand ? scharff again nod he head . bestler speak up . scharff yes , Colonel . bestler return to he desk , sit , and open a folder . he glance up to study scharff . bestler this be not the first prison the ss have have to take over from the military . military man be too soft to deal with that ... ( he nod toward the window ) scharff start to speak but quickly change he mind . scharff yes , sir . bestler you be about to say something ? scharff oh ... I ... be just go to say that I do not hold with the soft treatment of the prisoner . bestler good ! ( take papers from folder ) we first order of business be to prepare ... he be interrupt by the SOUND of laughter o.s . he turn slightly and look curiously at the window , then turn back to read from the papers in the folder . bestler we first order of business be to prepare all non - Aryan prisoner for shipment in two week . scharff where be they be send , Colonel ? bestler work camp . again the SOUND of laughter from o.s. and bestler look quickly at the window , irritate . scharff , uncertain of he superior 's reaction , try to cover up . scharff ( speak a little louder ) but we have about 40 child , some only baby , with more schedule to arrive tomorrow or the next day . they be not go to be much use in a work camp . bestler ( he attention divert back to scharff ) I be aware of that . this order cover only the adult prisoner over fifteen . we will not have to wet nurse the child for long . other plan be be make for ... again he be interrupt by the laughter o.s . bestler what be that ? before scharff can answer , bestler go to the window and open it . prison yard - long shot shoot past bestler through the window , we can see Helmut perform for the child . bestler watch for a moment . bestler what be that suppose to be ? bestler , scharff - mo . shot scharff go to the window and look over bestler 's shoulder . scharff that ! well , you see , sir , one of the prisoner use to be a circus clown . sometimes he give a little ... well ... a sort of show -- for the child . bestler ( turn away from window ) a show ! be this a prison camp or a travel circus ! ( he look out window again ) be I correct in assume that that child be on the non - Aryan side of the camp ? scharff ( almost in whisper ) yes , sir . bestler ( leave window ) and the ... buffoon ? a german ? scharff yes , Colonel . bestler sit on the side of the desk and look at scharff , who try very hard not to show how uncomfortable he be . bestler be I to believe you be not aware of the general order absolutely forbid fraternization ? scharff ( not worried ) I know about it , sir . bestler Close the window . scharff carefully close the window . bestler walk around desk to stand lean against the wall . bestler just what do you think fraternization mean , Lieutenant scharff ? scharff communication . Social contact . give aid , talk ... ( shrug helplessly ) bestler how long have this be go on ? scharff just the last two or three week . bestler and the commandant approve ? scharff well , sir , child be very hard to handle . bestler this clown ! who be he ? scharff ( try hard to remember ) it 's ... I know . it 's doork , the great . bestler not he clown name , you idiot . his number . his identification . scharff if I have the Colonel 's permission to leave , I will check it at once . bestler later . right now I want this performance halt . understand ? scharff yes , sir . bestler begin shuffle papers from the folder . scharff , uncertain whether he have be dismiss or not , hesitates . bestler glance up . bestler ( shouting ) immediately ! scharff yes , sir ! he salute and bolt from the room , almost crash into the door in he flight . CUT to : prison yard - full shot - day shoot past the child in f.g. to Helmut through the fence , as he bow to the applaud youngster . behind he we can see a number of soldier - guard come through the cordon of watch prisoner , and wave they to disperse . they do so reluctantly , as the guard from Helmut 's barrack move forward to Helmut , who be just about to start another routine . guard ( shouting ) that 's all . show 's over . everybody clear out . Helmut stop , startle . mo . shot - helmut , guard angle to include child across the fence . helmut what 's wrong ? guard ( to Helmut ) get back to the barrack . ( to child ) you hear I . show 's over . the child do not move , but stand stare at Helmut as if wait for he to tell they what to do . this frustrate the guard , who be not accustom to be question . guard go on . get away . still the child refuse to budge . angry , the guard go close to the fence , wave he arm at they . guard move , damn it , before I come over there and ... the youngster scuttle back a few foot fearfully , but there they stop , they eye still on Helmut . the guard turn to Helmut . guard get they move before somebody get hurt . Helmut go up to the fence and speak to the child softly . helmut that 's all the show for today . go back inside . the child back away with long face . finally convinced that Helmut be through , they turn and wander back toward they barrack , but with many a backward look at he . Helmut continue to encourage they , as the guard look on . helmut that 's right now , go along . I will see you tomorrow . Goodbye . Goodbye . until tomorrow . many of the child wave to he . the guard take Helmut by the arm , turn he toward the barrack and hustle he off . mo . two shot - helmut , guard the camera move back as they come toward it , the guard firmly propelling Helmut along . guard get inside and take that stuff off you face . helmut I do not understand . what 's the matter ? guard order . no more show . helmut you mean ... not ever ? guard that 's right . helmut but we be not do any harm . guard the commandant think you be . helmut the commandant ? guard the new commandant . he mind . helmut just because I make they laugh a little ... guard you know the rule ... no mixing with Jews . helmut I be not mixing ! I be only ... the guard stop he and turn he so that they be face to face . the camera move up to -- tight two shot - helmut , guard guard ( quietly , threaten ) look , it 's not my order . it 's the commandant 's . ( more kindly ) now do what I tell you and save yourself a lot of grief . he push Helmut toward he barrack and then turn and walk off , the camera pulling back to -- wider angle Helmut watch the guard go , then , dejectedly , shuffles toward he barrack . as he near it , keltner , franz , Adolf , herman , ludwig , and the other regular intercept he . mo . shot - group they crowd around Helmut , anxious to know what 's happen . franz what happen ? helmut ( still bewilder ) he say I have get to stop -- with the child . keltner ( nodd ) I have be expect it . ludwig because they be Jews ? keltner because of the laugh . helmut why should that bother they ? keltner when you rule by fear , laughter be the most frightening sound in the world . silently the man walk up the step and into the barrack , the camera panning with they until we ... dissolve to : ext . prison yard - full shot - day it be a warm , sunny afternoon and most of the prisoner on both side of the fence , be out warming they weary bone . on the Aryan side , a number of prisoner , include ludwig and herman , be have a makeshift soccer game use a bound bundle of rag for a ball . they play with fierce rigor for such emaciate man , yell at each other and kick up cloud of dust as they try to work off they frustration . on the non - Aryan side of the fence , the child , now about 50 in number , be group near the wire barricade stare across it , they face dour . it appear they be watch the game . mo . long shot - child shoot past the soccer player in f.g. toward the fence . through the man we can see the child , but the play move away from they . they continue to stare straight ahead , obviously watch something else . suddenly many of they press close to the fence strain to see . CUT to : ext . barrack " h " - children' Pov Helmut can be see stand in the doorway . after a beat , he quickly retreat back into the barrack . CUT to : int . barrack " h " - day the camera move backward down the aisle between the bunk as Helmut walk dejectedly down the aisle , nervously finger he white ascot . the barrack be empty except for keltner , who be arrange the sprout of he potato plant over a little trellis of stick . Helmut turn and walk back up the aisle to stand in front of keltner . helmut I can not go out there . I can not take another day of they stare at I . keltner they will get over it . disappointment be no stranger to that child . helmut they look at I as though it be all my fault . have not they be tell why I can not ... keltner I be sure they have . helmut then why do they stare ? keltner ( hold up the plant ) it 's amazing how a thing like this can feed off itself . think how lucky we would be if we could do that . Helmut glance disinterestedly at the plant as he reach up to he bunk and bring down the coat belong to franz . he hold coat up for keltner to see . helmut I sew a button on . look all right ? keltner ( inspect coat ) Fine . Helmut gently pat the coat , then fold it and put it back on he bunk . helmut I do make they laugh . do not I ? keltner nod . helmut ( angrily ) I wish they would get they out of here . prison be no place for little child . keltner we have be all over that before . you have get to stop think about they . helmut ( try to convince himself ) you be right ! I have get to think of myself . keltner put the plant under he bunk and get up . keltner it 's too hot in here . I be go to get some air . helmut Johann ... do you think there 's any possible way I could talk to the commandant . maybe I could make he understand ... the sentence trail off as Helmut realize how useless he suggestion be . keltner there 's nothing you can do ... but forget . helmut how can I ! they be my own very special audience . and now they stare at I as if I have betrayed they . keltner they be child , Helmut . you can not expect they to understand the madness of adult . helmut ( sudden think ) if I could talk to they . to the child themselves -- that would help , would not it ? keltner do not answer but he watch Helmut with new interest . helmut if I explain it to they -- then they will know I be not mad at they . keltner ( very deliberately ) you go near that fence once again ... and you be take you life in you own hand . you know that as well as I do . helmut ( plead ) I would just need a minute . a minute to talk to they . Helmut go to the door and look out . CUT to : long shot - child at the fence - helmut Pov the child be still press against the fence , still try to get a glimpse of Helmut CUT to : mo . shot - barrack " h " Helmut stand just inside the doorway ... look out . helmut I wish to God I do not care . I wish to God I could forget they . Helmut walk back to keltner . helmut but I can not . Helmut look at keltner , he eye plead for help . keltner I be go to ask you a question , Helmut , and I want you to think carefully before you answer . Helmut nod . keltner the reason you can not get they out of you mind -- be it because you need they -- for you audience ? Helmut drop he eye as he attempt to find the right answer . keltner I want the truth . helmut ( after a moment ) I know I can not perform for they anymore . I know that . ( a beat ) I really do not know what the reason be . I think it 's get something to do with ... well , I do not want that little one to think I have turn against they , too . that 's why I have get to do something . something . keltner study Helmut for a moment . keltner you will be take a chance . a great chance . Helmut nod that he know this . keltner ( very definite ) all right ! come on then . helmut where be you go ? keltner you want to talk to the child ? well , I think I can help you . helmut there 's no reason for you to get involved in this . keltner reason ? when war be wage against child ! that be reason enough for the whole damn world to get involved . and it will , believe I , it will . keltner put he arm around Helmut 's shoulder . Helmut grin , a broad grin of thanks . keltner so , come on , doork the great , let 's start get involved . they both walk quickly to the door . CUT to : ext . helmut barrack - day as keltner and Helmut come out . in the b.g. we can see the soccer game still go on , the player shouting excitedly at each other . keltner survey the scene for a moment . keltner wait here . he move down the line of barrack toward the mess hall . ext . prison yard - full shot - day as keltner move among the man loung around the barrack , talk and watch the soccer game . try to appear as nonchalant as possible , we whisper something to a group of prisoner . they glance back at Helmut and then nod . keltner move on to another group , take care to avoid the two yard guard , one of which be the guard in charge of barrack " h " . again keltner murmur something to the other prisoner , and again they look at Helmut and nod assent . keltner go on to another group . as he do , the man in the first group casually disperse and start across the yard toward the fence , move around the soccer player . one of they go up to ludwig , who be play in the match , and whisper something to he . ludwig nod , and the other prisoner move away . ludwig run off chase the " ball " . mo . shot - ludwig as he storm into a clutch of player , include galt , all kick at the " ball " . ludwig ( low to galt ) kessler be go to talk to the child . cover he . galt ( mean ) who say so ? ludwig ( evenly ) the reverend say cover he ... so we cover he . the player around galt give he a meaningful look and he get they message . galt all right ! I be just ask . full shot as keltner 's plot take shape , we see a dozen or so prisoner wander , apparently aimlessly , across the yard and form a spectator 's section for the soccer game with they back to the fence , thus provide a shield between the child and the guard . the game pick up tempo , but the play somehow stay in the center of the yard , strengthen the shield . mo . shot - helmut as he watch the plan in action . keltner rejoin he . keltner you know what to do ? Helmut nod . keltner stay behind the man and keep a eye out for the guard on the other side . helmut right . keltner make it quick . you will not have much time . Helmut nod again and start away , but keltner stop he keltner and Helmut , keep the child quiet . we do not want trouble . Helmut nod and move off across the yard . the camera follows he as he circle around the soccer player , try to look as if he be just wander over to join the other spectator . as he near the other side , the child spot he and react , press closer to the fence and point to he . mo . long shot - helmut shoot past the child in f.g. toward Helmut as he near the line of prisoner , who continue to ad lib shout of derision and encouragement to the soccer player . the child begin ad libbing cry of greeting to Helmut . he put he finger to he lip to silence they and take he place in the line with he back to they . mo . shot - helmut as he stand pretend to watch the soccer game with the other . helmut ( shouting ) kick it , ludwig . kick it ! the prisoner next to he give he a sidelong glance and nod almost imperceptibly . quickly , Helmut duck behind the line . mo . shot - helmut behind the line as he scurries , bend over , to the fence . the child flock to he . the camera follows he to the fence . child doork , doork , doork be back . it 's doork . it 's doork . Helmut try to silence they squeal of delight . holding a finger to he lip : helmut shhh . shhhh . the guard ... the child quiet down and press closer to the fence . Helmut drop to he knee , look around . child do a trick , doork . please , doork , please , please . helmut no , no . I can not . the guard will not let I . not now . maybe some other day . close shot - little girl this be the same flaxen-haired little five - year- old with a doll we see before . she regards Helmut solemnly . little girl they be bad . mo . shot - helmut , child smiling wryly at the simplicity of this appraisal , Helmut reach through the fence and pat the head of the girl 's doll . eager to touch Helmut , another child take he hand , other grab at he arm . still other youngster , follow this lead , try to reach through the fence to touch he . obviously enjoy this adulation , Helmut take as many of the little hand as he can , squeezing they affectionately . only one group of eight child hang back . they do not seem to understand what this be all about . they little face be fearful , yet they be fascinate by Helmut . suddenly one little boy give a yelp of pain and back away from the wire , clutching he forearm . helmut what be it ? what happen ? little girl he hurt himself . Wide -ey with fright , the little boy take he hand away from he arm to reveal a nasty look scratch from one of the barb on the fence . see he own injury , the youngster burst into tear . helmut shhh . shhh . do not cry . it 's go to be all right . ( to the other child ) be careful when you be near this fence . he console the little boy , who continue to cry and hold up he wounded arm for Helmut to see . Helmut look around frantically , as if hope to find help somewhere . then he quickly remove he ascot -- he precious trademark , the symbol of he self - accord status -- and hand it through the fence . helmut here , wrap this around it . I will make it all better . the little boy go on cry , but some of the other child take the cravat and fashion it into a crude bandage around the youngster 's arm . it fail to silence the boy 's cry , however . helmut ( worried ) hush now . stop cry . please . look ... look at this . he begin shuffle around on he knee , imitate a duck in a effort to appease the cry child . as he go , Helmut quack softly . the boy stop cry , but he face remain unhappy . the other child laugh in spite of Helmut 's effort to keep they quiet , all but the group of eight youngster who only stare at Helmut in awe . see that he be make progress with the cry child , Helmut next pull he coat up over he head and , still on he knee , move around like a headless man , grop ahead with he hand . close shot - little boy his frown gradually dissolves and , in spite of he sniffle , he smile , timorously at first , then broadly . finally , he laugh . mo . shot - helmut , child Helmut shrug he jacket back into place and smile at the boy . helmut there , that 's better . no more cry now . for the first time he notice the other group of frown child . among the other smile and laugh youngster , they seem to stand out . when Helmut fasten a quizzical look on they , they back away a little , fearfully . helmut what 's the matter with they ? little girl they be new . we can not understand they . all they do be cry . older boy they be all the way from Czechoslovakia . the eight just start at he wordlessly , they fear naked in they eye . helmut ( to the silent one ) there 's nothing to be afraid of . everything be all right . when there be no reaction from the child , who obviously do not understand he , Helmut look over he shoulder , wonder if he have time . mo . long shot - prisoner - helmut Pov the prisoner be still root for the soccer player , but as Helmut look , Adolf , in the middle of the cheer section , turn and see he . adolf ( a hushed call ) hurry up . mo . shot - helmut , child Helmut nod to Adolf and then turn back to the youngster , afraid but still unable to tear himself away . helmut here . look . I will show you ... no noise now . in pantomime , he pretend to pull a hair from he head and thread it through a imaginary needle . finally accomplish this , he pretend to be sewing a button on he jacket , hold the thumb of he leave hand under the button while he sew with he right . when he have finish , he pantomime that he have sew he thumb to the jacket . he pretend to be embarrassed and try to hide he hand in he trouser pocket , but in order to put he hand in he pocket the jacket go too . the child giggle , then roar with laughter at he frantic effort to detach he thumb from he jacket . the silent child press closer to watch Helmut 's antic . some look at each other and smile , then grin . suddenly the entire group be laugh . Helmut hold up he hand for silence , but the grin on he face say he love it . helmut no , no , be quiet . be quiet . shhh . shhhh . the child go on laugh as if this be just part of the game . mo . long shot - tower guard the SOUND of the child 's laughter float up to two guard in a tower on the non - Aryan side of camp . one of they , who have be watch the soccer game below , nudge he partner and point down to Helmut . long shot - prison yard - guard ' Pov between the child at the fence and the line of soccer spectator we can see only the top of Helmut 's head bob up and down . but that be enough . mo . long shot - tower guard after a long look , one of the guard pick up a telephone and start to make a call . mo . shot - helmut , child Helmut seem to have throw caution away under the stimulus of the child 's laughter . he be on he foot try a hand spring . he land flat on he back , but roll over on he side and grin broadly at he audience , which laugh appreciatively . this be the old doork . they doork . again Helmut try the hand spring and again he flop . full shot - prison yard a high angle with Helmut and the child in f.g. and beyond they the Aryan side of the yard . the soccer game be still in progress , with the spectator on both side of the action whooping it up . then in b.g. we see two soldier , two ss officer , and the guard in charge of barrack " h " , come burst through the spectator near the hut and into the game itself . the player slowly subside as they realize what be happen . they watch the guard cross the yard . the cheer trail off , and the yard become strangely quiet , the prisoner ' warning to Helmut . mo . shot - helmut , child oblivious to all this in he joy at perform for the child again , Helmut be just pretend to slip on something underfoot . his arm flay the air as he try to regain he balance , but he fall . through this , however , the child seem to be watch something behind Helmut , and when he land on the ground , they do not laugh . again they face be frighten as they look o.s . Helmut look at they , puzzle . then , realize that something be wrong , he turn and look up from the ground . another angle shoot past Helmut in f.g. toward the guard , ss man , and soldier , who have come through the line of spectator and stand glower at he . the prisoner have move back , warily watch for the next move . guard you would not listen , would you ? almost wearily , he go to the fence . this be not something he like , but he authority be at stake here , and he have no choice . as the camera pan he to the fence we see that some non - Aryan adult have drift over to see what the disturbance be . guard ( to the child ) go on . get back . the child do not move . they eye be on Helmut . the guard shout over to the adult stand behind the child . guard you back there , get they out of here . the adult begin to gather up the child . helmut they have nothing to do with it . it be all my do . the guard turn and come up to face Helmut . he study he for a moment , then hit he a vicious backhand slap across the face . taken by surprise , Helmut stagger backward and fall . a murmur run through the prisoner . the child still near the fence , cry out with alarm . see they terror , Helmut be determine to make it look like just another act . with a painful effort he get to he foot , smile at the child , turn and salute the guard , knock himself down again . a couple of child giggle . the first ss officer quickly step forward to stand behind the guard . he hold a swagger stick in he right hand , which he repeatedly whacks into the palm of he leave hand . he look down at Helmut . first ss officer get up . Helmut struggle to he foot . he glance over at the child . they be all watch he . he take a deep breath , wink at the little one , then salaam before the ss Officer and the guard . some of the child giggle . this infuriate the ss officer . he raise the swagger stick and bring it down hard on Helmut 's head knock he to he knee . the child scream with terror . the ss Officer raise the stick to hit Helmut again , but keltner , in a almost instinctive reaction , catch hold of he arm . keltner the child ! not in front of the child ! two shot - first ss officer - keltner the ss Officer turn and bring the stick down on keltner . he hit he over and over , each blow more vicious . mo . shot - helmut - frightened child in b.g . Helmut turn away from the beat , pull he jacket up over he head and start to walk around like a headless man stumbling and fall over he own foot . the child , many still scream , turn they eye away from the ss Officer to watch Helmut 's antic . full shot - franz , galt , uhlmann , ludwig , adolf , herman and other prisoner the horror-stricken man stand freeze as the ss Officer continue to hit keltner until he drop to the ground . suddenly franz break away from the man and charge at the first ss Officer . mo . shot - ss officer - franz franz run into camera and attempt to stop the first ss Officer . the second ss Officer whip he pistol out , aim carefully and fire a shot into franz 's head . various shot of the prisoner uhlmann stand speechless and dumbfounded . galt cower . bead of perspiration pour from he brow . Adolf weep bitter tear as herman place he arm around he shoulder to comfort he , and himself as well . ludwig , dead to any emotion , simply turn and walk away into the crowd . mo . shot - helmut Helmut be now , more than ever , the clown , as he go into a frenzied version of the " clap dance " . the complete incongruity of he behavior leave the spectator stunne . wider angle - showing the child in b.g. the child be no longer scream , instead they be watch Helmut as though they be hypnotize . full shot - helmut , guard , ss men , other guard the guard , fully aware that the sadist ss man may take action against Helmut , quickly motion for two of the other guard to take Helmut away . the first ss Officer , still panting with exhaustion , show he approval of the action take by the guard . the two guard seize Helmut by the arm and begin drag he off toward the administration building . the prisoner move away before the guard hold Helmut , form a sort of line of march for they . as they drag Helmut along , he wave back at the child , make a funny face and move he foot in something approach a dance step . dissolve to : int . solitary confinement cell - no light shoot from the back of the cell toward the door . the cell be about eight foot long and four foot wide with a steel door at the far end . the cell be bare . we hear man approach , and a guard open the door let in a shaft of bright light . two guard hoist the unconcious Helmut into the cell and drop he onto the floor . close shot - helmut he lie in a heap on the floor , he face swollen from a severe beat . mo . shot - cell the guard walk out , slamm the door shut leave the cell pitch dark . dissolve to : close shot - window with window shade window shade quickly roll up let in a steam of blind sunlight . int . colonel bestler' office - day Lt. scharff be by the window , have just roll up the window shade . Colonel bestler be on the phone and obviously exasperate by what he be hearing . mo . shot - bestler , scharff bestler ( on phone ) yes. ( pause ) yes . yes , I understand perfectly . however , I do not see how we can be hold responsible . ( pause ) we order be very clear . we be to have the freight car ready to be pick up at midnight . ( pause ) of course , I be aware the operation must be keep secret . ( pause ) I just do not have the staff to send down there now and ... yes , I will wait . he put hand over mouthpiece to talk to scharff . bestler the freight car be not pick up . scharff it 's still down there on the siding ! bestler some stupid mix up . if they think ... the SOUND of the voice come over the phone cause he to literally snap to attention . bestler yes , General . ( pause ) yes , I be as distress about the situation as you be . ( long pause during which he nod he head ) yes. personally ! immediately ! yes , General . you can leave it in my hand . ( pause ) Heil Hitler ! he put down the instrument and turn at once to scharff . bestler who do you leave in charge down there ? scharff sergeant hoffman . very reliable . bestler apparently not reliable enough . the cargo seem to be raise quite a fuss . scharff ( explanatory ) fifty child , sir ! in a boxcar ! bestler I know . I know . but the siding be not far from town . the General do not want unauthorize person get curious . understand ? scharff I will get some man down there right away . bestler Men ! you will get yourself down there . and take at least a dozen guard with you . do not let anyone get close to that boxcar ... under any circumstance . no one ! scharff yes , sir . scharff turn to leave the office , but after a few step he stop and turn back toward bestler , a look of concern on he face . scharff Sir ? bestler look up . scharff I wonder , sir , if you might have any suggestion as ... well ... how do we quiet child ? bestler use any method you can , but shut they up . that 's a order . scharff be disappointed at not get some help from bestler . suddenly he face brighten . scharff Sir , the clown ! bestler look at he quizzically . scharff the one who amused the child bestler out of the question . the man 's be discipline for that very thing . we can not change we position now . scharff no one need know . bestler he would know . scharff think this over . suddenly he face brighten . scharff Sir , if I could guarantee he would never say anything . bestler look interested . scharff you see , sir , he 's be try to get a review of he case . claim he 's here by mistake . I could tell he you would recommend the review . bestler a man who want something . good . very good strategy , Lieutenant . ( he turn to face scharff ) however , when you bring he back here , return he to solitary and keep he there . ( a beat ) I have see the best of man , after several year in solitary , unable to remember even they own name . scharff then I have you permission to take the clown . bestler permission grant . dissolve to : long shot - OPEN road - day a small open truck with 12 soldier in the back , follow by a staff car , move along the road . int . staff car - moving - day driver be in the front seat , Helmut and scharff in the back . mo . shot - helmut - scharff Helmut have be clean up , but still show the effect of the beat and he stay in solitary . holding a small mirror , he be apply he makeup . he occasionally close or try to shade he eye from the light . they ride on in silence . scharff stare straight ahead . helmut wish you could have get the big shoe . the child laugh so when they see they flopping up and down . scharff make no reply . Helmut start to put on he big black mouth . helmut ( a touch of the old arrogance ) the commandant , himself , ask for I ! ( a beat ) you say he 's personally request a review of my case ! why , that mean I be practically on my way back to berlin. ( study mouth in mirror ) should be red . mouth look better in red . ( a beat ) know the first thing I be go to do when I get to Berlin ? buy a overcoat with a fur collar . have such a coat . very elegant . very elegant . ( finish the up - turn corner of mouth ) it 's a good idea ... move the child . scharff react to this . he look sharply at Helmut . helmut prison 's no place for child . I say all along that it be some kind of mistake . scharff ( uncomfortable ) finish you makeup . we be almost there . helmut know what Johann keltner say ? scharff who ? helmut keltner . from my barrack . the minister . he say ... let I think . he say ... man who wage war on child . that 's it . Men who wage war on child ... commit such a crime ... ( a beat as he think ) ... such a heinous crime . that 's it . Men who wage war on child commit such a heinous crime that even the devil damn they soul . scharff look as though he would just be slap across the face . he quickly turn toward the window . Helmut inspect he reflection in the mirror as he draw black vertical line down over each eye -- give he a very lose , sad , deject look . ext , railroad siding - long shot - day as the truck and staff car leave the highway and jolt down a short roadway to a railroad siding where a boxcar sit on the track . uniform guard stand watch on both side of the car , which have the door nearest the camera , partially open . the truck and staff car pull up to the nearest boxcar . the soldier jump from the rear of the truck , one of they carry a large burlap sack . mo . shot as scharff get out of the car , from the boxcar come the SOUND of child cry . scharff ( to Helmut in car ) wait here . scharff stride purposefully over to sergeant hoffman , the guard beside the open door . hoffman salute scharff . scharff any word about the train yet ? hoffman no , sir . the last we hear -- it will not get here until evening . scharff anyone be around ? hoffman no , sir . scharff with all that wail , it 's a wonder . could not you keep they quiet ? hoffman I do not know what to do , Lieutenant . I be afraid to close both door . scharff ( to other soldier ) keep a tight guard on the whole area . no one get near here . understand ? ( to hoffman ) you post they . hoffman ( salute ) yes , sir . hoffman move over to soldier and begin give they they order . scharff ( to soldier hold the sack ) leave that here . the soldier put down the sack , and hurry off after the other with hoffman lead the way . scharff turn toward the staff car . scharff ( call to Helmut ) over here , clown . Helmut quickly get out of the car and move over to scharff . he look toward the partially open door . helmut they be cry . scharff ( indicate the sack ) take that in to they . Helmut pick up the sack and peer into it . helmut what be it ? scharff bread . they will not wait so loud with they mouth full . helmut ( shocked ) how ... how long have they be here ? scharff you just get in there and keep they quiet . you can do that , can not you ? Helmut nod . scharff put he hand on Helmut 's shoulder . Helmut stiffen under he touch . scharff do a good job and I will personally ask that you get a favorable decision on you case . understand ? helmut yes , sir . Helmut move over to the half open door of the boxcar , the camera moving with he . just before he look inside , he put a wide grin on he face . but when he do peer into the car , he eye cease to smile . int . boxcar - helmut Pov - day in one end of the car the child be huddle together in one frighten , wail mass . they do not even notice Helmut at first , so great be they sorrow . the little one cling to the larger youngster , who , in turn , cling together . the small one weep hysterically , as child do when they have be cry for a very long time . the camera pull back so that Helmut be in f.g . he slide the boxcar door open fully , throw more light on the child . this bring renew wall of anguish from the youngster , who cluster together more fiercely . but one little boy sneak a look at the door , expect to see more guard . when he see Helmut , he tear - fill eye widen . he can scarcely believe what he see , much less verbalize it . he tug frantically at a older girl he have be clutching . she look first at he , then at Helmut . she , too , can hardly believe it . older girl ( tentatively ) doork ? ( shrill with recognition ) it 's doork . it be ! it be ! the child begin untangle quickly . face appear between leg , around skirt and over shoulder . for a moment they can only stare at Helmut , speechless with wonder . helmut ( gently ) so this be where you have be hide ? that break the silence , and the child begin squealing ad - lib expression of greeting and relief . they repeat he name time and again : " doork , doork , doork . " as one ... the youngster surge toward he . the little boy who first see he reach he first . he drop to he knee and put he arm around Helmut 's neck , hugging he furiously . Helmut return the embrace . boy I want to go home . take I home . helmut now , now , there 's nothing to cry about . we be go to have fun . ( disengaging himself and pick up the sack ) here . I bring you something . ( he toss it into the car ) the child pounce on the sack and tug at it , unsure what it be except that it 's a gift from Helmut . helmut wait now . do not open it yet . wait will I get in . you help I . he back up a few step , the camera pulling back with he . then he run toward the car and , with strength he really do not have , jump up so that he get he arm on the floor of the boxcar . he heave himself forward partially into it , and the child grab he clothes to help he inside . a couple of the older boy seize the seat of he pants and finally pull he in . int . railroad car - day favoring Helmut as he roll over and jump up , waggling he head from side to side in the manner of a Jack -in - the -box . the child watch he big -ey . a few giggle . helmut look , I be a jack-in-the-box . he gesture around to indicate that he be , indeed , in a box . helmut we be all jack -in- the-box -- the same box . the child laugh , and some begin imitate Helmut 's head movement . other do the same , and still other , include the Czech youngster , until all be waggling they head at each other and loving it . then , out of sheer adoration , the youngest of the child close in on Helmut and hug he around he leg . slowly he stop waggling he head and stretch out he arm to embrace as many of they as he can -- almost as if try to protect they . suddenly the gaiety dissolves , and the child go solemnly silent . Helmut react . helmut well ... who 's hungry . almost in unison , the child shout " I be " , again forget they unhappiness . helmut all right , I want everybody to sit down . when I count three , everybody sit . ready ? one , two ... on the count of two , many of the youngster sit down . Helmut feign surprise . helmut oh , you be too fast . Three ! this bring a burst of giggle , and the remain child , sit down ... the czech follow the example of the other . Helmut open the burlap sack and begin hand out piece of black bread . the child grab at the chunks and gnaw it voraciously . when all of the youngster have be give the bread , Helmut take a piece and bite into it with great relish . after a few chew on the bread : helmut now ... what will we do ? there be a long moment of silence , then the little blonde girl with the rag doll speak up timidly . little girl I want to see my mommy . Helmut be bring up short . for a beat he search he brain frantically for a answer . then he go to the child and kneel beside she . helmut you would ? all right . little girl you know where she be ? helmut she 's right here with you . little girl I do not see she . helmut that 's because you do not know how to look . I will show you . Close you eye . ( to the other child ) all of you ... close you eye . the little girl close she eye and one by one the other youngster do also . the Czech child look at each other , then at the other child , then they too close they eye . helmut everybody 's eye shut ? now , think about you mommy and daddy ... there , do not you see they ? can not you see they face ? the child , marvel at this feat , ad lib expression of assent . helmut so you see ! they be right here with you . all you have to do be look in you heart . little girl ( put she hand over she heart ) do mommy see I , doork ? helmut ( deeply touch ) yes , she do . she have you safe in she heart , too . the silence in the car tell Helmut that sadness have return to the child . he brighten quickly and rise . helmut I have get a idea . you all know my name , but I do not know yours . so let 's find out everybody 's name , shall we ? he point to a boy of about ten in the group . helmut you ... come here and I will show you what we will do . the boy , honore at be single out , rise and come to Helmut , who take a stubby pencil from he pocket . helmut what 's you name ? boy ( timidly ) Willie . helmut Willie . that 's a good name . how do you spell it ? boy w-i-l-l-i-e . helmut Fine . I will just write that on top of you head . use the eraser end of the pencil , Helmut carefully trace the letter on top of the boy 's head . the youngster peer upward , wonder . helmut there . see , this way we will all be able to tell everybody else 's name just by look at he head . close shot - boy still look up , but now doubtful . boy do you really ? mo . shot - the group helmut of course I do . here ... he pull a older boy to he foot , wink at he and point to the first boy 's head . helmut ( to the older boy ) tell he what it say . older boy ( giggle ) it say Willie . boy ( impressed ) really ? truly ? he put he hand to he head . helmut be careful . do not smear it . ( he glance around ) let 's see now ... yes . you shall be next . he point to a Czech girl of about six . he motion for she to come over to he . she shyly bow she head . her friend push she forward . Helmut hold out he hand to she , she grab it . helmut what be you name ? she look at he , then at the other Czech child . they all giggle . helmut ( squatting down beside she ) forgive I . I do not speak you language . he gently plant a kiss on she cheek and she put a arm around he neck . helmut ( to other ) see ! we understand each other . now ... ( he point to Willie ) Willie . ( he point to himself ) doork. ( point again to Willie ) Willie . ( point to himself ) doork . the child 's eye light up and she whisper into Helmut 's ear . helmut a beautiful name ! now you tell all the child . czech girl ( almost a whisper ) inga . helmut it 's such a pretty name ... say it again . czech girl ( more sure of herself ) inga ! she quickly bow she head for Helmut to outline she name on the top of it . helmut ( with a flourish of he pencil ) I - n- G -a . there it be . the little girl give a quick curtsy and hurry back to she group . Helmut glance around at the child . helmut let 's see now . who want to be next . the little girl with the doll press forward . helmut you ? shake she head she hold up the doll . helmut her ? little girl so the little child will know she name . helmut of course . that way she can not get lose , can she ? what 's she name ? little girl frederika . helmut ( mock dismay ) frederika ? he study the top of doll 's tiny head . then he hold up he hand and measure off a distance of about three inch in the air with thumb and forefinger . helmut frederika ! next he put the doll 's head between he thumb and forefinger , illustrate that the head be too small for the name . helmut could not we just make it freda ? little girl ( solemnly ) oh , no ! frederika . Helmut shrug , close one eye and begin write in tiny letter on the doll 's head . the child laugh delightedly . ext . railroad siding - full shot - day sergeant hoffmann be walk he post beside the open door of the boxcar . Inside we can see Helmut and the child and hear they laughter . the camera pan over to the staff car , where scharff sit in the front seat smoking a cigarette and wait . dissolve to : ext . railroad siding - full shot - afternoon it be perhaps two hour later . sergeant hoffman be now lean wearily against the boxcar near the door . the camera pan over to the staff car , where scharff be doze in the back seat . mo . shot - sergeant hoffman from within the boxcar we can hear Helmut singing softly to the child . sergeant hoffman be listen . finally he take something from he pocket , go to the door of the boxcar and stick he head inside . int boxcar the child be scattered about , either sleep or near sleep , many of they cuddle close to Helmut , who sit near the door with he back against the side of the car , croon . sergeant hoffman ( whisper ) clown . clown , can you play one of this ? he hold out a harmonica . Helmut lean over to get it , be careful not to disturb the child . sergeant hoffman I get it to send home to my boy ... but if it will help ... two shot - helmut , hoffman helmut it will . it will . ( he take it ) sergeant hoffman you will not say anything to the Lieutenant . helmut I promise . he lean back and look at the harmonica , then he have a sudden think as hoffman 's head disappear . he lean back toward the door . helmut Guard ... guard . hoffman reappear at door . helmut it 's go to be dark soon . the little one may be afraid . do you think ... well ... could you get some kind of a light for in here ? sergeant hoffman ( angry ) want to get I in trouble ? Helmut nod that he understand hoffman 's situation . sergeant hoffman ( try to justify himself ) I would if I could . helmut I know . I know you would . again hoffman 's face disappear . Helmut lean back and begin experiment with the harmonica . actually he can play it only slightly , but he manage to get some sort of soft tune out of it . the camera pull back slowly to include the child , most of who be rest peacefully , secure in Helmut 's presence . but suddenly a little dark haire , dark - eye girl of about six , sit upright and cry out , frighten by a bad dream . Helmut react . the child look around the boxcar as if she can not remember how she get there and begin cry inconsolably . some of the other child stir . Helmut quickly but carefully disengage himself from the tot around he and pick he way over to the girl . he kneel beside she , and the camera move up to -- tight two shot - helmut , dark -eyed girl the child continue cry , but more softly , he wide wet eye on Helmut . helmut ( gently ) what 's the matter ? ( she only stare at he ) it 's all right -- just a bad dream . he try to put a comforting arm around she , but she shrink away continue to sob softly . realizing that word will not help , he turn to the harmonica for communication , serenade she with a soft but sprightly tune of he own improvisation . it be hardly a masterpiece , but it have the desire effect . the girl stop sobbing , and when Helmut finish the tune he make a real funny face and she timorously put a hand up to touch he make - up , but pull it back quickly . with a affectionate smile , Helmut take she hand and run it over he face , pretend that she touch tickle he . as he laugh , the child begin to smile faintly . he show she the trace of chalk make - up on she finger , and she giggle . his conquest be all but complete . he pick the youngster up , and hold she like a dance partner , pretend to dance with she to a little tune he hum . she love this and laugh outright . when Helmut finally put she down , he kiss she on the cheek and turn he cheek in a unspoken request for a return kiss . the girl shyly and quickly give Helmut 's cheek a peck . grinning , Helmut pat the spot where she kiss he to show he appreciation for she wonderful gift . wider angle the older girl we see earlier call to he in a hushed voice . older girl doork . Helmut move over and squat down beside she and the camera move in to -- close two shot - helmut , older girl older girl where be they send we ? helmut ( shaking he head ) do not know . older girl do you have child ? Helmut look around at the child . he smile sadly . helmut I do now . dissolve to : int . staff car - near dusk scharff , doze in the back seat , be awaken by the SOUND of a approach train o.s . he listen , glance at he watch , shake he head and get out of the car . ext . railroad siding - near dusk as scharff stride to the boxcar , where sergeant hoffman have also hear the locomotive . he salute as scharff come up , the camera following he . scharff it finally get here . sergeant hoffman yes , sir . scharff help they get the car couple on . we want to move it out of here as fast as possible . be sure the door be lock . and , get the clown off . hoffman salute , and scharff move off toward the approach locomotive and freight car be back up to the boxcar . full shot - freight train - ( stock ) it be back down the siding toward the boxcar . mo . shot - sergeant hoffman with a cautious look around , he reach under the wait boxcar and bring out a box - type , battery operate lantern . he go to the boxcar door and peer inside . sergeant hoffman ( call ) all right , clown , time to get off . Helmut appear at the door and look down . helmut what be it ? sergeant hoffman train be here . they be hook it up now . ( he hoist the lantern inside ) here . tell they not to light it up until the door be close . Helmut give he a look of deep gratitude . sergeant hoffman ( curtly ) and get off right now . just then the boxcar be jolted as the locomotive make contact and hoffman run off toward the front of the car . int . boxcar - evening the jolt have awaken several of the child , who gather around Helmut in the dimness of the car , frighten and bewilder . child we be move . what 's happen ? what be the noise ? doork , where be we go ? helmut ( force gaiety ) it 's nothing . you be go for a train ride . what do you think of that ? a real train ride . child ( press close -- sense he anxiety ) be it far ? be you come , too ? I do not want a train ride . helmut oh , it will be fun . I would like to come , but I do not think I can . child ( plead ) please come , doork . please . please . please . helmut I can not . they want I to stay here . there be cry from the child , whose plead eye make Helmut terribly uncomfortable . he back toward the door . helmut but ... I will come to see you . soon as I can . and , I want you all to promise I to be very good . no cry . the child stare at he silently , they eye unconsciously accuse . with he go all they security . Helmut know it , but he have no choice . when he reach the door ... helmut if you want I ... remember , just close you eye . close shot - little girl with the dark eye wordlessly , she shut she eye -- tight . pan shot - child follow the dark - eye girl 's example , the smaller child one by one , close they eye . close shot - helmut near tear with emotion , he waver . then with great control .. helmut ( huskily ) Goodbye . mo . shot - helmut he turn and sit down on the floor of the car with he foot hang outside . he be just about to jump down when he be stop by a loud wail of anguish from one of the child behind he . he turn and look back at they . mo . shot - child - helmut Pov a boy of about six , one of the Czech youngster , be cry with the dejection of a lad who have just lose everything . the other little czech and the older girl who first recognize Helmut at the boxcar door be try unsuccessfully to console he . between coo and patting the boy 's shoulder , the girl throw accuse look at Helmut . wider angle - to include helmut uncertain what to do , Helmut glance around outside . satisfied that the train be not go to move at once , he get up and go to the child . helmut what 's this now ? crying ? after all the fun we have have ? the boy only look at Helmut and go right on cry . Helmut look helplessly at the older girl . girl it 's he birthday . he think there would be present . helmut ( to girl ) he 's a Czech . do you speak ... girl ( annoyed ) of course not ! Helmut be angry with the girl because he really want to get off the train and yet can not because of the accuse look in she eye . helmut ( pointedly ) then how do you know it 's he ... birthday ? girl ( with typical child logic ) he tell I . helmut he speak german ? girl no . helmut but he tell you it 's he birthday ? the girl nod firmly as do the other child . the boy watch it all , wide - eye . Helmut figure to put a end to this . helmut what date be this ? girl ( after think it over ) why , it 's he birthday ! this be too much for Helmut to fathom . he turn he head away , try to think . girl do not you believe he ? Helmut turn back to they , look first at the girl , then at the boy , he little upturn tear- stain face full of wonder . Helmut soften , recalling perhaps he own birthday disappointment . helmut of course , I do . ( pat boy 's head ) tell he I wish he a happy birthday . girl he know that . but ... but what be you go to do about a present ? Helmut fan he clothes , find the harmonica and produce it with a flourish . helmut aha , the very thing . he can be the clown while I be go . another angle - favoring the czech boy as Helmut bow and hold out the harmonica to he . helmut happy birthday . the boy look solemnly at Helmut and the harmonica . he do not quite seem to understand what this be all about , but the harmonica be entice . he look up at he countryman for encouragement . they smile at he , and he take the harmonica , examine it , then blow into it experimentally . when he hear the SOUND that come out , he brighten . then the little girl with the rag doll come forward and offer it to the boy . he look at she strangely , one of the older german boy scoff . german boy he 's a boy ! doll be for girl . the little girl be hurt , and look to Helmut for support . helmut when you give something you love ... it do not matter if it 's the right thing . he take the doll and put one of it 's hand in the boy 's hand , the other in the little girl 's . they stand look at each other and share the doll . Helmut look towards the door apprehensively , but there seem to be no action outside -- and there be the eye of the child on he . helmut maybe we have time for a birthday game . a quick one . let I take a look . int . boxcar - full shot Helmut go back to the door . he glance around outside . there still seem to be time . he return to the child . helmut everybody line up behind I now , and I will show you how a train go . wait -- the harmonica . Helmut look around for the new owner of the harmonica . he go over to he . helmut May I borrow it back ... for just a minute or two ? the boy study he dubiously with that " indian - giver " look in he eye . helmut for just a minute -- then I will give it right back to you . ( try a sort of sign language ) just for the game . finally the boy hand over the harmonica and manage a smile because he see all the other child smile at he . helmut good . now everybody ... line up behind I . the child scramble into line behind he . Helmut look back at they . helmut grab hold of the one in front of you ... ' cause we be go to be a fast express train . the child , laugh and giggle , grab hold of one another . helmut ( call out ) all aboard . all aboard . he put the harmonica to he lip and begin huffing and puffing on it , imitate a train . he begin to shuffle he foot and move slowly down the side of the car ... the child hold on for dear life and follow he ... they eye shine with expectation as Helmut begin to quicken he pace . CUT to : int . boxcar - nearly dark dim shaft of light from the two small square vent opening near the top on each side , give the boxcar a eerie look . Helmut stop abruptly as he hear the slamm of the door . the child pile up behind he . helmut wait ! he move quickly to the door and tug at it . find it lock , he pound on it . helmut open the door ! let I out ... let I out ! but the train noise drow he voice . then the boxcar suddenly lurch and start to move forward . Helmut 's pound weaken and stop . he turn from the door , he face reflect he fright . the child , not quite understanding what have happen , gather around he , and pull on he . he manage to control he fear , and look at the child , he manage a big smile . helmut guess I be go with you after all . he switch on the lantern and hold it high so its ray cover all the child . child let 's play some more , doork ? Helmut glance down at the tot , start by the suggestion . then he nod in a stunne sort of way . he put the harmonica to he mouth and begin puffing on it . CUT to : ext . railroad siding - evening scharff and sergeant hoffman stand watch the boxcar move away . mo . two shot - scharff , hoffman scharff I be glad that 's over . call in the sentries . sergeant hoffman yes , sir . he start to move away . scharff kessler in the car ? sergeant hoffman kessler ? scharff the clown ? sergeant hoffman ( look around ) I ... I guess he be , sir . scharff you guess ! scharff race to the car with sergeant hoffman right behind he . the camera follows they . scharff peer inside and find the car empty . with a angry glance at hoffman , he hurry to the truck and look in the cab . it too be empty . scharff ( move back toward hoffman ) I tell you to get he off the train . sergeant hoffman I tell he , sir . he be stand right by the door . I be sure he get off . scharff do you see he ? sergeant hoffman why , I ... scharff did you ? sergeant hoffman you tell I to see that the car be couple on . when I come back ... why would not he get off ? scharff idiot ! ( shouting ) Guards . guard ! the other soldier come run from o.s . scharff the clown prisoner be miss . he may have escape . search the area . if he get off the train he must be around here someplace . the soldier rush o.s. into the deepen darkness . close two shot - scharff , hoffman scharff you know what happen if he get away . sergeant hoffman ( hopefully ) he can not get very far . scharff look o.s. after the disappear train . scharff if he 's on that train -- he 's go farther than you know --- CUT to : long shot - train - evening ( stock ) the rear of the boxcar be just disappear from sight in the darkness . closeup - scharff scharff ... or he know . dissolve to : int . boxcar - moving - day it be the next morning . Light be come from the vent and the lantern which hang from a peg in the middle of the right side of the car . Helmut be asleep on the floor with the child huddle around he . he lie on he side with one arm throw protectively over the little Czech girl , inga , and Willie . behind he , the Czech birthday boy and the girl with the doll be cuddle close to he . other youngster have they head on he leg and foot , and all be as close to he as they can get . he be , in fact , a sort of human bed . from the train noise o.s. we can tell that the freight train be slow down . then , with a jolt , it stop , and o.s. we hear a truck engine approach . Helmut stir and sit up , try to get he bearing . this arouse some of the child and they too sit up and look around . child what be it ? be we there , doork ? where be we ? why be we stop ? helmut I do not know . he untangle himself , rise and stretch he numbe arm and leg . he start toward the door , but it slide open suddenly and a burly guard vault inside . behind he we see a truck similar to a move van be back up to the boxcar . Helmut blink uncertainly at the light pour through the door . burly guard everybody up . no noise . the child be too startle to move . the guard notice Helmut and react . burly guard who the hell be you ? helmut where be we ? burly guard how the devil do you get in here ? helmut I ... I be from the other prison . get lock in -- by accident . burly guard ah , for ... ( shouting out the door ) sergeant ! CUT to : ext boxcar - day we see now that the train have stop at a isolate siding . the truck have back up almost to the door of the boxcar . a sergeant climb down from the cab of the van and hurry to the boxcar door , the camera panning he there . sergeant what 's the matter ? burly guard look at this . he 's from the other camp . get in here with the shipment . sergeant how do that happen ? helmut I ... I be take care of the child back there and ... accidentally get lock in . sergeant of all the ... what 's you name ? helmut ( realize he 's in big trouble ) doork. Helmut doork . the sergeant fume for a moment , then ... sergeant ( to the guard ) put he in the truck with the other . and , let 's get go . CUT to : int . boxcar - day angle to the door as the sergeant disappear . reaching out , the burly Guard lower the tailgate of the truck so that it form a bridge to the boxcar . burly guard ( to the child ) all right , in the truck , quick now ! the child , most of whom be on they foot now , hesitate , look to Helmut for guidance . the guard seize one youngster and shove he toward the door . instead , however , the child fly to Helmut and grab he around the leg . burly guard I say move ! helmut ( quickly ) wait . let I . ( to the child ) everybody up . come on . up , up , up . he move around , help the still seat child to they foot . when they be all up ... sergeant ( to Helmut ) not you . helmut do not you want I to stay with they ? they will be frighten without I . burly guard not for long , they will not . sergeant ( to guard ) that 's enough . get they inside and keep they quiet . burly guard start to prod the child but they do not move , they eye be fix on Helmut . burly guard ( threateningly ) move ! helmut do as he say . and , do not worry , I will be with you soon . I promise . reluctantly , the child march off . they look back frequently at Helmut who wave to they . sergeant ( to Helmut ) come along , now . they walk over to a two-story building . Helmut look back in the direction of the child , then look about the camp . helmut this be just another prison . sergeant what would you expect ? helmut I think the child be go to a better place . the sergeant , with a incredulous look on he face , stare at Helmut . int . cell - day the cell be a small , bare cubicle contain only a cot and a open toilet . in the wall , front on the prison yard , there be a small bar window . Helmut stop pace and move over to it , and look out . the camera swing so that it be shoot past Helmut 's head through the window . at the far end of the yard we can see the windowless stone building . as Helmut stare out at they , we hear approach footstep . Helmut stiffen , turn toward the door as the SOUND of the footstep grow louder and louder . the camera swing toward the door as it open to reveal captain curt runkel , a slender , impeccably groom and thoroughly nazify officer of the elite s.s. he be the embodiment of all hitlerian ideal . runkel stride into the cell . runkel ( over shoulder to guard at door ) Close the door , and wait out there . Guard close the door . runkel study Helmut coldly . without take he eye off Helmut , he pull out a cigarette case , take out cigarette , light it and slowly inhale . runkel you be a remarkable man . very remarkable . Helmut stir uneasily . runkel have you any idea where you be ? Helmut shake he head . runkel auschwitz . this be auschwitz . ( a beat ) mean anything to you ? ( before Helmut can answer ) you may have observe we be enlarge we facility . he move over to the window and look out , puffing slowly on he cigarette . runkel still a great deal of work to be do . ( proudly ) it 's go to be we most efficient , most modern prison . ( he turn and smile ) and , I might add , most unique . ( walk back towards Helmut , study he carefully ) runkel yes , you be a remarkable man . I always wonder about remarkable man . ( then evenly ) why do you come here ? helmut I explain . I get lock in the boxcar and ... runkel ( cut in - still bland ) ah , yes . a accident . unavoidable I suppose . helmut I be take care -- I mean , the commandant request I to take care of the child . runkel ( a slight note of mockery ) the commandant ! runkel toss he cigarette on the floor and very deliberately grind it out with he boot . runkel I have speak to you commandant . he hs you list as a escape prisoner . helmut escape ! but ... runkel ( finish it for he ) ... it be a accident . ( he face close to Helmut 's ) be you one of they , clown ? helmut ( terrorize at the think of death ) no ... no ! I be not one of they . I be not ! runkel smile , move away from Helmut . runkel you misunderstand completely . the juda goat be never kill . he be not worth kill . ( move to cell door ) I be just ask you to lead they . another angle - favoring helmut his eye plead , " no . I can not do it . no . " runkel not ... even to save you own life ? for a brief moment , Helmut struggle to find the courage to stand up to runkel -- but he have no courage and he sink slowly to he knee , he head bow . close shot - runkel runkel ( victorious ) I be glad to see you be not a self - appoint martyr . two shot - helmut , runkel runkel tower above Helmut who sit back on he haunch , lean against the wall . runkel just think ! now you be really one of we . the truth of runkel 's remark hit Helmut like a devastating blow . he turn he face to the wall in shame . runkel walk to the door , rap on it , the guard outside swing it open . helmut ( attempt to get to he foot ) Sir ... Sir ... could I ... could I have a little time with they before ... before ... his voice trail off . runkel look at Helmut while he think it over . he move back to the middle of the cell . runkel yes . yes , of course . ( he look at he watch ) I can give you about half a hour . ( a little smile light he face ) you see , we be not heartless man here . dissolve to : ext . childrens ' hut - day angle to the door as Helmut and the sergeant approach from o.s . Helmut have freshen he make -up . sergeant remember what I tell you . helmut there will not be any trouble . Helmut go to the door and start to open it . the camera move up to -- close shot - helmut with a great effort , he compose himself and throw open the door . CUT to : int . childrens ' hut - day angle to the door , where Helmut stand wear a enormous grin . the child be about the barren room in little group . when they see Helmut , they leap up and run to he , cling to he as he close the door behind he and move into the room . child doork , doork , you come back . you come back . we think you would leave we . do not leave we , doork . the child continue to ad lib expression of mingle fear and delight at he return . Helmut go among they , patting they head comfortingly . helmut there . there . it 's all right . it 's all right . everything be go to be all right . when the youngster be calm , Helmut hold up he hand for silence . helmut now I want everyone to put on a big smile and sit down , because we be go to have more fun than we have ever have . slowly , still unconvince that they have nothing to fear , the child sit on the floor . helmut good . we will start by see that we all have we name on we head . the child begin to lower they head so Helmut can check to see if they name be still there . helmut ( as he move among they ) yes , yes . there 's fritz , Maria , sadie , inga , josef , Nathan , helga , Willie ... the little girl with the rag doll hold up the doll for Helmut to see . helmut ah , yes , frederika ! good . I see all of you name . this be almost too much for Helmut , but he manage to control himself by turn away for a beat . then he turn back to the child , he big smile back in place . helmut now ... on with the show . just watch this . CUT to : pan shot - child they little face be troubled , worried . dissolve to : pan shot - child it be a half hour later , and now the child be laugh at something Helmut be do o.s . the camera pull back to -- mo . shot - the group Helmut be walk a imaginary tightrope . every few step he almost lose he balance , but with comical gyration he manage to complete the walk . he bow deeply to the child -- and fall flat on he face . the youngster laugh , applaud and squeal delightedly . two shot - helmut , willie Helmut be lie on the floor near the boy . he look up at the tot and grin . willie doork ! doork ... you be great ! Helmut grab Willie and hold he close while he fight back he tear . Willie plant a big kiss on he cheek . Helmut scramble to he foot , the camera pulling back to -- wider angle shoot past Helmut to the door as it open , revealing the sergeant , he face expressionless . Helmut react . sergeant ( to Helmut ) it 's time . helmut just a few more minute ? the sergeant shake he head . helmut I will bring they . the child be watch he , puzzle . child what 's the matter , doork ? where be we go ? you come with we this time . where be they take we . helmut ( try to think what to say ) they ... they want we to move to another building ... where we will have more room ... to play . ( a beat ) tell you what . let 's make it a big circus parade . everybody get in a line behind ... he pick up Willie and stand he near the door . helmut ( continue ) ... behind Willie here . the child scramble up and begin form a line behind the very proud Willie . Helmut look around for the boy with the harmonica . helmut now , where 's we band ? the harmonica ? he see the boy and go to he . Helmut pantomime play the harmonica and point to himself . the boy smile widely , fish the harmonica out of he pocket and hold it up . helmut there we be ? everybody ready ? here we go . Helmut take he place at the head of the line , like the pied piper , lead the youngster out the door , play a crude sort of circus parade music . the little child giggle excitedly as they troupe out . the older one seem less certain , but as long as Helmut be with they , they feel secure . CUT to : ext . prison yard - day as the procession of youngster emerge from the barrack with Helmut dance along at its head . the sergeant and the other two Guards stand watch in disbelief as the line turn and move along toward the first of the windowless building . mo . shot - sergeant , guard they look at each other incredulously . what they be see surpass they imagination . full shot - helmut , child shoot from a high angle as the procession move toward the camera . Helmut look back at he charge from time to time , smile and wave and always puffing away on the harmonica . the child smile back , some timidly and some a bit fearfully , but all smile . pan shot - parade camera pan in on the child as they march behind Helmut . we see some of they strutting , they little arm swinging freely . some of the little one have to skip to keep up with the other . they be all smile . close shot - helmut with each step , Helmut look about , he eye search heaven , praying for the miracle that will save the child ... the sudden blast of thunder , the strike down of the guard . close shot - sergeant , guard as they follow the parade warily , almost as if expect a trick . they wear scowl wear into they face by long use . mo . shot - build - helmut Pov its steel door gape open . through the open doorway we can see a bare room in which what appear to be shower head jutting from the wall . a single ceiling light give the room a stark appearance . the camera pull back and up as the procession come up toward the building . close shot - helmut despair fill he eye as he realize that there be to be no miracle . he look ahead into the room , he courage fail he and he stop so abruptly that the child behind he run into he leg . he turn and look at they , then back to the door . wider angle almost reluctantly , Helmut stand aside . he try to smile , but the result be almost grotesque . he try to speak , but no word come . the sergeant and the guard drift up toward he , scowling . gently , Helmut tousle the hair of little Willie and steer he through the door into the room . the other child follow he hesitantly . Helmut put the harmonica to he lip and begin play again . another angle - taking in sergeant and guard first guard they clothes ! they have get to undress . the sergeant start to move toward the line of child , the sergeant grab he arm and stop he . sergeant leave they alone . mo . shot - helmut , child shoot over Helmut 's shoulder down at the child as they file past he . each one hesitates a beat before he and look up at he . they face be wonder , but trust . they smile tentatively . only the little girl with the doll hang back , wait for something rather than fearful of enter . when all of the other child have go in , she go up to Helmut and wordlessly hold out she hand in a silent request to enter with he . in she eye be the absolute certainty that he will . close shot - helmut - little girl Pov he look down at she hand for a long beat . mo . shot - helmut , little girl the little girl wait for Helmut , but he do not take she hand . shyly , she begin to withdraw it . suddenly , Helmut reach out and grab she hand , clutching it desperately as he need she innocence to control the panic that be tear at he . holding on to she to steady himself , they walk together into the room , the camera panning with they . CUT to : int . chamber - day angle to the door as Helmut and little girl enter . suddenly , the door slam shut behind they . Helmut whirl to it instinctively , as if to shove it open or cry out for help , but he do neither . close shot - helmut his face be press against the steel door . he fight the panic within he . then , he quickly wipe he eye and turn back towards the child . slowly he take three chunks of stale bread from he coat pocket and begin juggling they , at the same time waggling he head from side to side , slowly at first , then more gaily . from deep inside he come a tiny , tiny laugh . the camera pull back slowly to reveal the child in the f.g. suddenly , Helmut toss the piece of bread high , high into the air and stretch out he arm to encompass all the child . as they gather around he , they take up he soft laugh , timidly at first , then more assuredly until the chamber resound with gentle laughter . CUT to : if another man' child be threatened and you move not to protect it , the child of all men be in jeopardy and you stand as guilty as that who threaten . JOHN f. o'brien fade out the end