alcc ve entertainment the double by Richard ayoade and avi korine ( base on a original idea by avi korine ) alcove entertainment St. Georges House 6th floor , 15 , hanover Square London , w1s 1hs +44 ( 0)207 409 1990 info@alcoveentertainment.com www.alcoveentertainment.com alcove entertainment develop in association with film4 '' Channel 4 Television Corporation and alcove entertainment Limited one fade in : int . subway train - very early morning close on simon jame . his eye be close . it be difficult to tell whether he be asleep or not . we hear a voice off screen . man you be in my place . simon open he eye . he look up . simon sorry ? man you be in my place . simon look around the carriage . it be almost completely empty . he look back at the man quizzically . the man stare at simon in a hostile manner . perplex , simon get up and stand by a hand rail . the man take simon 's place , fold , out a newspaper and start to read . simon look at the man who , from behind he paper , raise he middle finger at simon . simon look at he reflection in the glass window of the subway train . he look ghostly and half - form . simon be in he late-twenty to mid-thirty . he be of average height and build . his hair color and clothing be unremarkable . although he be handsome , he be not overly so . in '' short , '' he be a thoroughly average man . the title appear over Simon 's face , so forlorn it almost make you want to cry . '' the double . '' the train stop and the door open . a crowd of people spill in , push Simon back . he fight against the flow to try to get out . several people bump directly into Simon without so much as a word of apology . simon ( be push ) sorry . Simon wait for the other to get on the train . his path finally clear , he attempt to leave again . as he step forward one last person jump onto the train bump he to the side . simon ( cont 'd ) Excuse I . the person do not even acknowledge Simon . there be a beep and Simon have to leap forward , barely make it out through the slide door . as the train depart , we see simon get smaller and smaller on the empty platform . ext . STREET - very early morning we be in New York , or some comparable metropolis . though everything be familiar the world be somewhat off , somewhat strange . Simon walk down a mostly empty street , keep he eye lower . there be huge building on either side of he . any other people on the street be walk in the other direction and Simon have to dodge they to avoid collision . ext . office - continuous simon wait outside a enormous office , build . it 's relatively desert . time pass and a few people , come and go . eventually , simon spot . a woman , hannah , approach the lobby of the building . simon smile , then compose himself and skip after . she . int . office lobby - early morning Simon enter the lobby of the office building . a few step ahead we see hannah . she be use a card to swipe through a barrier . Hannah be Simon 's age . she be a little unkempt , but very pretty . simon Hannah , be you go to ... Simon smile and quicken he pace a bit . he take out he card , and swipe through , but the barrier do not move . a guard sit behind a large marble desk call out to Simon just as Hannah begin to turn around . guard you , hey . Simon turn and look at the guard , surprised to be single out . he look a little nervous . simon I ? guard all visitor have to sign in . Simon move to the desk where he take a pen . simon my card 's not work for some reason . guard all visitor have to sign in . simon I work here . I have a card . my name be Simon James - you do not recognise I ? he see Hannah get into a elevator and watches=the door close . Simon frown and sign the sheet . his be the first name . he be give a day pass that say ' simon AMES - temporary visitor 's . simon .( cont ’d ) oh , sorry . my name be Simon James . not Simon , Ames ... Simon trail off as he see that the guard be no longer pay attention to he . int . elevator — early morning Simon ride up a enormous elevator . the biggest elevator you have ever see . we watch Simon from above as he stand alone in the middle . int . office - early morning Simon sit at he cubicle in the middle of a enormous office space . the place be separate into hundred of cubicle . simon be the first person there . his desk and cubicle be just slightly too small for he . every cubicle have the same computer . the computer be enormous , take up half of the cubicle space . they be box -y and make loud whirring noise that fi11 the office . the office have no window other than wall make of tinted glass . 4. Simon sit down at he desk , adjust himself in he too small chair . he look at a stack of paper and frown a little . a few people enter the office dress as Simon be , with a white shirt and tie . Simon look up and greet they with he slight , hesitant voice , but none of they acknowledge he . int . office - later all the cubicle be now full with office worker . everyone be much , much older than Simon . Simon sit at he desk , copying a hand - write page onto he computer . the page be all questionnaire : long survey - like document of various people , fill with category like ' profession " , ' marital status 's , ' personal habit 's , ' interest 's etc Simon finish up the page he be copying and move , to the next page . he have nearly complete copying a , enormous batch . int . office - day Simon stare off into the distance . he occasionally peck something out on he keyboard . across the room we see mr . papadopoulos , a extraordinarily round man . he have thick eyebrow and he brown suit indicate that he be in management . papadopoulos that 's right , that 's great . make the big push ! Simon jump up and approach Mr. papadopoulos . he fix he hair and grab the stack of papers he have just complete '' copying . papadopoulos talk to everyone and no one at all as he weave he way through the maze of cubicle . papadopoulos ( cont ’d ) excellent work everyone . we have get to work double - time now , make the big push . we watch from above as Simon , carry he stack of papers , triangulate he way through the cubicle to cut off Mr. papadopoulos . simon Excuse I . umm , Mr. papadopoulos ? papadopoulos yes , what 's that ? simon I want to tell you I finish up . I have do the first ... papadopoulos excellent job ! ( he take the stack of paper from Simon ) that 's the type of initiative we need . i’1l tell the colonel right away . how long have you be here , son ? just start , eh ? simon ( frown ) Seven year , sir . papadopoulos ah , of course . ( slap he head with realization ) thank you . simon ( confuse ) you be welcome , sir . ( beat ) actually , I have some rather exciting idea I ' 4ve be want to share with the colonel about what we could do with the computer , thing that would make the report much more powerful , and efficient and ... papadopoulos very interesting , I must say . ( pause ) come with I . Simon follow papadopoulos . he seem a bit startle and excited , he might get he chance to discuss he idea . papadopoulos ( cont ’d ) my daughter 's name be Melanie . simon ( confuse ) a nice name . papadopoulos have now stop at a strange office behind the tinted glass . the door say , '' the Colonel 's quarter . executive Offices . '' papadopoulos she 's intern for the holiday . 6 . melanie be sixteen year old . she smack she gum , have she foot up on the desk and be painting she toenail . papadopoulos ( cont ’d ) say hello , Melanie . Melanie do not even look at Simon . melanie hey . simon ( confuse ) hello . papadopoulos stanley here 's go to be you mentor . Simon nod along happily for a moment , then look at papadopoulos . simon what ? papadopoulos a hour a day ... at you discretion . ( beat , quietly to Simon ) she 's a good girl , but no head for figure . with that papadopoulos enter the strange office . melanie idiot. ( to simon ) you can go now . Simon remain , look confuse . simon yes , I do have to be go , I suppose . melanie because if I be to find out how depressingly meaningless what you do actually be I might be force to feel sorry for you . int . coffee room - later Simon search he wallet for a dollar . he can only find a five . he use the change machine and pick up the heavy load of quarter . int . coffee room - later Simon sip he coffee and stare blankly ahead . he see a poster on the notice board that say , ' the colonel 's ball . drink , dancing , enjoyment . attendance mandatory . 's Harris enter the room . he look through he wallet for a moment before turn to talk to Simon . harris you finish you report yet ? simon just a little while ago . harris you think you could help I out on mine ? simon I do the entire thing last time . harris I know . I still have the inspiration , it 's just my power of concentration seem to have wane . simon ( shaking , head ) just leave it on my desk . i’1l get to it . harris do you have any money ? simon sigh and give harris some coin for the machine . he make a coffee . harris ( cont 'd ) ( smile ) fantastic . ( hesitates , not much to say ) uh , what else be go on ? simon shrug . harris ( cont 'd ) you go to the Colonel 's Ball ? simon it 's mandatory . harris some drunk girl 's gonna get it . there 's a pause . harris ( cont 'd ) see ya . int . elevator - day simon stand with a large stack of paper under he arm . int . photocopying dept . simon wait at the counter . he see hannah approach . Hannah 's face be hard to read and she do not give out to many visual clue . she 's different than the rest of Simon 's coworker , but inscrutable . simon hi. can I get this copy please ? hannah ( not unkindly ) I do this for you yesterday , do not I ? simon well , it be something ... a telephone ring . hannah step away to answer . hannah sorry . a mean-looking woman , liz , take she place . liz why do not you just print out two copy ? simon sorry ... liz you should not use this department for just one copy . she take the papers . liz ( cont 'd ) this be the last time . simon watch hannah talk on the phone as we hear the rumble of photocopier . liz ( cont 'd ) hey , Hannah . can you stay late ? I have get to get this lump check out . hannah look over and nod . int . cafeteria - day Simon sit alone at a circular table in the middle of a enormous cafeteria . people sit together at table all around he , while Simon barely touch he food and read a book . Simon look up from the book and see Hannah also sit alone at a nearby table . harris sidle up beside he . harris you hit it yet ? simon what ? harris that chick , Hannah , you bang she yet ? simon I be just try ... harris that 's the spirit ! simon ( frown ) no ! I have barely talk to she ... harris make a move at the Colonel 's Ball . that thing end up like Roman orgy . simon she do not strike I as the type to go . harris it 's mandatory . everyone have to go . simon not everyone go . 10 . harris she 's pretty good look , but as long as you do not talk much and she 's waste ... they sit in silence for a moment . harris ( cont 'd ) hey , I just realise : ' Colonel 's Ball 's sound funny . int . office - early evening Simon sit at he desk . he look very tired . he be talk on the phone . simon ( into phone ) yes , mother . I will be there . I be just work a bit late . the office be empty . harris enter . simon ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) Goodbye , then . harris , see ya . simon bye . harris hey - watch this . harris climb up onto one of the desk and manage to jump across all the cubicle till he 's by the door on the other side of the room . he bow and leave . ext . office - night Simon stand across the street from he office building , not many people be around . Hannah exit the building alone . Simon slink back into the shadow and watch she go . he sigh . int . old - folk home - night Simon sit in a uncomfortable look chair , opposite he mother . Simon 's mother be not particularly old , but she have cloudy eye and a generally vacant expression . in the distance we see other resident watch a date game show . all the furniture seem a bit strange . 11 . closer be a tiny old lady of unclear ethnicity , perhaps a gypsy woman . she be bundle up and seem to be stare at Simon . Simon glance at she occasionally , look uncomfortable . simon thing be go very well for I at work , you will be happy to know . I expect to speak with the Colonel about some plan I have be work on . you would not believe what this computer be capable of . I really think they be go to change thing . mother ( a bit angry ) what be you go on about ? Simon continue as though he 's use to this . simon there 's also a girl that I be interested in , and well , it 's be go slowly , but I think something might be about to happen . gypsy woman you mother say you be a strange boy . simon srange ? no. well , she 's never be particularly warm , and sometimes she get confuse . mother ( forceful ) you will never catch a female use that puny worm as bait . Simon 's mother reach for he lap but he uncomfortably push she hand away . simon though she do have she moment of lucidity . gypsy woman let I see you hand . simon no , thanks I be fine . gypsy woman you be not right . 12 . Simon look a little concerned , but a man from the staff approach he . staff May I speak with you ? simon yes. ( to gypsy ) Excuse I . Simon walk a few step away to speak with the man . staff there seem to be a discrepancy in you bill . simon yes , well , there be a rather large cost increase , and no explanation , so I think it might be a mistake . staff there 's a new price . simon and why be that ? staff improvement . Simon look around at the obviously unchange room . simon but that seem a little ... staff would you like you mother to rot on the street ? simon ( think a second ) no . staff good . that 's settle . Simon seem about to say something , but shake he head . simon she do not seem quite as well . staff ( already hurry away ) it 's because she 's old . 13 . Simon sigh and look back at he mother . the gypsy woman stare at he . ext . apartment courtyard - night Simon walk home through a enormous complex of tall apartment building . they look so alike you can not tell the difference between any of they . ext . dumpster outside apartment - night Simon sift through the dumpster behind a apartment building . above be a shoot from which the trash come . a black bag drop down as Simon look through the debris . Simon have several scrap of paper in he hand but be still search . he finally find another scrap of paper and greedily grab it . he step down from the dumpster and be embarrassed to see a janitor watch he . janitor you should not be do that . simon . sorry . ext . apartment build Simon hurry across the courtyard to the apartment directly across from the building the dumpster be attach to . int . apartment block stair simon hurry up the stair , almost run into a old woman on he way up . int . simon 's apartment . Simon enter he apartment and quickly walk to the window , turn on a small floor lamp . his apartment be very sparse and small ; a bookshelf , desk , and a small television . there be few picture on the wall and he bed sit on the floor . it be meticulously clean , the product of a very order personality . Simon look out the window to the hundred of apartment in the building across from he . Simon reach up and lift the window open as wide as it can go . the wind pour through the apartment and Simon lean out , look into the great distance below . 14 . he take he jacket off and look into a rather large telescope . it be train on the apartment opposite he . Hannah stand at a draft table where she see draw a face . her apartment be colorful and cozy , but there be something of the same feel of loneliness in she room as well . she be concentrate fully , bite she lip . she look charming . she step back from the draw and we see it be Liz ; the mean person she work with . it be very well do . she be unhappy with the draw , though , and tear it up , toss it down the trash chute . on she wall be a handful of complete drawing , presumably of other face from the office . Hannah have let she hair down . she look very comfortable and walk to the window where she languidly stretch . we see a hint of she bare midriff . she then walk to she couch and lay back , yawn deeply . in he apartment Simon reach for a simple chair and remain watch Hannah . Simon take the piece of paper he collect from the trash and put they on the floor , ; , . work to piece they together . we see that it be another of Hannah 's drawing , a earlier draft of liz - but still very accomplish . Simon look up from the floor and return to the telescope . he see he reflection in the glass , hollow and ghostly . simon what 's wrong with you ? hannah get up and leave the room . simon wait for a while before allow himself to tilt the telescope and survey aeman watch a commercial . a beautiful woman brush she hair in the mirror . someone with he back to we pee in the bathroom . Simon move the telescope to the apartment above Hannah 's and we see a man dress very formally in a tuxedo stare directly at Simon with he own pair of binocular . the man have a piece of paper pin to he lapel . he be hold a bloody handkerchief to the side of he head . Simon take a step back in shock and embarrassment before look through the telescope again . the man be still there , stare at Simon through he binocular . the man wave at Simon . 15 . he look exactly the same as the man who tell Simon out of he place n the Subway . Simon hesitantly raise he hand in reply . the man step on the ledge of he window . the man , now steady on the window , again wave at the man dramatically leap from the window . the man to fall and fall . we never see he land . Simon gasp and jump up . he still have he hand up response to the man . two ext . apartment courtyard - night the flash of police light fill the courtyard . voice in the background . to move Simon . seem in we hear Simon lean against the side of the building , within the area cordon off by the police . two police officer be carefully carry a body , already enclose within a bag , dowm . a ladder . the body have on a hard veranda . land a fat detective.is sipping on a cup of coffee and write note as he talk to Simon . a female detective look over he shoulder as he write . fat detective and then what do you do ? simon I call the police . fat detective right. ( beat ) anything else ? simon he wave at I . fat detective ( seem momentarily interested ) yeah ? simon right before he jump . he wave . 16 . female detective how would he wave ? Simon make a wave motion , look embarrassed . fat detective do you wave back ? Simon do not say anything for a moment . simon I wonder why he do it ? fat detective his note say he be lonely . should of get a dog . female detective or exercise more . that 's important . fat detective should I write that down ? female detective maybe , in parenthesis . Simon shake he head . simon do he suffer ? fat detective splat . Simon grimace . two paramedics be load prepare to load the body into a ambulance . simon do you see this sort of thing often ? fat detective every day . that 's what we do , suicide . simon only suicide ? fat detective yep . simon for the whole city ? the detective look at he like he 's crazy 17 . female detective we can barely cover the neighborhood . ( beat ) you know , the funny thing be he would have land on the awning if he have just jump a few foot to the right . probably survive if we would get here quick enough . horribly maim of course , but still . fat detective if you can get they to the hospital quickly enough to stop the brain swell . female detective that 's true . we see Hannah a few foot away . her hair be down and»wshe be hastily dress . the detective walk off to check on something and Simon watch they . Simon walk up to Hannah . simon . Hannah ? hannah look at . Simon , somewhat daze . simon ( cont 'd ) it 's Simon . I work in the same office as you . I often photocopy thing ... hannah what be you do here ? simon the man that jump . I be the one who see he . hannah how ? simon I live in that building . hannah he live above I . my neighbor tell I about it . ( beat ) I do not know he . 18 . simon he wave at I . hannah ( shaking she head ) strange . as they watch the police work with move the body . Hannah cringe and grab Simon by the arm . Simon talk loud , as though he be resolve . simon it 's the Colonel 's Ball tomorrow . ( beat ) do you think you will go ? hannah it 's mandatory . they stand in silence for a moment . han nah turn to leave . Simon shout after she . simon Hannah . hannah yes ? simon . it 's terrible to , be alone too much . int . diner - evening Simon and Hannah sit opposite one another in the booth of a ancient look diner . simon yes . so , I have be work on a thing to do with regression analysis . like , in my spare time . I be pretty happy with it . I be hope to show it to the Colonel when it 's ready . I mean , you would not believe what this computer be capable of . I really think they be go to change thing . hannah ( neutral ) I do not really understand computer . they be quiet and a waitress come and drop off they drink . 19 . Hannah have tea in front of she while Simon have some blue soda . Simon look a little confuse . simon ( Calling after the waitress ) erm , I order orange juice ... no reply . simon ( cont 'd ) but I suppose this be just as good . they sit quietly for a few moment . Hannah and Simon turn to a nearby television which be play a odd futuristic sci-fi / noir movie . Simon look down at the table . Hannah 's wrist be near he hand . it be fine and fragile , she hand be stain with pencil smudge . he slowly move he hand forward . Hannah turn to look at Simon and he quickly avert he eye back to the television show . sci -fi detective ( on the tv , dramatic ) there 's no such thing as ... second chance . simon I like this show . Hannah smile at Simon . he find it hard to read she expression . they return back to the screen for a moment . simon ( cont 'd ) do you draw ? hannah ( look suspicious ) why ? simon it 's just you hand . Hannah look down and rub the pencil mark from she hand . we hear a phone in the background . hannah it 's from the printer . simon because it 's cool if you do , I like ... waiter you have get a call . 20 . simon it 's not for I . waiter frumpy look guy name Simon . simon ( hesitates ) that 's I . ( to Hannah ) hold on . int . phone booth - moment later Simon quickly grab for the pay phone . he try to look around the corridor into the restaurant but just barely can not see where Hannah be sit . simon ( into phone ) Mom ? ( beat ) yes , but it 's just a night terror . ( beat ) no that do not ever happen . ( beat ) I know I be a disappointment . ( beat ) I have to go , I be with a girl . ( beat ) yes , a female girl . ( beat , sigh ) I do not know if she 's fertile . int . diner - moment later Simon stand at the table , but Hannah be now go . her tea be - only partially finish . he pick up a note , it read , '' sorry , have to go . maybe see you at the Colonel 's ball - Hannah . '' Simon look both discourage and excited . he lift he eye once again to the silly show on the television . it go to a commercial break and we cut to a image of a enormous pile of papers , taller than a man . voice over think of what you business could do if it have a giant , electronic brain . the stack explode and the sheet of paper begin to fall , tumble one after another to reveal a enormous computer . a man be under it , type away , smoking a cigar 21 . this be the colonel , a european - look man in he 60 /70s dress like a member of the british Royal family . voice over ( cont ’d ) well now it have . meet the Colonel . the Colonel walk through a enormous room of attractive woman clack away at computer . voice over ( cont ’d ) for year , the Colonel have provide you business with the most detailed personal profiling on the market . use he powerful super computer to provide all the information you need to know exactly who you target consumer be . int . screening room - day we reveal that Simon , Melanie and Harris * watch a orientation video . harris ( whisper ) do she say anything else ? simon ( whisper ) no. just , that she be definitely go . harris you should have stroke she earlobe . melanie this be colossally boring . Simon and Harris return they attention to the video . voice over the Colonel will go to any length to find everything about anybody . we see a montage of data collection . in each shot , the Colonel be co-ordinate . Men in overcoat conduct bubble test : take note at what someone busy at a drugstore ; look through someone 's trash . simon it 's actually quite exciting , the new technology be incredibly powerful . right now we be use a scattershot approach , but ... ( more ) 22 . simon ( cont 'd ) I have be meaning to talk to you father and the Colonel about this ... use simple regression analysis and hone in on a few key signal we can use this machine to find out anything we need incredibly quickly . we could really reconfigure the entire business . ( beat ) you know , I really think computer be go to change thing . both Melanie and Harris look at Simon as though he 's crazy . we return to the video . the colonel be shaking hand with various people next to one of he enormous computer voice over government , corporation , foreign national ... the Colonel can service all you need . melanie be you touch my earlobe ? we return to see Harris , reach he hand behind Simon 's head , limply hold Melanie 's earlobe . harris yes ; I be . simon Harris : that 's not appropriate . melanie I be go to leave now . ( beat , to Simon ) and , you be pathetic . she 's get to be at the ball , it 's mandatory . harris do that mean you will be there ? melanie I be underage , you sack of shit . harris do not fight it . she get up and leave . 23. melanie ( to simon ) I just hope I be not so upset that I tell my dad about this . simon ( turn to harris ) what be you do ? you should not even be here . he leave . we see the projection screen . voice over because the Colonel know there be no special people the colonel ( straight to camera , with a slight Russian accent ) just people . int . bathroom - evening simon stuff he work clothes into a bag . he be wear a tuxedo . he look in the mirror and practice introduction . simon oh - hi Hannah . , Hannah ! hi. Hannah ? hey. Simon . from the scene of the suicide ! etc. int . office — , evening again , Simon be the last one there . he dump he bag underneath he desk . he look around tentatively , then step up onto he desk to repeat the trick Harris do . but , as soon as he set foot on another desk a alarm sound . he look around in panic . int . interview room - moment later Simon sit opposite someone who be type up a report on he . simon what be you write ? investigator one do not make this worse for yourself . simon I have never do anything like that before . 24 . investigator two Card please . simon hand over he identity card . the person put it into a card reader and key something in . investigator one this card 's corrupt . you will get a replacement in six to eight week . investigator one cut it up . simon how will I get in and out of the building ? investigator two the card replacement fee will be deduct from you wage . int . lobby of colonel 's ball venue - evening a large door , like that of a ambassadorial build . Simon stand in the lobby , next to a man with a clipboard . behind he a woman be look something up on a computer . Simon have clearly be wait a long time . guest in evening wear arrive and enter the building . we hear a band play in the background . simon why do no one else need to swipe in ? man we carry out this check at random . if you be suggest you be be persecute , you 'il need to fill out this form . he hand Simon a form which be head ' you have the right not to be persecute '. harris appear . harris see you in there . simon see ? he know I work here . Harris ! tell he who I be . harris I have never see that man before in my life ! and he disappear . 25 . simon he 's be a dick ... the man look sternly at Simon for swear . simon ( cont 'd ) -a silly person . I have my card confiscate - man because it be corrupt . woman ( call out ) I can not find he on the list ! man she can not find you on the list . simon everyone be on the list . I have work here for seven year . man please step away . simon I work here . why would I try to break in to something that 's mandatory ? it 's a job requirement . man be you plan to use force ? simon do you know what mandatory mean ? no one want to go to this . we hear joyous cheer from within . man please step away . ext . colonel 's ball venue - moment later Simon wander around in disbelief . he try to see what 's go on inside , but the angle be too steep . ext . service entrance colonel 's ball venue - moment later Simon creep in through the kitchen . a couple of staff member look at he suspiciously . Simon stop and look around and pretend that he 's inspect the premise . 26 . simon very good . excellent . i’1l be tell the Colonel about the great work you be all do . int . corridor - moment later simon , crouch down peer through a crack in the door . we see he Pov of a grand ballroom . people be milling about , eat canape , chat , laugh and dance to the music play by a band . the band be impossibly old . a waiter swooshes by , leave simon expose in a odd posture . he walk forward in a crouch manner and try to casually segue into stand up and walk properly . a few people notice he , but he 's largely ignore . int . ballroom - continuous simon pick up a drink and some hor d'oeuvre . he look at a long table full of strange raffle prize . the band play a fanfare and people shuffle «to attention . Mr. papadapolous take to the stage and stand on a pre- prepare box . papadopolous and now we take a brief break in we revelry to honour we Young employee of the , Year . and to present the award be '' last year 's winner , Mr. Stevens . fanfare . Mr Steven 's approach : he look between fifty and sixty . papadopolous get down off the box and pick it up . mr . steven and the winner be ... he ' produce a envelope from he pocket . papadapolous come over to help he , as Mr. Stevens have a prosthetic hand and find it difficult to open it . the band 's drum roll start to» become frighteningly long . mr . steven ( cont ’d ) Mr. Harris . we he hear a whoop of delight from harris - a spotlight find he . we have audience applause . we see Simon , unable to believe he eye . int . ballroom - a little later Simon wander through a series of room , look for Hannah . 27 . various people enjoy themselves . papadopolous be do a vaguely racist impression of someone , to the delight of some business colleague . he see Hannah sit at the other end of a room . she 's in a fifty - style ball gown and be smoking a cigarette . Simon watch she for a while . she look a bit bored , alone , seemingly ready for someone to approach she . time seem to stand still . the song play by the band sound epic and romantic . just as she look up and return he gaze , two man grab Simon and start drag he out of the building . man you be not mean to be here . simon what do you mean ? I work here . simon look mortify . he gaze at Hannah , '' who look confuse , but not particularly concerned ) more and more people at the dance start look around . the band stop play . simon ( cont 'd ) you be make a mistake . I work here . I work here ! he try to shrug they off . simon ( cont 'd ) there 's no need to drag I . they simply re-double they aggression - the struggle become ; more undignify . a few step away we see the Colonel . he listen to someone speak , nodd with a benign , patrician air . he turn to look at Simon . someone whisper in the Colonel 's ear . Simon look up : this be the first time he have see this figure in the flesh . ext . colonel 's ball venue simon be throw down the step and onto the street . man the appropriate amendment will be make to you record . Simon get up . he be visibly shake . behind the door we can just make out the sound of the band and see some movement in the hall . Simon stagger about for a bit . he be frustrated , pace back and forth , seem almost like he 's go to cry . 28 . Simon start to punch at the air and flail . completely let go . simon what 's wrong with they ? I ’ma person , like other people . what 's wrong with you ?! it give the Colonel the complete wrong idea about I . I have thing to say to he . idea that he have very much like to hear , I be sure . Simon push the glass door several time cause it to clatter as he continue to yell . finally he kick the door which give a shiver , but the only real result be a sharp pain in he foot . Simon begin to curse to himself loudly . the door swing open and the security man again look sternly at Simon who continue to curse . man do you want something ? Simon look as though he 's about to say something , really let the man have it , but as he clutches he foot he find himself say simon nothing , - I do not want anything . the man stare at Simon , the party still go on in the background . the man turn and the door slowly draw to a close . as ' the door be close we see a man not too far away in conversation . he turn around and we only catch a glimpse of he , but he look exactly the same as Simon . the door clatter shut as Simon try desperately to see . Simon seem to go limp with horror . he slump against the wall as though faint , lowering he head , apart from himself and lose in a nightmare . ext . bridge - night Simon stand on a desert bridge overlook a great deal of traffic . he stare down . there be a strange feel in the air . we be not quite sure where we be and thing seem a bit off , almost as though Simon be not in control of himself . a long shadow appear , follow by the clip clop of foot . 29 . a figure start walk towards we . Simon do not look up until the figure pass he . the man glance back . again , incredibly , he have the same face as Simon ! after he recover from shock . Simon start to follow he . ext . various - night simon follow the man through various street . the man be walk so quickly that Simon can barely keep up . ext . simon 's apartment block - night the man reach Simon 's apartment block and , without look back , skip into hannah 's block of flat . simon rush up to he apartment . int . simon 's apartment - continuous Simon run to the telescope and start scour the various room to see if he can see where he double be . something draw he to the flat above Hannah 's . he see a door open and light pour in from the corridor . the main light be switch on . the figure walk to the window and stare almost straight at Simon before draw the blind . although very distant , the face bear a strike resemblance to Simon 's . three int . simon ’'s apartment - morning Simon wake up with a start . he be still wear he dinner jacket . int . office lobby - morning Simon - look a bit tired and rumple - be signing in just as Hannah pass . this time he manage to get into the elevator with she . int . elevator —- morning Simon stand awkwardly at some considerable distance from Hannah . simon there be a bit of a mix up at the ball last night . unfortunate . hannah I be go down . 30 . simon I do not mind go down . simon wince to himself . simon ( cont 'd ) and then up . a awkward rest of elevator ride . Hannah say ' bye 's and exit . the door close and the elevator start to travel back up . in frustration , Simon kick the wall . the elevator stop and a alarm sound . int . interview room Simon sit and watch the person type . investigator one Card please . off simon 's look we cut to int . office - day dejected , Simon tread heavily through the office while people clack away at they computer . occasionally someone look up and smirk in memory of last night 's event . Simon sit down at he desk . he roll he eye at Harris who be stand nearby . Simon look past Harris and see papadopoulos walk closer and talk to a person obstruct from we view . papadopoulos we can really use a young man like you , especially right now with the big push and all . papadopoulos have now move into Simon 's field of vision , just a few cubicle in front of Simon . Simon stand up to get a better look at the new person , but he view be block . papadopoulos ( cont ’d ) I would like to introduce everyone to we newest co-worker . a bright young man who I be sure will be a asset . he ask to be move here from we sister office . Heard it be the best . papadopoulos give the man beside he a push in the rib . Simon move a few step to the side but Harris be in he way . we get just a glimpse of the man . 31 . Simon continue to move closer , as though he be compel . quite a few of the other worker in the office have stand up as well , get a look at the new employee . but now the new person have turn in the other direction . Simon wait for he to turn around , but as he do papadopoulos again obstruct he view . papadopoulos ( cont ’d ) I will let you get start . Young hotshot , soon you will have my job . Simon be now quite close to papadopoulos , and only a few . pace away from the new man . papadopoulos move to the side , and for the first time we see the new worker . the man , jame , be the exact double of Simon . Simon and James be play by the same actor . every physical attribute be identical , except Simon 's clothes be slightly more wear . Simon gasp , he eye wide and he , mouth agape . Simon continue to stare at James , who for the first time make eye contact . James smile at Simon , a strange half - friendly , half - threaten smile . papadopoulos ( cont ’d ) his name be James Simon . Simon let out a high - pitch squeal . everyone in the office turn to Simon . he be embarrassed andysmile sickly . across from he James give a little wink . Simon sway unsteady . his eye roll and he tumble backwards . int . office - moment later Simon be on he back be fan by Mr. papadopoulos . papadopoulos do not worry , my cleaner be a diabetic . we just need to jama cookie down he throat ! Simon lift himself up , look around wildly . simon no , I be not diabetic . what happen ? where be he ? 32 . he search the face around he but do not see he double . simon ( cont 'd ) Sir , it 's just a shock that , well you know . the new man . papadopoulos ( look perturb ) do not worry son , we be not replace you . ( beat ) I be not one of this holier than though type . drug can be healthy for a person , just leave it out of the office . simon what , no , not drug ... last night , a man I do not know ... papadopoulos no need for detail , it 's happen to we all . back to work . papadopoulos reach down and help Simon up and set he back at he desk . James return and sit down opposite Simon . simon let out another high pitch squeal . papadopoulos ( cont ’d ) I ' 1l leave you to it . int . simon 's cubicle - later Simon peer over he cubicle . he never take he eye off James . Simon run he hand over he face . he be very flustered . Simon frantically search around he desk . he find a stapler and look into the shiny metal bottom . we see he distort reflection in the stapler . int . coffee room - later Simon drink a glass of water to calm he nerve . he appear to be hyperventilate . int . bathroom - later Simon have finish wash he face in front of a long mirror . he have calm down and focus on he breathe . simon it 's go to be okay . it 's just a resemblance . you be just a little spook , right ? 33. Simon nod to himself slowly in the mirror . a flush come from a bathroom stall . Simon look embarrassed and turn to leave the bathroom . as Simon try to leave , the door to the stall swing open and James exit . they be now face to face , and time seem to slow . they carefully inspect one another ; they be mirror image . they start to move again and begin to engage in that awkward dance one do when try to get past someone . Simon and James both attempt to go to the leave , then to the right . James give Simon a friendly smile . Simon rush from the bathroom . int . office - later Simon be hide behind a door at the side ofthe office . he be watch James sit at he desk . '' around James 's desk we see several other employee , include Harris . int . office - later Simon remain in he hide spot , watch James . Simon wait until he see , Harris leave for the elevator . he quickly sidle up to Harris and grab he by the arm . int . canteen - day Harris have two extremely large hot dog in front of he . the restaurant be busy , but Simon do not eat . Harris take a huge bite of the hot dog and moan with pleasure . he get ketchup on he lip . harris thanks for the dog . you want a bite ? Simon seem to be tremble . simon Harris , the new worker here , he ... ( lean in and whisper ) you speak to the new employee ? harris James ? sure , I meet he . simon and ? 34 . harris seem like a okay guy . Simon look around to see if anyone be eavesdropp . Harris take another bite of the hot dog . simon do you notice anything strange about he ... I mean , do he remind you of anyone ? harris well ... I do not know . not that I remember . simon I mean ... I , for instance ? Harris think this over for a moment . harris yeah ... you know , now that you mention it ... he do kind of remind I of you . simon yes , but , what I mean be ... harris yeah , yeah ... you , know , you do look related . almost like brother . Simon grab Harris ' arm . simon ( in horror ) we look related ? you think so ? harris ( get excited , louder ) you do ! it 's true ... I do not realize at first . you look just like he ! or he look just like you . it 's incredible ! simon it be incredible ! why do not you notice ? harris I do not know , you be pretty , well , unnoticeable . but it 's a miracle . I meet a man who have a moveable tailbone . but that 's nothing compare to this . ( more ) 35 . harris ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) it 's like , destiny . simon there 's no such thing . it 's a incredible coincidence , but ... I mean , there be six billion people on the planet . a few be bound to look the same . harris ( think ) if you be chinese , maybe I would buy it . no , this be definitely something . you 'il probably end up wrestle at the top of a tall building before one of you fall to you doom . that 's normally how they end doppelganger movie . or you be twin separate at birth . that often happen . simon what 's he like ? harris I do not know . he 's a guy . simon . do you know why he. transfer ? harris how should I know ? simon but do not they ... do you know if they say anything about I ? harris what be there to say about you ? Simon open he mouth and cock he head . int . simon 's cubicle - afternoon Simon peek cautiously over the top of he cubicle and watch James . James bob he head while Simon look at he mistrustfully . int . office hallway - evening Simon walk into the enormous and empty elevator . he wait for the door to close . just before the door close James join he . 36 . int . elevator - evening Simon and James stand next to each other . again the resemblance be incredible . everything about they be the same . they both clear they throat at the same time , then simultaneously frown . James appear content , but Simon 's face show he concern . int . office lobby - evening Simon and James walk through the lobby . they walk stride for stride , as though mirror image . ext . STREET - evening Simon and James step out of the door at the exact same time and turn directly into each other . James , as though just decide something , but still sure of himself , say jame would you like to get a drink ? ext . STREET - night jame and simon run giggle from a bar . they howl down the street , kick thing over and laugh like child . int . simon' apartment . night . Simon and James . stumble through the door , drunk . simon disappear off to the kitchen . simon ( 0.s. ) that be so much fun ! like when you say to that man ' who be you look at , friend ? 's that be amazing ! I would never do that . I mean , we be almost in a bar fight for god 's sake . ' who be you look at ? friend . 's jame take a look round the apartment . he stroll up to the telescope and look through it . he see Hannah 's apartment . Hannah be curl up on she sofa watch the sci - FI detective series on tv . he give a look of recognition . he hear the sound of simon return and walk back to the centre of the room . simon have return with one can of beer and one glass . jame I all take the can . int . simon 's apartment - continuous 37 . simon and jame sit and finish they beer . they both seem pretty drunk . jame so what 's the action like round here ? simon action ? jame yeah - in the office . that red haire girl who sit opposite we be a dirty , dirty thing . Simon laugh uneasily . jame ( cont 'd ) and that french - sounding brunette with the red top and red nail . maybe we should take they out which one do you want ? simon what ? jame , I prefer the french - sounding brunette , but either way . simon ( laugh ) no , that 's alright , you can . you can have both . jame ( shake head ) never again . so , you get a girlfriend ? simon no . jame you a flamer ? simon no . there 's someone I have be think about a lot . jame like some fantasy shit ? simon no , she 's real . a person . 38 . jame well , what 's the problem ? simon I do not know . I have all this thing I want to say to she . he be sounding quite drunk now . the camera stay on he , move closer and closer . simon ( cont 'd ) like how I can tell she 's a lonely person - even if other can not . because I know what it be to be lonely and lose and invisible . jame Simon , let I tell you something . I will help you out with this . you have to go after what you want . I have tear the asshole off a elephant for a piece of trim I want that bad . simon I have try talk to she but I do not know how to be myself . it 's like I be permanently outside myself . like you , could push you hand straight through I if you want to . Simon look at he hand . simon ( cont 'd ) I can see the type of man I want to be versus the type of man I actually be . ( beat ) I know that I be do it , but I be incapable of do what need to be do . I be like pinnocchio . I be a wooden boy , not a real boy . and it kill I . simon look over and see that jame have fall asleep . int . simon 's apartment - night Simon put a duvet around jame and a pillow under he head . then gently Simon trace a line from jame 's temple to he chin with he finger . simon I be pleased we meet . 39 . Simon get up , turn the light off and go to bed . int . simon 's apartment - morning Simon wake up . he groggily get out of bed and stumble into the live area . jame be nowhere to be see . in fact , there be no sign that he be there at all . four int . office lobby - morning simon be signing in at reception while people quickly swipe in and bustle on to the elevator . a beam jame appear . jame it 's okay : he 's with I . guard no problem James . ( to Simon ) just go right through . simon uneasily put the pen down and follow James . jame seem to already be on friendly term with a number of people in the building . he walk to the elevator greeting a number of people . ext . elevator - a little later Simon and James exit the elevator . James be obviously do the capper line to a joke . the people in the elevator all laugh . simon what time do you get in ? jame I do not know - about a half hour ago . int . office - continuous harris approach . jame hey - do you get a chance to look at that report yet ? harris yeah - I leave it on you desk . 40 . jame thanks , man . Simon give a look . int . work bathroom - afternoon Simon and James stand side by side together in the bathroom . they shirt be off and they pants rest at they ankle . Simon look very uncomfortable . simon somebody 's go to come in . jame turn this way . Simon shift and James look amaze . jame ( cont 'd ) exactly the same . simon down to the smallest freckle . James look pointedly at Simon 's crotch . jame I think mine be a bit bigger . Simon start to disagree but just then we hear the toilet flush . Mr. papadopoulos , emerge from a stall read a newspaper and buttone up he pants . Simon frantically try to pull up he boxer . James just stand there confidently . papadopoulos ( not look up from the paper ) keep up the good work boy . papadopoulos exit the bathroom , leave Simon scramble with he shirt and James still nearly naked . simon Jesus . I be get back to work . Simon start to leave but James call after he . jame wait ! ( beat ) we be do the switch right ? 41 . simon I do not know . what if they find out ? jame look , I be good with all this social stuff . you be a awkward misfit , but you can help I out and take the test for I . ( beat ) we look the same and nobody will find out . simon but papadopoulos put I in charge of he daughter . jame do not worry , kid love I , and you do not even like the little brat . ( beat ) you just take the test . I / x11 baby - sit for a hour . simon do you know anything about what we do here ? jame what 's to know ? simon Fine . jame look , we be a team , now . i’1ll help you , you help I . like this girl , Hannah , you have get to take a step back . you can not just stalk she . chick do not dig stalker . unless they be sting in that song . right ? ( Simon nod ) great . within a week you be go to get hand on boob . that 's a promise . Simon . look at I . within a week : hand on boob . Simon half laugh , half - shake he head with disbelief . int . office - day Simon sit at James 's desk . he be work on a test . 42 . int . coffee room - later James sit at the same couch next to Melanie . Melanie , far from be sullen be now effusive and interested . melanie no , all of the boy in my school be so childish , so immature . jame nothing but a batch of raging hormone . int . office - later Simon be finish up the test . he look at the clock and it be well after noon . ext . coffee room - later James be sit much closer to Melanie . James talk near she ear . jame you need to realize that data entry and collection and computer and stuff can be sensual . it have a romance . all this life thatewe be recording , they dream , they hope , they love . each person out there , apart , yet connect . we be give this faceless people immortality ... melanie wow . he start to stroke melanie 's earlobe . int . office - later Simon hand the test over to a secretary outside Mr. papadopoulos 's office . she look up at he and smile . secretary finish already ? simon when do you think you 'il have the result ? secretary for you ? right away . the secretary smile at Simon . he be puzzle , unused to such treatment . 43 . int . coffee room - day jame be look out of the window , check that the coast be clear . melanie exactly . it 's like daddy want I to go out on a date with he friend 's son . like just because we be the same age do not mean we have anything in common , right ? jame it 's no substitute for real emotional connection , that 's for certain . I have always feel emotional maturity be unrelated to material age . ( beat ) you know , you have the most remarkable cleft in you chin . melanie you think ? jame close the blind . jame , I think . int . office - day Simon sit at James 's desk while Mr. papadopoulos stand over he excitedly . Simon do not seem to be pay much attention , instead focus on he empty desk . papadopoulos I know we hire the right man , I just know it . simon thank you , sir . Simon continue to wait for James to return . he be look at he empty desk . papadopoulos where be the kid from that desk ? he 's be here a while . just between you and I he have not impressed . simon I be sure there 's some explanation . ( more ) 44 , simon ( cont 'd ) I have find he to be quite competent . he 's probably do something important . papadopoulos stick up for a co-worker , I like that , admirable . papadopoulos waddle down the aisle of the office and Simon stand , look back at he desk . James have suddenly appear , sit in Simon 's chair . he wave to Simon and rush over . simon ( agitate ) where be you ? jame how would I do ? simon you ace it . James clap he hand and do a spin . jame I know it ! simon I tell you to be back a hour ago . jame do not worry ! the old man be a idiot . we be go to run this place . int . canteen - day Simon and James be finish up they lunch . James be eat a apple suggestively . in the distance we see he be make intense eye contact with Hannah . she look up at he and then avert she eye . Simon be talk to James who be only half - listen . jame she 's definitely look at you . simon you think ? jame what do I tell you ? just ignore they for a few day and they 's 1l come crawl . 45 . simon I do feel like she 's be look at I a little . jame of course she have . that 's what you get when you listen to Captain jim. ( suddenly urgent ) look . she want to come over . I be go to hang back . simon what ? jame just remember what we talk about . play it cool . simon look up . hannah be come over to the table . jame scuttle away . hannah do you mind if I sit here ? simon sure . as in no . I do not . sit. definitely . ( beat , try to be cool ) I mean : it 's a free country . there 's a awkward silence for a while . hannah I have really pluck up my courage to do this , but now ... ( laugh ) do you think we could maybe meet after work ? simon okay . hannah it 's just I do not want people round here to listen in on we . you know what it 's like in this building . be there a place we could meet where we will not have like work people around ? we see jame look on from a distance . Hannah leave Simon 's table . he look around and see James . Simon smile , James smile back . 46 . ext . bridge - evening simon pace . he 's wear a relatively smart jacket and look like he 's take a little more care with he appearance than usual . he see Hannah approach , casting a similar shadow to when Simon see the double after the Ball . hannah Nice spot here . simon I like to watch people as they pass . it 's a good place to think . hannah yeah , the fume help with that . ( beat ) so : here 's the thing . I have this crush on someone . simon a crush ? hannah and this person on whom I have the crush do not know that they be the subject of my crush . ( beat ) and I be pretty sure this person might have a crush on I too . simon how do you , know ? hannah I have see he look at I . simon right . hannah he work in my office . so I often notice he look at I . simon I see . hannah and he seem to have move right next to where I live . simon that could be a coincidence . hannah it could be . 47 . simon have you ever think of tell he how you feel ? hannah I would not dare . simon why not ? hannah I do not know ... simon you should tell he . hannah he just seem like one of that people who 's really popular . simon popular ? hannah you know - everyone like he - I imagine he have a lot of girl interested in he . he probably look at everyone . simon blanch . hannah ( cont 'd ) but , you seem close to he so I think you might know what he think . simon right . you mean James ? hannah oh God - be it that obvious ? I do not know what it be . I have never meet anyone like he . not that I have really meet he . I think I have say hello to he maybe once . simon you have never meet anyone like he ? hannah do you think you could find out if he be interested in I ? God this be so dumb ! simon you really think he 's so unique ? what exactly be so unique about he ? 48 . hannah I do not know . simon try to think . hannah he have something . simon but you have never even speak to he . how can you know if he have something ? hannah you can tell by just look at someone simon by just look at someone ? hannah yes. ( beat ) listen - maybe it 's better if I just tell he . simon do not do that . look - I x11 tell he . if you want . hannah really ? simon sure . we be pretty close so ... he listen to I . hannah oh , thanks . only if you be comfortable with ... simon of course ! hannah I know it seem a little shallow of I ... simon no. sorry I do not mean to pry or ... hannah no. thanks ... she 's clearly forget he name . 49 , simon Simon ... hannah sorry ! I be just flustered . I be ... she hug he . we see simon allow he face to relax into disappointment . hannah ( cont 'd ) that 's great . there 's a awkward pause . hannah ( cont 'd ) God . this be so teenage ... int . simon 's apartment - night simon lie on he couch , look up at the ceiling . he suddenly rush to the bathroom . int . simon' bathroom —- continuous Simon vomit into the toilet . he stand up groggily and look at himself in the mirror . int . simon 's apartment . live room »- a little later simon look through he , telescope at jame 's apartment . he be slump on a chair play a video game . he be greedily throw popcorn into he , mouth . below we look at Hannah 's apartment . she be draw at she desk . she seem to , be happy , concentrate on she draw . a few foot away we see several drawing that she have make of James . Simon sigh and hang he head . int . office corridor - day Simon walk , defeat , next to James . throughout this walk James pass various people who all acknowledge he , but not Simon . jame well I be flatter , but she 's not really my type . simon she 's not you type ? jame there 's something slightly tragic about she . Melanie on the other hand ... 50 . simon stay away from Melanie ... jame I be only kid . she 's underage anyway . just . simon I be responsible for she . jame check out a girl who walk past . jame this may not be such a bad thing anyway . I mean she 's obviously pretty shallow - she do not even know I . simon why do I even tell you ? they bump into harris . jame hey , have you get change for the machine ? harris , sure . I always keep change in my desk . Simon make a face . they go to Harris 's desk where there be indeed a stash of change . jame ( pick up with Simon again ) because you be a good person . I would have just go as I . jame spot melanie across the office and wink at she . jame ( cont 'd ) but look , we have a arrangement . in 1ll help you tonight , and you help I with the report for papadopoulos . we be make some real progress here . he should know you name soon . off simon 's look we CUT to : ext . STREET - evening Simon and James walk along . Simon have he head down as though concentrate while James speak like a professor , use plenty of hand motion . 51 . jame you need to have more of a swagger to you walk . if possible you want to kind of rotate you pelvis . ( beat ) it let they know you have a full range of motion down there . ext . restaurant - night Simon and James stand outside a restaurant watch as people walk in . James stare intensely into the eye of a moderately attractive woman and lick he lip slightly . the woman look at James as she enter the restaurant . jame ( triumphant ) do you see that ? she be all over I . simon she be ? jame of course . it 's because of my lip action . ( beat ) show the tongue , but not like a lizard . you try . another woman walk into the restaurant and Simon try to lick he lip , but when he do so it somehow look grotesque . the woman huff into the restaurant . ext . park - night Simon and James be again stand close to one another . jame when you be stand next to they , or sit , you want to put you hand on they lower back . see ? James reach out and put he hand on Simon 's lower back . jame ( cont 'd ) not the ass , they sometimes get upset about that , but just above they . ( beat ) ( more ) 52 . jame ( cont 'd ) it show you be interested and you could push they down the stair at any moment . simon why ? jame because you have get the leverage . simon ( confuse ) here ? Simon put he hand on James lower back . James swat he away . jame stop that . it 's gay . simon you just do that to I . jame but it be I : you see the difference ? you can not be do anything gay . ( beat ) no ice cream cone . simon I like ice cream . jame of course : it 's delicious . Ice cream be fine - in a cup - but a cone be gay , unless you be with a woman at the time . simon ( confuse , but go with it ) anything else ? jame no riding on a motorcycle with another man . ( beat ) the only exception be drive by shooting , purse snatching , or bomb throw . anything else be gay . simon you know a lot about this stuff . jame Defense win championship . 53. ext . STREET - night Simon and James again walk side by side . jame you need to tell they how great you be , all the time . which mean you 's 1ll have to make thing up . simon what if they find out ? jame make it hard to research . like you be the captain of a Jai alai team in high school and a brigadier general in the navy with four confirm kill . something like that . simon I do not think anybody have believe that . jame then change the subject , and deny everything . simon I do not know if this be I . jame how have be you work ? ( beat ) you understand everything I tell you ? Simon look a bit overwhelm . simon I think so . jame show I . walk over to I and talk . Simon look hesitant . finally he start walk toward James with a strange , over - pronounce swagger while lick he lip furiously . he look ridiculous . simon hello , there . I do three tour with the merchant marine . James smile and nod at he proudly . 54 . jame this just might work . int . restaurant - evening simon sit opposite hannah in a restaurant . he look very uncomfortable . han nah shift in she seat . it be silent for a long , long time . simon ( v.o. ) you be fuck this up . say something . just say something . anything . how can you be fuck this up so badly ? we see Hannah play with she food . simon ( cont 'd ) ( to Hannah ) I use to be a Olympic swimmer . simon ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) go to the bathroom now . simon ( cont 'd ) would you excuse I ? int . restaurant bathroom - .evening simon / jame go into one , of the cubicle . jame be there wait for he . he have a small radio transmit device and headphone . jame what the fuck ? simon I can not do this with you shouting in my ear . Simon take a earpiece out of he ear , and start remove a clip microphone from underneath he clothes . jame be you plan to spend the entire evening mute ? I think we would plan this . simon she would know I be not you if I keep open my mouth . even when I say hello I see she fill with doubt . 55 . jame do you even jam you knee between she thigh like I suggest ? ( exasperate ) this would be go fine if you would say what I tell you to . simon like that I want she well - lube for later ? I can not say thing like that . jame that 's why you live alone with a telescope . ( beat ) that be cruel . I be sorry . it 's just I really want this to work out , and it 's frustrating I . come on , let 's try again . simon I be not go back up there . you go . jame be you kid ? after what you have do ? that 's send I to my death . simon we can find out what it be she like , about you . then I could try to be more like that on the next date if there 's a next date . jame Fine . but I be not wear that thing . jame indicate the microphone / transmitter . jame ( cont 'd ) you can watch . be not that what you prefer ? simon what 's that mean to mean ? jame I be just mess with you . simon I happen to have very serious feeling for this person . 56 . jame hey - I be try to help . do you think I like spend my entire fuck evening in the toilet ? simon I be sorry . jame that 's alright . remember : we be help each other out , okay ? give I you clothes . from now on we should always wear the same clothes . they start undress . ext . bathroom cubicle - continuous jame step out , quickly follow by simon . a man wash he hand at the sink double take . int . restaurant - continuous James and Simon get to the door lead back into the restaurant . James peek through it , but can not see Hannah . jame do you move table ? simon no - Simon watch James walk into the restaurant and summon a waiter . the waiter point to the door . jame glance at Simon , then turn and run . simon poke he head out more , try not to be see . we see hannah collect she coat by the front desk , on she way out . she leave just before jame get there . jame run over and follow she out of the restaurant . Simon creep out from behind the door , still nervous of be discover . he can see hannah and James engage in a heat row outside . it be raining , and Hannah 's start to get drench . jame offer he coat , but she reject it . Hannah turn to leave , but James pull she back to he . she slap he face , then he slap hers . she look completely shocked . she start to cry . 57 . James hug she . Hannah punch he from within the hug . James lean in to kiss she , Hannah struggle before seem to submit completely . the table at the front of the restaurant break out into spontaneous applause . we see Hannah and James look back in through the window , shy and coquettish , give a ironic bow and skip off into the night . we stay on Simon , perplex and breathless . as he gather he wit and make to follow , another waiter bring he the cheque for the meal . int . simon 's apartment block - night simon hurtle up the stair to he apartment . int . simon 's apartment - continuous he dash over to the telescope and point it at hannah's apartment , but the blind , for the first time , be close . five ext . office - day Simon wait for , jame . he 's still angry and be half - pace . when he finally see he , he bound over to intercept . simon James ! James ignore he , swipe in use he card , skip through the» lobby '' '' and catch the elevator , just as the door be close . he give Simon a wink . guard ( to Simon ) Visitors need to sign in . simon ( frustrated ) I be not a visitor . he start fill out the form , Simon look up and see Hannah , a dreamy look on she face . simon ( cont 'd ) Hannah ! wait up ! but she 's go . 58 . int . office . photocopying dept - day simon watch hannah from afar . she seem very happy . he approach the desk , hold a few sheet of a4 . again Liz be there to greet he . simon hi . I know the policy , but my printer 's actually break . liz Hannah ! that creepy guy 's here again . Hannah come over , still in a good mood . hannah hi , creepy guy . simon hey Hannah . I be just say to you colleague that I know the policy , but that my printer 's break - hannah do you want I to call and get it fix ? simon sorry , - hannah what 's you desk number ? she 's pick up the phone and be already dialling . voice on phone ( 0.s. ) hello ? tech support Simon quickly cut off the phone . simon that 's okay . I need a copy pretty urgently . and you know how long that guy take . like forever . hannah I have find they to be very timely . simon oh yeah - you have you date with James last night . do you ? be that last night ? there 's a pause . 59 . hannah do you want I to photocopy this ? simon yes , please . that 's why I be here . Hannah go over to the machine . Simon have a agonise wait while he papers go through . Hannah return with they . hannah one copy . simon so how do it go ? hannah how do what go ? simon with James . I just want to ask . hannah be not about to help out . simon ( cont 'd ) it 's just see that I make the introduction - hannah thanks for the introduction - simon I just want to make sure - hannah that he do not take advantage of I ? there be a long pause . simon do he ? do that ? because I feel sort of responsible . see as I make the introduction . hannah that 's very kind of you . simon but you be okay ? hannah I be okay . simon I be pleased . that 's a relief . good. 60 . int . office - day Simon march to he desk with the papers . he look around for James , but he 's nowhere to be see . int . coffe room - day Simon see Harris bang the machine . harris hey , do you have any change for this thing ? simon have you see James ? harris he 's in with papadopoulos . simon papadopoulos ? harris I know . do you think he ’1ll take we with he ? simon what be you talk about ? harris when he 's promote ? Harris give the machine another violent whack . int . office - day Simon sit at he desk . jame be still not there . he look through a report that 's sit on he desk , but he can not really concentrate . he get up and wander up towards papadopoulos 's office . he smile at the secretary . she do not return it . then he hear voice come closer to the door . he scamper back to he desk . he take a clear plastic folder from a office supply table and sit down to cover the project that 's lie on he desk . James suddenly appear next to Simon . jame do you have that papers , Simon ? Mr. papadopoulos be wait . Simon look at he . 61 . jame ( cont 'd ) the papers . James say ' the papers '' very slowly as if Simon be deaf or stupid . simon what the hell happen last night ? jame we can talk about that later . I be just about to get promote , which mean you be about to get promote , so why do not we get the papers to papadopoulus before he put Harris in charge . simon can see papadopoulos look over from near he office . they start talk in hurried whisper with fix smile on they face , for the benefit of papadopoulos . jame ( cont 'd ) this be the plan , right ? we be go to run this place . simon we have a plan last night . jame which you fuck up and I have to save with some brilliant improvisation and anyway I say let 's , talk about that later so stop be such a freak I be not even attract to she . simon ( reluctant ) okay . jame the papers . simon okay . jame some time today ... simon I be just put a cover on they . jame let I give you a hand . and with that James hold forth he hand as though offer a truce . 62 . Simon , still fiddling with the report absently grab the offer hand . the hand come off in simon' . it be a fake hand . James cackle , uproariously . jame ( cont 'd ) but seriously , you need some help ? Simon shake he head , annoyed . he be finish put the cover on the report . simon no no . that 's all right . it 's finish and I just have to ... Simon try to put on the cover , but only use one hand , hold the fake hand James have give he . jame oh please . let I do it . James reach for the project . Simon try to grab it and they both start pull , try to get it out of each other 's hand . simon ( more insistent ) no. really , it 's , okay . I can do it . papadopoulos be really stare now . Simon stop , hesitant to make a scene in front of papadopoulos . Simon turn to pick up the project and realize that it be go . jamé have take it and be walk toward papadopoulos . Simon trot after he . papadopoulos take the report from James , as Simon stand dumbfounded . papadopoulos great work , James . it 's good to see you at it already . that 's the kind of initiative I like . jame thank you , sir . I just think that a man should do the best he can possibly do at the work he 's do . 63. papadopoulos ( smile ) that 's the spirit . simon but , sir . papadopoulos I do not know what I be pay you people for . this guy just start . ( to Simon ) why can not you work like that ? simon Sir ! I think I have to make thing clear . ( beat ) umm ... James smile at papadopoulos with a pity look . papadopoulos I be not angry with you , son , I just hope you can raise the level of you performance . Hell , why do not you work with James here . see if you can help he put something together . Simon look shell - shocked , he be so angry he can barely speak . simon I can , i.s.. will . papadopoulos finally seem to really look at Simon . he notice the hand that James give Simon . papadopoulos what 's this , a joke ? simon what ? papadopoulos that be Mr. Steven 's hand ! simon what ? papadopoulos grab it from Simon . papadopoulos I do not know what kind of sick game you be play , friend , but I will not have any of it . ( more ) 64 . papadopoulos ( cont 'd ) Mr. Stevens have be look all over for that . ( beat ) do not move , I be armed . papadopoulos and James laugh at the joke and Simon turn around and see Mr. Stevens , sit at a cubicle . he only have a stump where he hand should be . and with that papadopoulos take the hand to Mr. Stevens . James follow papadopoulos back into the office , he turn to give Simon a smile . just before the door whoosh shut , Simon can see the Colonel walk up to jame and grab he warmly by the hand . int . office - evening Simon be one of the last people there . we time fade . Simon be alone . still no sign of James . he walk up once more to papadopoulos 's office . he listen to the door . nothing . confused , he leave the office . int . office lobby - evening Simon approach the guard simon you do not see anyone leave - guard I see a lot of people leave . simon no , I mean a specific person . James simon. ( beat ) he kind of look like I . guard no offence , but I doubt I have notice someone who look like you . int . subway train - evening Simon stand on a empty train carriage , look at himself in the window , distort and strafe with amber . int . old - folk home - night Simon stand a few foot away from he seat mother . his mother look very bad , pale and thin , much worse than when we first see he . 65 . a few foot away the gypsy woman be look at he . simon mother , be it possible ? do I have a twin ? she do not respond . mother this use to be my favorite song . simon there 's no song play . and besides , you hate music . mother ( whisper ) I think the nurse steal my undershirt . simon she do not steal you undershirt be you listen to I ? mother she keep look at I through she shifty eye . Simon , frustrated , try to stop one orderly who walk by , and then another . finally someone , come over to speak to he . staff you know , I be busy . simon yes , of course , but it 's about my mother . ( beat ) she seem worse . she have not even insulted I . the man look annoyed , he flip through some page of a chart . staff oh yes , she have some problem with blood circulation to the brain yesterday . simon like a stroke ! staff we prefer to call they cerebral incident . they happen all the time . ( more ) 66 . staff ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) cheer ! and the staff member move off . Simon walk over to he mother , she face seem slightly stricken , she stare at he , angrily , through one focus eye . gypsy woman Le Mark ! Simon turn around , surprised again by the woman . simon what ? gypsy woman you have the mark . I see it in you . you be half a man . ( beat ) a person can not be two , but one . ( hiss ) you must cut he out ! simon you be talk about he , be not you ? she lean forward and take something from beneath she blanket she hand it to Simon . simon ( cont 'd ) what do I do ? wo not you tell I ? the woman sturn away and we hear a clatter from Simon 's mother . he '' look at she , then down at he hand . the woman have give he a bone-handled knife . on the bottom we see a carve image of two snake , each in the act of consume the other . gypsy woman the double , must die . ext . simon 's apartment block - night Simon walk back through the enormous complex of tall apartment building . his foot click loudly as he walk . he look almost like the last man on a dead planet . int . simon 's apartment - night Simon sit at he bed . he look exhaust . he take the bone-handled knife from he pocket and stare at it for a moment . 67 . he place it into the drawer by he bed . int . simon 's apartment - evening Simon be study James 's apartment through he telescope . he have be do this for some time . there be no one there . briefly , he tilt down to Hannah 's apartment . Hannah 's watch the sci- fi show on tv , but occasionally she get up and pace about . she seem agitate . on she wall we see several more picture that Hannah have draw of James . there appear to be about a dozen of they . Simon sigh . suddenly she seem to hear a noise . tentatively , she pad over to the door . she try to listen to something that be happen outside . she open the door but there be no one there . Simon pan back up to James 's window , just in time to see he tip toe in with melanie , they be giggle . they shut the door and start kissing . James keep motion for she to be quiet . Melanie go over to the window and start to draw the blind , but James stop she , make 's sure they be open . as he 's kissing Melanie , he seem to glance over to Simon 's window , deliberately put on a show . Simon cover he mouth with disbelief . he can not watch . he think to himself , mutter . he go / to the phone and stab in a number . hannah ( 0.s. ) hello ? simon Hannah ? it 's James . come up . I want you . he replace the receiver and wince to himself . simon ( cont 'd ) she will never buy it . Simon return to the window and watch Hannah beautify herself . she decide between a couple of different outfit , try one pair of shoe , then another , decide on a dress , before take off the dress and put a coat on over she underwear . 68 . she check herself in a full length mirror by the door , mess up she hair and walk out the door . Simon swing the telescope to James 's flat . he can not find where James or Melanie be . after a beat , there 's obviously a doorbell sound , because James get up . he 's naked . he grab a robe and shuffles Melanie off into the bathroom . James answer the door and see Hannah , who 's allow she coat to fall open . there 's a clearly awkward exchange as James try to shoo she out of he apartment . Hannah gather up she coat , upset . jame return and see melanie . they go through a virtual re-enactment of the same pantomime between James and Hannah outside the restaurant . but this time it end with , Melanie storming out . Simon watch with delight . int . diner - night Simon and James sit next to one another at the counter of a old style diner . they read the menu in silence . Simon look a little uncomfortable but James seem to be compose . the waitress come over with a pad . waitress what x11 it be ? simon um ... i’11 have a coke and a bagel , please . waitress we run out of bagel . Simon be flustered and look through the menu again . simon well , I guess I will just have a coke then . waitress a coke . and you ? jame I would like a coffee . waitress a coffee . 69 . jame and some scramble egg . waitress we do not serve breakfast in the evening . jame why not ? waitress it say so on the menu ? jame do you still have egg here ? waitress yeah . jame and do you still have a fry pan ? waitress yes . jame then do I a favor and make I some scramble egg . Simon look very embarrassed and the waitress sigh . waitress Fine . anything else ? jame Bacon . waitress Bacon . jame and toast . waitress toast . jame and get I a glass of milk too . watiress anything else . jame that 's it . watiress you sure ? 70 . James hit he hand on the table and rattles the plate . jame just get I the damn food . the waitress scowl and head off . Simon look at James as though he 's a alien . jame ( cont 'd ) Simon , I want to thank you for last night . because after I catch up with Melanie in the corridor , we have the best make up sex I have ever have . in the corridor . simon I want you to stop see Hannah . jame I see . simon and I want you to stop mess round with Melanie . Simon shrug . jame , what else ? simon and ) I want you tell papadopoulos that I have be do all of you work since you get here . pause . jame you see , if I do all that , you have have to explain to papadopoulos some of you teach method . he fish some Polaroid out of he jacket pocket and put they on the table . the picture be of James and Melanie in compromise position . it be mostly kissing and grop . the waitress come over and fill up they coffee cup . she look at the picture and then tut at Simon . simon ( hiss ) what the hell do you think you be do ? put they away - 71 . jame and before you imagine you can pin this on I , who do you think papadopoulos be go to believe ? some dink he still call stanley or this guy ? he slide over a card . Simon pick it up . it be a photo id of jame 's smile face . underneath it say , ' jame simon : senior executive '. Simon put the card back on the table and slide it back over to James . he do not have the energy to speak . the waitress come over with the order . waitress we be out of coke . jame start eat hungrily . jame oh : I need you key . ( beat ) to you apartment . while I do not exactly care about Hannah , I do not want to be , completely insensitive . you see - ( he lean closer ) Melanie 's a bit of a screamer . simon look horrify . jame ( cont 'd ) it will be easier if we use you place . utterly defeat , Simon fish out a key from he pocket and slide it over to jame . jame ( cont 'd ) you should be proud : every time she come , she shout out you name . jame look at a attractive woman , sit next to they . jame ( cont 'd ) hey . I be James . simon look up at the tv . the sci- fi serial be play . sci -fi detective get up . get up ! or do you want to die on you knee like a snake ? 72 . ext . simon 's apartment block - evening simon pace outside he building . it 's cold and he 's shiver a little . he look up to he window and mutter to himself . the light be on . later - he see the light go out . he walk up the stairwell , hide in a nook until Melanie and James pass he . he climb up the stair . int . simon 's apartment - night Simon jump up several time and try to grab something from the door sill . he eventually scrape a key off the sill and pick it up . he drag himself into the room and immediately strip the bed of its sheet . int . office - day simon be sit at he desk . he be type at he computer . we see : ' regression analysis : a proposal by simon jame . much of the work we do here be inefficient , and could be vastly improve . in this report I will outline several key way in which efficiency ... 's hannah Simon ? Simon be take off guard , surprised to see Hannah in he domain . she look upset and nervous . hannah ( cont 'd ) do you think I can come to you apartment tonight ? ( beat ) I know it seem weird - it 's just - I think James be see someone else . simon right ... hannah - and he tell I that you sometimes watch my apartment from a telescope in you room - which I be fine with - I do not care - it 's actually reassure ina strange way — simon do you want to go to the coffee room , it 's a little public - 73 . hannah - and I think it could be interesting to find out exactly who else he 's see . Simon stand up and start to usher she into a corridor , away from the main room . hannah ( cont 'd ) not that he 's even try to hide it - simon do that mean he 's see you . because I be not sure -? hannah I can hear they above I in that room of he . simon he 's not a very good guy . hannah which I know and always have know , but to be make a fool of by ... simon . a villain . it 's not you fault . hannah of course it be ! I know what he be . but then he have say something about how he know I . that he could , tell I be a lonely person - because he know what it be like to be lonely and lose and invisible . like someone could push they hand straight through you , and I would just melt ! Hannah reach out , distraught , and put she hand on Simon 's chest . simon I think you should definitely not see he . hannah ( recover ) you think you be better ? I have see you with melanie. ( beat ) 74 . hannah ( cont 'd ) you apartment 's right opposite mine so you might want to close the blind next time you interfere with a minor . Simon be petrify for a moment . simon she 's nearly seventeen . hannah fuck you , polanski . do not worry - I be not go to tell - I just do not think you have it in you . she start cry again , and lean in to Simon . hannah ( cont 'd ) I just feel so fuck stupid to have fall for it all . he hug she , nervous that someone from the office will intervene . hannah ( cont 'd ) ( really cry ) he tell I he feel like pinnochio . I always love that movie . I just want to help he and look after he ! we see Simon react , look out over she shoulder . hannah ( cont 'd ) do n’ttouch I ! why be you touch I ? simon I do not know - hannah so can I come to you place ? tonight ? int . office - day Simon sit at he desk . he 's work on he regression analysis report . James appear and sit on he desk jame what be you do ? simon it 's private . can you not sit on my desk ? 75 . jame I need the key tonight . simon again ? jame what can I say ? simon can not you use you place tonight ? I have someone come over . jame laugh . simon ( cont 'd ) I do . what 's so funny about that ? jame hey . Mr. papadopoulos ! Mr. papadopoulos look over . jame ( cont 'd ) Simon have something he want to show you . papadopoulos start to waddle towards they . papadopoulos this better be good . simon Key - simon ( cont 'd ) I can not ... papadopoulos get closer . jame Key . simon no . still closer . jame let 's a picture of he and melanie float down onto the desk , it tumble onto the floor . Simon , put he foot on it . jame I have more . simon fine. 76 . jame I will get a copy cut . save future confusion . James take the key and scoot off , leave papadopoulos with Simon . papadopoulos well ? simon er... nothing . sorry . papadopoulos you need to shape up , stanley . I want to see some real work from you . simon actually I be work on something at the moment - something I think could help efficiency in the way= papadopoulos do not mistake my kindness . for weakness . he waddle away . ext . apartment block - evening Simon be pace , outside he apartment . the light be on . he 's urging they to hurry up . Hannah approach . , Simon steel himself . simon look , tonight 's tricky . hannah come on . I be not in the mood simon I be sorry , it 's not possible . hannah you have be stalking I for as long as I have know you and now you will not let I into you apartment ? simon I arrange to see Melanie tonight . ( beat ) I be outside now because I have to sneak she in the service entrance so the doorman do not we . 77 . hannah you be a snake . she shake she head and walk away . ext . various location over music , we see simon wander around the city at night . he go to the Bridge . he have a coffee in a diner . he sit at a bench . a old , frightening look man sit next to he . Simon get up . he try to sleep in a doorway but be move on by a policeman int . office lobby - morning Simon turn up at work , and sign in look totally dishevel . Hannah walk by he with a look of contempt . int . office - day Simon 's at he desk , stare , crush with tiredness . he see jame and melanie flirt outside he office . she laugh loudly at he joke and lean provocatively against the door . ext . various —- night Simon walk through the city . at one point he shadow briefly seem like it 's move independently of he . he turn round and see the frightening man who sit next to him»on the bench . ext . apartment dumpster - night Simon , out of habit , look through the dumpster outside of Hannah 's apartment . Simon frantically piece a few tear up strip of paper together . they be picture of James , but somehow this time they look more like Simon . ext . simon 's apartment - night Simon watch Hannah enter she apartment from near the entrance to he . we see he want to talk to she but hold back . she turn and see he , she look up to he apartment , she see jame walk to the window , he have no top on , melanie approach he and nuzzle he neck . she look back at Simon . 78 . she walk over to Simon and slap he hard on the face . hannah who be you ? simon ( hesitant ) I be sorry , I have not do anything . hannah you have not , have you ? you do not do anything . Simon do not say anything and Hannah turn , go back to she apartment . Simon put he hand to he face . int . simon 's apartment door - night Simon bang on the door . there 's no answer . we just hear giggle . he bang on the door again . jame open the door , brandish a._knife . he launch at Simon , knock he to the ground . James straddle he and run the knife along Simon 's face . jame , what do I tell you ? what do I tell you about disturbing I ? Simon be terrify . he look closely at the knife - with disbelief . on the bottom we see carve a picture of a snake eat another snake . simon where do you get that ? jame what 's yours be mine . simon none of it 's yours . jame you want it back ? James rest the knife on Simon 's Adam 's apple and give it a quick flick . it start to bleed . jame ( cont 'd ) have it . he throw the knife down next to Simon . 79 . jame ( cont 'd ) now , take care of yourself , we be in this together . James slam the door shut . melanie ( 0.s. ) who be that ? jame ( 0.s. ) oh - that James idiot ... Simon touch he neck and look at the blood on he hand . he look at the knife on the floor . ext . STREET - night Simon walk down the street late at night . many people be out , drunken and loud . he have be drink , and look a little unsteady . ext . underpass - night Simon seem to be walk in a world of shadow . he hum quietly to himself and we hear footstep behind he . vagrant you have a cigarette ? Simon turn and see three dirty look man follow he . they seem ominous . simon I do not smoke . vagrant you lie ? simon fuck you . Simon , drunk , seem to smile to himself as the man descend on he . they hit he and Simon collapse in a heap . they begin to kick at he and hit he in the face . Simon almost seem to smile , as though he be float out of he body . voice stop it , I know this guy . the man mutter and move away . Simon be help to he foot , we be not sure by whom . ext . bench - night Simon be sit with the frightening man . it 's clear that they be familiar with one another now , almost friend . 80. Simon have buy some food for they both . his face be mark up with dry blood . they eat side by side . frightening man in Russia we have a story . two snake be bear , brother . after a few month they grow and they shake the skin off so they can grow bigger . one snake he say it hurt too bad . so he 's not go to eat no more . just enough to live , so he do not have to get a new skin . the other snake , he eat everything , he want to get bigger , so he eat everything he can , and he grow strong . simon and what happen ? to the snake ? frightening man the big snake , he eat he brother , the one who do not grow . he become the biggest snake . int . simon 's apartment block - later Simon try to sleep in the stairwell of he apartment block . he be wake up by see melanie and jame leave . he collect the key from above the apartment door . he look around he apartment - it 's a mess . stuck between the frame and the mattress , Simon find a pair of handcuffs . he pick they up and stare at they . he place they , along with the snake-handled knife , in the drawer next to he bed . to he disbelief , there 's another snake - handle knife already in the drawer . he clear up some of the stuff lie around . he go to the bathroom and see the mark on he neck , it 's ugly and bruise . he clean it and cover it with a plaster . the rest of Simon 's face be bruise as well , include a dark and ugly black eye . int . office - morning Simon , he face bruise and batter walk through the lobby . he 's stop by a guard . guard over here . simon I know , I have to sign the guest book . 81 . guard name ? simon Simon James . guard I think , so , you be want in worker service . int . SMALL office - day Simon sit across from a man with a tiny bow-tie . the man smack he gum . office worker you do not exist anymore . simon Excuse I . office worker you be no longer in the system : you be go . simon I work here . I be sit in this chair , be I not ? office worker I smell you . simon ( seethe ) I have had»some problem with my apartment . ( beat ) put I back into the system . office worker I can not do that . simon why not ? office worker do not work like that . you either exist , or you do not . ( beat ) you be welcome to carry on work here , it 's just we will not be able to pay you anymore . int . simon 's cubicle - day Simon have not even look through the papers pile at he desk , instead keep he eye solely focus on James 's desk . it be empty . 82. harris you alright , buddy ? Simon jump to attention . simon yeah , thanks Harris . harris it 's get to be tough on you . simon yeah , yeah I guess it be . harris I get this book for you . Harris hand Simon a book whose title be , ' conquer substance abuse . 's harris ( cont 'd ) James tell we about you ... problem . simon thanks Harris . but I do not ... harris , you be welcome .. you need to finish it in the next week though , it 's only returnable through Friday . simon okay . harris I be gonna ask you ... but this might not be the best time . simon yeah , I will help you . harris oh , thanks bud . if you could have it ready by tomorrow . simon Fine . I do not like you at all , but you be the only thing close to a friend that I have here . harris I feel the same way about you . I just need to warn you though , I think you be like , on some kind of probation . ( more ) 83. harris ( cont 'd ) you know : you have be show up late , smell kind of bad . simon where be James ? Simon start to walk back towards he desk . harris I think he 's in he office now . simon he have a office ? harris yeah , papadopoulos be pretty impressed with he . apparently he 's write this incredible report on how to increase efficiency in the department . Simon do not even change expression . harris ( cont 'd ) hey : do you know what regression analysis be ? ext . jame 's office - a little later James , indeed have a new office . Simon storm past the secretary . int . jame office - continuous Simon open the door . a irritate secretary be behind he . secretary Mr Simon be in a important meeting ... James , lean on the edge of a enormous desk , be finish tell a joke . he seem extremely comfortable . Three or four people from the department be there , as well as papadopolous and Mr. Stevens . jame so two chinese virgin get marry right ? and it 's the night of the wedding and they just finish bone . the other worker chuckle , anticipate a joke . jame ( cont 'd ) and the husband say . that be great , be there anything you have like to try ? and the woman say ... 84 . Simon approach , look pale as a sheet . he notice that James have a plaster on he Adam 's apple : it look exactly the same as Simon 's . he also have a black eye , the same as simon' . simon Mr. papadopolous ... jame hold on a sec . the woman say , I would like to try a number sixty nine . ( beat ) and the guy think for a second , and he say , '' you want breef wiff broccori ? ! " James roar with laughter and the other worker laugh as well . simon Sir , I need to talk to you . papadopoulos what be you do here ? simon I work here . papadopoulos you have , a lot of nerve . Simon point at James . simon this man be a fraud ! papadopoulos you should talk ! he 's the finest new employee we have ever have . simon he do not even know what we do here ! they turn to James who remain calm . jame ( shrugging , confident ) oh , you know . this and that ... papadopoulos see there , calm down , son . jame he 's a idiot ! 85 . jame ( cont 'd ) Sir , why do not I help he out , he seem like he 's ... simon stay away from I . Sir , this can not stand . simon notice jame 's eye , and the bruise , which look identical to he . simon ( cont 'd ) where have you get that ? jame racketball . Hell of a sport , you should try it , relieve stress . papadopoulos Son , I think you might be have a psychotic ... simon I take he test for he . and he rip off my report . he 's out to get I ! he steal my face ! people exchange glance as though Simon be crazy . Simon point at he face . he be wide - eye and on the edge . simon ( cont 'd ) he steal it from I ! for the first time , Simon have really lose it , really out of control . his mild manner be go . the whole room watch he . James walk forward and grab Simon 's arm . Simon tear it away from he . simon ( cont 'd ) get off of I . papadopoulos you need to leave , now . simon ( back away from everyone ) I need ... ( catch breath ) to see the Colonel . Simon seem to be lose steam , get dizzy . 86 . simon ( cont 'd ) the Colonel will understand . ( breathe heavy ) I just need to see he . papadopoulos Son , you need some help . we see jame press a button underneath he desk . simon I do not need help ! jame we all love you , Simon . there be a big scrum , a wild fight , Simon swing wildly . somehow he manage to separate himself , and we see he have somehow grab hold of Mr. Stevens 's hand . two security guard have now arrive . guard please come with I , sir . simon no . he hold it out in a threaten manner . as though it be a gun . his hand shake . simon ( cont 'd ) stay back . guard 2 Sir , you need to come with we . Simon run at jame again but he arm be pin by the security guard . they hold he down on the floor . papadopoulos you be a disgrace to the Colonel , son ! jame walk up to Simon with menace , crouch and whisper in he ear . jame you time be over , Simon . the guard grab Simon by the arm and Simon do not protest as they lead he from the office . 87 . seven ext . bridge - late afternoon simon be sit on the edge of the bridge where he like to think . he have he small cardboard box on he lap . he look up at the monumental office building around he and the car rush by below . int . elevator in simon 's apartment Simon ride the elevator , hold he small box of office possession . int . / ext . simon 's apartment Simon retrieve he key from the top of the door sill and wearily walk in . the place be disgusting : a feral de . there be empty bottle and take away carton on the floor alongside a pair of soile latex glove . the bed have be drag to the middle of the room and have a pair of handcuffs attach to it . there be a video camera train on a high tripod above the bed link to the television which , in turn , show the somehow frightening image , of the bed . Simon switch the camera off . the television then show a the sci -fi show . sci -fi detective ruin . this World be ruin . Simon switch off the television . Simon clear up the room and throw out various bit of trash . when he 's finish , the room be almost completely bare . he check he phone message . nothing . he take the handcuffs from the bed and pause a moment before place they in a drawer by the bed . the same drawer that now contain the snake-handled knife . he sit down at a table and start to write . we see the start of the note ' to whom it may concern . I have decide to end my life because I no longer exist . a person should amount to something and not float around this earth like a ghost . 's he pause for think . he screw up the note and start again . ' to whom it may concern . I be a ghost . 's 88 . he then add . ' I be sorry . 's he fold up the note , place it in he top pocket and walk to the window . he open it and start to climb out onto the ledge when he see something . he almost fall , but manage to stumble back inside . he hurriedly locate he telescope and peer through . we see Hannah lie on the floor of she apartment , completely inert . Simon pan and we see a empty bottle of pill just by she out stretch hand . simon put he hand to he mouth . int . hospital - later Hannah rest on a gurney . she be be wheeled quickly down the hallway of a hospital . there be vomit on she top and she seem to be in some pain . Simon be run along side , try to keep up . simon be she go to be okay ? I do not know how many she swallow . doctor you need to leave now , sir . simon we be marry ! doctor please , sir . we will take good care of she . simon reluctantly stop run and watch Hannah and the medic disappear through some double door . int . hospital - later simon be sit in a wait room . a doctor come in . simon look up . int . hospital —- corridor doctor have she do this kind of thing before ? simon no . I do not think so . doctor I be afraid to say she 's have a miscarriage . ( beat ) 89 . doctor ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . be this you first pregnancy ? simon erm ... yes . doctor the good thing be , she 's healthy . you have plenty of time to try again . how long have you be marry ? simon not long . we be about to be . we be engage . but I just lose my job so - I could not buy she a ring - and we have this fight so - doctor look after she . simon I will . thank you . doctor you x11 work it out . int . hannah 's apartment block simon and a groggy - looking hannah travel up in the lift together . int . hannah 's apartment -— continuous simon thanks for let I stay . I have be kind of sleep rough since ... for a while anyway . he trail off . simon ( cont 'd ) they be normally go by the morning ... int . hannah's bedroom - later Hannah be under the cover . simon tentatively get on to the bed and lie on top of the duvet , as far from hannah as he can be without fall off the side . int . hannah's bedroom - next day simon wake up . he check on Hannah - she 's still sleep . 90 . he creep out of Hannah 's room and into the sit room , unable to believe he 's there . he search in he bag and fish out a book . he place it next to Hannah . int . simon 's apartment block - later Simon ride the lift up to he apartment . he almost look happy . int . hannah 's bedroom - day hannah wake up and see a book on the pillow next to she . it 's the book that Simon leave . she open it and see it contain the various picture that she have draw , tear up and throw away . they have be carefully put back together again . in between one of the page be a note write by Simon . it say : ' I think this be really good - Simons '' int . simon ’'s apartment - day again , it 's a mess . but this time , Simon do not seem to mind as much . he check he message . we hear a voice . voice er , hi . this be .a message for Simon . we have be try you for some time now . if you wish to attend you mother 's funeral it start at 1l.am at the citizen 's cemetery to the rear of the home . Goodbye . then a beep . ext . cemetary - day Simon run through a enormous cemetery . it be remarkably ungreen and surround by huge building . he look around , frantic , try to find where the funeral be be hold . he approach one grouping that look like it could be for he mother , all the people in attendance be quite old . a priest be quietly say a prayer and everyone 's eye be downcast . unable to ask who this be for , he join the group and clasp he hand in front of he . priest ...- he maketh I to lie down in green pasture ; he leadeth I beside the still water . he restoreth my soul ; ( more ) 91 . priest ( cont 'd ) he leadeth I in the path of righteousness for his name 's sake . yea , though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death , I will fear no evil ; for thou art with I ; thy rod and thy staff , they comfort I . thou preparest a table before I in the presence of mine enemy ; Simon look up , past the priest . priest ( cont 'd ) thou anointest my head with oil ; my cup runneth over . Far in the distance , impossibly , he see James and stand next to another priest . along with two or people from the old people 's home . James be put soil on to the coffin . a old man napoleon hat be consol he . priest ( cont 'd ) surely goodness and mercy shall follow I all the day of my life , and I will ... Simon , as angry as we have see he , hurtle towards priest ( cont 'd ) ... dwell in the house of the Lord forever . we watch at a distance , as event unfold with grim inevitability . James ' see Simon approach and start to back away . old man this be the crazy guy Simon tell we about ? jame look : I can get you help - but this be a time for family . melanie what the fuck be you do here ? his mother 's just die ! Simon launch at jame . unlike in the office , the Melanie three ina they . old people assemble be unable to prise they apart . Simon land a great punch , right on James 's nose . James throw he head back and squeal with pain . he drop to he knee . 92 . simon get up ... get up off you knee . for a brief moment , Simon look heroic , but then he notice he nose be bleed . he check it with he hand , and look a the blood on he finger then , a strangely dement scream . it 's the ( very old ) priest run towards he . Simon back away , but the priest manage to push he over and Simon fall backward into a freshly dig grave . on the verge of consciousness , stare straight up at the sky , Simon see the small congregation assemble at the grave 's perimeter . as James look over the grave , a drop of blood fall from he nose and splashes on to Simon 's face . jame thank God mother do not live to see this . Melanie spit . Simon black out . int . grave - much later it be now dusk . Simon wake up . he feel a great pain at the front of he face . he touch he nose - it 's agony . he sit up and feel something drip from this nose . he put he hand tovshis face and he finger become sticky with blood . we '' see he think . he smile . we cut to Simon climb out of the grave , a absolute mess , look half - crazy . he run up to a park hearse and look at he reflection in the black mirror . he look at he bruise nose with delight , check it from all angle . EIGHT ext . street various - early evening to night Simon run . his face be smear with blood . he be dirty from the grave . he have a strangely joyous look on he face . 93 . he run and run until he reach the apartment complex where he life . int . apartment lobby - night simon run in through the lobby and the janitor look at he suspiciously . janitor who be you go to see ? simon fuck off . janitor ( happy ) oh , sorry James , do not recognize you at first . int . — hannah's apartment simon run up to the door and ring the bell . han nah open the door . she be take aback by how dishevel - he be . Simon grab she and kiss she . simon that 's all I ever want ' to do . it 's funny how it happen be not it ? you go along , and along , and along and then you just know . ( Hannah , look shocked ) I notice you the first moment I see you . , and you recognize I too , do not you ? hannah I think so . simon I do not want to be a boy hold up by string . I do not want to be pinocchio . hannah Simon , what happen to you ? simon I want you to be safe and whole and right . but I have something to do . ( beat , firm ) from now on you be go to need to call I James . i’11 still be Simon , but you need to call I James . 94 , he kiss she again . simon ( cont 'd ) Goodbye . Simon turn around abruptly and leave Hannah speechless . ext . apartment block - a little later we see simon walk briskly to he apartment block . he look back at hannah 's apartment . int . hannah's apartment Hannah look out of she window at simon . int . simon 's apartment gently , Simon open the door . in the dim light he can see James and Melanie sleep on he bed . Simon quietly locate jame 's trousers and take jame 's apartment key and identity card . he find he tuxedo and silent change into it . he put the key and card into he pocket . he approach the bed and inch open the drawer in the bedside table . in it be the snake-handled knife and the pair of handcuffs . he remove the handcuffs . carefully , he lock James 's hand to the bed head . he pick up one of the knife and run the tip of it very near , but not touch , James 's face before place its tip on James 's throat . he look at jamess swollen nose . in a quick move he remove the plaster on James 's Adam 's apple . underneath , be the same ugly pick gash as Simon have on he . the phone ring James stir . Simon rush over and pick up . he be still hold the knife . simon ( whisper ) yes . hannah ( 0.s. ) it 's Hannah . be you okay ? simon ( whisper ) I be okay . 95 . hannah you leave kind of abruptly . can I come over ? simon ( whisper ) not right now hannah you be not go to do something stupid —- simon I do not think so . stay in you apartment . he hang up the phone and walk over to James , hold the knife . he look down at he . int . hannah's apartment —- moment later we see , from hannah's Pov simon run back across the courtyard and enter the base of the apartment block . int . hannah's apartment block —- stairwell Hannah open she door and walk to the lift . she check to see if Simon be come up . instead she hear he clatter up the stair . she run after he , but only catch up to see he disappear into jame 's apartment . she bang on the door . int . jame 's apartment Simon pick up the phone , as he hold it to he ear he start to change out of he clothes and into the tuxedo . we hear Hannah bang outside the door . int . jame 's apartment simon yes . I need a ambulance . how long do you think it 's 1ll take ? okay . good. int . stairwell - continuous hannah Simon , what be you do ? int . jame 's apartment —- continuous Simon wash he face in the bathroom sink . he look at himself in the bathroom mirror . 96 . he take out the snake-handled knife , raise the blade of the knife to he face and hesitates . we see Simon draw the knife to a spot a fraction to the side of he leave eye . he cut himself deeply and we see blood . int . simon 's apartment - continuous we briefly see jame on the bed . he twitches in he sleep . int . jame 's apartment - continuous we cut back to Simon , he have cut a deep gash into he face . he look at himself in the mirror . he pick up a white flannel and press it to he face to stop the bleed . int . stairwell - continuous Hannah be run down the stair . int . jame 's apartment Simon finish off a note and pin , it to he lapel pocket . simon walk over to the window and calmly open it . he step out onto the ledge . he look down , and inch across , as though he 's aim for something . once he 's find he spot he wait . int . simon 's apartment jame wake up . his face be cover in blood . he try to get up , but the handcuffs prevent he . when he can not find the key . he start to violently pull at they until they come off . '' his wrist start to bleed . Melanie wake up , groggy : melanie Simon , what be you do ? she switch on the bedside lamp . James walk like a automaton towards the window . we hear the distant sound of a ambulance approach . int . jame 's apartment Simon stand calmly on the window ledge . he look serene , but note the light now come from he apartment . he look down , the ambulance be closer . he look at he wrist , a line of blood appear on it . he suck the blood off , stain he tooth . 97 . ext . hannah's apartment block Hannah look up at jame 's apartment , try to see what 's go on . hannah Simon ! what be you do ? she hear the ambulance siren . int . ambulance the driver look around , try to find where they be mean to be . int . simon 's apartment James 's look out and see a shape in the window of he apartment . he put he eye to the telescope . the image jame see be very similar to the one that simon see of the man about to jump . Simon , dress in a dinner jacket , with a note pin to he lapel . he be hold a bloody flannel to he cheek . he wave at jame . jame wave back . Simon jump . int . simon 's apartment James watch as Simon fall . melanie Simon ! you be bleed ! why be you bleed ? the sound of the ambulance be now loud . jame look down at simon 's mangle body on the ground . he can see hannah next to he and the ambulance pull into he view . jame I need to be in that ambulance . ext . hannah 's apartment block - evening simon be lie , twisted on the ground , blood leak from the back of he head . he look barely alive . in he Pov , we see Hannah run in and crouch down next to he . she be completely shocked . she look at the suicide not pin to he lapel . we see just the first line : ' the pressure of be a executive have cause I great distress 's , and the last line , ' James Simon 's 98 . bang the chain of the handcuff with the base of the lamp ext . simon 's apartment block simon you know what I have do ? hannah I think so . she look at the long gash on the side of he face . simon I have to cut he out . behind she , in a rush , the medic arrive . they start check out the situation . medic what 's he name , mar ’am ? hannah what 's he name ? medic 2 it help if we can call they by they name . it can make all > the difference . hannah take a pause , as if try to decide hannah his ;name be James . ( to , Simon ) you name be James , be not it ? they exchange a look . Simon nod . simon ( weakly ) my name be James . simon be lift up onto a stretcher . the medic take he to the ambulance . Hannah walk along side with he . medic you be really lucky to be alive , James . we be go to get you to a hospital straight away . medic 2 someone tip we off - must have see you be gonna jump ( beat ) if you have be a foot to the right , splat . simon look up and smile . 99 . just as they be about to get he into the ambulance , he see jame run out of the bottom of simon 's apartment . they exchange a look , before , all of a sudden , jame change expression . a sickly spurt of blood come out of he mouth and he drop , rigid , to the floor . the medic put simon in the ambulance and slam the door shot . they start to drive away . no one else seem to have see jame . voice you be one in a million , James . you know that ? he look to where the voice have come from . we see simon 's Pov . there , sit in the corner of the ambulance , isthe colonel , dress in a medical uniform . he have a warm and kind expression on he face . simon maybe ... simon look out the window and smile . light flash on he face . the sound of the ambulance subside . fade out .