T h £e ww iI tc HH by Robert eggers 10/11/13 wga # 1220490 Robert eggers 144 Manhattan Ave 2l Brooklyn , NY , 11206 603 . 978. 2184 robertheggers@gmail.com copyright '' 2013 Robert eggers ii . character : william , a English farmer katherine , William 's wife thomasin , they eldest daughter caleb , they eldest son jonas , they son , mercy 's twin mercy , they daughter , jonas 's twin SAMUEL , a baby , they youngest son , bear in the New World the witch fowler , William 's dog , friend to caleb black phillip , William 's billy goat , friend to jonas & mercy burt , William 's workhorse nanny goat , hen , and a rooster the minister the governor the deputy governor a congregation of puritans , militia man , Traders and trappers to the reader : this be a tale of witchcraft , tell as a simple family of seventeenth century New England might have believe it to be . all of they folkloric and religious belief , in this film , be true . it be inspire by various folktale , fairytale and record account ( journal , diary , court record etc. ) of historical witch and possession from New England and western Europe before the Salem outbreak in 1692 . much of the dialogue , in fact , come directly from that source . in order to effectively depict this world in which ordinary people understand supernatural occurrence to be a expect part of life , it be essential that all aspect of the film to be carry out with utter naturalism . the character must appear as real farmer , not actor with dirty face . even the supernatural element must be photograph as realistically as possible . yet , with all this authenticity and '' realism , " it be still a folktale , a dream . a nightmare from the past . black . title : the witch . a New - England folktale . int . meeting house . salem plantation - day - 1630s - MARCH close on : thomasin ( 13 ) listen attentively . her sweet farm - girl 's face be utterly still . afraid . tense . confused . a low , deliberate , voice echoe through the wooden church : william ( 0.s . ) what go we out into this wilderness to find ? leave we country , kindre , we father 's house ? we have travaile a vast ocean ... for what ? for what ? governor ( 0.s. ) ( overlap ) we must ask thee to be silent ! close on : caleb ( 11 ) , thomasin 's brother . he do not blink , just listen . fear in he belly . william deputy governor ( 0.s. ) ( overlap ) ( overlap ) be it not for the pure and no more ! faithful dispensation of the Gospel and the Kingdom of God ? minister ( 0.s. ) we be you judge , and not you ours ! medium wide : thomasin & caleb stand in a row beside the twins , jonas & mercy ( 5 ) and they pregnant mother , katherine , whose face we do not see . just the child . william ( 0.s . ) I can not be judge by false content Christians under a un - separate church ! a English king 's church . wide , reverse : we reveal the governor , the minister and other black clothed dignitaries sit at a long table on a raise platform in front of the pulpit . they dour face be exasperate . william , back to camera , stand below they in the center of the primitive church . his family by he side . the whole congregation of about fifty man , woman and child be all cramme together , all stand in heavy silence . Men on one side , woman on the other . they eye on william . governor must you continue to dishonor the law of the commonwealth and the church with you prideful conceit ? william if my conscience see it fit . governor then shall you be banish out of this plantation 's liberty ! william I would be glad on it . pause . governor then take you leave , and trouble we no further . close on : william 's eye burn indignantly below he furrow brow . william how sadly hath the Lord testify against you . he turn to walk out of the meeting house . william ( cont 'd ) Katherine . mo : the child , scared and confuse , be yank through the throng of angry puritans by they father and mother . thomasin stay still . shock . katherine come along now . come along . thomasin do not move . she do not want to leave . her brother grab she in the commotion . caleb thomasin ! come . ext . salem plantation gate - early morning the view of the pitiful , snow - cover medieval - looking village disappear as two militia men slowly close the plantation 's tall palisade door . a few naumkeag trader with paint face and a rough looking white man stand near by with they goods . thomasin , caleb , the twins , and fowler the dog , watch the door close as they rock back and forth sit in a rickety two - wheeled cart . william walk alongside the workhorse pull a cart strapped with a trunk , a chair , clinking pot and pan and few other miscellaneous article . surely not enough to survive on . katherine , sit in the cart with the child . she sing : katherine ( sing ) I will confess jehovah with all heart in secret and in assembly of the just . thomasin rest she head on katherine pregnant belly . katherine stroke thomasin 's hair . thomasin look back toward the plantation . thomasin join she hymn : katherine & thomasin ( sing ) great be the work of we Lord , seek out of all that in they do delight . everyone join : family ( sing ) beautiful and glorious he work be , and he righteousness endureth forever ... all but william keep they eye on the safe plantation wall as they head into a vast untouched wilderness . they song of hope slowly fade away . hold . ext . wilderness - day the family as they travel slowly in the light March snow . nature envelope they . they walk on . and on . hold . black . ext . a clearing - afternoon william lie face down on the half frozen ground . he eye close . he sit up , the warm afternoon light hit he hopeful , teary cheek . he lift he hand toward heaven . the wind blow . katherine take he hand . the family be in a circle , on they knee , in joyful , silent prayer . they face beam . before they be a beautiful , idyllic natural clearing of rolling hill ... but ... the clear be surround by a forest - a dark and ancient wood . its enormous pine stand like giant above the family . the presence of the wood be profound , disturbing , ominous . but the family be wrap in prayer . black . hold . audio : the wind blow . ext . the same clearing —- dawn - november it be now late autumn . anorexic cornstalk be scattered across a muddy field . a fledgling farm sit on top of a hill at the foot of the wood . monstrous tree loom over the ramshackle cottage . its crooked clapboard to be beginning to grey and the gable thatch to brown . behind the house be a few shoddy structure and scrap - wood fence for keep in the small amount of livestock . the frame of the incomplete barn look as if it will collapse at any moment . tool and raw lumber littler the yard . int . farmhouse - morning close on : thomasin . her large blue eye gaze earnestly toward heaven . her chin rest on little dirty finger . she say she word with surprising acceptance : thomasin o most merciful father : I here confess I have live in sin . I have be idle of my work , disobedient of mine parent , neglectful of my prayer . I have , in secret , play upon thy sabbath and break every one of thy commandment in think ... follow the desire of my own will , and not the holy Spirit . I know I deserve all shame and misery in this life , and everlast hell - fire . but I beg thee , for the sake of thy son. forgive I . show I mercy . show I thy light . I thank thee that thou hast defend I this night , and bring I safe unto this day . this and all other grace , I beg at thy hand in that prayer which Christ himself hath teach I : int . farmhouse - morning mo close : katherine breast feed SAMUEL , the baby , now 6 month old . thomasin ( v.o. ) we Father which art in heaven , hallow be thy name . thy kingdom come . ext . cornfield - day wide : william and caleb have they back to camera work in a patchy , die cornfield . they clothes now well wear . william cut the corn from the stalk . caleb bundle the chaff into shock . jonas and mercy fill basket of with the ear of corn . it be hard repetitive work for all . but they be use to it . thomasin ( v.o. ) thy will be do even in earth , as it be in heaven . give we this day we daily bread . ext . goat shed - later that day mo wide : thomasin shovel dung out of the shed . it be heavy . but she be use to it . thomasin ( v.o. ) and forgive we we debt , as we also forgive we debtor . ext . farmyard - afternoon mo tracking : katherine hand the baby to thomasin . katherine need both of she hand to stoke the fire of the outdoor bake - oven . thomasin walk away with SAM the baby , disappear into the cloud of grey smoke . thomasin ( v.o. ) and lead we not into temptation , but deliver we from evil : for thine be the kingdom , and the power , and the glory for ever . amen . black . audio : the baby laughter be hear . then , thomasin 's playful thomasin ( 0.s. ) where 's Sam ? where be Sam ? ( more ) thomasin ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) ( pause ) . peeeeeeep ... CUT to : ext . the edge of the wood - dusk thomasin ( 0.s. ) boo ! close on : SAMUEL , the baby , be lie in the grass . he be stunne , smile with huge baby eye and a little wet mouth . he squeal with laughter ! too adorable ! thomasin ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) there you be ! there you be ! SAMUEL laugh more and more . he be clearly be tickle ! CUT to : black . SAMUEL be laughter subside . he breathes heavily , almost panting . he let out a quiet half - laugh . he sound worried . thomasin ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) peeeeeep ... CUT to : thomasin ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) boo ! close on : SAMUEL . he shriek with laughter again ! he raise he arm up and down in delight and kick he leg . CUT to : black . thomasin ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) where be Sam ? where 's Sam ? where be that little man ? ( pause ) . ( more ) thomasin ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) peeeeeeep ... CUT to : low close on : thomasin , kneel on the ground . she uncover she big sparkling eye in the '' peek - a- boo '' fashion and shout : thomasin ( cont 'd ) boo ! her rosy - cheek face be freeze in joy . suddenly , she eye register what be in front of she ... her compelling smile disappear ... her face lose all color ... thomasin ( cont 'd ) Sam ? CUT to : close on : nothing . the dead grass where SAMUEL have be lie . all be silent except for thomasin 's panic breath . where be he ? the wind blow . the camera slowly tilt up through the tall grass and weed , toward ... «+. the wood . the wild grass that lead to the edge of the wood be moving slightly , as if something have just run through it . thomasin scream : thomasin ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) Sam ! Samuel !! thomasin run into frame and stop , staring into the open of the primeval forest . it seem to beckon her . thomasin ( cont 'd ) SAM !!! ext . the wood - nightfall the autumn mist be thick . boney -finger branch crack in the wind . a SMALL hunched figure in a tatter red cloak hobble quickly through the enormous mossy tree . a distort old breath come from under the red hood , wheeze , try to keep pace . from a little lower in the cloak come the sound of a gargle baby . one of samuel' hand poke out . dusk be at its end . int . the witch 's hovel - night darkness . it be almost impossible to see . pass through the shadow , extremely old and bent hand with long dirty talon briefly catch the firelight . they place SAMUEL upon the center of a crude table . overwhelm by the dark , he sense the danger . his delicate baby finger open and close reflexively , grasp at the air . see in flicker glimpsis , the greasy red cloak fall to the dirt floor . tiny feet step around the cloak and kick off square - to shoe . jag , fungal toe-nail poke out of soile wool stocking . the old hand grab the baby 's collar , tear open he linen shift , and strip it off the child . SAMUEL start to cry . the figure step away from the table , she back to camera . hobbling in and out of blackness of the hovel , she take off she bonnet and scanty grey lock fall to she shoulder , snake across she bent spine . she remove the rest of she filthy clothes , and for a instant , her naked body be reveal ... before she move back into shadow . her hand reach up to the low thatch ceiling , over the baby , and tear out a mossy clump . Little bit of dirt and reed , and other natural scantling fall on SAMUEL . bright moonlight shine through the hole , bathing the child in its light . off screen , the old woman hum a haunt song . her hand stroke the baby tenderly and pinch the fatty area around he thigh and biceps . her hand take a large rusty knife ... she hold it up over the child 's breast ... she continue to hum she song ... camera on : the humpback and scabby head of the old woman ... she bring the knife up ... and then down in a swift motion ! ( we do not see the baby , only the back of the old woman ) 10 . audio : chop ! the baby wail . - later back to camera , the old woman' silhouette sit by a low - burn fire . she grind at she mortar and pestle . one can easily assume its content . scatter beside she be a messy assortment of earthen jar . each jar emit a more awful stench than the other . - later the FIRE be out . illuminate in the dimmest trace of moonlight , the old woman have a thick bloody grease in she hand . she rub this unguent all over she naked body . - moment later she rub the unguent on the wooden handle of a broomsitck . it foam around she thumb and forefinger . - moment later camera on her back : barely visible , the naked old woman stand near the hearth . she mount the broom . she be still . suddenly , she head move . first a jerk , then it slow . her gaze go upward . her eye roll to the back of she head and she eyelid flutter in and out of the moonlight . her face remain unseen . she trembles and collapse to the ground . she breathes heavily and rhythmically , groaning and groaning , tremoring in the dirt and darkness . she grip the broomstick firmly . ext . the witch 's hovel - night low wide : shadow by a confusion of twisted branch , the witch rise away from camera - slowly , weirdly , phantom - like -— through the thatch smoke -hole of her roof , ascending into 11 . the night toward the moon . her naked body scrape against the branch , click , clack and crack as she rise . '' clickety - clackety , clickety - clackety , clickety - clackety . '' black . hold . audio : a rooster crow . other quite farm noise . int . farmhouse , garret - dawn a wooden shutter be unlatch from a small glass - less window . a woman' muffled crying and mumbling be heard . dim dawn light hit caleb 's gaunt , freckle face . his light eye be full of worry . painfully anxious . the dawn glow red . caleb pick up he homespun doublet . he stumble quietly over and through the pile of sleep sweaty - face sibling and straw mattress on the floor . dwindle food store hang from the pitch ceiling , almost knock he head . mercy be curl up with jonas , who suck he thumb . thomasin have jonas 's dirty feet near she face . as caleb take a big step , thomasin move in she sleep . caleb look down and notice the side of he sister 's breast in she somewhat open shift , and she faint armpit hair . pause . embarrass , caleb look away . thomasin move again . blanket rustle . caleb look back : thomasin 's face be contort in pain . her eye twitch under she eyelid . she be having a nightmare . caleb hesitates . he kneel down and gently shake she shoulder : caleb ( whisper , almost inaudible ) thomasin . 12. caleb shake she again ... caleb ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) thomasin . thomasin 's eye OPEN and she gasp clenching she fist . caleb put he hand gently over she mouth . she jerk , disorient . caleb pantomime a '' shh '' with he other hand . they pause . they listen to there mother' weeping and praying from downstairs ... caleb uncover thomasin 's mouth . she look at he . pause . thomasin 's face be as mournful as they mother 's weep . her eye beg for comfort . caleb ( cont 'd ) ( whisper , almost inaudible ) sleep . all will be well . sleep . caleb keep he eye on he sister till she reluctantly lie back in bed . then , he climb down the rickety ladder to ... int . farmhouse - continuous «+. the ground floor of the family 's extremely primitive one - room home . the stench of squalor and smoke hang in the air . fowler the dog , be near a empty wooden cradle . he be up too . caleb step over he parent 's chamber pot , and push a wander hen away from he shoe that be near he parent 's bedside . he can still hear he mother cry softly from behind the shabby bed curtain . the dog whine and try to peek in . caleb turn he head to the door and put on he doublet . the front door be half open ... 13. ext . the farm - continuous caleb walk out the door ... past a tall pile of stacked firewood ... past the chopping block and axe ... ext . the farm / cornfield - continuous -.. he continue toward the silhouetted figure at the bottom of the hill in the cornfield . it 's william . caleb approach tentatively . he gently touch william be shoulder ... he be startle and turn : he see he son out of the corner of he eye , peek through he long thinning hair . he turn away . his smoky voice rumble : william caleb . caleb try to initiate contact . caleb God give you good morrow . ( pause . ) william frown , bite on a he mustache and beard . his coarse hand hold a ear of indian corn . his wide - brimm hat be in the other . the corn be shriveled , half grown and rotting . a disgusting malignant fungus be burst between its kernel . chicken cluck several yard away . caleb ( cont 'd ) all be still a-be . ( pause . ) save mother . william no ease to rise on a grey day . the Devil hold fast you eyelid . caleb I ' will wake ‘em . 14 . william let ‘em be . caleb look surprised . william ( cont 'd ) thy mother 's not sleep a night since . william look at the ground . william ( cont 'd ) we can search no longer , caleb . we cannot . if not a wolf , hunger have have take he yet . pause . william look at the devastate cornfield . disfigure corpse of infect corn - ear lay upon the grey soil . william throws the ear of corn he have be holding with all he might . it disappear into the hazy dawn . william ( cont 'd ) let 's to the Wood . caleb look very surprised . william ( cont 'd ) I have be a-lay trap for some while - before even this new misery . caleb within the Wood ? william will you not help thy father ? caleb you and mother have always forbad we to set foot there . william this be we home now . fear it not . eh ? do not we build we house of timber ? ( pause . ) we must conquer this wood . it will not consume we . pause . 15 . caleb perchance you snare that wolf . william aye . fetch thy hat , tis bitter cold . william smile hopefully at caleb again and touch he bare head . caleb smile back and run toward the house . william ( cont 'd ) and the gun . ext . the edge of the wood - early morning william be only a small speck beneath the threatening tree . the thick trunk moan and creak , sway ever so slightly in the wind . he walk quietly into the darkness of the wood . caleb stand still , several pace back with fowler the dog . he hold he father 's musket . caleb look up at the high treetop , afraid to enter . fowler whimper a little . william call from within : william ( 0.s. ) caleb ! caleb catch up and cross the forbidden threshold . ext . the wood - early morning Father and son walk in the early morning mist , fowler by they side . they wooden powder flask clink and clatter against they bony chest . grey leave crunch beneath they foot . a dense pine canopy bristle above they , shadow the forest floor . caleb 's lesson echoe through the tree : 16 . william Art thou then bear holy and righteous ? caleb no , nay ! my first father sin and I in he . caleb want to be serious , however , with all the danger and excitement a small but uncontrollable grin have appear on he face . he recite with pride : william Art thou then bear a sinner ? caleb aye . I be conceive in sin , and bear in - iniquity . william good . then what be thy birth sin ? caleb Adam 's sin impute to I , and a corrupt nature dwelling within I . william well -remember caleb . very well . and canst thou tell I what thy corrupt nature be ? caleb my corrupt nature be empty of grace , bent unto sin , only unto sin , and that continually . caleb pause for a moment . the word of he catechism sinking in . william Soft now . they come upon a large overturned tree . its sprawling root system be far taller than william . caleb watch william find a trap he have laid near it . william kick the trap softly with the toe of he boot . it be shut . there be no catch . william hide he disappointment . 17 . william ( cont 'd ) we must lay’t again . caleb go to the trap . he stop himself from touch the big iron tooth . he look imploringly at he father . May I set it ? william nod and smile affirmatively . caleb bend down to open the jaw . he struggle a bit . william ( cont 'd ) now , mind thy hand caleb . mind thy hand . caleb slow he work ... think again : caleb be ... be Samuel bear a sinner ? william pause . he nod '' yes . '' caleb be expect that answer . caleb ( cont 'd ) how might then - william ( overlap ) we pray he hath enter God 's Kingdom . pause . caleb what wickedness hath he do ? william place faith in God - caleb , mind thy hand , I say . ( pause . ) we will speak no more on thy brother . caleb why ? william 18 . caleb he hath disappear not one week past , yet you and mother utter not he name . william caleb , look to thy work or I 'il lay it myself . caleb tell I . william tell thee what ? he be go , caleb . caleb ( overlap ) be he in hell ? william caleb ! caleb mother will not stop she prayer ... william Hand I that engine ! caleb a if die ? if I die this day ? william what be this ? caleb I hold evil in my heart . my sin be not pardon . william thou art youngly yet - caleb ( overlap ) a if God will not hear my prayer ? william caleb - caleb ( overlap ) tell I ! william look you , I love thee marvelous well , but ‘tis God alone , not man , what know who be a son of abraham and who be not . who be good and who be evil . fain would I tell thee Sam sleep in Jesus , that thou will , that I will , but I can not tell thee that . none can . 19 . caleb look down and start fiddling with the trap again . caleb but you and mother ... you have make covenant . you have a place in Heaven . william I keep a unfeign grief for the want of grace . I can do no more . ( Long pause ) . caleb ? caleb keep he eye on the trap . caleb where be this from ? william caleb , list I . caleb I do . william from indian thom and Old slater , when last they pass through . move it thither . caleb what do you trade ? very long pause . william thy mother 's silver cup . it be clear from caleb 's face that this be not be trade . something to 20 . william ( cont 'd ) let 's recover the rest . int . farmhouse - later close on : thomasin stare forward intensely . curious . cautious . behind she , mercy ride jonas like a horse . jonas make goat noise . thomasin stand in front of she parent 's bed . the curtain be still close . she walk forward slowly and peek in through some fray hole in the curtain : katherine lie on the bed , she hand clench together , she eye close . she whisper a inaudible prayer . a sadder face have never be see . ext . farmyard - later close on : thomasin , still affect by the sight of she mother . she carry a heavy pail of water on she head , brace it with one hand . she can not hold it up very well and the ground be muddy and upturn . with every step across the farmyard , water sloshes out of the bucket on to she shoulder , soaking she . she shudder with frustration . she put the bucket down for a moment to wipe she cold nose . she pick it up again and keep walk . she 's use to it , but today it be too much . int . goat shed - later thomasin shovel dung out of the goat -shed . nanny goat bleat and walk by she . in the distance , the twins be hear sing nursery rhyme . thomasin jonas , mercy ! come hither ! thomasin keep shoveling . shovel . 21 . thomasin ( cont 'd ) jonas ! mercy !! more shoveling ... thomasin stop . hold on : thomasin . something swell within she . she throw the shovel down in the dungheap and walk away from she work . ext . the edge of the wood - later thomasin kneel at the spot where SAMUEL disappear . she run she finger tenderly through the grass . she look into the wood . pause . how could this have happen ? ext . another part of the wood - later caleb & william come upon another trap . no catch . ext . another part of the wood - later another trap . nothing . caleb look up at he father . william turn around quickly before meeting eye with he son . ext . another part of the wood - later : they walk on . caleb be as anxious as william be downtrodden . fowler be not with they . william put he finger in he mouth and whistle a loud whistle . 22 . william fowler ! fowler ! ( whistle ) fool of a animal . caleb fowler ! suddenly , fowler bark , run through the tree . william and caleb see he . they see something else running too . fowler be tracking something ! william fowler ! ( whistle ) what be 't ? fowler point . william and caleb look ahead : a enormous long - legged hare hop out into the clearing . the hare sit very still . its fur be coarse and odd . william give caleb a look instruct he to be quiet . william bark at fowler : william ( cont 'd ) fowler , bay it ! fowler run after the hare ! he chase it in a wide circle around the clear . both run hard as they can . caleb hand he father the heavy musket . william ( cont 'd ) praise God . look at the size . make haste caleb . rushing , william spill powder all over the barrel of the gun . william ( cont 'd ) fie upo not ! he blow at the powder , probably not hard enough . caleb hold the smolder length of hemp . 23 . caleb Father , there 's primer upon the - william peace now , hand I the match . the match cord go out . caleb ah ! william hold he hand out to caleb . william the match . caleb it die . william Light it apace caleb ! caleb the primer ... william caleb !! caleb relight the matchcord and put it in place . fowler chase the hare back to where it first appear . the hare stop running . it breathes softly . fowler be panting . then , the hare turn toward william and caleb ... and stare . it stand there , not moving , gazing with its hypnotic amber eye . fowler bark at the strange hare . caleb can not believe the sight ! william be finger shake . it stare right at william and caleb as if it be enchanted . fowler keep bark ferociously . caleb watch intently . the match cord be burn steady . 24 . william pull the trigger : bang ! ! the musket misfire in william 's face . the hare run away . william yelp and put he hand to he face , fall to the ground . caleb Father ! william breathes quickly . caleb ( cont 'd ) Father ? william turn he face into the ground and clenches he fist . his breath slacken . silence . caleb ( cont 'd ) Father ?! william sit up , but cannot look caleb in the eye . caleb put he hand on he father 's shoulder . caleb ( cont 'd ) we will make a catch father , I know it . william give in and embrace caleb tightly for a moment . fowler wander over and kiss william 's blacken face . william off fowler . william let go of caleb and stand , make embarrassed grunt noise to pull himself together . ext . another part of the wood - later father and son walk completely defeat and empty hand . the wind whistle through the tree . the sun be still not shine . 25 . caleb notice the vein on william' hand pulsing . only the crunching of leave beneath they foot . crunch , crunch , crunch . crunch , crunch , crunch . ( at the same time ) caleb william caleb ... Father - pause . william speak none of this to mother . none . caleb make a ambivalent noise that sound similar to a '' bye . '' Long pause . william ( cont 'd ) she - caleb ( overlap ) a if - william a if what ? go to . I have not suffer thee to lie . go to . ( pause . ) when we have bring she home that damnéd wolf , she will be glad on it and all shall be know . but now ' twould be a great burthen on she heart . she be over - wringht already . caleb nod . william ( cont 'd ) ' tis heedless to tell of this now . heedless . ( pause . ) 26 . caleb aye . william let 's not speak on this again . caleb nod . william ( cont 'd ) caleb ? caleb aye , Father . pause . william now , canst thou tell you father what be ... sin ? caleb transgression of God 's Law . william aye. good . canst tell I ... ah ... canst thou tell I ... caleb look at he father . william be mouth stay open for a long pause . think . his hypocrisy cloud he head . ext . farmyard - day a huge feral - look billy goat , with enormous horn and long black hair , bleat and grunt . he buck wildly , kick up muck and mud . the young twin , jonas and mercy , chase the goat , wave stick above they head , laugh and sing : jonas & mercy Black Phillip , Black Phillip a crown grow out he head Black Phillip , Black Phillip to nanny queen be wed jump to the fence post running in the stall Black Phillip , Black Phillip King of all . the hen be cluck madly , flap about . the nanny goat be cry . burt , the workhorse neigh in the small half - build horse barn . 27 . ext . farmyard - moment later caleb and william , stumbling over the fence , run into the yard . william try to find a way to cut in and break up the commotion . caleb flank he . william get thee back ! get thee back ! caleb Phillip ! back ! jonas & mercy ( sing ) Black Phillip , Black Phillip , King of sky and land . Black Phillip , Black Phillip King of sea and sand . we be ye servant we be ye man Black Phillip eat the lion from the lion 's de . william how now , you two ! stop this mischief ! william run in front of the billy goat and caleb pull the twins aside . poultry fly wild . the goat run toward william . william try to grab its back leg . he miss , nearly fall down . the goat fly by , chase the chicken into the house katherine run out of the house , the goat head toward she . katherine shriek . she run to the child . william and the goat run into the house . a clatter be hear . william , the goat , and several chicken burst out of the front door of the house . william ( cont 'd ) ope 's the gate caleb , ope 's the gate ! 28 . caleb open the gate . katherine immediately grab he arm , tear he out of the way . she hold he and the twins close to she . william drive the goat in to he stall by he leg . the goat kick ... william slip and fall in a big pile of dung ! caleb and the whole family look at he . the billy goat be calm . he eat some fodder near william . chicken cluck . jonas and mercy laugh . william ( cont 'd ) I ' 1l have thee quiet . caleb watch he father get up . william look at he wife . her eye be cloudy from lack of sleep . she hold caleb tightly . she 's not laugh . katherine whither be you and caleb this morn ? william rise to go towards she tenderly . she step back and turn away from she husband . she call : katherine ( cont ’d ) thomasin ! william go toward she again . william kate ... katherine ( overlap ) thomasin ! thomasin ! thomasin come run to the farmyard out of breath . katherine ( cont ’d ) ( to William ) how could you disappear ! ( to thomasin ) ( more ) 29 . katherine ( cont ’d ) and thee ! I tell thee to keep watch of jonas and mercy . thomasin I be and I bid they help I and they pay I no mind . I be a- get - beside she jonas be pull on mercy 's cheek . mercy try not to laugh . william ( overlap , calmly ) stop that . katherine ( to thomasin ) what 's the matter with thee , thomasin ? what 's the matter with thee ? take thy father 's rag to the brook and wash they . william tis only dung . thomasin they would pay I no mind - katherine ( overlap ) and brush out he woolen . help he ! thomasin be shut down . katherine ( cont ’d ) ( to caleb ) my lamb . katherine kiss caleb 's head . caleb watch thomasin as she help she father take off he soile clothing . there be something too familiar in the way thomasin touch her father 's body as she undress he . it be innocent - it be subtle - but she be too old for it . katherine sees it too . she keep with the problem at hand : 30 . katherine ( cont ’d ) it give I such a fright to find thee go . ( to William ) I 's all not be leave here alone . dost hear ? the morning 's work be well behindhand . where be you ? meanwhile , jonas continue to pull at he sister 's cheek . with every tug mercy 's eye widen and he hold back laughter . mercy can not take it : she let out a scream , follow by a tearful giggle . william jonas ! leave thy sister be ! jonas she like it . katherine William ? william cannot a father spend godly time with he son ? jonas give another tug on mercy 's cheek and she scream again . william ( cont 'd ) jonas ! thomasin Father say stop it . william & katherine thomasin ! mercy laugh . jonas she like it ! mercy keep laugh . jonas ( cont 'd ) see . thomasin stop it ! 31 . william stop it each of you ! stop it . katherine as you like . katherine turn cold and walk toward the house . william be stick . he can not tell she . caleb look at he father 's sad face ... suddenly , caleb call out to he mother : caleb we go to find apple ! ( pause . ) william be face go white . caleb ( cont 'd ) in the valley . I have think I have see a apple tree in the valley . Father bring the gun , for if we glance that wolf again - katherine ( overlap ) why do you not tell I ? caleb Father want it a surprise to cheer you , and so ... but , there be none . I think I have see they . katherine look at caleb and william . she clearly doubt this story . pause . caleb look imploringly at she . she smile hesitantly , and she concede ... barely . katherine I like you not outside the farm . even to the valley . dost hear I ? caleb nod '' yes . '' 32 . william caleb ... ( pause . ) be a good lad and fetch some water for mother . stray not from the brook . caleb look knowingly at he father and run away . ext . farm , chopping - block - later : a axe head split a log . william chop wood furiously ! he be half dress with a linen sheet wrap round he waist like a skirt . chop ! chop ! ! chop ! !!! ext . stream near the wood - afternoon the long dead tendril of a willow tree hang around thomasin . she wade in a small stream scrubbing she father 's shirt and breech against some rock , quietly hum a psalm . caleb be nearby , fill bucket with water , watching he sister . thomasin 's apron and petticoat be tuck into she belt , exposing her bare legs in the water . caleb watch her legs ... and her SMALL chest rising up and down at the top of her bodice . thomasin shiver a bit in the cold water as she scrub . caleb hold the wooden bucket still in the stream and watch she work . thomasin look up and catch he gaze . caleb gasp silently and look to he chore . 33 . thomasin why be you dally ? caleb keep he eye on the bucket . thomasin ( cont 'd ) what then ? caleb slow he work again , but keep look down . thomasin ( cont 'd ) what ? thomasin splashes he with water . thomasin ( cont 'd ) caleb ? thomasin splashes he again . thomasin ( cont 'd ) caleb ? Big splash . caleb look up , hurt and ashamed . caleb stop it ! thomasin I mean no harm in it . caleb turn to go . thomasin ( cont 'd ) caleb , I mean no harm . what 's the matter with thee ? come hither . what 's the matter ? caleb go to thomasin and she take he in she arm . thomasin ( cont 'd ) what 's the matter with thee ? shhh . caleb 's eye well - up with tear . thomasin stroke caleb 's hair as he nestle up to she . thomasin ( cont 'd ) I have see no apple since we go from England . I would thou hadst find they . I so wish for one . thomasin mime biting caleb' shoulder and make a 34 . growling / gnawing SOUND . they laugh a little , though caleb try not to . thomasin start hum she psalm again , almost rock caleb . they stay for a long time in this innocently incestuous embrace . for once , all be calm . suddenly , they hear something move in the tall grass and bulrush : it 's the crackle and snap of many branch . ( it sound very like the sound the witch make when she ascend into the air in the beginning of the film . ) caleb guiltily jump out of thomasin 's arm . caleb hear that ? thomasin aye . the '' clickety - clackety '' sound again . caleb who 's there ? Long pause . a child voice speak , pretend to be old and scratchy : mercy ( 0.s. ) I be the witch of the Wood . thomasin mercy , come out . mercy ( 0.s. ) I be not mercy , I be the witch of the Wood . I have come to steal ye ! hear I stick a-fly through the tree : clickety - clackety - clickety - clakety ! caleb mercy ! 35 . thomasin show thyself ! mercy run through the bulrush ... mercy clickety-clackety-clickety-clakety ! thomasin why be 't when thou dost a wrong , I be a-wash Father 's clothes like a slave , and thou art play idle ? mercy come out hold a long stick : mercy because mother hate you ! thomasin spoilt child . i’11 tell mother you have leave the farm alone . mercy Black Phillip saith I can do what I like . thomasin Devil take you Black Phillip . mercy it 's you fault I can not leave the yard . thomasin quiet thee . mercy I could go to the brook before you let the witch take Sam . caleb it be a wolf steal Sam . mercy a witch . I have see she in she riding cloak about the Wood ! caleb Father show I the track . mercy it be a witch !! 36 . thomasin aye . it be a witch , mercy . you speak aright . caleb thomasin ! thomasin it be I ! mercy liar . thomasin twas I what steal he . I be the witch of the wood . mercy liar ! liar !! thomasin I be . thomasin smile the smile of a older sister who know 's she fib be work . and she 's not go to stop . caleb list not to she mercy . thomasin I be that very witch . when I sleep my spirit slip away from my body and dance naked with the Devil . that 's how I sign he book . mercy no ! thomasin grow more serious in she play . thomasin he bid I bring he a unbaptize babe , and I steal Sam , and I give he to my master . and I 'il make any man or thing else vanish I like . mercy no . thomasin aye . and I ‘’1l vanish thee too if thou displeaseth I . 37 . mercy be quiet . caleb mercy , she 's but tell fantasy . thomasin or perchance I 'il boil and bake thee since we be lack of food . mercy stop ! caleb stop thomasin . mercy start cry . mercy it 's not true ! thomasin seem very serious now . thomasin it be , thou thing ! how I crave to sink my tooth into thy pink flesh . mercy I be not afraid of thee ! thomasin I will make thee afraid before I have do with thee ! mercy start to run . thomasin run after she and grab she arm . mercy let I go ! let I go ! I be not afraid for God hath keep I and will keep I still ! thomasin if ever thou tellst thy mother of this , I will witch thee and thy mother ! and jonas too ! mercy caleb ! mercy cry and run again . thomasin stop she , she pin mercy down to the ground . thomasin slap her face ! 38 . thomasin stop thy tear and swear thy silence . mercy I swear it . thomasin you will not tell mother nor Father ! mercy I swear ! caleb thomasin , let she alone ! mercy get up . mercy get away from she caleb or she will witch thee ! mercy run away . caleb look at thomasin . caleb why tell mercy that horrible fancy ? thomasin dost thou hate I too ? caleb it be a wolf steal Sam . thomasin I know . she hold back she tear . thomasin ( cont 'd ) leave I be . go tell mother and Father of my wickedness . caleb walk toward she . thomasin ( cont 'd ) dost hear I ? caleb thomaisn , I - 39 . thomasin leave . caleb thomasin I hate thy pity . I need it not . int . farmhouse - night william be eye be close . with open arm , he hand reach above he head and up to Heaven . his word be not rhetorical . they be in earnest . william ... and forgive we the sin we have this day commit against thee ... everyone be at the table in prayer . food be very scant . william ( cont 'd ) free we from the shame and torment which be due unto we for they . we beseech thee , increase we faith in the promise of the gospel , we fear of thy name , and the hatred of all we sin ; that we may be assure that thy Holy Spirit dwell in we , that we might be thy child in thy love and mercy . for as we hunger for this food of we body , so we soul hunger for the food of eternal life . finish soon we day of sin , and bring we to everlast peace through the purify blood of thy son , we Lord and only saviour Christ Jesus . all amen . william put he arm down . caleb look at he father . william keep he eye to he food . thomasin look at mercy . mercy look away with fear . 40 . katherine thomasin , where hast thou put the silver cup ? caleb look up from he meal . thomasin be 't not on the shelf ? katherine nay . thomasin in the six board then . katherine t’aint there neither . it have be disappear for some while . ( pause . ) didst lose it ? thomasin I have not touch it . katherine where have it go then ? thomasin I have not touch it . katherine I have catch thee trifling with it before . william she sayth she have not touch it Katherine . katherine how thou couldst lose my father 's silver wine cup in this hovel , I can not know . thomasin I have no - katherine ( overlap ) peace child , it be go . do a wolf vanish that too ? 41 . thomasin 's stomach sink . caleb look at he father . william keep he gaze down on he own dinner . the tension be very palpable . sound of the crackle fire fill the silence . william she have not touch it Katherine . william take another bite of food and wipe he beard . eye on he plate . pause . katherine what be amiss on this farm ? katherine look down . katherine ( cont ’d ) it be not natural . jonas and mercy look back at thomasin with accusatory eye . william caleb ? caleb look at he father nervously ... will he make he confess ? william ( cont 'd ) will you read out the chapter of the Word to-night ? caleb nod '' yes , '' relieved . william ( cont 'd ) we must find some light in we darkness . to-morrow we will have a fast day but for we sin . everyone be silent . from outside a goat bleat . katherine thomasin ... another bleat . louder . 42. katherine ( cont ’d ) didst not bed they down before supper ? thomasin ? ext . farmyard - night another bleat , even wilder . the frightening sound echoe in the night . thomasin walk alone with a lantern to the goat shed . her cloak have be hastily throw on . the darkness of the farmyard be heavy on she . she can faintly hear caleb read from the Bible . as she walk , something move in the tree . she turn she head to the treetop and hear the '' clickety - clackety . '' pause . her breath quicken . she walk closer , cautiously , slowly . a terrible screeching and grunt come from the goat shed . she walk closer to the open door ... she hold up she lamp ... inside , black phillip be violently copulate with one of the nanny goat . the nanny goat scream as she try to pull away from he . he keep she in the grasp of he strong leg and muddy hoof . black phillip keep grunt and thrust . thomasin gasp . she do not look away . int . farmhouse , canopy bed - night william be in bed stare wide eye at the wall . the bed curtain be open and katherine be kneel on the floor praying by candlelight . william Love , put out the light . katherine keep praying . william ( cont 'd ) you must sleep tonight . kate ? 43 . katherine finish she parer and get into bed . william put he arm around katherine . william ( cont 'd ) thou dost remember I love thee ? she kiss he large farmer 's hand . katherine I do . william list I kate , I fear thou lookst too much upon this affliction . we must bend we thought towards God , not ourselves . ( pause . ) he hath never take a child from we . never a one , kate . who might earn that grace ? we have be ungrateful of God 's love . katherine embrace she husband and bury she face in he chest . william comfort she the best he can . katherine he hath curse this family . william no . he hath take we into a very low condition to humble we and to show we more of he grace . still in he embrace , katherine turn away . katherine be not Christ be lead into the wilderness to be ill meet by the devil ? william katherine we should not ’er have leave the plantation . william kate — 44 , katherine we should never have leave . katherine look at he . pause . william that damnéd church ! katherine ( overlap ) there be naught hither . william what need we ? Silver chalice ? this sting katherine . katherine how dare you chide I on a cup ? tis not for vanity that I be grieve of it . william look to the wall again . his stomach sink . he mean to confess : william Katherine , I must tell thee - katherine ( overlap ) we might have sell it . william what ? katherine what fool will trade for we corn ? william list I kate , I - katherine ( overlap ) no , listen to I , William : william kate — katherine William ! we daughter hath begat the sign of she womanhood ... 45 . katherine stop , she pick up she voice and call above . katherine ( cont ’d ) thomasin ? caleb ? be y'abe ? mercy ? Dead silence . katherine ( cont 'd ) jonas ? still silent . katherine close the bed drape . int . farmhouse , garret - continuous caleb and thomasin be awake , sit around a burn candle . jonas and mercy be tuck in to they bed , awake too . they all listen intently to every word of they parent 's whisper . katherine ( 0.s. ) ( whisper ) she 's old enough , she need must leave to serve another family . thomasin be stunne . william ( 0.s. ) nay , I must have each we hand - katherine ( 0.s. ) and each we empty stomach too ? thomasin 's face sink . caleb want to look at she but he do not . william ( 0.s. ) twas not she fault . I must tell thee kate - katherine ( 0.s. ) aye , it be thine for take thy family hither . william ( 0.s. ) this be godly land - 46 . katherine ( 0.s. ) ( overlap ) godly ? we child be be fostere up like savage . william ( 0.s. ) kate ! katherine ( 0.s. ) how oft I begge and begge thee to take Samuel for baptism . william ( 0.s. ) there be never - I have not - they have not baptize outside the congregation - katherine ( 0.s. ) ( overlap ) we Sam be in hell ! william ( 0.s. ) go to . katherine calm herself . katherine ( 0.s. ) God save we , caleb be well . william hesitates . william ( 0.s. ) aye . katherine ( 0.s. ) he be also near the age of ... apprenticeship . william ( 0.s. ) we must keep he still . and thomasin . katherine ( 0.s. ) that corn be trash . william ( 0.s. ) we can not back to that church ! katherine ( 0.s. ) we will starve ! 47 . william ( 0.s. ) peace . you will wake ‘em . peace . i’11l take the horse to village tomorrow with thomasin . the tilden or the whyting , they can make use of she . they be good folk . kate. kate. stop . we will find food . I know it . caleb look over at thomasin . she be cry into in she pillow . hold on : caleb . black . int . horse barn - pre -dawn caleb , by candlelight , unty the horse 's reins from a post . thomasin ( 0.8 ) ( whisper ) caleb ! caleb ! he turn and see thomasin walk around the farmyard . she see he ! thomasin come into the barn and quickly hide from the view of the farmhouse . caleb drop the rein and scramble away from the horse . thomasin ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? he 's catch . he will not look at she . caleb go to sleep . thomasin what 's this ? tell I now ! caleb thomasin see that burt the horse have he work - saddle and bridle on . thomasin running away then ? caleb no . thomasin lie not to I . caleb I do not . thomasin then what ? caleb thomasin tell I ! I x11 wake mother and father . caleb ignore she . thomasin ( cont 'd ) as you like . thomasin start to head toward the house . caleb get scared that she 's not bluff : caleb if thou will back to sleep , and keep silent of this , I promise thee , you will need not leave to serve the tilden nor any family else . thomasin caleb - caleb ( overlap ) tis not pity for thee , so chide I not . i’1ll be back by mid-day . caleb go over to the horse . thomasin let I along with you . caleb I cannot . thomasin give he a look that she be not to be trifle with . 49 . ext . the wood - early morning the Wood be still dark . thomasin ride burt . caleb be on foot , hold the rein and lead the way with he flicker lantern . fowler trot along beside they . caleb have the musket . the match - cord be light . ext . another part of the wood - morning caleb find one of the trap by the large overturned tree . he bend down . thomasin well ? caleb turn to she with a smile ! they have make a catch ! ext . another part of the wood - day caleb and thomasin move now with a swifter , more assure pace . a muskrat and other small game hang from the horse 's tack . they spirit be light : thomasin aye but we do ! caleb nay . thomasin we do . caleb no ! thomasin we have glass window in England . we have not be hither so long that you can forget that ? caleb as you like , thomasin . thomasin you have go mad ! 50 . caleb thomasin we do . caleb thomasin dost not remember fowler lay on the floor i’ the sun ? you must ! and the curious -curle shadow upon he back ...? caleb nay . thomasin you do ! and where the sun would shine , would he warm himself . ( to fowler ) would not you , thou idler ? remember once he lay upon the table , and Father see he and he saith '' we will have he for meat ! kate , kate ! we will roast this beast '' ( she laugh ) . you must remember that ! caleb I remember that day , but no glass . pause . thomasin well ... thomasin be very frustrated that caleb cannot remember ... and find herself surprisingly emotional about this window . thomasin ( cont 'd ) ... it be pretty . suddenly , fowler start tracking something . caleb what be 't boy ? fowler point : caleb and thomasin look ahead . 51 . stand about fifty yard before they be same giant hare from yesterday ! burt be spooked . he neigh and clomp around , kick up dirt and toss he head up oddly . thomasin hold tight to the work saddle . caleb try to keep he foot . caleb ( cont 'd ) burt , calm thee . thomasin pat burt to calm he and caleb give she the rein . the hare stay motionless , look straight at caleb . caleb carefully prepare the musket . he take aim ... he shout : caleb ( cont 'd ) fowler , thence ! fowler run toward the hare , bark loudly ! burt neigh again , go rampant , nearly knock thomasin off . thomasin burt ! the hare run deep into the wood ! fowler follows he and disappear ! caleb fowler nay ! fowler ! caleb run after fowler ! he shout back to thomasin as he run : caleb ( cont 'd ) stand here with burt ! burt be still acting frantic ! thomasin caleb , he 's go mad ! caleb ( overlap ) I will straight back ! but it be too late ... 52 . the horse rear and buck again , knocking thomasin to the ground and gallop off in the opposite direction of fowler ! thud ! thomasin be left unconscious on the forest floor . ext . another part of the wood - later caleb travel deeper into the Wood , run . the tree have become more indiscernible from one another . tall seemingly identical trunk stand loom in every direction . he stop , panting . he turn around . caleb thomasin ? thomasin ! he hear nothing . he try to whistle for fowler like he father do . it come out airy and quiet . caleb ( cont 'd ) folwer ! he attempt to whistle again . it do not work . ext . farm yard - later jonas and mercy be tethere to a long rope tie to the fence so they can not wander from the farm . the goat - bell from the nanny goat have also be tie to they . twins caleb ! caleb ! the bell clank as they walk . katherine and william be in the distant field near the wood search , call they child 's name . a light rain start to fall . it plink on the goat - bell . katherine & william ( in the distance ) caleb , lad ! thomasin ! ext . another part of the wood - afternoon thomasin wake . 53 . thomasin caleb ? she stand , uneasy . she look around . she know where she be . she be near overturned tree where caleb set the first trap . how do she get there ? she turn back . thomasin ( cont 'd ) caleb ! burt ?! nothing . thomasin ( cont 'd ) caleb !! she run on toward home ! ext . another part of the wood - later caleb hold he musket ready . the tree and underbrush have become even more dense and tangle . he pray aloud as he walk : caleb o God my Lord , I now begin , o help I and I will leave my sin . for I repentant now will be , from evil I will turn to thee . none ever shall destroy my faith , nor do I mind what Satan saith . o God my Lord , I now begin , o help I and I will leave my sin - he hear the yelp of the dog . it echoe in the wood . he run fast after the noise . he can not see through the mist . he keep run . running . he trip and fall . in front of he be the bloody remains of fowler , still hot , still breathing he last breaths ! 54 . ext . another part of the wood - dusk thomasin clumsily weave through crackle branch . daylight be wane . she breath heavily , try to run , but she be exhaust . all of a sudden , she hear something faint ... voice ! they be almost inaudible : william ( 0.s ) caleb ! thomasin ! katherine ( 0.s. ) caleb ! she pick up she pace ! ext . a winding path - dusk caleb trudge through a strange wind path of dense , twist , vine and thorns . he try to run , but the rain , fog , and spiky terrain slow he down . his stocking get catch on some thorns . he recoil in pain and drop the musket . he try to disentangle himself , further cut he finger and leg . he try to pick up the musket but it be catch in the thorns . he pull and pull and it only make thing worse . his hand bleed more . he be cry . in the distance be a sweet melody . a woman humming . he turn he head to find where the music be come from . a few yard in front of he be the hare ! the hare jump away . caleb follows , leaving the musket in the rain . ext . the edge of the wood - the next moment thomasin come to the edge of the tree line and see she 55 . father in the last light of dusk . thomasin Father ! Father ! he hear she and run toward she ! william thomasin ! they meet , william pick she up in he arm . william ( cont 'd ) thomasin ! my girl . he hug she tight in the rain . he rub he cheek on hers . william look into she glassy eye : william ( cont 'd ) where be thy brother ? ext . witch 's hovel - dusk caleb emerge from the barb path to see a faint warm light . the hum be more distinct . through the mist and rain the witch 's hovel become visible : the point structure sit up high on four knotted tree trunk . matted branch overhang its sagging moss - grow thatch - roof , upon which there be no chimney , just a hole puffing smoke . the whole thing look hold together by ill - omen weed , plant , and sinister root that grow all over and through the muddy wall like a plague . a rotting foot - ladder lead up to the slightly open front door . firelight glow from within . caleb continue to walk toward the hum . the hare be nowhere to be see . he stumble through a large FIRE pit with bone strewn about the ground . rain plink on a huge iron cauldron in the center of the pit . just then , the door open wider ... caleb stop short . out step a beautiful woman ( 20 ) in a red cloak . she smoke a small clay pipe . 56 . caleb step back . he be soaking wet . he try he best to stop cry , to no avail . the woman come forward and she very dirty , but dainty , bare foot take one step down the foot ladder . she lean forward . she reach she arm out sympathetically toward caleb . her face be greasy , but stun . her filthy bodice be cut quite low . there be a few small mole on she ample breast . caleb see this all . he stay still . the rain fall . the woman beckon he . caleb walk toward she , he be draw to she . he can not help it . she crouch on the foot ladder . caleb be now face to face with she . she smile at caleb . some of she tooth be crooked and brown near the gum , it be startling , but she be beautiful all the same . she stroke caleb 's head and embrace he . tear still fall from caleb 's eye . he tremble . he look at the woman 's face , he look into she hypnotic amber eye . she smile so sweetly . she draw caleb near . she kiss caleb sensually on the mouth ! she pull he in tighter ... suddenly , her hand , now old and ugly , creep around and grab the back of he head like a claw . she push he mouth further into hers !! black . int . farmhouse - night close on : thomasin stand against the wall , shaking . guilty . soaking wet . katherine what 's the matter with thee thomasin ? what 's the matter with thee ? thomasin cannot move . william I will leave at first light and I '1l1 return not till I find he . katherine twould be better to go to the village and raise up help . I can not bear - william ( overlap ) tis a day ride and I have not a horse . there be not time to be lose . katherine likely you should have leave this morn then . william katherine you have no gun , William , nay , not even a dog . be not a fool . 57 . thomasin watch william get up and put on he wet cloak and hat . william I be a fool to go . there be none will help we family . william rummages through the house . william ( cont 'd ) where 's the lanthorn ? he rummages some more . he can not find it . in frustration , william shout : he throw something across the room with a bang . thomasin cover she eye . jonas and mercy cower in the corner . 58 . william ( cont 'd ) be it so . the moon be bright . rain bother I not . i’1l be back in a two day -- if any a man will return with I . mercy do not go Father ! jonas ( overlap ) please you Father , do not go ! katherine enough . ( to thomasin , calmly . ) tell we why you go into the Wood . thomasin I promise . thomasin exchange a quick glance with she father . katherine I care not . thomasin let I find favor in you eye . katherine child , tell I and thou will . thomasin I ... i. katherine speak ! william step out from the shadow of the room . william I take thy father 's cup . ( pause . ) I sell it . forgive I kate . forgive I thomasin . katherine what be this ? william kate , I must make a confession ... ( pause . ) I , yestermorn , I take caleb to the Wood . ext . the farm - moment later rain pelt down upon the tiny house . katherine burst out of the door into the rain . william run after she . william twas for food - and the pelt for money . good money . katherine ( overlap ) I know you be false ! I know it ! william I do want it a surprise , twas why I keep silent . I will trap that wolf . stop ! stop kate ! william grab hold of she arm . katherine you stand by whilst we son lie to I ! william ' twas for thy sake . I love thee kate . katherine you take he to the Wood ! william I will find he . katherine you have break God 's covenant . you be a liar . and you have lose another child . 59 . CUT to : 60 . william ( overlap ) I will go now ! katherine you can not escape the wood ! william I will find he ! katherine and kill thyself too ? will jonas be the man of the house ? will you damn all you family to death ?! william kate - katherine ( overlap ) let go of I . they struggle . william I will find my son ! katherine slap william very hard in the face . william lift he hand to strike he wife . thomasin ( 0.s. ) Father ! the child be gather by the open door . they watch they parent fight in the rain . william see he child . he put he hand down , he pick up katherine in he arm , and walk toward the house . int . farmhouse - later thomasin tend to she father 's bloody nose by the hearth . william shiver in he wet clothes . he look at he daughter , ashamed . katherine sit on the other side of the fire hold jonas and mercy in she arm . she rock they back in forth . 61 . katherine pick apple . silence . thomasin look at katherine . thomasin mother , have the goat be bedd down ? katherine nay . thomasin I will to it . katherine let it wait till the morrow . they dare not scape with this rain . thomasin nay , I will to it . please you , mother . katherine come hither child . thomasin walk to she mother ... katherine embrace thomasin along with she other remain child . pause . katherine look at thomasin 's yearn face . she kiss she warmly . katherine ( cont ’d ) hurry back . int / ext . goat shed - night thomasin proudly pet the nanny goat and sooth they . black phillip stand by , he horn casting enormous shadow from thomasin 's lantern light . thomasin bring one of the white nannies down to the ground . no sound but the pitter - patter of the rain outside . Long pause . 62 . suddenly , thomasin hear the sound of footstep outside in the grass ... more footstep . stumble around . she hear the SOUND of a wooden creak . thomasin be still . she hear the wood creak again more forcefully . thomasin flee from the goat shed to see what it be ... ext . goat shed - continuous it 's caleb ! wet . naked . pale as death . he grasp a fence - post try to stay stand in the pour rain . thomasin run to he . she embrace he . he be shiver . thomasin caleb . caleb ! caleb collapse in thomasin 's arm . thomasin shriek : thomasin ( cont 'd ) Father ! mother ! thomasin bring she lamp to caleb 's face : he eye roll to the back of he head . he open he mouth wide and scream a utterly silent scream . black . int . farmhouse , garret - night shutter be close . several taper be light . caleb be in he straw bed breathe stertorously . his eye be close . there be several small scab around he mouth . his lip move slightly , occasionally mutter something inaudible . thomasin wipe the perspiration from he brow . katherine take a broad strip of linen and sprinkle it with herb . then she hold a taper into the flame of a wood - 63 . candle . the flame billow a thick smoke as katherine drip the hot tallow over the herb . she place this poultice cloth over caleb 's bare stomach and tie it teach with thomasin 's help . jonas & mercy sit by he pillow and touch he gently with they tiny finger . the twins look at thomasin with suspicion . thomasin try to ignore this . katherine give thomasin a small bowl to hold by caleb 's head . katherine take she knife and make a small cut ina protrude vein in caleb 's temple . blood drip into the bowl . katherine begin to pray . thomasin look at she father . william stand reticently from a couple pace back , lean he hand on one of the beam of the garret . ext . farm , chopping - block - night william in the pouring rain , chop wood . chop . chop ! chop !!! ext / int . goat shed - morning thomasin be in the shed with a pail and milk stool , readying one of the nanny goat for milk . she look over at the twins : they sit in the fodder with black phillip . mercy look at he leg , he hoof . she play with the long , matte , dung - cover hair on he leg . she still have the goat - bell tie to she coat . she play the part : mercy baa . baa . jonas , also still wear a bell , lift up black phillip 's ear and whisper into it . jonas ( whisper ) baa. baa. 64 . jonas & mercy ( whisper ) baaa . baaa . baaa . mercy ( whisper ) what ail caleb , Black Phillip ? what ail he ? do thomasin make ' im sick in the Wood ? thomasin what say you ? jonas mind thy self . I know what you do to Sam . thomasin go to . jonas Black Phillip saith you be wick . mercy aye , he tell I too . thomasin damn you Black Phillip ! mercy he saith you put the Devil in caleb , that 's why he 's sick . thomasin I would never hurt caleb , nor Sam , nor thee . mercy you beat I ! thomasin it be a jest . mercy you say you have eat of I ! thomasin mercy !? mercy mother and Father will find out . thomasin what ? 65 . jonas that you be a witch ! thomasin calm down . she ignore they . jonas ( cont 'd ) thomasin ... do you hear ? thomasin continue to ignore he and get to work . she grab one of the goat 's teat . jonas ( cont 'd ) thomasin ... she squeeze . blood squirt into the pail . thomasin be in disbelief . she squeeze again . more blood . thomasin gasp and jump to she foot accidentally kicking the pail of blood to the ground . jonas and mercy see the spilt blood oozing across the straw . they look at thomasin in terror , as if she made this happen . int . farmhouse , garret - morning caleb lie in he trance - like state , he white face faintly light by the small garret window . katherine be next to he praying . william creak sheepishly up the ladder . katherine ( to herself ) amen . katherine ( cont ’d ) dost remember John kempe 's boy ? that first winter , he be torment of indian magic . william sigh . william tis not the same . 66 . katherine ( overlap ) this be unnatural providence . william I know not that . katherine look at thy son . william katherine will ... william what ? katherine think . william think what ? katherine think . william I have no think katherine put she face down on caleb 's chest . katherine do this look not like witchcraft !? ( pause ) . william what witch ? who be it that do this then ? who ? thy thought be as a child . katherine william open a chest and start take thing off the beam of the garret and put they inside . katherine ( cont ’d ) what be you do ? 67 . william we will back to the plantation in the morn . find a good family for thomasin . take caleb to the Doctor . he will find whether this be some natural ill or no . katherine william yet we cannot return beggar . we will scour the field . there may be some fruit yet untouched by this rot . katherine look to caleb . william ( cont 'd ) I beseech thee Katherine , what canst thou do for he presently ? katherine how might we all bare it to the village with no horse ? william the little corn with the goat , can fetch a fair price . we will back with caleb , sell they , then return with a horse for the twin and thomasin . katherine ( overlap ) you can not leave they here - william ( overlap ) no , nay . thomasin and thee - katherine ( overlap ) forget the crop will ! william ( overlap ) what ? what ? what dost thou want !? tell I and I 'il give it thee ! katherine touch caleb 's sweaty hair . katherine I want to be home . 68. william thou will be home by candle - time tomorrow . katherine in England . william katherine will , I ... I also have a confession to make : william be still . katherine ( cont ’d ) I never wish to be a shrew to thee . I have become as job 's wife , I know it , but since Sam , since ... my heart have turn to stone . ( katherine swell , but keep she emotion in check ) ) I have dream once - twas when I be of thomasin 's year - that I be with Christ upon earth . I be so very near he and in many tear for the assurance of the pardon of my sin and be so ravish with he love towards I , I think it far exceed the affection of the kindest husband . the impression of it be so deep in my heart , when I wake , my pillow have turn to tear . william katherine and , since Samuel disappear , I have such a sad weakness of faith that I can not shake it . I can not see Christ 's help as near . I pray and pray but I cannot . . . I fear I can not ever feel that same measure of love again . william ( curt ) thou shalt have of it in heaven . ( more ) 69 . william ( cont 'd ) ( pause . ) I will be i’ the field . if you can spare a while , do . william slam the trunk . william ( cont 'd ) we will leave at dawn . I promise thee that . ext / int . goat shed - morning thomasin try to cover the blood with dung . jonas and mercy watch she . william shout : william ( 0.s. ) thomasin ! jonas , mercy ! come hither ! thomasin turn to the twins . thomasin speak not a word ! ext . cornfield - day william and jonas be rout through the cornfield destroy the bundle corn shock . william carry a large , mostly empty basket on he shoulder . jonas crawl around in the dirt , throw useless find to the side . ext . farmyard / cornfield - continuous katherine and thomasin be take the salvageable ear and hang they to dry on side of the house . katherine use a billhook ( a rustic knife like a small machete ) to cut the fungus out of the kernel . thomasin be very glad to be work with she mother . mercy be behind she sing : mercy ( sing ) Black Phillip be a merry merry king he rule the land with mirth . 70 . thomasin ( overlap ) I can not abide you song . katherine please you , mercy . mercy stare at she sister : mercy ( sing ) Black Philip have a mighty mighty sting he 'il knock thee to the earth . sing bah bah King Phillip the black sing bah bah bah bah bah thomasin ( overlap ) peace thou thing . katherine mercy . thomasin . mercy ( sing ) sing bah bah King Phillip the black he ’1ll knock thee on thy back ! thomasin enough ! just then , a terrible shriek be hear from the house ! everyone stop and turn . they hear caleb scream and scream at the top of he lung ! william throw he basket to the ground , katherine drop she billhook on the bench outside the front door and they run inside . jonas and mercy look at thomasin and then run toward the house too . int . farmhouse , garret - moment later caleb shriek : 71 . caleb get the broad axe and cut off she head . his eye be open wide . his head be back . he sweat profusely . katherine and william try to hold he down . caleb ( cont 'd ) get the narrow axe and cut off she head ! thomasin and the twins watch dumbfounded . caleb be writhe in pain , contort he body with each of this horrible description : caleb ( cont 'd ) she 's upon I , she kneel .. my belly ... my bowel , she pinch ... scratch . she ... ch -- caleb 's face grow red as if he be be choked . katherine ( overlap ) caleb ! caleb ( overlap ) sin! sin ! sin !!! william ( overlap ) thomasin , take the child outside . katherine hold caleb and he squirm in she arm . mercy ( overlap ) Father , what 's happen ? caleb Sin ! katherine caleb ! 72. mercy & jonas ( overlap ) mother ! Father ! william ( overlap ) thomasin ! take they hence ! thomasin grab at jonas and mercy 's hand but they run from she , watch they brother . caleb ( overlap ) God be naught . God be naught . caleb breathes heavily . his eye roll back in he head . katherine who do this to thee ? who do this ? caleb keep breathe heavily , he mouth shut tight . his tooth be clench . katherine try to open he mouth . katherine ( cont ’d ) his mouth be seal - up . caleb 's mouth foam , a bit of blood come out . he be seize violently . william Children , keep from this . thomasin help ! jonas & mercy no ! thomasin rush to the bed . she hold caleb down while william try to open caleb 's mouth with he finger . katherine he will break he jaw . caleb tighten he bite . william panic . he take the knife from he belt and tries to force caleb 's mouth OPEN with the wooden handle . caleb be groan , blood spill from he mouth and william hold the knife handle , try not to cut caleb or himself . caleb keep breathe hard . 73 . katherine ( cont ’d ) what be 't ? what be 't ? there be something behind caleb 's teeth ... pushing through . william pull the knife away . caleb start retching ... he heave , and heave ... he vomit up a SMALL rotting apple ! ! thomasin shudder . william and katherine pull away in terror . caleb subside . the family watch the apple fall to the floor . katherine look at william . katherine ( cont ’d ) William ? william away from this ! katherine he be witched ! thomasin no ! pause . jonas point at thomasin jonas ' tis she ! thomasin nol ! william and katherine turn to jonas . pause . katherine what horrible fancy 's this ? mercy she tell I she steal Sam ! 74 . william silence . go back to the yard ! jonas ( overlap ) she give he to the Devil in the Wood . thomasin they lie ! katherine ( overlap ) what say you ? mercy she meet the Devil in the Wood ! jonas she turn flora 's milk to blood . mercy she have bid we keep secret from you . thomasin it be but a jest to quiet she . i.. the twins run to they parent . jonas she make bargain with Satan ! mercy she sign he book ! william silence . thomasin go toward they . mercy ( overlap ) do not let she near I . she will place a curse on I . jonas ( overlap ) Father ! mercy mother ! 75 . thomasin ( overlap ) they conspire against I . mercy thomasin be a witch ! william stand . william nay . I 'il not hear it . jonas she be ! william push the child away from he . william I will have proof of it , or heaven help thee . on thy knee ! katherine stop it William ! the child kneel . william look I in the eye daughter . dost thou love the word of God ? thomasin yes . william Love you the Bible ? Love you prayer ? thomasin yes ! yes ! william we be child of sin all , yet I tell thee , I have raise up no witch in this house . let we pray , then we need fear nothing . we shall never lie open to the wick one . pray for thy brother . jonas you must believe we . 76 . thomasin evil , wretch ! thomasin start after the twin ! william & katherine thomasin ! william pray ! the twins stand there freeze . william ( cont 'd ) pray ! we Father , which art in heaven ... the twins stay still . they stare at caleb 's bloody mouth and bedclothes . katherine jonas , pray ! jonas I ... I can not remember my prayer . katherine what ? mercy nor i. jonas I cannot . katherine stop this nonsense . william speak child , we Father , which art in heaven , hallow ... the twins look as if they be in pain . mercy 's eye fill with tear . thomasin ( overlap ) pray . pray you beast . mercy thomasin ! stop ! 77 . thomasin come now ? pray !! jonas I cannot . mercy ( overlap ) I cannot . thomasin push mercy to the floor ! thomasin get on thy knee and pray ! mercy shriek in pain ! william damnation ! mercy thomasin , stop ! katherine I can not hear this . this be not so ! thomasin ( overlap ) on my life and soul ! mercy ( overlap ) let we pray sister , I crave of thee ! william thomasin .... if they speak true ... jonas & mercy ( overlap ) let we pray thomasin !! suddenly : caleb start to scream . jonas and mercy start to scream the same way as caleb . caleb a toad . a cat . a crow . a raven . a great black dog . a wolf . william ( overlap ) stop this . stop 78 . jonas and mercy start act like animal bleat and caw in a horrifying manner , they do not seem like child . caleb ( overlap ) she desire of my blood . she send ‘em upon I . they feed upon she teat , she nether part . she send ‘em upon I . jonas and mercy scream in pain do all the same action as caleb . jonas & mercy they desire of my blood . they bite I , they bite I ! caleb ( overlap ) my Lord , my Jesus ! save I ! she send she devil ... mercy ( overlap ) thomasin ! jonas ( overlap ) stop it stop it ! thomasin I do nothing . katherine think on Christ ! caleb I be thine enemy , wallowing in the blood and filth of my sin . katherine the Lord be my shepherd ... caleb william I be thine enemy , wallowing the Lord be my shepherd , in the blood and filth of my sin . jonas I be thine enemy wallowing in the blood and filth of my sin . mercy ( overlap ) I be thine enemy wallowing in the blood and filth of my sin 79 . william & katherine I shall not want . he maketh I to rest in green pasture , & leadeth I by the still water . he restoreth my soul , & leadeth I in the path of righteousness for he name sake . yea , though I should walk through the valley of the shadow of death , fear no evil : I will caleb / william / katherine for thou art with I . katherine caleb ! caleb shout : caleb cast the light of thy countenance upon I . spread over I the lap of thy love . jonas and mercy silently mouth the word he say and they tremor on the floor near he . caleb ( cont ’d ) wash I in the ever-flow fountain of thy blood . let I ever be with thee . wholly thine I be , my sweet Lord Jesus . as caleb '’s word grow more intense , he continue to writhe , and he motion and exclamation seem disturbingly erotic . caleb ( cont 'd ) o my Lord , my love ! kiss I with the kiss of thy mouth , how lovely art thou ! ... thy embrace ! my lord , my love , my soul 's salvation , take I to thy lap !! caleb collapse completely limp . jonas I love thee Jesus , I love thee . 80 . mercy I be thine , Lord . jonas and mercy collapse too , they chest move heavily up and_down . pause . everyone else be still , try to process what they have just see . thomasin look at she brother : thomasin caleb ! she run to he body and embrace it . katherine grab he too . katherine caleb . katherine try to rouse caleb . thomasin turn to the twin . thomasin jonas , mercy . get up . get up !!! thomasin yank they up . they fall to the ground , silent , but breathe . thomasin look back at she brother . he be not move . not breathe . katherine turn to william : katherine he be dead . william thomasin katherine he be dead ! thomasin panic ! ext . farm , hillside - afternoon thomasin run across the field ! william run after she . 81 . william thomasin ! thomasin ! thomasin collapse in the grass by a old enormous oak tree . she sob . william hold she in he arm . william ( cont 'd ) my girl . they sit for a moment under the tree , catch they breath . she bury she head in he chest . he take she hand . pause . william ( cont 'd ) this tree will be lovely come spring . remember when we come hither ? thomasin william a fine tree . next year I would have sewn a wheat field . start at this tree and end thither . we have have be a proper farm then . I have have buy we a great fat milk cow , finish we the barn ... thomasin william you must tell I , thomasin ... ( pause . ) tomorrow , I can not keep secret of this , a council will be call and thy life be ... thy life ... thomasin you will not believe I ? william I see the serpent in my son . you stop they prayer thomasin - 82 . thomasin push away . thomasin ( overlap ) they lie . william I see it . I have be blind thomasin . caleb disappear with thee ! thomasin ( overlap ) I love caleb ! william ( overlap ) ) and who then find he , naked as sin , pale as death and witched !? ( he calm ) list I thomasin , the bargain thou hast make be of no effect . thomasin ( overlap ) I make no bargain . william thy soul belongeth to Christ .... thomasin ( overlap ) I make no bargain . william ... the Devil hath no interest in thee ! thomasin stand in front of he . thomasin I be no witch , father ! william what do I but see in my house ? thomasin will you not hear I ?! william I prithee , confess - pause . 83 . thomasin ( overlap ) why have you turn against I ? william ( overlap ) Jesus Christ can unwitch we if you will but speak the truth to I . as I love thee , speak truth ! thomasin you ask I to speak truth ? william I beg thee ! thomasin turn cold . thomasin you and mother be plan to rid the farm of I . william thomasin aye . I hear you speak of it . be that truth ? william thomasin you take of mother 's cup and let she rail at I . be that truth ? william peace thee . thomasin I will not . william I be thy father ! thomasin you be a hypocrite ! william hold thy tongue daughter mine ! 84 . thomasin you take caleb to the Wood and let I take the blame of that too . you confess not till it be too late . be that truth ? you let mother be as thy master ! you can not bring the crop to yield ! you can not hunt ! be that truth enough ? william enough ! thomasin thou canst do nothing save cut wood ! william bitch ! william grab thomasin and hold she close to he face . she look imploringly into he eye : thomasin and you will not hear I ! william must I hear the Devil wag he tongue in thy mouth ? thomasin 's eye ignite . thomasin ask the twin then . william thomasin ask they . they spend all day long babbling to that horn beast . they know well he voice . william go to ! thomasin the adversary oft come in the shape of a he-goat . and whisper . aye , whisper . ( pause . ) he be lucifer , you know it . ( more ) 85 . thomasin ( cont 'd ) the twin know it . william slander thy brethren no more . thomasin it be they ! william from my sight . thomasin I nil not move from this spot till you put the question to they . william get up . thomasin twas they and that goat what bewitch this whole farm . william lies ! thomasin was’t a wolf steal Sam ? I never see no wolf . mercy tell I herself by the stream '' I be the witch of the wood ! '' william get up . rise !! william grab thomasin by the shoulder violently and drag she across the field . int . farmhouse - afternoon caleb 's body lie on the table . katherine be prepare he for burial . william burst through the door and throw thomasin to the katherine what be this ? william speak ! 86 . thomasin I be no witch . katherine get she from my sight ! I x11 not have she in this house . william she be no witch , Katherine . what be the cause , daughter ? tell thy mother . thomasin look at jonas and mercy in they parent 's bed , eye close , moan , trance - like . thomasin I can not know for certain . william thou toldst I well thou know ! katherine I can not look at she . william aye , but y’shall : thomasin ? thomasin william thomasin ! thomasin jonas and mercy ... they make covenant with the Devil in the shape of Black Phillip . katherine william dost hear that ? ye Black minion ? dost hear , yolk devil ? william shake the twins in they sleep trance : william ( cont 'd ) wake . wake from this . do ye make some unholy bond with that goat ? speak if this be pretense ! the twins lie still . william laugh angrily and frighteningly . william ( cont 'd ) dissembler ! grave pretender all . hear I this : I will not play a fool to child 's game ! katherine this be no sport William . william yet this lie from we babe 's mouth be but trifle to they . thomasin I do not lie ! william silence , creature ! katherine thy son be dead . damned . william caleb do but cry Jesus . katherine the Devil ! william you know it not ! katherine the Devil will speak scripture too . william you know it not . it be not true ! katherine we be damned ! william explode : william wake !! he shake the twins violently . william ( cont 'd ) fetch the billhook wife and I will smite thee jonas as abraham would have do he seed ! 87 . 88. katherine William stop this ! william pick up Joseph by the scruff of the neck . william fetch the billhook and I 'il dash he skull ! jonas wake up immediately and scream ! mercy jump from the bed , alert , awake . mercy no !! jonas Father ! thomasin do you see ?! do you so see now ?! william damnation !!! int / ext . goat shed - later Hammer ! Hammer ! Hammer ! william hammer old plank over the door of the goat shed . he hold several nail in he tooth . his eye wet with tear . he must do it . he have no choice . the twins be scream . thomasin no ! it be not safe . not with they ! all three child be inside the shed with the goat . mercy Father ! thomasin keep I from this goat . william if that old billy be the Devil , I would have dance with he myself . william hammer in the last nail . 89 . william ( cont 'd ) Ill break thee out upon the dawn , and we will set back to the plantation . his child 's eye look at he through the crack . they small plead finger stretch towards he . william ( cont 'd ) think on thy sin . int . goat shed - continuous thomasin sit at one end of the shed . jonas and mercy sit at the other with black phillip and the other goat . jonas stroke black phillip . pause . thomasin be you witch ? pause . jonas do Father think I be one ? mercy be you ? thomasin no. ( pause . ) doth he really speak to thee ? black phillip move around in the shadow . thomasin look at he , guard at first , but slowly become more intoxicate with curiosity . the goat stare back with he otherworldly rectangular pupil . ext . hillside - sunset the wind blow . william and katherine stand beneath the giant old oak . 90 . a SMALL , shallow grave have be dig . caleb 's body , wrap in a old linen sheet , lie inside . william and katherine look on . they will not cry . katherine toss a few brittle sprig of rosemary upon on he chest . pause . william take up a shovel . he start to cover the body with earth . katherine stay still . pause . she step away ... she climb down into the grave . william stop shoveling . katherine hold caleb 's body tight . william look on : she be not cry . not hysterical . just still . a live corpse . katherine look at william hard in the eye . pause . the SUN set behind they , disappear into the wood . audio transition : chop ! chop !! chop !!! ext . chopping block - night william chop wood . william' wood pile be tower nearly as high as the house . many of the log have be haphazardly toss up top and lean precariously over the edge . william keep cut and toss . he groan and grunt with every angry chop . int / ext . goat shed - at the same time gl . thomasin and the twins watch they father through the crack of the shed . -intercut between william and child the shed - william throw the axe to the ground . he whisper to God : william it be my fault . he fall hard to he knee . his muscle shake with fatigue . william ( cont 'd ) I confess it . I confess it !! he scoops up a hand full of earth and hold it tight in he fist . he look to heaven : william ( cont 'd ) o my God , I be false . I be bemire with the filth of pride . I be . I know it . dispose of I as thou will , yet redeem my child . they can not tame they natural evil . close on : thomasin , listen . she take in she father 's heavy word . william ( cont 'd ) I lie before thee a coward and thine enemy and lick the dust of thy earth . william bring the fist of dirt to he mouth ... and swallow it . he take another handful ... william ( cont 'd ) I beg thee wash they clean in thy blood . I beg thee my Christ ... save my child . save they . I beg thee ... close on : thomasin , listen . william ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) I beg thee ... I have not damned my family . I beg the ... 92 . ext . farmhouse - night the farm wait quietly in the moonlight . no one be outside . no candle light creep through the crack in the door . the wind blow . brittle branch rattle and snap . the tall tree creek and moan . Far away be the faintest sound of : '' clickety - clackety - clickety - clackety -clickety -clackety-clickety-clackety . '' it echoe through the forest and the farm . int . goat shed - night jonas and mercy lie awake in the hay and straw with the sleep goat . thomasin be asleep on the other side of the shed . '' clickety - clackety , clickety - clakety '' the twins hear it ... be it getting louder ? they clutch each other tight . int . farmhouse , canopy bed - night katherine lie on she pillow half asleep . she faintly hear giggling baby . she open she eye . it be utterly black . she get out of bed , fumble to light a taper . she put it to a die ember and the taper illuminate she face . in front of she be the silver cup ! how can this be ? she lean toward it ... the baby giggle again . she gasp and turn behind she : caleb sit on a stool hold SAMUEL on he lap . they be clean and healthy , and illuminate by a dim ethereal light . 93 . SAMUEL wear a christen gown . katherine get up and go to they . camera stays on katherine : katherine my lamb . my angel ! her face glow with joy ! her happy tear wash the grief from she face . she be beautiful . caleb ( 0.s. ) ( whisper ) mother . we have long to see you so . they embrace . katherine go to she knee and look up at caleb . she take SAM from he arm . she laugh ! katherine as I to thee ! her eye light up . katherine ( cont ’d ) I must wake thy father ! he will be so glad - caleb ( 0.s. ) ( whisper ) ) no , let he sleep . caleb stroke she hair . int / ext . goat house - night jonas and mercy clutch each other . the wind blow . the clickety - clackety through the tree have grow louder . closer . pause . the clickety - clackety come again , this time they can hear the branch break off and fall upon the roof of the goat shed and on to the ground right next to they . then they hear a light thump on the grass . 94 . now footstep in the grass . they see shadow move through the wooden slat of the goat shed . they hear a scratching on the wall of the shed . someone be try to open the door . a figure scuttle around the shed . they hear the sound of something burrow or digging . int . farmhouse - night caleb ( 0.s. ) ( whisper ) we would see you oft mother . would that please you ? katherine aye. caleb ( 0.s. ) ( whisper ) I have bring a book for you , mother . will you look at it with I ? katherine aye . katherine ( cont ’d ) one moment yet , Samuel be hungry . come come , my little Sam . katherine put SAM to feed at her breast . she smile and close she eye . she hold up the back of he head . she feel at home again . ext . goat shed - night mercy and jonas see something in the shed crawl around with they . they be squeezing each other 's arm in fear . jonas let out a whimper : jonas flora ? flora ? pause. 95 . there be something near the nanny goat . jonas ( cont 'd ) girl ? they move ever so slightly closer . they go closer . there be something under flora moving around rhythmically . a boney spine of some pale beast be rocking back and forth . mercy flora ? mercy lean forward ... it be the hunchback of the old witch ! she be sucking on the goat 's teat ! jonas and mercy scream !! the witch turn around ! her bloody jaw flash for a moment in the scrap of moonlight within the shed . she reach her bloody talon toward they . the child keep scream , back away ! thomasin wake up and shriek . the SOUND of jonas and mercy goat - bell clank and clatter over there scream . int . farmhouse - the same time audio of the scream and clatter continue ... wide : katherine sit in the dark farmhouse breast feeding a large black raven . the raven flap its wing . black . over black : a wooden bang . bang ! bang !! int . farmhouse , canopy bed - dawn 96 . william be eye open wearily . the bang be come from the side of the house . with each bang the house shake and wood crack . bit of clay crumble off the wall . william hear black phillip bleat loudly . he leave the bed and throw on he breech and boot . katherine sit up and follow he with she eye , not leave she bed . blood soak her shift around her nipple . ext . farmhouse - dawn william leave the house and go into the misty farmyard . black phillip be bucking the side of the farmhouse with he horn . clapboard splinter off . he bleat and grunt , kick up dirt . william yell and shoos he away . william back . back ! black phillip start run madly around the farmyard . william look ahead . the thatch on the goat shed be all tear up ; there be a giant hole in the roof . the door William board - up have be smashed open . fodder and dung be spread out all over the ground of the farmyard . he walk closer . the two nanny goat lay dead , they udder bleed . jonas and mercy be gone . thomasin lie awake , shudder in the fetal position , splash in blood . black phillip stand there . he bleat again , steam come from he mouth and nostril . william go directly to the chopping block and grab the axe . 97 . he march over to black phillip . the goat run round he . william run after it , he raise the axe high ... william take a swipe and miss the goat . the goat buck william and knock he to the ground , take the wind out of he , then run across he leg . william heave and then get up . the goat gallop toward the wood pile . william run after he , limping . he hack at black phillip , slice he shoulder . the goat scream and ram william into he huge stack of firewood . black phillip 's horn run through william 's stomach , one goe out he back . upon the impact the log teeter , and a avalanche of log tumble down on william . black phillip run off . william struggle under the huge pile of wood . blood pour from he mouth , he abdomen and he head . he move no more . thomasin walk ghost - like toward she dead father . she kneel down next to he . she reach she hand out to touch he face ... just then : katherine ( 0.s. ) ( scream ) what hast thou do !? katherine grab thomasin 's hair and yank she to she foot ! thomasin shriek ! she scramble away from katherine . katherine look at William 's corpse and the destroy goat 98 . shed , and thomasin stain with blood . katherine 's face be empty . katherine ( cont ’d ) where be they ? thomasin I know not what I see - katherine ( overlap ) where be they ? thomasin I do nothing ! she come from the sky - she - katherine ( overlap ) Devil ! you have they blood upon thy hand ! katherine be half - laugh , half - cry : katherine ( cont ’d ) it be you . it be you . thomasin run rapidly toward the side of the house . katherine follow she . thomasin stumble over a basket of corn , she brace herself against the side of the house thomasin I be you daughter ! katherine the Devil be in thee and hath have thee . you be smear of he sin . you reek of evil . you have make a covenant with death ! thomasin mother ! katherine you bewitch thy brother , proud slut ! thomasin stop it mother . do 99 . katherine you not think I see thy sluttish look to he , bewitch he eye as any whore ? thomasin what say you to I ? katherine and thy father next ! thomasin mother ! katherine you take they from I ! they be go ! thomasin no! katherine you kill my child ! katherine have clapboard . no ! thomasin press right up against the thomasin thomasin push she mother back . katherine slap she in the face ! you katherine kill thy father ! katherine slap and hit she . thomasin be force down on to the bench by the door . let thomasin ( overlap ) go ! stop stop . I love you ! please , mother I love you ! katherine ( overlap ) witch ! witch ! thomasin ( overlap ) stop it ! stop it ! stop it ! thomasin be struggle to get katherine off of she but she 100 . can not . katherine be use all she force . thomasin reach behind she , for something , anything .... the first thing that reach she blind finger be the rusty billhook . thomasin , unknowingly take it up .... she swing it and slashes her mother in the head ! katherine give a stunne look and blood gush from she wound . thomasin be in shock at what 's she 's do : thomasin forgive I . forgive I . mother , mother - thomasin take a step forward , but then katherine start to strangle thomasin ! she squeeze she hand tight around she daughter 's neck , turn red , try to scream ! thomasin tries to get her mother off of her ! she can ’t! katherine keep strangling her . thomasin , in turn , hack at katherine with the billhook again . her eye close . she hack again , and again until she can get away ! thomasin escape from she mother 's clutches . katherine collapse on thomasin . thomasin lie there with she mother 's heavy body on she . pause . thomasin be shaking uncontrollably , breathe fast - adrenaline still coursing through she body . the billhook drop out of she hand . she try to move katherine 's head , but it fall limp . katherine be dead . pause . thomasin let out quiet , deeply mournful cry . she hug she mother 's corpse . tightly . 101 . pause . then , slowly , slowly , the hug release and thomasin 's face begin to fall numb . still tremble , on she back , thomasin crawl awkwardly out from under katherine , push she mother off she . thomasin get up and walk slowly , not look at the body . she walk around the farmyard like a ghost . she look out at the old oak tree . out to caleb 's grave . pause . she be alone . int . farmhouse - moment later enter the house , thomasin take off she bloody bodice and skirt and leave they on the floor . she take a blanket from she parent 's bed and drape it over she shoulder , cover she bloody shift . she sit at the table . she put she head on the table . empty . she close she eye . black . int . farmhouse - night thomasin wake in the same position . all be dark in the house . the wind blow the door open and shut . open and shut . open ... thomasin turn to the door . the blanket fall to the floor . the door beckon she . ext . farm - night thomasin hold a light taper and walk barefoot out into the night wear only she shift . black phillip stand before she . breath from he nostril 102 . catch the moonlight . the wind blow . black phillip walk into the shamble of the goat shed . int . goat shed - night thomasin hold the candle up to see black philip 's face . note : camera stay on thomasin ( we never see black phillip 's face ) thomasin ( whisper ) Black Phillip . I conjure thee to speak . speak as thou dost speak to jonas and mercy . ( pause . ) dost thou understand my English tongue ? pause . nothing . thomasin ( cont 'd ) answer I . pause . nothing . thomasin be truly alone . she turn she head and take a step away . but just then , a deep resonant voice , quiet , calm and cold replies : black phillip ( 0.s ) what dost thou want ? thomasin tun back , astonished : thomasin what canst thou give ? black phillip ( 0.s. ) wouldst thou like the taste of butter ? a pretty dress ? ( more ) 103 . black phillip ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) wouldst thou like to live deliciously ? pause . thomasin yes . black phillip ( 0.s. ) wouldst thou like to see the world ? thomasin what will you from I ? black phillip ( 0.s. ) dost thou see a book before thee ? black phillip 's hoof step around a massive red leather book . Centuries old . as black phillip 's left hoof leave frame , he right foot cross , now in the shape of a gaudy cavalier 's boot with a jangling gold spur . thomasin look up from the ground , back to black phillip 's face . thomasin aye . black phillip ( 0.s. ) remove thy shift . thomasin hesitates ... she pull the thin string on she shift awkwardly and child - like . she close she eye . she think she be ready . she give in . if fall off she body . ( note : while '' appear '' nude to the audience , thomasin 's breast , '' etc . '' will never be in frame . ) thomasin hear the spur jangle around she . thomasin I can not write my name . black phillip ( 0.s. ) I will guide thy hand . behind her cross black phillip , now a beautiful beard man with a dark complexion . 104 . only glimpsis of he face and gleam from he gold button and silk trimming be see . he large , richly embroidered , black leather gauntlet take her slender white shoulder . he shiny lock of sable hair , cockerel father , and black lace slowly shroud thomasin 's face . black . ext . edge of the wood - night wide , camera on her back : thomasin ride naked on the back of black phillip ( a goat again ) , she hair fall freely behind she . they journey deep into the wood . int . the wood - night now within the wood , the '' clickety - clackety '' of broomstick fly through tree above they head be hear . ext . the witch 's hovel - night as thomasin emerge from the path , she see a freakish sight : half-visible in the darkness , still far from thomasin , be a dozen woman : old woman , woman in they middle year , young woman - all grotesque - some humpback and cripple . all appear misshapen and distort by the night . all of they be filthy and nude or in strange patch and shred of clothing . they hold broomstick , pole , distaff and pitchfork . the witch dance , gyrate , shaking , and quivering in a trance - like reverie around a cauldron and fire in front of the witch hovel . deprave . subhuman . bestial . thomasin and black phillip walk closer to the circle . when the coven of witch see they , they shriek and cackle with delight - they face contort from they laughter . they welcome thomasin with they eye . thomasin , still astride black phillip , smile . she join the circle , laugh a little too , blush ... then laugh more and more , with every growing moment her sorrow melt away . very slowly , as this laughter increase the witch begin to levitate around the FIRE , rise on they broom and pole ... then , thomasin and black phillip rise too ... slowly go 105 . higher and higher . thomasin keep laughing , ever increasing in pleasure and freedom . tear roll down her cheek as she laugh . pure ecstacy . they rise higher . black . the end .