the godfather part III written by mario puzo &amp ; Francis Ford coppola first draft . 3/22/79 fade in : before title : the screen be black . first we hear the sound of a single trumpet play slowly and sadly , the note faintly resonant as if echoing through the narrow street of some old hill village in Sicily . now , confusingly , we see a slant of light move past we and another , and as we surroundings become more visible , we discover that we be move through a pine forest light by shaft of morning sunlight . now , . suddenly , we come out of the tree and find ourselves on the nevada shore of Lake tahoe . it be a clear , cold morning in September of nineteen fifty-nine . we now see the corleone compound at lakeside , half -hidden by pine and fir . we move toward it , past the gate and guard house , past the guest house , past the kennel for the guard dog , and finally to the front driveway of the main house where a conservative sedan be be load by a chauffeur and a pair . of large dark - head man name Al neri and rocco lampone . rocco limp slightly . as suitcase be be place in the trunk of the car , the front door to the main house open and Tom hagen , a trim , serious , bald man in a business suit , appear he cross to the corner of the house and look off . hagen' point of view - the lake and lkside stand by the shore of the lake be a little boy , . tony Adams corleone , age about ten . the boy , dress for travel , be look off at the lake , he back to - ward we . reverse angle - on tony as he look out at the lake we might sense that he be troubled and puzzle , although he be manage to keep he expression stoic . hagen can be see in the background , by the house 9 after a moment : . T 2 . continiied S hagen tony . ( then ) time to go . there be a beat and tony compose himself , turn and move up toward the house and Tom hagen . ext . front of taeoe house and driveway - day the heavy , black sedan be load . connie corleane and a housekeeper , in uniform , be bring Mary , about five , out to the car . she too be dress for travel . as they put she into the car -- connie in you get --- mary will . daddy be at the airport ? - another angle as Tom and tony come up . hagen no . ere want I to tell you both how sorry he be . tony ( to connie ) aunt connie ..- ? connie would apparently prefer to avoid answer any question . connie 8e sure and give my love to you mother . neri it be not like you will not be back from time to time . lampcne I ' 11 bet we ' 11 all . be together for Christmas . wait and see . tony gem into the car . he lock out the window to -- ward the house . we begin xxi - N ti. tzs 2 C 2=17 " 's E 3. tee driveway hagen be the last one into the car . as it start down the driveway on its way to the airport in reno , connie , lampone , neri and the housekeeper all wave . the auto - matic gate at the foot of the driveway open . the Guard at the gate flick a half - salute as the limousine pass through . tee group be n font of eoqse as the group break , connie and the housekeeper go back inside , neri and lampone drift off , we pan up - ward to a window in the second -story and zoom in . Michael corleone have move the curtain aside with one hand and be look after the disappear limousine , he expression unreadable - but somehow sad . znt . airlmpr - day we be close on tony , look out the window of the airliner , he own expression match that of he father . ext . logan i_ ? i'z'e . national ai72ort ( stoce ) - day as a airliner of the period come in for a landing . . yew england counitryside - day a limousine be move northbound up interstate 93 . maple on either side of the road be turn ' red and yellow . we pan the limousine past and continue to pan to a sign mark the stateline between Massachusetts and New Hampshire . be .m. l:mc sinne - day it be almost night . tony be look out the window as the limousine enter the little town of hanover , move down past the da. louth College green on eleazer wheelock Street and t7 rn right on north Main - e`{ '.r. '. xay dam ' ecusr . - vigri ' we be a a post box , the name " Adams " on _t side . we cull back _c '..: cl ude a mode + shi -e , ?aa-story ! ( ccrrt+_` ? -? J 4. 0 conti` : clapboard house with giant elm and maple in the front yard . the limousine stop outside the house . 4 under its fanlight , the front door swing open and Ray Adams come out . as she child run to she she kneel and gather they into she arm . we move in close on tony and as we hold , the '' ? no title a.nd credit be over and we begin to hear speaker ' S voice we Nation be and have be histor - ically the symbol of freedom , of justice and opportunity and its pecui.iar strength be that no matter what we individual background -- ext . navy AIM ma.ri Z corp stadium - day we be close on a young man , Anthony Adams ( corleone ) , in the uniform of a midshipman of the Naval Academy at annapolis . we be pull back as the speaker -- who be arne grundellius , the Secretary of State -- continue , he accent faintly scandinavian . '' crundellius ' voice -- there be no limit to the goal to which we can each legitimately aspire . and now , as a unpopular war be end in East Asia and we set we sight on new goal , I leave you with the word of another sailor --- we continue to pull back to discover that we be at the navy and Marine Corps stadium . it be a late spring day and in the early - middle nineteen seventy . the midshipmen , they parent and guest , be gather for - the graduation ceremony . grqndelliiis ' we will be to keep the torch of freedom burn for all . to this solemn purpose we call on the young , the brave and the strong , and the free . heed my call . come to the sea . come sail with I . ' ( then ) I '= sure the entire 3ricade of mid - shimen recogr zes the word of John ^p ?aui Vo ne S. continued : during this speech we find we have be . move through the stadium . we find tony 's mother , Ray , among the guest . we also see tony 's sister , Mary , about twenty , Tom hagen and Al neri . another angle the speech be over and as the audience applaud , the superintendent of the Academy cross a to grundellius . siiper2nte11dent thank you , lister Secretary - as the Secretary of State cross back to he seat , the superintendent address the microphone . superznt -' .j. dent the follow first classmen will step forward to receive they diploma . the superintendent consult a list which a Aid have supply - the superintendent read off . the first t'o name , then 0 superintendent trident scholar Anthony Adams at the sound of he name tony rise and move toward - the speaker 's platform . we dissolve to : ext . tee speaf .r' pl ? tform - day the final first classman - have receive the final diploma and be . move off as a midshipman run up to center stage , and . - in accordance with long tradition --- mid $ ipman I propose three cheer for that about to leave we . eig hip ! ( the Brigade answer with a roar ) sin - hip : ( again ) hip : lip the Brigade answer for the th:i.rd time aid as the mid - sh pma .. run cff , he =lace be take by a represen - by tat .?. have of the graduate class . 0 ( ccnt tl " zd ) - 6 . con in = : first classman I propose three cheer for that we leave behind . hip hip ( hurray ) hip hip ! ( hurray ) sip hip ? ea ar=g tony as the graduate midshipmen give they last full - throat response and skim they hat into the air , tony -- half a beat behind the other -- do like - wise . we pull back and pan upward to the explosion of white hat arching through the air . cat to : ext . naval academy ya ? W -- day we pick up a man name stu palmateer move th-rough the group of strolling midshipmen and they guest . palmateer , be a poise , pleasant , tough man abcut forty , dress in the unifora of a Marine caotai.n he spot tony in a group with he guest , near the 0 statue of tecumseh . tony and the otyer . tony be stand with Kay , mara hagen and Al nexi . tony turn as -- ( coming up ) congratulation , tony . tony thank you , sir. ( then ) Captain palmateer , I would like to present you to my mother , Mrs. Adams -- my. sister , star , { --- ( then ) and this be mister 3agen , a very old friend , and Al teri - T use to ride on he shoulder when I be a little 1 : ov - pa : ateer , as gzeet the lady , shake hand with he man , ad l bi. : c appropriately . Nice to .eet u , so cn . ( cl ?? T ) k 7. palmateer ( to xay I be sorry to drag he off this way , Mam . ( to tony ) ready ? tony ( nod , then ) see you all tonight . tony kiss he mother and he and palmateer move off . exc . GEORGE , waseiygtcn beltway - day we pick up a car come along the Washington beltway approach the CIA turnoff near langley , Virginia . we pan with it , then continue to pan over to a road sign which read , " Central Intelligence Agency " . lit . t3e car - day palmateer be drive . tony sit next to h.m . they make the turnoff to the CIA , go up the access road , 0 come to a stop at the entrance . as the Marine Guard come out of the guardhouse and up to the car , palmateer be take out he identification . '' ext . tee MAIN CIA 3 uildlng - day palmateer and tony , on foot now , move up to the build - ing . they move through the front door . = 4t . . CIA build LNG ( lobby ) . - day we be in he gigantic foyer of the CIA building . the camera be focus on the CIA motto , etched boldly into the white marble wall . it read : " ye shall m tow t= truth and the triit $ sea " ma= - you free " . we pan off the motto to pick up palnateer and tony as they move through the great , column rcom toward the desk at the end . the Guard at the desk , see paimateer ' 's identification , signal h 1 m and tony up to the badge Office which i.s up a flight of step on the ricnt . I S. 0 I . CIA bu=sit ma.dge of -vicf , ) - day as palmateer show he identification to a woman behind the desk : ppl4mateer Captain palzaateer . ( then , indic - ates tony ) mister - Adams . we have a appoint - ment with the d.d.p. the woman give palmateer he badge , check the photo on the badge against he face before she do so . palmateer initial the form she give he as she give tony he pass and stamp it in large letter : " rust be acccimpanied % i=. CIA btjilaing ( lobby ) - day within the foyer be another crate separate the foyer from the inner sanctum of the building itself . we be on the Gate Guards as they check the badge and pass of that enter . they nod palmateer and tony through the gate . we pan they toward the bank of varicolor elevator . as they go to the elevator we hear --- palmateer ' S VC ice this be a. preliminary interview , not bind on either party . the next step , if it 's agree to take that step , would be a session with the Assessment and evaluation sec - tion . psychological testing . biographical data . end with a polygraph test . SIM . CIA build ( sixth floor ) - day we be on the elevator door as they open and palmateer and tony emerge . they walk down the corridor with its bare , off - white wall . the floor be cover ; with green vinyl . only the office door add color . they be paint variously , red , blue and yellow . as they go down the long ha . tway : patza , E ?.ssum ._^_c no serious orobiam cc-me to light , y cv will be g..ven pro- visional operao_on apz=va_ , effec - 0 tive for .x non zhs . di x. q rich ( C jnt =ed ) I 9 . continued : palmateer ( cont ' d ) time you would be send to we fac - ility at Camp peary for a special training program -- tony and pal. mateer enter the office at the far - end of the hall . it . moreecuse's office - day it be a reasonably large office as befit one of the top echelon CIA man . morehouse , himself , sit at a large desk . the seal of the Agency be a the wall behind he , flanke by the National flag and the Agency flag , a standard . we be close on Thomas morehouse , about fifty - five , a impose , silver - haire mar .. he lock up from a dossier he 's be study , then : =rehouse would you have any objection to be assign to we , mister Adams ? anot : R anclh include tony and pal steer who sit across the desk from morehouse . to : jy that would depend on the duty , sir. morehouse ( to palmateer ) how much have you tell ii= , stu ? pal , `?atee . ' just that there be a assignment we think he would be suite for . morehoqsr . all right . ( then ) we have be authorize and fund to carry out a too priority covert operation in Latin America . Captain palmateer with lZ be field coordinator . you job wou.l.d be s.iasor .. there be a beat , then : - R 10 . contmilted : mob ' otjse something the matter , mister Adams ? tony before we go into polygraph and so on , there 's something you might not know . mcb eous.c fact be , we know quite a bit . ( read from dossier ) Adams , Anthony . no middle initial . bear New York nursery and child ' Hospital , rebruary 3rd , 1951 . mother and father separate . - tony divorce . moreeouse divorce . morehouse . scratch the correction into the dossier . with a pencil , then : mo.'3ehouse . you be raise in hanover , New Hampshire . you mother teach school . name legally change in 1963 . attend Phillips Exeter . letter in ice hockey . tony and baseball . moreeouse and baseball . ( nods ) you father be Michael co=l - - one , a resident of nevada . re 's principal stockholder of genco International , a corporation that deal mainly in hotel and casinos , but they also have interest in a alive cil com - pany , a charter airline , laundromat , nursing home , so on . tony do this assignment have scmet - h4 n5 to do wit not =a ; , er ? tc nt.?w.•'? vzd } I ? i. 0 contiyu : morehouse only in so far as he have certain business connection that might be willing to help we . tony y have not see my father since I be ten year old . moreeouse no contact at all ? tony I get a Christmas present and a check or . my birthday -- that 's about it . as far as I know , he 's retire . do not see anyone . oreeouse m yes . that 's why I be anxious to have this meeting today -- while mister hagen be still in Washington . another vgi2 0 as tony pause , think . after a moment : tony I really do not know if I can help you very much , mister : korehouse . morehouse let I ask you a personal question , tony .. do you love you country , - ( hold up hand ) I be not talk about t.' : :e Nathan hale kind of thug . just simply , wart and all , do you dish this Nation well ? tony yes , of course . morehcuse well , what if with tell you -- and try not to be grandiose -- that this one operation might very ael ' 6 insure peace on this : iemisnhere for the next : f.i t be vea 's . maybe mora . ? 2. ext . a restaurant terrace ( WASHINGTON ) right we be a the terrace of a pleasant restaurant over - look Washington d.c . the dome of the Capitol building be impressively floodlit as be the washi:g - ton monument and the White : louse . tony and hagen be lean on the terrace railing , look out . a waiter have just finish pour coffee for they . as the waiter move off , tony throw a look at $ agen , then : tony well ? ha , en let I make sure I be clear on this . you be tell I that the govern - ment would like the corleone family to perfatm a service for they -- probably involve some friend of R ours in Latin America . tony right_ aagen 's where ? who 's concerned ? what would it entail , speci.-46ically ? tour I do not know that vet . emmit when will you be able to tell I this thing ? tony as soon as they decide i.'m not a Russian spy . a iotsm xygle as eaaen smile , shake he head . sureaucracy .. tony what they would like to fi:d out . right now be : wctzd you be interested ? 3 agei :' l... :.et you .c.-tct ?•. tcn ?? y no ?4u save to checx i :tv fat er ( c N ' " =nl ? D ) it 13 . contiwed hagen tony hagen tony I think about tahoe sometimes . be the fishing still good up there ? 0 hagz I suppose so . I be in Vegas most of the time .. F tony that be good day . eagen yes . they be . anotber angle as Al teri cone up , look at he watch . neri you still want to catch that shuttle to New York ? hagen yes . thank you , Al . ( to tony ) where can I reach you ? tony scribbles a address on a card and hand it to hagen . as 'he look at it : hagezy q.s. navy Research ' acili.ty . ( then ) Research on what ? tony nothing . it -'s a dummy out : i,t . that phone ring in langley , but they will know where I be . for for agen nod and gut the card in he wallet a we to : l 4 . M. tnterf . ogation room one ( CIA ) -- dav tony be complete a test , fitting block together against time . the first '' interrogator be watch impassively , stopwatch in hand . tony finish , straighten . the interrogator click the stopwatch impassively , give no indication whether or not tony have pass the test . CUT to : int . interrogation room two ( CIA ) - day the second interrogator , a psychiatrist , be seat I behind a desk rock at a little steeple that he 's make of he hand . 2 nd interrogator and you be never curious ? ? nctmm ngle include tony who sit across the desk from the interrogator . tony about what ? 2 nd intemogator why you father send you away . you never wonder about it ? you must have think something . tony I think he have he reason . 2 nd interrogator and you do not feel any resentment ? tony 110 . 2 nd 7.nnt .'rr0 gator what do you feel ? tony nothi..ng the secor_ iuterro , acor glande •cver . the not ace of anger in tor_vis _as - response have tell hiz . and we somethinc . C " ^ ' to : ui - 15 . 0 T. L " tt-_.rrogation room ter= - day tony sit in a chair in a small room with acoustical tile on the wall and ceiling . behind hint be a desk - like structure with a build - in apparatus of dial , graph paper and odd , narrow metal pen . tony be connect to the desk ensemble by three appara - tus : a blood pressure cuff attach to he arm , . a accordian tube around the chest to measure change in breathe rhythm ; a hand -held device with electrode which measure change in perspiration or galvanic skin response . the third interrogator sit at the desk behind tony , ask question slowly and check the three stylusis on the roll graph . 3rd interrogator have you ever visit a ccnsmunist country ? tony no . 3rd inter3cgator have you ever belong to a commu - 9 aist Organization ? tony no . 3rd in`'errogator be you tell the ruth ? tony yes . 3rd interrogator have you ever have a homosexual ex - perience ? tony turn and look at the third interrogator . tony no. save vou ? the ; " hi=d interrogator tense angrily for a ncment , then : 31 - i0 :n'_r'errcgatcr its esser zia1 that you face the i for lar and answer the cluest '_oi :s ?es at 1o . ( ccnt 'Z nt D ) 16 . ccntz ''' ' itfed : tony turn back to the wall , then : 3rd I :yt rrogator do you have any friend in the Communist Party ? tony no . ctt to : int . i:yt ...c2 rogatzon room ts - m2 - day it be later . tony be on he foot get ready to leave . as the third interrogator be check over the graph with they red ink squiggle . 3rd terrogator I get a high galvanic response on question twenty - three . ( check second graph ) Z also have agitation indicate on you cardio trace on the same question : ' do you have any close friend in . the Communist Party ? ' you answer be negative . would you like to amend that ? tony have roll down he sleeve and out on he coat . he pause at the door , then : tony it 's my roommate up at eseter . phil bodeen . 3rd int . 'rrcgatcr he 's a ma. - xist ? tony Z do not know . ( grins ) but last time be see he he have a american flag sewn to --..e seat of he pants . 3rd int=.rcgator and how do 'cu feel about tat ? tony ( sh ..?ug 's L gis y y be be 1 1 + I grl mci n E ( con ` tzd ) 17 . wont : F 3rd &gt ;arr.` 3rogator that 's interesting . tonv what ? 3rd interrogator you think it 's perfectly all right to sew the Nation 's flag to the seat of you pants ? tony as a matter of fact Z do not . ( then ) but the Supreme Court do . syza - bclic freedom of speach . protec ted under the first amendment . as tony tuff to go : 3rd interrogator Adam I ? tony ( turn back ) Sir ? 0 3rd interrogator I take it you be prepare to die for that right ? tour no , sir. dying do not fit in with my plan at all . 3rd m47trrogator just what be you plan , mister Adams ? tony T plan on pass this thing CUT to : tnt . handball court - day tony and stu palszateer be in sweat clothes , play a hard , ma-mercy game of handball . ? almateer be close as he hit the ball : PAT . mate R you will cohtz.we : we whip pan to tony , return the shot . tony what make you think so ? palmat z.p.. you have get friend in high place , chino ( . as tony put one away : pai.6vxt.. , er shot .. p ( then ) believe I , you will be read - in on the project by next week . CUT to : = T. ibo cation build ( st.psey CITY ) - day we be on the front entrance of the building own by the International Brotherhood of dockworker . this be the National headquarters Building , so indentified by a plaque of some kind . Tom hagen enter this buildinq 0 follow ?;y Al , neri . mm. bra. dy ' S outer oft= - day the President of the Union , Patrick brady , a large , red-face , hearty man , come burst out of a door and cross up to hagen and neri . hagen Tom ! alberto ! come in . come in this way . I ( to Secretary ) no call , : maggie . 1 = 41Z . ccnfep , . n=_ boom - day this be a very plush room with heavy carpet , a long polished table and a large portrait of the Union 's ex - president , Danny devito . under this portrait be a bar at which brady stand pour drink into crystal . glass . - as he t ril the drin 's , y yea the w..t..rzh ner + k then as he gi " ies the secon d one to iacer : °- ( cdnt t D ) 18 . continvzd brady you be look good , Tom . how do you keep you belly so flat ? eagen mainly try to rum you down . $ rady do you think this outfit =in itself ? rag= I think you be stalling we , Pat . brady stalljag ? ( to uteri ) will you listen to this guy ? ( grins at hagen ) you want to know when I get back from New Orleans ? ten-thi. -ty last night . Big problem . 3 age1 I understand and S sympathize , but you have have we proposal for a month --- another ance brady cross to the head of the board table where he open a : older and start riffling through some papers . as he do so , eagen open he briefcase . bagen ' 1f you have misplace it , I have a copy of the package plus . a summary of genco International 's asset and project profit base on audite financial statement with additional data supply by we comptroller . I also have the plan and estimate . brady okay . okay . I find 4 - ( then ) you want a i'i ,ty m :?lion do ? la= line of credit to be . grant be full to genco azternatiorai and subsidiary and so on and so - 73rth -- ( - oak a ) for a. hotel in tlar tic City ? 7 - 's a lot of money , ' ^o to ( c.` cn 'i _.dl : e^u ) 19 . cont'vczd : bag T not if they vote in local option gambling . and they will . brady that 's beside the point . ?act be , that day be over when Danny use to hand it out like so much free lunch . there 's be a big reduction in we c fitment to new construction loan . ragr` how Long have that policy be in effect ? brady let I read you something . angtimr ang '. E as brady withdraw a newspaper cut - out , obviously a editorial , from the folder . 3rady S it 's head 2 take the hcod out of the Brotherhood . ( look up ) cute ? ( read ) ' it. be precisely man like Patrick brady -- who take over the pre - idency of the i3d when the former President , Danny devito be pack off to prison , who must be watch by the SEC . because of the tremen- dous economic power of the anion pension fund , this man -- with they syndicate connection --- be put the underworld in a position to dominate the american economy ( then ) what more can I tell vou ? a you can tell I if the answer be yes or no . as brady cross to the 4a !-! where ?.e ? arge srt dio por-trai.t of Danny devito , a tcugh -lcok zc __ctle tay , E ( conti itv:.d ) I 20 . ccnti tuei ? : be frame in a place of honor . after a moment brady shake he head and turn back to hagen . brady tome sorry , Tom . : such as I love and respect cur former president , I do not have any burn urge to end up rooming with he at Leavenworth . eagw before you give I you final be - fusal . , I would like to say one thing --- brady you have just have my final refusal , hagen . the answer be no . i another anglz as hagen look at brady for a moment , then start put papers back into he briefcase . as he do so : brady no hard feeling . it 's just a policy decision of the board . bagen I understand and I thank you for you time --- neri ( to brady ) I will see you around , Pat . brady what 's that suppose to mean ? m it mean I will see you around . brady what be t suppose to do ? get scared ? piss in my pants ? , , to one be trfing to intimidate you . the corleone :° ti.ly do not do business that wacr , 3rady T h e cori eon 4ami ? y do not do ( C on " be y zt , D ) 21 . contz4 " D :. brady ( cont 'd ) a hell of a lot of business , period . the way Z hear it , you be finish . with Mike lock away in a rubber room someplace , and a two million dollar tax lein on you Vegas prop - erty , you . get the ball to come in here and try to run muscle on I . get out of here . both of you . sage N we be just go . hagen have pack he papers into he briefcase . now he nod at neri and as both turn , and start toward the door : brady wait a minute . hagen turn back . brady come up with the genco inte.r - national loan application . brady take this along with you in case you run out of toilet paper on 0 the flight back to Vegas . 3agen take the application from brady , then cuietly : E , gr 3 do not ever think that the corleone tamily be finish , mister brady . that would be a mistake . hagen and neri now turn and exit . brady be look after they . gradually the bravado drain from he big , pink , irish face and he cross to the telephone and pick it up . brady gat I Sam maatrocina . citt 1 ' 60 elt . maatrcciii .' S yacet ( long zs ladim marimtl ) - day we be close on the hatchway to the main salon as Sam iaatroci_na , the slick , sharp , middle - age Don of a. powerf :. L New York faoi i y , come up into shot and pause , smile cff : cont== , cm I 4 22 . contsnved : maatrocina there 's a trick to it , Pat . anot $ er angle include the canopy afterdeck of % laatrocina 's lovely yacht , moor among other of its type in a splendid : forth shore Long Island marina . Pat brady , look out of place in he suit and city shoe , atand try to light a cigar with a table lighter . I brady hello Sam . I be sorry to have bother you . we pull back slightly as maatrocina --- in neat yacht - ing white and deck shoe - come up follow by a cold - look man , Ralph augusto , maatrocina 's hood . troc no bother at all . ( to augusto ) Light the man 's cigar for he , Ralph .. as augusta come up , take the lighter from brady and set about the business of lighting the big , Union leader' cigar : maatrccina so what 's we friend tcm hagen sp to this day ? brady still shopping around for that loan . maatrocina lot of luck to he . brady thank you , Ralph . augusta , have light brady 's cigar , nod expression - lessly and sit as : 3rady T h ey ; rie ed to =1=_ - W a scare at I . w^1ti \z 'v. Z0 ; I 23 . cont=nred : maatrociia do not worry about it . brady something about hagen kind of bother I . maatrocina offer a platter of grape to brady . maatrcc=ta you like a grape ? brady no thank you . I m atrocina I will te12 you haw tough hagen be -- { eat a grape ) Ralph auqusto will make in squat down in the middle of Times Square in the rush hour and take a shit . brady yeah ? what about Al neri ? 0 maatrocina I tell you do not worry -- do not worry . you stick with the - maatro - ciza famly you be safe as church . ( then ) that I promise you on my mother 's grave . as maatrocina lean across with the grape again : maatrocina do I a favor .. one grape . I grow them at my own place . they be de - licious . as brady take a grape , maatrocina look over at Ralph augusto : another angi . - featuring augu sto as he nod almost iimperceptibly , get un and go , I to : E 24 . 0 network newsroom ( wasbington ) - day we pick up Elizabeth Ann dunne , about 30 . she be a television personality , mainly a interviewer of celebrity , although sometime a newsweman and talk - show performer . she be poise , attractive , warm , hirp . she be come out of a office . she cross through the newsroom with its teletype and general sense of activity . a cameraman come up to she : cameraman you ready , Liz ? eliza $ ete for i fteen minute . out in front . we follow she out of the newsroom , dawn a hallway and around a corner and in through a. door rrar!ce , " projec - tion room one " . = T. projection room one Elizabeth come into the projection room , pause in the doorway as she eye adjust to the change in light . a? m ot R angle we see that tony , in miform , be the only otter person in the projection ' roem . tony take out a cigarette lighter . tony here . as tony flick the lighter on : eltzaaet thank you . tony my name 's Adams . tony Adams . ( then ) Z know who you be miss dunne . as Elizabeth find a seat , we see that what be be run i.n this projection room be a interview ime-troreen Elizabeth and a large , attractive , latin-american political leader name arnando . ? tidal . they sit to - get er at the -- col area of a lur .. be be hotel . tidal wear a fatigue uni.fc= without any insignia whatsoever - the image of Elizabeth a screen be save - ( continued ) C 25 . 0 contnued : elizabeth' vcic senor presidente , there be still that who say that in spite of the advance you have make , you country still fall short of the Democratic ideal --- vidal obviously . however , the convulsion that my countz go through four year ago last February be not so much a revolution as they be a -- ( pause ) I be think of the labor of I herculi.o --- in the stable elizabeth' vozc a cleanse . S vidal exactly . muchas gracias . my country be befoul by the corruption of its leader and they exploitation at the people . a hard cleanse be need and sometimes that be painful -- but the pain be over and now Z be 0 hope . that qty little cc=try and you great yaticn can once again be friend ---- elizabeth' voice I be sure a lot of pecple say amen to that , senor presidente . on the screen the scene have shift to a attractive beach area where vidal , in a wet suit , be adjust he ' -scuba gear preparitory to diving . admire child -- red and Elizabeth Ann . duane watch . over this : J elizabeth' voice for a glimpse of another facet of armando vidal 's nat•.ire , we spend the last day at the beach at finca del sol where El presidente exhibit he skill as a scuba diver -- one of he favorite hobby . on the screen vidal -- ousel a kid ' 's ha ..- and cross into the water . as he wade out , tony turn to Elizabeth . ( C cnt=il ec ; T 25 . contzlvtied : tony when will this be show ? elizabeth sometime in the fall . while Elizabeth , in the projection room , be say this . she image on the screen have turn to the t4 camera and be say : elizabetb' voice this be Elizabeth Ann dunne come to you from finca del sol where -- in a exclusive interview -- El president , armando vidal , have just extend the hand of friendship from quote , 'his little country to we great Nation . ' I anotesr angle the reel be over . the screen go blank and the light in the projection room go on . eliza .bet ? I 40 what be it that you be work on ? 16 some sort of 'a psychological pro- file on vidal for the navy depart - ment ? tony right . there 's a couple of que - tion I want to ask you , if that 's okay . ( then ) what be you do about lunch ? elizabeth I ignore it . I have get to pick up some shot around town , but you be welcome to come along . they be at the projection : room door . as tony cpen it for she she cause , then : elizabet3 you ever play any baseball , : lister Adams ? tony sow do you guess h.at ? I I 26-a. ccnttx= : elizabeth I see you pitch a no-hitter against Army two year ago . tony you be kid . TI ' za3eth L do not kid about no hitter .. Elizabeth exit . tony follow . we --- cii :' to : ex ' T. mc= ve nqn - day as a troup of Boy scout go past we and clear the visitor 's Gate , expose the bowl green , the court - yard and far down , frame by giant black oak and maple tree , we see the ` mansion with its pure line and simple elegance - tony and Elizabeth appear. , follow by the cameraman and one or t'c more . as tony and Elizabeth cross into the beautifully keep grounds of the old Plantation ---- tony none of my business , but what be you . do at a Army - navy ball . game ? elizabeth we be put together a special on arne grundellius . he would just be appoint Secretary of State . ee throw the first ball that day . tony you have get a pretty good memory . elizabeth and you . have get a pretty good slider . but L have get to be honest , you throw a lot of junk in the last two inning . as tony shoot she a look : . elizabeth my old man be on the spar rs ' desk of the Boston Globe for wwent ; r- five ( contmm - S -0 I continue : elizabeth ( cent ' d ) year . Z be practically raise at fenwick Park in the Carl yastremski day - as Elizabeth cross and start work out a shot with the cameraman , tony be eying she speculatively . CUT to : ext . tee crypt of GEORGE WASHINGTON - day we be at . the littleopen - fronted white marble burial vault of George Washington . . we pull back to include tony as he look at the sarcophagus . elizabet3 voice tony ? we be finish ---- as tony turn , we pull back and pan to include eliza - beth , who stand in the little leafy path lead from the vault . as tony cross and ; tin she , we CUT to : 0 T. space and FL gf ' m set m - day we be on the balcony as Elizabeth set up a shot frog : the wright brother 's " Flyer " pan to " the. Spirit of St. Louis " , and then to one of the Space capsule . tony be watch Elizabeth . she look over , catch he eye , smile . CUT to : ext . georgetown - niget as tony and Elizabeth approach she apartment on a quiet , georgetown side street . the cold , faintly blue light of the- street lamp at the corner throw leaf shadow on they face as they come up to the front door .. closer --- at tee door she open the door , step to one side and gesture he in . mzza3ete one do iak , ckayr ? 26-c. int . elizabeth' apartment - night we be close on a picture of Elizabeth and arne grundellius , the Secretary of state , whom we might remember by sight as the speaker at tony 's gradu - ation . the picture be in . €orral , take at a open - ing night at Kennedy Center . we pull back to include tony , lock at the picture as Elizabeth come up with a couple of drink . tony you and Grundeilias ? ez , I za.3e '_ 'e at Kennedy Center . tony ee really get around . elizabeth well , he get around nee anyway . tony oap . elizabe '- " 3 no ha= , no foul . ( then ) be be not fight he off very hard . another angle as Elizabeth pick up another picture , this one a frame studio portrait , inscribe , of the Secretary . as she lock at it : eliza3ete we have quite a little thing go .for a while . I think he ac tuually give up two starlettes and a bare - back rider -- temporarily . tony you stir see hom ? EI , iz . abete once in a while . ( then laughsy Said she ?ri.s4f?i? respect I 26-d. contidi = : tony Z be just go . elizabeth do not mind I . I be just you basic Boston irish . we bruise easily and heal slowly . CD to : ext . elizabeth' front door - night as tony cone out . Elizabeth stand in the doorway . elizabeth call. I . tony ( nods ) goodnight . tony go down the street . she watch after he as we -' CUT to : rxt the battery ( new york CITY ) - night a limousine come down past the battery Park and move toward the staten Island ferry Building . it be about ten o'clock at night . I int . the l=!ousine - night frankie rizzi , about 30 , be drive . frankie be the son of connie corleone and Carlo rizzi . in the back - seat be Al neri . frankie look off toward the river . we can see . the ferry come in . 1 frankii here it come now . another angle as the fear come up . nose into the slip . creak of piling . the limousine drive onto the ferry . I 27 . iyt . : he ls. ' custne - night frankie be listen to the baseball score . neri be nervously check he watch . a few passenger be board . there be no other car . another anc le salf a dozen loose , Puerto rican kid come bop up the automobile deck . one be listen to a radio that he hold to he ear . he cross up to frankie . puerto rican rid hey mister , you get a cigarette ? pranrie I do n'- .t ; smcke . puerto rican rid you get a dollar ? franrzir beat it . another angt . E I as neri , who have not be pay attention to the kid , now look up in annoyance . neri give he a _-- suddenly veri break cg ! , sense something wrong . the other Puerto rican be surround the limousine . as neri dive for the door of the car --- ; n1eri look out : another angle gun have appear in the hand of the Puerto rican and they start to blast at the limousine from outside . the ferry whistle be blow . mwtt anglz neri :it the deck , a ! 4 to , cone t _t° ? -- --u n :t a - blast :.:. ct. 28 . another angle one of the Puerto rican kid be hit squarely in the chest . he fly back , azm up , leg sz readea_g I d , like he be hit in the chest with a baseball bat . on franrse prankie be out of the car , reach for he gun . before he can get it clear , he be hit in the shoulder and spun to the splintery , oily deck . another angze as a Puerto rican go to finish off frankie , Al neri blow he away . reverse Z. as two other Puerto rican blast neri simultaneously . neri 's eye go wide . he cough . : a big , stringy sob of blood appear in he mouth , vomit out onto he shirtfront . on neri he go down to he knee , try to raise he grin for one last shot . a Puerto rican grin and put he gun . a inch from neri 's face , pull thetrigger . ancteer angle people be scream , run . the 'ferry be start to pull from the dock . the four remain Puerto rican run for the end of the boat , make the Leap over the churn water from the ferry to the landing . full shot - fmm lancing the ferry boat be still pull away as the `our Puerto rican land on t h - e he pier and disappear into the night . the ferry boat 's whistle be blow shrilly . off its starboard bow we can see the statue c- leber _r . over this we hear --- - p?3t__ ' -. ST ' S ` joic I be the ? aa^tt , -cc±±^ ; +n and the respect - ' 1 and he teat believeth in I , al - though he be dead , shall live --- E DI sso ?.. ie to : 29 . ext . italian -cat3clic gravey-xi ii ( long isla ` 7d ) -- day - - we be on the ornate tombstone of Don vito carlecne - , the godfather . we be pull back from it as pr2est ( continuing ) and ' everyone that liveth and be - lieveth in pie shall not die forever . we have pull back to include the buria . L service for neri . at the graveside be tony , in dress blue , hagen , rocco lampone and other . another angle the service finish and the group break into smaller informal , grouping . we move to Tom hagen and tony , who have drift to one side . a noth. er angle as hagen indicate a moon - face man , imberto croce , about sixty , who be approach they . hagen umberto croce out of tama . he take over the whole Florida thing after hyman roth and johnny ola be retire . cmberto have come up . hagz " N cmberto . Michael 's son . Anthony . crocz youi father must be proud . ( then ) what do you think , Tom ? they be say it be maatrocina . 3agen make a little gesture , reminiscent of the god- father ; a kind of upward open of the hand , as if gently let a tiny bird free . anotee . angle as Frank ,e R .zzi. he a in a sliaq , and sant .._^.c cor ' eone ? cnay ` 's oldest son , rcw be awd . e W -i-r- tie , = cme um together : ( cunt : nt7zd ) - 41 30 . contnm : bagzn say hello to you cousin , ir rankie rizzi - you aunt connie 's by -- and this - be santino , you uncle sonny 's oldest . as tony shake hand with santino and ? rinkie : prankie ( to tonv ) Excuse my leave hand . santino frankie be in that little shit storm on the ferry boat . croce the whole thing do not make sense to I . franxie all Z know be Al get a phone call from that , nephew of he , Tommy , who run number in staten Island . santino Fucking punk . frahrie it be something about Al 's sister be sick bad with the ptomaine or I something . we walk right into it . crocz what about Tommy ? franxiz the nephew ? nobody see he since . santino ask I he 's out in the narrow with about eight slot machine tie around he neck . another angle as rocco lamm pone come up , clearly agitate : laaone how do you like the ally oaf that bastard ? snow up here . I ( contiee 31 . contiiued : santi - 1141o maatr-ocina ? lamp one if you old man be alive , that son of a bitch would be eat he dinner in hell tonight . rage be patient , rocco , and trust I . ( smile off ) Sam . anotser anglz as Sam maat :ocina come up , he expression suitably somber . maatroclma tom. e'ellas . go figure life , huh ?. a guy like Al neri . who would of fig - c a red he to get mousetrap like that ? maatrocima be shaking hand with hagen , . rocco and 0 frankie . as he do so : eagfn ( indicate ) Mike 's son , Anthony . Sam maatrocina . maatrocina hold out he hand to tony . tony just look at he coldly for a insulting split second . maatro - cina 's expression do not change , and the outstretch hand move to squeeze tony 's bicep . now he show he tooth in a grin maatrocina the arm on the guy . ( then ) if you ever need a job come see I . w!aatrocina it ns and move off . tony be look after he . hagen mistake , ' ; .'onv . ? never let a man like that ' mow what you ' :e thiak - .ng . =; T to 11 I 32 . tnt . live room ( con corleone 's house ) - might the member of the corleone family and some of they friend be gather at the godfather 's old house in . the mall . the tenor of the group be subdued , although the tension of the day be beginning to ease . we pick up fraakie who be guide tony through the room . PA N = santino always like the old place . he pick it up after pentangeli knock himself off . another angle . as they pass umberto croce who be come out of the diming room where a buffet have be set up . croce have a heaping plate of , food . he pause , shaking he head . C :toce sad day , sad day . as croce move on , shaking he head , _rankie lock after he . be fravrie dania near ruin he appetite . ( then ) good man though . from the old day before the spic and all . tony how strong be the corleone family connect in Latin America ? frankte we get some people doom there use to work for we in the hotel . now they do odd job . help with the airline . like that . tony tell I about the airline . it 's what you call non-scheduled . you ' now ? ( then ) lf we ever go out of business , hal the rock group i -he ccunt - = be J 40 ( ccnt " + D ) S 33. ccntinlted : ? R a N = ( cont would ) be stand around with empty spoon stick up they nose . as sonny 's daughter , francesca , come by talk with she twin sister , Barbara , who be now a nun . they be now about forty . franzie hey , francesca . Barbara . ( to tony ) you remember the twin . as the woman greet tony , old mister nazorine , the baker , come by . franbie and here ' 's mister nazori.ne -- still make the best tarelle in town . as tony be greeting the old man : francesca tony , tony . I remember the day you . be bear . a blizzard . and grandpa and tessin and clemenza be sit out in the backyard in the snow with a five gallon jug of grappa , celebrate . barbara ( laugh ) and grandma be out there yell , disgrazia .. infamita ! you could hear she clear to Freeport . F ranxiz ( tug tony off ) later , huh ? M. don corleone's office - night gather in Don corleone 's old cotter office be santino , Tom hagen , rocco lampone and umberto croce . tony and frankie enter . BEN cz.ose the door , please , ? rankie and make yourself comfor able . ( then ) first , tony , t!lank you for want c. we all aroreciate be . ( C ont11 -n ed ) a L 34 . continued : tony nod . all be seating themselves as : hagen ( to tony ) would you care for a little wine ? a little anisette ? no ? all right . ( then ) I have invite L berto croce to sit in with we - because of he strong connection in Latin America and in the exile comarunity down in Florida -- and because he 's a trust and value friend of the corl eone family . ( then ) and now , , if you friend in langley have decide that you be not a Russian spy , perhaps you can tell as the nature of the service they would like we to perform . tony it 's a political assassination . the target be asmanda vidal . 0 a , nq1'8er angle santino , whose attitude have be somewhat sardonic throughout , now break out in a bray of laughter . tony turn on he cousin , then coldly and quietly : tony if it 's too much for you , just say so . m can break this off right now --- santino , take aback at the cold authority in tony 's manner , turn for support . santino what do I say , for God sake . ( to tony ) whaddya so touchy ? E AG I when be this plan for ? tony . next February . ?!e ' 's have a week - long celebration of the fif_'h . no ?.zr - ersar , 7 of the Revolution . ( then ) we be plan i t to ? cok like a 40 accident -- or natural cause . ( cjn'rinuzd ) 35 . ccnti i ed sa. nttzyo that 's a hell of a trick if you can do it . tony we technical service division be experiment in two area . one be a scuba : diving wet suit design to malfunction at a critical depth . the other be a toxic biological material -»- a strain of botulism that 's tasteless , colorless and odorless -- and so lethal that one drop on he food or a he toothbrush would be fatal inside of a hour . croce that would mean get somebody close to he . rag 'n could that be do ? croce t think so . eagen ( to tony ) and what 's you part in all this ? tow , tome the cut-out . the circuit breaker . bagzn the only link between we people and the government ' tony that 's right . ( then ) there 's a second phase to this operation . it consist a spread - ing confusion -- plant explos - ive -- the Police barrack -- the Central . power Station -- so on . which will hopefully trigger a uprising of the anti - vi " 'aiista force . onti tcz - 36 . con'rl '?? iued : santino I think this bastard want a hit --?- .( then ) they be lock for World War Three . hagen ( to lampone ) what do you think , rocco ? anotzr ay ( = as rocco lempone -- who walk with a limp as a souvenir of he service in World War two -- think about it , then : lampone you be start to talk about a pretty big operation . you be go to need a assault team -- maybe two . small arm . ammo . Hand grenade . field radio . a support network down there . you will have to have transportation . stag - ing area . 0 tony the supplies can be make available . lamfone how about get they down there ? frias=_ no problem . we can carry eight ton a trip in the DC six . hagen ( to umberto ) what do you think , umberto ? can you get you hand on a few anti- vidalista who would not mind go doom there and raise a little hell ? umberto I will talk to . Doctor earcenas , santio and we will all end :zn. faith cu= ball - in the g='av . F i.r a , n&amp ; you be cetti g old , santi no . ( C " . ntinl= ) 37 . contlviied san 'tino I be still young enough to whip you ass . as x'rankie start to rise , hagen put a stop to any further discussion . hagr " ` N all-right . that 's it . ( then ) we all agree -- except santino -- that what tony propose be possible although not . easy . ( then ) of course , financial arrangement will have to be work out -- tony there 's no problem there . every - thing will be handle through I and in cash . hagzn you can tell you friend that they have a deal . tony . good . sage tell they this too --- what the corleone family want for its part in this operation be the uncondi- tional pardon of Danny devito . and that will have to come first . tony I do not know if they will accept that . rage it 's a non-negotiable condition . ( thhen ) we will start get thing line up , but we will not move until Danny walk out of Leavenworth . anot z-r ngll sant -4 -0 -a aagen : sr '? , n't'i o you really devito ? ( con ' " inced ) I 38 . 11 coniinem hagen why not ? santino that would have to come right from the White souse . ra.gzn where do you suppose the hit order come frog ? CDT to : ext . camp peary , virginia - day Camp peary be the clandestine training facility of the CIA , under military cover . it be near Williams - burg , Virginia , a couple of hour drive from . Washington . .cwa by the official cryptonym " isolation " it be un - officially call the farla " - the enormous , thickly - wood area be divide intern - ally into tightly control training area . a high chaintlink . _fence top with barb wire surround the base . Signs a it read : " U.S. gove . snment reser - vation . no trespassing . " we be presently on such a sign . we hold for a moment as we hear ---- instructor's voice a doomsday car be a vehicle which be load with a high explosive , such as gelignite , and leave in a area where it will do the most dam - age when detonate -- ext . training aea ( camp p_.ary ) - day . we be on the instructor , a lean , mean - lack a=y sergeant be impeccable fatigue . his manner of speech be Southern . instructor do I read disapproval on you face , mister Adams ? as notr no -- ~' ..ncludina the tra :..'aing class . thirty or fort . , man 4 = army fatigue . score be dark man , mustachice . , pass E :t iler Saudis cr Iranians . amcnq t!? iese we finch tony . ( C o N T I N U ed ) 39 . ccnt nued : although he do not answer the instructor , we can read something less than total approval on he face . instauc 'r'or in view of the fact that we be get we butt kick rosey all over the world , it might behoove we to take a lesson from the ira and the plo . ( then ) now , the first thing that boy ' l 1 do when they aim to spread a little unhappiness in the rank of the righteous , be steal a motor vehicle -- ( then ) you know how to steal a motor vehicle , mister Adams ? tony no I do not . " = 4strlictor by the time you leave Camp perry , you ' 11 be a expert . the sergeant turn to the other . instructor ( continuing ) all right , gentleman , this be a remote control detonator .. .on safe . be hold up a detonator in . he hand , then point off .: instructor and that yonder be a doomsday ca_r . another ana include a old car set in a valley some two hundred yard away . the instructor take the detonator off safe and as he activate the charge in the doomsday car , we zoom in . the explosion fill the screen as the doomsday car be blow to hell . jisscl 'je .c : " not . ct ... assrcom T ( camp ? mary ) - dxz we be ..: a cl assrc om in wooden a-- =v ar-rack _ the teacher " , a : va .- coxxna , de : , 's ? °_c t ing . - he= e be E ( continued ) 40 . cont iued : chalk of ptogram on the blackboard behind he . they be variously , odyokc , ' odacid , od mm . aelau , , aejammer , aebroom . tt3dov , =esr , .kucage . commander the cryptonym be a name use in place of the true name . in the company , crtonym consist of two letter that determine the general category follow by a word -- the United States govern - ment be designate by the letter " o " and " D " , and the word " yoke " . ( point ) o- D - yoke . the Department of State , o -Z-acid . student what 's that last one ? instructor 0 - 0 - - envy ? ( grins ) that 's the FBI . as the group of trainee laugh , we CUT to : ext . A. canyon road ( C + '4p pay ) - day up 'a dirt road , between the tree , come a platoon of trainee , in jungle gear wet with sweat , double-tizsing as they chant : platoon Hut two three four -- reep-by-ya-lo ' beep-by-ya-lo - lo-right -lo -- we move into the platoon , pick out tony as he run , not cocnti.nq . the drill instructor run up alongside of tony . instructor you be not sing , mister Adams . be not you harpy be we little croup ? as tonv lock over at the : - acing drill inst ? ?c cor , h t en start chant a h --he zest c:it to : 41 . ext . pistol range ( camp pear21 - day tony be at the pistol range , fire . as he finish up the clip and draw the target back to he on a pully device , the pistol instructor come up and in - spect the target with the bullseye chew out . pistol instructor good. shoot . you do a lot of hunt ? tony no . pistol instructor mast run be the family , then . tony you might be right . CUT to : int .. locx p icritg CLASS ( camp peary ) - day there be diagram on the blackboard . tumbler , lock , key . there be big , half - section of lock . half a dozen . member of the class , include tony , be work with pick a lock . as the teacher help tony . teacher on the ordinary pin tumbler cylin - der lock , the spring actuate driver be partly in the shell and partly in the plug . the. trick be to lift they up so the plug can turn freely -- ( then ) that 's right . the lock have open . teacher once you have get the lock pick and the door open the best thing be to tape the bolt mechanism back so you will not have to keep pick the lock - as the teacher instrruct the class - a la watergate break-inn -- how to tace back the bolt mechanism , we CUT to : L 42 . ext . T : aiming area ( camp peary ) day we be on the drill instructor who brandish a Marine Corps knife , six - inch blade , brass knuckle incorporate into the handle . instructor this object be a United States Marine Corps kill knife . i.. will now demonstrate that it be not worth doodley shit if you do not know how - to use it . ana angle as the instructor look around the circle of Officer trainees and from they choose tony . instructor you .. you would like to kill I , would not you , Sir ? well , here 's you chance . the instructor toss tony the knife . tony catch it . as they circle , . the instructor taunt tony . instructor come on . come on . make a move , Sir . be you fall in love with I ? then do something hostile . make a face . stick out you tongue . do something , mister Adams . tony swing the knife . the instructor avoid he . instructor my little bitty sister can make a better move than that , six . another angle the instructor offer a tempting target . tony swing . the instructor slap he cap across tony 's face , grab tony 's wrist and disarm he , throw he to the ground . another angle - on tony the instructor turn he back on tony , deliherately . tony get to he foot and charge the .nst= , actorl back . ( c^nt ? 2 iued ) I 43. continued the instructor have be wait for this . re flip tony again . - tony lie inert a the ground . the instructor come up , bead to inspect tony . as he do so : - instructor all right , sir. you --- re break off as . tony have drive a upper cut into the instructor 's ball . the instructor grab he groin and go down in a heap . another angle tony roll to he foot , grab up the kill knife and press it to the instrutor 's throat . tony all right you , son of a bitch , tell I about it .. the instructor be look at tony . suddenly he grin ; instructor you be get there , mister Adams . anot3er angle tony look at the knife in he hand , then toss it away and start off . at this point a jeep come bounce over the hill and skid to a breadside stop .. we see that paj.ateer be at the wheel . palha2'e.= ( to tony ) jump in . tony be in the jeep . as palmateer gun out , trail a plume of dust , we ---? CUT to : tnt . recreation room - camp peawm - day palnateer be watch the recreation room television set on which there be a newscast of the ze ease of Danny devito frc n leaveizwcrth .. m zued ) 44 . continued : Danny , almost as wide as he be tali. , he broad pug - natious face wreathe in a grin , cama cut of the prison gate , he hand hold up in the " Victory " sign . he push he way through the Television cameramen and newsmen , not say anything . we pan he over to a limousine which he get into quickly . the limousine drive off . newscaster's voice today in Leavenworth , Kansas , one -- time International Brotherhood of dockworker ' President , Danny devito i be . release . on pardon after serve six and . a half year of a fifteen year sentence a embezzlement and conspiracy charge . devito do not state he future plan , but insider expect he to challenge the incum - bent President , Pat brady , in the up - come election . another angle as tony come into the room , palmateer give he a pen and a couple of piece of paper . I pal.mateer a couple of thing for you to sign 6 before you go operational . this be for you piece -- ( second paper ) and this be you resignation . it 's a technicality , but in case the shit ever really hit the fan , we would have p to disclaim you . ( grins ) it 's call the principal of plaus - ible denial . we never invoke it until the cock crow thrice . as tony be signing the papers , palmateer have produce a service automatic from a canvas carry i + :g case . he put it on the table before tony --- e=. a be zngtcn D.C. suzzz G - day as tony , dress in he blue , come out of a build - ing . he carry a briefcase . cressinq to ie . curb gae stexas and look up the 's ?_. eet 45 . another arglz as a large car pull up and stop in front of tony , he open the door and get into the backseat . we now might be able to see that f'rankie be drive . with he in the front seat be santino . in the back - seat be umberto croce . int ' . the L sous tne - day as tony get in and sit next to croce . General greeting , then tony give the briefcase to croce . franrie ' where to ? tony take a right on sixteenth Street . ano angle as croce set the briefcase on he lap , tony reach into he pocket and give he the key . now croce carefully unlock the briefcase . as this be go on : tony how 's . you progress ? croce Doctor barcenas be get a assa , ilt team together . tony ' barcenas ? croce T a leader in the exile community . 0 one of the early revolutionary . break with vidal when El presidente go marxist and abbrogate the constitution . he think we be a group of business man back he to get we hotel and casino back . croce have get the briefcase open . it be full of cash . tony point ahead . tony . let use of - 12 at the next corner . I 46/48. inse . BT - the briefcase as croce pick up a packet of hundred cut of the suitcase , riffle it : tony's voice it 's all there . hack to scene as santino grin : sant=o straight frcm the East Coast distributor . tony look over at croce : crocz we be in business . tony i' I L see you in Florida .. ext . WASHINGTON STREET - day 0 as tony get out of the limousine and cross to a phone booth . we be move in as he put a. dime into the slot . and dial . tony hiss duane , please . CUT to : = T. lobby ( ennedy CENTER ) - night we be shoot past the big , nubby sculpture head of sohn Kennedy which identify , but in no way dominate the long , high handsome lobby with its crimson carpet . the Opera be break for intermission and the audience be move toward the bar and the terrace . we move to the bar where , in the crush , we find tony . as everybody seem to be order at once --- tony . i scotch -rock , here . two . aadame , I believe that be ( then ) scotch -rock . sere . two . ( coditinued ) 49 . continued tony turn to watch a woman move off with two drink - that be clearly he . ' now , a. braid Admiral usurp tony 's place . tony I believe I be next , sir. the Admiral throw a look in tony 's direction , then pay for the bourbon and coke and exit . tony scotch-rock . here . two .. ext ? tee terrace ( iynel 'y cent ~ 'r ) - nzget on the broad , impressive terrace , overlook the curve of the river - as it mirror the light of Washington , we find Elizabeth , dress for evening . she be surround by three urbane man , Morton , she Television producer , swartzwalder , a jurist and mckissick , a young Senator . mckissick be lighting Elizabeth 's cigarette as tony come up with the two drink . tony finally . elizabeth thank God for ' the navy . as she take she drink : elizabeth mister Adams , _ I would like you to meet judge swartzwalder -- Senator mcxissick and Jack Morton from wham all blessing flow --- morton as long as the rating hold up . as tony be shaking hand around with the judge , mckissick turn to Elizabeth : mc eissick Burning the midnight oil at State ? elizabeth ( smile ) I would not know , s°qve break off relation with the State decar .. go . I 50 . another angle tony have hear this last . swartzwalder you station in Washington ? tony on temporary assignment . elizabeth he 's do a background on azmando vidal . mc rissic a fine. man . and thank God we be back on speak term -- or be we ? morton if you do n ' t know , who ? a buzzer sound from inside . Elizabeth hand tony she glass . elizabeth would you be a angel and tony take the glass from she , cross and put it on a nearby bench . as he do so , Elizabeth be look - ing after he , as to the other : elizabeth I have always have a =ad thing for sailor - they have get such neat little ass . as tony return and escort she back into the theater : cg " , to : ext . R " " ? my ce :ttm.. , q driveway - nzght we be on the line of car come up to pick op they passenger outside the eall of States . mi..ch honk of eioras , so on . on tonii and elizabeth as they stand among the azagn= _coe , 1 oaki i for a tax :.. Elizabeth spat -ne f_--st . ( con°^z `i?d ? 7 51 . contmm= elizaset : there's one tony hurry for the taxicab . anotseb angle as. a airforce General intercept the cab . general believe this be mine . .on elizabete as she watch tony get outranke for he cab , then she spot another . elizabeth for for ere come another . another angt . E as . tony hurry for the. next cab , only to get beat cut by a. State Department type with two oil sheik in tow . state depart .' mit type you be next , ensign . tony turn , signal : to Elizabeth to wait , then exit . close - elizabete as she look after he . , puzzle . mt . . pare ing area - night as tony move into . the eennedy Center parking area , look around . on elzzabet : E she be pace . she stop , look at she watch , then turn at a insistent bbonk from -.edam : veway . we pull back and pan to include tony 's it ti_ng in a big , beautiful , official - look sedan . ae lean across and open the front door . she cross and get in . 52/53. on hall of states doorway ( ba " ? ° CENTER ) - night as a Admiral and he wife come out toward the drive - way with they guest . all be chuckle merrily at '' something the old sea dog have say . now he wife 's expression alter as she look of . admiral ' S wife Charles : be not that we car ? he look off . his expression change . he start to run .. another anglez=n=y '' CENTER driveway as tony drive off , the Admiral run vainly after he car , wave he hand .. admiral stop : stop ! int . the admi - ral' car_ - night Elizabeth have be look back . now she regards tony with . new and approve eye .. elizabeth you have interesting talent , mister Adams .. tony you will be astonished . elizabeth i I be look forward to it . CUT to : int . elizabeth ' S bedroom - night tony and Elizabeth be in bed together make love . anoteer angle feature Elizabeth as elizabeth now. now . yes. now = 14 . to : y 54 . int . bedroom ( elizabeth be apt . ) - night tony and Elizabeth be sit up in bed . tony be lighting she cigarette . suddenly he pause . elizabete what 's wrong ? tony shh . L E izab£te what 's the ?.».. she break off because tony have put he hand over she mouth . her eye blaze as she reach for he wrist . tony - noise in the live - room . ( then ) there it be again . this time we too have hear something . he uncover she mouth . elizabeth there 's a window in the front room . it rattles . tony I do not know . elizasetb well , I do . another angle as Elizabeth swing out of bed , naked , crossing out of the bedroom and into the hall . int . eallway ( elizasets ' S apt . ) - night we move with Elizabeth as she go down the hallway . sst . live room ( ezizabe : 'b ' S apt . ) - " r-get as Elizabeth come into the darken ? :. ring room , suddenly a man from out of " - , - .e shadow , clamp one hand over she .mouth and with the other hand he hold a : cr ? a to she .mroa to 0 I 55 . another angle as a. second man appear . this one have a gun . the first man turn to he , speak in a whisper . first maim bring he down here . the- second . max. nod . we follow he as very softly he go down the hallway . p close - the second man as he pause . outside the bedroom door which be half p ajar . now suddenly he move --- idi 'i :. bedrcom - night 0 we be angle on the hall . door as , in a single move the second man kick the door open and flick the bedroom light on . he have he gun point at the bed . we whip pan to the bed .. it 's empty . close : - the second man as for a freeze moment. , surprise and consternation 0 show a he face . at this point : tony ( very softly ) do not make a noise . just stand where you be or I will kill you . we have pull back and pan slightly to include tony who be sit on the. floor , he back against the wall . I the gun in . he hand be , train on the man who have just - come in . another angle as : the second man stand motionless , tony be on . he foot and up to he . tony take the qua from he and toss it a the bed gesture , forefinger to lip , be quiet . now , tony turn to the man and . start down the hall with he . tony have he by the back of the jacket , he tun press against the back of the second man 's head . I 56 . int . liv - mig room ( Z lizabeth ' S apt .) - night as tony enter with he prisoner , the first man - the one with the knife -- still have he weapon press into Elizabeth 's throat . he be look the other way , but turn as : _ tony's voice turn very easy . the first man turn , see tony and the other man . tony S have get a. gun at you partner 's head . there be 'a beat , then : first man Drop the gun or I slit she throat . tony you drop the knife . first man do not you think I will kill she ? 0 tony Z do not give a shit if you kill she . i_ say crop the knife . anotrer angle . as the second man -- overconfident at find hi=self still alive -- speak to he partner . second man cut she a little bit to convince this asshcle . open up she throat . suddenly the second man 's knee buckle as . tony , in a lightning move , bring the gun barrel down across the man 's head . as the second man be on he hand and knee , Zi.?ce a stunne ox , drip blood on the carpet , tony tun once more to the a with the knife . tony I be go to give you one more chance . trot the k:i-`f : a and !'i -- l let you go . - T 57 . continted : - first man ( laugh ) 7 . 111 cut she fuck head off , first . anotser angle as the second man , still on he hand and knee , now push himself up to a kneel position . second man show he a little blood . as the man with the- knife nod grimly , tony put he gun to the back of the kneel man 's head and calmly pull the trigger . anotber angle the. kneel man plunge for + qard , dead , the back of - he head blow off .. tony now turn , without emotion , to the man with the knife . tony that 's what you be go to look like in two second if you harm that girl .. anotrer angle as the first man drop he knife and release Elizabeth , she be lock at tony , stunne , she aplomb totally vanish . tony go get dress and call the Police . Elizabeth nod and half - stumble out of the room . tony cross to the man. ( contij ued ) I I 58 . ( coditint1ei1 ) first xux when the cop come , you be go to be up on a murder rap , baby . tony no , I be not . tony lift the gun and blast the first man three time in the chest . another angle as Elizabeth burst bac k into the room , look , then start to scream . tony cross up and take she in he arm , softly comfort she . tony it 's all right .. he try to get my gum away and I have to shoot he . as. tony , still comforting she , move she away , we -- dissolve tot ext . everglade BAY - day we be in a swampy backwater on the West Coast of Florida , south at Fort meyer . hacked out of the everglade be a clear on which a tourist acccmmo- dation have be build . it be call tarpon Lodge and sign announce " cold beer " , " Boat rental " and " Tourist accoammdation " . there be a small pier . another angle _ as a small , commercial fishing boat come chugge up the bayou and blow its whistle . closer - the fish=tg 3o as a Latin american , Roberto barcenas , about 3s , come out to the bow of the boat , lock off toward the tourist cabin . roberta be a capable , cool , izstelligent man . e&lt ; 'ct . t9y T rpon : iodgz - day as umberto croce , dress in white and weariri a straw hat against the sun , . ccme out or she ramshackle lodge and move to the of 0 59 a the pier crewmen of the fishing boat be tie up as Roberto barcenas come down onto the pier follow by half a dozen other . they be radio , borracho , padre pepe , ' El fararon , arrigo and Roberto 's young brother , jorge . croce and Roberto embrace , then : croce this way . mn. as airstrip - day a rough airstrip have be bulldoze out of the scrib pine and palmetto forest . at one end be a hanger and on its side the word : inter -car ean cbamter . as croce and the Latin Americans come up : croce . tony : 1 0 another angle 1 Inside - the hanger we see a D.C. six . tony come out clean cosmolene off he hand with a rag . croce tony , I ' d : like you to meet Doctor barcenas . tony I be pleased to meet you , Doctor . they shake hand , then : . roberrto permit I to present my companion -- indio , borracho , padre pepe , El fararon , arrigo and my brother , jorge . the member of the assault team -- the indian , the drunk , the Priest , the pharoah , arrigo who look like a pimp , and the romantic , fire - eat young brother -- be introduce to tony individually . xd lib greeting , then to barcenas : tony be you read -!? ( ccinntinued 11 60 - cont=t Z : roberto for many year . as they move into the hanger : roberto Z understand from senor croca that the idea with the diving suit do not work out . I tony there be a few problem . roberto but the other be . fine ? tony yes. , ( then ) D you have be in . touch with you underground ? roberto ( nods ) everything be arrange . int the ea2 gar - day at one side of the hangar we see crate of various weapon . box of hand grenade , mortar and mortar shell . sub-machine gun cake in cosmolene , law rocket , field radio . so on . as tony and Roberto come in , follow by the other : tony we get you bar and carbine plus ten , thirty calibre light machine gun , and ten , four-point t of inch mortar with a thousand round of high explosive and a thousand , round of white phosphorous . tony be point out the various box and crate : jorge what about sub-machine gun ? tony - thirty or ; they . tarty - five calibre nine millimeter . with ten thousand round . ( po.int over there . ( contt -.?_-d ) 61 . cont=tisw as jorge cross . over to the box of weapon , pick one up in he . hand : jorge ten thousand round ! aye de mis ! anoteer angle as . tony pick up and hand Roberto a long , olive green plastic tube . tony we also get you two hundred sixty - six , millimeter , m-72 law rocket . they be lightweight , one - shot dis - posable bazookas . ( then ) there be also field gear , medical supplies , tentage , demolition mater - ial , combat ration --- arrigo , the. pimp , come up , take the law rocket from Roberto , then : arrzgo we make a little trouble for E : president , hey ? jorge when do we leave ? tony you , go in tomorrow to get it ready . I will meet you down there at the end of the week . ( then ) who 's you radio man ? pepe t be . tony I will show you the set up . as tony and padre pepe move off together toward . a short wave radio set up in the corner , ae -- CUT to : k 62 . ext . las vega HOTEL ( swt_nzu tg pool area ) - day . we be in a long shot and angle downward on the swim - ming pool . area of the corleone family 's Las Vegas flagship hotel . into the shot , thread they way between the girl in they bathing suit , come Sam xaatrocina and Ralph augusta , walk purposefully . we zoom back --- int . tom hage " N ' S '' ffice ( las vega HOTEL ) - day we be on rocco la=pone , who be stand by the window , look out onto the pool area . as he turn : LA one here they come . we be pull back . also present in the large , attrac - tive office , be Tom hagen , Danny devito and sant no corleone , who be at the bar fix drink . santino half a hour late . devit0 0 I be happy he 's here at all . that mean he 's willing to talk like a reasonable man . l.a one tell a3.. ieri about it . hag= what you have get to understand , rocco , be that what happen to Al be business . what 's do be do . the important thing be to avoid trouble if we can . this be not the old day . the five ' family war be over and do with . lampone maybe that 's too bad . anoteeq angle as santino come over with the drink io ± hagen and devito . as Danny accept he -drink and raise it to hagen : 63. continued : devito to you -- all of you . I will never be able to thank you for what you do . as devito drink , the intercom be buzzing . hagen flick it . secretary's voice mister maatxocina and mister augusto be here , sir. hagen send they in , please . another angle eagen come around he desk to the door to greet maatrocina as he enter , follow closely by the cold -look Ralph augusto . eagen Sam . Z be glad . you could come . Ralph . good to see you . what be you drink ? maatrocina Z'11 take a little bourbon with you . _ on the rock . sagem nod at santino who cross to the bar to make the drink , as hagen turn now to augusto . hagen Ralph ? augcsto nothing . hagen Coke ? augusto nothing . another an= as santin_o be make the drink ; kaat--ocl - za tax . , .-- ns to Danny devito , shaking hand . I .7 64 . continued : maatrcci4 a let. I save we all some time . I know the hagen - corleone family get Danny sprung and I be glad about it --- ( to devito ) from the heart . devii 'o thank you , Sam . I :snow you mean it . maatroci a ( to hagen ) I also know how you swing it -- ( grin , hold up hand ) yeah . that 's right . you be not the only one with a friend or two in . Washington . do not under - estimate I . rag= we never have , Sam . maatrccina one more thing I know -- Danny ' 's ? '' a big hero to the rank - and -file . he will leave Pat brady for dead in this special Election that 's come up . okay ? so that leave one thing to talk about . hagzn how we can all accommodate to this new situation . maatrccina ( grins ) I do not know from accc=cdate -- just so we all get a chance to drink from the well . hag Problem be , for the vast five year the well dry up a we as you might say . it be almost as it Pat brady have scmethin q against we personally . troct a t= , tcm . " cu should have come to I . E ( continczd ) 65 . contzy [ jzd : eagen you do not like to bother you friend about this matter . maatrocina what be friend for ? hagw in any case , the problem be solve be will be soon . tice well be ao longer dry . maatrocina and. everybody get to fill he bucket . that 's as it should be . after we . maatrccina meaning what exactly ? sag= we need a loan of fifty million dollar . that have to be the first order of business --- maatroci a the Atlantic City Hotel ? baby 1 that 's right . I another anglz as maatrocina make flat paddle of he hand and point they inward to he chest as he turn to devito . maatroclva and what be t? a orphan ? I want to get in on Atlantic City , too . dev . ito you have it all you way for the last five year , Sam . let some - body else do business . . aatrocina I get ao cb7ectio:t - , a he do business --- i just want to do business , too . Kay ? what hagen get , :: get . li ( ccnti 'tczd ) 66 . continite devito be you talk about a hundred million dollar ? maatrccina if fifty and fifty still make a hundred , that 's what I be talk about . devito it can not be do . maat ; rccina do n`t you think I know how much money you - have get in that goddamn pension fund ? hagen he 's also get the Department of Labor , a board of trustee and the SEC look down he throat . he can not make that large a commit - ment . devito we` can not put more than twenty - five percent of we asset into real estate --- maatrocina be that what you bring I across the country for ? ' to tell I I be get freeze out ? devito nobody 's freezing anybody . maatrocixa then why do I feel this chilly wind nip at my ass ? devito you should feel the wind in that joint . it be sagen that get I out . ( then ) he come first . you come second . that 's the way it be . maath(3cina how f2 be second ? ( contsnc ?? ) I E y 67 . cqntnmed devi . to youtve gat to . give I a year . maatrcciya we both want tc get into Atlantic City . L can not give they a year 's head . start . anotem angle as De vito look over at Tom eagen . devito Tom ? what if - you people take thirty and Sam take twenty ? sag= T have to have fifty . that be defw I inite .. you know it and agree to it in front . dev2to sc that we can all part friend --- what about forty - ten ? maatrocia I •st. not take any ten . what they get . I get . that be final . devito I all. right , all right . maybe Z can work something out . Z ' 11 try` . maatroc n a try hard . anotser anglz maatrocina glance over at augusta . they rise . eag= thank you for come , Dan haatro - - cina . I be . sure we can find a way to live toget ?.. er in peace . 4 aatrcci a of course , my old friend , : kaatrcc : to ad ? i 's aoodbve a ; ound and and angus lo leave he 49 ( C ci tin - G " ed ) 68 . con'i iniied : hage ?? 1 ( to lampone ) you might have to go one on one with augusto before we be finish . lan one I be count on it . another angle as lampone cross to the window to watch augusto and maatrocina leave through the pool area below , hagen move to Danny devito . hagen I would like to put a couple of people with you , , Danny . devito I do not need you people , Tom . ( then ) Sam and I go back a long way . he know i' U. come up with something for he . santino ( to danny ) why - do not you stick around ? see the show ? maybe the tooth fairy will . stuff one of that long - legge . blond under you pillow . devito I will take a rain check . another angle as devito grin , shake hand around and exit , hagen turn to santino . hagen I want you to fly to Washington tonight . talk to Senator geary . anybody you have to . but find out who ' 's on maatrocina ' 's payroll . ( then ) I do not like he know about tony . uumpcne neither do 1. ( continmed ) I 69 . ccnti2med : santino you think he 's walk into some - thinq down there ? balm that 's what I want you to find out . as santino turn and go , we --- CUT to : exz . latix - american CI " - ''t - night we be as the sky over the bay of armando vidal 's Capitol . it be the fifth anniversary of he revol - ution and a firework display be take place over the bay . Sky rocket be arching upward over the water , explode in cascade of red , green and gold . CUT to : a stet comm - night we be on a impromptu exhibition on a street corner . a big , marvelous look black girl , in almost nothing , circle with a lean latino almost touch but not quite , in a hip grind mambo . E anotser angle as the crowd laugh and cheer they on . a woman aqua ! we move up to a loud speaker attach to a ornate and bunt festoon . lampost . from the speaker we hear : vidal be vol= but make no mistake , any of you -- you of the North american delega - tion in particular . we welcome you to we count=y -- but the day of exploitation be over . CUT " to : int . ball.com - ecte'l oe 3 zvolccicn - night ' ei presi.dente , a.. andc V .dal , be speak to a crowd j?n the Grand 3allrcomm . the usual tel.evisicn camera , so , or_ . 0 T 7q . another angle as the predominantly Latin american crowd cheer , we pick out tony , in civilian clothes , amongst . the ' cheer - ing people . viral the blood of we martyr be still too fresh on we pavement . we will be friend and neighbor , but never again slave to imperialism . 1 a young latino , and we will recognize he as ar=igo , have move to tony 's side . as the cheer have erupt once more , amigo , with 'a brief nod of the head , indic - ate that tony shouldfol : ow he . anot'_r angle as arrigo go , tony look after he briefly , then over to the american delegation include Lucas , the Assistant Secretary of State for Latin american affair ; cariock , the speaker of the House and several prominent liberal Senators include mckissick of Utah and the elegant harthaiemew of Pennsylvania . also in the delegation , in uniform , be stu palmateer . the older man' eye meet with tony 's for a brief moment . he have see the exchange . he watch as tony leave , then look over toward u_agudo , vidal 's I Chief of Police . the harsh , heavy policeman be laugh - 1 ing at something vidal have say , seemingly pay no attention to tony 's exit . int . lobby ect ! L I LA revolution - : tight as tony be crossing the lobby , Elizabeth Ann dunne , follow by 'a small entourage , enter . half a pace behind she be Kenny Morton , she producer and behind they be three man carry portable tv equipment , camera , tripod , battery , so on . she be speak to 8e.ny .. elizabeth with all due respect , that 's bull - shit .. the man 's obviously inccm - petent or the car wcu : d have be waiting exactly she break cf - for . seei not tony . 71 . tony hi. she stop . ee cross up : tony be think you be not come down here . she do not answer . tony be not we speak ? E L iza3et3 i. do not ' know . Elizabeth cross off toward the desk , tony look after she for a moment , puzzle , then cross out . ext . HOTEL do LA revolccion - night as tony come out of the hotel and cross the garden grounds toward the street , we see that a firework display be still in progress . ext . avenida do LA R volucion - night throng of merry -maker be move along the wide , palm - line avenue that follow the curve of the bay . many be in cost=e . some play instrument . other have bongo drum . the atmosphere be frenetic . there be . a pervasive beat . the whole city seem to throb with it . we be on arrigo who stand outside the flaw of traffic , cigarette in he mouth , patting he pocket for a match . tony come - up and light arrigo be cigarette . as he doe so a.rasgo se sure you have you identification . maguda 's pescadore -- you understand ? the Police -- they be out f.sh ..: g tonight . we be on aaather c=oup of G - 4 - be azd : Men i a ? rildly sexual dance . I 72 . contint : we pan off they to arrigo pass . tony follow . we move . in closer to tony . a big , fat mama come out of a doorway , shake everything she have at he . tony grin , pat she on the ass and - pass by ext . earbor area - night we be on the part of the harbor where the big fishing , boat tie up . the sound of the celebration be fainter now , a couple of block distant . we be on a old , but seaworthy fishing boat ; the name on the stern be " stelia . Maria " . amigo come up the pier , pause by the short gangway . anoteer angle I as tony come up and join axr-igo a third man suddenly appear out of the darkness . as he come up to tony , we recognize jorge baxcenas . jorge ( shaking hand ) you bring it ? tony yes . jorge this way . jorge lead they aboard . int . MAIN cabin ( stella mar15 ) - night in the cabin be Roberto barcenas , indio , ? araron , padre pepe'and borracho . there be also a girl , angelica , 25 . she have dark eye and blonde hair . there be some - thing faintly flashy but also enormously sensual about she .. one man be clean a stripped automatic rifle . another be load a banana . clip with 30 calibre bullet . barcenas , the girl and some other be bent over a map on the mess table . all. cook up as tony , jorge and arrigo enter . T _tobertc smile warm - , cane up and embrace tony . ( c'j1 ? I 'r ?`ilt'ed i T - 73. contlium roberto it 's good to see you , my friend . ( then ) all go well ? ton ( nods ) and you ? roberto everything be ready . arm and aumm=ition distribute . now the wait . tony you have set a time ?. rcbeato Day after tomorrow . Seven a.m. ( check watch ) th.zrty - four hour . ( then ) this be aujelica . a great good friend of e1 2residente . she know where he keep he toothbrush - tony good . anjelica you have something for I ? another an= as tony unbutton he shirt and strip off a money belt which he put on the table and open . ' I ie take out some money . tony a hundred thousand peso , cash . Count it , please . as Roberto take up the money and count it . , tony take out a small vial in a plastic container . tony and this . ( then ) it 's tasteless and odorless , but it have a vet - , , ? short period of tox -- ic . Z. ty --- do you understand ? once 's open it must be use within twenty - four hour . ( ccnti uz ) I 74 . cont2nuhd anj ? ica how soon do it work ? tony the symptom be that of botulisat . High fever , nausea , vomit , and death . within a hour . roberto ( to anjelica ) have not you better be get back ? anjelica yes .. another angle as anjelica turn , she coat swing open slightly and we see that she be dress in a costume . -- a typical tropicana showgirl kind of thing . anjelic . ( to tony ) good night . tony thank you . anj % - " lica for nothing . when we meet again thing will be better . jorge be careful of 4agudo 's fisherman . they be out in force tonight . anjelica nod . Roberto hand she the money , then kiss she on . the cheek . 0 roberto vaya can dios , chica . anotsmr alygzz she staff the money in the pocket of the overcoat and exit . Roberto look at a..-. rigo who nod and follow she out . vow Roberto look back at tony . tony have the support omeratic nas be set urz ? E ( ccnt ? iued ) .i 75 . continued : jorge cross to a map on the table . jorge ( point ) sere. here . here . as tony cross and study the map , we cat to : a SMALL CITY park - niget the celebration on vidal 's Capitol be still in progress in this small city park . suddenly , a police truck appear in one of the street , block it , and a fly - ing squad of armed police pile out of the canvas - cover rear and . the sergente blow he whistle . sergente ( in spanish ) identification check . have you card ready . anotter angle -- te crowd we. see a.-rigo and anj el can move through the crowd . they stop , exchange a look and then turn - and move the other . way_ we follow they through the crowd to a small alley . amigo and anjelica and a couple of other , who 1 would apparently just as soon not be stop by the police , move down the alley . int . alley - nigst as anjelica and arrigo move down the alleyway , con - gratulate themselves on they escape from magudo 's I man , suddenly three policeman materialize out of the darkness ahead . policeman ( in spanish ) not so fast my friend --- ( then ) against the wall , pocket inside out . you too , blondie . ctt to : 171 76 . I not . police station - ? sight half a dozen of the disreputable fish that have be catch in magudo 's net be sit on a bench against the bare , dirty wall of the bare , high - ceiling room with its one unshade bulb hang from the ceiling illuminate the suspect and Police alike harshly . on one side of the room be a bar " tank " or hold cell . there be a fat capitan behind the desk and another policeman , pockmark and hawkish , look , work a some papers at another desk . the sergente come in with anjelica and arrigo . arrigo ( in spanish ) this be a outrage : I protest : ser a?e ( in spanish ) sit down ! the sergente shove arrigo violently toward the bench as we --- cqt to : int ' ? HOTEL do LA revoltjcicn lobby - night we be on the door of the hotel as tony enter and cross the large lobby toward the elevator . anther angle over in one corner of the lobby we see palmateer in a group with several other of the United States delegation . tony raise a hand to palmateer who nod back as tony continue toward the elevator . I another angle - by desk as the desk clerk , who have be watch the door , signal over to a uniform Security Officer . the Security Officer nod and cross to intercept tony . as he do so : security offic ^11 senor Adams . tony stop . the u::==se Security Officer cross . " p to m . contzt ed : tony yes ? security cfficzr there be a message for you . a friend . of yours wish to see you in the bar . tn 'I '. HOTEL do LA revolucion bar - night the place be reasonably crowded , even at this hour . we be on Elizabeth Ann dunne who be the center of a small circle of admirer , include Kenny Morton . she look off , see tony enter , then excuse she - sel - for and cross up to tony who stand in the doorway . closer as Elizabeth coma up to he . elizabeth I want to talk to you . 0 tony I take it this definitely mean we be speak again . she draw he to a empty booth and as they sit : I elizabete I be go to tell you a secret . it would not take a awful lot for I to get hang up on you . okay ? but I have get this problem -- ( then ) you scare I . tony what be you talk about ? elizabeth you , sport . Adams , Anthony . no middle initial . ( then ) be you really with the navy or be that just so much malarkey ? tony what make you thi : lk -- l be not with the navy ? 1 CO 1 .i... y U 0 I I 77 -i. cont+mme : ?? elizabete tou know what I hear in Washington ? that something very interesting might happen down here . toony - where do you hear that ? elizabets you would n`t know anything about it , would ' you ? tony I want to know where you hear that . elizasets what difference do it make , it 's --•- tony be on he foot and move oui of the bar ae 2 . int . eotel do LA revcllcion lobby - nit the all group of Americans , of which stu palmateer be part , have break up . palmateer be move toward the elevator , but turn as he hear ----- tony's void stu ? as tony come up : palmateee scmethe wrong ? tony I do n ' t know . they wove casually toward the newsstand . palmateer pick up a' Spanish language newspaper , idly scan it , then : palz4at '.'..e? B what 's the problem ? tony sow many people know about t:-his mission ? oal.u. atv- zr why ? 78 . tony Z think there 's be a leak in Washington . PAT mater there be only five people who have any idea what 's go on . tony be artier grundellius one of they ? palmat ,.e '? yes . tony F then maybe it 's not that serious . - palmsateer I if yon think the mission 's compro - mise , we will abort . tony no . I think it 's all right . ( then ) see - you tomorrow .. anotar angle palmateer cross to the elevator as tony move back toward the barroom . we move with tony as a bellboy intercept he . bellboy senor Adams ? there be a phone call for you . you can take it on the house phone if you like . tony nod , .tip the Boy , then cross to the house - phone and pick it up . tony yes ? it . DC rsile eating place - night jorge 3arcenas be at a public phone . jorge you zeccgnize my voice ? ( they you better net down here right away , 0 I S 79 . anote R angle as tony hang up and turn , Elizabeth be come up from the bar . £ lizaseth what in the hell 's go on around here ? tony Z do not know .. tony turn and cross out of the lobby as we --- CUT to : int . MAIN cabzx ( stella mart ) ,- night we be close on the pack -mark , hawk - face policeman who be present at the Police Station when anjelica and arrigo be bring in . pclic °.. man I be positive , Doctor 3arcenas . as soon as they find the hundred thousand peso in she pocket , they call Colonel magudo in - T. come as soon as I could . 0 we have pull back to include Roberto harcenas , tony , jorge and other , include the Captain of the fishing boat , a man name mezcurio . roberto she 's be question now ? the policeman nod . troberto turn to tony . roberto you have to ' assume they will be torture . you have to assume that they will talk . tony then you be go to have to move right now . anotl angl . jorge start : pass out weapon and hand grenade . tony take a su .?:-. machine gun and check it , as we --- 82. ext . jail ouse roof - night a couple of policeman be on duty on the jailhcuse roof . they name be Lopez and Ruiz . lopez. be look - ing into the square . lopey' angle ( the square ) we be shoot down into the square from behind Lopez as Ruiz come up and join he . we see the two car stop outside the jail , and the occupant pile out . tony , jorge , Roberto and indio from the first car , sorracho , pepe and ' araron from the second . they be all armed , carry law rocket and sling - sub-machine gun . on rtxiz as he jump up onto the parapet , cock he own machine gun and fire down into the square . as he bullet stitch the cobblestone move up toward the group . on tony at the sound of Ruiz 's first shot , he 's get he sub - machine gun in he hand . he fire from the hip . Lopez throw up he hand , fall back . Ruiz spin on the parapet and fall into the street . = T. the jaii . house - night carbajal and mosca have start fire out of the gun port in the door . i mn. tee STREET outside the jail -- night as indio get hit in the forehead and be jolted back - ward , he face a bloody mask , tony , jorge and Roberto have pick up they law 's and fire almost simultaneously . ext . tee jailhouse - night as the big , heavy door blow away --- ins°. its ...- " jaileol ; S ? ii ( a as - the second door be blow back into the roc= . the ceiling be cave in , piaster be fall . the ai= be thick with plaster dust and smoke . ( ccn'i'ivu ? , J ) I a3. cont iu : mosca sit against the wall , mouth open . his leg lie across the room . the prisoner in the hold cage be scream . a policeman run in from another room just in time to be cut down by jorge who burst through the door follow by tony and Roberto . another angle . -- bas = stair as Colonel magudo run up the basement stair , pistol in hand : another angle as jorge , tony and - Roberto all `ire at the same time , blow magudo back down the basement stair . tony and the other dive down the stair . ext . the central square - night as the occupant of the first car be attack the jailhouse , fa=axon , pepe , and borracho launch a 0 attack on the presidential Palace . anctber angle A. : the sleepy Soldiers come tumble cut of the build - ing in confusion , barracho be spraying they with he automatic weapon while the other two be blow the front door away with they rocket . smoke and plaster dust be heavy in the square . rive start to lick and flicker . another angle as borracho , pepe and . fararon run into the presidential Palace , somebody have start peal the bell of the Cathedral . iy be . the preszde . itia. L palacz - night as borracho , pepe and fararon rjo into the great central hall , wit : - 1 its cu gy s-- a.= case , and great crystal chan_delie= 84 , contiytjed : borracho this way . eeo rug up the stairway , by the other . at the top of the stair he turn , fire at the chaia that hold the chandelier anchore . the ceiling chew away . the chandelier fall with a crash of crystal . ciit to , . int . basmient ( CI tral jail ) - might there be a dozen door lead into a dozen basement - cell - tony , jorge and Roberto be search they . tony enter a cell , then we hear : tony's voice Roberto ! as Roberto hurry into the cell int . the cell -- yiget there be a gully in the ceiling with a line lead . through it and tie off . the other end of the line be . tie around arrigo 's ankle , suspending hi= upside down . eris hand be tie behind he . his head and shoulder be not visible as he be immerse , head - down in a large tuh of water . tony Quick ! Roberto run in , whip out a knife and as tony grab the motionless body , the other cut the line . anotefr angle as they gently lay arrigo 's body on the floor , it be apparent he be dead . cqt to : int . the basement - yiget as jorge throw open a door , he face go white . forge mothey of God . 85 .. continded : we have pan over to the door . we be now shoot toward the door with we view mainly block out , but we can see that anjelica be dead , naked and tie spread - eagle , face down on a table . CUT to : znt . presidential palace - night as bcrracho fararon and pepe be rune og down a upstairs hallway , throw open door , a soldier appear , fire , 3orracho spin and fall . another angle as e'ararcn cut the soldier down , then turn to pepe : R araron ( in spanish ) let 's get out of here ! they turn and run . '' CUT to : S ext . the jailhouse and square - night a couple of Police vehicle and a Army truck careen into the square , skid to a stop and the Soldiers and policeman pile out and take cover a the square . the body of Ruiz and indio be still , where they fall . at a command from the Officer in charge , the Soldiers and policeman start move forward , from cover to cover , lay down a steady rattle of gunfire . CUT to : mm a alley behind tee jail - : night jorge , Roberto and tony be run along a alley in the darkness , bent over . one street away , in the town square , apparently all hell be break loose . as they run : faararon hey : this way . they stop . fara_-cn and 2 epe be stand _ in - : mouth of a i?.tp e not ar-r- cw open - ig between house 0 86 .. another angle as pepe and fararon disappear into the darkness follow - ed by tony , Roberto and jorge . CUT to : e=. another STREET - night a Police car with the numeral " 22 " paint on the side be abandon at a angle in the street , the door open . - another angle pepe run up , look in . tony and the other follow . pepe the key be go ! tony get in . tony be under the dashboard crossing the wire as the other start pile in . the motor start , tony slide behind the wheel . as they drive off --- CUT to : zn ' . police car tam=- two - night tony be drive . Roberto be next to he in the front seat . in the back be jorge , pepe and rararon . as they come to a crossroad : tony which way ? roberto lett . ( then ) when will the plane be come ? pepe four . they will land at quebrada . Roberto look at he watch , then roberto we can make it . Left again . E 87 . ext . STREET corner - night as Police car , number 22 , come leave around the corner a second Police car be come the other way . the two car barely miss each other , just kissing as they pass . int . police ..: car 22 - night the comandeer Police car swerve as tony fight the wheel , and finally steady it . tony's point of vt!w ( througe back window ) I the other police car have spun and stall momentarily . as the Driver of the car get it start and straighten out in pursuit , we can see the second policeman on the hand mike . we can hear he excited voice in . Spanish come over the police radio . radio voice tin spanish ) we have see the terrorist . they be in Police car twenty - too go north on Avenue of the Martyrs . ( then ) 0 all unit . all unit . terrorist see go north on Avenue of the martyr . now other traffic can be hear on the Police radio as other Police car respond to the message . several cot of various Police car as they get the message . some swing around in q-turn , they siren be wind up to a howl . int . police car nitmber 22 -- night we be shoot back through windshield . pepe be look - ing out the back window and we see the follow Police car . now another join it . now still another . Police - man start fire out of they . car . the back window be star as a hole suddenly appear in it , only - inch from padre ?ece ' 's head . he look at the ho l e and tu . - ns , crossing 7:.msei for . pep .;esus , Mary and Joseph . ( CO n'iinii .. D ) k as ` cis;n7ved % as another bullet hit the car somewhere with a clang . of metal , Roberto turn to tony : go - III e1 0 go right on quebrada . the I bspe = c3 ase as the pursue Police car increase they number and come closer , the - comandeer car , carry tony and the other , make a right - turn on Avenue quebrada , lead out of town . park at the curb be a non-descript sedan . featursitg tony as he drive , we see that Roberto have take from he knapsack - pouch a mall detonate device such as we have see in the demonstration of the doomsday car at Camp peary . ext . tee STREET corner - nzgrt 0 as the first of the pursue Police car start around the corner , suddenly the non-descript sedan park at the curb detonate -- disintigrate in a blind dazzle of light . in the jolt of the shock wave , every window within half a mile radius shatter . a vast ball of flame and black , heavy smoke billow upwards from the corner where the doomsday vehicle and the first car be immolate . now , the follow Police car , unable to stop and unable to avoid the flame which have spread like napalm all over the whole corner , skid into the flame and smoke , plow into the wreckage . the building be in flame . a policeman , he uniform and hair on fire , run scream out of the inferno . dissolve to : ex . a country road - n1 get as pc?l.ce car nunber 22 , tarn down a side road , through a gate , then up and over a h- 4 - 11 . we pa. - n to the gate , over which be the word : " ° i.- sca quebrada " . D 89 . ext . AIR field ( f=ca . quebrada ) - night a the Police car come to a stop at the side of what be apparently a hack - out - landing strip in the middle . of a small valley . there be a cane field on one side , the green stalk be give or six foot high . tony , jorge , Roberto and pepe get out of the car . Roberto open the back door and , to fararon . roberto come on ! do - you want to --- another angle Roberto have break off as he look at - fararon . we realize that sometime during the chase the pharoah have take a bullet in the chest . se 's die , and pink bubbles of blood fora and break on he lip as he stiizggle for breath . roberto I be sorry , old friend . tony cross and get back into the car to help fararon . roberto I be afraid he 's finish . at this point we hear : jorge' voice here they come : another angle as jorge , pepe and Roberto run to the center of the airstrip , look upward . we can hear the sound of a approach aircraft . on moserto as he point a flashlight at the sky and signal a short and a long , the letter Alpha . alnctrer a0igl.e - i:ic=1r -- no ` " he oc - 6 the aircraft be now visible . ? rcm the Pilot 's coc pit we see the answer signal , a long and th- -ee short , the letter bravo . I 9q . pull sect - the DC - 6 as it swing in on the final approach and start to settle in for a landing . CUT , to : ext . country road - night a couple of jeep load of Soldiers turn down the same side road that we see Police car 22 take a few minute earlier . as the jeep load of Soldiers pass through the gate on which be the word , " finca quebrada " , we --- ct ? t' to : ext . the a2rft L - night the DC - 6 land and swing around , taxing bark . over the rough ground . close - tony he sense something wrong , and pause by the edge of the airfield , call to the at-tar . 0 tony wait a minute . on roberto , pmpe and jorge as they run for the plane . another angle - on the plane as the plane swing around again and the door open . we reveal e'rankie rizzi in the doorway . close on rranri " as he look out . on roberto , p E and J orge as they run toward . the plane . k 91 - £ xfi. rim of the ett.r. as the two jeep come up to the rim of the hill . one jeep turn a powerful spotlight onto the airfield . the a.irpt t-fl - night ' as the spotlight catch Roberto , pepe and jorge in its beam . on the soldier as they fire . on roberto , pepe and jorge as they be chop down , one after the other . ok tony as he turn and fire at the jeep load of Soldiers with he automatic rifle . anqteer angle - the soldier as tony 's fire shatter the spotlight . some Soldiers fall , other fire at the DC - 6 . the DC - 6 as it start to pick up speed , trundle over the . rough ground . on tony as he run for the plane . on ?ral ? 1Z as he see tony . a , notr .. er anglz as tony :'im up -o the m lane , =rarekie reach down , drag he up and in . Bu - 1 - let hale be apvear the fuselage of the plane . 92 . on the sol4imr as they fire . on tim DC - 6 as it rise into the air and bank off to the nor to % --- CUT to : E , xt '. vzdal ' S pres=zntial pala - day armando vidal , he face a harsh mask , stand in the shattered doorway of the presidential palace look off toward - the central Square .. viral the cetinter- revolution have fail . the. people once more do not - rise up as expect . viral ' S Pov ( the square a tazlhcuse ) - day in the. battle- tear square , outside the jailhouse , we see a angry croard of rioters care ing the dead and bloody body of Roberto barcenas . viral ( coming over ) and once more the rich be bewilder - ed by the fact that the poor be un - I willing to die for they . somebody produce a rope , somebody else throw a loop around he foot and Roberto be hoist upside - down to the top of a ornate old lam post . nlmadt ' S voscz . and while e1 presidente be speak - ing , in understandable bitterness , crowd in the Capitol be run rampant , string up the body of the leader of the fail coup d'etat . qim crowz T as the people cheer . somebody produce a american flag and set it afire . it bun in the street . lid kick at it , 5l it on it . " , gcn ' ?'. .zd? D ) ' 93. contin= : newsman' voice they burn american flag and threaten the safety of the amer - ican delegation ext . airfield - day uniform Soldiers with fix bayonet be guard the airfield . crowd be gather outside the gate . another angle as limousine 4ith soldier on the ;ender and roof come inching through the fist-wave , threaten mob . as the gate be open , Soldiers with bayonete rifle force the crowd back so that the car can get through , newsma2x ' S voicz -- who be take to the airfield under military escort . we see the limousine stop by a wait transport I plane , and -- with the gun of the Soldiers hold off the angry mob -- the american delegation to vidal 's celebration hurry into the big airliner .. closer in the american group we see Elizabeth Ann dunne ; the Senators mckissick and barthalemew ; Assistant Secretary Lucas ; speaker of the House , cari.ock ; and stu palmateer , look cooler than he could possibly feel .- over this we hear : newsman ' S voice ( continuing ) Soldiers with bayonet be force to fight off the angry mob which clearly blame the United States for the abortive coup . CUT to : !xt . the state part !-= -- da ; as be r? z?de ::.ias come out of the State Department and cross to he car , he be surround by newsmen . I 94 . con '' in7iie newsman be voice meanwhile in the Nation 's Capitol , arne grvndellius , the Secretary of State , be beseige by newsmen as he leave the State depa.tent after a all - night session . closer - on grt'ydell td S as the newsmen be thrust microphone into he face , ask question . fi3st newsman mister Secretary ! mister Secretary ! can we get a statement ? grnndelli.us stop . griinde , tlzus we will make a official statement tomorrow . news ii togetrer what about vidal 's accusation -- have you xosygia 's statement ? will you speak to the United lation ? be Doctor barcenas a 1nerican agent ? gr=ezs.zc S p one at a time . one at a time . 2 nd newsma , accord to world opinion , the CIA be behind this . - grondell . " ii5 gentlemen : gentlemen : I be late for a meeting at the White House i but we catagorically deny this allegation . the United States government do not use assassin- ation as a iastrent of foreign policy . anothsr angli as G -=de ? ii we start to move throuch -- he crowd of veoorter , ( ccnt_ - 6 _qt ' 0 95 . contmed : 3rd newsman what about the rumor ' that the under - world be involved in this ? grdndelliiis if the underworld be behind it and I do not rule out the possibility at all -- that fact will be bring to light in open hearing before a- special committee of Congress . it 's in the work right this minute , and subpoena will be come out by the weekend . int . elizabeth' ap T - day tony , dress as last we see he at the airfield , be in Elizabeth 's apartment watch the news on . she liv- ing room television set . newscaster ° S. voice and now for further reaction to today 's development , we take you to the United Nations where sander vanocuz -- tony have turn off the television set with a remote control switch , have hear the . sound of a key in the front door . he rise and turn as Elizabeth enter carry a paper bag . tony listen , I -- he break off as Elizabeth 's face go pale with shock and she drop the bag on the floor . a couple of orange roll across the rug as : tony I be sorry , I have to talk to you she look at he she expression almost readable as anger ; elizabeth you be list as miss . it 's on the wire . I tony . well , much as i.hate to disappoint everybody . ( contincrm ) I 96 . cont= m= : suddenly Elizabeth drop to she knee and start crawl around on the floor , blindly search for the orange . - on tony as he lock at she for a puzzle moment , then drop to he own knee and take she by the shoulder , straighten she . tear be pour down she cheek . tony bey , wait a minute he kiss she . tony what 's all . this cry shit ? she smile , sniffles , blink the tear out of she eye , then : elzz .a$ ete you want a egg sandwich ? CUT to int . elizabete ' S eitchey - night tony and Elizabeth be in . the kitchen have sandwich and coffee as the kitchen wallphone ring . Elizabeth get up and answer it . eli zabeth hello ? not . morehciise 's o TI y ( la.vgley ) - NI zht 1 stu palmateer be at the desk . morehouse be with he , read some report . paimate ' R this be Captain pa. tlrnateer . I get a message to call this number . on elizabeth as she speak into the phane li2 abe :'h yes . hold on for a minut , will you . + ( ( ( to tony ?? yy be you call . ( ccnt e0 ) 97 . ccntincted tony cross over and take the phone . tony stu ? patwmateer be you all right ? tony consider . ( then ) some friend of mine fly I up to maryland this morning . I think maybe I would better not go directly home . palmateer good . tony how be you ? pal ?` sateyr ten kind of blue hell be break loose out here . be you all right at that number till tomorrow ? tony fes. pal.mateer then i' 11 get back to you . click , as palmateer hang up . tony tu.irn to Elizabeth . tony I hope you do not mind a house guest . 0 cu to : I int . a auditqrigm ( nest orlean ) - nigh we be a a cheer audience of longshoremen . anoi= an= 1:,i.iii s2ea2 = ' S ?la -'- qi m Danny ' devito be hold up he hand to the crowd . behind him. , red , white and blue bunti.ng . yoste.z read : 1 ott yor i= to -- gi V ' Tom : cyzon . acx to : E vmsbershzp " . 98 . ext . auditoriiim -- nigh ' : ' as Danny devito come out of the stage door of the auditorium , Ralph augusta come up to he . augusto Sam want to see you . devito I '= at the pcnchartrain . Ralph take Danny by the arm and move he toward a chauffeure limousine wait at the curb . as he do so : augusto now. tonight . he 's get a idea how to get everybody off the hook . as. augusto open the door and usher Danny into the back seat of the car , we ---- CUT to : mct . bourbon STREET mew orlean ) - night 0 as the limousine move dawn bourbon Street with its hockey tonk and jazz joint . int . the lzimous ine - night as they drive down bourbon Street , augusta lean for - I ward to the chauffeur . augusto we will go in the back way . chauff em I yes sir. the chauffeur turn down a side street and up a alley . e=. tee allet -- night a truck be block the alley . a big , cheerful - look laborer with a ; knit cap on he head , be sit on a big barrel by th rear of t h tx ck . h T e eli cusine pu e l ls ap be fer hi ? n d e 1 's the 2 trac / + k , 's c y/? yy ?? toy a :'+t^i /? i a inside a nearby cltth we hear a Jazz tx , =zet on a long ride . ?? T 99 . mt. the lnkoii&amp ; ine as augusta lean forward . augiisto give he the horn . the chauffeur honk the horn . the laborer grin over at the limousine , gesture , palm up . augusto so we walk . it 's not far . another angle as augusta , Danny devito and the chauffeur move up toward the rear of the truck , the laborer jump down off the big barrel he 's be sit on . laborer hello Danny . at this point the chauffeur wheel and grab devito in a arm lock , with one glove hand clamp over he mouth . on abgusto as a knife suddenly glitter in he hand and he plunge it into devito . Danny be kic-ting and st-aggling . acwsto hold the cocksucker still .. as augusta plunge the knife into Danny again and again and again . a wavz " 11 r?nf :i.e the laborer have take the lid of , the barrel . Danny sink to the pavement , convulse and die . ancteer angle as the three man pick up devito body , stuff he into the barrel , then hoist the barrel into the back of the truck . the jazz tr ttpet be sti l play , as we -- ctt ira k 100 . = not . elizabeth' bedroom - day it be the folloaring morning . tony be in bed , asleep . Elizabeth enter , turn on the bedroom tv set and this cross and shake tony . tony come awake fast . tony wha_ be it ? elizabeth you friend , devito --- the tv` set have warm up and now the newscaster 's voice come over the pict '.. ire of a middle - class house in bayonne , New Jersey . news caster there have be no ransom demand and the devito family -- although concerned -- be not yet alarmed . ( then ) Police have station a guard on the ex-union leader 's bayonne , New Jersey home be he 'rife and groom daughter be in seclusion . inform source fear a eruption of mob violence if the popular Labor leader have meet with foul play . I another angle as the Television newscaster switch to another item , we see a burn house , fire engine , so on . newscaster Long Beach , New York . in a possibly related incident , the home of be - pute syndicate figure santsno corleone be firebombed early this morning . corleone , thirty - five , be in guard condition at Saint Catherine 's hospital with first } degree burn over two third of he --- tony be out of bed . be have switch off the tv set and cross to the phone . tony Long distance =; fc_aa , ion , please . h T e number of the veya ? alm --- C , D to : ??3 ext . las vega airport - might it be early evening of the same day . int . las vega airport - viget as tony come out into the central area of the Vegas Airport . he pause , look around . another angle as rocco lampcne cross up to he . ?? lampone let 's go . anoteer aug= as tony follow lampone . ext . las vega airport - night as a big car drive by a button a name fritz pu . we up . rocco open the door to the backseat , gesture tony in . as tony get in --- on rocco I he look around . there be a car full of button Men in front of they . another car full of button man behind . rocco nod . get a nod back &gt ; rom each driver . int . car - d1=get as tony get into the backseat , we see that Tom hagen be there . rocco lampone now get into the front seat alongside the driver , fritz . a L mp ore . tony , this be fritz . ( then ) let 's move . ? not = aigi2 as the car drive out om ! the be ci .. a 1 e , 2 eagef ' S car in the middle . I 102 . int . hagen `s car as hagen turn to . tony . - sagr '?? 1 Danny 's dead . they find he in a barrel at the mouth of the Mississippi . tony maatrocina ? hagen ( nods } it 's go to be bad for a while , that`s wby I want you out here . it 's time you - Jesus Christ fritz this last as another car swing out of a side street and a Hood lean out of the rear window with a t•.re lve gauge p=p gun , and blast at fritz . on rag -en' car as a blast of heavy shot take out the windshield and blow most of fritz 's head away . ' : nt. sagrzn ' S car as a fountain of blood gush up from the stalk of fritz 's neck and hagen 's car start to swerve into the curb , the gunman in the other car send two more blast of deer -- load into hagen 's car . another angle as the corleone button Men in the follow car blast at the attacker , the shotgun man blast away . I anott er ang= as hagen be hit by half a dozen buckshot and he flap over dead , onto tony . the caw hit and toll . anotser angle the hagen car come to a 's tor on its wheel again . the corleone butt -an Men it the fol icwinc ca= - snt ? cut , run up . 0 I 103 . closer as rocco lampone come out of the wreckage , the button man be pull tony -- who be unconscious -- out . lampone look at fritz and hagen . lone not a goddamn thug you can do for they . let 's get out of here . anotber angle : as the corleone Men carry tony to the other ca= and get he inside , people be start to gather . lampone it 's all right . it 's all right . gangway . we be get he to the hospital ! man 's hurt here ! clear the road :. as the bystander move back , the corleone car burn rubber and dig out cqt to : mt. bedroom ( corleone compoiinf , tahoe ) - nigtt camera be subjective , the screen be pitch black with a single red-orange dot move erratically in the center . it be the coal of a cigarette as someone take a last puff , tamp it out , then scratch a match and . light another . in the flare of the match we see a nurse 's bulldog face . another angle - inclc1 ing tony he wear a bandage around he head like a burban . be be look at the nurse in the flicker of the match flame . tony who be you ? xurse oy. , gcood , you be awake . tc y wait a minute . S t cfji3 ' ?' ld } a 104 . contd dzd : nu'rsz I will be right back . the nurse have rise . she switch on a lamp and exit . anothr angle ( mirror shot ) we be angle into a mirror over a chest of drawer , hold on tony as he sit up in bed , then gingerly get to he foot . he be wear silk pajamas . now he cross to the mirror and check himself out . aside from the bandage he seem to be in one - piece . now , in the mirror we see the door open and silhou - ette in the doorway , the figure of Michael . tony turn . anotffer angl - as tony and Michael look at one another for . a long moment . hiceael how be you feel ? S tony what be I do here ? as Michael come into the room and close the door : hiceael I have rocco bring you . ( then ) how 's the head ? a little - pain ? tony a little . michael the Doctor say it 's nothing . to bother you , but I have always find it 's easier to be brave about some - body else 's headache . tony do he say how soon T could leave ? mic 'Z ?? sit dcwn . sim down .. S ano'temr angle tony do not sit down . tony ro like to get out of here as soon as possible . michael let I ask you a question . have you any idea where you stand ? tony I be not totally stupid . michael I ac 't think you be stupid . I think you be smart . 3 t not smart enough . tony t'n willing to learn . michael good . ( then ) you have let you enemy get too close to you . ( then ) that people who try to kill you in Las Vegas , they be maatrocina 's people . tony be ' you sure ? Michael answer that question with a look : of course in sure . michazz , the question to ask be this : who know you be fly to Las Vegas ? - tony the girl I be stay with and --- tony break off : hici=l someone f_ cm langley ? tony before I leave , I call a man name Stuart ?almateer . ( cony be ed ) 106 . continoea michael I tell Tom hagen -- God rest he soul --- but I warn he . it be a. mistake -- that whole vidal business . as the only contact between we people and the government you have no protec - tion . you be naked . ( then ) it they want to break the contact , they elimirate you and they be clean . as long as you be alive , . you be a threat -- do you understand ? another angle as tony sit . he 's not sure whether he like or trust or be ready to forgive he father , but he know the sound of good sense when he hear it . michael how long do you think the - administra - tion would last if it be to come out that the President use the corleone family to assassinate the head of a foreign state . 0 ( then ) the question be rhetorical . another angle Michael take out a cigar and go about the ceremony of lighting it . - michael I be not suppose to smoke this thing , but it , be not every day a man 's son come home . tony you be say ? xichael every year - -- on February third -- I have send you a check . that oheck be never cashed tcny would you like to '.cacw why ? 107 . continued : michael r've always know why -- and z re - pect you reason . but , neverthe - less , I be you lather and anything t have be yours - if it 's money you want , my friendship , the benefit of my experience -- if you will accept it . it 's yours . tony I I need you advice . michael ( nod , then ) there be two way I see to handle this . first , I can make you dis - appear in . Sicily until everything blow over . thing change . Men get old and anger cool . in four or five year you could probably be safe to come home again .. tony what 's the other way ? 1 mice ? 0 the other way be a gamble that you could lose . ( then ) and it would mean become a part of the family -- for a while anyway . tony be just look at Michael . michael think about it . sleep on it . we will talk again in the morning . i=. the boathouse ( corleone compound ) - dae tony enter the glass - in boathouse . outside , cold white winter and the deep , blue Lake . with hi= be a sezv'ant .. servant you father will be out in a moment . ( indicate ) there 's coffee on the sideboard . tony tad . the ser-want exit . ' ror .? y cross to the sideboard , pour a cup of coffee . as he t:uzmn with it , he eye fall on a table in the corner on which ( ccdn V E ) I 108 . cont ?? iued : be many picture , mostly in heavy silver frame . some be studio portrait . some be grainy blow - up of snapshot . tony cross to the table of picture . very close - the picture as tony look , we be move from picture to picture . the first be a wedding portrait take on connie 's wedding day . Carlo be kissing the bride . the god- father stand , proud and uncom . fortable in he tuxedo . Michael in he uniform . the twin , - all heavy eyebrow and baby fat . ' " here be a picture of sonny with he fist up and laugh as if about to hit someone . there be a photograph of the three brother , sonny , Michael and 'redo , they arm around each other , at a outing someplace . sonny be in the middle of a big grin . fredo look shy and scared . Michael be stare straight ahead , a boyish smile on h 1s face although he eye be cold . there be a picture of Michael and Ray at tony 's con - firmation . 0 there be a blow - up snapshot of the godfather in he tomato garden in the backyard .. on tony as he pick up the picture of the godfather , remem - bering --- dissolve to : a fllashbace sequence - {from godfather I ) the old Don be tend he tomato vine . with he be the little boy , tony . age three or four . they have the special rapport that sometimes exist be - tween the old and the very you . they play teasing game with paper fang and the bug spray can , then suddenly , the old man 's heart ; aile he , and he fall i n to the tomato vine . after a moment the light :le boy understand that the old man be no l anger play a game , and he beome frighten : CUT to : L los . int . tife boathoiisz •- day we be on the door as Michael enter . he pause for a moment , then : michael ' . do you remember you grandfather ? another anc as tony turn from the table full of picture with he grandfather 's frame portrait still in he hand . tony yes .. as tony put down the picture , Michael come up . 1siceael do you remember he with admira - tion and respect ? tony Z remember that I love he . milbael 0 so do i. tony I have be think about this choice . Michael hold up he hand to delay the decision . 141c ram talk with I for a moment . ( then ) let I learn something about my son .. what 's trident scholar ? tony it 's a special honors program for first classmen . mic3ael you like annapolis ? _ ony yes . aiczael enough to make a life in t e navy ? ( cont " - rlgczd ) ?? I ila continued tony no . not that much . michael 2 be surprised you do not go to Dartmouth . tony I think about it , but Kay want I to go to annapolis and the price be right . michael how 's hanover this day ? tony about the same . michael I always like that town . that ' S where Z meet you mother -- when I be go to school up there . tony I know . 0 michael I would plan to live there , you know . teach maybe -- or go into law . A. little office on wheelock Street . deed and will . I would have like that . tony why do not you do it ? michael because one day a sicilian pimp and dope peddlar name Virgil solla2 o try to assassinate my father -- you grandfather -- and I have to do something about it . ( then ) it be a mistake . S take a road . the wrong road for I . it end here . tony be this so bad ? sa do not know . it depend or . what you call terrib ? e . you have to ccdn 'tinv D ) continued : michael ( cant would ) live a certain way --- a cold way - or you will not live long . ( then ) do you remember you uncle credo ? tony ( smile ) ? redo , the fisherman . yes . I will always remember , he have a secret way to catch fish . ' he teach I . you say a hail . Mary ' before you put the line down . it never fail . michael you know what happen to ?'redo ? tony he die do not he ? mis I have he kill . my own brother . it be something be have to do -- or feel I have to . tony why ? michael he go against the family . so I wait until we mother die and then I -- ( break off , then ) not too many people be fitte for this kind of a life . I have have to do mazy hard thing , but send you and you sister away -- that be the hardest . another angle there be a beat . to= and he father look at each other and for a moment we feel that tony be go to cross to he father , then the moment pass : myc " " L and now , that I have say t~ at , I would like to hear you decision . ' :cn 'y I do not th.il k I would ? ike sicil v ( con'r 1med ) 112 . continoed : michael good . ( then ) come sit with I . time be short and I have a lot to tell you . CUT to : t N T. CIA build ( lobby ) - day as tony , in civilian clothes , pass through the inner - checkpoint with he legitimate credential . CUT to : znt . morehouse's office - day morehouse and palmateer be in the office . they atti- tude be . less than cordial as tony enter . morehouse come in Adams , sit down . I have call stu in on this -- ( glance at watch ) though I be afraid I can not give you much time . I have get a brief - ing with the Z-orty Committee at noon . tony what I have to say will not take long . ( then ) and I think we 111 all be happier if it 's not on tape . morehouse pause a moment then openen a drawer and switch ofd he tape machine . morehouse sow 's you health ? I understand you get a crack on the head ? tony I be fine now . morebouse you be up at you father 's place in tahoe ? t::at d 's rig ( continued ) 113. continued : morehouse have he change much ? tony not as much as I ' die expect . mo 2 cusz I remember he very well -- from the Senate hearing on crime . heat little man . very polite , speak in a soft , reasonable voice . he sit there with two million dollar worth of legal talent at he elbow and tell the United States government to go piss up a rope . ( smile ) you have to admire the pretentious little bastard . tony we be waste each other 's time with this , mister morehouse . ' m orehouse all right , Son . this be you party . you have get five minute . 0 ( then ) but before we start , I be not go to listen to a lot of recrimination about that cveration . you people blow it , pure and sim le . it be totally mishandle . a mistake from beginning to end . tony the big mistake be that I be still alive . `sorerouse come again ? tony 11 you would manage to get rid of I down there - or in Vegas -- you ' d be all right . silt it 's too late now . you have lose you chance . horezouse I do not know what the hell you be talk about . ( C 0 di ' : i? it ) I .7 114 . continu tony if anything should happen to I -- anything at all -- you can find out . the full story will be all over the six o'clock news . morehcqse I would like to hear you conception of the full story .. tony you be run a no-lose operation . if we succeed , you be rid of vidal . -- if we fail , the corleone family be set up to take the blame . you hand be clean . I be the only one who could dispute you story and I be not suppose to come back . I have find out that my re - ignation from the navy be process and accept a full week before I go down here --- mopeeouse stu ? palmate= well , yes , Sir . his resignation do E go through , but it be a snafu -- a yeoman 's mistake , that 's all . morehouse a clerical error . tony and I do not buy it . morebouse do not give a shit if you buy it or not . and I will tell you some - thing else , mister Adams , or what - ever you fuck name be , I do not react favorably to blackmail . tony it 's not blackmail . it 's a simple statement of fact . if anything happen to I or if the corleone family be damage iz this Senate hearing , then the whistle blow and the whole zdmin .st_ation ace . 7 ( continued ) ? morehouse and what make you think T. give a shit about what happen to the admin- istration ? morehouse grin without humor . tony 's eye flicker . morehouse have tell something that tony need to know . morehouse be up and come around the desk , as he continue . _ _14ore8ovse whatever I do be do under dix - ect order from the President of the United States , and i. will . so testify in open hearing . if that upset some of you= guinea gumbarr in nevada , then so be it . the day be over when you father and he like could corrupt and intimidate this Nation . tony no . you have take over the job . more&amp ; ouse you five minute be up -- now get the hell out of here . as tony turn and go , morehouse glare after he , the glint of victory in he eye . CST to : int . senate buiding - foyer - day we axe outside the huge Senate Caucus room . the double door be open and inside we can see the preparation for the hear . the Senators be take they seat -- the Press be be give the Press hand - out ( stamp : " embargoed until Witness testify " ) . technician be carry cable for the tv camera and light past lawyer and Committee staff member . planted in front of all this , speak to a tv camera , be Elizabeth Ann dunne . elizabeth this be Elizabeth Ann dunne come to you from outside , the. Senate . Caucus room where the Senate Select co=i . -- tee on Intelligence be meeting this morn -- ing .. , ... ( then ) oh , Senator ) ( canti_ tu ?:d ) I I l16 . this last to the polished Senator barthalemew of Pennsylvania who pause in front of the camera . elizabet3 this be Senator Paul barthalemew of Pennsylvania who will chair the Committee . ( then ) can you tell we the specific purpose of this Committee , Senator ? this Committee have be mandate to address two questiocis : one , do the United States government -- or any of its official --- authorize , instigate or in any way - abet a plot to assassinate the head of a friendly foreign State , armando vidal . ( then ) and two , if not -- who do ? elzza3etff thank you , Senator . 0 as barthalazaew move into the Caucus room , shaking he head , we ---- ciit to : znt . se35mtw caucus room - day barthalemew be . pound he gavel for order . harthale ew take you seat , please . sergeant at arm ' will . you see that every - a take he seat ? we pan over to the door as tony enter and find a seat . CUT to : ext . a wooded area ( pcmpton lax , nnw sbrsey ) - day Ralph '' augusto , bare to the waist , be half way up a hill , in a stand of tree , work with a ax . se have stripped off he shirt and he coat . be shirt and he gun be place aver a fall t=ee , ten yard away . 117 . ancther angle as prankie rizzi and rocco lampone be come up the hill toward augusto . they pause : lampone hey Ralph ? augusta torus . his eye flicker to the gun , then back to rocco and frankie . he smile warmly : agsto hey Rocky . whaddya say ? waddya doin ' up here ? ? R a N = we just come up to say goodbye , Ralph . l?jwone for neri and devito . frankie and lampone have speak almost simultaneously , and as they speak , they gun be out and blast . ancthwr angle - on aagt7sto 10 as the bullet thwack into he body . he jerk , but do not go down . his cold face twist in fury as he be move down toward tony , raise the ax . on frani ( tz as he stand he ground , blast . twice . 171a % ree time . four time . anotber angle as augusta waver , he face go slack and he plunge into the ground at f'rankie ' 's foot . the ax have fall from he hand . CUT to : in 'r . S miate caucus room - oat ? among the Senators a the Committee , we recognize mc:tissick and mossib ? y we with i- 11 . remember old geary , from nevada . tonv be a interested spectator as 3artha ? amew , be quest ion the witness , Martin davideau . 0 I cunt t3ed 3 artkalz W and. ' what light can you throw on this matter , mister davideau ? davideaii S have . a memo here from the director of the FBI to the director of the CIA with copy to the Army , Air Force , navy and State Department Intelligence Offices . it state that one of we informant -- well , I ' l1 read it ( ro ads ) ' during . a recent conversation with several friend , underworld figure Sam maatrocina , state that there be go to be a attempt on armando vidal ' 's life and this attempt --- this hit , in the argot -- be to be carry out by another underworld family mc rissicx do this informant identify the other underworld family ? davideau 0 so Sir , he do not . mc kissicx would you care to speculate , geary just a minute , Senator -- I whole - heartedly object to this Committee be use as a for , = for spec - ulation base on a anonymous report of a alleged conversation . reput - tation . could be recklessly and i --e - grievably damage . mc rissicr very well , very well . we would not want to damage any of the constituency of my esteem collegue from nevada . -- geary many thanks to the distinguished sv..nior Senator from we wes tern sister State of Utah . c7t tc : I 119 . n ? T. maatrocina ' S office ( new york CITY ) - day _ Sam maatrccina be seat in he office on the thirty - third , floor of a old downtown Manhattan office build - ing . the buzzer sound . maatrocina yes ? secretary's voice a couple of gentleman here from the Internal Revenue , mister maatrocina . maatrcciva ( scowls ) the Internal Revenue !? secretary yes sir . maatrocina all right . send them in . anoteer an= the door buzze open and . two young , - rather conserva - tive look Men , enter with briefcase . I first man mister maatrocina ? maatrocina be come around the desk : maatroci : ya what - be this ? some kind of a roust ? first man it 's about you income tax , Sir . maatrocita my tax be handle by the biggest firm of accountant in New York City . it cost I a hundred thousand doll - ar a year and you two asshole in cheap - suit be go to come in here and Sam maatroci.na break off . the second Young man have hit he a open-handed karate chop on the side of the neck . now , before maatroctna can speak or cry cut , the aan have hit : taatrocina a seccad chop , shat - ter .ag he adam apple . I 120 . another angle as maatrocina go to he knee , he eye goggle , the first Young man have cross to the window and open it . now he and the second Young man carry the wide - eye New York Don to the window and throw he out . CUT t0 : ext . d0 wntg " N maajbatzan STREET - day as crowd be gather around the body of maatrocina on the sidewalk , the two Men come out of the building , cross the street and go around the corner .. in the distance , sound of approach siren . ext . tee corner - day as the two Men come around the corner and get into a wait car . driving the car be frankie rizzi . as they drive off , we --- CDT to : lyt . senate caucus . room - day it be late afternoon . a uitness , General vanderhorst , the director of the CIA , be at the table . geary be quiz he . geary no. no . what I be try to get from you , General , be , as director of the Central Zntelligence Agency , do you ever have any kind of order in write authorize you to assass - inate the head of a foreign state ? vanderhorst no , sir. Z do not . mc xissicx well , come on now .. that 's hardly the thing that would be put in write , now be it ? exry well what would it be put n 44 aol writ=q ? I 121. contiii= mc kissicx X suggest that it would be put into the same kind of phraseology that Henry use to he baron when he say , ' will , no one rid I of this turbulent priest ? ' he do not tell they to go kill Thomas -- z6 beckett . , but the final result of it be murder in the Cathedral --- gary what have Thomas 3 .~ beckett get to do . witii the subject at hand ? --- csc rissicx if the distinguish Senator from nevada will refrain from ---- ba - halemew be beat with the gavel on he desk . bartsalemew gentlemen : gentlemen ! CUT to : ext .. the mall - day tony be buy a hot dog at one of the dog-wagon on the mall. as cross and sit on a bench where palmateer be sun himself , look at a newspaper . closer as tony take a bite of he hot dog . tony this be good . you ought to stave one . palmateer I do not have a lot of time , tony . tony first , I want to say that although I be sure that I be set -- um to be kill down there , I never think you be mix up in i to PA m teer pine. ' clad to hear that . now , what be it that you want ? ( c©nt tc =rd ) I 122. conti ' : ued : tony Z hear that morehouse be be call in by the comm I tree to testify . palmateer so they tell I . tony well if he do -- and . I be tell you this as a friend --- he 's go to bring the roof down on he self --- and you too . as pa.lmateer put the newspaper down , look at tony : tony that 's definite , stu. ( then ) VIM sorry . CUT to : ?.xt . a mariland road ( near patuxent ) - ? iig3t we pick up a automobile move south along a road that edge chesapeake Bay . be q. int . the car - night we see that Tom morehouse be drive . we be angle through the front . windshield as he turn off into a marina parking lot . ext . the float - VIC T as morehouse come out onto the float , then climb aboard . a nice little yawl , apparently he own . closer as morehouse go to the cabin . the snap lock have be unlock and the hatchway be open . there be a dim light in the cabin . ( oreeouse stu ? p Z ; ? yr down here . 123.. 1 T. cas= - night as morehouse come down the four step that lead into the cabin , then stop . anot R angle palmateer and rocco lampone be wait for he in the cabin . moreeouse what the hell be this ? anot 'e ' er angle as rocco rise , draw a twenty - two calibre pistol with silencer , and shoot morehouse three time in the chest . as morehouse go down : lampone be he dead ? palmateer kneel to check morehouse . pal.yateer yes . lampone ' so be you . i lampone have lean down , put the gun to palmateer 's head and pull the trigger . ext . chesapeaxe say -- dawn a small Coast Guard patrol boat move up chesapeake Bay , flat calm reflect a pearly pink sky . as look - out on the fly bridge scan the bay ahead , then . i n to the sneaking tube . lookout Bridge . I . w'smizzouse - dawn as the Officer of - 6 ' the deck , a yo :;.ng C : a 3 cs , .: ' . , answer : _ T 124 . continged : bosun Bridge aye . lookout voice that yawl look like it 's adrift . another angle as morehouse 's sailboat drift in the calm , it 's sail up and motionless , it 's tiller untend . the patrol boat nose up : bosun ahoy , the yawl . you all right ? - no answer . the bosun jump aboard . bosun hello ? avon Lady . if anybody down there 's do anything they should not , now 's the time to - tae bosun have look down into the cabin . 3e break off and turn back to the patrol boat . 0 bosun get on the horn to base . we get two body here . CUT to : k =. sfylate caucus room - day arne grundellius be at the witness table . grundellius and in conclusion , I would like to say that I believe this hearing have serve a great , good purpose . in spite of the fear that the hear - ing would do hartto the fabric of democracy , we Nation 's stronger to - day in the knowledge that we do not export revolution or use murder as a extension of diplomacy . another ang : as grmdelli.us fi.'2is :ye , geary and one or wwo other rise , applatsd.i.r.g. 125 . contiktted : geary hear . hear . another angle - the at7d ience tony and Elizabeth be together . Elizabeth be applaud - ing grundellius . tony look over at she . CUT to : int . the lobby ( senate build ) = day the meeting have break up . spectator , legislator , News sian and womea , . staff and Committee member be leave or stand in knot , gossipe . we pick up Elizabeth and tony as they cross out , pause to speak with Senator geary and grundellius who have stop to chat . elizabeth mister Secretary , Senator geary , I would like to present tony Adams . there be general greeting , and then , as they move S toward the door . geary I believe we have mutual friend in nevada , mister Adams . tony yes Sir . I believe so . geary if there 's ever anything I can do you come see I . tcny I might just take you up on that , Senator . as they exit ---- CUT to : ext . WASHINGTON D.C. STREET it be sunset . tony and Elizabeth be walk toward the capital building , outline against a pink sky . as they walk toward j.-_ we begin to hear t .he gcdwa the theme slow dissolve 126 . ext . corleone compound - night we pick up the headlight of a car come up the long approach driveway toward we . it come past the gate , past the kennel for the guard dog , past the guest house and finally up to the main house where it stop . the front door to the house open and Michael stand silhouett against the block of yellow light . tony get out of the car and come up to he . they embrace briefly and move into the house together . as the door close behind they , we start to move up and back . the sound of the single trumpet can still be hear , play slowly and sadly , the note faintly resonant as if echoing through the narrow street of some old hill village in Sicily . we have pull up and up and up c ntil everting be darkness , as we --- fade out the end