'' the house next door '' a screenplay by óaaron goldberg October , 1999 bomb the suburb inc . first draft 9/16 mitford st . start : October 2,1999 St. kilda , 3182 ph : 9537-2765 complete : December 14 , 1999 " the house next door " 1 . int '' trendy clothes shop day 1 . thuy quay be a young asian lady . she 's funky and fresh look , and have a exotic but assure charm about she , as well as a lurking cynicism . sheus on she shift work in the trendy clothes store dangerfield . she 's behind the counter , when two young teenage girl come into the store . the girl be dress in a trendy club style . they idly look through the rack check out all the fresh style , look for some clothes that will make they day . thuy approach they slowly , smile at they as they look through the rack . cath check this stuff out Jen . jen ( vaguely interested ) yeah , look alright . thuy approach they , give they a kind and reassure smile . both girl look at thuy and be startle by she fresh , funky sensual look . they seem challenge by she style , and quickly go back to scan the rack in a attempt to match it . jen pull out a skirt , and inspect it . thuy that 's a great look skirt . the girl look at each other and then back at thuy , and then pull face and shake they head . jen na . not my style . thuy smile approvingly , keep the customer satisfied , as they rifle through the rack . jen select another piece of clothing , this time something tacky and totally inappropriate . thuy look back at they , offer more help . thuy you can try that one on if you want . 1 . cont’d 1 . jen ok . jen take the pants in she hand , as if she already own they . thuy the change room be just down the end there , near the hat rack . cath look back at she friend , and giggle again , make thuy feel a little uncomfortable , make she feel like a stupid shop assistant . thuy if you need any help , with size and stuff , just tell I . okay ? cath she know what she want . thanks . cath give she a cheesy smile . thuy smile back , and quickly frown , which make she a bit shitty . thuy walk back to the counter , as the girl go to the change-room . thuy ( to herself ) Little private -school brat . thuy take out a pop magazine , and idly flick through the page . 2 . int '' change -room day 2 . the girl giggle and mutter amongst themselves inside the change room . cath how's it look ? 2. contud 2. jen hang on . I ’m still put it on . cath dave’ll love it when he see it . cath look at some hat , when jen come out , look goofy and ridiculous . cath aw sick ! thuy look up and see a fashion abortion happen . she put down she magazine , and come to the girl rescue . thuy try this one - it’ll drive Dave nut . she pull out a cool tube skirt , a real arse hugger , and hand it to jen , who take it , albeit a bit hesitantly . jen you do n’t stock that scanlon and Theodore stuff here do you ? thuy hand jen the dress . thuy not this week . this be better - Jennifer hardwick . jen take the dress , but give thuy a bit of a look . she 's be outclass . cath notice this too , and roll she eye condescendingly . thuy '' dave’ will die over this one . 2. contud 2 . jen smile cheezily at she , and go back to the change room , as thuy be leave with cath cath the girl have no idea . thuy give cath a know smile , as jen fiddle around in the change room . her pants drop to the floor , she leg slip through the skirt . jen ( from behind the door ) wooooooo ! jen emerge from the change room look hot . the dress fit she perfectly , give she a sexy , slinky look . cath that look great ! thuy smile at both of they , satisfied . cath lunge for the rack , she want one too . thuy , sense a double sale , quickly assist she . she pick out the same dress , just a different size . thuy try this one . cath take the dress , and run to the change room , put it on quickly , and come out . she look good , but not as good as jen . cath a perfect match ! they both head back into the change-room , and put on they original clothes . thuy head back to the counter , await they transaction , as the girl approach , they be oblivious of thuy , more interested in they ‘exceptional’ choice of clothing . 2. contud 2 . jen you see , I always know what 's cool . cath hey , I have the eye ! the girl hand they item to thuy , who check the price into the electronic register . thuy that 's eighty - five each . you pay cash ? eftpos . jen , fumble with she backpack , and pull out she purse , and eftpos card . cath , fumble with hers . jen eftpos thuy take she card and swipe it . then fiddle with the eftpos machine . thuy saving ? jen nod approvingly , as thuy fiddle with the machine , and wait for the transaction to complete . she look over at cath , who embarrassed , smile and hand thuy she card . cath I ’m the same . thuy take the card and complete cath '' S transaction . she bag the skirt and hand it to the girl , who be beam proudly . thuy smile back even prouder . 2. contud 2 . thuy have a great night girl ! the girl giggle as they leave the store . thuy breathes a huge sigh of relief as they leave , when suddenly the phone ring . she pick it up . thuy dangerfield . phone caller hi T , it 's I thuy fuck off Terry . thuy slam the phone down , and take a second to compose herself . when she look up , there be a miserable look teenage girl look at she , await she assistance . thuy instinctively flash she a win smile . thuy hi ! May I help you ? 3 . ext '' suburban street day 3 . a young guy , no older than seventeen , be skateboard down a suburban street . he take long step with the board , building a deadly speed as he scoot along the concrete footpath . its terry mckenna , the sound of he world block out by the pump music through he discman . it 's a blister hot day today , and the street be relatively empty . terry expertly launch himself off the curve , and start to sail down the street itself , weaving down the road like a slalom skier , the music give he a purpose and rhythm as he glide effortlessly down the street , own it ! suddenly a car loom in front of he , but terry be all rhythm and feel , he instinctively swerve back onto the footpath , pull a mean ‘olly’ , as heus back on the footpath again , towards he destination , the local bottle shop . he glide past two very cute girl , deck out in tight summer wear , and give they a wolf - whistle . the girl respond with a giggle , strangely honore , as terry glide by , cool as fuck . the girl distract terry enough , that he nearly hit a old lady on the footpath in front of he . 3 . cont’d. 3. she turn lift she handbag at he . old lady you should n’t be on the footpath ! terry be completely oblivious to this as he continue on he way . he screech to a halt at the crossroad of barkly and mitford . people be walk along the street - he change direction , up towards the bottle shop , slowly past the 7 - 11 , the trendy boutique , and the trendy café - before he reach he destination , the local bottle shop . he dismount he board , tuck it under he arm . he slide he headphone off he neck , lift he sunglass and walk in . 4 . int '' bottle shop day 4 . terry scan the rack , completely oblivious to the fact that the attendant have suss he out . he confidently step toward to the counter . terry slab of vb thanks . the assistant look at he silently for a moment , before break out into booming , condescending laughter . terry look back at he . terry there a problem ? the attendant stop laugh , and suddenly turn serious . assistant id mate . teery shake he head in bewilderment , and fumble with he back pocket before pull out a ratty piece of paper . he hand it to the assistant , who scan it , look a terry again , then nod he approval . assistant now what be it ? 4. contud 4 terry slab of vb . stubby the assistant walk back to the fridge and return with a slab . he put it on the counter . assistant twenty - three fifty . plus gst . terry yeah . terry fumble in he pocket and hand the assistant the cash . terry walk out of the bottle shop , slab on he shoulder , skateboard under he arm , as the assistant shake he head and smirk to himself . assistant twenty - three , yeah right ! 5 . int '' terry parent house day 5 . terry barge in through the front door . drop he skateboard in the hallway , and walk down it , he slab hoist on he shoulder . he 's sweat and seem to be struggle a little as he carry the slab . 6 . int '' terry parent house '' tv room day 6 . terry barge through the door , slab on he shoulder . he startles he best buddy joe rudjovic , who' sprawle on the minimal style couch , watch the wrestle on cable tv . joe be the same age as terry , have dark spiky hair with red tinted tip . in front of he be a coffee table , sprawle with empty pizza box , assort magazine and a bong . joe fuckin’ beauty ! 6 . cont’d 6. terry it 's a fuckin’ cunt of a day out there . joe no hassle get it ? terry bozo ask for id . but I get ‘em . terry put the slab down and rip the top open . grab a beer and throw one over to joe . he take one for himself , and take the slab over to the fridge . he open the fridge , seem daunt by the task . terry shit , look at this . joe what ? terry take out some rotten food and bottle , scrunches he face in disgust , and hold the food a distance from he face by he fingertip , as if its some sort of toxic waste . terry nothing . terry continue to squash the beer into the fridge , and squeeze the door shut . he grab he beer , have trouble unscrew the top , and sit down on the couch next to joe , he seem a little detach and upset . joe notice this and try to distract he . joe watch this fuckin malaka '' Goldberg , the psycho Jew , heus awesome . they watch the screen together . the wrestler Goldberg be go nut , smash he opponent , work the crowd , drive they into a frenzy . 6 . cont’d 6 . joe Goldberg ! you fuckin’ crazy cunt ! despite joe 's enthusiasm , terry do n’t seem so interested . joe respond . joe it 's Thuy , be n’t it ? terry Nah . joe sheus not come ? terry ( lethargically ) I do n’t know . joe relax man , it’ll be alright . terry ( resignedly ) yeah . whatever . terry throw the bottle cap heus be hold across the room . it make a ‘plink’ as he sip on he stubby and watch the wrestle half interested . joe be completely absorb , he nudge terry joe watch this !! the boy watch semi-spellbound , as Goldberg deliver a remarkable skull crush on he opponent . terry awesome ! 7 . int '' terry 's parent house night 7 . teery and joe be sit at the huge kitchen table . the house be very modern , and very upmarket , complete with all the latest mod-con . terry be on the phone to he mate GEORGE . terry it 's gonna go off . suze gleeson be come and patti lombardo too . joe ask he about Thuy . terry nod , but motion for joe to hang on . terry you speak to she ? what do she say ? terry 's mood change . he seem upset , as he listen to the voice on the other end . terry yeah . yeah . I know . she hang up on I . she will n’t give I a inch . I know . I know . I ’m a arsehole . I fuck up . but I ’m try man . you know ? maybe this’ll fix thing up . I can only try . terry keep nodd as he hear the voice on the other end . his mood start to lift . he 's smile a little . terry yes . no . she will n’t talk . she like you . you reckon ? cool. okay . yeah . ( beat ) can you get any ammo ? yeah ? Nah . okay . i’ll see you tommorow . earlyish . about eleven . yeah . yeah . see you then . it ’ll rock buddy . later. 7. contud 7 . terry switch off the phone . he swing he fist in victory , and a huge smile come across he face . joe look at he quizzically . terry sheus come ! joe told ya . what happen ? terry George speak to she . he explain to she how I feel . she say no , but she be n’t do anything else . George be able to charm she into it . joe what do he do ? terry I do n’t know . he just speak to she . joe you see . it 's gay mate . terry look at he as if heus a idiot . joe they understand chick . it 's like Mick say - ‘a gay be a womand best friend’ . terry good on you genius . joe be now laugh , he get up and give he buddy a big pat on the back , and a nipple squeeze . 7 . contud 7 . joe still fuckin’ whing huh ! fuck it . let celebrate ! joe get two more beer from the fridge , and hand one to terry . he grab the mull - bowl and pack a bong . joe to reconciliation ! terry enough with the fuckin genius think . joe ey ! chill man ! he hand terry the bong . terry start to light it . joe here’s to party of the century ! teery suck the bong , and splutter mid-toke . joe put the open stubby into he hand , and knock it against he in cheer . joe but more importantly . joe put he arm around he mate and hold he close , look he in the eye . joe here’s to you ( beat ) and Thuy . 8 . int '' terry 's parent house morning 8. the tv be tune at low volume to MTV , a video clip of some cheesy dance - pop artist flash across the screen . shoe and discard clothes be strewn across the floor , as well as discard .. 8. cont’d 8 . newspaper , some skateboard magazine , comic and pop-culture magazine . there 's a pile a video tape on the large square coffee table , include some horror , scf - fi and porn title . there 's a filthy ashtray full of butt , some empty stubby and a half drunk bottle of tequila , as well as a bong fill with dirty water . terry and joe be sprawle on separate couch , comatose . a dull overcast sunlight creep into the room . amidst the dull ‘doof’ of the tv , can be hear the buzzing of the front doorbell . it continue , then stop . then it start pulsing again in a angry staccato rhythm , as if it 's try to make some kind of morse code with the dead . slowly the sound get through terry 's ear , and he eye slowly open . he raise he intoxicate head , he eye strain against the pure virgin sunlight in the room . terry Jesus ! he scratch he head , and look around the room , he spot the Blue LED readout of the time on the vcr '' 10:15 be . terry shit . he look over at joe who be sprawle on the other couch , dead to the world , he mouth half open as he blissfully snore away . the doorbell keep buzzing , as terry clumsily get up . terry yeah . yeah . fuckin settle . terry slowly make he way to the front door . dress only in a t-shirt and boxer , he scratch he arse . the doorbell be still buzzing as he make he way to the front door . the sound be louder now . terry protest back at it . terry okay . okay ! I hear ya ! terry open the door , and there stand in front of he be thy , look angry but ready . he look back at she startle , and in a almost reflex mood cover the hole in he boxer . she look back in disappointment , terry blushes . she walk in with authority , stomping down the hall to the tv room . terry , suddenly shocked out of he stupor follow she like a obedient puppy . 9 . int '' terry 's parent house morning 9 . thuy stop at the entrance of the tv room , and see the disaster before she . she look around the room . terry be behind she , and by this stage heus put he pants on . she look back at terry angrily , shaking she head in disgust and disappointment . thuy I can see nothing 's change with you . terry please . thuy you’re still hang around with you bum mate , smoking bong , get piss , do nothing .. she look over the coffee table and see a porno movie . she angrily pick it up . look at he accusingly thuy you’re pathetic . terry look back at she , shake he head in denial , but stand he ground against she . terry please . Thuy . that be n’t the point . thuy so what be it ? huh ? I mean I do n’t have to waste my time with loser like you . by this stage joe have emerge from he slumber . more like rudely awaken by thuy and terry’ S domestic . he start to moan as thuy continue rip into terry . 9. contud 9 . terry I mean do n’t think I be here be suppose to mean anything .. joe aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa .. thuy you know I ’m here to be with George and jess , not you two .. joe aaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrgggggghhhhhhhhhh !!!! terry yeah , I know .. I . joe aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa !!! by this stage joe 's moan have turn to a loud horrific scream . cut right through they argument . they both stare at he , startle . as there be silence in the room . joe look back at they startle , and get up . joe that 's better . he walk across the room to the toilet . thuy look at he , then back at terry . thuy I can see he have n’t change either . terry Thuy . can you stop ! please ? 9 . cont’d. 9. terry look back at she , he eye be plead , and heus try to be as sincere and honest as possible . he 's try to make peace , but thuy be defiant . the toilet flush amidst they impasse , as joe walk out the door . she look at he , scratch he belly , and then he head . she 's relentless . thuy look at you two . always together . no girl around . I mean what girl would want to go out with you ? terry please . thuy I mean , maybe you two should become lover ! terry can n’t believe this . he shake he head , and roll he eye back in disbelief . joe flash a cheesy grin , and interject . joe we already be . joe teasingly blow terry a kiss terry man ! thuy smirk to herself sarcastically , and shake she head in pity . she turn to leave . thuy this be a waste of time . she start to clomp down the hallway . terry be in hot pursuit after she , when suddenly the doorbell ring . terry lunge at the door and open it . thuy stop . stand before he be GEORGE steven , he hair peroxide , heus dress all groovy . with he be a female friend jess , who look very tom - boyish and tough . terry .. 9 . cont’d 9 . be startle . terry George . hi. GEORGE look back at terry mildly amused but quickly sense some sort of problem . he enter with jess , terry let they pass , and they come across thuy , who seem in that second to have miraculously change she mood . thuy George ! GEORGE hey Thuy ! they embrace as GEORGE give she a big affectionate hug , thuy hug he back . he turn to introduce jess , as terry stand in the background , hold he tounge , and let the event solve themselves . GEORGE and this be my friend jess , who' come with we for the weekend . thuy hi jess jess smile at she shyly , as GEORGE turn to terry GEORGE and of course Terry mckenna , who' place we’re go to . jess smile back , as they start to walk down the hallway . thuy so where 's you’re Beau ? 9. contud 9. GEORGE who , Rod ? that 's over . I ’m single now . its great ! thuy I know how it feel ! terry close the door behind he as they disappear down the hallway . he shake he fist in the air in victory . terry yes !!!!! 10 . int '' terry 's parent house late morning 10 . terry , GEORGE , jess , thuy and joe be congegrate in the tv room . joe be still slouched in the couch , and he slowly get up to make some room , as jess sit down in the space next to he . terry be stand in the corner , and thuy be in manic , happy conversation with GEORGE , seemingly oblivious to everything else . thuy I have the biggest shocker at dangerfield the other day . this two total victim be give I attitude about scanlon and Theodore .. GEORGE private school brat ? thuy ( nodd agreement ) totally . terry stand silently in the corner overlook the scene . he raise he eyebrow at joe who be sit there nonchalantly , as jess watch the tv . joe pick up what heus think as he look back at thuy , she mood suddenly lift due georgeus appearance . thuy they be awful . I sell they .. 10. contud 10 . .. the sluttiest dress , and both of they buy the same dress the doorbell ring again . thuy be startle but it a stop for a moment , glance quickly at terry who' not there . she go back to yapping away thuy can you believe it ? GEORGE that 's typical . why do you think all the girl at lauriston be blonde ? 11 . int '' terry parent house late morning 11 . terry walk down the hallway , and open the door . patti hey ! Terry ! terry patti ! it’s patti lombardo , a ex of terry '' S and one of he best female friend . she 's skinny and gothic-clubby look . her hair be tie into spunky braid . with she be suzie goldstein , blonde , petite , and build like a jazz dancer . she smile back at he , as they walk into the house . 12 . int '' terry 's parent house late morning 12 . patti and suzie enter the room , terry be right behind they , the rest of the crew be in different state of conversation or watch tv . suzie George ! 12. contud 12. GEORGE wave at she , heus a instant hit with the lady . terry gain control of the room . terry people ! people ! I think we should get a bit organize . joe good idea . thuy listen to the two of they - '' leader '' ! terry glare quickly at thuy who give he she attitude . GEORGE playfully rib she with he elbow , as terry continue . terry I think we should drive in a convoy .. geroge ( mock sing ) he get a great big convoy , truckine through the night .. the girl giggle at GEORGE . terry ignore he and continue . terry George , you take Thuy and jess geroge nod , thuy be beam at he . terry .. and I and Joe will go with patti and suzie , ok ? everyone seem to nod in agreement . 12 . contud 12 . terry we stop off at merryvale , there 's a little store there , before we head to the a-frame , deeper in hill . terry look around at the room , everyone seem satisfied . joe put he hand up , as if heus a kid in a classroom . joe what about ammo for the night ? patti ( jokingly ) we’re pacifist ! terry I get a few bud of skunk . that 's it . thuy Big deal .. terry glare at thuy for spoil the uvibe . terry it should n’t be a problem . it 's merryvale man '' hippie central . there 's always party and kdoof '' and shit , I would n’t worry too much . joe cool . terry look around the room for any outstanding question . patti can we go ? terry ( smile ) sure ! 12 . cont’d 12 . they get up to leave . terry walk into a room and get he bag . the other leave the house talk happily amongst themselves . joe slouches at the back . terry be last to leave set the house alarm and lock up . 13 . ext '' terry 's parent driveway late morning 13 . thuy be load she gear into georgeus hatchback car . GEORGE help she pack she stuff . jess be already inside . he close the hatch and they both get in and drive off . meanwhile joe and terry load they stuff into the back of suziex 4wd . they get into the back , patti and suzie get in the front , and they head off too . 14 . int '' georgeus car late morning 14 . they be on a wide road , on the outskirt of suburbia , head towards the wild blue yonder . there be music play in the car . jess be in the back seat silent , ponder . GEORGE be mouth the word to the song , and thuy be smile to herself nodd she head . jess lean forward to talk to the two of they . jess can n’t wait to get out into the country , you know ? get a bit of nature . thuy I too . GEORGE smile to himself as he concentrate on the road . GEORGE so it 's over between you and Terry ? thuy stare straight ahead , pensive . thuy yeah . 14. contud 14 . GEORGE ( smile to himself ) you do n’t . sound too confident about it . jess this hetero’s and they ‘dramas’ . jess and GEORGE share a sarcastic laugh . thuy seem a bit defensive . jess do n’t worry Thuy . we’re just shittin’ ya . it 's the same all ‘round , whatever you be . thuy as far as I ’m concerned - it 's over . I ’m only come tonight because of you two , and also because I feel sorry for Terry , the pathetic loser . jess and GEORGE share a smile as they listen to thuy . they know sheus front . thuy besides , I like hang out with you two because you’re such cool people . jess everyone this day think we’re cool darling .. GEORGE .. when in reality , we’re bitchy , heartless , arsehole . they all laugh in sarcastic unison . 15 . int '' suziex car late morning 15 . terry be slouched in the backseat of the 4 WD he knee press up against the seat , heus stare glumly out the window , lose in melancholic think . joe be next to he play a gameboy , get right into it . Terry feel a gentle tapping at he leg that knock he out of he trance , its patti . patti what 's wrong tez ? terry nothing . joe talk while still play he gameboy . joe he have n’t get over Thuy . terry get defensive . patti why do you invite she ? terry I do n’t want to have any bad feeling towards she ( beat ) I still like she as a friend . patti and joe look at each other , sense its more than what terry say . she pat he reassuringly on the knee . patti thing will sort themselves out . she look over at joe , and smile briefly at he , possibly hint at something , then turn back to terry . 15 . cont’d 15 . patti it’ll be big . I can feel it . terry yeah . patti turn back to the front seat , and turn the music up a little , she sing along with it . joe give terry a little kick , egging he on a bit . joe Soft cock ! terry what ? terry flash a little fake smile , before stare out the window again , look out at the wild blue yonder . 16 . ext '' nightford early afternoon 16 . both car drive past the sign '' welcome to nightford '' you gateway to the alternative '' . the car pull into the local independent petrol station for a fuel stop . 17 . ext '' suzeus car early afternoon 17 . a old man approach they car . suze wind down the window and give he direction , as patti , terry and joe slip out the door to get some fresh air and a stretch . old man how can I help you love ? suzie ten dollar of unlead , and check the oil please . 17 . cont’d 17 . suzie flick open the petrol flap , the old man disappear to do he job . suzie get out of the car . 18 . ext '' petrol station early afternoon 18 . terry and suzie be idling by the car . patti have go over to george’ S car and be talk to they , as they wait in they car . joe be off on he own check thing out . terry I ’m a bit lose . suzie I know that . terry i’ll ask the old guy . terry approach the old man , who be pump petrol into the car . terry ( nervously ) how's it go ? old man yeah . terry um . you would n’t know how to get to merryvale from here ? the old man smile at he . old man happens all the time . the old man straiten up , and pocket the rag heus hold . he point out direction . 18 . cont’d 18. old man you take this road straight up until the round about .. terry nod absorb the information .. old man Chuck a right . you’ll see sign . follow they , until you reach '' old merryvale road '' follow that for ten kes or so and you’ll get there . the old man go finish pump the petrol , put the nozzle back on the pump , and close the petrol cap . he look over at george’ S car and notice the gay pride sticker on it . he look back suspiciously at terry and suzie . old man so what be youse do out here ? terry have a party . the old man laugh back at he in mock delight . old man yeah ! merryvale be a wild palce a few year back - full of all that crazy and hippie , and greeny and anyone else who do n’t fit in . terry ( smile in agreement ) so I ’ve hear . old man it 's settle down a bit lately . there be a few police bust a 18 . cont’d 18. .. while back . get rid of the druggoe . but there 's still freak out there if you want to find they . terry smile back at he . the old man lift the bonnet of the car . patti be nearby have a stretch , and the old man turn he head , catch a quick perv . patti notice this and glare at he . he go back to check the oil , as patti walk over to georgeus car . 19 . ext / int '' geroge 's car early afternoon 19 . patti lean into the window on the driverss side so she can talk to GEORGE . patti see the dirty old bastard check out my tit ? GEORGE they do n’t know any better . jess Old bastard . patti he’ll probably have a good wank on the dunny after we leave . patti and thuy and jess all laugh in unison . the old man hear they laughter , and look up , and jess , sense the opportunity , make a wank motion at he through the back window . the old man notice this and blushes . patti notice terry at suzie '' S car , heus point to he mobile phone , then point back for they to check . patti lean back into the window . patti George . get the mobile ? geroge lift it up from the clutch next to he . he switch it on with a familiar beep and smile at she . 19 . cont’d 19 . GEORGE check . patti wave over to terry give he the thumb up . patti we’ll catch you there then . patti walk back over to the car and hop in . the old man slam the boot of the car shut . suzie be already in the car , so too be joe and terry , as patti scoot in the side . 20 . int '' suziex car early afternoon 20 . the old man lean into the window and demand payment . old man checked the oil . it 's fine . that’ll be twenty buck . suzie fumble for she purse and hand he twenty dollar . old man thanking you . have fun kid , and god bless . terry thanks man . suzie see ya . 21 . ext '' petrol station early afternoon 21 . the car drive off . the old mamn stand by one of the pump watch they drive up the road . 21 . cont’d 21 . old man Young modern freak , just what the doctor order . 22 . ext '' on the road to merryvale early afternoon 22 . the car turn right at the main round -about . 23 . ext '' on the road to merryvale early afternoon 23 . they follow the sign point to merryvale , and turn off at the old merryvale Road . the car drive up the road , it be narrow and quite old , pothole regularly line it . suzie '' S car be lead the way . 24 . int '' suziex car early afternoon 24 . suzie be drive along , admire the spectacular scenery and countryside lining the road . she seem a bit lose in the beauty of it all . patti look out the window next to she . terry be chill in the back , and joe be lean between the seat flirt with the girl . joe so any of you have a threesome ? patti blushes at the concept . suzie grin to herself hide something . patti you’re deprave ! joe no I ’m not . you’re repress . suzie Girls do n’t think about that stuff , like boy do . 24 . cont’d 24 . joe bullshit they laugh in disbelief at joe' claim . patti ( laugh sarcastically ) you boy have no idea . joe look I read about it in cleo . terry ( from behind ) do n’t listen to he girl . suzie do n’t take notice , as she look around at the amazing landscape , sunlight beam through the cabin . suzie this be wonderful . joe just like a threesome ! patti will you shut up ! what suzie do n’t notice , but joe do , be a old utility truck head for they head - on at high speed . joe fucken '' look out !!!!! suzie scream as she swerve and brake hard . everyone scream as the car skid . 25 . ext - old merryvale road early afternoon 25 . suzie’ S car swerve off the road , and grind to a skid halt , cause dust and stone to fly everywhere . georgeus car skid to a stop not too far behind . there be the sound of a blaring horn . the utility pull up a bit further down the road and wait there . 26 . ext '' old merryvale road early afternoon 26 . GEORGE run out of he car , and check to see that suzie and the other be alright . the utility be still wait there , a bit up the road , idling its engine . 27 . ext / int '' suziex car early afternoon 27 . suzie be at the wheel shaking , the other be shake too . suzie I can n’t believe .. terry you ok . patti ? patti Fine . joe Fucking sick cunt ! GEORGE tap on the window . suzie wind it down . GEORGE you okay ? suzie ( panting ) yeah . I ’m alright . both of they be startle by voice in the background . it 's the passenger of the utility , stand by the cabin . they can n’t make out exactly what the person look like . there look to be a big 27 . cont’d 27 . burly woman in the driver seat . figure fuck off and die !! the figure raise a finger at they . get back in the utility and it drive off . GEORGE ( yell back ) get fuck ! GEORGE turn back to suzie , he seem a bit shook up too , but be try hard to compose himself . GEORGE it 's okay . redneck be part of the scenery . suzie nod and smile , as she catch she breath . GEORGE along with kangaroos and dingo and all the other ucute thing that live out here . suzie smile at he , but do n’t feel confident . he give she a reassure tap , as she start up the car . 28 . ext '' merryvale road mid - afternoon 28 . the convoy soon arrive at merryvale , which be n’t really a town , rather just a small convenience store , which double as a petrol station as well . there be a few little cottage around the place , but generally the place be dead . the convoy turn off a little dirt road , suzie’ S car be in front , as the two car amble slowly up the bumpy , pothole fill road . 29 . int '' suziex car mid - afternoon 29 . there be still music play in the car , though everyone seem a little shake and tired . terry do n’t worry too much about that loser back there . suzie I should have watch the road more , but they reaction be shocking . patti redneck like conflict . remember pauline hanson '' ( mock voice ) '' I do n’t like it’ . joe fuck pauline hanson ! terry just relax , anyway it 's a bit more hippy and friendly out here . or so I ’m tell terry be distract by two feral type walk along the side of the dirt road . one of they be male , skinny and dirty . the other be female , overweight with she hair in braid . suzie toot and wave at they and they vaguely wave back . both of the feral watch as the two car pass they . terry ( smile and point ) like there ! the place be full of they . which mean it should n’t be hard for we to score tonite . patti I hope so ! I mean what else be we gonna do , play bongo ? 29 . cont’d 29 . joe feral be full of shit ! terry ( ribbing joe ) c’mon man ! think positive ! joe they’re all compulsive bullshitter . they’re more likely to scam you for drug , that get they for you . terry whatever you say , expert ! they keep drive along , when terry notice the front gate to he parent property . he point be out to suzie . terry that’s it . let I get out and open it . suzie cool patti finally ! I ’m knacker ! suzie stop the car , terry hop out . 30 . ext '' front gate mid afternoon 30 . terry fiddle with a lock , and open the front gate of the property , swinging it open . suzie’ S car drive through , then georgeus car pass he , the window wound down and pump techno blaring out of it . 30 . cont’d 30 . GEORGE this be the jungle ! Rockin ! his car pass and terry tap the boot . he close the gate . 31 . ext '' the a-frame mid - afternoon 31 . the car pull up in a clear . there be thick scrub and forest all around they , and the roadway be basically a lumpy dirt track . before they be Terry 's parent holiday house . it 's a big , comfortable look a-frame , blend exquisitely into its surround . there be stair lead to a big porch , which overlook the hill and surround fauna . techno be still pump out of george’ S car , before he switch it off , the awesome tranquility of the countryside quickly absorb they . patti and suzie hop out of they car , and instantly affect by they surround , hug each other in happiness . patti we’re here - yay ! suzie this be great . joe stumble out of the car , and seem to be a bit overwhelm by he surroundings . joe awesome ! meanwhile , geroge and jess have leave they car , bag in hand , and thuy step out , a huge smile on she face . thuy wow ! this be unreal ! terry look over at she , and notice she change in mood , smile tenderly at she . she notice this , and hesitatingly smile back . GEORGE tap she on the shoulder , break she out of she dreamy state . terry notice this , and GEORGE give he a cheesy smile , then shake he head in bewilderment , know reconciliation be not far away . GEORGE be hold thuy sleep bag . 31 . cont’d 31 . geroge you forget this , drongo . GEORGE hand thuy she sleep bag . thuy this place be wonderful . geroge it 's ok . thuy elbow GEORGE playfully as they walk toward the a - Frame . 32 . int / ext '' a-frame porch mid - afternoon 32 . terry be at the front porch , fumble with the lock of the front slide window / door , before it finally give way , he slide it open . he walk inside , it 's dark , and un-inhabited , but generally clean . he walk into the main room , and open some curtain , as suzie and patti walk in , and quickly dump they stuff and plop on some couch . terry open the rest of the curtain , as GEORGE , thuy and jess walk in , drop they stuff , and generally check the place out . joe be last inside . joe this place be choice ! patti it 's unreal ! she run up and give terry a friendly hug . patti I love it ! thuy do n’t say anything , but appear embarrassed , as she be impressed , but do n’t want to admit it . GEORGE what do you think , Thuy ? 32 . cont’d 32 . thuy be reluctant . she try to appear aloof and indifferent , but it do n’t seem to work . thuy it 's very nice . I ’m sort of glad I come . GEORGE raise he eyebrow at terry , and give he a ‘told you so’ type look . jess walk over to the stereo system , and try to start it up . there 's no power . jess where 's the juice ? terry generator . anyone want to give I a hand ? GEORGE get up and walk over to terry . GEORGE i’ll do it . both of they leave the room . 33 . ext '' a-frame mid afternoon 33 . GEORGE and terry walk down the step , and walk behind the a - Frame and up into the forest . 34 . ext '' nearby forest mid - afternoon 34 . GEORGE and terry be walk together , there be scrub and thick forest all around they as they walk toward the generator , which be fifty metre away from the a - Frame . GEORGE it 's a great place . thanks for invite I . 34 . cont’d 34 . terry no worry . GEORGE I think Thuy want to get back with you . terry I do n’t know . she 's be a total difficult bitch the whole time so far . george you should make more of a effort . you watch . things’ll turn out alright . terry smile hopefully , as they arrive at the generator . terry open the fuel nozzle , and be pleased to find it full of petrol . he fumble with the starter , try to get the thing go , but have trouble . terry fuck ! GEORGE let I try . terry stand aside and let GEORGE have a go . GEORGE start it first go , as the generator sputter a little and then zip into life , make a godawful racket . GEORGE look at he , smile . GEORGE maybe you should take up gym . terry laugh . they start to walk back towards the a - Frame . terry put he arm around GEORGE terry hey bud I want to thank you for everything . ok . 34 . cont’d 34 . GEORGE sure . just enjoy the night . we’re gonna have one hell of a party . terry yo ! they both head back to the a - Frame , happy . 35 . int '' binocular view mid afternoon 35 . there be a binocular point-of-view . someone be watch the a-frame . the binocular be follow GEORGE and terry , watch they come from around the back , and walk up to the stair to the a - Frame . the watcher see two beautiful young girl walk out onto the porch to greet the two boy . then all of they head back into the a - Frame . there be the distant sound of a ‘doof- doof’ beat , which mean whoever be watch they be n’t far away . watcher look like there 's gonna be a party tonite ! 36 . int '' a - Frame tv room mid afternoon 36 . jess have manage to fire up the stereo unit , there be the steady pulse of techno music . everyone seem to have pack away they gear . joe be sit back on one of the couch roll a joint . jess take a position in the middle of the room and start groove to the music . suzie see this and walk over to join she . they be both smile as they dance to the music , enjoy themselves . joe finally get the joint finish and put it behind he ear . he get up and go over to the kitchen . he start to sift through all the cupboard until he find he booty . joe fuckin’ bonus . he take a dusty , but unopen bottle of cheap vodka from out of the cupboard . blow the dust off and inspect the label . he get some glass , and take they over to the main room . 36 . cont’d 36 . joe well I guess we can get start . 37 . ext '' a-frame balcony mid afternoon 37 . patti and thuy be on the balcony . thuy be lean against the railing at the end of the a - Frame , which overlook the forest below . the sun be stream through , both of they seem relaxed and in awe of they surroundings . the rest of the party be inside , music pump through . patti so what do you think of this place ? thuy it 's great ! this hill be beautiful ! patti yeah . it 's good to get out of town every now and again . it 's so nice of Terry . thuy do n’t answer . she look out at the hill , try to pass off patti '' S comment . patti you’re not over he be you ? thuy why be everyone .. patti it 's obvious . patti look at she , try to penetrate she feeling . 37 . cont’d 37 . patti I go out with he for three year . he do n’t mean it . thuy look . patti sorry , I ’ll leave you alone . thuy ok , I admit it . I ’m not over he . patti look at she , smile , but she let thuy finish . thuy he be such a fuck arsehole . I mean , be n’t I enough ? patti it 's he upbringing , heus always have it easy . he do n’t know any better .. thuy that 's bullshit ! ( beat ) he really hurt I . he 's get to prove himself to I if he want I back . patti be n’t he do that now ? thuy it 's not enough . he have to have the gut to tell I himself . he 's be too gutless so far .. patti that 's sound fair . but do n’t 37 . cont’d 37 . .. get too work up . we should all just make up and get along , and enjoy ! patti put she arm around thuy have give she a friendly hug , thuy lean she head into she shoulder and smile , crocodile tear welling up in she eye , when there be a crash onto the balcony , frightening both of they . its joe , half way to inebriation , the bottle of vodka in he hand half empty . joe hey girl ! join the party ! joe give patti the eye , thuy notice this and stick she finger in she mouth , simulate a puke . patti and thuy both share a giggle . joe notice this . joe good on you , you prude ! patti awwwww ! terry walk out , behind joe , there 's still music pump out from inside . he notice thuy and she notice he , they share a smile between each other for the first time . patti see this and smile . terry hey .. umm .. could you all come inside , we have to get organize for this evening . joe and terry disappear inside , the girl follow . 38 . int '' a-frame tv room mid afternoon 38 . GEORGE be sit down on one of the couch , talk with suzie , as both of they share a drink . the room be smoky and everyone inside seem stone . patti and thuy both take a seat on another couch , and jess turn down the music a little and skip over to join they . joe plop down on a bean bag , as terry address everyone . 38 . cont’d 38 . terry I ’ve get some good news and some bad news . everyone aaaaawwww !! terry ok . ok . the bad news be we get no ammo for the evening . suzie no eccy ? teery nope . we get half a bud of skunk and that 's it ? joe what about Dr. George over there ? GEORGE everyone’s go to sydeny for mardi gras . joe ( sarcastically ) what sort of fag be ya ? GEORGE nonchalantly give he the finger . GEORGE someone’s desperate . terry ok boy . enough of the bitching . patti ( mockingly ) they’re like two 38 . cont’d 38 . .. little girl . terry ok , everyone settle ? joe look at GEORGE , and fall silent . he look back at terry and nod . terry good . anyway , the good news be that we have a good chance of scoring gear from some local . that freak on the way .. joe Spot on ! thuy can you trust they ? terry we really do n’t have much to lose . it 's three now , we have until susnset to try and connect . it should be ok . suzie who 's gonna go ? terry look at joe and GEORGE . they both look at each other , although joe recoil in mock terror . GEORGE it 's ok sweetie , you’re not my type anyway . joe ( sighing in relief ) gosh ! I ’m reject ! I ’m devastate ! 38 . cont’d 38 . GEORGE get up to leave . he look around at everyone . geroge money ? terry oh yeah . I reckon about 20 each should be enough . they all reach into they bag or pocket or whatever , and pick out whatever cash they can rummage together . pretty soon there be a collection of about one hundred dollar . terry hand it to GEORGE who pocket it . he look over at joe . GEORGE well come on sunshine , move that virgin arse of yours . joe ( clueless ) I ? GEORGE no , tinkerbell . terry look at joe , he get up , and clumsily follow GEORGE . terry be leave in the a -frame with the four girl . joe ( in mock terminator voice ) ah will be bark ! 39 . ext '' merryvale store late afternoon 39 . GEORGE and joe arrive in georgeus car at the merryvale local store . it 's a small ranch - style wooden building with two fuel pump in the front . the two feral that they pass earlier be linger out the front . the feral give they weird , stone smile . this unnerve joe a little , joe merely discount they presence . the two of they walk through the flimsy fly - wire door . Inside there be a two row of shelf , sparsely stack with 39 . cont’d 39 . .. assort grocery item , there be a fridge stock milk , juice , softdrink , beer , and a unattend counter , with a bell . GEORGE hit it . there be no answer . GEORGE ( to joe ) what they’re still asleep ! a weatherbeaten man in he mid-forty walk out from the back room . he look like a ex-junkie . he give GEORGE a weary smile , catch he off guard . grocer you right ? geroge sorry . I be wonder if you have any cigarettes . the grocer look over he shoulder and point at the wall of cigarettes behind he . grocer whatever you want . GEORGE dunhill . White . the grocer almost instantly find the brand , and flip it to GEORGE on the counter . joe be stand behind GEORGE look a bit nervous . grocer eight-fifty thanks . GEORGE fumble in he pocket and hand the grocer a tenner . joe whisper in georgeus ear as the grocer have turn around to get change . 39 . cont’d 39 . joe you reckon ? GEORGE shake he head for a ‘no’ . he give the grocer a cheesy grin as he turn around . grocer dollar fifty change . GEORGE ta . take it easy bud . the grocer give he a whither smile , and walk back into the back room . GEORGE and joe leave the store , but on the way out , joe be nudging GEORGE for some info . joe who be we gonna ask ? geroge shrug at he , and keep walk out the swinging door . 40 . ext '' front of merryvale store late afternoon 40 . in what seem like perfect syncronicity , they both spot the two feral from before . they be bum right near the door . GEORGE smile at joe , answer he question . joe look back at they , not sure what to do . one of the feral be male , skinny and shabbily dress , he have what look like a sharpen crayon stub pierce he ear in some weird kind of modern primitive style . his head be shave , except for little peroxide tail at the back of he head , he eye be screwey and wild . the female with he be overweight . her hair be plait into two pony tail . she be wear colourful rave - type overall , and be smile at they in a overly cheerful way , however it be a force cheeriness . she 's also miss a front tooth . GEORGE look at both of they , and give they a cheesy smile and peacemake wave . joe ( meekly ) hi. the female , who be call lucy in the sky with diamond , snicker at he . 40 . cont’d 40 . lucy g’day . ( beat ) joe you guy from around here ? the male , feral fred , point over to the distance . fred just up the road . joe nod he head and give they a know look . GEORGE nudge he to get on with it . joe so yeah . be there many people down this weekend ? lucy no . joe I guess its not the right time of year ? lucy I dunno . joe you would n’t know if there’s any ‘doofs’ go on tonite ? fred I think you miss out bud . lucy seem to be get weary , and sense that the guy be after something . lucy so what be you guy here for .. 40 . cont’d 40 . joe oh you know .. GEORGE a party , which we’ve get to go to . but my friend here want to ask you for something . joe glare at GEORGE as GEORGE suddenly grab he arm to leave . joe could you just come with we for a sec , we’ve get to ask you something .. GEORGE start walk to the car . joe follow he and motion for the feral to follow . they do , stop at a log-chair near the car , and out of hearing distance from the store . 41 . int '' merryvale store late afternoon 41 . the grocer be stand by the door of he shop . he 's look through the flywire door , watch the feral and GEORGE and joe talk by the car . someone call out behind he . grocers wife what 's happen Jeff ? grocer oh just have some tourist . they’re talk to that two freak . grocerus wife what that new people ? the grocer nod he head , he continue look out the door , watch intently . 41 . cont’d 41. grocer I do n’t know . there 's something a bit wrong with that people . I do n’t know . he keep look at they out the door . 42 . ext '' front of store late afternoon 42 . the feral be both lean on the log-chair out the front of the store , near the main road . GEORGE 's car be right nearby . joe be interrogate they , as GEORGE open he ciggy and light one up . he take a puff . joe you would n’t know where to get any gear ? lucy snicker and look quizzically back at fred , before look back at joe . lucy gear ? joe you know . gear ? ( spelling it out ) drug . lucy laugh sarcastically , then give joe a mean , know look straight in the eye , before smile , sinisterly . lucy ( grin ) ohhhhhh ! gear .. drug ! she look over at fred , who snicker back . lucy sure. ( beat ) we can get you whatever you want . 42 . cont’d 42 . joe look at GEORGE , and GEORGE nod back he appreciation '' tentatively . joe cool . fred you get to give we a lift to get the stuff . joe sure , no drama . 42 . int '' george’s car late afternoon 42 . GEORGE be at the wheel of the car . joe be next to he . lucy and fred be in the back seat . fred be lean between the two of they point the direction . fred we’re just up this way . he’s point up the dirt road . joe reel a little from the pungent smell of fred , as GEORGE recognize the road . GEORGE hey , you’re right near we . fred look over he shoulder at lucy , who smile knowingly at he , as if they share some common knowledge . the boy do n’t notice this . fred that 's good to know . haha . we’re neighbour . he turn around to lucy again . 42 . cont’d 42 . fred neighbour ! ( in mock signing tone ) '' everybody need good neighbour , with a little understanding '' . haha ! GEORGE and joe do n’t seem to want to share the joke . GEORGE continue drive , and glance at the gate of terry’ S parent place . lucy notice this . joe pull out he mobile phone and start to dial . 43 . int '' a-frame tv room late afternoon 43 . there be pump techno fill the room , which be by now fill with smoke . thuy be sip a drink and be in a conversation with patti . jess and suzie be dance together , and terry be lamely try to join in , when he mobile ring . he answer it . terry yeah . thuy , who be by now a little drunk , approach he with uncharacteristic cheer , and give he a tickle - pinch in the waist . he recoil , and playfully shrug she off , as he continue to into the phone . terry where be ya ? 44 . int '' georgeus car late afternoon 44 . joe be on he mobile talk . the feral be grin and joke amongst themselves in the back seat joe you will n’t believe it joe look out the car window to try and gain some sort of bear . he see a dim light in the distance , the forest around they be thick and disorient . 44 . cont’d 44 . joe but we’re scoring drug practically right next door to you place ! 45 . int '' a-frame tv room late afternoon 45 . terry be still on the phone , heus beam from the good news . terry fuckin’ no way ! 46 . int '' georgeus car twilight 46 . joe be still on the phone , as fred lean forward and point out the final direction , somewhere for GEORGE to park . joe we’re pull up now . see you in about half - a . joe switch off the mobile and put it in he pocket . 47 . int '' a-frame tv room twilight 47 . by now , patti have join thuy , and have she arm around she waist . the girl seem playful , even a little horny , as the techno music pound on . terry switch off he mobile , and be elate . terry they fuckin’ score ! patti woo-hoo ! thuy what do they get ? 47 . cont’d 47 . terry not sure . but it sound good . patti yeah ! patti take terry by the hand over to the middle of the room , as jess turn the music up full bore . the mesmerize sound take over all they sense . thuy be linger nearby , she want to get closer to terry '' in fact all the girl do '' as jess walk over to dance as well , she hand he the bottle , he take a big gulp , then pass it to suzie . terry let party ! the music skip a beat , and terry use this to make he move on thuy , she be still stand near he , smile , wait . he boogy a bit with patti , then move over to jess , who jokingly shrug he off , before he approach thuy . he look she up and down , and she just smile back at he , innocent again , all they conflict seem resolve in this moment , as terry swivel he hip and groove to the rhythm , thuy follow , the music bring they together . patti ( whisper to jess ) look ! he’s all over she ! this be unbelievable jess no. predictable . patti I ’m so glad for they . jess grab patti , and start to do a funky erotic dance with she , as terry put he hand around thuy , and tentatively kiss she . she giggle , and kiss he back . he kiss she again , and in a instant , they be all over each other , tongue flail , hand all over - squeezing , fondle , rub . teenage lust have re-ignite . suzie keep sip from the bottle of grog she have , and take a puff off she ciggie , enjoy the moment . jess notice , and grab patti , point at they . they both laugh , as the techno 47 . cont’d 47 . .. pound away . 48 . ext '' the front of '' the house '' twilight 48 . joe be already follow lucy and fred to the house , as GEORGE lock he car behind they . he quickly jog up to joe to catch up with he . the house be double story and be strange and old . it 's definitely see better day . there be hulk of break down car in the filthy overgrown garden in front of it . GEORGE elbow joe , and point to something . joe look over , and see marijuana and opium plant grow wild in the garden , joe smile , but GEORGE do n’t seem too impressed . GEORGE ( to the feral ) we can n’t stay too long , we’ve get a party . lucy that 's alright . be it in the area ? GEORGE ( laugh ) we’re about a five minute walk through that tree . lucy cool . maybe we can come a bit later and show youse a good time ? joe nudge geroge discreetly and give he a stern look . he do n’t want this loser at the party . geroge ah. whatever . see what happen fred yeah , right . lucy shut up Fred , they’re try to be friendly . 48 . cont’d 48 . lucy give fred a mean look . lucy it 's ok . he’s get a few personality disorder . just ignore he . lucy give he a swipe . lucy do n’t ya stupid ? joe and geroge look at each other a bit concerned with lucy 's sudden bizarre turn of behavior , but follow they anyway , since scoring drug be always a risky endeavor . joe ( quietly ) see that ? that 's suss . GEORGE it be you idea . joe whatever . let just make this quick . they follow lucy and fred up the front patio stair of the house , and in through the dark front door . 49 . int '' hallway of '' the house '' twilight 49 . GEORGE and joe be follow lucy and fred through the hallway . there be a door to they extreme right , which seem bolt shut . the hallway be dingy and unkept , at the end of the hall be a door which look reinforce . lucy notice they look at it . 49 . contud 49 . lucy that 's just the security door '' for burglar and shit . GEORGE and joe look back at she strangely . lucy open a door to she leave . lucy just come through here . lucy usher they into the room . fred disappear up the hallway . joe where 's he go ? lucy just to check if we uconnection '' be here . they walk into the room . 50 . int '' waiting room early evening 50 . GEORGE and joe be in what appear to be a disus doctork wait room . there be row of three chair parallel to each other against each wall , and a little coffee table between they . there be a whither Bird of paradise plant in the corner . on the coffee table be lot of tabloid magazine , and some '' psychology today’ magazine . lucy just take a seat boy . the boy go to sit down . GEORGE notice the magazine as he sit . GEORGE whous the shrink ? 50 . cont’d 50 . GEORGE pick up one of the '' psychology today '' journal , and look at lucy , look for a answer . lucy no-one . they’re just magazine . just have a seat , and we’ll fix you up for you drug . lucy seem a bit nervous . she bite some flesh from she thumb , then smile uneasily . lucy they’ll be with you in a sec , just wait here . and at that , lucy quickly step out of the room , close the door , and it clack shut . GEORGE lunge for the handle , but its lock . GEORGE hey ! joe join he , have a go , but its no use . he bang at the door . joe open this fucken door you feral cunt ! he bang the door once more , angrily , and walk across the room to a window , cursing . joe I can n’t believe I trust some fucken feral . fuck ! GEORGE try the door once more , but to no avail . he seem unnerve , but be do he best to remain calm . he sit down , and pick up one of the magazine , flick through it . GEORGE who read this shit ? 50 . cont’d 50 . joe look let count we loss and get out of here . I mean who be this fuckin’ mad cunt ? reading psychology magazine . they could be maniac for all we know . redneck . fuckin’ I do n’t know ! ( beat ) and besides , that cunt smell of piss . GEORGE just relax . I mean its always a risk scoring . let just wait a bit and .. joe fuck it . we ’ve get to get out of here . joe walk across the room , towards the door , when it suddenly open , startling he . geroge turn around and be startle as well as he see two man enter the room . one of they be huge , well over six foot tall , and fat . he 's dress as a woman and be wear a clown - like multi-coloured wig , in fact it 's hard to distinguish whether this guy be a clown or someone far more sinister . the other man be in he early 50us , he have a moustache , and he leave ear be pierce , he too wear a multicolor wig , but have a unnerve respectability about he . joe be terrify and rivete to the spot by the sight of this two . he look at the giant cross -dresser , and be terrify , shaking in he shoe like a little boy . GEORGE act quickly and get up , but before either of they can do anything , the older man come forward . man we’re not leave so soon be we ? joe be stunne , he shake he head in terror . GEORGE be n’t sure what to do , but regardless , the giant cross -dresser be block the door . man sorry to scare you . the old man take he wig off . he look surprisingly normal , 50 . cont’d 50 . .. respectable and well educate . man my name be smile - Doctor smile . smile hold out he hand , but joe and GEORGE do n’t know what to do , such be they terror . smile look at the cross-dresser , then back at the boy and smirk . smile sorry to frighten you with the wig . we be just role - play . smile point he thumb at the overweight cross -dresser at the door . smile ( beat ) that 's Jake - Gentle Jake . do n’t worry about he , heus harmless '' he could n’t hurt a fly . at this smile smirk in a completely unnerve manner '' joe and geroge do n’t seem to get the joke . smile notice joe 's fear , and quickly try to re-assure he . smile do n’t be so afraid . just sit down , and we can talk business . Joe relax a little , and look over at GEORGE , who relax too and tentatively sit down . joe do the same . smile S rub he hand together , in anticipation for business , and sit down next to GEORGE . GEORGE feel uncomfortable , and smile wiggle next to he get closer . jake walk into the room , and sit down on a chair , away from the other . joe ( abrubtly ) what 's with the fucken drag ? 50 . cont’d 50 . smile ( laugh ) so much anger for a young man ! but Jake would beg to differ with you - for he itus not ‘drag’ , rather a expression of he utrue self . and at that smile indiscreetly put he hand on george’ S thigh , and look he square in the eye , give he a pleasant smile . GEORGE frown back , feel extremely uncomfortable . GEORGE um . we’re here for drug . GEORGE look down at smile S hand , and then look away . smile take he hand away and blushes , but give he a wink for consolation . GEORGE ignore this and try to regain he composure . joe yeah . Party drug . not some fuckin’ poofy pick up . smile let out a sinister laugh and shake he head . he clap he hand together in a mock gesture of enjoyment . smile of course ! '' Party '' drug . I mean what drug be n’t for party ? you can even party on script drug too you know ? joe and GEORGE look at he strangely , not know what heus on about . joe be you .. smile do n’t talk . you two be probably think swhatk this crazy bastard on about’ . well I know a lot about drug - you 50 . cont’d 50 . .. know most anti-depressant have the same chemical componet as ‘party drugs’ you speed and ‘eccies’ - oh to be happy ! GEORGE be you say , you’re a doctor ? smile you could say . joe what sort ? smile a doctor . ( smile laugh to himself and mumble as if heus talk to himself ) I be a good doctor - a top doctor . ( beat ) a uexpert in my field . ( then suddenly he proclaim ) '' a bitch doctor ! and at that smile laugh maniacally . he look over at jake get he to join in he delight , he face beetroot red from the laughter . smile a bitch doctor ! get it , jake ? a bitch doctor ! jake guffaw with smile . he continue laugh , try to get joe and georgeus appreciation of he joke . smile hahahah !! a ‘bitch doctor’ boy . get it ? the boy do n’t laugh , smile laughter quickly stop , he look at 50 . cont’d 50 . .. they with scorn . smile you do n’t get it ? you want you drug ? ok - I ’ll get you you fuck drug ! jake ! smile swing he hand in command at jake . smile go to the spare room and get the bag of pill . jake nod and leave the room . smile smile wearily at joe and then at GEORGE . smile satisfied ? both of they nod in silence , not sure what to do . smile I make the stuff myself you know ? smile grin at GEORGE again , still try to flirt with he . geogre well I hope its good . smile the best ! smile give GEORGE a seductive look , not let he off for a minute . GEORGE look away , and eye joe , he want to get out quick too , heus feel extremely uncomfortable . suddenly jake enter the room , carry a glad-seal bag full of pill , and in he other hand a fresh syringe and vial of liquid . joe smile , and GEORGE relax a bit too , but notice the syringe . jake hand the pill to smile . smile examine they in the bag , admire he stash . 50 . cont’d 50 . smile Lovely . ( beat ) ecstasy . he wave the bag at the boy . smile this be real good shit . top stuff . joe well letus not stuff around . GEORGE how much ? smile hasty little bugger we be .. GEORGE no seriously - we do n’t have much time . we really have to go . smile I understand . ( pause ) thirty each . joe and GEORGE look at each other . smile look at they with a no-bullshit look . geroge nod to joe , and joe stand , fumble in he pocket for the cash , and accidentally pull out he mobile . smile you drop .. joe quickly pick it up and make to dial , it take smile a bit to notice this . 51 . ext '' patio of the a-frame night 51 . terry be sit with thuy the night be silent , star everywhere . it be a beautiful moment . terry look at she , she look back , smile and look at she foot . terry I like sit here with you . thuy yeah . terry no. I mean it . tonight have be special . there be silence between the two . thuy be wait for he to say something . terry look at she then look away . he 's try to spit it out , but seem conflict with emotion . terry look , I do n’t know how to say this any other way , or if you will accept it . but I want to say sorry . thuy yeah . terry no , I mean it . sorry . I mean it .. terry look at she , crocodile tear welling up in he eye . terry and I want to do anything to keep you happy . she look nonchalantly down at she foot dangle away . she look at he , and he be hold she gaze . he put he arm around she , and she submit , cuddle up to he . he get teary . when he mobile start to ring . 51 . cont’d 51 . terry shit . he take it out of he pocket , and the green light alert he to the number its show - joe’ S number . terry hey , it 's Joe ! but before he can answer , it mysteriously stop . startle both he and thuy . terry what ? he look at thuy , confuse . she look back and smile , she face a little teary . she shake she head dumbfounded . thuy they’re probably so stone . terry put he arm around she again and she snuggle up to he . 52 . int '' waiting room night 52 . smile get up and intercept joe dial he friend . smile you do n’t need to call anyone joe startle resist he , but smile glare at he , and for some strange reason , stop the call . smile .. we have n’t make the deal yet . joe look back at he , and smile give he a know smile . joe , who seem very nervous , but try to be cool at the same time , fall for the trick . 52 . cont’d 52 . joe shit. I forget . no drama . joe slowly pocket he mobile . he clumsily put the cash down on the table , smile take it , and quickly count it . he throw over the bag of pill , and joe gleefully pocket it . joe look over at GEORGE , they both know its time to go . joe cool . now let fuck out of here . before anyone can react , joe have leap out of he chair , and make a run for it out of the room . smile '' react swiftly . he push GEORGE awkwardly back on the chair , and pin he to it between he leg . GEORGE struggle with he , but he be too strong . smile do n’t seem worried , rather a gleeful excitement cross he face , as we hear joe scream from outside the room . joe get out of my fucken way you sickos ! smile ( to struggle GEORGE ) he’s not go anywhere . and neither be you . smile be pin GEORGE down , as GEORGE squirm and thrashes . smile now , now little poofy boy . the more you squirm , the hornier I get ! GEORGE you fuck up .. smile hush-hush , faggot ! most people would say that about type like you , in we ‘homophobic’ world . 52 . cont’d 52 . at which point smile laugh psychotically . he continue to pin GEORGE down , and seem to be dry-hump he the way heus get he pin between he leg . smile look over to jake who' still hold the syringe . he wave for he to bring it over , which give GEORGE a moment of freedom to punch smile in the stomach '' hard . smile aaarrgh ! you nasty little fag . smile punch he hard in the face a few time , as we hear GEORGE cry out in muffle agony . jake fix the syringe with the liquid and hurriedly hand it to smile . smile this will calm you , little fuck ! smile inject GEORGE with the syringe , as we hear he cry out in terror , smile hold he hand over he mouth . georgeus eye darting madly as smile inject he , he scream , try to fight the effect of the drug . there be still yell and a commotion go on in the hallway . smile order jake to investigate . smile fix the problem out there will you . 53 . int - hallway night 53 . joe be fight with lucy and fred . he 's punch fred , but lucy be tear at he clothes . he swing and hit she in the face . she keel over in pain , and fred jump at he . joe kick he in the nut , and punch he hard in the face , a sick crack , as fred cover he nose agony and fall over . joe lunge for the door , but it 's lock . panic be all over he face , as lucy get up scream at he like a craze banshee , scratch at he face . 54 . int '' a-frame night 54 . terry be lead thuy through the tv room by the hand . patti and jess be dance erotically together , both of they seem piss . suzie be sit on one of the couch , look drunk . techno be still pound through the room . 54 . cont’d 54 . patti woo-hoo. Lovers ! terry smile cheezily at she , as they continue through the room . patti have you hear anything from we ‘boys’ ? terry yeah . something weird . the phone ring . then it stop - weird . thuy ( smile ) they’ll get here . you know how they be ! patti yeah . fuckin’ Joe rudjovic - King slack arse ! patti laugh as she go over to jess . she put she arm , around she and they kiss , as they continue dance . terry and thuy continue on to the parent room . terry grab a candle and light it , as they continue on into the room . 55 . int '' a-frame parent bedroom night 55 . they enter the room in candlelight , and find the bed . thuy why do n’t you just use the light switch . terry ( smile ) imagination , girl . terry be fumble around the beside table on the double bed , look for more candle . 55 . cont’d 55 . terry there 's more around here somewhere .. terry keep fumble in the drawer . terry Choice ! found they ! he pull out three fat candle , he hand one to thuy , and light he . he let she light the one sheus hold , and the room be light with a romantic ambience . thuy smile appreciatively thuy good idea . but terry have better idea , as he wrap he hand around thuy 's waist , and draw she to he on the bed . they start kissing , tounge flay , hand slide over curve in horny , semi drunken lust . thuy mmmmmmm .. 56 . int '' waiting room night 56 . smile have the unconscious GEORGE laid out on the row of chair . he unzip GEORGE 's pants and slide they off . he be in total rapture snicker to himself , as he run he hand over GEORGE 's bare leg . he straighten up and unbuckle he pants . 57 . int '' hallway night 57 . joe manage to violently shrug off lucy , he turn , and run literally into the fat bulk belly of jake , who look down at he , he face a ugly mess of smear make - up , he wig on he head at a weird angle . terror be all over joe 's face , and in pure survival instinct , he kick jake hard in the nut . jake keel over in pain , but convert it into terrifying rage as he get up , scream like a wild dangerous animal . joe bolt up the other end of hallway , he foot clomping on the wooden floor , but there be no exit . jake bear down on he like a wild boar , and with incredible and horrific stength he grab joe and lift he over he head like 57 . cont’d 57 . ..a sack of potato . he turn around scream , spit spraying out of he mouth , joe above he head , thrashing around like a catch animal . in one swift move , jake bring joe down over he knee , break he back with a horrific '' crack '' . joe’ S body convulse on the floor . fred and lucy , look at jake in awe . fred be hold he bleed nose fred ( block nose ) nill the shithead . and at that jake bring he foot down on joe 's body , end the thrashing . 58 . int '' the wait room night 58 . smile be sodominse the unconscious GEORGE , when furious knock on the door interrupt he . smile hold on ! the knock persist , then stop as lucy barge into the room , turn on the light . lucy we kill the other fuckin she see smile get off geroge , quickly pull up he pants . lucy you dirty piece of .. smile now , now , enough of that repress .. she run over to hit he , he wave she off , the way a child wave off a overbearing mother . she hesitates , and watch he button up the top button of he pants like a little boy . she laugh at he . 58 . cont’d 58 . lucy you really be pathetic . smile cower shamefully . he blushes , then rub he face as he compose himself . lucy jakeus fix the other one . smile rub he face again , and suddenly he mood shift from ashamed child to assertive adult . smile well letus not waste time ! take he to the kitchen . lucy nod she head , and laugh at smile again as he compose himself . 59 . int '' kitchen night 59 . there be the sound of a electric knife carve into flesh . joe 's body be laid out on a large butcher table . jake pick up a piece of the flesh , and throw in into a oily fry pan . fred and lucy look on as smile be smile in glee . smile you know , child , the only urge stronger than the sexual urge be hunger . lucy good on you sigfreid fraud . freddy laugh like a idiot , and lucy laugh too , as jake carve off another piece of flesh , and lay in on the fry pan delicately . lucy you know , even if you be a filthy , sick pervert , I still think you’re a genius . 59 . cont’d 59 . smile I already know that '' but thanks anyway . lucy but you know , they should have lock you away for fuck that wench . if only they know you true nature . smile yeah , well be grateful you have I to look after you , provide food for you . lucy yeah right . she laugh at he again . smile walk over to a cupboard in the kitchen , and rummages around , finally find what heus after '' a pair of binocular . lucy and fred be eagerly watch jake cut more strip off joe 's body . there be blood and scrap of meat scattered on the floor . smile take he binocular and look out the window . 60 . int '' binocular view night 60 . the binocular scan the wood , and finally focus on some light . the view zoom in to a window . there be two pretty girl dance , another sit in the corner drink . smile lick he lip as he see this . 61 . int '' kitchen night 61 . smile put down he binocular and address he clan . smile letus party ! as the sound of ‘food’ sizzle behind he . 62 . int '' a-frame terry parent room night 62 . terry and thuy be really go for it now . thuy be on top of he . she 's stripped down to a tank top and white thong underwear . she 's grind she crotch onto terry , in fact she have he pin to the bed . thuy mmmmmm .. terry you feel so good . terry 's hand slide down over she back , a hand clutches she butt , and in a quick move he turn the table , flipping thuy onto she back . he spread she hand apart , pin she to the bed in a Jesus Christ pose , and start nuzzling at she neck , lick it , and move down to she breast , gently bite she stiffening nipple through the fabric of she tank - top . thuy resist , break free of he hold , she wrap she hand around he head look he passionately in the eye . thuy you’re one hot guy , Terry mckenna . and then sheus at he , tongue kissing he in fierce passion , before drop he , and fishing a condom out of she pocket . she throw it at he . thuy get dress ! 63 . int '' a-frame tv room night 63 . suzie be smashed on the couch , the bottle of vodka in she hand practically empty . the techno music be pound away , and jess and patti have both take they top of and be dance in they bras . patti have a black lacy one , jess be wear a see-thru ck tank top . suzie be a mess , she get up , and wobble across the makeshift dancefloor . jess uh-oh .. 63 . cont’d 63 . suzie I ’m gonna spew . Quick suzie stumble through a door . 64 . int '' a-frame '' bathroom night 64 . suzie turn on the light in the bathroom , splash white glare into she eye . she lunge for the toilet , flip up the lid , and vomit loud and hard . she continue to dry-retch , expel the last of the bitter alcohol , when she think sheus hear knock . she rub she forehead , and massage she temple , think it 's she head . she take a breath , and go over to the sink to wash she face . the sound be real - the knock continue . she wipe she face clean . 65 . int '' a-frame tv room night 65 . suzie barge into the room , which be still pound with techno music . she try to get the attention of jess and patti , but instead walk over to the stereo system , and turn down the music . patti hey ! suzie someone’s knock , can n’t you hear it . there be silence for a moment . patti look back at suzie angrily , but then it start , constant knock . jess who 's gonna get it . 66 . int '' a-frame parent room night 66 . terry be about to mount thuy , when there be knock at the door to the room . 66 . cont’d 66 . terry fuck ! he roll off thuy , and put on some pants . the knock continue . terry yeah , yeah . he open the door , and its suzie , sheus a mess , she see thuy cover herself in the background , then look back at terry . suzie sorry . terry what . suzie I think there 's someone at the front door . terry why do n’t you get it ? suzie well its you .. terry whatever . he put on a shirt , and angrily brushes past suzie . 67 . int '' a-frame front door . night 67 . terry approach the door , as the knock continue . terry I wonder where the guy be ? 67 . cont’d 67 . he look at he watch . it show 10 pm . he switch on the front light , and see the silhouette of someone at the door . he unlock it , and open it , and be startle to see lucy stand there , smile at he , she miss tooth obvious in its absence . lucy hi. terry ah..hi. she stick out she hand to shake , terry reluctantly take it . lucy my name Lucy . I just live next door . terry right . lucy I hear all the doof , and just think to tell youse all that there 's a huge rave go on next door . terry why do n’t you come in . she smile at he again , as she step inside . 68 . int '' a-frame tv room night 68 . lucy enter the room , and give she toothy grin to the girl . the girl look at she as if she be a sideshow freak . lucy pick up the negative vibe . she smile again , but uncomfortably . lucy my nameus Lucy . 68 . cont’d 68 . terry she 's we ‘neighbour’ . lucy find a seat and sit down . she look at patti and suzie in a sinister way that unnerve both of they . she know sheus freaking everyone out , but she do n’t seem faze by it . lucy we’re have a huge rave next door . there 's about 200 people from the area . jess no- one tell we . lucy that 's why I come here . we’re a community around here , everyone know what the other person be do . you know ? everyone help everyone else out . you know . not like in the city , where youse all fuck each other over . suzie hey , we come in peace . lucy we have unreal party here . you know , lot of drug . choof , and , and great mushroom . I even bring some . she take out some dirty black mushroom from she hemp bag . and show they to she curious audience , craving they acceptance . jess cool . you have n’t see two guy around have you ? one with short blonde hair . trendy look . the other black hair , little bum fluff beard 68 . cont’d 68 . lucy do they drive a japanese car ? a red one . jess yes ! lucy ( awkwardly ) they’re at we place .. patti I can n’t believe this ! suzie ( shaking she head ) typical . patti can you believe it ? thuy enter the room sheepishly , sheus dress , and she smile at lucy . terry look over at she . terry well we miss person be find . thuy what happen ? terry they’re over party next door - believe it not '' at some doof . jess we should go get ‘em . terry hang on I ’ll try they mobile . 68 . cont’d 68. lucy look at he , and then smile as if nothing wrong . he ring the number , wait for it to answer . nothing happen . terry can you believe it ? they turn it off . patti well we’ve get no choice .. terry i’ll go . which of you want to come . patti I want to kick that joeus arse .. terry ok . patti and .. he look at jess , who nod she head . terry suze you’re in no condition , Thuy will look after you here . i’ll leave the mobile with you . he give it to thuy , and look at she . terry we’ll be back soon . he give she a peck on the lip . terry promise . thuy smile cheekily at he and give he a wink . he blow she a 68 . cont’d 68 . .. kiss and turn to leave . lucy get up to leave , and jess and patti follow she through the slide glass door into the night . terry be the last one , wave goodbye to he beloved thuy . 69 . ext '' forest night 69 . lucy be at the head of the pack follow by jess , patti and terry . they be walk through dark forest , lucy have a torch and be guide they through the darkness . lucy I ’m so glad youse be come to the doof ! you’ll have a great time , I promise you . last time everyone be fuck trippind and we have a huge feast and bonfire . terry sound wild . lucy it be more than wild . jess do n’t seem to agree , as she awkwardly trudge over a fall tree and catch up with lucy , as patti and terry follow behind she . jess I do n’t like feral . lucy what 's wrong with feral ? jess most of they a liar . lucy I think you do n’t know what you’re talk about . 69 . cont’d 69 . jess I know . I go out with one . two actually . both of they stink . both of they be liar lucy well fucken’ do n’t come then ! jess hey relax . it 's just my opinion . patti jess . patti look over at lucy to offer she consolation and diffuse the situation . patti she 's just ribbing ya . do n’t take it personally . lucy yeah , well she can keep she fucken attitude to herself . terry can we get to this doof , then ? lucy look back at they and smile , but give jess a sneer before continue . lucy ok . he , we’re not far . jess yeah , but where 's the doof ? they keep walk through the darkness . 70 . ext '' forest / grounds of '' the house '' night 70 . they continue to amble through the hill when terry notice coloured light sparkling through the tree . terry look ! jess where . patti wow ! how eerie . lucy we’re pratically there , just through this clear .. lucy guide they through some branch , and pretty soon they emerge from the forest into the grounds of ‘the house . there be junk and break down car littering the grounds . the house be surround by string of coloured light give it a bizarre ambience , like a huge circus tent . patti notice georgeus car . she point to it , show the other . patti look . they’re here ! jess typical . terry smell something , and look up and see smoke emerge from the chimney on the roof . terry what 's the smell ? ( sniff ) smell like roasting pork .. lucy answer he awkwardly . lucy it 's we chef . he 's cooking up 70 . cont’d 70 . .. some dinner for the feast . everyone’s inside .. they’re probably eat . patti pretty quiet for a doof . jess ( sarcastically ) yeah . pretty ‘wild’ . lucy trust I , you’ll have the time of you life .. lucy guide they to the front door . 71 . ext '' front door house night 71 . suddenly from nowhere there be the sound of a obscure 50 's song blaring from the house . the insane , high energy scream of j’ok startle the modern young kid , who be expect ‘doof’ . jess what 's this rock no roll bullshit ? lucy see ? Party music . jess ( quietly to Terry ) I do n’t like this at all . lucy knock on the door and wait . from inside can be hear the whining sound of a old lady over the music . the kid look at each other in surprise , when the door be answer by a creepy look old lady . 71 . cont’d 71 . lady what take you so long ? lucy I bring some friend to we party . lady oh sorry . the lady look at they , and smile . lady well , come in . they enter . 72 . int '' hallway house night 72 . the '' lady '' be show they into the house . the kid seem a little creepe by it as they follow she . the rock no roll be still blast from a room somewhere . lucy talk . lucy the old lady be Sheila smile , '' the old grand mother goddess of the hills’ . sheila turn around and smile at the kid as they follow she . patti so we friend be here ? sheila yes . they’re fine . I think the young chap party a bit too hard . they’re upstairs watch tv . jess what 's with the bullshit rock 72 . cont’d 72 . ..n’ roll ? sheila do n’t take too kindly to jess '' S comment . sheila bullshit ? what would you know , you young .. ( with disgust ) punkette ? jess more than you . sheila’s face turn red as she respond to jess '' S rudeness . sheila of course ! idiot like you would n’t know the difference between real music and the sound of pig fuck ! the kid look back at she startle . even lucy be startle . sheila notice this and suddenly change she mood . sheila hehe .. sorry to have scared you . I ’m get on a bit . I forget to take my tablet . maybe I should turn that music down . the kid be startle , not sure what be go on . sheila walk down the hallway and enter a room . lucy do n’t worry , sheus just a cranky old lady . there be the muffle sound of sheila yell at someone . sheila you stupid fuckin clod ! it 's enough you fuck up already , 72 . cont’d 72 . .. you fuckup ! terry look at patti who seem worried , jess be creepe out by the strange behavior as well . lucy notice this and give they a nervous , toothless grin . suddenly the music be switch off , and the sound of someone get beat be hear from the other room . there 's some whimper . sheila you stupid fuckin’ moron ! you get what you deserve ! one last thud be hear . lucy do n’t take she too seriously . terry look we just want to get we mate and go . lucy be nervous , not sure how to handle the situation . lucy they’re here , its ok . sheila emerge from the room , cursing . sheila fucken kid , do n’t even know why I fucken have they in the first .. sheila look up and notice everyone watch she , she change she tune . sheila place . patti look , where be we friend ? 72 . cont’d 72 . sheila they’re here . ok . they’re just watch television . sheila point down the hallway . terry ( laugh ) fucken typical . terry start down the hallway , as patti skip quickly behind he , catch up . she intercept the door before he , and grab the door knob . patti let I surprise they . jess meet they . there be the cheesy sound of a tv emanate from inside . patti they’re probably so stone anyway . she open the door . 73 . int '' tv room night 73 . the sound of the tv be louder as they walk inside . the room be dark the only light come from the tv . terry switch the light on , and there be someone in the chair in front of the tv . patti good on you boy , leave the party and get too waste to come .. patti be smile as she walk up to the chair , expect to see she friend , when she notice whatk in the chair , she be speechless . 73 . cont’d 73 . patti no . this be n’t . terry what 's the matter ? patti be shaking in disbelief , speechless as terry walk up to the chair , swiveling it around in the chair be georgeus corpse , a huge grin on he face , he eye pin and wide open , a syringe jabbe deep into he arm , which have go a dark purple colour . terry I do n’t understand . he look over at patti who seem to have go catatonic , jess be in the room , not understanding what go on , when she notice the body , and freak out . jess aaaaaaaaahhhhhhh !!! it 's all become too much for patti , who in a delirium , faint . terry look over at jess , tear welling up in he eye , he can n’t understand the motiveless madness , and to make it all worse , fred barge into the room , he eye wild , he bloody nose tape up , a huge oaf with a wig be next to he , its jake . fred grab jess , she fight with he , but he overpower she , grab she in a vicious headlock . jake have grab terry in a bearhug , but he be of no match to he incredible strength . he have he hand over terry’ S mouth , terry be snort , in terror , try to breathe , snot fling out of he nose . sheila enter the room , but she voice have change . sheila good , you get they . sheila walk up to terry terrify face and laugh crazily . she rip off she wig and smear she make up '' its smile ! he give terry a craze expression , and laugh 73 . contud 73. smile ha-ha ! sucked in ! terry and jess be drag out of the room , as smile walk over to the unconscious patti , he pick she up and carry she out . 74 . int '' smile bedroom night 74 . smile be carry the unconscious patti . smile flop she out on he bed . he go over to a cabinet , and take out a syringe , fill it with some chemical , and go back to patti . he fix she with the syringe . he rip open she shirt revealing she breast , and he rub he hand over they . smile I ’m such a fuck sexy guy . mmmmmmmm . he bend down and start to kiss she nipple . her body be completely limp . he rip off the rest of she clothes , and unzip he pants and mount she . we see he room in great detail . there be degree and doctorate certificate all over the wall for he study in psychiatry . there be old photograph of he in young day , as well as certificate for outstanding work in various mental disorder . there be other thing , not so noble - syringe littering the desk , bottle of drug , and sexual aid , we hear he groan away on patti as he rape she , when suddenly he door be kick open . he 's startle and look up to see lucy , he fumble to get he pants buttone up . lucy you dirty sick fuck ! smile be pathetic in he attempt to button up he pants , and lucy lunge at he . lucy you fuck scumbag ! smile wave he hand out to fend she off . lucy stand off , and laugh at he as he button himself up like a little boy catch by he mother read a skin mag . 74. contud 74 . lucy remember you’re not a doctor anymore you sicko . you a fuckin’ nutcase like the rest of we . smile now you shut up ! lucy no. fuck you Graham ! smile shut up you bitch . you forget that I ’m the only man who can help you . lucy help . hah ! smile you’re show you true colour now be n’t you . all that repress anger against man . you bastard step father really make a good bitch out of you . lucy shut up Graham . smile and you just continually find someone to lay it on lucy I say shut up you .. smile it be I who rescue you from a life of guilt , shame , self hate , anger .. and at that lucy crack , she start hit and scratch he 74 . cont’d 74 . .. about the head . smile lift he hand to fend she off . lucy aaaaa ! you fuck sick pig ! smile that 's it let it out , let it out .. lucy keep hit he . he do n’t fight back . she push he to the ground , and pin he there between she knee . smile let it out . come on . ( pants ) smile close he eye as she continue to hit he and slap he face . he seem to be .. enjoy it ..! smile mmm..that’s it . feel better . better . she slow down she beat . her breath and anger subside , and a cheeky , evil grin come across he face . lucy you bastard . you .. you fuckin’ like it . she slap he one hard and square in the face . his smile disappear , when fred and jake storm in . fred be edgy and agitate , jake be he usual slow lumber self . fred I ’m fuckin’ hungry ! smile grab a lock of lucy '' S hair , and violently pull she head back . lucy scream like a wild banshee , and swing a wild blow that hit smile on the side of the head . he fall to the ground , he hand cover he head , try to block the pain . 74 . cont’d 74 . fred fuck off you stupid cow ! lucy you fuck out of it spastic . she attack smile again . he 's cower , put on a act to get sympathy from fred or even better , jake . lucy be relentless , hit and scratch he . smile ( wimpy voice ) help I ! lucy keep attack . fred and jake look at each other dumbfounded , when jake suddenly grab lucy hard by the wrist . she try to resist , but he wrap he huge arm around she , lift she off the ground . she 's kick and scream , try to resist he , but heus way too strong . lucy fuck you all ! smile get up slowly . he zip up he fly , and pat himself down . he walk over over to lucy and hock a big dirty gob in she face . it drip down she nose like a slug . smile Fucking bitch ! lucy go mad , try everything to break free , but jake hold she tight . suddenly smile start poke and harass lucy . smile femmo slut . nyah ! nyah ! nyah ! all man be pig ! he lunge at she again , but jake turn and stick he foot out push smile away , protect lucy . smile give jake a stern look , and jake look back at he , heus not go to take any shit . smile look away . smile give lucy a stern dirty look . 74 . cont’d 74 . smile repressed lesbian . smile look back at the limp body of patti on the couch , then over at freddy , who' stand there , look confuse . he point over at patti . smile take that down to the kitchen if you’re hungry . 75 . int '' the ‘dark’ room night 75 . terry and jess be on the floor tie up in a dark room . they head be cover with dirty pillow case . terry be contort on the floor . he 's do something . jess be still . his wrist be move , heus try to free himself from the plastic wiring , but they just cut into he wrist . he hear footstep , then play dead . the door open let in light . it 's lucy . she turn on the light . lucy that fuck bastard . lucy be cry and agitate . she bend down and take off terry’ S hood . he look at she terrify . she give he she toothless smile , and sheus still cry . lucy they will n’t get away with this . smile , he 's gonna die . she look over at jess . terry can you help we ? lucy I can’t terry please . we can help you . help you get away from here . lucy everyone say that . lucy get up and look down at both of they . lucy the bastard leave you alone in the dark . for some strange reason she take a candle from she pocket . she light the candle and plop it in cup . lucy this be so you do n’t get too scared . jake’ll get you soon . I can n’t do anything . but at least you will n’t be in the dark . lucy turn out the light and close the door . the candle the only light in the room . terry make he move and wriggle across the room .. to the candle . he hold he wrist up to it , melting the plastic wire until it break '' heus almost there . he take the candle and melt the plastic bind he foot '' free ! he go over to jess , and start to melt hers . 76 . int '' the kitchen night 76 . lucy walk back into the kitchen in a folorn miserable state . patti be propped on the floor , unconscious . jake be do the dish and fred be sit at the table , giggle and talk to himself . smile notice she . smile where have you be . lucy nowhere . 76 . cont’d 76 . smile bullshit . fred she feel sorry for they . lucy get fuck you ! lucy glare at fred . fred aw. sooky-sook . smile she can n’t help it , sheus a woman . I never could understand they . lucy you shut - up you dirty prick ! smile here we go , show you true colour again Lucy , get back at daddy . lucy 's eye be burn now , the anger on she face be intense , sheus shaking . lucy that 's bullshit . all of it . you just say that because you know it hurt . I ’m stronger than you , you shit ! smile start laugh . smile grrrr ! riot grrl ! hahah . 76 . cont . 76 . he poke he tounge at she . smile blow I ! lucy blow yourself you sick fuck . you just love the control do n’t you . it make you a man in you fuck head . but you’re just fuck up like we . smile ohhh..stirrer ! while they’re argue , patti have wake up from she drugge state . terror in she eye be quickly replace by instinct . she see a open door , and quickly play dead . lucy meanwhile lose it , she jump at smile again , go for he throat . lucy I swear you’ll die you shit ! she grab he throat and try to fend she off , but sheus strong . freddy try to pry she off , and a awkward struggle emerge . jake turn away from he dish , and intervene , try to pry lucy off he . jake omm-blah..offa she . smile get she off I ! the fraca give patti she break , as she quickly scurries out the door . 77 . int - house hallway night 77 . patti be on she foot , but the drug have n’t wear off , and she sense of balance be horribly affect . she struggle against it , 77 . cont’d 77 . .. fall about the hallway , which seem infinitely long . she scratch at a door , but break down in tear , the drug have fuck she up too badly , she can n’t resist they effect , the psychotic yell and scream from the kitchen make everything more disorientating . 78 . int '' kitchen night 78 . lucy and smile and fred be lock in a clumsy embrace , and even jake be struggle to pull they apart , such be the ferocity of lucy '' S anger . they keep struggle , when fred look around the room '' to the spot where patti be . hang on , sheus go ! fred fuckin’ hell ! lucy be still clutching at smile , practically choke he . fred dinner go ! smile head shake , as he spit out some word . smile arrrghh rreettt ! jake finally break lucy '' S hold , she fall onto the ground in a heap , panting . smile be panting too , he face red , he rub at he neck . smile fuckin’ have enough slut ? ( he rub he neck more , and glare over at fred and jake ) do n’t stand there , get ‘em ! ( he point to fred ) you go and check the other upstairs . jake run out of the room first , then fred as they movement be hear up the hallway . smile glare at lucy splay on the floor , she size show . 78 . cont’d 78 . smile you fat cow . all lucy can do be sob . from the hallway can be hear the horrify screeching of patti as jake corner she . patti please . do n’t kill I .. please .. another chill screech be hear . and then a dull thud . more scream . a heavier thud . a crack . guttural groan . smile look at lucy , he do n’t seem impressed . he go over to the doorway , inspect what happen down the hall . we can hear he yell at jake sarcastically . smile good on you Jake . a sterling display of intelligence . you have to fuck kill the bitch . lucy be panting in the corner , she have a look of dismay . thing be fuck up . 79 . int '' dark room night 79 . fred barge into the room . fred time to get fuck up kid he look in the darkness , notice the flicker candle . fred hang on .. terry jump on he , grab he in a headlock , and jab he pocket knife numerous time into fred’ S throat . fred stumble about the room , blood jetting from he throat , pour over he hand and he try to stop the bleed . he fall to the ground in a gurgle heap , thrashing about , try to fight off he imminent death . they make a run for it . 80 . int '' upstairs hallway night 80 . terry and jess run down the hallway , they find a open room and go inside . 81 . int '' room night 81 . terry and jess be in the room . look around for a escape . jess point to a window . jess there . the scurry over , and terry struggle with it . the lock will n’t budge . terry it 's fuckin’ gumme . he take out he knife and start work the window . 82 . int '' kitchen night 82 . jake be drag patti '' S batter body into the kitchen . lucy be stand , rub she chest as she recover . smile look over at jake . smile good boy . but we’ve get to think about how we’re gonna clean this mess up . lucy we’re not . we’re fuck . smile oh shut up will you . 82 . cont’d 82. lucy angrily poke here tounge out at he . smile where 's Fred with the other two ? his question be interrupt by the sound of break glass , and footstep upstairs . smile shit ! smile run out of the room , jake and lucy scurry after . 83 . int '' upstair hallway night 83 . the three of they run up the stair , smile in front . he come to the door of the dark room and enter it . 84 . int '' dark room night 84 . smile walk in . the room be silent . he notice the candle flicker away , nearly go out . smile what ? he keep walk , and step on something squishy . smile oh shit he look down , and in the flicker light , can barely make out freddy '' S body on the floor . he act quick . smile get that fucker . 84 . cont’d 84. they barge out of the room . 85 . int '' room night 85 . terry be smash away at the break glass of the window , and be help jess through it . terry c’mon , quick her leg be though , and sheus away . but as soon as sheus out , he be startle by the light in the room come on . smile and jake be stand at the doorway . smile surprise ! terry be squeezing through the window , when a jag piece of glass cut deep into he leg . 85 . contud 85 . terry aaaaaahh !!! jake pounce fast . 86 . ext '' front of the house night 86 . jess drop down from the window . she look up , there be scream come from the window . she run off into the forest . Terry be drag back inside . scream of horror be hear . then a few dull thud . then silence . 87 . int '' terry parent place night 87 . thuy and suzie be sit in the lounge room at terry’ S parent place . they be get restless . 87 . cont’d 87 . thuy where be they ? suzie they’ll come back . thuy get up and look out the slide window door that overlook the patio . thuy can we call they ? suzie no phone . thuy shit and they take the mobile . fuck ! suzie we can go to the shop and call they . thuy look out the window again , hesitates then face suzie . thuy you go . i’ll stay here , if they come back . 88 . int '' spare room of the house night 88 . jake drag terry '' S body out of the room . lucy be stand at the doorway , smile be glaring at she . smile we’re fuck now . you happy ? lucy look forlornly at she foot . 88 . cont’d. 88 . smile see what happen when you do n’t listen ! lucy start to sulk . smile that’s it . you weak piece of shit . Cry . because you’re not get away with this . you’re gonna go down with all of we . you’re trap . that 's kid get away , and we’re all fuck . they’ll put you in a prison , with a pack of lezzo like you and you can live happily ever after . lucy leave I alone ! smile ( mockingly ) leave I alone ! leave I alone ! smile look at she with deadly scorn . smile you move you fat arse , and get the rest of they . you hear ! lucy continue to sob . smile you hear ! she nod in defeat . 89 . ext '' forest night 89 . jess be run through the forest at night . she stumble over a fall branch and trip . terror be in she eye . 90 . ext '' front of the house night 90 . lucy walk out of the front door with a axe . the moonlight glimmer off the steel blade . her eye be wild . she tramp toward the forest . 91 . ext '' forest night 91 . jess get up , sheus sobbing . she move everything be instinct . she keep run , when she hear yell in the distance . lucy I ’m gonna get ya . hahahah !!!! jess look around in terror , but continue run through the darkness . she look up at the full moon , hope that there 's some way out of this insanity . she keep move , scratch she arm on a overhange branch , she cry out in pain . 92 . ext '' forest night 92 . lucy hear the voice of a girl scream . she smile to herself . her prey be not far away . she move on . 93 . ext '' forest night 93 . jess stumble through the darkness , when she see a glimmer of hope in front of she . the light to terry’ S parent place . she follow they . jess yes ! 94 . ext '' driveway / front of terry parent house night 94 . suzie drive off in the car , and thuy be stand alone in the driveway , watch the red taillight of the car get swallow up in the night . she slowly make for the front of the house , when 94 . cont’d 94 . .. she hear a rustling in the wood . she turn around . no - one there . she continue towards the house when she hear a crack of some bracken , and then some intense sobbing . it 's jess , she run and stumbling from the wood , she clothes be tear and dirty , there be a scratch on she arm . she 's hysterical . jess we have to get away . but as thuy approach she , she be startle by something more horrific behind jess . thuy jess ! as lucy emerge from the forest . jess see the look on thuy '' S face , and turn around , but lucy be too quick , and swinging a axe , kill jess in one swift strike . her body drop to the ground . thuy run to the house , lucy in pursuit . lucy sorry , I ’m gatecrash . 95 . int '' terry house night 95 . thuy look the door , and run into the kitchen . she go through the drawer , knife , fork , she find a cleaver , size it up but drop it '' not enough against a axe . a thud be hear from the front door . 96 . ext '' front door night 96 . lucy be axing the door . the axe get stick , she fumble to pry it off , but yell to whoever inside . lucy you do n’t invite I . so I ’m gatecrash ! hahah . she finally pries the axe free , and have another swing . 97 . int '' terry 's house / hallway night 97 . thuy look down the hallway to see the gleam of axe poke through the front door , as lucy continue to axe at it . she see a door that lead down to the garage , open , and hurry into it , close it behind she . 98 . int '' garage night 98 . the garage be dark and creepy . she flick on a flourescent light which take a few flash before it hold , though only faintly . she look around . she see a rake . no good . a hacksaw . still no good . she look on the shelf . nothing . when suddenly she see a hessian sack cover something . she pull the sack off , and underneath be a barely use stihl chainsaw . she check it for petrol , and be relieved to find it full . she tug at it try to get it start . 99 . ext / int '' front door night 99 . lucy give the door one final swing and the lock fling away . she kick the door open . lucy where 's the party ? there be silence , as lucy start to stalk throughout the house , start at the kitchen . lucy no music . no people . someones’ gotta be here ? she grin to herself . she go to one of the bedroom , and kick open the door . lucy sprung ! she switch on a light , to see a empty bed . lucy I think I interrupt 99 . cont’d 99 . .. something . lucy walk out . she walk past the door to the garage , and hear a putter sound . she smile to herself , sheus find she prey . lucy sorry to get you out of bed .. lucy fumble with the handle . it 's lock . she take a swing at the door with the axe . lucy .. but I ’m here to wake you up ! she have a few more swing at the door , before it finally give way . she run down the stair scream like a madperson in a bid to terrify she victim , and see .. 100 . int '' garage night 100 . thuy get the chainsaw fire up . lift it up in defiance , smile at she . lucy turn white . lucy aiiieeeeeee !!! lucy swing she axe , but its no match for thuy who catch she mid-sw with the chainsaw . the axe fall impotently to the ground . 100 . contud 100 . lucy you will n’t do it .. but there be a craze grin on thuy '' S face that say otherwise as she move in for the kill . 101 . int '' the house / wait room night 101 . smile be in the room , look through some binocular . jake be sit on one of the couch next to he , idling . smile Fucking dumb bitch be take she time . he look through the binocular , and scan the grounds . he see jess 's behead body in the front lawn , and then the front door axed down . smile look like sheus do something .. he continue scan the grounds , and notice one of the car have go . smile fuck ! jake uloogla ? smile one of they 's fuck off . not good . jake mini-oomboo giki . smile no . smile ponder a moment . 101 . contud 101 . smile go to the store . give that fucker a welcome they’ll never forget . jake nod and leave . smile S hear the front door close . smile ( smile to himself ) no one here get out alive ! he hear jake start up a truck , and drive off . he 's grin to himself , and go back to he binocular . smile now all we do be clean up the mess , like nothing ever happen . he’s still grin as he scan the grounds . he go back to the axed down front door , over to the car that 's still remain , when he see' a horrific sight '' Thuy carry a chainsaw . his smile drop to a frown . smile shit . he drop the binocular , and start to panic . he run to the front door and open it . smile Jake .. but he car be go . smile slam the door shut and walk back up the hall toward the stair . smile fuck ! 102 . int '' smile bedroom night 102 . smile run into he bedroom . he run to a closet , and rummages through it , pull out a old double barrel shotgun . he look in the closet again , and pull out a old box of bullet , he nervously load it . smile no fuckerus gonna stop I . but he seem worried . he look at the gun with apprehension , not sure if it work , but he feel empower anyway . smile a chainsaw no match for a gun . he run out of the room . 103 . int '' hallway / staircase night 103 . smile scurries down the stair , head for the kitchen . 104 . int '' kitchen night 104 . smile go through the cutlery draw look for a backup weapon . nothing . he open a appliance draw , and find a battery operate electric carve knife . he hold it up , its make a almost insect like noise as he check that it work . it do . he slide it in he back pocket . he turn out all the light in the house , and hide , wait for thuy . 105 . ext '' front of the house night 105 . thuy arrive . she look craze , and angry - a total contrast from the young girl who work in a clothing store . she scan the house , there be no light . she walk to the front door . 106 . ext '' front door night 106 . thuy stand at the front door . thuy I know you’re in there , whoever you be . there be silence . thuy and no matter what happen . you be go to pay . she fire up the chainsaw , and start hack down the door . 107 . ext / int - entrance hallway night 107 . thuy walk into the hallway . she 's breathe heavily . the hallway be dark , she try a light switch , but it do n’t work . thuy I do n’t know where , or who you be . but I ’ll find you . and I ’ll kill you . I do n’t care anymore . I have no fear . she come to a doorway to the leave , she open the door . it 's the uwait room’ she look inside . there 's just chair , and the table , litter with psychology magazine . she look at they queerly . thuy who be this sick fuck ? in a fit of anger , she chainsaw the table in half . thuy how will the shrink explain that ? 107 . cont’d 107 . she walk back into the hallway . 108 . int '' hallway night 108 . thuy stalk down the hallway , the chainsaw in she hand . thuy I know someone be here . I can feel it . ( beat ) smell it . 109 . int '' bathroom upstair night 109 . smile be sit in a bathroom in the dark . he 's smile to himself . but he sniff he armpit at thuy 's remark . 110 . int '' hallway night 110 . thuy walk past another door , and open it . it 's the kitchen , she walk in .. 111 . int '' kitchen night 111 . .. and turn the light on , and be horrify to see joe’ S partly mangle body , laid out on a table . thuy aaiiiiiieeeeee !! 112 . int '' bathroom night 112 . smile laugh to himself . she cover he mouth , but cannot suppress some snot and dribble than fly from he mouth . 113 . int '' kitchen night 113 . thuy run from the room , and close the door behind she . sheus 113 . cont’d 113 . .. terrify . gagging and cough from the sight sheus just see . she start to vomit , and cry , let it all out . she compose herself , she eye be fill with madness , she revs up the chainsaw loud and clear . thuy whoever or whatever you be . I be go to fuck kill you . 114 . int '' stairway night 114 . thuy run up the stair , and come across a close door , she open it without fear , and walk inside . 115 . int '' smile bedroom night 115 . thuy be inside smile room . there be a large bed in the middle of the room , some closet to the side of it , and a large mirror dresser to the other . the light surround the dresser be on , casting a weird , perverse glow . thuy notice a collection of frame certificate pin to the wall , she look at they . '' Graham P. smile - doctorate of psychiatry '' '' honours’ say one , '' master of psychology '' another . she look through the drawer in the dresser , and find dildo , handcuffs , cock -ring , and underneath it all pull out a notebook . she look through it and find newspaper article . one article have the head '' a abuse of trust . she look through the article , and piece together a terrible story of a psychiatrist who abuse he patient , destroy the mind and identity of people in need . she be now deep in he lair , he dungeon . thuy no , this can n’t be true .. smile it be . smile appear at the door , hold he rifle . thuy be startle , she hold she chainsaw tight . smile it 's rude to look through other peopleus belonging . 115 . cont’d 115 . thuy rude ? smile yes . and its even ruder not invite you neighbour to you party . thuy be you fuck crazy ..? smile some may say . ( smile evily ) but that 's besides the point . where 's you ucare sharing spirit . or be it something you generation seem to lack '' respect . thuy you’re fuck . what respect should we show you . smile the sixty be such a good time . thuy listen fuckhead , whatever you’re try to get at be shit . and besides , I ’m not a hippy , I ’m a punk . she revs the chainsaw . thuy and I hate you fuck gut . smile laugh , but heus stop play he little mind game . he hold up he rifle and pull the trigger , aim it across the room , square at thuy . she stop in she track . 115 . cont’d 115 . smile now turn it off . thuy , in fear , obey . smile Drop it . she do . she 's tremble , smile finger , slowly curl around the trigger , a gleeful smile on he face . smile do you have anything you want to tell I ? thuy go fuck yourself , you sick piece of shit . smile ( laugh in ridicule , then speak in a girly voice ) awww ..ustick and stone may break my bone , but word will never harm I '' '' I ’m a pyschaitrist remember .