the imaginarium of doctor parnassus written by Terry mckeown &amp ; Charles gilliam May 26th , 2007 london 2007 .. now 1 ext night urban terrace 1 a row of rundown terrace house . some be board up . not all the street light work . that that do cast shadow of park vehicle glisten in the rain . a front door open and don appear with rubbish which he put in a bin . he hear something and look up to see four big horse pull a hulk great wagon down the middle of the street . the wagon be a gigantic windowless box . the horse be harness and there be rein but no sign of a driver . it 's a very weird sight . don , unable to take he eye off this amazing apparition shout back into the house from where light from a tv flicker . don Carol !... Carol ! carol ( v.o. ) what ? don come here ! Quick ! carol ( v.o. ) what be it ? don Quick ! carol ( v.o. ) ( irritate ) I be try to watch this ! it 's the last episode ! don ( annoyed ) come here !!! carol appear in the doorway . carol what be it ? but the wagon and horse have go . don it 's go ! ( continued ) 2 . 1 continued : 1 carol , disgust , swat he on the head with the flat of she hand and go back inside . 2 ext / int night parked car in STREET 2 a young couple be snogging in the back of a park car . Music be play on the radio . they be interrupt by heavy vibration and the terrifying sight of the huge loom horse - draw box as it trundle past . 3 ext night the town hall clock 3 the clock show and strike 2 be . 4 ext night a dingy back STREET 4 the wagon have stop . the back begin to open , top , bottom and side , like a dark menace flower unfold its petal . shadowy figure manoeuvre the side panel and begin to raise the roof . while this be happen the camera track around to reveal a garishly light club across the street . a group of drunken youths emerge from the club , staggering , laugh , shouting , drink , break bottle , and throw up . the lad grope the girl . everyone 's have " a great time " . they see the wagon and stop , unsteadily , in they track . martin what the ...! we now see what they see . the wagon have be convert into a stage . we be look at a old fashioned and very shabby travel theatre . electric footlight be power by a clanking generator . the pediment above the stage carry the word : the astonishing imaginarium of doctor parnassus . percy , a dwarf , dress as a medieval demon and rig out as a one - man band play a fanfare introduce a young man ( anton , 18 - 19 year old ) who emerge from the back of the stage dress as MERCURY , the messenger of the god , with wing on he helmet and sandal . ( continued ) 3 . 4 continued : 4 anton / MERCURY lady and gentlemen ... step up ! step up !... I , mercury , the messenger of the god , invite you ... tonight , for one night only ... at this very venue ... to enter the mind , the very great mind , of Doctor parnassus ! percy do a roll on the drum as a curtain behind anton / MERCURY rise to reveal doctor parnassus - he appear to be a indian holy man - long scraggly beard , chalk white make up , a large red circle on he bald head , a crown of yellow flower , string of bead , and partially cover in a loose - fitting swath of white cloth - apparently levitate several foot above the stage . ( he 's sit on a glass plinth ) . doctor parnassus be seemingly in a trance . a bronze tripod contain burn incense stand beside he . anton / MERCURY ( cont 'd ) Doctor parnassus ... as old as time ... yes , lady and gentleman , more than a thousand year old ... he have the power to empower you mind . a secret learn in the mystic East . let Doctor parnassus open you imagination . let he guide and transport you to world and possibility you never dreamt of ... if you dare . but ... beware ... there be danger . you will have to choose . will you soul fly ?... or will it be dash on the rock of darkness ? the choice be yours and yours alone . transcend the height on beauty 's wing . a young woman , valentina , ( wear a wig of long blonde hair and a white , flow costume which give she prominent hip and breast ) stand face a elaborately frame full - length mirror nestle upstage amongst cut - out tree represent a forest ... this be ` beauty ' . she turn and step forward . anton take she hand . they make a couple of dance step together . they look enchant and enchant . anton / MERCURY ( cont 'd ) ( to the audience ) or , if you must ... now percy , in demon costume , leap from behind the scenery . ( continued ) 4 . 4 continued : ( 2 ) 4 anton / MERCURY ( cont 'd ) ... scour the squalid depth with putrid 's brother , stench ! percy indicate a ticket dispenser attach to the front of the stage . percy take a ticket and join the queue ! only five quid a go ! there 's no great bargain on planet earth ! a beer bottle land on the stage the drunken youths cheer . anton / MERCURY you choose ... fulfilment , grace and light or ... waste , filth and darkness . ( under he breath , watch the drunk , martin , with contempt ) no prize for guess what you will do . martin have begin , with difficulty , to clamber onto the stage . his mate laugh and shout encouragement . anton ( not in character .. he stutter ) no. sorry . that 's n- not allow . you have to t-take a t-ticket first . anton try to prevent martin from get on stage . but martin thump anton and pull he into the `audience ' . martin be drunken mate laugh and applaud . martin be now on stage and head for doctor parnassus who be still in a trance . percy try to head he off but martin shove percy off the stage . percy land on the ground with a crash . more laughter from the mob . ( continued ) 5 . 4 continued : ( 3 ) 4 martin ( drunkenly to parnassus ) hey you ... I wanna audition . I want ... I wanna be a star ... I wanna ... martin be on the verge of tweak doctor parnassus ' nose or pull he beard when valentina divert he . valentina stop ! get off the stage ! martin turn he bleary focus to valentina . martin thas a nice pair of jug . martin be mate roar they approval . valentina get off the stage ! martin no. I want you ... I want you ... martin lunge at ` beauty ' who retreat up stage . martin blunder into the scenery as he pursue ` beauty ' who stay just out of reach . she take cover behind a cut - out tree . anton and percy climb back onto the stage as martin continue to chase ` beauty ' . valentina evade he by ducking through the mirror ( make of flexible reflective material slit down the middle ) . martin crash after she . anton and percy exchange worried look . they look at doctor parnassus . should they wake he from he trance ? they decide not to but it 's a difficult decision . 5 int / ext magical forest 5 the stage set , which be clearly only a few foot deep , now seem much deeper and to contain many more cut - out tree . ` beauty ' weave in and out of the 2 dimensional tree as martin chase she further into the increasingly magical forest . beauty 's costume have be transformed into something wonderful . ( a rainbow studd with diamond ? ) valentina come into view . martin be in hot pursuit . ( continued ) 6 . 5 continued : 5 martin come here you little sexpot ! valentina stop , turn , smile sweetly and slam she fist hard into martin be gut . he double up . valentina pause for a moment , contemplate do some serious damage , before stride off . martin stagger to he foot . martin ( cont 'd ) come back ! you bitch ! he rush after she but , trip on a root ( a real 3 dimensional tree root ) and pitch face first to the ground . recovering , he look up . shock . he be surround by a dark , terrible , and very real forest . ` beauty ' have vanish . 6 ext the stage night 6 valentina , ` beauty ' , slip back on stage through the mirror . her costume have revert to its original state . she examine she knuckle on the hand with which she punch Martin . anton look at she . she shrug . dr . parnassus be still in a trance , he lip move soundlessly . anton watch doctor parnassus in awe . ` beauty ' sigh . she 's have enough . 7 int / ext magical forest 7 martin be lose and terrify in the dark forest . martin mum ... mum !... his voice echoe through the giant tree . but he cry be interrupt by another sound ... a tarzan - like howl . martin spin around . strange creature be swinging on vine through the giant tree . they be all around he . they look like hand ... with little head and arm where the wrist should be . they be all howling and jabber . from behind , a hand creature swing down and grab martin by the collar , hoist he high into the air . clear the tree , martin see he be not alone . there be many other people - all in the clutches of hand creature swinging on " vine " . ( continued ) 7 . 7 continued : 7 but , the " vine " be actually long , slim tentacles ... dangle from enormous , luridly coloured jellyfish that float through the dark , frightening , sky . from some of the tentacles , bottle of booze dangle - just out of reach of the struggle crowd - all desperate for a drink . martin ( cont 'd ) please ... I will never ...! never again !. honest !... from now on ... I swear !.. not a drop ! with a smile of satisfaction , the hand creature stop jabber and let 's go of martin be collar . down he plummet . the ground rush up . matrtin be as good as dead . but when he hit the ground , rather than go splat !! , he bounce high in the air , turn a couple somersault and land on he foot . he can not believe what have just happen ... and then he hear music . beautiful , ethereal music . in the distance a light be glow . it 's the sun , rise above a majestic mountain pass . cut into the rock , be a long stairway wind up to the summit . the hand creature swing down , give martin the " thumb up " , and point encouragingly toward the stairway . reformed and determine , martin head for the stair . but on reach they he discover that each one be 6 foot high . the stairway be ridiculously steep and difficult . letter be carve into the first stair ... " the 12x12 step program ... good luck " . this be go to be tough . the sound of a honky - tonk piano make he turn . behind he the sky be dark . a roadside bar / nightclub with flash neon light have appear . he hesitates . he could use a drink before the long climb . he head for the club . the door to the club be open by a mechanical fairground figure of a jolly smile man ( mr nick ) distinguished by a bowler hat and a red waistcoat . mr nick hi there . c'mon in . look like you could use a drink . ( continued ) 8 . 7 continued : ( 2 ) 7 martin , relieved and reassure by the welcome , step inside . the door close follow by the sound from within of much gaiety and laughter . the camera pull back as the nightclub suddenly explode in a ball of flame . 8 ext dingy back STREET 8 the sound of police siren . we be back outside in front of the theatre . dr . parnassus rise unsteadily , come out of he arduous trance .... ` beauty " move to support he as , exhaust , he lose he balance and snap out of he trance . doctor parnassus ( hold he head ) valentina ... valentina ( indignant ) he be chase I . doctor parnassus ( angry ) you do not go through the mirror . valentina I have to get away . doctor parnassus you hit he . valentina self defence . doctor parnassus you be out of control . ever since you mother die ... valentina when I be three ! doctor parnassus I do not want to talk about it ! valentina ( indignant ) you bring it up ! ( continued ) 9 . 8 continued : 8 doctor parnassus turn on anton . doctor parnassus we do not accept drunk ! anton we c-could not stop he . doctor parnassus people must be in they right mind when they make the choice . anton I know . I be s-sorry . drunken girl ( v.o. ) Martin !... the police be deal with a drunken mob of nightclub revellers , make arrest . a distraught , hysterical , drunken girl be look for martin . drunken girl ( cont 'd ) Martin !... Martin !... she see ` beauty ' . drunken girl ( cont 'd ) he go with that cow ! I will scratch she eye out ! a policewoman grab the drunken girl and drag she , struggle , into police van . martin' friend be search for he around the stage . friend of martin marty !? marty , where be you ? ( a policeman grab he ) ) oi! leave off .. it 's they .. they have get we mate back there . policeman ( to parnassus ) you ! gunga Din ! what do you think you be play at !? dr . parnassus ` play ' ? we do not `play ' ! what we do be deadly serious ! ( continued ) 10 . 8 continued : ( 2 ) 8 dr . parnassus push aside the mirror to reveal a door in the back wall of the shallow stage . it be swinging open . doctor parnassus go . will we miss he ? I do not think so . the policeman look and frown . doctor parnassus ( cont 'd ) ( to the policeman condescendingly ) do not worry if you do not understand it immediately . percy , wisely , decide to head off conflict . he steer doctor parnassus away from the policeman . percy ( to policeman ) he 's do he bit to save the human race . he think it 's get a future . quaint , eh ? I keep tell he to get a proper job . ( shaking he empty collection cup ) check it out .. another night with nothing in the kitty . policeman I want you freak out of here . now . if I ever see you in this parish again I will do you . doctor parnassus bow exaggeratedly , with a hint of mockery . the police officer suspect that doctor parnassus be take the piss , but decide not to press it . instead , he knee martin be struggle friend to the ground . 9 ext back street dawn 9 the sky be grey with the first light of dawn . the wagon roll off down the dark street as a dustcart rumble into view and its crew begin empty bin and pick up rubbish . 10 ext a holiday fair night 10 shoot gallery . Music . loud aggressive ride . people milling around . ( continued ) 11 . 10 continued : 10 the wagon be park at the edge of the fair . the stage be set . anton dress as mercury be try to attract a audience , without much success . anton step up ! step up ! for one night only ! the imaginarium of Dr. parnassus ! not to be miss ! on stage be doctor parnassus , `levitate ' and in a trance , as before . incense smoke swirl around he . anton ( cont 'd ) test you imagination ! envisage the sublime . let Doctor parnassus be you guide . discover the height of wisdom ... valentina dance forward , look fabulous as ` wisdom ' . anton ( cont 'd ) ... or , if you will , visit the doldrum with all that 's vile and stink . percy step forward , once again in he mediaeval demon costume . percy ( indicate ticket machine ) take a ticket and wait you turn . twenty quid a go , reduce to five for one night only ! anton the world be full of wonder , beauty , enchantment , for that with eye to see ... he magically produce a bouquet of flower . throw it into the air .. it transform into beautiful dove . this impressive trick be totally ignore by a group loudly argue just in front of the stage - the family from hell . linda ( age 7 ) mum ... mum ... I want to go on the wall of death ? ( continued ) 12 . 10 continued : ( 2 ) 10 mum stop go on , Linda ! you be not old enough ! dad they will not let you , darling . linda but I want to !!! I want to !!! mum linda ! dr . parnassus stir from he trance . he 's have enough of this . dr . parnassus Excuse I ! Excuse I ! would you mind ... linda it 's not fair . uncle bob it 's the fair , but it 's not fair ! uncle bob laugh uproariously . linda push he into aunty flo . aunty flo ow ! bloody hell ! Diego - age 9 and absorb in he portable video game wander away from the family . mum linda ! beehave yourself ! i'm warning you ! dad leave she alone ! dr . parnassus please ! this be the imaginarium ! it require respect , concentration ... kindly go elsewhere and take you detritus with you ? mum be he insulting we ? ( continued ) 13 . 10 continued : ( 3 ) 10 dad ( to the dr . parnassus , threateningly ) oy ! parnassus ignore he and resume he trance . unnotice by all , diego have somehow manage to climb onto the stage and be peer at the mirror . mum ( look around ) Diego !? where 's Diego ? dad diego !? valentina turn she head just in time to see diego vanish through the mirror . she start to go after he , then hesitates . valentina ( try to get anton be attention ) pssst ! anton look across the stage to she . she mime that a certain someone have go into the mirror . anton consider waking doctor parnassus but think better of it . instead he head off upstage and through the mirror in pursuit of Diego . valentina take over the pitch . valentina ( cont 'd ) lady and gentlemen , let Dr. parnassus be you guide ... 11 int / ext magical landscape 11 anton move through the cut - out tree and into a fantastic , brightly coloured landscape of Dr. seuss - like hill and valley . the sky if full of cloud-size soap bubbles . Diego be in the distant use he game controller to make the bubbles bang into each other ... try to burst they . we can hear valentina try to continue the pitch in the face of the family from hell . they baby have now start wail . crack in the ground begin to appear under anton " S foot . ( continued ) 14 . 11 continued : 11 valentina ( v.o. ) beauty , Truth , wisdom , justice ... without imagination all be dead . mum ( v.o. ) diego !!! dad ( v.o. ) diego !!! linda ( v.o. ) degsy ! dr . parnassus ( v.o. ) oh for crying out loud ! shut up ! the landscape , in response to dr . parnassus ' rage suddenly rip apart , fragment and spin with anton inside it . dr . parnassus ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ( enraged ) aaahhhh !!! damn and blast !!! thing fly in all direction . 12 int / ext magical landscape 12 anton , recover , struggle out from between giant block of stone . the world have go dark . he hear diego cry somewhere in the distance and start to clamber over the shattered monolith .. reaching the top , anton see diego on the peak of a distant rocky pinnacle surround by bottomless chasm . there be what appear to be two suspension bridge span the void on either side of the pinnacle . CUT to diego who be in a state of confusion and terror . be he lose inside a video game he can not control ? he press the button on he game device - to no avail . one of the bridge lead to a bluff where war game be under way ... all very video- game-like . thrill aggressive music blare forth . mr nick appear , still in red waist - coat and bowler hat , but this time in the form of a CUT - out shoot target with a bull 's - eye on he chest . ( continued ) 15 . 12 continued : 12 mr nick come on laddy , cross the bridge ! join up ! be a man . kill the enemy . impress you dad . unlimite ammo . great fun . pow ! pow ! pow ! as he speak bullet fly . each time mr. nick get shot and be knock flat , he pop back up continue he spiel . the other bridge appear to be make of black and white piano key and look very rickety and unsafe . the piano key bridge descend into a great cavern where hundred of boy and girl pianist be practise on hundred of pianos , all play the same tune - the tune dr . parnassus be hum , but with stern , demand , piano teachers in attendance . piano teachers no , no , start again ! again ! from the top ! again ! practice ! practice ! diego do not know what to do . behind he rise a strange mongolfier balloon . dr . parnassus 's face be repeat again and again around its circumference . anton be in the basket . diego catch sight of anton . diego help ! ( indicate game device ) it do not work ! it 's break ! anton what ? diego the game ! anton what g-g-game ? diego the game ! the video game ! the one we be in ! anton I d-d - do not know what you be t-t - talk about . diego help I ! ( continued ) 16 . 12 continued : ( 2 ) 12 anton ( miserable ) I c-ca not . diego what ? anton I be n- not suppose to be here . diego what be I go to do ? anton that 's the p-point . it 's up to you . diego ( dismay ) but ... do not leave I ! do not let I die ! but anton have go . diego , terrify , test the bridge to the war game . mr nick attaboy , sonny . join the man . nothing to it . hup two , hup two ... he hesitates ... the music from the pianos seem to have a effect on he . he come to a decision . he drop he game device then very hesitantly step onto the extremely wobbly piano key . the CUT - out shoot target mr nick be not happy . mr nick ( cont 'd ) no , wait ! that 's the wrong choice ! that bridge lead to failure and despair . you will be dead before you be thirty . this be the one . this be the bridge to manhood ! diego look uncertain , unnerve . for a moment we think he might change he mind , but he press bravely on across the piano bridge . 17 . 13 ext a holiday fair night 13 at last , finally , there 's a bit of a crowd around the theatre , but draw only by the family from hell who be make a lot of noise . mum ( hysterical ) he 's be kidnap ! they have take he ! it 's that weirdo up there ! do something , dad , do something ! linda I want my brother ! I want my little brother ! on stage dr . parnassus , continue to hum in he trance - like state . inspector of fayr rattles on . inspector you can not perform here without appropriate authorization . get no response from dr . parnassus he pull out he mobile phone and dial . inspector ( cont 'd ) ( with phone to ear ) it 's I . I need some support . we have get trouble . anton step out of the mirror . he produce a inflate balloon which he release and which then fly , zig - zag out over the audience . dr . parnassus , wake in time to see the balloon . dr . parnassus ( delighted with Anton 's `message ' ) ha , ha ! success ! one little devil out of the fire ... make it all worthwhile ! he magically produce a tarot Card from the startle inspector be ear . inspector where do you say you be from ? ( continued ) 18 . 13 continued : 13 dr . parnassus I do not . he lift he arm with a flourish whereupon a gloriously paint canvas sky unroll from the top of the set disgorge diego as it reach the stage . dr . parnassus ( cont 'd ) hooplah ! diego roll out , tumble across the stage and land next to the rest of he family . he 's beam , laugh , full of wonder , transformed by he experience . mum Diego ! where have you be ? I have be worried sick ! doctor parnassus ( descend from he glass plinth ) and so ... a glimmer of hope ... perhaps eternity have not be in vain !... dad smack diego round the back of the head . dad and you can wipe that silly expression off you face , you little poof . linda ( gleefully ) you be in big trouble ! you be in big trouble ! uncle bob you have upset you mum . aunty flo he 's spoil we evening . dad and where 's you gamer ? he 's lose he bloody gamer ! another fifty quid down the drain . you be not get another one ! bloody kid ! why do we bother ? the family from hell move off . ( continued ) 19 . 13 continued : ( 2 ) 13 diego , full of wonder and oblivious to he family , look back at parnassus and give the old man the thumb -up . parnassus smile and raise he thumb in response . the inspector of fayr be join by a policeman and policewoman . policeman what 's the trouble ? dr . parnassus ah , the fuzz . policeman what do you say ? dr . parnassus ( charmingly ) fuzzy wuzzy be a bear , fuzzy wuzzy have no hair , fuzzy wuzzy be not fuzzy wuzzy ? the police and the inspector exchange dark look . clearly they be deal with a dangerous trouble - maker . inspector ( to parnassus ) next time I find you do business without a permit I will impound you wagon . policeman ( to parnassus ) I will be do worse than that ... now , bugger off ! dr . parnassus with pleasure . he bow mock graciously . 14 int back stage dressing room a moment later 14 valentina , half - undress , be struggle out of she ` wisdom ' costume while at the same time look at picture of beautiful home and garden in a very batter copy of ` Homes and garden ' . without make - up and costume she appear much young . ( continued ) 20 . 14 continued : 14 a movement of something reflect in the dress - room mirror catch she eye . in the mirror we see mr nick , not a CUT - out , but the real thing . valentina ( startle , guiltily hide ` Homes and garden ' ) oh ! she turn , hold she dress to cover she modesty . there 's nobody there . valentina ( cont 'd ) who 's that ? who 's there ? 15 ext edge of fair / the wagon continuous 15 anton and percy be pack - up and close the wagon . dr . parnassus , out of he make - up and costume , be smile and hum to himself as he remove the feed bag from one of the horse . the horse lift its head and dr parnassus recoil in shock and horror . stand directly behind the horse be mr. nick ... a huge grin split he face . mr nick hello parnassus ... it 's be a while have not it ? percy , wind a rope onto a cleat , hear distant laughter and look up . CUT to percy p.o.v. where we see , some distance away and in a relatively secluded spot , mr nick rock with laughter while doctor parnassus look stricken . he clutches at the back of a park bench to steady himself . CUT to percy who look thoughtful and worried . he head off to help doctor parnassus as the latter slump onto the bench . mr nick have vanish . doctor parnassus ( distraught ) he 's come to collect . percy I think so . ( continued ) 21 . 15 continued : 15 dr . parnassus what can I do ?... percy ( grimly ) nothing . doctor parnassus there must be something ! he look over to where valentina be help close the theatre . percy follow he gaze . percy you be go to have to tell she . 16 ext CITY street later 16 the wagon make its way through city street . percy be sit on the roof drive . anton be lie on the roof look up at the star . valentina be sit next to he lose in think . anton look at that moon . ( no response from valentina ) I have n-never see it so b-big . and the star ... it 's so c-clear . percy hold he hand out , palm up . percy ( sardonically ) rain . anton ( sotto voce ) valentina ? valentina ( irritate ) Val ... Val . anton I c-c-ca not call you Val , p - parnassus d-do not like it . ( continued ) 22 . 16 continued : 16 valentina he 's not here be he ? he 's inside get piss . anton be you happy ? valentina ( ironic ) ecstatic . anton produce a old beat - up copy of ` beautiful Homes ' and start thumbing through it . valentina ( cont 'd ) hey ! that 's mine ! she try to snatch it from he . he flutter it out of she reach . valentina ( cont 'd ) give it I ! she wrest it from he and hide it just as percy look back at they . anton ( sotto voce ) would you really be happy in one of that p-place ?... n- not I . well ... m-maybe .... with you. ( suddenly urgent ) let 's run away . make a new life together . I will retrain . Computers . stock and bond . we could be happy . just the two of we . valentina ( sotto voce ) Anton ? anton what ? valentina shut up . anton why d- do you always have to p- pretend to be so b-brutal ? ( continued ) 23 . 16 continued : ( 2 ) 16 valentina I be not pretend . ( coquettishly ) anyway ... I be under age . anton ( exasperate ) valentina . valentina ( knowingly , teasing ) I shall be twelve on Wednesday . anton do not be ridiculous . valentina percy ? how old will I be on Wednesday ? percy twelve . valentina see ? parnassus say so too . be you say he 's ridiculous ? anton no ... valentina ( teasing ) yes you be . I will tell he . anton he know I worship he .... valentina he take advantage . anton I do not mind . he 's extraordinary ... like you . valentina puhlease . anton you be . ( continued ) 24 . 16 continued : ( 3 ) 16 valentina parnassus be a pain . okay he 's extraordinary but I be not . I do not want to be like he . I want to be like other people . like they . ( gesture to the pass city ) you know ... normal . ordinary . you be so lucky . anton be not sure how to take this . valentina ( cont 'd ) ( half apologetically ) you know what I mean . she get up , kiss anton on the top of he head and climb down into the hatch . Anton look thoughtful , bruise . percy glance back . valentina ( cont 'd ) ( pop she head back up ) actually , I be go to be sixteen . shall I tell parnassus I know ? I think he know I know . silly man . sweet sixteen . she disappear down the hatch , then quickly pop back up . valentina ( cont 'd ) ( mischievously ) the age of consent . 17 int doctor parnassus ' den that moment 17 doctor parnassus ' cabin be tiny . it 's pack with book and memorabilia ; egyptian / assyrian / greek/etc. , magic trick paraphernalia , and much else . a hang lantern suspend from the ceiling throw move shadow . dr . parnassus be slump despondently on a cramped bed . a plate of untouched food sit on a table in front of he . he have laid out tarot card . to the right - the magus .. to the leave - the Devil . the next card be the maiden . he place it carefully beneath the magus . ( continued ) 25 . 17 continued : 17 he pick up a open bottle of spirit and take a swig . clearly he 's already have a few drink . valentina o/s ( cross with he ) you have not eat anything . doctor parnassus ( startle ) valentina ... she come in . valentina I go to all this trouble and you leave it . dr . parnassus I be not hungry . valentina be you ill ? dr . parnassus ( anguish ) valentina ... my miraculous child .. I have something to tell you . valentina now what ? she start tidy up . dr . parnassus ( avoid the question ) I should never have bring you into this rotten bloody world ! valentina ( she 's hear this before ) oh for God 's sake ! dr . parnassus what be I think of ! valentina percy like the soup . dr . parnassus ( agitate ) why do everybody want to live forever ? ( continued ) 26 . 17 continued : ( 2 ) 17 valentina that 's normal be not it ? dr . parnassus immortality 's a curse ! any fool can tell you that ! valentina pick up parnassus ' nearly empty bottle . valentina you know it do not agree with you . dr . parnassus ( in difficulty ) valentina ... valentina ( lose patience ) and I will be sixteen on Thursday , so let 's not have any more tosh about that . dr . parnassus listen to I ! valentina you think you be so clever and that everybody else be a idiot ! you can not stop I grow up just by lie about my birthday ! it 's ridiculous ! dr . parnassus shut up ! shut up and listen to I ! listen to I ! I need to tell you something , before it 's too late ! dr parnassus reach up and pluck a glass paperweight out of the air . it 's that kind that contain little model which be engulf in a snow storm when the paperweight be shake . dr . parnassus shake the paper- weight and watch the `snow ' swirl about . dr . parnassus ( cont 'd ) one dark winter 's night ... many year ago ...? valentina be this go to take long ? ( continued ) 27 . 17 continued : ( 3 ) 17 dr . parnassus quiet ! the camera close in on and venter ' the paperweight . dr . parnassus ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) many century ago , as a matter of fact ... 18 ext inside the paperweight night 18 a hooded rider move slowly through the snowstorm , the horse pick its way carefully across a field of virgin snow . dr . parnassus ( v.o. ) ... I be visit ... by someone I have hope never to meet . in the distance , rise like a dark mountain , be a strange monastery . dim light come from a couple of window . we can hear , from far away , the indistinct dron voice of the story teller , a young dr . parnassus . the camera move up over and way ahead of the hooded rider , continue through the snowstorm , over field , forest , valley , rock , until it reach the monastery , high on a rugge hill . here it enter one of the dimly light monastery window , take we into a dining hall . 19 int monastery dine hall night 19 enter via a window and look down into the monastery dining hall , we see dozen of monk sit at a long refectory table . they be eat they supper and listen to a young dr . parnassus who be sit on a dais at the far end of the hall , he eye close , in a trance , tell a story . a log fire burn in a big fireplace . dr . parnassus ... have capture the wind and tame the storm ... the Chief steward , lay down to take he rest , have a disturbing dream ... he dreamt that a hood rider be approach across the snow - sweep plain . ( more ) ( continued ) 28 . 19 continued : 19 dr . parnassus ( cont 'd ) a rider who would challenge the very foundation of the world ... the door to the refectory swing open with a crash . the monk look up . stand on the thresh -hold be the hood figure , cover with snow . he throw off he hood . it 's mr nick . dr . parnassus ( cont 'd ) ... the steward wake and remember he dream . what manner of man have he dreamt of , and what do it signify ? 20 int monastery dine hall later 20 dr . parnassus and mr nick be sit at the fire . behind they , in the hall , monk come and go . on the dais , a monk continue with the story . this monk be a young percy . percy ... and as the water rise ... the people 's need for storey grow . story that would feed a great hunger . a hunger for more than just understanding ... percy continue tell the story in the background . mr nick what exactly do you do here ? dr . parnassus we tell the eternal story . mr nick oh .... what 's that ? dr . parnassus the story that sustain the universe . the story without which there be nothing . ( continued ) 29 . 20 continued : 20 mr nick nothing ? really . be you tell I that if you stop tell a story ... ( wave in the direction of percy ) this story ... something you make up , a fiction ... that the universe cease to exist ? dr . parnassus you make it sound so simple . mr nick and you believe it ? dr . parnassus smile . mr nick ( cont 'd ) incredible . it 's just incredible to I that you can believe something that can be so easily disprove . dr . parnassus ( complacently ) I do not think so . mr nick turn and throw a spell at percy who go rigid like a statue - strike dumb . the story stop . dr . parnassus ( cont 'd ) ( alarmed ) no ! another monk , sit at the table , immediately continue the story . substitute monk .. have be bring to the limit of he endurance ... mr nick freeze he too , stop he from speak . a third monk continue . third monk ... yet the force of evil could not prevail , and ... mr.nick render he silent . dr . parnassus stop ! ( continued ) 30 . 20 continued : ( 2 ) 20 mr nick zap dr . parnassus and all the other monk . all still . none of they can speak . mr nick there you be . you see . the story 's stop . no more story ... and yet , we be still here , the fire 's still burn ... he push open a window . mr nick ( cont 'd ) it 's still snow . the wind 's still blow . nothing 's change . dr . parnassus and the monk , still strike dumb , look appal . mr nick ( cont 'd ) cheer up ... I have freed you from this ridiculous nonsense . mr nick undoe the spell . the monk moan . dr . parnassus slump down in despair . mr nick smile and light a cigarette . he 's enjoy this . mr nick ( cont 'd ) now you can use you power to do something else . have fun , travel , learn a foreign language ... splat ! a gob of bird shit land on mr. nick be head . a eagle circle overhead . it swoops across the hall and exit through a window . dr . parnassus leap up , laugh , amaze , revive . dr . parnassus a sign ! a message ! that bird be a messenger ... from distant place we know not of ! ( triumphant ) other place ! the point be , you be wrong ! and I be wrong ! it do not have to be we here ! ( indicate monk ) somewhere in the world , at any give time ... someone be tell a story ! sustain the universe ! right now , it 's happen . ( more ) ( continued ) 31 . 20 continued : ( 3 ) 20 dr . parnassus ( cont 'd ) that 's why we be still here . you can not stop storey be tell somewhere ! you can not be everywhere ! mr nick be furious . mr nick ( irritate ) a weak hypothesis ! dr . parnassus ( smile ) yes ? mr nick stub out he cigarette . mr nick I tell you what ... you be probably not a betting man but ... mr nick whisper into the dr . parnassus 's ear . dr . parnassus ( v.o. ) and so I make a wager with the devil . 21 ext on the road ( middle age ) day / night 21 dr . parnassus and percy be travel the world with a little theatre . give performance . inviting audience member onto the stage to participate . dr . parnassus ( v.o. ) whichever of we win ten convert first , would win the bet ... my argument be the importance of the story , the power of the imagination ... his , the power of material thing , the supremacy of stuff ... naturally ... I win . CUT to another performance . now the 16th century . dr . parnassus ( v.o. ( cont 'd ) my prize ... ( a voice fill with horror ) ... be ever-last life . another show ... now the 18th century ( continued ) 32 . 21 continued : 21 dr . parnassus ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) everlasting torment ... everlasting ... everlasting ... Times change . no one want we tale any longer . 22 ext . modern CITY STREET day 22 dr . parnassus and percy be perform on a street corner in modern clothes . as be all the passersby who pay they no attention . they look exhaust , like beggar ... and very old . dr . parnassus ( v.o. ) it seem as though the Devil , after all ... have triumph ... and then ... one day .... a beautiful woman ( play by the same actress as valentina , but older with different coloured hair ) come into view . dr . parnassus ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) from the very first moment I see she , I be head - over-heel in love . she be beautiful , enchant , delightful , young ... but I ... I be several thousand year old ! how could I woo she ? what could I do ? 23 ext . cliff top evening 23 CUT to a desolate cliff top where percy be struggle with dr parnassus , try to prevent he from throw himself off the cliff . percy do not be a fool ! you can not die ! you be immortal ! you will just end up break , in the eternity ward , and I will be stick look after you ! forever ! dr . parnassus break free , stumble backwards , and pitch out into space . percy scream . dr . parnassus v.o . at time like this ... the devil be never far away . ( continued ) 33 . 23 continued : 23 dr . parnassus be hang by he coat , snag on a branch angle out from the cliff face and hold , like a fishing rod , by mr nick who have a great grin on he face . 24 ext . river day 24 CUT to a much young dr . parnassus and the beautiful woman in a row boat , picnick , as they float down a river . they be in love , very happy to be together . percy , wear a blazer , flannel and straw boater be row or punting . dr . parnassus ( v.o. ) the devil grant I mortality again ... and youth and great power . I win my bride . I be in love . but at what price ... the boat bump into a submerge log . dr . parnassus try to push free . several cigarette butt float past . look up , dr . parnassus see a man sit on the riverbank , fishing , smoking a cigarette . it 's mr nick . there be a loud and ominous clap of thunder . 25 int . parnassus ' den night 25 doctor parnassus ...at what price .... dr . parnassus look haggard . he close he eye . he sway and drop the paper-weight . valentina Father !... at that moment the wagon lurch to a stop and we hear frantic bang on the roof . dr parnassus be glad of the excuse not to go on . dr . parnassus we have stop . valentina what do you mean `at what price ' ? ( continued ) 34 . 25 continued : 25 dr . parnassus ( turn back to he tarot card ) it will wait , it will wait . another time . something 's happen . you would better go and see . valentina typical ! you insist I listen to a story and then you do not finish it ! more bang from above . dr . parnassus go and see ! valentina turn and go . parnassus look miserable but , almost relieved . he turn over the next card . it 's the hange man . it depict a body hang from a gibbet surround by several arcane object . parnassus study the card , try to wring some meaning from it - then lay the hange man in the space between the other . he take a swig from the bottle . 26 ext wagon on black friar ' bridge night 26 the wagon have stop in the middle of blackfriar 's bridge . it 's pour with rain . valentina , wear some sort of cover against the rain , climb out of the hatch and onto the roof of the wagon . here she find anton point excitedly down into the Thames . anton incredible ! I see somebody d- dance in the air .. under the b- bridge .. valentina look doubtfully at percy who peer morosely out from under he sou - wester and shake he head . anton ( cont 'd ) it 's true ! there be a sh-shadow on the water , when the lightning flashed ... ( continued ) 35 . 26 continued : 26 lightn flash again . we see what anton and valentina see . a shadow , on the water , of someone kdance ' , hang by he neck with a rope attach to the underside of the bridge . anton ( cont 'd ) ( triumphant ) you see ! the d-dancer ! valentina ( horrify ) there 's someone hang there ! anton ( smugly to percy ) I t-told you ! valentina a rope ! get a rope ! 27 ext side of black friar ' bridge moment later 27 anton be vabsail ' over the side of the bridge . one end of a rope be tie around he waist , the other be attach to the bridge parapet . a lantern dangle from he waist . valentina and percy watch anton be perilous descent . moment later there be two body hang from the bridge , the mysterious hanging man' and anton be . the man be hang by a noose around he neck , still jerk in he dance of death . his hand be tie behind he back . anton can not reach the man . anton ( shouting up ) I c-ca not reach he . valentina try again ! percy swing in ! valentina hurry up . ( continued ) 36 . 27 continued : 27 anton shoot percy and valentina a jaundice look and with valentina be help on she end of the rope begin to swing back and forth . eventually , with a big enough swing , he manage to hook he foot around the hanging man who have go limp . Dead . with extreme difficulty and great discomfort , anton pull the man close to he , take a knife from he pocket and cut the man be rope . anton and the man be now swinging back and forth together on anton be rope which be threaten to cut anton in half . anton arghhh !!!! valentina you have do it ! brilliant ! anton argggg !!! percy come on , do not hang about ! we be get soak up here ! 28 ext pavement on black friar ' bridge a little later 28 valentina , anton and percy manhandle the man over the parapet and onto the pavement . dr . parnassus have just step out onto the top of the wagon . soak . he 's drunk and be sway . dr . parnassus why be you fishing dead people out of the river ? he 's dead . leave he . let 's go . before the police turn up . he go , unsteadily , back inside . valentina and anton drag the man under the wagon , out of the rain . the man be dress in a expensive saville row suit . his jacket pocket be full of strange weight and arcane symbol have be scrawle on he forehead . he 's about 30 year old and very handsome . ( continued ) 37 . 28 continued : 28 the man appear to be dead but valentina decide to try the kiss of life . anton be make uncomfortable see valentina administer the kiss of life and he pull she away . anton no ! that will not work . and anyway , you d- do not know where he 's b-been . let I ... he bring both fist down hard on the centre of the man be chest . boing ! the `dead ' man cough , sit bolt upright , spit out a little metal tube and smashes he head on the underside of the wagon , knock himself out . the little metal tube clatter over the asphalt . anton ( cont 'd ) he 's alive ! valentina thank God . percy well , he be . anton pick up the little metal tube and examine it . anton what on earth be this ? 29 ext black friar ' bridge rear of wagon moment later 29 valentina , anton and percy drag the man from under the wagon and carry he to the rear . valentina put he in the big trunk . anton b-but ... valentina do not argue . percy the boss say leave he . ( continued ) 38 . 29 continued : 29 valentina he think he be dead . they start to bundle the man in one of the travel trunk attach to the back of the wagon . with the body hang half in half out , anton suddenly stop . anton I d- do not like it . it 's none of we b-business . valentina so , what do you suggest , we leave he on the side of the road ? anton do not want to answer that one . percy ( walk away ) definitely . valentina , single -handedly , heft the man into the trunk and carefully place a cushion under he head . a action not miss by anton . 30 ext derelict building dawn 30 the wagon stand , hide , among desert derelict building . all be quiet . the lid of the big travel trunk slowly open . the man struggle out . his neck be sore , he wrist ache and he head be bruise . he have not a clue where he be . he try to make sense of the wagon , the graze horse , the derelict building . some distance away a bizarre , horn and tail creature be involved in a strange contort dance . hope to avoid the creature , the man start to move away but be stop by a squeaky voice behind he . percy ( v.o. ) hey , you ! the man turn around to find percy look at he . percy ( cont 'd ) I suppose somebody save you life everyday of the week . ( continued ) 39 . 30 continued : 30 man ( croaking ) what ? he can hardly speak . it hurt he to do so . percy too much like routine to bother with a thank you . man ( with difficulty ) who be you ? percy percival St. antoine della touraine et sansepolcro da piemonte the third . if that prove too difficult , you may call I percy . man where be we ? percy geographically , in the Northern hemisphere . socially , on the margin . narratively , with some way to go . and you name be ... man ( appal ) I ... I can not remember . percy that 's handy . percy whistle to the dance creature , who turn and approach . the man be get very nervous . percy ( cont 'd ) any credit card ? man what ?.. oh..ok ... you can have whatever you want .. just do not .. percy ... with you name on they . man ah...right .. good idea . ( search he pocket ) ( more ) ( continued ) 40 . 30 continued : ( 2 ) 30 man ( cont 'd ) my wallet ... it 's go . nothing . I have be rob . percy do not look at we . creature what 's you name ? percy ( sceptical ) he can not remember . suddenly a mobile phone start ringing . they all look at each other . it 's in the man be pocket . but , he do not move . the creature take he head off .. it 's anton . anton might be for you . percy they will know who you be . the man still do not move . anton reach over and try to find the phone in the man be pocket . the man try to push he off and find the phone himself . the phone be retrieve but , in the struggle to answer it , it 's drop . a woman speak russian can be hear from the phone . as anton and the man dive for it , the man `accidently ' step on it . the phone be crush . percy ( cont 'd ) pity .. I speak Russian . anton and percy glare with deep suspicion at the man . dr . parnassus ( o.s. ) dammit ! I tell you to leave he . he be dead . dr . parnassus , hold a cold , damp towel to he throbbing head , appear , cough and miserable from the wagon . percy well , we do not and he be not . anton he be hang under the b-bridge . doctor parnassus hanging ? ( continued ) 41 . 30 continued : ( 3 ) 30 percy ( hand parnassus the noose ) by he neck . until dead . if we would have any sense . anton produce the brick with strange marking that be in the man be pocket . anton we find this in he p-pocket . doctor parnassus examine the brick with great interest . he pull out the hange man card and compare it 's arcane detail - a noose , strangely mark shape like brick , a metal tube - to the object find on the man . doctor parnassus the hang man ! valentina ( o.s. ) be he okay ? she appear from inside the wagon . valentina ( cont 'd ) ( to man ) be you alright ? man yes ... thank you . valentina ( to parnassus who be in deep think ) he try to kill himself . anton with he hand t-ty behind he b- back ? they all look at one another . good point . percy actually , I see that trick perform many year ago at .... anton s-somebody be try to k-kill he . ( continued ) 42 . 30 continued : ( 4 ) 30 valentina my God ... that 's exciting . anton we c-ca not let he stay with we . valentina why not ? anton we d- do not know what this be about , who he be , what he m-might have do ... man ( croaking ) I have not do anything . I be sure . I hope. please ... give I the benefit of the doubt . percy and Anton exchange know look . valentina ( appeal to parnassus ) Father ? doctor parnassus , look up from he study of the brick and noose , take the man aside , look closely , try to read the strange marking on he forehead . doctor parnassus this mark ... I recognize they . man ( puzzle ) Marks ? the man wipe he hand across he forehead . look at he inky hand .. confuse . doctor parnassus ( sotto voce ) you have be send by Mr Nick . man ( puzzle ) Mr Nick ? doctor parnassus ( impassion ) do not toy with I . tell I you be a emissary from Mr Nick . ( more ) ( continued ) 43 . 30 continued : ( 5 ) 30 doctor parnassus ( cont 'd ) tell I you have come with a proposition . tell I what I want to hear ! tony do not know what dr parnassus in talk about but he grasp the fact that if he want to be allow to stay here he need to play along . man yes . dr . parnassus thank God ! thank God ! thank God for that ! doctor parnassus take percy aside , show he the hange man tarot Card and indicate the man with a nod . doctor parnassus he 's from Mr Nick . percy no he 's not . doctor parnassus he 's come with a proposal . percy no he have not . doctor parnassus all be not lose . percy what proposal ? valentina Father ? doctor parnassus ( look at the card , then to the man ) you be welcome . man ( croaking ) thank you . percy groan and tear he hair . valentina be pleased . anton be not . valentina kiss parnassus on the cheek . 44 . 31 int doctor parnassus ' den a little later 31 the man precede doctor parnassus in the tiny room . he look around in amazement . doctor parnassus we can talk here . sit down , sit down . man thank you . he do so . doctor parnassus sit opposite he . doctor parnassus ( expectantly ) so ... pause man ( try to look on top of it ) I like you study . doctor parnassus the message . man ( cautiously ) the message ? doctor parnassus the message ! what 's the message ? from Mr Nick . what do he want ? man ah ... well ... that 's the problem ... doctor parnassus Problem ? what problem ? man unfortunately ... I have lose my memory . doctor parnassus what !? man it will come back . I be sure . ( continued ) 45 . 31 continued : 31 doctor parnassus you have lose you memory ? man I just ... it need time ... to recover . doctor parnassus ( incredulous ) you have come here with a message .... a vitally important message from mister Nick ... a matter of life or death ... and you can not remember what it be !? man not at the moment . I be sorry . it 's never happen before . doctor parnassus aaaaarrrrrgggghhhh !!! buggerbuggerbugger !!!!! 32 ext shopping mall parking lot night 32 the wagon be park in a shopping mall parking lot . the theatre be be open up by percy and anton . there be a few late night shopper come and go . 33 int backstage that moment 33 valentina , dress as ` beauty ' , be rummage in a theatre skip , help the man find something to wear for the show . there be a slight whiff of sexual attraction in the air . valentina he say you must work ... to focus you mind . you can help out front .. sell ticket . ah , here we be ... ( pull out a full bottome wig ) try this . you can be ` justice ' . the man try on the wig and look in a mirror . valentina try not to laugh . ( continued ) 46 . 33 continued : 33 man ( pull a face ) exactly . a laugh stock . valentina just like the rest of we . man ( pull out a carnival mask ) I think I will hide behind this . valentina no face . no name . the mystery thicken . I be go to have to give you a name ... she press a metal breast - plate to he chest . valentina ( cont 'd ) ... until you remember who you be , I dub thee Saint George . you can save I from the dragon . George . GEORGE hold on !.. what dragon ? valentina you have meet parnassus . mischievously , she tie a chiffon tutu around he waist . GEORGE now you be make fun of I . valentina giggle . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) I be sorry but , nobody laugh at I without pay the price .... ah , ha . he begin tickle she . she laugh uncontrollably , fall backwards into the costume skip .. anton o/s we c-ca not do it . we ... anton enter wear he mercury gear . he freeze , see GEORGE and valentina rollick about . they stop , look up . valentina hi , Anton .... what ? ( continued ) 47 . 33 continued : ( 2 ) 33 anton the show . we c-ca not do it . it 's you father ... valentina ( alarmed ) what be it ? what 's happen ? 34 int doctor parnassus ' cabin moment later 34 valentina and anton arrive in the doorway , dismay . GEORGE hover in the background . doctor parnassus be attempt to get ready for the show but he 's so drunk he can hardly stand . he 's already put some article of clothing on back - to - front or inside out . percy be try to help . valentina oh no ! doctor parnassus can he remember ! ( see man in doorway ) can you remember ? GEORGE not yet . doctor parnassus bloody useless ! Mr Nick send a emissary and he can not bloody remember ! it 's a bloody disaster ! valentina you can not go on . you be drunk . doctor parnassus I be not drunk ! I be under considerable stress . valentina ( to percy you will have to do it . doctor parnassus no ! no understudy ! the audience will not tolerate a understudy ! there 's only one Doctor parnassus , and I be he ! ( continued ) 48 . 34 continued : 34 GEORGE ( interrupt ) somebody make some strong coffee . everyone look at George . doctor parnassus strong coffee ? brilliant ! ( sarcastically salute George ) this be why fate have bring we together . do not worry about remember ... it 's all the same to a man on a gallop horse ! 35 ext shopping mall parking lot theatre 35 doctor parnassus be on stage , float ' on he glass pillar , apparently in a trance but , hum erratically . he be flanke by valentina and anton who stay close to parnassus in case he fall . percy be in he medieval costume / one-man-band outfit . they all look uneasy . anton ( a bit low - key ) for one night only ... raise you sight ... encounter the majesty , the beauty , the miracle that 's in each and every one of you . take this opportunity to expand you horizon . it 's not too late . experience the imaginarium of the great Doctor parnassus . valentina peer out over the vfootlight ' in the hope of catch sight of GEORGE . valentina where 's George ? he 's nowhere in sight . anton ( sarcastically ) p-probably remember he have a wife or t-two back in Russia . valentina give he a dirty look . 49 . 36 int shopping mall supermarket that moment 36 GEORGE , wear he `romantic ' Venice carnival mask be smooth - talk several middle - age lady on queue at the supermarket check - out . he 's carry the theatre 's ticket dispenser . GEORGE Three ticket for the price of two ... that 's a fantastic deal . it 's a brilliant show . much better than sex . much ribald laughter from the flatter lady . 37 ext shopping mall parking lot later 37 the shopper have go . the last car drive out of the car park leave it empty except for the theatre wagon . anton , valentina and percy be on they own . parnassus , on he plinth , be asleep and snore . anton thank g-god ... n- not a single customer ! percy let 's close up quick while the go 's good . valentina ( amaze ) he 's never not do a show before ... maybe he 's past it . ( hopefully ) maybe it 's time to retire . parnassus groan in he sleep . anton ( look out front ) oh n-no ! anton see GEORGE head towards they with a mob of middle - aged women in tow . bubble with excitement , the mob arrive . ( continued ) 50 . 37 continued : 37 evelyn oh look ! how fascinating . the other women agree . evelyn ( cont 'd ) ( look at she watch ) when do the next show start ? percy there be not a next show . evelyn and the other women be puzzle . percy ( cont 'd ) we have do all the show we be do here this evening . deidre but we have get ticket . GEORGE look hopefully at valentina and anton who do not know what to say . we hear a crash . the camera pan around . parnassus have fall off he perch and be now lie on the floor ... snore and mumble . valentina and some of the women run forward . sylvia this man 's drunk . Dead drunk . evelyn disgraceful . valentina o/s ( suddenly defensive of she father ) he 's not drunk . he 's get a bad cold .... GEORGE but be a true professional he try to keep go , at considerable risk to he health . valentina and GEORGE exchange a quick look . valentina think she 's find a kindre spirit . ( continued ) 51 . 37 continued : ( 2 ) 37 deidre we want we money back . GEORGE no problem ... dear lady . no problem at all . I be so terribly sorry . I can not apologize enough . you can have you money back or , if you like ... a extra free ticket . better yet , two extra free ticket if you buy another ticket at half price . this offer be only available today . the women look on the verge of take up the offer . anton and percy exchange look . they can not believe george' chutzpah . 38 ext car park a little later 38 the wagon rumble across the desert carpark . 39 int the wagon that moment 39 a large pile of coin with quite a few note mix in tumble onto a table . GEORGE be empty he pocket while valentina and anton look on .. valentina wow ! you take all that ? GEORGE I get carry away . anton lying through you t-teeth can do that to you . valentina Anton ! GEORGE ( unperturb ) most of they be come tomorrow . anton what tomorrow ? we be go . ( continued ) 52 . 39 continued : 39 GEORGE ( shrug ) okay , if it make you feel better , I will give it back . anton ( sarcastic ) N - no , keep it . thanks to you we can afford to buy valentina a b- birthday cake . valentina ( offended ) that 's enough ! anton storm off . GEORGE look at valentina sympathetically . GEORGE do not be angry with he . he 's a little bit jealous . he 's young . insecure . I will make it my job to boost he confidence . valentina smile at George with admiration and approval . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) when 's you birthday ? 40 ext supermarket car park that moment 40 as the wagon trundle out of the desert car park a dark figure hop onto the rear platform . 41 int doctor parnassus ' cabin moment later 41 doctor parnassus be groan and clutching he head . he have a fierce hangover . he pour some powder from a packet into a glass of water , stir it with he finger and knock it back . he grimace and shudder . a hatch / shutter on the small window behind he slide open to reveal the grin head of mr nick . mr nick you should not drink , it do not agree with you . startle , doctor parnassus spin around . ( continued ) 53 . 41 continued : 41 doctor parnassus what do you want ? I will do anything . mr nick ( smile ) I know . doctor parnassus you be man 's lose he memory ! he 's bloody hopeless ! mr nick he 's not my man . doctor parnassus what ? mr nick tony shepherd . Little toe-rag . he use to run a big charity . I would not trust he . but then ... you do not trust I do you ? doctor parnassus for God 's sake ! tell I what you want ! mr nick I just think ... see you so upset last night ... that you need a glimmer of hope ... maybe a little bet ? doctor parnassus on valentina ? mr nick no ? doctor parnassus you bastard ! mr nick first to five ?... you might win . and save she . what do you have to lose ? dr . parnassus I will kill you ! ( continued ) 54 . 41 continued : ( 2 ) 41 mr nick ( laugh ) now that would be something . by she birthday then . doctor parnassus what ! impossible !.. you have see the business we be do . mr nick thing be go to pick up . as sure as egg be egg . he close the hatch / shutter with a bang . doctor parnassus wait ! too late . he 's go . 42 ext derelict building dawn 42 back amongst the derelict building the troupe be rest and do chore . the horse be graze . valentina sit at a mirror fussing with various hair style - slyly try to catch GEORGE 's attention . parnassus , hold he aching head , sit a short distance away sadly watch she . percy be with he . percy five soul .. two day , eh !? dr . parnassus shh ! I be try to think . percy I tell you do not I ? dr . parnassus what ? percy that he be a wrong -un . percy nod he head in George 's direction . ( continued ) 55 . 42 continued : 42 dr . parnassus trust in providence , percy . remember the hang man . the card do not lie . percy no ... but they sure as hell like be economical with the truth . CUT to anton who be painting a long-stemmed , wooden flower ... he come over to valentina with it in he hand . valentina ( look away ) do not talk to I . anton p-please ... I be sorry about last night . I behave like a idiot . valentina yes . anton suddenly plop down on he arse in a puddle of mud . then spin , flip the flower high into the air and , roll face down onto he stomach , catch the stem with he clench buttock . valentina burst out laugh . anton you must admit ... even idiot have they quality . CUT to GEORGE who be peel potato , badly . parnassus and percy come up behind he . doctor parnassus George ... we would like to know who you really be . GEORGE what ?... yes . I too . doctor parnassus I may be able to help . GEORGE really ? what ?... how ...? percy produce a small contraption with wire from behind he back and give it to dr parnassus . ( continued ) 56 . 42 continued : ( 2 ) 42 doctor parnassus hold this piece of wire . percy you will not feel a thing . GEORGE take the end of the wire . doctor parnassus I be go to put the tip of my finger on the top of you head . he do so . doctor parnassus ( cont 'd ) I want you to relax and try as far as possible to think of nothing . GEORGE that 's not difficult ... in my condition . doctor parnassus close he eye . he seem to be make a effort . doctor parnassus hold you breath . GEORGE do so . doctor parnassus ( cont 'd ) very good , very good . yes ... yes , I see ... I see ... very interesting . doctor parnassus take he hand from george' head and give the contraption back to percy . percy you may breathe normally . the effort seem to have tired parnassus . he need to sit down . GEORGE what ... ? doctor parnassus alas , this technique have its limitation . GEORGE but ... do you discover anything ? ( continued ) 57 . 42 continued : ( 3 ) 42 doctor parnassus ( dramatically ) you name . GEORGE my name ?... what be it ? pause . doctor parnassus Anthony shepherd . tony ( stunne ) my God ! that 's it ! you be right ! Anthony shepherd ! they call I tony . tony shepherd ! that 's who I be ! valentina and anton begin to pay attention and gather around . doctor parnassus and ... you use to do good work . something to do with charity I think . tony yes ... that 's right ! that 's right ! but how ?... doctor parnassus ( dismissively ) it 's a ancient technique of mental divination , but I be very rusty and it do not always work satisfactorily . tony but that 's amazing ! brilliant ! ( oddly concerned ) be there anything else ? doctor parnassus shake he head , no . tony ( cont 'd ) ( relieved ) that 's absolutely fantastic ! thank you . perhaps I will remember other thing . parnassus smile and bow slightly ironically . ( continued ) 58 . 42 continued : ( 4 ) 42 valentina Charity work ? I know you be a good person . percy so what be he do dangle under a bridge from he neck ? valentina percy ! percy ( sarcastic ) oh dear , be that a rude question ? have I put my foot in it ? tony that 's so strange . and horrible .. it 's a complete blank . but I do remember I be involved in some sort of charity .. try to do good , to make the world a better place , you know ... inspire people , give they hope .... ( self deprecatingly ) what a arrogant idiot . valentina look at he think `what a sympathetic person . ' the sound of a flutey whistle distract he . anton be blow a tune on the metal tube he find on the bridge . tony ( cont 'd ) what 's that ? anton ( with a superior air ) mozart 's flute concerto in G. tony I mean , the pipe . where do you get it ? anton look at the metal pipe . anton I find it . tony it 's mine . ( continued ) 59 . 42 continued : ( 5 ) 42 anton oh . you be a musician n-now . tony it 's not a musical instrument . May I have it ?... please . anton ( teasing ) be you s-sure it 's yours ? tony positive . anton alright . anton appear to offer the pipe to tony but palm it so that when tony reach out to take it , it 's go . anton ( cont 'd ) it 's g-gone . tony ( get shirty ) do not fool around . anton ah , there it be . tony once more try to take it . once more anton make it disappear . tony ( angry ) give it to I ! anton ( derisively ) oooooh ! valentina Anton , that 's enough . she step forward , take the pipe from anton and give it to tony . tony thank you . dr . parnassus , who 's be watch this exchange , look thoughtful . 60 . 43 ext the wagon night 43 parnassus and CO be prepare to move out and do a show . anton be work near parnassus and percy who be unaware of he presence . dr . parnassus what 's eat Anton ? anton prick up he ear . percy he 's in love with valentina ? dr . parnassus ( dumbfounded ) in love ....? percy it happen . dr . parnassus the little snake ! I will skin he alive ! CUT to anton who wince . percy while you be at it , do not forget the other one . dr . parnassus look at percy questioningly . percy ( cont 'd ) the viper , the scorpion , the amnesiac boa constrictor . tony . dr . parnassus quite another kettle of fish . percy really ? doctor parnassus he 's ambitious , energetic ... a man of destiny . ( continued ) 61 . 43 continued : 43 percy ( ironic ) and he 's go to help we win five soul . dr . parnassus I think he might . valentina see good in he . percy she would be better off with Anton . CUT to anton who 's pleased . dr . parnassus perhaps I should offer she hand to whoever help most in win the next five soul . CUT to anton who look puzzle . percy that 's even worse than the other idea you have have today . dr . parnassus ( sigh ) you be not wrong ... ah , percy , what would I do without you ? percy get a midget . CUT to anton as he move , thoughtfully , away . 44 ext outside pub night 44 the theatre , park outside a pub , be up and run . anton , as mercury , be do he pitch . anton sleep no more . procrastinate no longer . embrace this once in a life - time opportunity . let the mind of Doctor parnassus be the portal to the infinite world of you imagination . behind the curtain , percy be signal valentina to see if doctor parnassus have be drink . she sniff he . ( continued ) 62 . 44 continued : 44 doctor parnassus what be you do ? please concentrate . we have get a tremendous amount of work to do tonight . a great deal depend on it . a roll on the drum from percy . the curtain rise . doctor parnassus vfloat ' above the stage on he glass plinth . anton as old as the universe itself , the great Doctor , verse in every mystic practice know to man , and many more besides , will guide you to you destiny . however , the audience - a few passer - by and drinker who have drift out of the pub for a smoke - be not much interested in anton . instead they pay more attention to the mask tony who , deck out in a stylish costume , be work the sparse crowd with he smooth charm . anton , irritate , glance back at doctor parnassus who be worried about the lack of customer . tony be now surround by fascinate women . they laugh at one of he joke . one pretty young woman , sally , in particular seem to be smitten by the handsome `actor ' . tony smile seductively at she . the sight provoke anton . he leap off the stage , grab sally by the wrist and begin to pull she to the stage . percy keep play . sally ( laugh ) what ?... hey , what you do ? anton t-take you to the heart of you imagination ! anton be try to compete with tony but just can not manage the charm . sally ( good humoure ) oh my god ! no way ! anton you will not regret it ! ( continued ) 63 . 44 continued : ( 2 ) 44 female friend go for it sal ! sally ( indicate friend ) only if she come with I . female friend ( enthusiastic ) now you be talk ! a few onlooker cheer . anton N - not at the same time ! anton be still pull sally onto the stage . sally I be not go on my own . anton you imagination be a very special place . Doctor parnassus will make it flower . sally I bet he will . more laugh . female friend we will do it together . more laugh . anton ( shake he head ) no. t-two c-compete imagination in the imaginarium at the same time ... it 's n- not advisable . female friend eh ? anton the stronger imagination will overcome the weaker and then there 's n-no know what might happen . ( continued ) 64 . 44 continued : ( 3 ) 44 female friend that 's really stupid . sally let go ! anton D - do not be afraid , d-dear lady . you will be safe with I . Anton sweep she off she foot and carry she onto the stage . sally put I down ! anton have no fear . female friend she do not want to do it on she own ! anton only b-because she d-do not realize ... female friend let go of she you silly pillock ! valentina , worried , step forward to try and restrain anton . valentina Anton ... anton it 's alright ! it 's alright ! stagger under the weight of the struggle sally , anton barge into doctor parnassus ' on he glass plinth . the plinth rock and teeter . valentina try to stop it fall . anton , unaware of what he 's do , disappear through the mirror as doctor parnassus crash head first onto the stage . crack ! from behind the mirror come the sound of a woman 's terrifying , terrify scream . ( continued ) 65 . 44 continued : ( 4 ) 44 female friend sally ! they have get she in there ! that 's she scream ! sal ! they do something to she ! sally ! help , somebody ! help ! save she ! upstage valentina tend the stunne doctor . he clutches he head in pain . valentina Father ! Father ! 45 int / ext the mind of dr . parnassus that moment 45 terrify , anton and the scream sally be spun through a black void cling desperately to a asteroid as planet and star spin madly around they . blood-re lightning bolt crackle and crash . Chaos . 46 ext outside pub that moment 46 out front , the crowd , larger now , be reacting badly to the dreadful scream . Sally 's friend try to storm the stage . tony and percy try to hold they back . tony please . everything 's alright . it 's okay . really . I promise you . a middle aged woman hit he with she handbag . tony and percy be in danger of be overwhelm . we can still hear Sally scream from somewhere within the stage . tony ( cont 'd ) lady and gentleman . lady and gentleman .... please ... a drunk take a swing at percy , miss , and connect with tony . tony ( cont 'd ) ugh ! he fall off the stage and disappear into the angry crowd who begin pummelling and kick he . ( continued ) 66 . 46 continued : 46 percy , desperate , produce a pistol and fire a couple of shot into the air . everyone dive for cover . percy , take advantage of the temporary lull , begin to race around , untying , unhook , and pull on rope . the theatre begin to close up as the horse bolt and the wagon clatter off down the street , bit fall off as it go . voice in crowd somebody call the police ! a batter tony , chase by the enraged crowd , just manage to clamber on board , with the help of valentina . the wagon narrowly succeed in out - pace the fastest of the crowd . as it disappear down the street , a figure be dumped unceremoniously out through the back door of the wagon . it 's the terrify sally , send sprawling in the middle of the road . a figure step out from the shadow to help she to she foot . it 's mr. nick in he bowler and red waistcoat . 47 ext . rubbish tip night 47 a police siren howl as the wagon come crash around the corner of a great rubbish tip and clatter to a halt ... the horse steaming , section of the theatre hang loose , break .. a utter mess . the siren fade into the distance . 48 int / ext theatre / wagon night 48 amongst collapse scenery parnassus lie in a heap . the other be struggle to they foot . anton be desperately try to do something useful to help parnassus but , valentina push he out of the way . valentina what be you think ? look what you have do . get out of the way ! ( appeal to tony ) tony . tony , batter and bleed , help she lift parnassus and manoeuvre he to he room . ( continued ) 67 . 48 continued : 48 anton be mortify . percy pat he on the back . percy better luck next time . 49 int parnassus ' room night 49 tony help valentina get parnassus comfortable . doctor parnassus ( babbling ) this be my punishment . all be lose . first to five . one down . impossible , valentina . first to five . one down . no people . no time , valentina . we be doom . valentina ( very concerned ) ssshhhh ... thanks , tony . leave we . tony , nod , leave slowly . listen . 50 ext . wagon night 50 percy be angrily bang about , try to repair the damage . anton be try to help but , be just get in the way . percy do I a favour . take a long walk off a short pier . tony arrive . tony can I help ? percy bugger off ! tony find anton sit despondently a short way from the wagon swigging from a bottle . he sit down next to he . anton l-leave I alone . tony what be you do to that girl behind the mirror ? ( continued ) 68 . 50 continued : 50 anton ( incense ) what be you suggest ? tony oh , c'mon ... we all hear she scream . anton I be scream as well . it be t- terrifying ... tony terrify ? why ? I do not understand . anton ( reluctantly ) no , well ... you would not . you have n- never be inside the d- Doctor 's mind have you ? tony you not try to tell I that mind control stuff be real ? anton you think it 's some k-kind of scam , d- do not you ? tony be not it ? anton no ... but I d- do not expect you to g- get it ... n- not in a million year . tony hang on .. if he can really control people 's mind , why be not he ruling the world ? why bother with this crappy side show ? anton he d-do not want to rule the world d-do he ?... he want the world to rule itself ! tony what a waste ... tell I about the mirror . what 's the point of that , if not to razzle - dazzle the public ? ( continued ) 69 . 50 continued : ( 2 ) 50 anton ( smile sardonically ) you be way off the mark . ( take a swig ) it 's a b-bloody great mystery ... wrap in a b-brown p-paper b-bag enema ... or do I mean , enigma ... he pull himself up and start to stagger off . tony er... one more thing .... do `first to five ' mean anything to you ? anton look at tony with loathing . anton I think you be the c-clever one . he walk away into the darkness . tony sit there busily think . 51 ext rubbish tip dawn 51 the morning light suffuse mountain of domestic refuse . rubbish for as far as the eye can see . plastic sack of various colour , many spilling open . a few fire be burn . flock of scavenge sea gull hover and dive , scream blue murder . on one of the many pinnacle of garbage sit a lonely figure . it 's anton , depressed , angry , forlorn . the camera swing round to show , below anton , in a valley of waste material , the wagon . 52 ext . the wagon dawn 52 percy have spread out the break scenery assess the damage . in the shadow of the wagon valentina be change tony be dressing . valentina thank God it 's only cut and bruise . I think we would lose you . ( continued ) 70 . 52 continued : 52 tony if you have not be there ... he hold she hand . look deep into she eye . tony ( cont 'd ) valentina , you father seem in a terrible state . be it the police ? the show ? maybe I can help . valentina I do not know what 's wrong with he , but if it 's about the show ... I do not care . I be tired of it ... let the police arrest we . I be sick of live like this .... she look miserable . tony put he arm around she . hold she tightly to he . tony do not say that . what you be do be important . really important . it 's just ... maybe ... it should be do in a different way . he be about to kiss she . doctor parnassus o/s what sort of " different " way do you suggest ? dr . parnassus , grim face , head bandage , step from behind the wagon . tony and valentina quickly disengage . tony oh , hello , good morning sir . how be you feel ? that be a nasty bump on the head you get .. doctor parnassus o/s ( beady eye ) " different ? " tony well , sir , I have be think ... it 's clear the show 's not attract many people . forgive I but ... I see two way of tackle this problem . ( more ) ( continued ) 71 . 52 continued : ( 2 ) 52 tony ( cont 'd ) either the style of the show be at fault ... or the type of audience . I would suggest change both . percy have appear , drag a damage flat . percy Change the show !? who the fizzing hell do you think you be ?...... doctor parnassus shhh ! he sit down heavily . tony I be sorry but .. you be not modern . people want modern . look . he hold open a tatter fashion magazine to a page of beautifully photograph model in a fabulously magical set . he thumb through more page of dreamy image . tony ( cont 'd ) this be modern . it work . trust I , I understand this world . ( with a wink ) this kind of mind control . let 's try to meet the public halfway .. the right public.. and in a better part of town . from behind the wagon anton watch forlornly . alone and unnotice by the other . percy what about the filth ? tony ( puzzle ) what ? percy the filth . the police . tony there will be a better class of police too . percy that will be the day . ( continued ) 72 . 52 continued : ( 3 ) 52 tony the trick be not to hide . Change you colour . be bold . go where they would least expect to find you . I think we have be bring together for a reason . I do not believe in coincidence . you save my life . now let I do something in return . parnassus confer with percy . doctor parnassus we time 's nearly up ... this could be what we need . tony ( to valentina ) this can be my birthday gift to valentina . valentina smile and nod to parnassus . dr . parnassus well then ... ( with a burst of energy ) for God 's sake let 's do it !!! percy ( sigh ) yeah , okay , but what exactly do we do ? tony well ... first of all , I want you to give I you money . all of it . what ?! parnassus , percy , and valentina look at each other . then parnassus see something beyond the wagon ... anton , downcast , head off through the swirl plastic bag and fly rubbish ... a batter suitcase in he hand . dr . parnassus Anton ! where be you go ? no answer from anton . valentina run after he but , he march on silently . ( continued ) 73 . 52 continued : ( 4 ) 52 valentina what be you do ? do not you do enough damage last night ? ( pummmelling he back ) Anton ... I be the one who want to run away ! ( he slow ) be you try to wreck my birthday , or what ? Anton stop , still not look at valentina he slowly drop he suitcase . valentina ( cont 'd ) please . we need you . move , anton turn to she . she smile sweetly . valentina ( cont 'd ) how much money have you get ? 53 ext bond STREET evening 53 Close up on parnassus 's glass plinth .. now open-topped and sit on the edge of the stage ... full of the troupe 's savings . a sign proclaim " please take generously " directly behind the glass box be a half - globe with the continent of Africa feature . sitting on top be percy play something ethnic but tasteful on a flute with one hand ... he other be hold out pathetically ... a beggar . he 's black up and dress in rag . he do not look happy . he sneak nervous glance at the glass box of money . the wagon , newly paint in sleek and stylish black and white , stand in bond Street or some similarly fashionable street with expensive shop and art gallery . rich women anxious to be conspicuous in they consumption of wealth glide past . New sign proclaim ` the Choice be your ' ` the imaginarium - more exclusive than ever ' . the stage , hang with soft , flow , gauzy fabric , have be chromatically divide in half - one side black , the other white . on the dark side a bloat , sun -glass woman consume vast quantity of food recline on a elaborate lounge . she be , in fact , a very uncomfortable anton in full and fulsome drag . ( continued ) 74 . 53 continued : 53 Center stage stand dr . parnassus dress as a stylize doctor with head reflector . in he hand be a staff with a elaborate sun on the top . he be blindfolded . on the white side of the stage stand the mirror and a stylize Tree of knowledge with bright red apple . under the tree , and reflect in the mirror , sit valentina as Eve ... naked except for a long wig that maintain she modesty . she gracefully comb she hair . above the mirror be a sign proclaim " the nake Truth " . dr . parnassus , peek under he blindfold , be distinctly uncomfortable by he daughter 's lack of attire . tony , in a beautifully cut white suit , and wear he `romantic ' venetian carnival mask sit in profile in a dreamy pose on the edge of the white side of the stage . nobody speak . they pay no attention to the crowd . a few woman stop , curious . one of they take out some money and put it in the glass plinth and turn to go . tony ( retrieve the money ) Excuse I , madam . I be afraid we can not accept this . the woman stop , confuse . tony hand she back she money . tony ( cont 'd ) we be here to give ... not take . we be here to help that in need . if it 's money you need , then here it be . ( refer to the glass plinth ) if it 's the flowering of the soul you need , then here we be but , unfortunately we be book solid at the moment . but thank you .. I can see you have a generous spirit . tony return to he pensive pose . the woman look at each other . woman Excuse I but , how do this work ? what do it cost ? ( continued ) 75 . 53 continued : ( 2 ) 53 tony cost ? money be no good in the imaginarium . this be a refuge for heart in need of truth . a place for soul to be purify . woman 2 how long do that take ? I be run late . tony madam , why should you care about time ? what be you dream worth in minute ? the woman grow pensive . tony ( cont 'd ) there be hard choice to be make in life . ( he indicate the tableaux ) what about the dream of the less fortunate in the world . do you have time for they dream ? or be you like I once be ... do you just despair ? despair at all that be wrong in the world .. ( get to he foot ) ... despair at you inability to do anything to change it .. to make it better ... I despair so much at the powerlessness of my own existence that I take the easy way out ... the coward 's way ... I commit suicide ! yes , that 's right , I kill myself . can you understand my despair ? but I be save ... save by a miracle ... the imaginarium ... and Doctor parnassus . he bring I back from the dead . he give I a new life . a reason to live . he have give I power to dream again ... to dream of a better world . during he speech , more and more people have gather . some be actually weep . they be press forward put money in the plinth . tony try to stop they but , they insist . valentina , anton , percy , and dr . parnassus be astonished by tony be performance . ( continued ) 76 . 53 continued : ( 3 ) 53 voice in crowd stop push !/ Excuse I , can one make a book ?/ be you take booking ?/ stop push at the back !/ form a queue ! tony please , I be sorry but , we be book solid at the moment . a Louis vuitton-dressed woman ( 60 + year old ) at the back of the crowd shout : louis vuitton woman be that child up for adoption ? she point at the black up percy . louis vuitton woman ( cont 'd ) I want to adopt that unfortunate black child . it should not be work like this . it should be in school . percy be appal . louis vuitton woman ( cont 'd ) who 's in charge here ? the louis vuitton woman look around as a couple of police officer arrive on the scene . tony spot they too and head off the louis vuitton woman as she make towards they . tony madam , congratulation , you have be choose . the other women gasp . louis vuitton woman what ? tony come forward and enter the imaginarium . louis vuitton woman but , I have not pay . ( continued ) 77 . 53 continued : ( 4 ) 53 tony we do not want you money . we want you hope and dream . you may make a donation later , if you wish . louis vuitton woman but ... tony this be a rare moment . very few be choose . do not miss this once - in - a - life- time opportunity . this way . please . he usher the uneasy louis vuitton woman onto the stage and guide she upstage . parnassus go into he trance . tony ( cont 'd ) believe I madam , you be the luckiest woman in the world . the louis vuitton woman step into the mirror . tony hesitates ..a moment of uncertainty . valentina encourage he with a smile . he step through . across the street a clock begin strike the hour . CUT to the two police officer who start to move the crowd and show on . policeman alright , I think it 's time to move on , folk . but on spot the naked valentina who wink at they , they agree between themselves to give the show a bit longer . 54 int / ext imaginarium 54 tony and the louis vuitton woman be astonished to find themselves in the romantic , soft -focus , pastel - colour set of a soothing , sophisticated , shampoo commercial . Soft fabric waft , cleanse waterfall cascade , rise - petal float through the air , beautiful girl swing from swing attach to cloud - all in delicious slow motion . louis vuitton woman ( overcome ) oh ... how gorgeous ... ( continued ) 78 . 54 continued : 54 the louis vuitton woman take tony's hand and look at he meaningfully . tony , disorientate , take a moment to regain he composure . he smile and , with a effort , put he arm around the louis vuitton woman be wide waist . he look into she eye . she 's in love . louis vuitton woman ( cont 'd ) ( moan softly ) ohhh ... what bliss ... and I do not even know you name ... tony tony ... louis vuitton woman tony . how dash . a bar or two of tango encourage they to take a couple of intimate tango dance step . now gently wafting curtain part to reveal .. down a flower strewn path and over a bridge ... a sleazy motel with a shingle over the door read : " the one night stand Motel " . in the office window sit mr . nick louis vuitton woman ( cont 'd ) oh , goodness I ! she bat she eyelash at tony and begin , knowingly , to pull he towards the motel . tony ( resisting ) if I be not wrong , I fear you must go alone . the louis vuitton woman pout playfully , pull he onwards . louis vuitton woman why would I want to go without you darling ? tony it 's one of the rule ... one imagination at a time , free from the influence of another . louis vuitton woman ( petulant ) bore . ( continued ) 79 . 54 continued : ( 2 ) 54 they have reach the bridge . stair descend to a stream . tony oh..look ... another possibility .. below they a gondola rest in the stream as small , flower bedeck barque float past with frame picture of romantic heroes who die young ; keat , shelly , Byron , James Dean , rudolph valentino , Marilyn Monroe , buddy Holly , princess diana ... the stream continue off into the distance to a dark , tower egyptian pyramid . tony be as bemuse as the louis vuitton woman . tony ( cont 'd ) you must make a choice ... and ... actually , to be honest , I would strongly recommend this one . louis vuitton woman but ... rudolph valentino , James Dean , princess di?... all this people ... they be dead . tony ( think fast ) exactly . to be reborn , first you must die . all of they have achieve a kind of immortality . and we love they all the more for it . they will not get old or fat . they will not get sick or feeble . they be beyond fear . they be forever young . they be god . and you can join they . louis vuitton woman ( soften ) you be such a wonderful speaker . the gondola await .... with a beautiful male model at the helm . the louis vuitton woman smile at he . tony there 's not a moment to lose . but as she hesitates a dark shadow rise over they . tony , look past the woman " S shoulder , see the dark water of the stream rise up transform into a gigantic king cobra that tower menacingly over they . it 's wear a bowler hat ... and it 's angry . ( continued ) 80 . 54 continued : ( 3 ) 54 tony ( cont 'd ) but you sacrifice must be pure . you have to let go of all this worldly goods . he help the louis vuitton woman remove she necklace , earring , bracelet , ring , broach , in double quick time and guide she onto the gondola , blow a kiss after she . tony ( cont 'd ) remember nothing be permanent ... not even death . he turn back to see the gigantic king cobra shrink back below the bridge , transform itself back into the water of the stream . from under the arch of the bridge hang a rope . at its end .. a hangman 's noose . tony stare at it darkly disconcert . 55 ext . stage evening 55 tony re-enter the stage through the mirror , look at dr . parnassus who have just come out of he trance with astonishment tony ( gobsmack ) that be so ... I have no idea ... it 's just ... incredible . ... and then he realize the clock be still strike the hour realize that only a few moment have pass since he enter the mirror . tony ( cont 'd ) ..how do you do this ? doctor parnassus ( ignore he and with a big theatrical gesture ) hooplah ! the louis vuitton woman reappear , sit on a cut - out cloud descend from the ceiling of the stage . she look radiant . she be weep , completely overcome by she experience . parnassus step forward and help she to she foot . she kiss he hand in gratitude . ( continued ) 81 . 55 continued : 55 louis vuitton woman thank you , thank you , that be so beautiful , I feel so ... thank you so much ... doctor parnassus ( graciously ) thank you , dear Lady , you give I strength to continue bear again , tearful but transcendent , the louis vuitton woman produce she cheque book and begin to write a cheque . tony be freeze , confuse . the crowd be still ... stunne by the louis vuitton woman 's transformation as she deposit the cheque , she handbag , she expensive coat in the glass box and glide benignly through the crowd ... which part in awe . pause ... and then the other women rush the stage . mayhem be narrowly avert as tony and percy manage to coral they into a more - or-less orderly queue . across the street , stand in the doorway of a shop sell luxury goods , be mr nick . he watch event , intrigue ... ... as tony escort a second woman through the mirror , and a third , they descend , ecstatic , empty the content of they handbags , they pearl , earring and diamond ring into the glass box . tony pay off the cop who move on . tony , get more and more flamboyant , forget to lower he mask each time he re-enter the stage . and now a fourth woman descend . four success for doctor parnassus . dr . parnassus ( aside to percy ) one more to go and we be free . doctor parnassus spot mr nick across the street , smile , hold up four finger . mr nick give a little `I be not impressed ' smirk and turn away and pretend to be interested in the luxury goods in the shop window as four large dark heavy russian men , all laden with luxury shopping walk past . one of the russian stop .. look at the show ..at tony whose mask be sit on top of he head . the lead russian pull he on . ( continued ) 82 . 55 continued : ( 2 ) 55 vladimir ( in russian ) subtitled c'mon .. what be you watch that crap for . serge ( in russian ) ( point at tony ) it 's he ! vladimir ( in russian ) who be you talk about ? ( follow serge 's point finger ) impossible . serge ( in russian ) I be sure . they start push through the crowd . tony , reach down to help a elderly lady up to the stage , look up and see the russian head through the crowd .. panic !! he pull the mask down and begin to back up . but it 's too late , they have definitely see he . he spin around and rocket upstage , past dr . parnassus who be deep into he trance . tony dive through the mirror much to the amazement of valentina , anton , percy . the russian chase after he , shove the queuing women aside , smash the scenery and knock anton into the wing . 56 int / ext shampoo commercial landscape 56 the russian charge through the shampoo-commercial landscape . no tony .. just slo - mo fashion model and soft wafting fabric and aromatic breeze . vladimir ( in russian ) where do he go ? piotr ( in russian ) you tell I ... it can not be he . he 's dead . we kill he . serge ( in russian ) so why do he run ? ( continued ) 83 . 56 continued : 56 gregor ( in russian ) there he be !! in the distance , tony be hide behind some billow fabric . on be spot , he take off up a hill . the russian race toward the hill only to crash into a solid wall - paint as a landscape with tony freeze in mid stride . look off to they right they see tony head up another hill . but as they rush in that direction another wall rise up block they . again it be paint with a hill and tony freeze in midstride . a third and fourth wall rise up .. surround and trapping the russian . there be a cell door in one wall . like crazy animal they start throw themselves against the door try to break it down . it will not budge . while the other batter the door , gregor , who have be somewhat affect by the soft shampoo commercial world , sit quietly in a corner pick pretty flower . exhausted , the other russian collapse on the ground . gregor gently breathes in the aroma of the flower and exhales . as he do the door swing open . the other russian gape at he ... then barrel out the door . outside be a new , beautiful , landscape - the sky dot with white fluffy cloud . extend from the ground to each cloud be a incredibly long ladder . on each ladder be a person climb upwards . the russian spot tony . he be already a hundred foot up a ladder and climb . unfortunately , they way be block by a over- bright , hyper - active , wide - eye sale girl . sale - girl hi! hello ! today 's special ! reach for the cloud ! discover you true potential ! gift certificate be available at ... the russian roughly shove she aside . as they rush past , gregor pause , hand she he flower . gregor relax ... smell the flower . ( continued ) 84 . 56 continued : ( 2 ) 56 reaching the base of tony's ladder , the russian start climb . see the threat , tony kick hard and break the rung below he .. set off a domino effect with more rung break downward towards the russian . snap ! crack ! rung break in they grasp .. they fall . the russian land in a tangle heap as the domino effect continue down to the base of the ladder . laugh down at they , tony turn to continue climb - only to see the domino effect head down from the top of the ladder ... towards he . the ladder completely separate in two . tony struggle to maintain he balance - and somehow manage to get he foot on the two halve of a break rung . then , as if he be on giant stilt , start to stride away . the russian chase after he but , he giant stride leave they far behind . smugly , tony look back just as one of the leg of he ladder snag on a fall log . he lose he balance ... and plunge hundred of foot earthward . from nowhere , anton ( still dress as a fat woman ) appear .. run to catch the plummete tony . he do and whomp !!.. be flatten . knocked out cold . tony be unscathed .. he fall break by anton be pad . but , the russian arrive , grab tony , start to beat he up . serge you thieve scumbag ! we break every bone in you body ! they scrawl strange symbol on tony be forehead . tony no ! wait ! I can explain ! give I a chance ! vladimir we want we money or you die again ! this time for good ! anton struggle to he foot . anton stop it ! l-leave he alone ! ( continued ) 85 . 56 continued : ( 3 ) 56 the russian turn and , think anton be a fat , bossy , middle - age woman , hesitate . anton ( cont 'd ) stand b-back ! I be warning you ! foolishly , he whip off he wig and assume a manly martial art pose . the russian look at each other . then , utterly ignore anton , turn they attention back to beat tony . gregor walk calmly over to anton who be in attack mode . gregor ( bend down and pick a flower , he offer it to anton ) relax . smell the flower . confused , anton take the flower , sniff and then ... gregor floor he with a powerful punch on the nose meanwhile , the russian have a noose around tony 's neck and have looped the rope over a tree branch . tony struggle to pull out the metal pipe he keep on a string around he neck . he get it to he mouth as if to swallow it when ... ... the ground erupt and a giant London policeman 's helmet rise up ( we be talk 20 foot tall ) and revolve - revealing dr . parnassus ' carve and paint face beneath . the mouth drop open and a great red tongue roll out like a welcoming red carpet . from inside the giant mouth a smile policeman beckon the russian to come on in .. the terrify russian let go of the lynching rope . tony drop to the ground and , with a whistle , the brass pipe fly out of he mouth . behind the russian a paint backdrop unfurl .. it read " join the fuzz .. we love violence " .. and a chorus line of long - legged girl in mini-skirted police outfit appear - high -kick a snappy song and dance number . the astonished russian do not know what the fuck be go on . suddenly , a friendly old woman' voice be hear shouting something in Russian . spin around , the russian see a old baboushka ( Russian grandmother ) outside a tumble - down cottage wave gaily to they . a stunne pause . then , pell - mell , they rush to she . ( continued ) 86 . 56 continued : ( 4 ) 56 russian ( in russian ) mama ! mama ! help ! save we ! as they run toward she they get smaller and smaller . she lift she skirt and all four disappear underneath . and then .. boom !.. a muffle explosion balloon the skirt outward . smoke spew out from below . straighten she skirt , the baboushka look up , and pull off she head - revealing mr. nick 's tiny head poke out of the collar . he smile smugly . the giant policeman dr . parnassus register disappointment and , like a balloon rapidly deflate , spin off into the sky send up a cloud of dust obscure everything . the dust clear and tony and anton find themselves in a desolate , empty landscape . nowhere . nothing . tony do you see I !! I almost reach the cloud ! I could have ... it be incredible ... I be almost there ... anton shut up ! over a distant rise the wagon appear , pull by the horse . anton drag tony , babbling and stumbling , towards it . tony I make my choice and I climb ... I feel so much potential . I could have do anything . I have to have another chance ... another go ... I need this ... 57 ext somewhere down river - mud flat evening 57 the wagon be park on waste ground . it loom out of nowhere illuminate by a light leak from within . we hear percy be angry voice . percy o/s maybe you be hold they upside down . doctor parnassus what ? ( continued ) 87 . 57 continued : 57 percy that card ! the bloody tarot card ! doctor parnassus o/s ( distraught and angry ) enough , percy ! enough ! tony o/s I make a mistake . a big mistake . I know that and I be sorry . 58 int the stage - continuous 58 the angry troupe huddle amongst the clutter of prop and jumble scenery . tony be on trial . dr . parnassus be sit in a corner , head in hand . he seem utterly destroy . anton you be a l-liar . you have be lie to we all along . who be you ? who be that thug ? tony I be not a liar ! anton no ? tony no ! I just ... do not divulge everything I know . percy come to the same thing . tony absolutely not . not in law . anton you steal they money . tony no. I do not . anton that 's what they say . ( continued ) 88 . 58 continued : 58 tony be you go to believe they before you believe I ? percy why not ? tony because they be irredeemably bad people , and I be essentially good . I know that sound terribly prim and arrogant and self righteous , but I be try to be honest . look , the truth be ... in order to get my charity off the ground I need capital . anton look askance . tony ( cont 'd ) ( in response to Anton ) yes , I know , and you be right , but that 's the way the grow -up .. the real world work . you can not make omelettes without soiling you hand . or should that be the other way round ? anyway , I - with hindsight very foolishly - accept a loan from people who seem to I , at the time , to be very decent and sincere . there be absolutely no way I could have know that they be part of a ruthless organised crime syndicate and that they want to use my charity to launder money . I make a mistake . and I have to live with that . I be sorry . what more can I say ? valentina want to believe tony . anton and percy do not . valentina ( distress but basically sympathetic ) oh tony . tony but , can we not talk about I for a moment .. I want to thank the Doctor for let I experience the most sublime , inspiring .... ( continued ) 89 . 58 continued : ( 2 ) 58 anton so why be they try to k-kill you ? " again ! " be what they say . tony what ? anton ( answer he own question ) the first time they hang you from the b-bridge ... right ?... b- because you steal they money . tony stop say that ! I do not steal it ! I do not have it . I would have to invest in infrastructure . I need more time . when you run a charity you have to give lot of money away . you would not believe the red tape . the Charity Commission be a bunch of fascist . it 's incredible . I mean ... c' mon give I a break ... I almost die today .. and I say I be sorry ... and anyway ..... this be suppose to be a special day ... it 's valentina 's birthday . he pull out the louis vuitton woman be beautiful necklace from he pocket . tony ( cont 'd ) happy birthday . for a beautiful woman . he put it around valentina 's neck . valentina smile . anton glower . anton the mark on you face ... tony Marks ? anton they scrawle something on you forehead . symbol ... Signs ... tony look uncomfortable , try to rub he forehead clean . ( continued ) 90 . 58 continued : ( 3 ) 58 percy you have some of that when we rescue you . anton yes , what 's that about ? but , before he can say anything , there 's a knock on the door which startles everyone . they exchange look . dr . parnassus be frighten but hide this from the other . the knock be repeat . percy start to get up . dr . parnassus ( sotto voce ) no! leave it ! percy sit down . the knock come again . valentina ( sotto voce to the dr . parnassus ) who be it ? dr . parnassus ( sotto voce ) it 's too late ... for visitor . once more someone knock . everyone be edgy . particularly percy . the knock come again . percy ( sotto voce , agitate ) please can we answer the door ? I can not stand not answer the door , or the telephone , or whatever . it 's not in my nature . I will not sleep for week if we do not answer the door ! sorry ! dr . parnassus get up , go to the door , open it and step outside , close the door behind he . valentina , anton , percy and tony exchange look . ( continued ) 91 . 58 continued : ( 4 ) 58 percy ( cont 'd ) ( embarrassed ) sorry , I just ... I have get a thing about ... 59 ext outside the wagon that moment 59 dr . parnassus and mr nick move away from the door and go around to the front . the stage be half -open . the horse be stand steaming nearby . dr . parnassus ( very down ) I know ... it 's over .... you have win ... mr nick four rotten russkies ? dr . parnassus and the girl .. from the pub . mr nick shake he head . mr nick Sally do not count . do you , gal ? sally ( the woman throw out from the wagon as they escape from the pub mob ) step out of the shadow , put she arm around nick dr . parnassus you be joke ... toy with I . like a cat with a mouse ... as be you privilege . mr nick sal do not get to make a real choice . you be gaga . out for the count . would not be fair ... and you have get four , thanks to you friend tony . so ... we be even ... it 's not quite over . he smile , light a cigarette , take a deep drag ... mr nick ( cont 'd ) not quite . ( check he watch ) oh , oh , look at the time ... it 's 11 . ( continued ) 92 . 59 continued : 59 ... and he wander off into the darkness with sally . somewhere , a clock strike 11 . dr . parnassus , agitate , watch he go . valentina ( v.o. ) Father ? dr . parnassus look round to find valentina stand next to he . he start to round up the horse . doctor parnassus valentina ... my darling girl . we must do another show ! now ! quickly ! get ready to move out ! valentina who be that ? doctor parnassus somebody ask the way . where 's tony ? valentina I overhear you ... he be not ask the way . doctor parnassus please ! get everybody together . another show ! tony ! percy ! valentina I want to know what 's go on . doctor parnassus ( harness the horse ) not now . valentina yes , now ! I want to know the truth ! doctor parnassus the truth ? valentina what be you hide ? doctor parnassus there be more important thing , at this moment ! ( continued ) 93 . 59 continued : ( 2 ) 59 valentina it 's something to do with that bloody rambling story you be tell I the night we find tony be not it ? parnassus sigh . stop . he check he watch doctor parnassus yes . valentina so tell I . doctor parnassus what I tell you be ... the truth . I really be thousand of year old . I have be immortal . I have be mortal . and I have have many dealing with the devil . too many . valentina ( fearful ) what be you say ?... doctor parnassus remember the woman I be tell you about ?.. the one I be so desperately in love with .. so in love that I make a deal with the devil ? that be you mother ... ... she be so beautiful , so enchant ...so ... look at valentina , dr . parnassus see she morph into the beautiful woman appear . he almost swoon . doctor parnassus ( cont 'd ) ... so young . she be everything I have ever dream of . I make a choice . I bargain away my immortality . I regain my youth ... and I win she . I do ! I win she ...! the beautiful woman morph back into valentina . doctor parnassus ( cont 'd ) ... but at a price ... dr . parnassus look haggard . he close he eye . he sway and lose he balance . ( continued ) 94 . 59 continued : ( 3 ) 59 valentina stop he from fall . valentina what price ? dr . parnassus ( anguish ) it 's too terrible ... valentina tell I ... dr . parnassus I ... the price of my obsession ... ( he groan ) I can not say it . valentina say it . dr . parnassus you . valentina what ? dr . parnassus I be mortal again ... on condition that ... any child I fathere ... would , on they sixteenth birthday ... belong to he . valentina ( stunne ) him ?... valentina can not take it in . valentina ( cont 'd ) but ... do not ... dr . parnassus you mother never know . she die before I have to tell she . valentina I do not believe this ! it can not be true . it 's just another of you wretch storey ... a cruel story ! dr . parnassus if only ... ( continued ) 95 . 59 continued : ( 4 ) 59 valentina why do you say this thing ? dr . parnassus it 's true . every word . but all be not lose . valentina look at he . dr . parnassus ( cont 'd ) ( feverishly ) a new wager ... the first of five . if I win ... you be free ... you be mine again .. and we can win ! where 's tony ? we can still win ! valentina by play game with the devil !? dr . parnassus with one more show . the day be not over . valentina no ! dr . parnassus valentina . valentina all my life you have make I play ` beauty ' , ` Truth ' , ` justice ' ... fill my head with dream and high ideal . all that crap ! while ... all the time ...! the devil be right ! you be arrogant ! vain and arrogant ! I be just another one of you stupid wager !... you be beneath contempt . she rush off into the dark night . dr . parnassus valentina ! that 's not true ! it 's not like that ! wait ! come back ! valentina ! a dark silhouette stand in the shadow of the wagon . it 's tony . what have he hear ? 96 . 60 int the wagon moment later 60 dr . parnassus rush into the wagon . percy be already on he foot , have hear the doctor shouting . anton what 's happen ? dr . parnassus valentina ... she 's ... she 's go ... anton rush out . percy stop by dr . parnassus before he exit . percy telling the truth ... always a bad idea . 61 ext montage of scene night 61 anton , run , call for valentina . percy be scour the area on horseback . anton run though a newspaper - fill tip , see a headline on one of the newspaper . stop . 62 ext the wagon a little later 62 parnassus , a bottle in he hand , be lurching around . doctor parnassus you fool ! you monstrous fool ! you should be dead . he start to violently bang he head against the side of the wagon . suddenly the stage begin to unfold . parnassus look up , unable to see what or who be do this . he drunkenly stumble around the side to see tony pull rope . doctor parnassus ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? ( continued ) 97 . 62 continued : 62 tony save valentina . doctor parnassus ( befuddle ) what ?... how ? tony I overhear you . you only need one more to win . I ! I will be that one . I will take the risk to save valentina and , hopefully , you sir . we have still get a few minute . tony steer doctor parnassus towards he glass column . doctor parnassus yes ! yes ! of course ! of course ! thank God ! thank God ! tony ( to himself ) how about thanking I ? dr . parnassus what ? tony I expect nothing in return . dr . parnassus ( try to go into a trance ) no. you be a saint ... a saint . tony only valentina 's hand in marriage , if she will have I ... dr . parnassus ( not listen ) oh , my head ... tony and , as you son-in- law ... perhaps ... initiation into the secret of the trance . dr . parnassus no ! I can not do it ! ( continued ) 98 . 62 continued : ( 2 ) 62 tony but ... ( realize parnassus be refer to he inability to go into a trance ) why not ?! what 's wrong ? dr . parnassus my mind ... I can not concentrate ... I be too upset ... tony you must do it ! you have to do it ! it 's the only way to save you daughter ! dr . parnassus ( distraught ) I know ... tony ( sit parnassus down ) concentrate . you must concentrate . ( clear the way to the mirror ) I will make the right choice . I be sure of it . I can feel how right it be already . tony leap back to steady dr . parnassus who look as though he be about to topple off he pillar . tony ( cont 'd ) oh God !... Doctor ... we can save she .. you and I . I need this . we both need this . please . the trance . parnassus quiet down . start mumble . tony rush to the mirror . step through . he find himself stand amongst the stage scenery . nothing else . tony ( cont 'd ) bugger ! he step back out of the mirror . go to parnassus who be weep . dr . parnassus it 's no good ! ( continued ) 99 . 62 continued : ( 3 ) 62 tony shake he hard . tony pull yourself together !... sir. concentrate ... or you will have lose she forever . parnassus slowly go into a sobbing kind of trance state . tony confirm he be in a trance , then rush to the mirror . valentina o/s tony ...oh , tony .. what ?! tony stop . look around . there in the shadow huddle valentina , sobbing . valentina ( sobbing ) it 's useless ... hopeless ... I think I be strong , but I do not even know how to run away ... tony hesitates .. no time ! he look back to parnassus who seem to still be in he trance . hesitates . then rush to valentina . tony it 's alright ... it 's alright ... do not cry . it 's go to be alright , believe I . valentina this stupid theatre ...!... that 's all I have ever know ...! I have always believe it be something precious , but it 's not ... it 's a lie ... I hate it ! tony lift she up , put he arm around she . tony everything 's go to be alright ... I will take you away . I will show you the world . my world . the great big beautiful world I have always dream of ... you will love it . valentina , grateful , cling to tony . ( continued ) 100 . 62 continued : ( 4 ) 62 tony ( cont 'd ) yes ? valentina maybe . tony c'mon then . they turn to the mirror but , a off-stage clear of the throat make they look round to see anton watch they . he 's hold a tear and dirty piece of newspaper . anton ah , there you be , tony . here 's something m-might interest you . ( read ) ' miss : d-disgrace head of child 's charity ' . tony no ! tony try to snatch the paper but anton step back . anton N - not a bad p-picture , tony . listen to this valentina ... it 's about tony 's b-beautiful world .. doctor parnassus o/s valentina ! where be you ? parnassus be still in he trance but , mumble . anton ... Anthony shepherd , who be arrest last week on charge of ... valentina be surround . confused . tony ( to valentina ) valentina , do not listen to that . I be innocent . this be the work of people who be try to destroy I ! evil people ! believe I ! look , I will show you the truth ! tony pull valentina towards the mirror . ( continued ) 101 . 62 continued : ( 5 ) 62 anton try to stop he , but tony push he back , off the stage . he crash to the ground . tony ( cont 'd ) ( grab valentina ) hurry ! tony and valentina disappear through the mirror . doctor parnassus ( sobbing in he trance ) valentina ! forgive I . 63 int / ext dr . parnassus ' drunken imagination 63 mist and rain descend as tony and valentina run through the darken shape of the shampoo- commercial landscape - now tatter , rag , and wind blow . darkness reign . tony this be not right . this be all wrong . which way ? soak and cold they spy a welcome sight . a uniform valet with a open umbrella stand by the door of a sleek limo . valet you car be here , mr.tony . tony ah , lester , just in time . tony duck under the umbrella and help valentina into the car ahead of himself . as she slide across the seat she notice the driver - bowler hatted and smoking a cigarette . valentina no ! tony , do not get in ! get away ! she push tony back and scramble out ... drag he back out into the dark rain . the driver turn around . it 's mr.nick .. look vex . valentina and tony struggle through the rain . suddenly , they find themselves in deep water up to they chest . they be sink . through the mist they see a boat . it be the gondola that transport the louis vuitton lady . ( continued ) 102 . 63 continued : 63 tony help ! over here ! the boatman turn the boat in they direction . tony try to pull himself on board . the boatman reach down to help . boatman give I you hand it 's mr. nick . valentina recoil , drag tony off the boat . tony stop ! what be you do ! we will drow ! valentina no we will not . this be the way . she point to jumble rock just visible in the darkness . they drag themselves onto they . the rocky monolith appear to be the same as the landscape anton climb over when he be search for diego , the son of the family from hell . and , like a repeat of that experience , from behind the ridge rise the parnassus - face mongolfier balloon . but , now the eye stream tear and rain pour down . in the basket be anton . anton do not d- do it . do not g-go on . not with he ! he 's all lie . valentina just like my father . leave I alone . I do not care anymore . I want a new life . tony valentina ... he pull she away .. towards a little tumble - down cottage . warm candlelight glow in the window , smoke curl from the chimney . they run to the door . tony bang on it . someone can be hear unlatch the lock inside . a child 's cry cut through the wind . valentina turn and see a little girl sit on the path ... among flap laundry . she rush to she , try to pick she up but , the little girl resist .. ( continued ) 103 . 63 continued : ( 2 ) 63 valentina tony , help I , she 's heavy . the door have just open and tony be halfway through . he turn , irritate . tony what be it now ?! can not we just go inside and get dry . behind he , in the warmth , stand the old baboushka . see that valentina be really struggle with the little girl , tony reluctantly go to help . the little girl , on see tony , try to break away but , he hold on to she . tony ( cont 'd ) ( shouting angrily ) ostanobuite bas menshi schit ! the litle girl go quiet . valentina look at tony with surprise . the baboushka look angry . suddenly a light begin to suffuse tony and the little girl . a small orchestra can be hear play garden party music . valentina you do it ! you make the right choice ! the light fill the screen and we find ... ... tony , sleekly groom and immaculately dress , hold the smile little girl . she too have be clean and buff . the sun shine . he stand in ... 64 ext charity garden party day 64 ...a large well keep lawn cover with smart guest , business people , politician , pop star , celeb ... behind and beyond they be a impressive country house . a small orchestra be play . there be a marquee . waiter and waitress move amongst the assemble notables bear trays of drink and food . tony be the focus of attention . a tv current - affair / news journalist with camera crew be follow he around . ( continued ) 104 . 64 continued : 64 tony sustainability 's great , if you can achieve it . the problem be , in many case you simply can not , for a whole variety of reason . tony smile and shake the hand of someone in a wheelchair . a group of guest burst into spontaneous applause . everybody love and admire tony . he smile boyishly . he move on . the tv crew stay with he . journalist be not you run the risk of entrench the need for charity by increasingly institutionalising it ? tony look , charity , like poor little olga ... ( refer to the little girl ) ... be always with we , to coin a phrase ... valentina appear . she be beautifully dress , coiff , make - up , she look stun . tony ( cont 'd ) ( to valentina ) ah , there you be , my lovely . she and tony exchange broad smile . they be in love . he pull she to he side and put he arm around she . the photographer snap away . journalist and what 's you message to the Prime Minister ? tony ( laugh engagingly ) I would not presume to have a ' message ' for the Prime Minister ... fortunately for the Foundation , I think we pretty much see eye to eye on most thing . now we hear a distant buzzing . everybody look up . ( continued ) 105 . 64 continued : ( 2 ) 64 they see a speck in the sky , it 's the prime minister be approach helicopter ... tony and the posse of journalist and photographer rush off leave valentina stand alone . 65 ext helicopter landing pad day 65 the prime minister and he wife get out of the helicopter , follow by they aide . tony and the prime minister shake hand for the tv cameras . valentina watch from a distance .. ignore . 66 int ballroom night 66 a huge chandelier illuminate a grand ornate ballroom where wealthy guest , in evening dress , be be seat at table by livery usher . large beautiful photograph of the underprivileged child of the world line the wall . a great banner read " suffer the Little Children benefit Ball " the prime minister and he wife be seat at the head table , face the dais , bubbly and expectant . Security be heavy . 67 int entrance hall night 67 tony be confer with he speech writer and assistant as valentina descend the staircase look utterly stun in a beautiful gown . tony bow , romantically kissing she hand . he turn she to admire they reflection in a gilt mirror ... the perfect , beautiful , dream couple . tony you look gorgeous , my love . I know you would not let I down . the little girl , olga , and a little boy be bring forward . they be dress in ethnic clothes . tony take olga' hand ... offer the little boy 's hand to valentina . she take it in she own . the four of they start to walk to the door lead to the ballroom . tony ( cont 'd ) ( look to everyone ) this be a vitally important moment for the future of the Foundation . the child of the world be depend on we . ( continued ) 106 . 67 continued : 67 anton ( v.o. ) valentina ! valentina Anton !? tony and valentina look around . anton be nowhere to be see but , he voice continue . anton ( v.o. ) all of this be false ! it 's nothing to do with you ! it 's all he . it 's he imagination ! tony call security , somebody . anton ( v.o. ) it 's all rotten ! a naked lie ! you have get to understand ! the little boy be tug valentina be arm . she look down . it 's anton . a child - size anton . anton ( cont 'd ) look at this ... he produce the newspaper with tony's photo and news story . anton ( cont 'd ) ...` tony liar ' .. tony what ? how ?... tony lunge for he but , anton dodge out of the way . anton ( read and dodging ) ' the disgrace director of the child 's charity " suffer the Little Children , who be arrest last .. Security guard have rush in . tony stop he . silence the little bastard ! ( continued ) 107 . 67 continued : ( 2 ) 67 anton ( dodging the guard ) ... who be arrest last week on charge of involvement in the sale of organ from third world child to wealthy westerner '... unghh ! tony have grab little anton and start hit he . tony and now he do not stutter ! you see !? it be all a act to get cheap sympathy ! valentina ( pull tony off anton ) take you hand off he !! stop it ! tony get off I ! what be you do ? ( lash out and hit valentina in the face ) you have betrayed I ! have not you ? you let he in ... into my world , you bitch !?.. after all I have lavish on you ... ow !! Little anton have leapt on tony 's back and sink he tooth into tony be ear . tony throw he off and start beat he . 68 int the ballroom continuous 68 in the glitter ballroom a child 's choir sing . children' choir " we be the world .. we be the child ... " behind the choir the double door of the ballroom crash open ... expose tony violently beat up a `ethnic child . ' stun silence as the horror of this happy scene sink in . then ... guest my God ! somebody stop he ! he 's a monster ! get he ! as one they leap to they foot . ( continued ) 108 . 68 continued : 68 tony look up and freeze . at the same time the wall of the ballroom begin to crack and disintegrate . tony be world start to fall apart ... literally . the floor around tony fall away into a abyss leave only a narrow escape route . he hurl anton aside and dash away as the guest pursue he . anton avoid be trample but , lose he foot and fall over the edge . valentina Anton !!! valentina , fight through the angry guest , rush to the edge of the abyss . anton be struggle to hold on to a break floor joist that protrude several foot down from the side of the cliff face . anton valentina !.. help I . please . his grip slip . valentina reach for he , grasp he hand . valentina forgive I , Anton . I be wrong . anton I know ... I be not a child . and .. anton revert to he normal size ... and weight . anton ( cont 'd ) I love you , valentina . anton slip out of she grip , plummete into the abyss . valentina noooo ! suddenly , valentina be jerk backwards by she hair . tony who 's behind this !? eh !? you do not come up with this all on you own do you !!!??? ( slapping she ) no ! someone 's get at you . someone 's pay you !!!... who !!!??? tell I !!! dr . parnassus ( o.s. ) valentina ! my darling daughter ! there you be ! ( continued ) 109 . 68 continued : ( 2 ) 68 they turn to see parnassus in the distance ( where once the ballroom stand ) stumbling towards they , drunk , desperate . as he move forward a new landscape be create behind he . tony rush towards parnassus . tony you old bastard ! this be all you do ! dr . parnassus ( drunkenly ) all my do ?... I be merely the facilititatater , dear boy . guest ( o.s. ) there he be ! stop he ! leave she alone . get he ! throw he arm around tony , parnassus spin he around to face the mob rush towards he . dr . parnassus I create the opportunity . be it my fault if you not up to it ? tony wrench he arm free and violently shove the drunken doctor right into the path of the frenzied mob . parnassus be trample underfoot in they rush to catch tony . valentina Father ! no ! parnassus be body lie break on the ground . frantically , valentina rush to he , throw herself on she father 's batter body , sobbing hysterically . valentina ( cont 'd ) no.. no no ... please .. father .. it 's all my fault . what have I do ?... with siren wail , a ambulance arrive , screeching to a halt . paramedics pull valentina away . they check parnassus for sign of life and begin to lift he onto the gurney . valentina can not control herself and try to throw herself onto he body . the paramedics struggle with she . paramedic ( with a severe stutter ) p-p-p-lease m-mis-s , there 's 's n-n-othing y-y - y - you c-can d-d - of , he -he -he 's d-d-dead ... ( continued ) 110 . 68 continued : ( 3 ) 68 valentina nooooo ...!!! valentina wrench herself out of they grasp howling like a animal and rush away out of earshot before the paramedic can finish speak . paramedic ...d - dead drunk . a bottle fall from the doctor be hand and explode in a million fragment as it hit the ground . the shimmer fragment coalesce into a fracture mirror corridor down which a multi-reflected valentina run - sobbing like a madwoman - lash out at she reflection , some of which be flashback of she flirt with tony , irritate with anton , angry with parnassus . valentina ( to she reflection ) you little fool ! you be to blame !.. for everything ... I hate you ! the multi-reflection break mirror corridor end at two mirror identical to the one use in the imaginarium . the one to the leave be mark ' his ' with a bowler hat , the other to the right ' hers ' with a bonnet . she hesitates . valentina ( cont 'd ) ( laugh madly ) so this be to be my choice !! mr nick appear out of the " his " mirror - a burst of flame behind he . he make a sweeping gesture invite valentina to enter the mirror mark ' hers ' . valentina , head for the mirror mark ' his ' . mr nick block she path . mr nick now , there 's absolutely no need for that . that 's just plain contrariness . valentina try to get around he . ( continued ) 111 . 68 continued : ( 4 ) 68 mr nick ( cont 'd ) you think you deserve punishment but you be a kid - you have no idea ... trust I . valentina feint another direction . mr nick block she . valentina ( a craze look ) wrong. I be 16 ... I be a woman now .. she spin around he ... he block .... a kind of dance between they begin - confusingly reflect in the mirror . a tango can be hear . valentina ( cont 'd ) ...a selfish bitch , everyone I love die ... I be ... mr nick ... only fit for hell ? if only . he look at valentina with lascivious intent . he 's tempt , briefly , but resist it . mr nick ( cont 'd ) no ... you pop would never speak to I again . and that would be a shame . let 's dance . reflected in the swirl mirror fragment , they tango until he spin she towards the right hand mirror . she sail through - and , with a mad smile , throw he a kiss . the mirror close with a burst of flame . the briefest flash of dr . parnassus face be reflect in the mirror fragment . doctor parnassus o/s valentina !!!!!! mr nick turn , realize he have be look into a mirror fragment reflect the two mirror . the write on the valentina 's mirror read " his " . mr nick damn !... I have win . 112 . 69 ext strange mountain landscape 69 dr . parnassus be sit alone on a prominent bluff ( the same one he try throw himself off many year ago ) he 's distraught . tear run down this cheek . a distant bell toll midnight . mr nick appear behind parnassus ... sit down beside he . mr nick funny how thing work out , be not it ? he light a cigarette . mr nick ( cont 'd ) it 's not what I have in mind y'know ... this .. valentina , be the fifth ... it do not seem right ... she 's suppose to be the prize , the star prize ... not part of the bloody score ... and you lumber with eternal life all over again ... what a bummer , eh ? no response from parnassus . a tarot card drop from he hand . it be the hange man . mr. nick point to the plain far below . across the harsh ground , tony be run for he life ... pursue by the mob . mr nick ( cont 'd ) I hope they get that bastard . tear he limb from limb ... but they will not ... he lead a charme life , that one ... I have be try to nail he for year ... I think I have he this time . but , there 's always some prat come to he rescue ... talk about the luck of the Devil . ( he laugh ) that weird marking you find on he ... on he forehead ... that satanic-symbol , so-called , thing ... what 's all that about ?... maybe they protect he in some way ... I have never be into that black - magic stuff myself ... can not seem to get the hang of it ... I know , pathetic be not it ?... ( continued ) 113 . 69 continued : 69 parnassus ignore he , sink even deeper into despondency . mr nick ( cont 'd ) God , I hate to see you like this . look , I tell you what ... if you can get the lowdown on that satanic marking , or .. wait .. better still , if you can wipe that self - righteous little creep off the face of the universe ... I will give you valentina back . a beat . slowly , parnassus look up . mr nick ( cont 'd ) how about it ? 70 ext somewhere on the mountain 70 tony , sweat , panting for breath , be run up the mountain . below , the mob be still in hot pursuit . tony reach the summit . in front of he , be he salvation - a empty gibbet . a noose hang from the crossbeam . tony thank God for that ! tony relax a little . we can hear the mob now , struggle up the mountain . tony dig into one of he pocket and pull out the brass tube that he have always keep close . tony open he mouth and be about to slip the tube down he throat when he spot the hange man tarot card lie at he foot . a hand from behind he snatch the tube away . tony , startle , turn to find himself look up at dr . parnassus . parnassus be stand on a chair with the noose around he neck . he smile and open he hand . the metal tube have vanish . tony panic . the mob be get closer . ( continued ) 114 . 70 continued : 70 with he other hand dr . parnassus produce the tube from tony be ear . tony ( cont 'd ) ( desperate ) give I that ! dr . parnassus gesture at the crowd . dr . parnassus give we a moment , please . the crowd go into very slow motion ... but twice as angry . dr . parnassus tease tony with magic . dr . parnassus ( cont 'd ) here 's you tube ... here 's mine . ( produce a second tube ) but mine 's just a cheap counterfeit ... look , it break ... ( he break it ) but here 's another ... tony stop ! dr . parnassus you be not amused ? tony ( desperate ) you have be talk to the devil , have not you ? let I guess what he say ... if you manage to kill I , he will release valentina . yes ? be I right ?... I be be not I ? it 's all lie . he can not release she . and why not ? because he do not have she . he can not have she because she 's the prize . ( gain confidence ) he do not have five win . but if you kill I he will , will not he ? you will have lose valentina forever ! dr . parnassus do a double hand shuffle . dr . parnassus choose . ( continued ) 115 . 70 continued : ( 2 ) 70 tony this be ridiculous ! dr . parnassus choose ! tony choose . tony you have get to believe I ! for all we sake ! dr . parnassus be you sure you make the right choice ? tony look ... dr . parnassus let 's find out . he slide the tube down he throat and kick the chair away . he drop ... dangle from the rope ... the noose tight around he neck . at the same moment , the mob resume normal speed and roar up the mountain . be parnassus dead ? work very fast , tony hoist he over he shoulder and wrestle the noose loose . he drop parnassus on the ground . he 's stunne but still alive . the mob be close in . tony slap dr . parnassus hard between the shoulder blade . the tube pop out of the doctor be gullet . tony catch it . tony gotcha ! tony swallow the tube as the mob surge around the gibbet , grab he , beat he , and then lift he onto the chair , tightening the noose around he neck . ( continued ) 116 . 70 continued : ( 3 ) 70 although batter , tony wink smugly at dr . parnassus , but he mood change when he see dr . parnassus spit out several more fake tube , then , gag , force the real one up and out of he gullet . with a look of realization and horror , tony drop to he death as the mob kick the chair away from under he . the mob cheer . yes , he 's dead . dr . parnassus toss the metal tube to mr nick who step coolly out of the mob , cigarette in he mouth . dr . parnassus ( hoarsely ) there be three cardinal rule . one , there 's no black -magic , only cheap trick . and ... er ... I forget the other . now , where 's my daughter ? mr nick how should I know ? you be she father . ( with needle ) her loving father . dr parnassus look askance at mr nick . mr nick ( cont 'd ) she 's free ... be not she ? mr nick smile and blow smoke in parnassus be face . the smoke fill the screen and become ... 71 ext desert day 71 ... a dust storm . the wind be howling . the swirl dust thin to reveal DR. parnassus , alone , exhaust , trudging across a vast desert . he 's torment by he thought . dr . parnassus what else could I do , valentina ? what else could I have do ... what other choice could I have make ?... damn !... it be the right choice ... of course it be ... of course ... but where be you ? ( more ) ( continued ) 117 . 71 continued : 71 dr . parnassus ( cont 'd ) where 's my beautiful daughter ? where 's my darling ? how long must I suffer ? there be no proper road , only endless sand , but nevertheless dr . parnassus reach a signpost which indicate two distinct path . one lead to a tidy little suburban home , the other up a dramatic mountain pass via a painfully steep staircase cut into the rock ( the same one that martin the drunk choose not to climb day earlier . dr . parnassus ( cont 'd ) no , no , no ... no more choice , please ... no more choice ...!!! enrage , he try to push the sign over , but be too feeble . exhausted , he subside onto a smooth protrude stone . voice ( v.o. ) ( angry ) hey ! dr . parnassus , alarmed , roll quickly off the stone . now on he knee he find himself look at the top half of percy be head and face . what he would think be a stone be , in fact , he old companion bury in the sand . dr . parnassus percy ! dr . parnassus , overjoy , begin to dig percy out . percy about bloody time ! dr . parnassus where have you be ? percy ( irritate ) here ! dr . parnassus how long have you be here ? percy how long 's a piece of string ? do not ask daft question . ( continued ) 118 . 71 continued : ( 2 ) 71 dr . parnassus thank God I find you . I need you advice . ( indicate sign ) I have get a problematical choice to make . percy problematical my arse ! come on ... I know it 's against the grain ... percy grab dr . parnassus be cloak and begin to pull he across the sand in the direction of the bungalow . we can now see the sign read ` easy ' ... dr . parnassus ( on he dignity ) no ! suburban bungalow and all that they evoke be anathema to I . dammit percy ! stop ! I have get my pride ! percy yeah , it go just before the fall . percy grab dr . parnassus be cloak and begin to pull he across the sand in the direction indicate by the sign which we can now see read ' easy ' .. percy ( cont 'd ) come on ... I know it 's against the grain ... 72 ext suburban bungalow 72 percy pull the reluctant dr . parnassus up the drive of a suburban bungalow , past a perfect lawn and double garage , to the front door . percy ring the bell . dr . parnassus try to make a run for it but percy hold he fast . the door be open by valentina . she 's older and be carry a baby in she arm . both dr . parnassus and valentina be astonished . neither know what to say . ( continued ) 119 . 72 continued : 72 dr . parnassus valentina ...? valentina Father ...? ( recover ) where have you be ?... all this year ... I think you be dead . dr . parnassus so do I . but you ... I ... valentina come in . valentina step back and usher she father in . percy ( aside ) so far , so good . percy be about to follow , but valentina , focuss on she father , close the door in he face . 73 int suburban bungalow 73 valentina show dr . parnassus into the sit - room . he sit on the sofa . kide voice ( v.o. ) mummy ? can I have some ice-cream ? a SMALL boy enter from the kitchen . kid mummy ? valentina billy , this be you grandad . say hello to you grandad . ( to parnassus ) I think he look a little like you . billy take one look at dr . parnassus and run back into the kitchen . valentina laugh . valentina ( cont 'd ) he 's only five . and he 's very shy . would you like some tea ? ( continued ) 120 . 73 continued : 73 dr . parnassus nod . valentina ( cont 'd ) okay , you look after imogen . she give he the baby . valentina ( cont 'd ) she 's eight month , and , so far , fortunately , do not look in the least like you . dr . parnassus be move . valentina ( cont 'd ) this be all I ever want ... I know it 's not what you want for I , but ... well ... there you go ... I be happy . anton enter . anton hello Doctor . he put he arm around valentina . valentina we be both happy . dr . parnassus do not know what to say . he sit there , a rag old man with a baby on he knee , tear stream down he face . 74 ext railway station central london 74 Little cut - out cardboard figure be ' perform ' in a toy theatre . voice of toy character ( v.o. ) it 's you choice . you can stay here and look after mum and dad , or come with I and help fight the giant . second toy character ( v.o. ) I will have to think about it . the camera pull back to show percy manipulate the puppet and give they voice . he and dr . parnassus be run a stall sell toy theatre . Business be good . ( continued ) 121 . 74 continued : 74 the audience be make up of mainly kide , with some adult . commuter come and go . a couple of parent purchase a theatre for they son . dr . parnassus take the money and expertly wrap the theatre . dr . parnassus beautifully make . it will last for year if properly look after . nine year old son do it come with a happy end ? dr . parnassus I be afraid we can not guarantee that . the camera angle across the table ... in a shadowy corner stand mr nick , smoking a cigarette . the end