the bodyguard written by lawrence kasdan clean shoot draft February 1992 for educational purpose only screen be black in the darkness we hear drip water , the echoing approach of two set of footstep . there be the sound of a sudden , quick scuffle , a heavy fall of body . three booming gunshot . two from one gun , one from another . so fast and close , they be barely distinguish - able . the sound of the shot echoes against concrete wall and die away . silence . slow , slow , fade in : 1 int . underground garage ( new york ) - night 1 frank farmer' face - mid to late 30 , peer intently over a smoking gun . he be the bodyguard . angle - hit man dead on he foot , lean against a car . a gun drop heavily from he hand . his life ebb as he slide slowly down the car door to he knee then fall forward , face down on the cement floor . a slow pull back reveal that frank be lie on top of klingman . protectively press body to body on the filthy cement floor of the garage . klingman , a handsome , 50 - year- old arbitrageur , gasp in barely control fear as he armani suit soak up a black pool of oil . there be no movement . the two man be lie near the right front fender of a black limousine . blood spread from the body of the hit man , a few yard away . klingman start to raise himself up but Farmer keep he press to the floor , still alert for any further threat . MAIN title begin . a beat , and voice be hear o.s. Farmer wheel , snub - nose .357 aim at they . frank freeze ! angle - doorway to garage a uniform chauffeur freeze in he track . Farmer lower he weapon and speak . frank ( calm , but a order ) call 911 . 2 . camera have crane up to a high , almost - freeze wide shot of the scene . it track away into darkness . 2 ext . CITY STREET - night 2 pass traffic reveal the storefront of a tv showroom . Inside , behind the reflection of the city light , all the tv set be show the same picture , the glitter image of a woman sing . ( we will recognize the woman as Rachel marron . ) we cut tighter and tighter on the image until it be almost break up into its scan line . through the city noise come the sound of she song " I have nothing . " 2a int . dan' apartment - desk top - night 2a a batter old desk . scatter across the top -- a pile of blank white paper , a jar of glue , a stack of magazine , a pair of scissors , a tv remote control , softly in the b.g. , a tv be play the same image we see in the store window , the same song . hand appear . male hand . they open a drawer and remove a pair of translucent rubber glove . carefully they put the glove on . the snapping of the rubber be the only sound . the hand pick a magazine off the stack : screen star . they put the magazine down and pick up the scissors . a headline on the cover read : " rachel marron' greatest triumph ! " the scissors start to cut . meticulously they excise the name " rachel marron " from the page . with the care of a surgeon . 3 ext . hollywood premiere - night 3 a tumultuous crash of scream , push body . arm stretch out , camera flash , sungun flare , microphone be thrust forward . a deafen cacophony of " Rachel ! Rachel ! Rachel ! over here ! over here ! this way , Rachel ! Rachel ! Rachel ! " we can not see the object of this frenzy . we catch a brief glimpse of a attractive , well - dress young woman ( nicki ) , exite with the other celebrity , as she be push and casually jostle aside by the mass of surging fan and media . her face be calm and impassive as she watch from the sideline . 5 int . klingman' office den - night 5 in a panele room tastefully hang with a few choice paint - ing that reflect klingman 's success as a arbitrageur , he pour two snifter of brandy as he speak with Farmer . 3. klingman you hand ever shake , Frank ? frank sometimes . it 's just adrenaline . klingman ... how do you know ? frank I see he wash the car . klingman I see he . frank they do not wash car on the parking level . he hand a glass of brandy to Frank , who look at it . klingman you know , I would like you to stay on . he pass a small seal envelope to Frank . frank I be not good in permanent position , my foot go to sleep . the two man smile at each other . they raise they glass in a joint salutation -- klingman drink . Frank do not . 6 int . darkened room - desk top - night 6 the rubber- glove hand be glue the word " time " onto a message that be take the classic form of a ransom note . each word have be cut from a different page and be in a different typeface . the note be be assemble with such care that it have a unusually neat appearance and be quite easy to read . it read : marron bitch -- you have everything I have nothing . the time to die be ... 7 ext . charity concert - evening 7 a blur of hand and face . excite fan . piece of paper , autograph book , note be thrust forward into the camera . again , a mass chant " Rachel ! Rachel ! Rachel ! " hand of Rachel 's entourage accept some of the proffer item . in closeup , we see Rachel 's hand signing " best wish , 4. Rachel marron " on a out -stretch open palm . in the midst of the urgent forest of hand and paper , a be - ribbone black doll be thrust forward , bear the legend " rachel , we love you . " 8 ext . frank farmer' house - evening 8 slam of a car door . Frank get out of a cab with two suitcase . his house be a modest stucco affair on a small lot . he go up the walk and put down he suit - case . he look at rampant foliage and overgrown grass . supermarket circular cover he doorstep . he pick up a few and fish a bunch of key from he pocket . a curious neighbor peer from behind a net curtain . as the door open , we be aware of a further pile of mail inside . Frank 's foot push the letter aside and go inside . the door shut . 10 int . farmer' kitchen - night 10 Farmer have carefully set a place for himself at the table in a breakfast nook . a bottle of red wine be open with a glass beside it . at the stove he stir and flavor a boeuf bourgignon and read a time magazine . he add a splash of wine . he lift the pot from the stove and try a piece of meat . at the table , he look at the place set and absently eat another piece of meat . finally he set the pot on the plate and eat from it directly while glance through the magazine . 11 int . dressing room - closeup - corner of dressing table 11 lot of people be schmooze in the dress room . there 's a loud buzz of excited chatter . hand be stack - ing flower , good luck message , card and cable by the mirror . through the blur and bustle , we glimpse the doll with its embroider ribbon message " rachel , we love you . " hand casually move it to one side , among the flower rest on the small portable tv set . on the screen be a image of Rachel perform on stage , acknowledge applause , bow . the doll explode , shatter the tv , the mirror and the light bulb . the screen goe black , amid shout , scream and confusion . title end . 5 . 12 ext . frank farmer' house - back yard - day 12 Frank lounge in he short under the single tree , sun - glass on , a glass of iced tea by he side . strain of " don't walk away renee " come from a beat - up transistor radio . a old - fashioned lawn sprinkler lazily wave water back and forth over the freshly cut grass . throw knife lay scattered nearby . a wooden post be stick out of the ground in front of the fence at the back of the yard . bill devaney , fiftyish , a distinguished - look black gentleman , stand nearby try to engage Frank in a conversation that up to this point have not be go well . he 's Rachel 's personal manager . devaney so , you will not protect Rachel marron just because she 's in show business ? frank I do not do celebrity . devaney but the biggest money 's in show business people . Frank say nothing . his eye be close behind the sun - glass . devaney pick up one of the throw knife . he hold it carefully by the blade and throw it . it miss the post by three foot and clatter against the fence . Frank open he eye , see what 's go on and close he eye again . devaney ( pick up another knife ) do you really do this thing ? frank be not she the one who collect doll ? this be enough to distract devaney from he knife - throw . devaney ( exasperate ) Farmer , Rachel marron be one of the most famous people in America . she 's win every music award invent . she 's get the number one song in the country right now and she will probably be nominate for a oscar in she very 6 . first picture . and you want to know ' be not she the one ...?' Christ , man , where have you be ? frank you mean she do not collect doll ? devaney ( defeat ) yes . she collect doll . frank I think I know who she be . devaney try to size up whether Frank be kid he or not . Frank 's face betray nothing . devaney gesture with a knife . devaney you be probably deadly with this thing , be not you ? frank deadly . devaney show I . Frank do not move . devaney why be you resisting this job ? $ 2,000 buck a week . ( no response ) $ 2,500 . frank there be several good man available for that kind of money . have you talk to fitzgerald or racine ? portman ? devaney yeah . portman be interested ... he sense a open and sit down beside Frank for what he take to be the first serious talk . devaney ... but we be tell you be the best . frank there 's no such thing . devaney Farmer , we be talk about a very frighten lady . with a 7. seven - year old son . believe I , I would not be here if I do not think this be for real . ( long pause ) Farmer , she begge I to get you . Frank sit up finally and look at devaney a long time . he pick up five throw knife and stand up . frank all right . I will come and I will look the situation over . if I take it , it 's three thousand a week . devaney ( whistle ) okay . you must be very deadly for three grand a week . Frank be now about twenty foot from the wooden post . he throw one of the knife . it miss the post and clatter against the fence . frank shit. devaney 's face drop . Frank examine the next knife . frank ( mumble ) I know it 's something like ... the second knife get away from he at the top of he arc and disappear into some bush about three foot from devaney . devaney stand up in a hurry and move behind Frank . frank sorry . Frank raise he hand to throw again , then stop and motion devaney off to the side . frank better not stand right behind I . devaney smile weakly . Frank let the third knife go with one smooth motion . the knife sink a inch into the center of the post . thump . Frank 's hand arching again . throw the remain knife . both knife stick in the post form a straight vertical line with the first one . 8. 13 ext . marron estate - waverly lane ( bel AIR ) - day 13 Frank stop he nondescript chevy across the quiet street from the close , unmanned gate at the bottom of the marron driveway . franks Pov as he look over the gate , the wall , the heavy vegetation and the rise grounds beyond . ( note : the use of the term franks Pov , be not to be take simply as a camera direction . Rather , it be - present a recur attempt to make the audience see in the special way Frank see . Frank life by constant vigilance , heighten awareness . it be he genius and he burden . the audience must be put in the position of look , search , scan with he . ) he have a curious sense of be watch , a kind of prick - ling on the back of he neck . as he look around , a black Toyota 4x4 , park some way down the road , drive rapidly off -- too fast to get a clear look . he watch it go . Frank pull up to the gate and get out of he car . he grab a bar of the gate and pull . the whole gate rattles . Frank get back in he car and push a button on the intercom box at the side of the gate . a man' voice crackle out of the BOX . transmission be terrible . man' voice ( v.o. ) yes ? frank Frank Farmer to see miss marron . man' voice ( v.o. ) what ? frank Alexander Graham Bell to see miss marron ! man' voice ( v.o. ) ( obviously have not hear ) have you get a appointment ? frank the atomic number of zinc be 30 . man' voice ( v.o. ) all right . there be a loud buz and the gate swing arthritically open . 9 . 14 ext . marron estate - driveway - day 14 franks Pov as he move up the wind drive through heavily land - scape grounds . plenty of potential hide place . the mansion be at the top of the hill . the grounds behind the mansion fall away . 15 ext . mansion - circular drive / entrance area - day 15 the mansion be huge . on and on it go . Frank drive past the garage area where henry , the chauffeur , be polish the mascot on the limousine . one of he arm be bandage . Henry peer at Frank , put down he cloth and walk toward the entrance where Frank be parking . Frank get out , look around . a painter 's truck be park nearby , two painter unload equipment from it . henry can I help you ? frank be you the man on the intercom ? henry no. can I help you ? frank my name be Edison . I have a appointment with miss marron . henry oh . and that be arrange by ...? frank ( impressed ) Mr. devaney . henry go right ahead , Mr. Edison . frank what happen to you arm ? henry ( look at he arm ) a doll . he go back to the limousine . Frank ring the doorbell , although the door be not shut . emma , a fiftyish housekeeper , appear . a man in cover - all come out past she , carry a length of timber . 10 . frank Henry Ford , to see Mr. devaney . emma come in , please . 16 int . marron mansion - day 16 Frank step into the foyer with Emma . she be a warm , matronly woman who do a fine job run the house without stand on custom . emma I will tell you quite honestly , Mr. Ford , I do not know where Mr. devaney be . do he say he would be here ? frank yes. emma then he probably be . let I look . she lead Frank into a large , unused formal parlor . there be dustsheet over the furniture and the wall be be repaint . on a number of tv screen scattered around , Rachel 's latest video ( the one we see in the open title ) be continuously play . the sound of the song itself -- " I have nothing " -- come softly from conceal speaker . emma please make yourself at home . can I get you anything ? Frank demur and Emma disappear back through the foyer . Frank watch she go , then move off into the house in the opposite direction . it 's obviously undergo a major redecoration . painter , decorator and designer come and go , oblivious to Frank 's presence . 17 int . marron mansion - various room - day 17 the deeper Frank walk into the house , the warmer and more live - in room appear . 18 int . marron mansion - SUN room - day 18 Frank step into a tile room that overlook the pool area . one wall be all glass . on the opposite wall be shelf contain the trophy of Rachel marron 's career : a tony award , three grammy 's , gold and platinum record , other statuette and plaque . among the frame photo - graph of Rachel accept award etc. , be one of she and 11 . she small son , fletcher , dress in a tuxedo . both be goof off for the camera with obvious affection . Frank look down at the pool . franks Pov dwarf by the pool , the only person in sight be seven - year old fletcher , the little boy from the photograph , dark - haire and fragile . he be crouch at the side of the pool with the remote control unit for a foot - long speedboat which be cut across the water . a nanny sit , some way off , embroider . Frank 's attention be distract . a heavier bass musical beat come from somewhere nearby in the house , another Rachel marron number , but this time up - tempo and bouncy . Frank follow the sound . 19 int . family room - day 19 Frank walk into the rear of the room that the noise be come from . it be large and comfortable with plenty of seating , a bar , a wall of stereo gear and a projection booth . it be pack with people , prop and video equipment . there be lot of activity , a general air of barely - organize chaos . music blare out . a group of six dancer , be rehearse a energetic dance number for a music video , direct by they choreographer rory . sunlight throw they in a silhouette against the glass wall at the end of the room . a video cameraman circle they , taping the rehearsal , which appear on a large - screen tv behind they . in one corner , a pretty black girl be be pin into a propose costume for the video . several people be stand - ing around , tend to the video and playback gear . all the chair face the far end of the room and it be not immediately apparent how many more people be hide among the big cushion . as Frank sit on the barstool at the back , a large swivel chair turn to reveal devaney . he wave to Frank and make he way over to he . on the other side of the room , a brawny , heavyset man in he late thirty rise to look at Frank . he have a twenty inch neck . devaney signal to he that everything be all right . the brawny man look at Frank a moment more , then sit down . Frank look around the room . a shelf laden with vitamin . guitar of various make . a flute . a gold record be use as a coaster . people smoking and chat through the rehearsal . 12 . in one of the chair , a pretty woman in she mid-thirty ( nicki , the woman we see at the premiere ) be knitting . she glance occasionally at the dancer . a man sit next to a phone busily discuss a contract with someone at the other end of the line . the music climax and abruptly stop . the dancer hold they dramatic final pose for a second , then relax again . applause . the clapping from the front sofa be loudest . then laughter . from elsewhere in the room come the voice of the video director . director ( o.s. ) playback , everybody ! Rachel 's voice come from the sofa . rachel ( o.s. ) come here , rory ! the choreographer skip to the sofa and disappear from sight . sound of kissing , laughter . the video rewind on the big screen and the dancer gather round it expectantly . rachel ( o.s. ) sugar , that 's gonna be great . I love the end ... devaney move to the front of the room . the playback start behind he . there be several overlap conversation go on . devaney Rachel ... rachel ( o.s. ) Nicki , how would you like the number ? you like the end routine ? director ( o.s. ) Rachel . you wanna see it back from the beginning or just the end ... nicki , respond to Rachel 's question . nicki it be just great , rory ... but Rachel be already replying to the video director . 13 . rachel ( o.s. ) I wanna see it all . tony ? I will bet tony love it . the brawny man , tony , shrug and stand to look at Frank as he speak . tony ehh ! rachel ( o.s. ) do not worry , rory . tony do not appreciate great art . the pin - up girl have be bring forward for Rachel 's approval , elbow devaney a little to one side . dress designer ( show the costume ) what do you think , Rachel ? devaney Rachel , Frank Farmer be ... rachel ( o.s. ) devaney , do you think this be I ? devaney ( not look ) it 's terrific ... devaney be now face the unseen Rachel . devaney Rachel , Frank Farmer be here . devaney nod in Frank 's direction . Nicki look at Frank . rachel ( o.s. ) who 's here ? devaney Frank Farmer . ( get no response ) the bodyguard . rachel ( o.s. ) I think rory should be my bodyguard . ( to dress designer ) let 's see the back again ... devaney Rachel , raise you butt out of there and meet this man . rachel marron finally rise from the sofa . it 's a bit of 14 . a shock to see that she be only about thirty year old . a young woman . not beautiful , not ugly . unique only in that she be immediately interesting . a superstar . rachel well , I be up . Rachel and Frank look across the room at each other . Frank come forward . devaney Frank Farmer , Rachel marron . Rachel offer she hand and they shake . Rachel look he up and down . rachel you do not look like a bodyguard . frank what do you expect ? rachel I do not know . tough guy maybe . frank this be my disguise . rachel ( smile ) well , he timing 's good . devaney this be Nicki , Rachel 's sister and personal secretary . nicki Nice to meet you , Mr. Farmer . devaney ( indicate ) ... tony scibelli . tony nod but make no move to shake hand . Rachel dismiss the dress designer . rachel ( to designer ) the back 's still not right ... spector , still on the phone , offer a perfunctory wave . devaney ... sy spector , Rachel 's publicist . 15 . rachel can we get you a drink ? frank Orange juice . rachel straight ? Nicki . Nicki go to the bar . Rachel sit and motion for Frank to sit opposite she . rachel rory , I will be with you in a second . rory get up , and go over to he dancer at the big screen video . rachel listen , this whole thing be Bill 's idea ... this sudden obsession with protect I . tony have always handle my security and we have do just fine . spector ( o.s. ) ( into the phone ) yes , I will hold but not long ... rory ( o.s. ) Rachel , you want to run through you step before we go again ...? rachel I will be with you in a second . Nicki hand Frank he orange juice . she look at Frank as she speak . nicki I think Bill 's right , Rachel . it 's time you take more precaution . spector enter the conversation . spector ( one hand cover the phone ) Nicki , I be sure Mr. Farmer would tell you the number of nut write fan letter jump every time Rachel be on the cover of a magazine . devaney not like this . 16 . a assistant hand Rachel a small sheaf of phone message , some papers for signature and a pen . Rachel check through they and sign as she talk . rachel relax guy , I say I would do it . you see what I be deal with here ? I be willing to go along , as long as we all understand each other . I be not go to let this alter my life one little bit . ( to assistant ) who be this ? assistant ( overlap devaney ) oh. that be clive 's office . they call three time ... devaney honey , that 's not go to be a problem . devaney ( cont 'd ) ( to Frank ) Rachel run a very informal household , we be all on a first name basis ... spector have finish up on the phone and jump in . spector ... and I be sure you will blend in just fine . you can select whatever alarm system you want for the house . some kind of improve security for the gate . what else , Rachel ? Rachel stand and start to wander over to rory and the dancer . Frank look at devaney . devaney do not like the tone this be take . rachel I think I be safe when I be here at the house so I guess the main thing will be when I go out . tony will be able to fill you in on all that . you two will have to work something out . I do not want both of you fall all over I everywhere I go . the most important thing be this -- I will not allow fletcher to be affect by this thing ... 17 . rory put he arm around she waist and stand behind she , start to run through she step with she in slow motion . spector ( punch phone ) I be just go to cover that . we will have to tell the child you have some other function ... rachel I do not want he to think he 's in prison . so the house and grounds must not be alter in any way . he should not be aware that you be here . be that clear ? Frank look at she a long time , glance up at devaney once . frank miss marron ... rachel Rachel . frank there 's be a mistake . a misunderstanding . if you will show I the quick way out , we will save each other a lot of trouble . Frank 's on he way . someone bring a silver headpiece on a stand to Rachel . she ignore it , still look at Frank . tony you can go past the pool . devaney shut up , tony . farmer Nice meeting you . devaney Farmer , will you wait a minute ? spector Bill , I do not think we should be begging this guy for he service . devaney sy , I be handle this . Rachel look on coolly as Frank slide open the glass door . devaney Farmer , will you wait a minute ? 18 . 20 ext . marron ground - back lawn - day 20 Frank be walk rapidly away from the window wall , down the slope . devaney be scurrying to keep up . devaney Farmer , will you wait a minute ? I should have tell you more . I be sorry but I be afraid she would not go through with it . I think I would let the two of you work it out ... come to a understanding . frank we do . Frank start to walk off . devaney be grasp at straw . devaney she 's not a bad person , and whether she know it or not , she need you . ( a beat ) you have come this far ... would you just wait here for one minute . I want to show you something . please , Farmer . devaney run back to the house . 21 ext . pool area - day 21 fletcher , happy to have someone to talk to , walk up to Frank with he remote- control speed boat . Frank would like to walk away , but fletcher block he way . Frank look at fletcher 's frail little , nut -brown figure . the watch nanny continue she embroider , some way off . fletcher hi! frank ( continue to walk ) hi. fletcher how be you today ? frank ( want to keep walk ) all right . how ' bout yourself ? fletcher oh , I be fine . do you like boat ? 19 . Frank give up . he 's not go to get out of here . he stop . frank no . I do not like boat . fletcher you do not ! why not ? frank oh , I do not know . fletcher sure you do , but you do not want to tell I . Frank consider he , then slip out of he sport coat . he crouch down so that he be eye-level with fletcher . frank you be a smart kid . fletcher nod . frank I will tell you . one time I be stick on a boat with some people for four month . fletcher a lifeboat ? frank nope . a big white yacht . do you know what a yacht be ? fletcher ( think about this ) yeah . my mom rent this huge yacht once , and we take a trip . it be great . everyone throw up except I . I love them . frank ( stand to leave ) well , nobody 's perfect . fletcher squint up at he , the sun in he eye . fletcher you be the bodyguard , be not you ? Frank be surprised . frank what do you know about it ? 20 . fletcher I have get ear . frank I will remember that . devaney trot into the pool area , out of breath . he be hold a bulg manila file . as he see fletcher , he hold the file casually at he side . Frank see fletcher look at the file . devaney how be you , fletch ? ( to Frank ) I be glad you wait . let 's go over here . frank ( to fletcher ) Nice meeting you . fletcher look after they silently . 22 ext . patio - day 22 devaney slide the file across the table at Frank , open - ing it . Inside be letter of every size and condition . repeatedly throughout this scene Frank 's gaze be draw to fletcher , who have start he boat again . devaney this be just in the last six month . frank ( look at the pile ) have you ever try have this professionally assess ? devaney shake he head no . Frank begin to look through the letter , flipping they by the corner of the page . from many different source , some be scrawle , some type , some assemble from cutout . many be soile and tear , other immaculate . occasionally , one will have a photo of Rachel with crude marking on it . spector enter suck on a popsicle . he come to stand over Frank 's shoulder , peer nonchalantly at the pile of letter . spector devaney say you be in the secret service . Frank nod . 21 . Frank go through they quickly , with a expert eye . he sometimes pause to read one more carefully . a few he remove from the stack and place in the center of the table . spector ever guard the main man ? frank I be two year with Carter and four year with Reagan . Frank set another letter in the center pile . he stop , smile at it . frank this be a little old lady in akron . she 's write to everybody I have ever work for . he continue to turn until something stop he . several letter be paper-clipped together . they be the paste - up type we see be assemble on the desk top . spector Reagan get shot . his chatter be beginning to annoy Frank . frank not on my shift . spector emit a gratuitous laugh , acknowledge the joke . spector that 's good . Frank go back to he letter . he tap the stack in the center of the table . frank at first glance , this do not bother I . but keep they . you never know . he separate one letter from the other . frank this could be something . devaney search Frank 's face . devaney you think it could be the same guy ? the one who rig the doll ? 22 . frank I do not know . do you tell miss marron about it ? do she know about the doll ? devaney and spector exchange look . this be evidently a sore point between they . spector we say there would be some electrical problem while she be on stage . short circuit . look , she do not need that kind of worry right now . it would upset she . frank what about the police ? spector there be no reason for the police . no one get hurt . frank what about the chauffeur ? spector it be nothing . it be just we people there . Frank turn and watch fletcher by the pool . devaney 's eye be still on Frank 's face . devaney sy , I think we should show he the room . 23 int . room - day 23 Frank follow spector and devaney into the room . he glance around , take in the mural , the decor , the kitsch attempt at fornicatorial splendour right from the page of a tabloid layout . frank be this she bedroom ? spector yes. devaney no . she sleep in a room next to fletcher 's down the hall . sy have this do for a magazine layout , spector ' superstar in they boudoir . ' 23 . do you see it ? frank no. devaney Rachel never like it . spector she do not have to like it ... devaney gently lay the cut - out letter on the bed . devaney we find the letter here . frank somebody be in here ? devaney somebody break in and ... masturbate on the bed . frank and she do not know about this either ? devaney shake he head . spector be you kid ? this would really freak she out . devaney what do you think ? frank someone penetrate the house , get upstairs and jerk off on the bed ... I would say that qualify as a problem . devaney what kind of problem ? spector ( agitate ) of fuck , we do not need this now ... frank this house be wide open . spector Excuse I ? frank I say this house be wide open 24 . and you people have no clue what real security be or what it take to achieve it . devaney ( do a quick read on Frank ) Frank , I totally respect what you be tell I . tell I how you want to work and I will accommodate you . frank look , I can not protect she . I will not be responsible for she safety if she do not know what 's go on . devaney I will talk to she , I will make she understand . I can do that . spector no. I will talk to she . spector exit the room in a huff . 24 ext . marron house front - day 24 Frank emerge with devaney and cross toward he car . devaney ... she will not give you any static , Frank , you have get my word on that . Frank be still focus on fletcher . frank sure she will . devaney so what job 's perfect ? you be a bodyguard , be not you ? slowly , Frank face he . frank ( quietly ) yeah . as they reach the car , devaney be relieved . he dare a perfect smile . frank devaney , if you ever lie to I again , I will take you apart . 25 . 25 int . marron mansion - franks room - day 25 Henry dupre be lean against the doorjamb . the room be comfortable , a guest bedroom . Frank flop one batter suitcase onto the bed and open it . he pull open some drawer in the dresser and start put away he clothes . henry why would you say you name be Edison ? frank I want to see how hard it be to get in . henry and it be not , be it ? Henry unconsciously flexe he finger , ease the muscle in he hand . Frank notice and pull out a small tube of ointment from a pouch he 's unpack . he hand it to Henry . frank put this on you arm . it will help the ache . Henry take it but be noncommittal . frank I will bet you can fill up a whole day just wash the car and drive Rachel marron around town . henry that 's my job . frank we be add to you duty . henry huh ? frank you be my new assistant . Frank remove three box of cartridge from the suitcase and put they in the back of a dresser drawer as Henry watch . henry say who ? frank Henry , I have spend a lot of time guard people all over the world 26 . and I have find one thing to be true . no matter how incompetent the assassin , no matter how much they miss they target by , there 's one person who always get hit . henry who ? frank the cocky black chauffeur . Henry consider this for a moment and smile . over scene 26 - 28 , we hear the voice of CNN 's martin grove from " showbiz today . " martin grove ( v.o. ) it 's oscar time again , folk , and with Academy member mark they ballot today for this year 's nomination ; some canny tipster in Vegas have announce they pick for the Award . martin grove ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) echoing the prevaile buzz in Hollywood , the Vegas Hilton be gambling on one sure thing at least . Newcomer Rachel marron be tip at 3 to 1 to lead this year 's best actress runner . martin grove ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) the sultry singer make a notable act debut last fall in Queen of the night , sing the hit song ' I have nothing ' . the lady may end up eat she word if she take home that statuette March 20th ... 26 ext . perimeter of estate - various shot - day 26 the fortification of the estate begin as Frank and Henry walk the grounds . Frank talk and point , Henry take note on a pad . Frank gesture at the stonework of the gate , point at the top of the stone wall along waverly Lane . at the tall hedge which separate the estate from its neighbor , Frank gesture to take in the entire length of the hedge border . Henry stop in amazement . Frank keep walk . 27 ext . marron estate - pool area - day 27 27 . fletcher stand at the edge of the terrace , stare down across the rear grounds . fletcher' Pov Frank and Henry be down there confer about the fence . rachel appear beside fletcher , look down there too , then lead she son purposefully away . fletcher be not happy about it . 28 int . marron mansion - various shot - day 28 Frank tour the house with Emma and Henry . Frank open various door , fidget with lock mechanism . Emma find it all exciting . 29 int . marron estate - pool house / ballet studio - day 29 a small room at one end of the pool house have be fitte with a wall mirror and ballet exercise barre . a stereo play exercise music . Nicki , dress in leotard , be do pre-aerobic stretch - ing exercise . Frank appear outside the window . Nicki wave he in . unseen by Frank , a huge St. Bernard lay in the front of the door . he muscle he way in , the dog never move , just slide along the floor as Frank push the door open . Frank look the room over . frank unusual tactic for a guard dog , but effective . Nicki smile , gesture he in . nicki you can look around if you like . Frank indicate it will not be necessary . Nicki stop work out . frank I be sorry to disturb you . nicki that 's all right . it 's a excuse to rest . it 's my private place . I be the only one who work out around here . Frank glance at photo on one wall . most be of Nicki from year ago ; some show she perform with a band . 28 . nicki my own ego wall . no platinum record . Frank spot a picture of two girl . frank you and Rachel ? nicki when I be a kid , I put a little band together . we play high school dance , stuff like that . then Rachel join the act . as you can imagine , she be quite a little entertainer . even then , she have a way of stop the show . so I kind of quit . professionally , anyway . frank you never go back ? nicki it be pretty obvious who the star in we family be . Frank look back at the picture . Nicki smile . 30 ext . marron estate - garage area - day 30 Frank and Henry walk toward the close garage . henry that depend on what you call a ' hint . ' frank I do not want anyone on the street to be able to look at the car and know who own they . Henry lean in a doorway and hit a master switch . the three door of the garage start to rise in sequence . henry I do not think there 's anything here you would call a ' hint . ' one at a time the door go up to reveal : first garage -- the cadillac limousine we have see earlier . license : rachel 2 second garage -- a gray mercede . license : rachel 3 29 . third garage -- a jaguar xke in a outrageous pink . no other car in the world be this color . license : rachel 1 Frank look at Henry , who be laugh and shake he head . he walk toward the jag . Frank release the hood . he look inside for a moment , then reach into the gut of the engine . he fiddle for a second , then stand up hold some wire and slam the hood shut again . he gesture toward the other two car . frank get new plate for that two . 31 ext . gate area - day 31 the fortification continue as workmen use a bulldozer to clear away the stonework around the entrance . 32 ext . driveway of marron estate - day 32 sitting beside Henry , Frank teach he how to spin the limo in a 180 degree ' skid turn , ' send up cloud of dust . a group of roady watch burst into spontan - eous applause . 33 ext . gate area - day 33 fletcher sit on the grass about halfway to the house , watch the activity with delighted interest . he turn as he spot something beyond the hedge . fletcher' Pov Workmen put up a seven - foot cyclone fence . across the road , a black Toyota 4 X 4 be stop . it slowly pull away . we can not see inside it . 34 ext . gate area - day 34 one worker pries a small boulder out of a hole with a crowbar . his partner pick up the rock and toss it on a small pile of rock . the boulder bounce down the backside of the pile . 35 int . rachel's bedroom - day 35 Rachel , look out she window at fletcher and the work - man , see the rock stop a yard from he . fletcher scramble away , much as a kid might dance back from a 30 . wave on a beach . the sight disturb Rachel . rachel fletcher ! c'mon . back in here ! as she speak , some workmen test the remote control on a window shutter . it descend in front of Rachel 's face . she be not amused . fletcher pass Frank on he way to join Rachel . he mutter almost under he breath . fletcher I think he 's get a black 4 X 4 . could be a chevy . more like a Toyota . Frank stare at fletcher , then look back to the street . 36 int . f.b.i. los angele office - conference room - day 36 the room be dark . a opaque projector throw a image onto a screen ; it be a letter threaten Rachel 's life . we hear voice . one be Frank 's ; the other two belong to special agent ray court and terry minella . the letter be one of the paste - up threat we see be assemble earlier . it read : marron bitch -- you have everything I have nothing . the time be coming when you shall die ... reading as fast as possible , we pick up some vicious threat and obscenity , but we do not have time to read it all before we ... CUT to : franks face illuminate by the screen . court ( o.s. ) this be another of the one we think be worth pursue . lot of work go into it . no print . we be do lab work on it . it could be nothing . minella's face be illuminate above the projector . minella this be the one you think be tie to the doll ? frank ( o.s. ) that 's what she manager think . 31 . court ( o.s. ) this 'I have nothing ' business be a natural with the record and movie and all . the projector light go off and the room light go on . the room be practically bare . Ray Court , a prematurely white -haire , career civil servant , raise the window shade . sunlight stream in . on Court 's lapel be a tiny p.t. Boat pin . Terry minella , a slight , dark 35 - year-old , offer Frank a cigarette ; Frank decline , minella light up . court I sort of lose track of you after Washington . frank yeah . court how 's the private stuff ? frank ( noncommittal ) fine. court Big money , I bet ? huh ? Frank shrug . Court look at minella knowingly . 37 int . federal build - day 37 minella and Court walk Frank to the lobby . court shit. I know it . it be big money . fuck ! you need a assistant ? I be ready to get out . I have lose my tolerance for assholic behavior . you should see the jerk we be cover now ... court ' hellfire Henry ' Kent ... minella shh ! somebody want to pop he ... court which be not exactly surprising , consider what the shithead 's 32 . be say . minella yeah ! do everyone a favor ... ( he cough , ironically ) as you know , we be nonpolitical this day . the three man laugh easily together . they have reach the lobby door . court ( to Frank ) we will put this stuff through Washington . Behavioral Sciences should have something in a few day . frank thanks . ( a pause ) Ray ? court yeah ? frank why be I get all this cooperation ? minella she 's a big star . important people care about she . court Politics and show business be practically the same this day ... get any crowd photo we can use ? frank I be try to keep she away from crowd . court good luck . 38 int . the ivy - day 38 it 's busy . lot of customer arrive , leave and seat at table . waiter criss -cross the terrace . near the entrance , Rachel be say goodbye to a middle - age woman . Frank stand nearby with Nicki . the woman say something to Rachel , who turn and look at Frank . Rachel whisper something to the woman and they both laugh . they kiss and Rachel move toward the entrance . 33. woman ( a afterthought ; phony ) Goodbye , Nicki . so great to see you . Nicki wave and follow Rachel . Frank stay very close without seem to walk with Rachel . a little girl dart into they path and approach Rachel . Rachel glance at Frank , who have stop with she , then she sign a autograph for the girl . the girl 's mother , close behind she , hand a small camera casually to Nicki to be photograph as she and she daughter pose with Rachel . Frank watch Nicki quietly comply . Rachel , spector and Frank all reach the front entrance together , and Frank slip out first , glance around . Rachel come out and pass within inch of he . rachel I be surprised you do not plug they . 39 ext . the ivy - day 39 Rachel attract the usual stare from passersby . as they reach the limousine , Frank continue scan the street . tony stare at he , uncomprehend . tony ( impatiently ) hey , let 's go . Frank take a last look then get into the front seat next to tony . frank ( across tony ) o.k . Henry , let 's go . tony look at Frank , eye narrowing . from across the street , we see the limo pull away . as the shot clear , the dark shape of another vehicle appear , slowly move into frame over the top of the camera . 40 int . front seat of limo - day 40 Frank sit beside tony , next to the door . tony speak to he in a near whisper . tony let I set you straight on a few thing . for starter , I love this lady ... what I do for she I do for 34 . love . I be not some hire fuckin ' gun who be out to make she life miserable . while tony speak , Frank 's eye dart to the side mirror ; he gaze never leave it . franks Pov - black toyota appear in the rearview mirror . back to scene tony I do thing the way she like . her happiness be everything to I . Frank speak while concentrate on the mirror . frank no problem . I would like to know how you handle thing , tony . tony I handle thing fine , Frank . you watch I and you will learn something . frank ( to Henry ) turn leave . henry be that he ? Frank shake he head , he 's not sure . tony react . tony hey , what 's go on ? frank shortcut . franks Pov - toyota in rearview mirror as the limo turn , the 4 X 4 follow they into the turn . angle - frank whisper to Henry . frank slow down , very slow . henry you want I to do a one-eighty ? 35 . frank no , just slow down . the car slow . angle - spector and rachel in back they look up from some papers . spector why be we stop ? be we here ? behind they , through the rear window , the 4 X 4 can be see . sense something , it make a sudden tire - screeching leave turn , disappear behind they . 41 ext . marron estate - day 41 the limo enter the gate where workmen be rigging a large fence . 42 int . limo - day 42 Frank speak to Henry . frank stop here ... take they to the house . Frank jump out and jump a hedge , racing toward the lawn and work area . angle - tony , rachel and spector as the car pull away they see Frank run wildly across the property . tony what 's with he ? 43 ext . marron estate - day 43 as Frank come through some bush , he suddenly catch a glimpse of the 4 X 4 through the tree . it start to accelerate . as it pull away ( it be too far to record the license number ) , he break into a full run toward the other end of the property . leap hedge , Frank crash through tropical vegetation . crashing through a bamboo forest , he scurries down a steep wood slope toward the road below . the 4 X 4 can be glimpse through the tree as he run to head it off . 36 . a retain wall about 14 foot high rise from the road to the slope . without a pause , as the car speed beneath , Frank leap and drop the full distance to the road . the 4 X 4 roar past just miss he and turn a corner . hitting hard , Frank allow he knee to take the force of the fall , deliberately roll once before he spring into a crouch upright position . but the 4 X 4 speed around a corner and be go . 44 int . marron estate - day 44 the fortification continue as workmen tighten screw , install electrical wiring , test alarm . as Frank watch over the work , we see he show Henry how to wear a surv kit communication system . frank keep this loose . fletcher come to take a look too . he peer up at Frank , expectantly . fletcher tell I about the car ? frank Toyota . Black . fletcher four wheel drive ? late model ? Frank nod . fletcher look pleased . frank one snag though . fletcher 's face fall . fletcher what ? frank 360,000 of they in Los Angeles . I check . Nice work , though . fletcher ( shrugging ) well , nobody 's perfect , Frank . be they ? ( gesture to the surv kit ) can I try that ? 37 . 45 ext . marron estate poolside - day 45 Rachel have be watch fletcher and Frank down the hill . now she lean back on the chaise lounge where she be sun , try to listen to a new song on a walkman . there be the screeching howl of a drill on metal from the direction of the house . Rachel jump up and yell toward the house . rachel shut up you asshole ! 46 int . rachel's bedroom - day 46 a mild - look old locksmith be work on Rachel 's window . Rachel walk in from the pool , start to peel off the swimsuit . she stop , startle , as she see he . this be the last straw . she blow up . rachel ( clutching the swimsuit ) you ! you ! out ! out ! now ! out of here ! get out ! terrify , the Old locksmith drop he tool and begin back out of the room . old locksmith yes , mar 'am . thank you . I be a real fan of yours , miss marron . still angry , but disarm , Rachel make a face . rachel then you can take you tool with you . she turn to the window , in what she imagine be Frank 's general direction , and , like a little girl , suddenly stick out she tongue . 47 ext . marron estate - gate / guard house - day 47 in a big closeup on a black and white tv screen , we see devaney 's immaculate convertible mercede 500 sl as it roar up the drive . Frank , Henry and fletcher watch in the newly -erect guard house . the area be greatly change . there be a uniform guard with a impressive array of switch , light and phone at he command . there be several tv screen ; one of they show a series of endlessly - pan shot from camera at the rear of 38 . the grounds . on the other , the mercede kick up dust from the last few curve in the drive . fletcher shake he head . he 's see it all before . henry be that devaney ? fletcher ( to Frank ) she 's get he by the short one , do not she , Frank ? Frank squelch a smile at Henry . where do he learn that ? frank yeah , she make he nervous . they watch as devaney screech to a stop , get out and hurry inside . 48 int . family room - day 48 Nicki be cut fruit at the bar . Rachel , very tense , be take the fruit and drop it into a yogurt drink she 's make in a blender . rory , she choreographer , stand behind she , massage she neck and shoulder . spector be perch on a bar stool like a vulture . devaney hurry into the room ; Nicki give he a look . rachel I want he go . devaney what be it now ? nicki he tell Rachel no Sunday brunch at Charlie 's . devaney no Sunday brunch . that 's why you call I up here ? rachel that be not it ! it 's my money and my life and I want he out of here . devaney where be he ? Nicki indicate through the glass door . devaney walk over to it . 39 . nicki on the patio . rachel he 's through mess with my life . devaney Rachel , I be get goddamn sick of run up here every time he step on you toe . ( lean out the glass door ) Farmer ! would you come in here a minute ? devaney walk back toward Rachel . rachel do you know he be nut ? spector do you know who could not get past the gate yesterday ? rachel who ? spector Robin Leach , that 's who . rory snigger into the back of Rachel 's hair , fight off a laugh . Rachel have difficulty keep a straight face , too . spector glare at they as Frank enter from the slide door . spector you think that 's funny ? the man talk to 20 million people and he can not even get in here . frank do he have a appointment ? devaney turn to he . devaney Farmer , what be this about brunch at Charlie 's ? Rachel 's be go there every Sunday for the last five year . frank I do not want she do anything she 's always do . 40 . rachel ( mimick he ) ' I do not want she do anything she 's always do . ' the guy 's a fanatic . devaney so be the guy he 's protect you from . rachel Excuse I if I do not faint . nicki think of fletcher -- Rachel turn on the blender , drown out Nicki 's voice . Frank look at Rachel coolly . she stare at he petulantly , then turn off the blender . rachel do you know he 's get the phone bugge ? spector oh Jesus , Bill . rachel maybe he get off listen to my call . all that heavy breathe ... devaney ( interrupt ) what do you want from my life ? rachel I want some peace around here . spector that 's right . devaney look at Frank imploringly . frank we be almost do . rachel and I want to be able to eat brunch with my friend . frank go on Tuesday this week . spector look at he as though he be a martian . 41 . spector ( stretch it out ) Tuesday -- morning -- brunch . where do you find this guy ? Rachel turn on the blender and stare at Frank . 48a ext . thrift shop - valley - day 48a Rachel 's limousine be park opposite the shop . it 's a decidedly downscale area . a little way off , a group of unemployed youth hang around , eyeing the limo with interest . Henry sit at the wheel . tony stand by the open window , lean against the car . henry ( look at the youth ) I wish Rachel do not keep come here . it make I nervous . tony I too . ' cept I be not nervous ' cos I get you with I . 49 int . thrift shop - close on clothes hanger - day 49 screeching as it 's sly along a metal rack . Rachel be shopping for bargain , move along rack of discard clothing . rachel Louise , you have get too much great stuff . owner ( from the back of the shop , laugh ) take it all , darlin' . Frank lean casually against a wall , not watch Rachel , but watch the shop , watch the street outside . Rachel find something she like . rachel wooo ! let I try this on . she flick a glance to Frank ; he 's not look at she . she pull back the curtain of the makeshift change booth , then stop dramatically . 42 . rachel ( to Frank , indicate the open booth ) Farmer , do you want to come in here with I ? just to be safe ? Frank glance at she , then resume he surveillance of the shop . Rachel 's head bob up and down above the curtain as she change . rachel you probably will not believe this , but I have a reputation for be a bitch . Frank say nothing . he gaze outside through the store - front window and see Henry and tony horsing around next to the limo . a few small boy stand around the car . one of they be climb onto the hood . rachel I do not use to be . but you get know for be a certain way -- a way people think you be -- and pretty soon you get like that . can not help it . Frank smile knowingly . Rachel notice . rachel you do not think so ? you be such a expert on famous people ? frank I have see a few . rachel and you disagree ? frank ( very flat ) you can be as you choose to be . it 's a act of discipline sometimes , but it can be do . Rachel stop in she track ... then open the curtain and look at herself in the mirror . also reflect in the mirror be Frank . rachel that why you never stay with one of you client ? they too undiscipline for you ? or be it you be afraid you will start to care about they ? 43. frank ( without interest ) that 's right . Rachel turn to Frank . rachel can not you answer straight just once ? why do not you talk to I ? I be not such a bad lady . frank you be too clever for I . I can not keep up . Frank continue to search the shop and street with he gaze . Rachel step closer to he . rachel look at I , Farmer ! Frank turn and look at she . rachel you do not approve of I , do you ? frank disapproval 's a luxury I can not afford . get in the way . rachel do not like emotion get to you , huh ? never mix business with pleasure ? frank that 's right . it 's a stand - off . after a moment , Rachel motion to a outfit on a rack just behind he . rachel grab that would you ? Frank take a beat . look out the window . frank I be here to keep you alive ... not to help you shop . fuming , Rachel size thing up , then grab it herself , whipping the curtain shut behind she . a smile play across Frank 's face . 44 . 50 int . darkened room - closeup - night 50 we see a man 's hand remove a video cassette from its sleeve . the cover read " rachel marron - the # 1 hit . " the cassette be gently ease into the slot of the video player . Rachel 's image appear on the screen , sing softly , intensely , passionately into the camera . we track into the image , as if a little hypnotize by it . angle frank Frank sit alone in he room , light by the glow of the tv , dress in a business - style blue suit and tie . he 's watch Rachel 's video . scatter around the video player be a collection of other Rachel marron CD 's , tape and video . Frank have be note down lyric on the yellow legal pad on he lap . some of the phrase be circle . as he watch , we see a subtle change in he expression . it be as if he really be look at Rachel for the first time , here , watch she sing . for a second , she seem to be sing to he alone , passionate and vulnerable . he open a small box and remove a tiny enamelle Russian Orthodox - type cross . he fasten the clasp , check that it hold , then look back to the screen . 51 ext . marron estate - night 51 Rachel 's song plays over the moonlit estate . 52 int . rachel's bedroom - night 52 the room be surprisingly bare and simple , almost empty apart from Rachel 's collection of old and fade doll on the shelf and on the bed . Rachel be get dress for the evening . a hairdresser stand behind she , fussing with she hair . Rachel hear the music come from outside and move to the window . ( the hairdresser move with she , still busy with the brush . ) gazing across the garden , she see the light in Frank 's room and hear she own voice sing out from there too . 53 ext . marron house - night 53 Frank be show Henry how to check the underside of the limo with a angle mirror on a stick . both be crouch beside the vehicle . a noise make they look up . Rachel , dress to the nine and look very sexy , emerge from the house with spector and devaney . spector 's carry a videotape . tony follow as they head for the car , where 45 . Frank and Henry be wait . fletcher stand in the doorway , flanke by uniform security guard . he wave at Frank . frank ( to Henry ) I think it be dinner . Henry shrug . frank ( to spector ) be we go somewhere else ? spector the mayan , Frank . frank what 's the mayan ? spector start to climb into the limo . spector it 's a club , Frank . come on , Henry , let 's go . frank spector , you have get to tell I about this thing . spector I just do . he disappear inside the limo . Rachel tug at Frank 's lapel , look he up and down , brush something off he shoulder . Frank 's annoyed . rachel Nice suit , Frank . Rachel be about to get in . frank Rachel . he remove something from he pocket , a small enamele cross . frank I want you to keep this . Rachel look at it , both flatter and confuse . rachel for I ? it 's beautiful . 46 . frank it 's fitte with a radio transmitter . when you close the clasp , it send a signal . if there 's ever a problem and we be separate , just press it and I will know you need I . Rachel do not know how to respond . she 's stick for word . spector poke he head out impatiently . spector okay , she know how it work , let 's get go . Rachel manage a quick smile to Frank as she get in the back . Frank get in the front beside tony . the limo pull out . 54 int . limo - night ( later ) 54 Frank ride beside tony in the front seat . the radio plays softly in the b.g. in back , Rachel , spector and devaney be drink champagne . tony burp , smile at Frank . radio d.j. ( v.o. ) you be listen to k.r.o.k. , the rock of L.A. and yes we have . ( more ) radio d.j. ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) we tell you we would crack the case of the mystery guest ... and if you be one of the few who have not hear , it 's Rachel at the mayan . franks turn up the volume . radio d.j. ( v.o. ) Rachel marron , tonight , appear as billy Thomas ' very special guest . but if you do not have a ticket , you can forget go down there . Police be ask we to ask you to stay away . so everybody , please stay cool , stay tune and we will try to get you some interview after the show . remember , you hear it here on k.r.o.k. -- the station that deliver . Frank look back at spector who silently mouth -- 47 . spector it be not I . the car turn a corner and there it be , the mayan only fifty yard ahead , a mob of fan spilling out of the club , off the sidewalk and into the street . tony fuckin ' a. spector whoops with uncontrolled delight from the back of the limo . Frank stare ahead in disbelief . the noise of the crowd can be hear as they pull up front . 55 ext . the mayan - night 55 the mob react to the sight of the approach limo which turn into the parking area and head for the backstage . face of the fan be at the window leer at Rachel . many be grotesquely paint . some go into a wild frenzy as Rachel 's limo pull up . there be a punch - up and a man be beat back . someone have a video camera . its quartz light shine in through the limo window . everybody squint at the glare . 56 ext . backstage entrance - night 56 as Rachel 's car pull up , the beat man dance weirdly at the curb with blood stream from he nose . a pair of security guard try to hold they back . as she limo stop , a chant begin . crowd Rachel ! Rachel ! we want Rachel ! other join in as the mob press forward . the instant she exit the car , she expression go public -- a wide , show - biz smile . sandwich between spector and devaney , with tony in front and Frank at the rear , Rachel make she entrance . a young man break the barrier move toward Rachel . Frank grab he by one of he belt loop , gracefully guide he all the way across and slip he under the opposite cordon into the arm of a security guard . 57 int . rachel's dressing room - night 57 Rachel step into a room set for a star 's arrival . Flowers be on every surface that will hold they . one huge arrangement be so big it have to be place on the 48 . floor . Frank check they all with a magnometer wand before let Rachel sit down . he go out , close the door , watchful . 58 int . backstage - night 58 Frank 's eye search the crush of people , milling around outside the dress room . a few foot away , spector talk to a journalist who 's carry a tape recorder . journalist ... and this be my exclusive ? spector I swear I think she would talk to you . maybe later . what can I say . Frank be check out by a strange - look woman in vampyra drag . 59 int . dressing room - night 59 Rachel sit in front of the mirror put on the silver headpiece we see earlier . she notice a small spray of lily - of - the-valley among the floral arrangement . a envelope mark " Rachel " be attach to it . she reach forward and open it . we see the note as she unfold it . marron bitch - you have everything I have nothing - prepare you soul for death - the time to die be ... we see the shock in she face . 60 int . STAR be suite - night 60 spector , Frank , and devaney be there . Rachel seem daze , unfocuss . devaney hand the note to Frank . devaney he send another one . Rachel immediately pick up on this . rachel what do you mean ' another one ' ? Frank quickly shoot a look at spector . frank they do not tell you . 49 . rachel tell I what ? devaney there be some letter before , Rachel ... same kind of thing , threat , oddball stuff ... spector we do not want to worry you ... devaney ... and somebody get into the house ... rachel ( start to panic ) someone be in my house ? spector okay . let 's not get hysterical ... frank let 's get she out of here . rachel someone be in my house ? spector it be week ago . you be out of town ... rachel while fletcher be there ? spector listen , fletcher be okay . the house be like Fort knox now . right , Frank ? frank we should get she out of here . right now ! spector there 's no way anyone could ... rachel no way anyone could what ? spector no , wait ... look everybody calm down . calm down . devaney sy . 50 . spector let 's just see how she be . ( to Rachel ) how do you feel , honey ? someone come through the door with some flower . Frank ease they out and gently close the door . frank I can not protect she out there . rachel do you think he 's out there ? devaney can not answer . she turn to Frank . rachel he 's here , be not he ? frank he might be . spector we do not know that . Frank , we do not know that . Rachel be enraged . rachel but you know he be in my house ... oh my god. devaney let 's go home , sy . we will have to make a announcement . spector Fine , you make it , they will tear the fuck place apart . 61 int . onstage - night 61 a lone mike stand onstage . the crowd 's grow im - patient . a rhythmic clapping begin . devaney walk timidly onstage . he 's not happy to be there . he reach the mike and tap it with a finger . devaney Excuse I ... hello ... I have get a announcement to make . I be sorry but ... due to circumstance beyond ... voice shout . " where 's Rachel ? " ... a groan begin . a chorus of boo fill the room . he raise he hand . 51 . more voice . 62 int . backstage - night 62 Frank guide Rachel toward the stage exit . a roar from the audience begin . " Rachel ! Rachel ! Rachel ! " it grow louder as they near the exit . Rachel 's expression be a combination of fear and humiliation . when they have almost reach the exit , she stop . rachel wait ... frank Rachel ... do not do it . it 's not worth it ... rachel ( cut he off ) no fuck freak be gonna chase I off stage . she pull away from he . Farmer start after she , closely follow by spector . 63 int . stage - night 63 devaney I be afraid that ... a great gush of applause from the audience . devaney 's befuddle . he do not see Rachel walk up behind he . devaney Rachel will not be able ... Rachel stand beside he beam . she bow . clap back to she fan . devaney retreat . Rachel gesture in he direction . rachel Bill devaney , lady and gentleman , thank you , Bill . hey , everyone . hello ! be not billy Thomas the great . he 's ask I to sing a song . I hope you do not mind . the crowd roar its approval . Frank nervously scan the room . Rachel smile and move along the stage . music start in the b.g. mask obvious fear , she start to sing . as she take one hand from the microphone , she finger tremble . she clasp it again to hide she anxiety . 52 . angle - rachel - shot from behind show she alone and vulnerable , bath in light , center - stage . Rachel snatch a quick glance at Frank then look back to she silent audience . angle - frank he scan the audience intensely , face to face . 63a ext . mayan - backstage door - night 63a Rachel 's limo stand wait . camera pull back to reveal a black Toyota 4 X 4 park among the other car . 63b int . mayan - night 63b Rachel approach the end of she song , she voice come ever stronger . spector come up to Frank in the wing , positioning himself combatively between Frank and he view of Rachel . spector be we have a communication problem here ? frank what ? spector 's presence be a distraction . Frank step to one side for a better view of Rachel . spector move too . spector apparently , I do not make it clear to you how thing go around here . frank you tell I you be go to tell she . and you do not . spector I do not think she could handle it . frank but she handle it fine . Frank continue to peer past spector 's shoulder , he vigilance undiminished . soothed and nurture by the obvious admiration of she audience , Rachel 's fear be beginning to vanish . the song be take over . spector change tack , become confidential , " man-to-man . " 53. spector look . Frank , I know what you be say . I know you want to do what 's best for she . I understand that . you have a job to do here . but you have to understand that Rachel have a job to do too . and that 's what she 's do - out there . she 's work , Frank . that 's what she do and that 's where she do it . she 's hot right now . this be the time for she . if she do not get out there , she 's dead . forget about crazy death threat , if she do not sing , she 's dead anyway ... look , handle properly , this thing could be good for a million dollar ' worth of free publicity . Frank grab he by the collar and slam he up against a wall of curtain rope . frank one word . spector it could clinch she the nomination . frank one word in print about any of this ... spector nod , half - gasp . Frank tighten he grip . Frank 's attention be draw by a renew roar from the crowd . spector trouble with you be you do not understand the sympathy vote . 64 int . stage - night 64 Rachel scan the crowd , spread before she like a surreal mural . camera flashbulb explode like crazy through the glare . the thunder adoration be like a stimulant . she dart a look to Frank and give he a fierce " naughty girl " smile . rachel ( turn back to crowd ) you like that ? would like to hear another ? billy ? 54 . from the wing , billy Thomas give she the nod to go for it . it seem to be alright with everyone . the band start play a dance beat . rachel ( on the prowl ) I think my foot be try to tell I something ... wanna see a new video ? the crowd explode . they know what song be come . they start to move with Rachel . rachel ( dance , talk ) I want to dance ... she skitter to the other side of the stage , bait she fan . her new video explode across the video wall behind she . the crowd surge forward . two security guard nervously tense up , watch the crowd . when one fan try to climb onstage , Frank reach out and unbalance he , so that the man fall back into the audience . another man climb the stage on the other side . one of the guard dart out like a ballboy at a tennis match , push the fan back and scurries to the far side to resume he vigilance . the crowd be get even more excited , press closer , try to touch Rachel . the security guard move in , but Rachel gesture for they to back off . angle - frank Frank 's task have suddenly become impossible . a forest of hand and face start to engulf Rachel . anyone could be the killer . Frank 's eye dart over they all , he gaze intense , as if try to hold they off by sheer willpower . rachel be Pov look offstage at Frank . his frustration be almost intoxicating to she . she strut over the lip of the stage . a man leap up from audience to join she . Frank start forward . Rachel gesture to he to hold back , wave he off . 65 int . wing - night 65 spector stand well out of Frank 's reach , stare at Rachel onstage . he catch Frank 's attention , yell back defiantly . 55 . spector look at she , fuck great . 66 int . onstage - night 66 Rachel dance erotically with the man -- bump and grind , sink to she knee . the crowd roar approval . Frank quickly size up the scene . he speak into a surv kit microphone in he sleeve . across the room we see Henry listen , push a earpiece to he ear . Henry quickly scurries to a exit . Frank start move toward the stage . at that moment , the lucky man Rachel 's dance with grab she around the waist and spin she gleefully , like the dance partner she have be pretend to be . one of security guard rush forward to extri - cate she . the spin man inadvertently bump hard into the guard and the man lose he grip on Rachel . she fly out of he grasp and tumble off the front of the stage -- into the ador arm of a half dozen fan . the audience go wild . this be the kind of thing Rachel be famous for when she be start out . the scene resemble a rugby scrum ... with Rachel the ball . Frank see Rachel be pass over the head of fan -- deeper into the audience . her dress be rip and tear apart . the silver headpiece be dislodge and disappear into the crowd . close on rachel fear fill she face . she 's go over the edge , literally and figuratively . she 's lose control . tony and the security guard be fight to get to she , slamm body out of the way . in the b.g. , the video continue on its serene , uninterrupted way . franks Pov he spot a fire extinguisher in the wing . back to scene Frank grab it and head to center stage . he aim the extinguisher at the crowd between Rachel and the stage . the chemical foam do its job , scatter fan . Frank leap onto the floor , kick a wild - eye young blond man in the chest as he fight he way to Rachel , take she in he arm . tony run ahead of Frank , knock a fan off the stage and wave for Frank to follow . 56 . frank tony , not there . tony I will take care of this . he head for the door . tony just follow I . he turn and head out to the sidewalk like a bull . 67 ext . the mayan - night 67 tony burst out the front door and begin cut a swath through the crowd . rain beat down . tony make way here . outta the way ! a burly street regular get a shove from tony and come back hard . the crowd immediately side with he , yell encouragement . but tony be the better man and send he sprawling . the rest of the way to the curb open up . at the parking area tony discover there be no limo and turn in bewilderment to Rachel . but she be not there . a couple of people laugh . 68 ext . alley - night 68 Rachel and Frank emerge from the darkness between two garbage bin and get into the limo Henry have wait there . the car move out with a screech of tire , narrowly miss spector as he stagger out of the building . spector hey ! what the fuck ... Farmer ! Farmer ! come back here ... the limo skid around the corner and speed off up the street , leave spector in helpless fury -- apoplectic and speechless . 69 int . limo - night 69 Frank turn and look at Rachel . she be diminutive , doll - like , alone in the center of the large limousine seat . her hand rise to she face and she body begin to shake with sob as she sit there alone in the tatter remain of she dress . Frank turn away to avoid stare at she , but he feel 57 . uncomfortable . Henry sense what be go on and speak softly . henry never do that before . frank it 's be a long night . 70 int . the mayan - night 70 the crowd be thinning out . a dim worklight be burn somewhere backstage . the auditorium be a mess ; the clean crew have begin to work on the debris from the riot . footstep approach , walk , pause , as if look for something . lying on the floor in big closeup we see a small fragment of Rachel 's dress . the footstep stop by it . a hand pick it up gently and lift it out of frame . we hear the sound of a deep linger inhalation of breath . the foot move on . 71 int . marron house - night 71 fletcher be asleep in he bed . Frank wait as Rachel glance in . then she move away . open the door to she room , she step back , allow he to enter ahead . 72 int . rachel be room - night 72 Frank move quickly into the room , check the window and french door . Rachel wait silently by the door . all be clear . he step back to the door . as he approach she she begin to tremble . he gently reach out and take she in he arm . slowly hold she he lead she to bed , move aside some of Rachel 's doll , laid out on the pillow . her hand go automatically to she dress but they be shaking so badly she cannot undo it . Frank gently do it for she . she willingly allow he to undress she and not a word be speak between they . as she sit naked still tremble , he pull down the cover and guide she gently into bed . as he adjust the cover she reach up and take hold of he hand . he look down , stroking she forehead like a child 's . rachel be not you go to ask I why I behave like that ? 58 . frank I know why . 73 int . kitchen - night 73 Frank sit alone at a table in the huge kitchen , care - fully cut and eat a peach . the door at the other end of the room slam open and tony stalk in , soaking wet . he have just make he way home from the mayan and he be boil . he sight on Frank and move toward he fast . Frank just watch until tony be almost upon he . as tony reach out to lift he by he shirt , Frank spin low out of he seat . tony 's leg be knock out from under he . he land hard on he back and find himself look up at Frank , who hold he down with the chair he be sit on , like a lion tamer , a leg strut press against tony 's throat . Frank look down at he question - ingly , as if to ask , " have enough ? " tony scowl and nod . Frank lift the chair away . tony stand up and face he . Frank turn away and tony throw a punch at he head , barely catch he as Frank duck and move in under it . he hit tony twice and throw he against a cabinet . tony get up slowly , look around and grab a carve knife from a hook on the wall . he hold it in front of he threateningly . Frank shake he head . he 's get irritate . he pick up the knife he 's be use on the peach and flip it in he hand so he 's hold it by the blade . with the same fluid motion we have see earlier , he throw it at tony . it stick in the wall a inch from tony 's ear . tony do a slow take and then lower he blade . Frank pick up he dirty dish and take it to the sink . he glance at tony . frank I do not want to talk about this again . 74 ext . marron estate - driveway - dawn 74 Frank have be talk to the uniform guard in the gate house and now begin walk up the drive toward the man - sion . the grounds be quiet , beautiful , misty . we see he from behind some foliage , as if he 's be covertly observe , stalk . a twig snap and he turn sharply . it 's Rachel . she 's dress in a soft jumpsuit and start jogging out from behind the bush towards he . 59 . the suit soften she appearance ; she look lovely . her manner , too , have alter ; she be charming -- friendly and very girlish . rachel hey ! gotcha , do not I ? frank hey . rachel you be probably wonder what I be do . ( as Frank nod ) you do not know I jogge , do you ? Frank shake he head . rachel what 's the matter ? ' fraid I will get pick off in my snazzy run suit ? frank no. I be afraid I will have to jog with you . they both smile . rachel great . I guess I can not do it . Rachel stop pump , gasp for air , and for one moment , rest a hand on Frank 's arm to support herself . she remove it quickly . rachel will you walk with I a little ? Frank nod and they cut off across the grounds . rachel ( hard for she ) I know this be kinda late , but thank you . I be really glad you be here . ( she look at he ) I be go to try to cooperate . frank that would be good . they walk in silence for few moment . when Rachel finally speak , she sound genuinely unsure of herself , nervous . it 's very appeal . and if it 's a act , she 's a terrific actress . 60 . rachel Farmer ... I have this problem . this minor little problem . you see , I would like to go out for a evening . just I and a guy . you know ... ( make a funny face ) ... like a ' date . ' but I can not go out on a date because you have to be with I every minute . I mean , what if he invite I up to he place afterwards ? be you go to come , too ? ( a beat ) so the only thing I can figure be for you to take I out . ( pause ) so ... that 's what I be wonder ... you know . what do you think ? but only if you want to . Frank be bemuse . rachel only if you want to ... I be not so bad ... ( look at he ) God , this be embarrassing . I be gonna run up ahead there . you decide . she run up the hill to the pool area , which be now above they . he walk up after she . 75 ext . marron estate - balcony - day 75 Nicki be yell from a window on the second floor of the mansion . fletcher peer out with she . nicki ( o.s. ) Rachel ! Sandy Harris be on the phone ! Rachel and Frank look up . rachel tell she she will have to wait , babe . I be get fix up here . at window - close on nicki she watch Frank and Rachel , she expression neutral . she turn away . fletcher continue to watch he mother with Frank . 61 . 76 int . dan -dee car wash-o-rama ( l.a . ) - wash tunnel - 76 day the SOUND be deafening . a wet car come out of the tunnel of machinery . in the distance , glimpse through the spin brushes , Henry talk to a couple of worker as he wait for the limo to be clean . hand appear with a large chamois cloth , move easily and fast over the hood and windshield . a black in he early twenty be finish the exterior of the car . a second pair of hand appear . White hand in rubber glove . they open the driver 's door and push a vacuum suction hose inside . the hand switch on the car radio , loud . loud enough to hear over the din outside the car . the hose work its way over the front seat . d.j. ( v.o. ) ... and here 's another biggie from a lady very much in the news this day , miss Rachel marron ... we see the owner of the hand . it be the young blond man Frank kick aside at the mayan . his name be dan . his face be impassive . d.j. ( v.o. ) ... the hit song from the movie ... Queen of the night ... I have nothing . the song begin and Rachel 's voice fight the din . in the back of the car , Dan 's hose probe around , nose into all the crevice of the upholstery . it suck up a crumpled pre-sign photograph of Rachel from the gap beside the rear seat . the hose be switch off and the glove hand retrieve the picture . 77 int . locker room - wash -a-rama - day 77 tight , shabby facility . Dan open the combination padlock to he locker and deposit the crumpled photo inside . as the hand remove the rubber glove , the inside of the locker be reveal . pasted over every inch of the locker be picture of Rachel marron . one tabloid shot of she dance with the word " whore " scrawle across it . tape to a single sheet of white paper in the center , like a holy relic , be the tear scrap of Rachel 's dress from the mayan . the hand pin up the newly -acquire photo next to it . 62 . 84 int . FBI laboratory - day 84 special agent Court be seat next to a white - coat technician . the technician be lean over one of the neatly paste - up death threat we have see earlier . with a scalpel , he lift the word " whore " from out of the message . he set it on a white sheet , then bring the blade back and scrape at the residue of the dry glue on the letter . insert - b&amp ; W shot of toshiro mifune wielding he sword , cutting down he attacker 85 ext . kokusai theatre - night 85 Frank and Rachel exit with a small crowd . Rachel wear a scarf and tinted glass . the combination go a long way toward disguise she . they pause at one of the dis - play window . Inside be a poster for the movie , yojimbo , a large picture of toshiro mifune look scruffy and fierce . rachel well , he do not look like he want to die to I . frank there 's a big difference between want to die and have no fear of death . they walk down the sidewalk . rachel and because he have no fear of death , he be invincible ? frank what do you think ? rachel well , he sure cream them all in the end . frank yeah , it be a good movie . they walk off down the sidewalk . rachel how many time have you see it ? frank sixty-two . 63. 86 int . restaurant - night 86 it 's a bit of a dive , but the food be good and the atmos - phere be great . rachel you kinda place ? Frank nod . frank yeah . rachel you kinda music ? as she smile : frank absolutely . rachel you figure no one can get by you here ? frank if someone be willing to swap he life for a kill , nothing can stop he . rachel great . what do I need you for ? frank he might get I instead . rachel and you be ready to die for I ? frank that 's my job . Rachel look at he . rachel and you would do it ? why ? frank I can not sing . rachel maybe there 's some glory in save a president or something , but just anyone ... frank you mean like you ? it 's a matter 64 . of conditioning and discipline . rachel I do not trust discipline . at the crucial moment I would cop out . frank that happen . rachel but not with you , fierce Frank . frank it happen . a beat . rachel have you ever like anybody ? frank what do you mean ? rachel like I -- a girl . Frank know what she 's drive at . but he 's not at all happy to relinquish this information . frank a long time ago . rachel what happen ? do you mind if I ask ? frank do you mind if I do not answer ? rachel I do not want to pry ... Frank smile at that . rachel ( begin to laugh , can not help herself ) she do not die do she ? you be not like ... protect she and she get kill ? Frank be silent , grim . Rachel look stricken . rachel oh , my god ! that 's it , be not it ? 65 . frank nobody 's perfect . Rachel be take aback . rachel oh Frank , I be sorry . Frank laugh . frank no ... Nice try though . ( pause ) it be less dramatic than that . she do not love I anymore . can you imagine such a thing ? Frank put a smile spin on this last ; it 's pretty charming . Rachel look at he . rachel no , not really . a song come on the jukebox -- ' what become of the broken hearted . ' Frank smile as Rachel begin to sing . rachel so , be this a full service date , Frank ? Frank 's wary . rachel I be just ask you to dance . 87 int . dance floor - night 87 Frank and Rachel navigate a tiny dance floor . Frank be a surprisingly good dancer and be comfortable be this close to she . Rachel hum softly , pick up the word to the song . as we listen to the lyric something click in she head . rachel you like this ? frank yeah . a beat , then Rachel burst out laugh . frank ( redden ) what ? 66 . rachel ( try to compose herself ) I be sorry ... it 's just that ... it 's so depress . now they be both laugh . frank ( grin ) it be , be not it . suddenly a dish drop to the floor . Frank , still dance , make a smooth quick turn that put he body between Rachel and the noise . his head turn to locate the source of the noise . rachel do not worry , I will protect you . they drift back into the music , Rachel sing , Frank watch . 88 ext . franks house - night 88 Frank 's car be park in the driveway . a light go on in a basement window . 89 int . franks house - basement 89 Frank hang back , drink in hand , as Rachel explore the basement . Frank have fitte it out as a combination gym / target range / weapon workshop . the place have a kind of unfussy order about it , a simplicity . rachel ( almost to herself ) it 's very quiet here . she walk to some shelf -- a random selection of book , football and karate trophy , frame citation and other memorabilia . she glance at a dusty frame photo of a football team . rachel ( read ) West Virginia University football . God , look at you . she look at Frank , quizzically . rachel what would you play ? 67 . frank end. rachel be you tough ? frank no. fast . Rachel put down she drink and move toward a samurai sword that be mount in its scabbard on the wall . she look at it , peer closely . rachel you some kind of a samurai , too ? Frank smile . rachel they say you be in the secret service . what make you get out ? Frank move away and sit on a sofa against the wall . frank money . Rachel look around at Frank 's modest home . rachel I can see you taste be extravagant . she look at Frank and then back at the sword . she reach out to touch it . rachel May I ? Frank nod . Rachel take it off its mount carefully , unhook the scabbard and begin to slide it off . frank watch yourself . Rachel slide the scabbard off . the naked blade be breathtaking . Rachel hold the sword out before she . she walk toward Frank , then stop and look over the blade at he . rachel you be a hard one to figure , Frank Farmer . he stare at she . she step closer , so the blade be only about a foot from he face . 68 . rachel it seem to I a bodyguard must know little peace . Frank stand up so that the point of the sword be only about a inch from he chest . he reach out over the blade to Rachel 's neck and unty the silk scarf she be wear there . one hand draw the scarf away . the other hand linger for a moment on she neck , then lift away . frank watch this . he have raise the scarf over he head , in the space between they . with two hand he spread it out and then let it go . slowly , billow , the scarf float down over the blade and be cut in two . this two piece float slowly to the floor . Frank take Rachel 's wrist and move the sword away to the side . they be both hold it as Rachel press she body against Frank 's and they begin to kiss . 90 int . franks house - bedroom - night 90 they lovemake be intercut with slow motion black and white image of samurai warrior from the movie , yojimbo . 91 int . franks house - bedroom - later 91 they lie nude under a sheet . rachel I have never be this safe before . Frank smile . rachel no one could get by you . frank right now it might not be so hard . Rachel laugh , kiss he and bury she head down into he shoulder . Frank stare across the bed at the samurai sword lie on the floor . some of Rachel 's clothing be drape in a heap across it . the tear piece of she scarf lie nearby . hold on Frank 's look . SHOCK CUT to : 92 int . franks bedroom - next morning 92 the roller-blind be raise with a sharp , snap sound . Frank be move around the room , get dress . Rachel 69 . be still in the bed behind he , wake by the noise of he activity . rachel what ? what be it ? what be you do ? Frank keep move , look for he shoe . rachel Frank ? frank Rachel , I do not want to get confuse about what I be do here . rachel I be not confuse . Frank find he shoe . frank you pay I to protect you , that 's what I do . Rachel sit up . rachel what ? have I do something wrong ? frank no , nothing . rachel then what be it ? she lift the sheet seductively and look over the top of it . rachel do you want I to beg ? frank no , I want you to do without . she stop . rachel what 's go on , Frank ? frank I want to keep it straight in my head what job I be do . 70 . rachel and what be that exactly ? make I feel like shit ? frank no , I be sorry . this be my fault . rachel do not apologize for godsake . just tell I what I do . I be a big girl . frank you do not do anything . it be I . I involved myself with my client . Rachel pick up on the word . rachel you " client " ? frank I make a mistake . rachel what mistake ?... you do not find I attractive anymore . frank Christ ! I have tell you why . I can not protect you like this . rachel and what ? that 's it for I ? frank yeah ... rachel I do not believe it . he automatically check the gun as he slip it into the holster . frank you can live with that or you can fire I . rachel but I can not fuck you . Frank turn and look at she . this be hard for he , too . rachel I do not believe this ... I be ask you ?... let I tell you ... 71 . she stop suddenly and , with a roar of combine frus - tration , humiliation and rage , she lurch from the bed in search of she clothes . Frank shut he eye in morti - fication and pain . 93 ext . marron estate - poolside - early morning 93 a nanny sit in the early morning mist , embroider . Frank be kneel with fletcher beside the pool . he 's put new battery into fletcher 's boat . fletcher watch he as he tear off the wrapping from the battery , much preoccupy . fletcher ( watch he ) she 's real mad at you , be not she ? Frank stop what he 's do and just look blankly at the battery in he hand . there 's a beat of silence . fletcher she tell I she do not understand why you be so shitty to she ... Frank 's shoulder droop and he let out a imperceptible sigh . he gently resume fitting the battery , still not look at fletcher . in the quiet of early morning , it 's almost like a confessional . frank I have spend a lot of time learn not to react to thing like other people do . it 's my job . but it do not always work , fletcher ... it do not always work . fletcher I do not think I understand . frank ( look at he ) I be a old man compare to you , pal , and I do not understand either . and I be start to get the feel I never will . there 's a crunch of footstep behind he . he look around . with a big flourish , a copy of Daily variety be put down in front of we , front page upwards . nicki ( o.s. ) ta Da ! 72 . Frank take in that it 's Nicki then glance at variety , lie on the concrete beside he . splash across the top , the headline announce the day 's news of the Academy Award nomination . Rachel 's name be among the best actress nominee . the Hollywood reporter follow . Frank pick up variety and stare at it . Nicki stand beside he with the morning 's mail under she arm . nicki ( look at he ) think you would like to know . everyone say she be a sure thing . of course , you know all about that . she raise a eyebrow , give he a look . Frank look steadily back at she . she drop a small pile of mail beside the magazine ... several letter and a small packet . she 's embarrassed by Frank 's gaze . nicki I be sorry . that be out of line . it 's none of my business ... here 's today 's question mark for you . she turn and walk briskly back to the house . Frank watch she go , then look slowly down to the pile . from across the pool , fletcher watch silently , then push he boat out into the deep water . 94 int . squirrel hill production - janitor be room - day 94 Frank be investigate the small packet , with a surgeon 's precision , check it with a stethoscope and a metal detector , sniff at it . it have be address in the normal way , except that Rachel 's name have be cut out of a magazine and paste above the address . he begin carefully slice away the wrapping . Inside be a cardboard box . the content be still hide by pack paper . he pick it away with tweezers . suddenly there be a loud buz from the box and movement in the paper . Frank drop the box into a bed of sand in a sink surround by sandbag . the movement slow and stop . Frank extract the item -- it be a wind - up mechanical beaver with a hand - paint sign hang around its neck : we love you , rachel you fan in beaver , PA . sally and kate . the beaver 's teeth click in Frank 's hand . we see Frank 's face . this may just have take year off he life . he hold he hand out straight , palm downward , 73. and look at it . no tremor . just check . spector 's voice suddenly shout from the next door office . spector ( o.s. ) Farmer ! get in here ! 95 int . squirrel hill production - rachel's office - day 95 the office be fill with congratulatory balloon and flower herald the morning 's news . spector 's secretary be take congratulatory phone message at a desk in the b.g. two assistant be struggle in through the door with a large baskete floral arrangement . spector confront Frank across he desk . spector put together a list of you expense . you total billing ... let I have it in one hour and I will see that a check be cut . frank do not you ever say what 's on you mind ? spector can not believe he 's be so address -- especially in front the staff . the assistant stop in they track and look . spector ( almost shout ) what 's on my mind be that you be fire , Frank . she miss all she interview yesterday because of you little date . do you realize she stand up Barbara Walters ? first you fuck up she career ... behind spector , out of he line of sight , Rachel and devaney appear in the doorway with more card . they also stop and listen . spector ... and now you be fuck with she head . frank that 's between we . spector you think so ? you forget who sign you check . you do not understand the role I play around here . 74 . frank no. I understand . spector stiffen , then decide not to take this one on . spector get you shit together and be out of here by noon . devaney Frank stay . spector look round , see that devaney and Rachel have be listen . Rachel be silent . with a curt nod of he head , spector gesture to the assistant to leave the room . devaney weigh in . devaney with this high a profile , Rachel need protection now more than ever . if he go , you can forget Miami ... spector she 's sign the fuck contract , Bill . you want I to read it to you ? Rachel be watch they both . devaney fuck the contract . if he go , she 's not sing a note . it 's too dangerous . spector oh . ' fuck the contract . ' great . why do not you let Rachel speak for herself ? I think she have some say in this . rachel ( flatly ) Frank stay . spector consider she for a beat , then look at the other . the secretary interrupt from the back of the office . secretary ( o.s. ) Mr. schiller call on line one ... spector ignore she , still hold he look at devaney , Rachel and Frank . spector well , I guess this be democracy in action . 75 . Rachel nod . spector , turn to take the call , flash she a " little boy " look . spector I give in . that 's not easy for I . do not I get a hug ? Rachel be stone - face . spector cover by pick up the phone . spector ( into phone ) yeah ?... sure , put he on ... Ben how be you ?... uh huh ... Frank and Rachel look at each other in silence . spector ... the ambassador ? what the hell be you try to pull , Ben ? Rachel always get the presidential ... I do not care what you think ... devaney lean to Frank as spector 's conversation continue in the b.g. devaney do you know the fontainebleau Hotel in Miami Beach ? Frank nod . devaney how do the ambassador suite compare to the presidential for we ? Frank think only for a moment . frank it 's on the twentieth floor in the south wing . there 's a service elevator right there . mainly ocean window . should be no problem . spector ( into phone ) ... I be aware of that , Ben , but let I just remind you people that you invite we ... Frank turn toward the door . 76 . rachel ( to Frank ) hang around , Farmer . we might need you vaunted expertise . she reach forward and hit a button on spector 's desk , throw the call onto a speaker . rachel ( sweetly ) hello , Ben honey . schiller ( v.o. ) Rachel , congratulation , you must be thrilled at the ... rachel ( across he ) Ben . I hear you have get I in the annex next to the kitchen . 96 ext . fontainebleau HOTEL ( miami beach ) - helicopter shot 96 - day we come streaking in over the ocean toward the tower white fontainebleau . on the soundtrack , we hear JOHN tesh's voice fill the viewer in on the latest Hollywood dirt . JOHN tesh ( v.o. ) ... it 's off to Sun City today for best actress nominee Rachel marron . Rachel 's give two aids charity concert this week at Miami 's fontainebleau Hotel . a thousand a plate no less . and rumor have it that the lovely lady have unseate the governor of Florida himself . seem there be a showdown on who will get to lounge in that big fontainebleau penthouse tonight . as we circle the top floor , we see a tiny figure on the balcony . JOHN tesh ( v.o. ) well , sleep tight in the presidential suite , Rachel . who say a nomination be not as good as win ... 97 ext . presidential suite - balcony - day 97 Frank look up at the disappear helicopter then down 77 . over the edge and around the corner . he lean slightly against the wringht iron railing . it sway precariously . Frank catch himself . frank thuringer . Frank kneel and inspect the fixture that anchor it to the cement balcony : the cement crumble around it , a weld joint be break on the side . thuringer , the hotel security chief , join Frank on the balcony . Frank shake the railing . thuringer God damn . I will get someone right on it . 98 int . presidential suite - day 98 Frank walk quickly across the live room of the lavish suite . two uniform security guard be make a sweep of the room with police dog . Frank check the drawer of a side table and then seal it with a peel - off security tape . thuringer be wait near the entrance hall . Frank nod to he . frank okay . let 's go . 99 int . hallway - 15 th floor - day 99 this be a semi-private corridor ; several hotel employee be steam - clean the carpet . Frank look at they , then thuringer . thuringer it 's okay , they have be clear . he show he clipboard to Frank . as the two man walk along the corridor , the guest elevator open and a twelve - year- old boy in a bathing suit ( MARK katz ) step out , accompany by he nanny . in the background , hotel security man be check fire - extinguishers and closet . thuringer ( to Frank ) the katze of St. Louis . very prominent . come every year . a elderly couple and three grandchild . a nurse and a may . they pass the little boy as he reach the door of the katz suite with he nanny . 78 . thuringer hi , Mark . MARK hi. Frank smile and nod to the nanny . thuringer ( to Frank ) theirs be the only suite on the floor . the two man reach the service elevator and the emergency exit door at the end of the hall . Frank open the stair - way door and go inside . thuringer follow . thuringer as you ask , the room below have be keep vacant . 100 int . stairway - day 100 the doorway close behind the two man . Frank try it ; it 's lock . they continue down the stair . 105 int . kitchen - day 105 Frank and thuringer walk into and along the edge of the busy kitchen . 109 int . offstage area - day 109 Frank walk ahead of thuringer . he look around and pause at the edge of the stage . then he step out on a stage . a piano tuner be at work in the corner . 110 int . on stage - day 110 franks Pov - as he look out at the mammoth room . Frank stand center stage and look around . the naked - ess of this spot get to he . he shake he head and look at thuringer . thuringer smile . frank what a silly job this be . 79 . 111 int . fontainebleau HOTEL - lower lobby - day 111 behind the glass door that lead to the pool , bright quartz light clock on . a camera crew stand wait . someone mime a " we be roll " sign with he hand . Inside Rachel wait with spector and BEN schiller , the tough , fat fellow who own the place . Frank be at she elbow . spector o.k. Rachel . it 's showtime ! they be roll . let 's go . frank be this really necessary ? spector yes . it be . rachel quit bitching , Farmer . this be the part you do get pay for . Rachel sweep out the door . the camera crew hurry to keep up with she . 112 ext . pool area - day 112 this place be crowded with hundred of guest bask on chaise lounge . a sea of sun - baked face virtually as far as the eye can see . the sight of the crowd and the presence of the news crew seem to push Rachel to a whole new adrenaline level . Rachel walk among they , move swiftly , evaluate the body display before she in word and expression , play to the camera . rachel oh my god. look what they be wear . mother , hide you eye ... head turn to look . rachel I could not wear that suit ... honey , you be naked ... of course , if I have a body like that ... there be a murmur of recognition from some of the guest . she pause to shake a hand , and now all the guest throughout the pool area be aware that Rachel marron be among they . people stand on chair , scramble for pen and paper , run 80 . to get a closer look . lounge collapse , drink glass be broken , flower tub be trample . a lot of push and shove start - too much for the video crew , who abandon the filming attempt . spector great , babe . they get what they need . let 's get back inside . Frank increase he pace to keep by Rachel 's side , gently ease a path for she . schiller scurries behind in Frank 's wake . Rachel turn suddenly as a tall good - look lifeguard appear in the throng . she eye he appreciatively . rachel ( to lifeguard ) you look like a man of good taste to I . come to my party tonight . ( to schiller ) Ben , make sure this boy get to my party . schiller nod . Rachel glance at Frank , make sure he get the point , and then she 's off again . the throng get tighter . Frank 's have to work harder , steering she towards the door back into the hotel . the familiar chant start up : " Rachel , Rachel . " it 's start to resemble the frenzy of the open scene . this time , amid the thrust hand and clamoring face , a few bewilder elderly guest look daze as they be shove forward . a child start cry , lose in the mess of leg and bermuda short . a distraught mother try to reach he . someone be jostle into the pool as the crowd surge again . amid the chaos , whistle and scattered applause . Rachel drink it all in . rachel ( over she shoulder ) thank you . thank you . come tonight and give till it hurt . with a final surge , Frank make it to the door with he party . the door close shut behind they . a mass of distort face push onto the glass . the party walk on briskly . rachel ( to spector ) I be beginning to wonder about you judgement , sy . why do I have to keep pay my due if I have already arrive ? 81 . spector ( very fast ) kick I , beat I ... whatever make you feel good . but let 's not pretend you do not like it . we be too close for that . whipping people into a frenzy be why you get into it in the first place . Rachel 's eye lock with spector 's -- there 's a real connec - tion and understanding here that she spend a lot of time deny . Frank see it as clearly as spector , whose tone become almost soothing -- spector and it 's nothing to be ashamed of , either , not for a second . it 's a gift ... and only a handful be give it . many call but few be answer . spector ( cont 'd ) do not fool with the bless , Rachel . the magic be sustained through its use . rachel now you be go to tell I about magic ? give it a rest will ya ... spector I be do . not another word ... ( a crooked smile ) ... I know you like to be remind sometimes . Rachel look away . it 's true . he 's good at he job . 113 int . grand central room - on stage - night 113 in the spotlight , all alone , Rachel marron work she magic . she sing , as it be mean to be sung , " I have nothing . " one person do not look at Rachel . he stand in a corner in front of the stage easily in the shadow . his eye continually scan . pick up every movement . all alone . watch . 113a ext . fontainebleau HOTEL - night 113a firework explode over the water . 82. 114 int . live room - night 114 in the live room , the first night party be in full swing . crowd . smoky . noisy . firework burst outside the window . people clap . a mix bag of upscale partygoer : woman in party dress , man in open shirt , etc . a black pianist be play . two bar at either end of the room . waiter work the room with platter of canape . 115 int . rachel be suite - outside master bedroom - night 115 tony sit in a chair watch tv , a drink in he hand , oblivious to all . the lifeguard shut Rachel 's door be - hind he and make he way down to the party . he pause at the head of the stair , check out the party , and grab a glass of champagne from a pass waiter . Frank catch the movement ; the two man briefly lock eye . the lifeguard respond with a know smile . 116 ext . hallway outside suite - night 116 thuringer have set up a checkpoint through which all guest be pass . as they get off the elevator , they walk up to a desk manned by one of thuringer 's uniform guard . when they name have be check off a master list , they walk past another guard wield a metal detector . no one like it , but they all do it . most of the local tv station have send camera crew . the handheld camera move among the guest , they bright light flaring . flashbulb pop . it 's a local media event . Frank squint as a quartz light shine straight in he face . a tall , fit , athletic -look man raise he arm ; be clear by the metal detector . he be greg portman . 117 int . live room - night 117 portman make he way through the crowd to the bar . his eye scan the suite . his gaze settles on Frank check out the people who filter in . portman appear next to Frank . portman hello , Farmer . 83. frank portman . portman buy you a drink ? frank Orange juice . it 's be awhile . you on the job ? portman ( nod ) technically I be off duty , but the Governor may show up here later , so I think I would give it a light check . ( smile ) someone else be cover he right now . frank how old be she ? portman maybe eighteen . you work ? Rachel make she entrance , and pose self - mock on the landing above the crowd , accept applause . she have succeed in under- dress everyone in the room . she be a star . Frank nod in she direction ... that 's he client . portman ( impressed ) no kid ? I would call that a step up from the President . probably sing better too . rachel thank you . thank you . you be so right . scatter laugh . rachel I want everyone to have a good time and drink as much of Ben schiller 's liquor as you like . Rachel descend into the crowd , laugh and blow kiss . portman handful . Frank 's look say if you only know the half of it . 84 . portman I hear you have to take someone out in New York . Frank remember . portman I lose track of you after the Reagan thing . frank yeah . portman it be not you fault , Farmer . you be not even there . a pause . portman I get a call a couple of month ago . that guy you be cover in New York . he say you would recommend I . frank surprise ? portman a little . frank ( smile ) I never doubted you skill . portman ( laugh , good - nature ) no . only my qualification for the priesthood . you be always clear about that . anyway , I appreciate it . I have to turn it down but I appreciate it . portman notice Rachel look at he , as she make she way to they . Rachel take Frank 's orange juice and sip . make a very funny face . rachel that 's orange juice ! Rachel give portman a approve once - over . rachel who be you ? 85 . portman greg portman . rachel I take it you have meet my bodyguard ? portman we use to work together . rachel ( suddenly more interested ) ah ... well , well , well . and what do you do now ? portman same thing as Farmer . rachel ( look between they ) two samurai , eh ? Frank and portman eye each other . rachel ( to portman ) be you work now ? portman not right now . rachel good. ( she take he arm ) ' cause I be the only one in the room who need protection . she give Frank a look and lead portman into the crowd . 118 ext . live room balcony - later 118 Rachel 's take a breather on the balcony , drink cham - pagne , talk to portman and another couple . everybody 's high and happy . conversation bubbles . franks Pov Rachel lean into portman ; head together , they whisper intimately . Rachel laugh , then for a brief moment , turn she head to look directly at Frank . her look be petulant , defiant . portman do not see this . 119 int . live room - night 119 86 . tony help himself to a handful of canape , he turn at the sound of a commotion out on the balcony . someone 's horsing around , spraying champagne from a bottle over everyone . a woman scream . Frank bolt for the balcony . 121 ext . on balcony - night 121 Rachel and portman be poise precariously halfway over the railing . Frank 's hand shoot out , grab Rachel 's wrist and tug at the pair of they . portman regains he balance first and pull Rachel back from the edge . frank what happen ! portman somebody trip . it 's okay . rachel ( look at portman ) thank God I have a bodyguard here . she grasp the railing and look over . rachel be Pov stare down twenty storey of distance between she and the pool area . Way , way below she , she champagne glass hit the tile with a muffled shatter sound . rachel it 's a long way down , Frank . ( to portman ) you save my life . Frank eye the newly - weld anchor fixture . it have hold . Rachel take portman by the arm . the front of she dress be stain with champagne . rachel maybe someone will keep a eye on I while I change . she lead portman past Frank and up the stair toward she bedroom . Frank and portman lock eye . portman shrug ; he feel badly for Frank . 122 int . live room - night 122 87 . Frank walk to the bar take a drink from he glass . he look in the mirror behind the bar and see Rachel and portman in the hall outside she bedroom . she turn she head to look directly at Frank 's reflect face . assure that Frank be watch , she take portman 's hand and lead he into she room . Frank set he glass down and the bartender refill it with orange juice . a stun woman in GREEN glide down the bar and stand very close to Frank . woman in GREEN I have be watch you all night from across the room . frank why do not you go back there and keep watch ? Frank look at Rachel 's doorway , sip he juice . 123 int . rachel's bedroom - night 123 Rachel and portman be kissing , with some heat . portman 's hand be start to explore she body . 124 int . live room - night 124 Frank still look at Rachel 's doorway , think . after a moment , he walk across the room to the slide door that lead to the balcony outside . 125 ext . balcony - night 125 Frank step outside . no one there . the moonlight be - flect off the ocean . the surf sound a steady beat . it be peaceful and quiet . a relief . on the katz 's balcony , forty foot away , little Mark katz be lean against the railing , stare at Rachel 's suite . Frank smile at he . frank ( softly ) go to sleep . Frank look out at the ocean . after a pause , in the background , Mark slip inside the katz suite . 126 int . rachel's bedroom - night 126 Rachel and portman be still lock in the clinch . realizing what she 's do , Rachel suddenly pull back , 88. catch herself . rachel I be not do this . portman ( still hold she ) I think you be . she step out of he embrace . rachel I say I be grateful . thank you and good night . she look to the door that lead back to the party . the sound of celebration continue outside . she start to cross to the door . rachel ( cool ) please go now . portman move toward she as she open the door , reach for she arm . then he see , through the doorway , tony stand in the hall talk to a woman . tony look up at the sound of the door and see they both . Rachel slip quickly out of portman 's grip . rachel Mr. portman be just leave we , tony . portman hesitates , then smile at Rachel and tony and , with a quick peck on Rachel 's cheek , slip past they back to the party . Rachel briefly scan the party crowd over tony 's shoulder but she do not see Frank . the door close , leave she alone in the room again . she reach for a bottle of scotch and raise it to she mouth , drink straight from the bottle . 127 ext . balcony - night 127 Frank look out at the ocean . echoing on the soundtrack , we hear the song ' what become of the broken hearted ' that Rachel and Frank dance to . it sound slow and sweet and a long way away . Frank stare out at the ocean . totally divorced from everything in the suite behind he , in the world around he . there be only the moon and the ocean . for this 89 . one moment , he guard be down . 127a int . presidential suite - live room - day 127a a chambermaid be hoover the floor . Rachel step out of she bedroom . she look terrible . hungover , she be wear sunglass and a loose smock . it be noon of the follow day . 130 int . presidential suite - kitchen - day 130 Frank be sit at the kitchen table eat a sandwich . behind he , in the dining room , a Cuban may have set a place with breakfast . she be pour orange juice as Rachel walk in . Rachel sit down at the table as though the walk in have be a terrible effort . she look at the breakfast with distaste and pick up the coffee . Frank continue to eat . Rachel look at he . rachel ( nasty ) what the hell be you look at ? ( pause ) you probably never have a heavy night in you whole , goddamn discipline life . Frank look at she , continue to eat . rachel you know , Farmer , you be a self - righteous son-of - a-bitch . Frank have to smile at this , which make Rachel even angrier . rachel do not laugh at I , goddamit ! and do not you dare judge I . frank give I a break , will ya ? I do not tell you to fuck everybody in the hotel ! 132 int . cleaning supply warehouse - day 132 special Agents Court and minella be watch the general manager of the supply house as he pries the top off a huge canister mark " industrial detergent . " the general manager lift the lid to reveal white powder . 90 . he talk animatedly and gesture around the warehouse . Court listen , nodd . minella spoon some of the powder into a plastic bag and seal it . over this we hear Court 's voice , filter as on a telephone line . court ( v.o . ) it match the trace in the glue , Frank . we be get to he . we be gonna nail this fucker . 133 int . fontainebleau - lobby - day 133 Frank be on the courtesy phone . frank yeah , well , do not take too long , Ray . court ( v.o. ) hey , Frank . it 's good money , be not it ? Frank hang up . 134 int . 20 th floor hallway - outside presidential suite - 134 day the elevator door open and Frank step out . he walk toward the entrance to the suite and be immediately alarmed by what he see : there be no uniform guard by the front door . he unlock the door and go inside . 135 int . presidential suite - entrance - day 135 Frank come in and look around quickly . franks Pov - live room look over live room , hallway , balcony . no one in sight . nothing disturb . devaney come out of Rachel 's bedroom , a panicked look on he face . back to scene they face each other across the gulf of the live room . frank where be she ? where 's tony ? 91 . devaney I do not know . I think you be with she . 138 int . suite - live room - day 138 Frank be at the telephone ; he punch out three number . frank ( into phone ) thuringer , this be Farmer . where 's you man on the door to the suite ? ( listen ) well get someone up here . Frank hang up the phone , look at devaney . frank he do not know . they look at each other , worried . Frank walk out onto the balcony , look round and down , come back in . he head for the front door . devaney where be you go ? 139 int . suite - entrance hall - day 139 Frank be almost at the door . we hear laughter . a key turn in the lock . Rachel and tony come through the door in high spirit , they arm full of shopping bag and package . Frank stop dead and watch . Rachel glance at he and go into the live room . tony look at he meaning - fully and follow . Frank reflect for a moment , then pull the front door close , oh so gently . 140 int . suite - live room - day 140 Rachel drop package around and go to the bar , pour herself a drink . tony take some package to Rachel 's bedroom . rachel hello , devaney . devaney Rachel , where the hell have you be ? 92 . rachel tony and I go over to bal harbour . do a little shopping . tony come back , a smile play across he lip . Frank watch near the entrance . devaney we be worried . ( look at Frank , talk to Rachel ) you know you be not suppose to do that . Frank and Rachel look at each other . rachel Farmer , you work here ! do you understand that ? you work for I . devaney Rachel . Frank turn and head for the door . devaney look at he anxiously . devaney Farmer , where be you go ? frank I be gonna check the route . as usual . he open the front door . a uniform guard be stand outside . Frank go out and close the door . rachel do fletcher call ? devaney , stare after Frank , shake he head " no . " 141 int . service elevator - day 141 Frank 's face show the tension and the anger . the ele - vator descend . 141a int . kitchen - day 141a Frank walk along the edge of the kitchen , look over the worker . a kitchen worker be in Frank 's path . he look up , see Frank 's face and scurries out of he way . 142 int . basement - service corridor - day 142 93. Frank walk along check the corridor . at each door - way , he stop , look inside . one room be dark . he flick on the light . near the door be a pile of wooden crate , place unnaturally out from the wall . Frank walk over and look inside . they be discard vegetable crate . Frank go back to the door and yell toward the kitchen . frank Gomez ! Louis Gomez ! he wait impatiently . no one come . two quick step and he be back at the crate , throw they violently into the corner where they clatter loudly to the floor . Frank walk on along the corridor . he stop , notice something around the side . he investigate . a enormous cuban be sit on some box in the shadow . he do not bat a eye when he see Frank . frank what be you do ? enormous cuban be none of you fuckin ' business . frank move it . the enormous Cuban get slowly up from the box . he tower over Frank . enormous cuban shove it up you ass , motherfucker . Frank have have enough for one afternoon . he hit the Cuban low and hard . the man crumple forward , hurt , but manage to enfold Frank in a awesome bear hug . his weight carry they backward in Frank 's direction . the Cuban continue move in that direction , but Frank be no longer in he grasp . instead , incredibly , Frank seem to have pass through the man 's body and flicked he into the corner of the stairwell . the Cuban hit the wall hard . jarred but not lose , he come up and out wield a long mop as if it be a baseball bat . Frank step in and under the man 's long arm and hit he four time around the chest and jaw . each of Frank 's hand land twice , they movement be barely visible . the solid thudding tell the story . Frank strike both 94 . the Cuban 's ear simultaneously with cup hand . the Cuban go down , stunne . Frank , he expression fierce , be upon he immediately . Frank 's arm entwine the Cuban 's and he begin to lift he roughly . at the end of the corridor , a woman scream . cleaning woman ( o.s. ) stop ! please . do not hurt he . please stop ! Frank look up . a hotel cleaning woman , carry she purse , be run towards they , tear already on she face . cleaning woman do not hurt my husband , mister . he not up to nothing . Frank let the Cuban down gently and stand up . dis - gust with himself . breathe hard , he lean back against the wall . the Cleaning woman fall to she knee and hug she husband protectively . frank I be sorry . Frank step away , rub a hand through he hair , try to collect himself . he 's stand amidst dumpster and discard food box . he look up and see a marquee . rachel marron . tonite . benefit concert . 8 p.m . 145a int . rachel's bedroom - night 145a Rachel be seat at she dress table apply she makeup for the evening 's performance . the telephone ring as she begin to work on she hair . rachel fletcher ? no response . rachel baby , be that you ? it 's mommy , honey . dan ( v.o. ) ( eerily distort ) guess again , whore ! fuck you and fuck Miami . I be come for you . I know where you be and I be come for you ... 95 . Rachel be paralyze by fear , unable to hang up the phone . 146 int . presidential suite - live room - night 146 Frank come in the front door . he 's have it . devaney , who have be sit alone in the live room , stub out a cigarette and stand to meet he . Frank do not pause . frank I be through . I will get you back to L.A. and that 's it . the guy with fletcher can cover you till you get a replacement . devaney she get another call , while you be downstairs and she answer it herself . it be he , Frank . same guy . frank ( move toward balcony ) I do not care . devaney Farmer , it really shook she up . she think it be go to be fletcher call she from l.a . I think she will be reasonable now . frank ( across he ) save it , devaney . the people who hire I do not have to be convinced to save they own life . Frank reach the slide door that lead to the balcony . frank call I when she 's ready to go down . devaney Farmer -- Frank go out on the balcony and slide the door close behind he . 147 ext . balcony - night 147 Frank look out at the ocean . the breeze wash over he face . a huge brightly - light yacht be sailing by , close to shore . Frank look at it reflectively . 96 . he sense another presence and look to he right . Rachel sit huddle in a balcony chair . the bright moon - light illuminate she as she look out to sea . she be wear one of she spectacular show gowns , she hair have be brush , and she stage makeup have be apply . but tonight it have not come together . it do not work . she hold a cigarette and the breeze keep it glow . this be the only time we have see she smoke . rachel Farmer ... nothing that 's happen between we matter ... I understand now ... you be go to have to believe I , because I be not go to beg . she take a long drag on she cigarette . rachel it be not what he say ... it be the way he say it ... he be so ... her voice crack . she stop and try to compose herself . rachel I need you ... I be afraid ... and I hate it . I hate my fear ... ( a beat ) please protect I ... protect fletcher ... if anything happen to he ... Frank look at she . tear be destroy she elaborate stage makeup . she wipe they away with she hand . frank I can not protect you like this . it 's impossible . the odd be on he side . rachel I will do whatever you say . this be the first time Frank have ever hear Rachel say that . he study she , then look out at the ocean . frank I want to take you away for a while . Rachel nod . frank somewhere people do not know about . she nod again , agree . 97 . frank no spector or devaney or tony . he look at she , read she face for any hesitation . there be none . frank if you cross I up this time , I will kill you myself . Rachel smile , weakly but with obvious relief . 148 ext . herb farmer' house ( bend , oregon ) - lake side - 148 day a large , old , two -story house sit at the top of a slight rise , surround on three side by thick , roll wood . slope gently down from the house to the lake fifty yard away be a broad expanse of lawn . snow lie on the ground and in the tree . at the edge of the lake , a dock and boathouse . a entrance road cut out of the tree . a little terrier skitter to the edge of the drive barking . a van emerge from the tree , tire crunching through the snow . Frank 's father , herb , step onto the front porch . he 's in he mid - 60' , lean , tan and fit . he 's wear a plaid shirt , jeans and cowboy boot . the van stop in front of the house . Frank step out from the driver 's seat and eye he dad . frank Lake 's a little low . herb fill up soon enough when she thaws . ( glance at the van ) they all in trouble ? frank just one . 149 int . live room - day 149 herb squat on the floor with fletcher . together , they be happily play around with the fluffy terrier . fletcher squeal with delight as the dog lick he face . Henry bring the remain luggage through . Rachel and Nicki stand with Frank near the archway . all eye be on 98 . fletcher , herb and the dog . Rachel eye the dog skeptically . rachel that 's go to protect we ? frank he 's a train noisemaker . rachel terrific . frank I do not like big dog . they do not know who they be eat . 150 int . kitchen - late afternoon 150 herb stand beside a butcher block , cut vegetable for the evening meal with a practice hand . Rachel watch , drink in hand , look around the kitchen . it have be neatly organize . herb Katherine have this place organize just the way she want it . ( see she question look ) Frank 's momma . there 's the cough and sputter of a outboard motor from outside . Rachel look from the kitchen window and see fletcher and Frank in the small skiff by the dock . fletcher tug again on the starter cord . at the third tug he tumble backwards onto the seat . rachel fletcher do not swim well . herb I guess he would better stay in the boat then . ( he smile put she at ease ) Frank tell I you be a singer . rachel that 's right . herb I be afraid we be a little out of touch here . I be sorry . Rachel wave this off . 99 . herb you must be very successful to need Frank . Rachel smile and look out of the window . rachel it 's so quiet here . herb Frank come back and stay six month after the Reagan thing . Rachel 's question look encourage herb . herb Frank be not there the day he be shot . he never get over that . ( a long pause ) we bury Katherine that day . Rachel look out again at Frank and fletcher in the boat . 151 ext . on lake - sunset 151 fletcher , Rachel and Frank be chugge across the golden water in the skiff . fletcher sit at the back , operate the outboard , control the movement of the boat . he wear a life vest . Rachel watch he proudly . fletcher lock the throttle into place and take he hand off it for a laugh moment with a " look , Mom , no hand " gesture . Rachel look to Frank and smile , the wind blow she hair . wide on lake - dusk camera be down at water level by the lake 's edge . in the distance , the small boat skim across the surface . a light mist be come up . 152 ext . boathouse - dusk 152 Henry help fletcher tie up the boat for the night . it be much foggier now and almost dark . frank I do not want anyone go out in it until you have check it over first . okay ? every time . Henry nod . 100 . henry every time . frank every time . in the distance , Rachel and fletcher have just reach the house where Nicki scoops up fletcher and spin he round and round in a circle . she hug he close and kiss he hair . after a few moment , fletcher squirm free and run to catch up with Rachel . 153 int . hallway - later 153 Rachel , munch on a raw carrot , browse a row of family photograph . the sound of dinner be prepare come from the kitchen . we see the history of the family in the picture ; Frank as a ten-year - old baseball player with a young herb ; herb as Police Chief of Bend , Oregon , be give a civic award ; Frank as a college football wide receiver ; herb and Katherine Farmer , all dress up and be introduce to Jimmy Carter by Frank ; the picture - perfect family home in Oregon with Katherine tend flower . Rachel notice a photo of a smile Henry kissinger , talk to some female reporter . there stand shoulder - to-shoulder with he , be Frank and portman . portman 's also smile at the woman , flirt . Frank be in a familiar pose , alert , unsmile , vigilant . Rachel look at the two of they for a second . Frank step from the kitchen with a orange juice and a drink for Rachel in he hand . he watch she for a moment as she study the photo . she turn and see he . they lock eye for several second . she smile as he hand she the drink . frank ( incline he head toward the photo ) portman sometimes have trouble remember what he job be . Supper 's ready . we can see from Rachel 's face that she feel embarrassed about she behavior in Miami . 154 int . dine room - later that night 154 the meal have be enthusiastically consume . fletcher 's manhandle a chicken leg , he face cover with crumb and dripping . Rachel shake she head , laugh . 101 . herb ... and I never hit he . ever . to this day . ( to Frank ) that 's true , be not it ? ( to Rachel ) that 's very unusual for my people . so what happen ? when he 's ten year old , he complain about it ? can you believe that ? frank oh , for chrissake ! I be go to tell she about the time you stripped in court . Frank get up smile and take some dish into the kitchen . herb ( to Frank ) I do not care . I be proud of that . ( to Rachel ) anyway , he 's ten year old and he 's just start play tackle football . he come to I and tell I he 's afraid of get hit , right ? and he think it 's because I never hit he . ' why do not you ever hit I ? ' he say to I ! 155 int . kitchen - night 155 Frank put down the dish in the darken kitchen . frank ( back over he shoulder ) if you be lucky , maybe he will tell you about my first jockstrap . as he speak , he peer out through the window at the lake . we hear herb 's voice continue from the other room . herb ( o.s. ) he get over it : turned into a helluva wide receiver . he could not stand be afraid . when he find something that scared he , he would just do it ' till the fear go away . 156 int . dine room - night 156 102 . herb his mother be the same way . Rachel smile at he , think , then look through at Frank in the kitchen , still peer out of the window . Nicki watch Rachel . 157 int . live room - later 157 herb delicately lift a chessboard from the top of a cabinet and walk it over to the table : a half - finish game . he lean over and blow on the piece -- send a small cloud of dust into the air . herb come on , son , you can run but you can not hide . herb pull up a chair and smile as Frank appear from the kitchen , a bowl of popcorn in he hand . Frank take a place across from he dad by the fire . the other gather round . herb you move . Frank study the board . Rachel lower she head into a cup hand , fascinate . rachel how long have this game be go on ? Frank pick up a knight , think , set it back down . frank Three year . Nicki take the bowl of popcorn and squat down with it beside fletcher . fletcher peer intently at the board as he chew on a handful . herb he have I on the run there that first year . Frank pick up he rook , scratch he forehead with it . he turn to fletcher . frank what do you think ? fletcher finish a mouthful of popcorn , wipe he mouth . fletcher knight to king -four . 103 . Frank , Herbert and Rachel turn in synch and stare at the boy . frank City kid . herb pat he leg , gesture to fletcher to take a place on he lap . herb come over here , fletcher , sit by I . fletcher go over and join he . rachel well , that 's it for I , I be go to bed . she rise . Frank follow she up the stair . Nicki watch they go . 158 int . upstair hall - night 158 Frank stop at the end of the hallway , check the lock on the window , the little terrier be at he heel . Rachel pause outside the door . Frank gesture for the dog to stay . the dog sit in the middle of the hallway look from one to the other . for a few second neither speak . Frank smile . frank good night , Rachel . Rachel accept this . she smile in return and touch he on the arm , very tenderly . rachel good night , Frank . Rachel turn , go to she room and close the door . 159 ext . farmer house - night 159 detail be barely distinguishable in the fog . we hear the gentle lapping of the lakewater against the dock . 160 int . live room - night 160 fletcher be asleep , snuggle on herb 's lap by the fire . herb be also asleep . Frank fetch a blanket and gently 104 . cover they both . he put out the light . 161 int . entrance hall - night 161 Frank step quietly into the hall . Nicki be stand in the shadow . she watch as Frank go through the ritual of lock the front door , several way . nicki ( softly ) you be very thorough . various shot - around interior Frank make a circuit through the room of the first floor , check window and door . Nicki tag along . nicki what 's happen between you and Rachel ? Frank glance at she . nicki come on . one minute she 's get magnetic hand , the next she hate you . I can not figure out what it be now . frank you follow all she move this closely ? nicki ( smile ) it 's a live . frank no , it be not . he move away into the next room . she hesitates a moment , then follow . nicki you think my life be pretty sickly , do not you ? frank no. nicki you must . I do . Frank step into a tight , dark , little window alcove , check the window . 105 . frank why do not you change it ? nicki be it that easy ? Frank turn from the window to find Nicki block he exit . she move close to he and kiss he , she hand on he shoulder . the kiss end and they look at each other . frank you be a lovely woman . nicki but you do not want I . Frank 's look affirm it . Nicki be embarrassed , angry . nicki I be surprised . thorough fellow like you . why stop at one sister when you can fuck they both ? frank I make my mistake . nicki but you do not say no to the boss . she start to turn away from he , but he hand be on she now , hold she close , refuse to let she turn away . they face be very close . it be tight and near here . frank ( with force ) no , do not go away , Nicki . do not leave I with that . tell I about it . tell I how long you have be second . tell I how she have a child and you do not . tell I something . but do not turn away and try to stick it on I . Nicki twist in he grip . he hold she tight . nicki I do not need this from you . frank maybe I need it . I be feed up with people tell I they have no control over they life . if you hate you life so much , turn it around . 106 . nicki it 's not so simple . frank yes it be . you can walk out that fuck door anytime you want . I will unlock it for you . Nicki look up into he face . tear start in she eye . nicki let I go . he release she , look at she . frank okay . it 's not my business . he move away , out of frame . we hold on Nicki , a long time . 162 ext . lake - day 162 Bright sun . Frank and he father walk along the lake shoreline , stooping here and there to finger animal print in the snow and mud . frank raccoon ... deer ...? herb nod . they attention be draw to soft sing up by the house . 162a ext . porch - day 162a Nicki absently sing a old gospel tune as she toss breakfast scrap to a group of hungry duck gather by the porch . 162b ext . lake - day 162b herb I have never hear church music in the middle of the week before . 162c ext . porch - day 162c Nicki 's soft voice be join by Rachel 's strong harmony , and the two man watch as Rachel come out to join she sister on the porch , startling Nicki . both sing for a moment , together . then Nicki stop , embarrassed . Rachel give she a hug . 107 . 162d ext . lake - day 162d herb and Frank be about to return to the house . they stop short . there , at they foot , be a line of human foot print , from heavy snow boot , lead away into the tree . Frank look at herb , suddenly alert . frank where 's fletcher ? Henry appear at the porch of the house , carry a fishing rod as he come out . at that instant , the sound of the outboard motor crackle through the air . Frank 's head snap toward the boathouse . Henry , in the distance , look quickly at the boathouse , then to Frank . henry ( shouting ) Frank ! I have not ... but Frank be already move , leaping from the porch and start to run flat out toward the boathouse and dock . Rachel turn to look . the skiff appear out of the boathouse , fletcher at the motor , the boat 's lone occupant . the boat move slowly away from the boathouse , parallel to the dock . Frank be run toward the water with everything he 's get , he face contort . the sound of the outboard drown out he voice as he yell . frank fletcher ! fletcher ! in boat fletcher , intent on he piloting , neither hear nor see Frank run down the lawn behind he . the boat be approach the end of the dock . dock Frank finally make it to the dock and continue to sprint after the boat . his weight rattles the board as he run . in boat fletcher pass the end of the dock and give the throttle a little twist . dock 108 . Frank reach the end of the dock at a full run and dive directly at the rear of the move boat . Frank 's body fly out over the boat . he knock fletcher out of he seat and into the water on the other side of the skiff . rachel ( scream ) no ! he can not swim ! in water Frank hold the terrify , shaking fletcher in he arm . fletcher begin to cry . Frank paddle with he toward the dock . the empty boat swerve , then continue out toward the center of the lake . dock Henry and Rachel be already at the end of the dock . Nicki and herb be run toward it . Rachel be livid , hysterical . Henry peer out at the boat , which continue to bounce innocently across the water , define a broad curve . rachel fletcher , baby . be you all right ? baby . fletcher , spluttering , be hand up to Rachel by Frank . Rachel hug fletcher to she . herb bend down to check he 's breathe properly , wrapping the boy in he jacket . herb he 's all right . Henry help Frank up out of the water . Frank sit on the end of the dock , breathe hard . rachel what be you do ? you out of you mind ? you be crazy ! ( to fletcher ) you be all right , baby . ( back to Frank ) you could have drown he ! Frank and Henry look out toward the boat which have come to a stop out in the middle of the lake . frank I be sorry . I get careless . Henry look at Frank . he feel terrible about not check the boat . henry Frank , I be sorry . I should have ... 109 . herb it 's okay , Henry . herb put he hand on fletcher 's head . herb you all right now , son ? fletcher nod , he cry end raggedly . Frank begin to stand up . henry how do we get the boat back ? out in the center of the lake , the boat blows up . every - one on the dock jump . Nicki scream . Frank sit down again . he shake he head . on a impulse , he stretch out he hand , palm downward . it 's tremble slightly . 162e int . bedroom - day 162e Rachel and Nicki hurriedly pack they bag . fletcher hover nearby . 162f ext . shed / garage - day 162f Frank slide out from under the van . the hood be up . Henry stand nearby . Frank go to the driver 's seat . frank ( to Henry ) back off . Henry move away from the van . Frank insert the key in the ignition . 162g ext . porch - day 162g herb come out of the house , fast . his eye scan the wood as he head towards the shed . herb Frank ! Henry turn and motion to herb to stay away . 162h int . van - day 162h 110 . Frank take a moment , then turn the key . nothing . the van be dead . 162-i ext . lawn - day 162 - I Henry and herb watch . Frank get out of the van . he walk to herb . herb someone 's cut the phone line . it could be anywhere between here and town . frank both the car be dead . and I can not see how it be do . Frank and herb exchange a look . frank who could know we be here ? this place have nothing to do with she . herb maybe it have to do with you . Frank look at he . herb we can not walk out of here at night with they . Frank shake he head . frank we will button down tonight and walk out at first light . 162j ext . farmer house - night 162j there be a light ground -mist . the moon shine down down brightly but the house be totally dark . 162k int . house - montage - night 162k the terrier dog listen in the upstairs hallway . herb watch from a upstairs window . Rachel lie in bed , clutching fletcher tightly . 164 int . live room - middle of night 164 Frank have be sit in a chair in the center of the live room for two hour . listen . now we listen 111 . with he . at first it seem silent , but slowly we become aware of a subtle symphony of sound . a old house sur - round by wood . there be lot of noise . but they be regular , innocent . Frank be aware of a new noise , a gentle sobbing come from nearby . he pick up he gun from the table beside he and go into the kitchen . 166 int . kitchen - night 166 Nicki be sit with she head in she hand at the kitchen table , sobbing . there 's a nearly empty bottle beside she . Frank be instantly on the alert but make no sign . nicki ( cry ) I be a idiot last night . there be a long pause . nicki what do you think about today ? frank ( gently ) I think this be no maniac . he know what he 's do . there be a long , long silence . Nicki continue cry . finally -- nicki you be right . he do . frank tell I about it . she do not reply . frank who be it , Nicki ? nicki he almost get fletcher today ... frank how do we stop he ? nicki ...my darling fletcher ... frank who be it ? nicki 112 . I do not know . I do not know . Frank go to she , treat she gently , like a doctor . frank you can call he off . nicki ( shaking she head ) he do not even know who hire he . he do not know who I be and I do not know who he be . frank how would you do it ? she seem on the edge of hysteria . Frank take she face in he hand , stroke she hair , bring she back from the brink . frank how ? nicki ... I go to a bar in East l.a . I ask around ... I talk to a man ... frank name ? nicki ( vague ) ... armando ... he arrange it . that 's all I know ... frank be it all pay for ? nicki ( nod ) ... and then some ... till it 's do . frank he keep go until he kill she ? Nicki nod again , lowering she face into she hand . frank what 's the name of the bar ? nicki I be not sure ... I be very stone . frank how ' bout the letter ? 113. nicki ( desperately ) no , no . you do not understand . the letter come first . I do not know who 's send they ... but they be read my mind ... that be my thought . I hate she . it make I think I could do it ... but I could never hurt fletcher . never. ( begging he ) you have get to stop it ! frank we will . you and I . tomorrow we be go back to l.a . we be go to find the bar , we be go to find armando . he start to rise . she stop he . nicki do not you even want to know why ? frank you tell I . she have everything . Frank stand up and begin to move across the room . Nicki put she face in she hand and be silent for one moment . suddenly , Frank freeze , listen . nicki what if we can not -- Frank motion she into silence . we strain to hear what Frank hear . silently , Frank go to the door , crouch ing . he listen . there again be a distant growl from the dog upstairs . Frank lift he gun from the table , turn to Nicki . frank stay here . do not move . Nicki 's face show true terror . Frank be out the door . 168 int . stair - night 168 Frank run up they fast . two at a time . 169 int . second floor hall - night 169 114 . Frank travel close to the wall , very quickly . he stop , listen . the terrier look at Frank but still growls . Frank throw open Rachel 's door . Rachel gasp in surprise and clutches at fletcher . Frank hear a noise behind he , whirl round he and drop to a knee , weapon ready to fire ! it 's herb , step out of he room , carry a police - issue pistol . herb it 's I ! Rachel 's voice come from she room . rachel ( o.s. ) what 's happen ? the terrier suddenly start bark loudly . 171 int . first floor hallway - Pov - moving shot - night 171 we be in someone 's Pov move along the hallway . Nicki step out of the kitchen a few foot ahead and look in terror toward the camera . nicki ( o.s. ) no , no ... stop ... I be the one who ... 172 int . second floor hallway - night 172 Frank and herb spin around . Rachel call from she room . rachel Frank ? 172a int . first floor hallway - night 172a a gunshot blast Nicki against the wall , she hand still delicately raise in a classic gesture of restraint . 172b int . second floor hallway - night 172b Frank 's head spin to Rachel 's doorway , then immediately back to herb . he start to move towards the stair , fast . frank ( to herb ) stay with Rachel ! Henry 's head appear round the doorway of herb 's room . 115 . 173 int . stair - night 173 Frank be rapidly down the stair , gun in hand . 173a int . first floor hallway - night 173a Frank find Nicki 's body slump against the wall . he check she . she 's dead . the door beyond be open . the wind blow in . outside it 's foggy . frank ( yell ) dad ? herb ( o.s. ) we be okay ! frank stay with Rachel ! the dog continue to bark upstairs . Frank see a slight movement outside and window to he right . a split-second moment of decision . he head off rapidly down the hall , away from the open door . 175 ext . farmer house - night 175 the fog be thick . Frank swiftly emerge from the back door and stop , dead still , listen . there be only the rustling of tree . 175a int . rachel's bedroom - night 175a herb be by Rachel 's bed . rachel what 's happen ? where 's Nicki ? herb be quiet ! 175b ext . farmer house - night 175b Frank listen . suddenly he hear running footstep , a body break through the bush . Frank head off towards the sound at a run . 176 ext . wood - night 176 intercut - frank and figure 116 . the move fitfully through the eerie , beautiful scene . in and out of the fog . stop , listen , wait , go . two wary , interchangeable animal . Frank disappear into the fog . when the figure reappear , Frank be move faster , close the gap . the figure , see in closeup for the first time , be wear - ing a dark - color ski mask . his breath billow out of the mouth hole , whiten in the cool March air . he hear Frank approaching and point he gun in the direction of the footstep . he do not fire . silence . Frank stop and rest on he haunch . listen , he hear the intruder move . the sound have stop up ahead . Close . the figure peer into the fog , gun up . he 's ready , confident . he wait . nothing . Frank , from he crouch , do something brand - new . he raise he gun into the fog in a two -hande grip , ready to fire . he hold it easily . and then he do something really strange : Frank close he eye . after a beat , we hear movement . Frank , eye still close , swing he gun 15 degree and fire two blast . the man jump away from a small tree that have splinter six inch from he shoulder . his eye be wild behind he ski mask . frightened , he suddenly crash away in the opposite direction . we follow . there be another shot from Frank very close to the man . 176a int . rachel's bedroom - night 176a herb be at the window . there be anguish on he face as he hear the shot . he want to go to he son 's aid but know he cannot leave Rachel . Rachel and fletcher be huddle in the bed , terrify . fletcher clutches at the dog , which be still barking . Henry stand by the bed , gun in hand . 176b ext . wood - night 176b Frank move quickly through the wood , pass the splinter tree . we stay with he and hear the engine of a car roar to life and tire peel out of the dirt . Frank break out of the wood in time to see the red light at the back of the car as it fishtail around a bend . he empties he gun at it . we hear glass shatter , but the car keep go . 176c int . phone booth - country road - early morning 176c 117 . snow be fall . in the b.g. we see the flash light of a police car . Frank be on the phone to minella . minella ( v.o. ) but , Frank , this do not make sense ... frank what do you mean ? minella ( v.o. ) we already get he . frank what ? where ? 179 int . f.b.i. headquarters ( los angele ) - early morning 179 minella be talk with Frank on the phone . he 's look into a observation room through a one - way window . minella here , last night . you should see he locker , Frank . the guy 's obsessed with Rachel marron ... frank you be sure it 's he ? minella forensics say it 's 100 percent positive i.d ... and he 's get a black Toyota 4 x 4 . Ray 's with he now . minella's Pov sitting in the observation room at a table talk to Ray Court be Dan . he look frighten and confuse . 179a int . phone booth - country road - early morning 179a frank well , whoever you get down there be not here last night . this be a professional ... minella ( v.o. ) this be crazy ... what do you want to do , Frank ? frank how long can you keep he ? 118. minella ( v.o. ) well technically all he 's do be write some letter . 48 hour maximum . you know the deal . 181 ext . marron mansion - driveway - day 181 Rachel 's black limousine move slowly up the wind drive , follow by a black mercede limousine . behind the car , the gate close on a large press contingent gather outside , hold back by a large number of police and security guard . a light drizzle be fall . the two car pull up to the entrance , Henry at the wheel of Rachel 's . Frank get out of the front and open the back door . devaney and spector help Rachel and fletcher out of the car . they be all dress in black . a few other mourner , include Emma , get out of the mercede . Rachel , red-ey and weary , take fletcher under she arm and go inside . she do not look at Frank . 182 int . family room - night 182 a hand take a pitcher of orange juice from the refriger - ator and pour some into a large glass . they uncap a bottle of vodka and pour a huge portion into the orange juice . 183 int . family room - night 183 it have grow very dark in the family room . Frank be sit all alone , perfectly still , in one of the over - stuff chair , the vodka bottle on a table next to he . he stare off into space . a small voice come out of the darkness . fletcher you okay , Frank ? Frank acknowledge fletcher 's small presence stand to the side of the big chair . he do not look at he directly . frank yeah , fletcher , I be okay . how ' bout you ? fletcher I could not sleep ... it be so scary , just think about it ... he look at Frank . 119 . fletcher do you feel scared , Frank ? frank yeah , fletcher , I do . Frank put he hand gently on fletcher 's head , but he do not look at he . frank everybody 's afraid of something , flethcer . that 's how we know we care about something , when we be afraid we will lose it . fletcher what be you afraid of ? frank I think you should try to go back to sleep now , pal . fletcher tell I , Frank , please . be it the man who kill Nicki ? be you afraid of he ? finally , Frank turn and look at fletcher . Frank be pretty far go . he shake he head " no . " he realize that that kind of fear have never occur to he , and recognize that fact set he back into he thought . fletcher then what ? what be you afraid of ? Frank do not have the will to resist anymore . he let he hand drop away from fletcher . frank I be afraid ... of not be there ... fletcher stare at he , uncomprehend . frank it 's late . do you want I to take you back to you room ? fletcher shake he head " no , " just barely . then he disappear . 185 int . hallway - night 185 Frank , silhouett , move toward the stairway to the main level . there be light up there . 120 . 186 int . stairway - night 186 Frank begin climb the stair . when he have go a quarter of the way up , Rachel appear at the top and begin walk down . at first she do not see Frank ; when she do she hesitates a moment , then continue down . they meet and try to sidestep each other , but twice they go in the same direction , unable to get around . Rachel , already emotionally ravage , crack . she begin slapping Frank hard about the face and torso . one of the first blow knock the glass from he hand ; it smashes loudly against the wall . he raise he arm in a half - heart attempt to protect himself from the onslaught . she cry as she hit he . rachel ( hysterical ) you , you , you ... you bring this pain into my house ... now you be here ! where be you then ? why do not you save she ? it be you job to protect I and she die do it ... it be I they be after . and you let they kill she ! ( she gasp for air ) she never do anything to anyone . as she lose the strength and the will to hit he , she blow become sloppy , weak . she sink to the step , sit on they , sobbing . rachel she never hurt anyone . she be good . ( she look at he ; entreat he ) you see she . she never wish anyone any harm . do she ? do she ? Frank look at she , shake he head " no . " Rachel put she head in she hand and be silent for a few moment ; she cry slow . rachel ( finally , quietly ) she never hurt a soul . ( long pause ) ... I do not love she well enough . I do not take care of she ... ( a beat ) ... she give I only love . 121. she sit quietly on the step in the gloom . Frank watch for a long moment , then softly continue on he way . 186a ext . pool area - marron estate - day 186a it 's bright sunshine . fletcher be splash noisily in the pool with a few other kid . his nanny wait patiently at the side , towel at the ready . at one side of the pool , Rachel sit , lose in think , mourn she sister . at the other side sit Frank , also thoughtful . he , too , be try to adjust to the tragedy for which he bear some of the responsibility . the shout and laughter of the kid continue . 187 ext . marron estate - ground - later that night 187 the guardhouse at the main gate be brilliantly illumi - nate in the distance . the guard patrol at he station . Inside , the t.v. screen flicker and glow . perched on the top of a slight hill , Frank sit alone and motionless under a big tree . he gaze down at the gate - house , he face light softly by the glow from its lamp . all around he the rest of the estate be quiet and tranquil in the moonlight . after a moment , another silhouett figure slowly ap - proaches and stand beside he . it 's Rachel . rachel I guess you have hear what 's happen . Frank nod . rachel mind if I sit down ? Frank shake he head . they sit side by side for awhile , both lose in think . Rachel seem very calm . rachel it be not over yet , be it ? Frank shake he head . frank he know he still have not get you . rachel so he will come again ? 122. frank it 's possible . rachel the oscar ? frank maybe . Rachel take this philosophically . she tug at the grass , think . rachel when I be back in squirrel Hill , I start betting my friend fifty buck each that someday I would win a oscar . you can understand how important it be that they see I up there if I win . she look at he and smile . rachel if everyone of that piker come through , it could add up to a lot of money . frank I think it 's very dangerous . rachel I know . but I can not stay up here on my hill forever . they be silent for awhile . Rachel lie back on the grass , stare at the sky . rachel I do not get to this place in my life by do the smart thing every time . ( as Frank nod ) how ' bout you , Frank Farmer ? out there on the edge ... do you ever do something that do not make too much sense , except maybe inside you ? in you stomach somewhere ? something that be not smart ? ( look at he ) I will bet you have plenty . I will bet you do . nobody get really good without it . and you be good . I know that . she sit up beside he . 123. rachel I do not know why all this have happen to I ... ( a beat ) ... but I do know that none of it 's you fault . I hope you can hear I , because this be how I say I be sorry . Frank accept . rachel ( relieved ) so ... I be go to go see if I win a oscar . and I will not worry about it at all . because I have get you to protect I . Frank almost smile . frank that 's right . he look at she a long time , then take she in he arm . he kiss she and lay she down . his body move over hers . like a bodyguard , protect she from the night . 188 ext . the pantage theatre - night 188 the chaos and razamatazz of oscar night . crowd , limo , camera , searchlight ... 189 int . rachel be limo - front of the pantage - night 189 the limo be wait in a line of limo to reach the red - carpete entrance to the pantage theatre . Frank and tony sit in front with Henry . in the back a spectacularly - gown Rachel sit flanke by devaney and spector , both of whom , like Frank , be wear tuxedo . up ahead , they can all see the hubbub at the entrance : tv camera , light , photographer , arrive guest , two bleacher full of fan . the glare from the arc light be almost blind . devaney we will go straight back to the Green room . right , Frank ? Frank nod . devaney get that , tony ? 124 . frank tony know what he 's do . tony look at Frank , surprised and not a little pleased with the unexpected support . rachel I wish you boy would relax a little . nothing bad 's gonna happen out there , alright ? ( the old Rachel ) unless I lose the fuck award . she look around at the man , all be tense . rachel Jesus , what a crew . Rachel lean forward and flip down the mirror on the panel in front of she and check she appearance . the limo move up . rachel screw it . I be through worry . when you number 's up , it 's up . right , Farmer ? the limo be almost at the red carpet . Frank slip out the front door of the move limo . 190 ext . limo - night 190 more quartz light click on . the tv camera all focus on the door of the limo as Frank step out of the way . franks Pov as he survey the busy scene . a microphon m.c. peer into Rachel 's limo and walk toward it . m.c. ... miss Rachel marron ! on tv camera monitor we see Rachel wave to the crowd . m.c. everyone wish you the best tonight , Rachel . Frank lead the small procession down the red carpet . fan reach out ask for he autograph . franks Pov 125 . as he glance dart around : high into the bleacher , ahead in the distance , to the door , to the side at photographer nodd to the mass security man with they walkie-talky . Rachel 's smile be convincing , lovely , professional . spector , devaney and tony look strain . as they enter , a wide shot from across the street show they limo pull ahead as the next car pull up . the camera track sideways to reveal the rear fender of a Toyota 4x4 park in the foreground . 191 int . GREEN room - night 191 it be large and have be fitte with a bar and buffet . formally - dress presenter and host mill about , laugh - ing and talk . many greet Rachel . a tv monitor hang from the ceiling in one corner . on it , the Academy Award continue . a elaborate dance number be just conclude . the audience applaud . beside the monitor , a large clock with a tick second hand . a harry associate producer skip thomas , come up to Rachel , settle in a armchair . tony stand nearby , Frank lean against a far wall . skip hello , Rachel . I need to get you straight on you responsibility . rachel sure , skip . skip take a typewritten sheet from a sheaf in he hand and give it to Rachel . he consult a clipboard as he speak . there , laid out minute by minute , be the order of the evening 's event . each one have a precise time print beside it , include that that involve Rachel . skip now , it 's best sound , then another song , then you . at precisely ( look at he clipboard ) -- 8:07 , you will be present with clive healy . that be you line . the prompter 's straight ahead and -- we pray -- work perfectly . Rachel nod . rachel 126 . Fine , you will be a big shot someday , skip . skip smile and walk off , glance up at the clock . 7:43 . clive healy , a slim british actor appear , bow and kiss Rachel 's hand . clive I understand it 's my great honor to escort you onstage . rachel that 's right , clive . and I do not like it one bit that you look skinnier than I . tv monitor - the show be progress , flash out across the world . patricia ... and the award for best Achievement in sound go to Kay colvin and mychal Smith for hot and cold . applause . kay thank you so much . I want to thank we producer , Karen Golden and Ed gorsuch , as well we sound crew -- Richard goodman and Blair forward . I be too excited -- but they be the real winner tonight . thank you ! michael this be wonderful . this be like , the happiest moment of my life . I would like to thank we wonderful sound crew for all the evening and weekend they sacrifice , the incredible wizard down at distant Thunder sound studios , Roger and greg for hire we and my family for be so patient . we do it ! thank you ! time jump : 192 int . GREEN room - night 192 the celebrity in the Green room drink , eat and talk . Rachel be deep in a giggle , girlish conversation with another actress . skip Thomas approach Rachel again . skip 127 . Rachel . one more song , then you . Rachel nod , go back to she conversation . Frank step up to tony . frank I be go to have a look around . I will come back for she . stay alert . tony nod , watch Frank go . 193 int . backstage area - night 193 Frank move down the hall from the Green room toward the stage . stagehands , technician , performer speak in hushed tone . tv monitor be mount throughout the area . on screen a distinguished - look actor name reardon be serve as temporary master of ceremony . Frank walk along , check the route , look up into the fly . he round a corner and be face to face with portman . frank portman . what be you do here ? portman I be on the job . frank who ? portman him. portman point at a nearby tv monitor . on screen , reardon be introduce the next song . reardon ( v.o. ) ( on tv screen ) my mother have always think I be the star of every movie I have be in . you remember ' night of the Stranger ' ? applause . reardon ( v.o. ) you probably do not remember I in that . my mother can tell you about it . to this day , she think it 's about a desk clerk at the hotel where what 's - he - name be hide out from the cop . 128. laughter . reardon ( v.o. ) now it 's time to hear the final nominate song , from the film ' Queen of the night ' -- 'I have nothing . ' and here to sing it for we , the multi-talented miss Sandra Castle ! portman ( o.s. ) ( during the above ) short -term gig ... but quite profitable ... listen , Frank , I be sorry about Miami . you know , nothing really happen ... I feel bad for you ... I want to say something , but you disappear ... ( note : " I have nothing " fanfare . dancer onto stage . first section of song , commence with shorten chorus then first verse ( total 1 Minute ) reardon walk off the stage ten foot from where Frank and portman be stand , glance at they and move off down the hall . portman back to work . I will probably see you at the Governor 's Ball . portman walk off after reardon . Frank watch he , thoughtful . on tv monitor - Sandra Castle sing " I have nothing " with great feel . the lyric recall the text of the death threat . franks face suddenly wary . no rational cause . something in the air . the clock - 7:58 194 int . GREEN room - night 194 Rachel 's face as she watch Sandra Castle on the monitor . she be at a makeup table . music be loud . the celebrity in the Green room be impressed with Sandra 's performance . there be spontaneous applause . Rachel turn to the room . rachel I want that broad run out of town . 129 . 195 int . backstage - night 195 Frank call tony on he surv -kit . frank tony , you there ? tony ( o.s. ) yeah , Frank . frank tony , I have get a feel this be the night . I think he 's gonna go for she in front of all the camera . the kind of thing only a lunatic would do . that 's how he want it to look . except he be not a lunatic . he 's very clever . I need you to help I . tony ( o.s. ) I be with you , Frank . there 's no more competition between they . Three sound technician appear at Frank 's side , very agitate . technician ( to Frank ) you can not use that thing back here . the breakthrough 's kill we radio mike ... we will have to disconnect you . reluctantly , Frank disconnect he earpiece . 195a int . GREEN room - night 195a tony fiddle with he earpiece . tony Frank ?... Frank ? technician approach tony , too . 195b montage 195b Big finish of song and dance number ( total 40 second ) . applause and dancer off . 130 . 196 int . GREEN room - night 196 Frank walk past tony . tony hold up the earpiece in frustration . Frank nod . he walk over to Rachel . he seem tense and she sense it . and like a tangible thing , he anxiety be pass over to she . she be frighten . rachel ( spook ) what 's wrong ? skip Thomas appear at she side . skip Rachel ... clive . let 's go , okay ? clive healy come over . Rachel must tear she eye away from Frank . tony float up behind they . skip regards he with irritation and turn to Frank . skip ( indicate tony ) really . must we have everyone ? we have we own man at the door . frank tony stay . skip look at Rachel for a response . rachel yes ! I want he . skip shrug . clive take Rachel 's arm . clive come , Rachel , let we brighten the firmament . Rachel force a smile , but she eye follow Frank as he start to lead the way out of the Green room . on a impulse , she reach for something from the makeup table and press it into she hand . it 's the Russian Orthodox cross . she clutches it like a talisman and follow Frank . tony bring up the rear . 197 int . backstage area - night 197 the group move down the hall from the Green room , past the stage right wing . behind the scenery to the back of the stage . franks Pov - stagehand 131 . in blue , celebrity guest , technician . his eye examine each curtain , corner and recess . he look above he . closeup on rachel's face as she look around nervously . her body be tense on clive 's arm . clive pat she arm soothingly . clive try to relax , Rachel . I know you must be very excited . skip lead they to a set of temporary stair behind the scenery ; they lead to the center of the top tier . production aide with clipboard and headphone wait up there . the clock - 8:05 skip ( point ) Rachel , you will go in there and clive , you over there . you will meet on the landing . they both nod , but Rachel be distract , tense . skip watch you step go down . someone spill some water . clive and Rachel climb the stair . Rachel turn once more to look anxiously at Frank . she clutches the cross but he do not see . Frank watch they ascend . he signal tony to stay there until Rachel go on . Frank move off toward the stage leave wing . on tv monitor - we see reardon , act as master of ceremony , do the introduction . reardon ( v.o. ) ( on screen ) I use to have a outfit just like that ... and to present the best song award we have we debonair friend from England and the lady who have everything -- clive healy and Rachel marron ! a red camera light click on . music up , applause , as we see clive and Rachel make they entrance on the tv monitor . 132 . 198 int . stage left - night 198 Frank swiftly adjust he position so he can still see the stage . as he do , he glance under the scaffold that support the set . 199 int . on stage - night 199 Rachel and clive reach the podium . clive be all smile . Rachel be try , but be obviously distract . from behind they as the applause die away , we see what they see : tv camera , a orchestra in the pit , the huge audience , and the bright glare of the light . at the front of the podium be the transparent plastic of the teleprompter ; they line can be clearly see , print out and move vertically . clive ( read from the prompter ) well , Rachel , I know that you only come tonight to present this award and you will want to leave as soon as we be do . Rachel 's line appear on the prompter , but she do not start read they immediately . they stop move on the screen . Rachel 's face , she eye darting about . there be a awful silence . rachel be Pov - bright red light on the nearest tv camera . the teleprompter , now show clive 's line . the light . a man in the first row of the audience . close on her hand as they squeeze the cross . clive ( o.s. ) over the course of the evening we have hear five smash song and the name of the artist who create they . 200 int . stage left - night 200 Frank , watch Rachel , hear the barely audible clicking start from the tiny receiver on he belt . he 's puzzle . his eye dart to Rachel 's hand and he see the cross . he know what she 's go through . her hand be shaking 133. badly . 201 int . on stage - night 201 she sway . clive support she as discreetly as he can , smile out at the audience . from behind clive and Rachel , we watch as clive pick up Rachel 's line from the prompter , ad libbing to make they fit . clive and I know that no matter what anyone think , you have no personal favorite . thin laughter . the audience be start to sense that something be wrong with Rachel . clive the best song nominee be : " clock on the Wall " from ' the dining room table ' -- by dana S. Lee and Sara spring . ' give I you trust ' from ' out of the gloom ' -- by David Siegel and Barbara G. Gordon . " I have nothing " from ' Queen of the night ' -- by Nancy garbor . " maybe soon " from ' maybe soon ' -- Anne trop and Ben Glass . and " reflection of my heart " from ' hot and cold ' -- by Leslie moraes . quick CUT to : rachel's Pov a usher near the wall shift he weight . the orchestra conductor turn to look at she . a musician turn he sheet music . the dark at the back of the balcony . the teleprompter . close on frank as he alone hear the clicking -- monitor she distress and fear . on stage rachel ( blurt she prompter line ) all right , clive , let 's find out -- 134 . the teleprompter operator have be throw off and now take a moment to get it move again . rachel ( read ) -- let 's find out who the winner be . clive the envelope . Rachel , shall I do the honors ? intercut -- rachel be Pov - clive's hand work at the envelope , tear , freeing the flap . his finger work to pull out the content . rachel's face watch . the clicking be almost deafen -- like a heartbeat . the clock the second hand tick in enormous closeup . it 's 8:07 . 202 insert - ( bleached out ) enormous closeup - man' finger 202 on a trigger . 203 insert - ( bleached out ) enormous closeup - a bullet 203 drift lazily towards we out of the muzzle of a gun in ultra slow motion . 204 insert - ( bleached out ) - hand 204 bring out one of the paste - up death threat with the familiar open line -- ' marron bitch -- you have everything . I have nothing . ' close as clive pull the card out of the envelope . it read : " I have nothing " Music by Rachel gasp , stifles a scream . clive and the winner be " I have nothing " 135 . from ' Queen of the night ' music and lyric by Nancy garbor . Rachel lose control , back away from the podium and run off stage right . the audience applaud the winner . nancy garbor this be so exciting . I can not begin to describe what it feel like to stand here -- with this ! applause . nancy garbor first , I want to thank Rachel marron . without she support , encouragement and determination to help get a unknown songwriter hear , I would not be stand here . a lot of people talk about how they be go to help other once they make it themselves , but Rachel really follow through . I would also like to thank helen pollak , a wonderful producer , who never get feed up with I . 205 int . off stage left - night 205 Frank see Rachel run off the opposite side of the stage and head over there , around the back of the scenery . 206 int . on stage - night 206 clive , the professional , stand hold the envelope . he glance off after Rachel , mystify . 207 int . stage right wing - night 207 a cluster of people surround Rachel , comforting she . Frank come up . he do not try to force he way through to Rachel . people begin to move away , the cluster thin . two star move off toward the back of the stage . STAR # 1 I always say she be nut . I have always say that . clive healy come up . clive be she all right ? he be assure that she be . clive go out to he seat 136 . in the audience . as the people move off , Rachel become clearly visible to Frank . tony be stand next to she , but another man have he arm around Rachel , comforting she . Rachel 's face be tear-stain and she dab at it with a handkerchief . she be recover fast . past she fear , she be now very embarrassed . her voice be strong . rachel Christ , what a idiot I be . Jesus . what the hell 's the matter with I ? Frank move up closer , and exchange look with tony , who be confuse by Rachel 's behavior . Rachel turn toward Frank and , in so do , bring the man comforting she around to face Frank . it be reardon . rachel Farmer , you have make I a rave lunatic . Frank barely hear Rachel , so strike be he by reardon 's presence . Frank look around they quickly for portman . Rachel look at Frank with irritation and turn back toward the Green room . a production aide signal reardon . reardon ( to Rachel ) I have to go back out . be you okay ? rachel thank you for you help , John . I be fine . Rachel walk off toward the Green room with tony . reardon start to walk out toward the stage . Frank stop he . reardon be irritate . frank where 's portman ? reardon who ? frank portman . reardon ( break away ) never hear of he . reardon walk out on stage . Frank be leave stand alone . all the weariness come back , all he sense start to hum . Frank look around , then move off toward the Green room . 137 . 208 int . GREEN room - night 208 Rachel sit at a makeup table . skip Thomas approach , clipboard in hand . skip Rachel , I be sorry , but if you be go to be in you seat for the best actress award , you have get to do it now . rachel skip , I be move as fast as I can . for chrissake , go twitch somewhere else . skip back off . spector and Frank join the group . spector honey , everything 's fine . no one notice anything . everybody in this building be ready to jump out of they skin from nerve . rachel bullshit , you see I . Farmer 's make I a rave lunatic -- frank something 's go on you should know about -- spector you be make she crazy . you be make we all crazy . frank Rachel , I know who it be . he 's here tonight . I think he 's ... rachel shut up ... this be the last straw . she throw down the powder and stand up fast , makeup and purse fly . the powder com - pact burst over the cross lie on the table . everyone in the Green room look at she . rachel ( hiss at he ) shut up , you maniac ! you never stop . now you have make a ass of I in front of a billion people . and you will not quit . they stare at each other and everyone else stare at they . 138. Rachel walk swiftly out the door of the Green room . Frank sit for a moment , then stand up . the bodyguard follow he charge to the door . he whisper hurriedly at tony as they leave . frank tony , it 's portman . remember ? the guy from Miami ... spector grab tony 's sleeve , pull he back . spector after tonight , you be back in charge . tony what ? spector he know nothing about show business . tony square off with spector . tony you be a asshole . 209 int . onstage - night 209 reardon be just introduce tom winston , the actor who will announce the best actress award . best actress intro ( total 1 minute ) ( reardon back on stage to applause , reardon link material ( maybe gag . ) reardon intros Winston . play on Winston to applause . ) 210 int . MAIN auditorium - aisle 210 reardon present the best actress award , we have the man who last year receive the top honor a actor can achieve for he performance in " South of waco " . lady and gentleman , Tom Winston ! applause Frank watch , he eye scan , search the vast theatre , squinting as he try to see beyond the glare of the klieg light and the camera . winston thank you , John , thank you , Academy . 139 . it bring back some great memory to be stand here again . last year I figure something out . while it be a great honor to be nominate , actually win cap the evening very pleasantly . laughter winston on stage , speak and then list the nominee . franks Pov - rachel , devaney and spector in they seat , up the aisle toward the back of the theatre , high into the gloom of the balcony . angle on stage winston tonight we give this award not to the best actress , but to the best performance by one of five exquisitely talented artist ... franks face - search . tv camera - focus on the audience . its red light go on . on screen Rachel 's face , expectant , nervous on the screen . franks Pov - the path Rachel would have to take to the stage , the step to the stage , the face of the usher near the stage , the conductor , ready to play theme music . winston ( o.s. ) ... and the nominee for best performance by a actress in a lead role be -- constance Simpson for hot and cold ... back to scene applause . Frank slip through the curtain doorway that lead to the backstage . winston ( o.s. ) ... ellen pearson for maybe soon ... more applause . 140 . 211 int . backstage - stage right wing - night 211 Frank come up swiftly . he stop behind a curtain , six foot from the path the winner will take . tony be there . Frank speak to he and , as he do , he put a hand on tony 's arm . they both look across the stage , past Winston into the wing on the other side . franks Pov in the wing of the opposite side of the stage , half hide by a curtain , a tv cameraman be hoist he lightweight portable camera onto he shoulder . his back be to we . winston ( o.s. ) ... Rachel marron for Queen of the night ... applause . angle on frank frank tony , I want you on the other side ... and check out that guy . he 's not suppose to be there ... tony trot off quickly . franks Pov the cameraman half - turn toward we , peer past the curtain into the audience . for a split second , we glimpse he face . it 's portman . then someone cross quickly in front of he and he 's go . winston ( o.s. ) l.c. Dean for I dream of peace ...and Evelyn gardner for the harper plan ... applause . backstage Frank draw he gun . he glance quickly to tony , but tony 's already on he way , trot round the labyrinth behind the set . Frank automatically raise he sleeve to call to tony , then realize he communication be useless . he try to see where portman have disappear to , but he dare not lose sight of Rachel . onstage - winston 141 . with envelope . winston and the winner be ... Rachel marron for Queen of the night . flash CUT to : franks face grim . he look past the curtain to Rachel . franks Pov - auditorium deafen applause in the main auditorium . a stunne Rachel stand . devaney and spector kiss she . people nearby reach out to touch she . Rachel walk along she row . the orchestra play " I have nothing . " 212 int . backstage - opposite wing - night 212 a mass of drape and flat . behind they , the cameraman be fix something to the side of he camera . his back be to we . tony come up briskly behind he , unable to see he face . tony hey ! you ! what the fuck you think you be doin ' back here ... with amazing speed , the cameraman - portman - wheel around , simultaneously jabbing two outstretch finger from he free hand straight into tony 's eye . tony cry out , he hand fly to he face . portman 's hand move swiftly again , jabbing to a nerve behind tony 's ear , tony drop like a sack . glancing rapidly around , portman see all other eye on the auditorium . he pull the curtain around tony 's body - obscure it . he then remove he own " security " id and fix a laminate " PRESS " id to he lapel . 213 int . backstage - stage right wing - night 213 Frank gesture animatedly to the head of security and several guard . the music and the applause drow out he word and we do not hear they . the guard rush off backstage and into the auditorium . 214 int . MAIN auditorium - night 214 142. Rachel walk along she row . hand reach out to she . some people stand in they seat around she . a crane - mount tv camera swoops down between Frank and he view of Rachel , obscure she for a brief instant . close on franks face desperately scan , seek . suddenly he face freeze . franks Pov as Rachel reach the center aisle and start to walk toward the step , there in the far aisle , he face almost hide , be portman -- the camera , hand -held on he shoulder , move level with Rachel , 20 foot behind she . Frank raise he gun . aisle Rachel walk down the aisle toward the side step . tear in she eye . thunderous applause . Security guard in the side aisle look around in all direction . they can not see anything . franks Pov tight on portman , now almost completely obscure behind the member of the audience , as more and more of they stand to applaud Rachel . portman' Pov along the side of the camera . Rachel keep appear and disappear behind the head of the audience . frank in the wing desperate to get a clear shot at portman but unable to fire without hit a bystander . from stage right wing - franks Pov of rachel as she approach the podium , steadily , control herself as she mount the step . the outline of she body become difficult to see against the glare of the foot - light and the light at the side of the auditorium . franks face his eye squint against the dazzle . on stage - podium Rachel approach Winston . the applause and music be 143. deafen . franks face he can not see portman past the glare . he can not fire into the audience . he know Rachel be now at she most vulner - able . there be only one thing he can do to protect he charge . backstage wing Frank run on stage at terrific speed and leap through the air at Rachel , twist he body as he do . on stage - podium Rachel turn she head , see Frank leaping at she and gasp out with a mixture of fury and terror . rachel no! close on portman the silence pistol tape to the side of the camera fire . once . twice . on stage Frank and Rachel tumble over on the floor . the podium topple . there be scream from the audience . auditorium pandemonium break out . Men run on stage from all direction . gun be draw . everyone be shouting . tv camera whip - pan in all direction , security man shout into walkie-talky . quick CUT to : 215 int . mobile tv control van - night 215 Chaos on all screen . tv director what the fuck ? other voice ( o.s. ) go to commercial ... 216 int . MAIN auditorium - night 216 close on portman 144 . totally calm and , as he gamble , invisible in the commo - tion . camera still on he shoulder , he slowly back away from the scene . usher and uniform security man rush past he towards the stage . people leap from they seat . a woman scream piercingly behind he . portman do not blink . 217 int . stage - night 217 dozen more helper pour onto the stage around Frank and Rachel . Rachel start to rise on all four and see , as hand reach out to help she , the blood on Frank 's shirt . he have take the hit for she . but he 's still on the job , gaze alert . without take he eye from the audi - torium , he leave arm stretch out , with some pain , to push Rachel back down . the right arm , gun in hand , sweep the auditorium . where be portman ? Frank can not see past the mob . usher fall on Frank in a heap , try to disarm he . Security man try to pull they off . Rachel shout , try to make herself hear above the noise . rachel he 's my bodyguard . get off he ! he 's o.k ... franks Pov - series of shot a series of swift low angle shot through leg and face . one brief glimpse that could be portman . a cameraman turn . it 's not . Frank be desperate , push away a help arm . the chaos mount . siren wail outside . 218 int . MAIN auditorium - night 218 close on portman he turn away from the stage as four cop pound past he . he walk away . suddenly , for one brief second , he face lose its composure as he look to the side door . portman' Pov hysterical audience member jostle for the exit , scream and shouting . it 's like a football scrum . cop and secur - ity man push and pull . his escape route be block . close on franks face - he eye briefly glimpse through blurred , frenzied , f.g. still seek he target , bite he lip in pain . portman 145 . cool again , he turn back to the stage , seek a alternative escape route , camera still provide cover . 219 int . on stage - wing - night 219 a lumber figure , blood stream from one eye , he .38 draw and outstretch . it 's tony staggering to the edge of the stage , straight towards he attacker . tony ( bellow ) Frank ! Frank ! over here ! on stage Frank and Rachel 's head swivel in unison at the sound , look towards the far aisle . portman against the side wall at the front , portman 's eye desperately scan for the source of the voice . he see tony , he pistol take aim . franks Pov for a split second , two run figure f.g. pass and cross leave a momentary clear line to portman . on stage Frank fire . once . twice . portman Frank 's bullet hit home . the first slam portman in the chest , knock he against the wall . the second hit the camera on he shoulder , exploding it around he face . female academy member blood spatter she white armani dress and the shirt - front of she escort . portman 's body slump forward in she lap , pin she back in she seat . he 's dead . his pistol drop onto a pair of shiny , black leather pump . on stage Frank hold he aim steady , reluctant to look away . he half turn to Rachel , wince with the effort . she 's unhurt . he have fulfil he promise to she . Rachel throw she arm around Frank and hug he , tear stream down she cheek . 146 . Frank Farmer 's face . sad and weary . his guard be finally down . nothing more can happen . he slowly lower the gun , close he eye and let he head fall onto he chest . angle on spector in the midst of the commotion of medic , security man , police and usher , spector bend down and gently retrieve the gold envelope and the card bear Rachel 's name . there be splatter of blood on it . he try to wipe they off with the silk handkerchief from he breast pocket . 220 ext . the pantage theatre - night 220 a chaos of press and public , ambulance and police light flash , siren wailing . angle on part of crowd Police and paramedics surround a man on a stretcher -- it be Frank -- Rachel walk at he side , clutching he hand as he be rush to a ambulance . tony , a dress over he eye , be also help out by paramedics . among the gather crowd , we focus in on one face . it be Dan , push back to the sideline and unable to see what be happen . he slowly turn and walk away . camera crane to a high wide shot of the scene . 221 ext . airplane tarmac - day 221 a buff - out charter turboprop stand on the tarmac as the last piece of equipment of Rachel 's band be load aboard from a truck . a limousine pull up and Rachel get out with tony and Court , who be clearly act as she bodyguard . she greet some member of the band and other who will be part of she entourage . a roadie have she luggage remove from the limo and load aboard the plane . devaney be try to hurry she on board . spector be conspicuous by he absence . as Rachel and the other prepare to get onto the plane , tony , wear a dark leather eyepatch , react to something o.s. Frank approach from the nearby parking area . he be pale . under he clothes it can be see that he torso be still tape . he smile as tony . they handshake become a quick abrazo . frank ( indicate eyepatch ) how 's it go ? 147 . tony under control . but it will not be the same ... ya mutt . tony fake a glance blow to Frank 's chin . over by the plane , fletcher spot Frank and tug at Rachel 's dress , till she turn to look . fletcher run up to Frank and hug he around the knee . Rachel approach and tony move back toward the plane . devaney wave in Frank 's direction , tapping he watch to indicate they be late . Frank wave and smile . Rachel 's surprised to see Frank , but clearly happy . fletcher be ecstatic . rachel you should not be here . Frank laugh . there be a pause . rachel so , you be quit show business ? frank yeah . rachel too bad . you have talent . what be you go to do ? frank I think I might hole up with my dad . ( pat bandage torso ) finish that chess game . Rachel nod approvingly . rachel get he when fletcher 's not around . frank ( ruffling fletcher 's hair ) that 's the idea . fletcher grin . Rachel start to cry . frank so , how 's the new guy ? rachel he 's get white hair , Frank . 148. frank he 's very good . rachel why would you have to get I a old man ? frank I do not trust you . rachel yeah ... well , give I a kiss and let 's get this over with . Frank give she a awkward hug . they kiss . frank ' bye Rachel . Rachel turn quickly . she almost run up the board ladder . Frank remain watch she . fletcher look back over he shoulder as they disappear into the plane . 222 int . plane - day 222 Rachel take a seat beside fletcher . devaney lean over the aisle . devaney that be not so bad . ( he see she tear ) you okay ? Rachel be in she own world . devaney pass the word to get move . the engine warm up . Rachel turn and see Frank still stand there look at she . 223 int . cockpit - day 223 the pilot 's hand push forward on the throttle . 224 ext . plane - day 224 the nosewheel start to taxi . the plane move forward . 225 int . plane - day 225 Rachel 's face at the window . rachel wait ... 226 ext . tarmac - day 226 149 . the step start to fold down out of the plane , but not fast enough for Rachel . she jump the last six foot , staggering slightly as the plane 's jet wash hit she , whipping she clothes and hair . without pause , she run to Frank who take she in he arm . they embrace and kiss . they kiss again and again . finally , slowly , Rachel draw back , she eye be fill with tear . rachel remember when you say you would risk you life for I ? Frank try to break in , but she will not let he interrupt . rachel I do not really believe it then . nobody mean what they say . but you do , Frank . you do it . you laid it all on the line for I . Frank try to speak , she put she hand to he lip . rachel do not wreck this for I . I do not want to hear any bullshit about you just do you job . you do more than save my life , Frank . you show I a way to be . and I love you for it . ( a beat ) there , I say it . ( look at he ) I will never forget what it feel like to be under you eye . never. frank ( smile ) I will not be forget you either . she press something into Frank 's hand . rachel here ... I want you to keep this . if you ever need I , you just put this on and no matter where you be I will find you . I promise . she give he a quick kiss and walk back toward the plane , she eye hold Frank 's . Frank open he palm to reveal the little enamel cross . on frank as the engine roar and the plane turn to taxi out . 150 . the roar of the plane become applause . 227 ext . concert - night 227 Rachel 's face in full frame , bath in light and the applause of a huge audience . rachel thank you ... thank you ... now I want to sing you a old song , but it 's a new favorite . as the music begin , Rachel stand alone in front of the band , mike in hand . rachel you know , this song use to make I feel sad ... but it do not anymore . Rachel pause . the audience be still . rachel now it just remind I of someone very special ... this be for he . Rachel begin to sing the song ' what become of the broken hearted ' - slow and sweet . it 's the song she and Frank dance to . as a verse trail off -- 228 int . clermont HOTEL ( iowa CITY ) - night 228 it be a rotary dinner . the camera track along the front of the head table which run from one side of the room to the other . rotary president ( o.s. ) we speaker this evening , the honorable congressman from the fifth district , Galen Windsor , have be a lone , courageous , voice ... he alone have challenge that who have link organize crime with legitimate business throughout we state . still tracking , we see the rotary President as he nod to a distinguished - look gentleman one seat to he right . on the wall a sign identify the hotel and a club banner which read -- " the rotary club of iowa CITY . " the camera continue to track and the rotary President go out of frame . 151 . rotary president ( o.s. ) but first we benediction will be deliver by reverend Phillip hardy of the first presbyterian Church . still tracking we see the reverend get up as the man around he bow they head . reverend hardy heavenly Father , please bless we today as we meet in friendship and duty . still tracking as we reach the end of the table . reverend hardy ( o.s. ) and Lord , whatever dangerous endeavor that among we may take , let they never be without you sanctuary . the camera stop . stand against the wall behind the table be Frank . as the reverend 's prayer go on , all head be bow to receive the benediction . all head but franks . the camera move in tight on he face . reverend hardy ... for all we know in we heart that even though we may walk through the valley of the shadow of death , you be with we ... guide and protect we . amen . the reverend 's final word segue into Rachel 's song . Frank 's search gaze around the room be arrest for a moment as though reacting to Rachel 's voice . 229 int . concert - night 229 Rachel end a phrase . she dab at the corner of she eye as she continue the song that still bind they together . 230 int . rotary club dinner - night 230 very close on frank his expression , so intense in the open scene of the film , be softer now . Rachel 's voice continue as Frank carefully scan the room . fade out : the end