terminal by sacha gervasi base on a story by Andrew niccol & oq & kg 2/22/2001 fade up on a blur of face they gradually come into focus along with the noisy chatter of a hundred different language - from swahili to waray - waray and Tajik to cantonese . 's the passengers pour into the bright fluorescent light of the arrival Hall of a vast , anonymous International Terminal , expression grim from seemingly endless journey across seemingly endless time Zone . int . INTERNATIONAL terminal - observation deck . day . a log jam of people in the immigration hall . a plastic-look Christmas tree in the corner , incongruous in the stark surroundings . at the far end of the vast hall , senior Immigration Officer , mercer , and he young assistant thurman , stand on a observation platform , gaze out at the multi-color sea of humanity . the older man lean across to he subordinate , offer he the benefit of all he eighteen year of experience in the Immigration and wet tion service - when the " @ third world flush , thurman , all EES come pour through that do thurman nod . % 9 int . INTERNATIONAL terminal - tion line . day . Close on polished leather shoe step calmly through the doorway into the arrival Hall . we move up a inexpensive but exquisitely maintain brown suit , a crisp white shirt and a plain silk tie to find viktor navorski , 40s , bloodshot eye fill with excitement . though push and shove like everyone else viktor remain somehow unruffled , at peace almost , he eye find - the statue of LIBERTY see through a window up ahead , sunlight glisten beautifully off the Hudson . manhattan stand proudly behind , frame perfectly , she incandescent grandeur set against a immaculate azure sky . viktor be exuberant . he move toward it ... but he smile start to fade as he realize there 's no water , no gigantic monument , no city ... it 's just a elaborate model of New York . guard please step back into the line , sir . viktor turn the see a pair of uniform Immigration guard supervise the line . he smile again , stake the first Guard 's hand . viktor 's accent be of a indeterminable , though clearly european origin - viktor thank you for have I . the bemuse Guard shake viktor 's hand , glance at he colleague - gi I say step 26s in . viktor step back , a litle tate . as the line move past row / 6 of identical counter viktor catch a glimpse of the dist . eting area through several set of swinging double door . '' ~ to the line , sir . for a brief moment he make out DS < acitea family hold up a makeshift sign - " welcome home " . int . INTERNATIONAL terminal - later viktor reach the front of the long line and hand he passport to a officer . officer welcome to the United States , Mr. navorski . Business or pleasure ? the Officer run viktor 's new passport through a scan machine , glance up again to see viktor still smile back at he . viktor carefully consider the question for several beat . then several more - officer ( impatient ) Business or pleasure ? viktor 's just about to answer when the scan machine make a strange beep . check he computer screen the Officer pick up he phone , regard viktor suspiciously all the while - officer Mr. mercer ? I have a UV - I on nine . viktor turn to the African woman wait behind he in line with she two young son . he smile . when he turn back , several official , include thurman be stand in front of he . thurman — _ oread from the passport , butcher the name ) ~ mr... navorski ? would you step this way ? which ? just follow we . the purpose of he visit - '' } } to the Officer behind the vol pey finally decide on viktor pleasure . as viktor follow thurman , the other official fall in behind he . int . immigration holding area - day busy , dark and loud in here . the sound of dog barking . flanke by the official , a bewilder viktor be lead down a hallway past several door , some of they open - a young chinese man shake with fear . he hold he right hand up in the air and swear a oath to a interview officer while a interpreter translate . 4 . po gs rip into the case of a arab couple 's luggage while officer look on , ignore the couple 's desperate plea . viktor look back down the corridor again , briefly make eye contact with a terrify vietnamese refugee whose baby be take away from she by a female officer before she 's unceremoniously force into a hold cell . at the far end , thurman hold open the door for he UV - I . viktor enter , look back concerned at the wail child . int . interview room - day viktor sit in silence for several long beat . the door open . mercer appear . viktor stand to attention , knock he chair back . mercer please . sit down , sir. viktor sit down again , nervous . mercer size he up . a uncomfortable silence . mercer what be you do in the United States , Mr. navorski ? ' viktor smile awkwardly . antly - VI I be on vacation : / of mercer , expression smpenctvant / , es at viktor . mercer what do you plan on do during you vacation ? viktor vacation . a beat . mercer you say vacation . viktor yes ... I do . mercer glance at thurman . mercer where be you stay ? do you have relative here ? viktor reach into he breast pocket and pull out a envelope . he open it , hand the paper inside to mercer who read it . mercer the happy traveler Motel . a second glance to thurman . mercer how much money do you have ? viktor nod . mercer I need to see you money , Mr. navorski . viktor quickly produce three more envelope , each with something hand - write on the outside . he offer they to mercer . . — mercer open they , ts 8 viktor open the first rp e , offer mercer the bill t inside . mercer do not touch the money , gesture for viktor take it out . ° mercer please count the & lg mark down the amount on the piece of ronext to you . mercer and thurman watch as viktor slowly count out the bill , mark down the amount on the piece of paper as instruct . mercer notice the handwrite on the outside of the first envelope - mercer ( be : the write ) what do that mean ? viktor translate - viktor Hotel . 6 . mercer gesture for viktor to take out the money in the second envelope . viktor do , mark the amount down . mercer what about that money ? what 's that for ? viktor food . for food . viktor open the final envelope , retrieve a single bill . mercer look at he - viktor entertainment . mercer ( look at the bill , then at thurm : a ) entertainment ? viktor nod , write the denomination down , the third number on he piece of paper . mercer gesture for the paper . viktor slide it across the table . thurman enter the number into a calculator and make the conversion into dollar . he show mercer the amount . mercer nod . . ( gesturingéo ) now you returr ét please . ° viktor hand it over . mercer thorough examination , casually slip viktor 's ticket mn official file and seal it . viktor that 's mine - mercer it 's just procedure , Mr. navorski . ( indicate the door thurman hold open behind he ) if you would not mind wait in the wait room . viktor stare back at he . mercer this really will not take long . viktor reluctantly walk through . int . waiting room - day sterile in here , a single row of seat , a water dispenser , no window . a second door indicate a restroom beyond . viktor take off he coat , fold it neatly across one of the chair and sit down . he look around , take in he bland surroundings . his finger tap nervously on the table . int . waiting room - later viktor 's expression be grim . his tie be off and he shirt be unbuttone . it 's clear some hour have pass . viktor approach the door , hesitates ... knock . no answer . he knock again . iventually , thurman appear turcugh a window on the door . thurman ( a smile ) be patient , Mr. navorski . the window slam shut . - tee viktor just stand there for a moment . int . waiting room - lat the door suddenly open '' thrust a sandwich and a glass of water on a tray iktor 's hand . ° viktor ( still get with ye thank you very much . CD viktor sit down , rip the saran and bite into he tuna salad sandwich . he relish every single mouthful . int . waiting room - later yawning , viktor clean stain off he topcoat with the saran from the sandwich . he 's so exhaust he nearly fall asleep do it . he shake himself awake , return to the door , knock on it more insistently this time . nothing . he knock again . silence . resigned to he situation at least for the moment , viktor return to he seat and fashion he coat into a pillow . however the chair back ish't high enough and the ' pillow ' slip down cause viktor 's head to tilt forward awkwardly to accommodate it . laying the pillow on the armrest now , viktor attempt to squeeze he whole body sideways into the chair . it 's a impossible contortion . exasperate , he sit back in the chair again and try every other imaginable position , each less successful than the last . . a shoe prod at the sleep viktor . he be on the floor , he top coat cver he . the shoe belong to - mercer he look down on the extremely haggard viktor , thurman beside he . . R you would better town - viktor get up to sit di @ chair . he notice he suit 's a wreck and that mercer 2 ing rather grave - suspend all travell ivilege on passport issue by your-tountry . ° mercer o eighteen hour ago t' ao Department viktor I do not understand - mercer while you be in the air , you country be invade . a beat . viktor , in shock . viktor ..- what ? '' mercer fortunately , no resistance be offer . there be no casualty . viktor 's gs shock turn to bewilderment . viktor invade ? who ? mercer I be sorry . ( get up to go ) as soon as we have any information , Mr. navorski , you will be the first to know . rising out of he chair - viktor I be go back . mercer well , that 's the problem I be afraid , Mr. navorski . I can not send you back just yet . the new government have seal the border for the time -being . viktor so I must wait in New York -- - mercer . -- unfortunate I can not allow you to enter the uni} tate at this time either . viry ( thought : t themselves } “y I do not understand . a visa. ( point ) I have a passport ! mercer not a valid one , Mr. navorski . technically at least , the country that issue this passport ... ( take it out if its file , brandish it ) .- no longer exist . viktor so , what you be tell I be ... I can not go ... : mercer no. 16 . viktor ... and I can not stay . mercer no. ( beat ) not for the moment . a beat . viktor 's brain struggle to put all of this together . mercer I be go to allow you to get you luggage and authorize you to enter the International Transit Lounge . please wait there until the situation be resolve . mercer indicate to thurman to please take viktor away . mercer I assure you , everything will be clear up very soon , Mr. navorski . viktor be numb . - — int . baggage claim area - later '' viktor , escort by Thi and another official , pick he single black suitcase few unclaim case sit between carousel six si - longingly , viktor watch the ba 3 at the far end open and close , offer momenta : impse of the bustling Terminal beyond and sign indi 's ground transportation into the city . on the other side of the hall , mulroy - 30 , biack , wear dirty overall and rip glove . - load he cart with lose bag . he notice viktor be escort back up the step to the secure wait area . int . waiting room - minute later hand roughly go through the few simple item in viktor 's bagd ... sock ... a pair of shoe ... plain shirt and tie ... a toiletry case ... : a alsatian dog sniff every inch of the bag . the handler pull the dog off . ii . the Dog lick viktor 's hand , which just for a instant , cause the handler pause before he pulis he dog back out the door . thurman zip up viktor 's bag , hand it back to he . viktor thank you . viktor , smile , pull out the envelope with he hotel detail inside . viktor now , can you please tell I where to get the bus for Manhattan ? a beat . thurman half - smile , glance to he colleague . thurman I do not think you fully comprehend what Mr. mercer say , Mr. navorski . you have to wait . int . immigration area , corridor - moment later viktor , flanke by official lead by thurman , be lead down . yet another corridor towards a door mark '' International Transit lounge , restricted es int . INTERNATIONAL nude GE - continuous emerging into the brittle I of the Terminal , viktor 's immediately and completely '' € a at the scale and t grandeur of it all . to he , ce be like nothing he 's ever he 's see before . he stand there frozeN , mouth '' Z6 as thurman outline the specific parameter of he confinement - thurman . this be the International Transit Lounge . you be free to wait in here . ( hand he seme food voucher ) this can be redeeme at any of the concession outlet . ( point ) - Beyond that door - look at they , Mr. navorski - ( he looks} - be american soil . 12 . viktor american soil ? ' thurman yes. restricted . glass security door open as passenger wheel luggage - laden trolley out into the main Terminal . as thurman point up to the camera everywhere - thurman any attempt to pass through that door or to enter the United States through any other mean will result in you immediate arrest and confinement in the detention ceuter . viktor 's hand be tremble with fear . thurman ( notice ) do not worry , Mr. navorski . . ( ominous ) we know man os be . . viktor watch thurmal ro be through the door again . he finally turn - > " 2 ( viktor' Pov he be face with the sprawling , - modern multi-cultural metropolis of gleam steel and ss that be the International Transit lounge . int . observation deck - later mercer and thurman observe viktor from the mezzanine floor above . viktor sit on a seat very near the door . he single case on he knee , he hand rest on the case . he watch the imnortant door in the distance and the camera everywhere . 13 . int . observation deck - continuous mercer and thurman notice viktor as they finish up coffee on they break . a beat . thurman he 's be sit there for three hour . mercer do you know how big it be , this country of he . you can walk from one end to the other in fifteen minute . there be longer trip to the bathroom in some hotel lobby . thurman what 's he suppose to do ? a beat . mercer ( a shrug ) ~ let he shop . . they toss they wet wo andsileave . int . INTERNATIONAL T : oe GE , lower level - later viktor . hesitantly get up , start ' br. ed ) passengers move at he , knock into he , eter fierce and rush . petrify , viktor have to consciously calm he breathe and slow down , the whole place blur now as he attempt to make it through here -- passenger watch it ! the passenger nearly knock viktor over into a fake palm tree . - wee 14 . arrival / departure board Flight information flicker ... bahrain ... lima ... Brussels ... tangier viktor stand amidst a group of late - night travellers stare up at the arrival / departure board , look very lose and alone . as flight be cancel , delay or give the go-ahead to board , group of passenger arrive and depart . the only constant be viktor . he turn around again , confuse , unsure of which direction to take . int . INTERNATIONAL termivjal , upper shopping concourse -later muzak version of bach 's ' Goldberg variation ' echoe through the hi-tech concourse as viktor walk past every department store imaginable - W. H. Smith ... bloomingdale 's ... brookstone ... Williams sonoma ... banana repubhic ... ke slow in front of oneistake a moment before say the word - ox fb ls the gap . for of a indian cleaner , gupta , mop ] arby , register viktor , watch as he continue past ty of duty free store advertising remarkable deal on yc sounding perfume and cut - edge paim-held electronic od . viktor stop at one of the window , intrigue by a giant six - foot high pack of merit cigarettes , try to imagine now they would be smoke . as a puzzle viktor turn =o continue ahead , gupta look away . now viktor notice gupta , watch as passenger trample over he freshly - mop floor , seemingly oblivious or indifferent to the fact that in a few second it will be dirty again . oe 43 . int . INTERNATIONAL terminal - day have finally exhaust he exploration of the upper level , viktor be face with a stain plastic curtain at the end of a long concourse . a sign apologize - " please Excuse we appearance during construction of we New wing " viktor sneak a look behind the curtain - workmen , overseen by they foreman karl iverson , be construct a new concourse include dozen of additional gate . viktor study the workmen , fascinate , gaze towards central area between the distant cluster of gate - a large cavity in the ground indicate where foundation have yet to be laid . int . INTERNATIONAL transit uounge , food court area - day the food voucher in he hand , viktor move excitedly past a dizzying array of food concession stand . this be the United Nations of cuisine . his attention be suddenly draw to a frail young woman sit on a over-stuffed sliitcase , struggle to shut it . viktor watch for a moyen put down he voucher on a nearby tableand go er . he lend he weight to th and the girl , startle by the unusual act of kindness es to snap the lock shut . young he thank you . 9 viktor do not mention it . viktor smile , watch she wheel the jumbo-sized american tourister away . he turn back to the table - the food voucher be go . he check the floor nearby . nothing . int . INTERNATIONAL terminal , baggage claim area - night tire and hungry , viktor observe passenger take they bag off the carousel for a minute . be . he make sure the coast be clear before drop he own bag onto the carousel . int . first CLASS lounge area - next day viktor walk the plush - carpete corridor that link all the first class lounge . outside the alitalia lounge viktor hear the pop of a champagne cork . he jump , slightly unnerve . viktor move through the glass door but as they slide open for he a frosty - look hostess - smoking she muratti ambassadori with surprising aggression - stop he . hostess ( italian accent ) ticket please . viktor shake he head , no , and move on . flash of flame a distinctively gallic-look chef flambe a elaborate dessert in front of some well - heele travellers . int . AIR . FRANCE first C - lounge viktor watch rather vw y from the hallway , soaking up the smell that waft out < wh lounge door slide open . anch ww } although at the mom ail of the invasion be unclea : zo ) prick up , viktor move closer play on the tv in the corner - watch the CNN report the screen a female anchor speak to camera . picture of a sleepy town square with soldier march through it . viktor ( to himself ) - my country . 17 . only manage to hear the television as the glass door open for people come in or out , viktor hear the report in maddeningly short burst : anchor ( v.0 . ) ... accord to both official communique and ( door close and opens} ...a bloodless coup . troops simply walk across the border early this morning ... a tank drive past a ancient church , a single white flag hang out of a upper window . 1 viktor face press to the glass , strain to hear as the door close . he step on the mat to open they again - anchor ( v.0 . ) ... and tonight what be once the tiniest Republic in the balkan be now but a annex province ... ~ {door close and open ) ... moest fear > Nations in the region ... ( door cloggs7 vand open ... expansiony ency show precious little sign ig . as the door close quickly , wid finally stick he foot on the mat to keep it open . dy the smiling anchor appear on 4b . voice ( 0.s8 .} ( french accent ) pardon I , sir . Lounge steward kick viktor 's foot out of the way - steward ( aristocratic disdain ) I be afraid this be a private club . viktor leave . the door open again -- ~ CNN anchor ( C.S. } next this ' you - check out the latest pulse- pound rhythm on the Latin american dance floor . come up on World beat -- + 0 - int . corridor - continuous enrique , a diminutive Latin food manager carry some trays of food into the Air France lounge , note the curious and distraught figure of viktor wander past , the steward ' follow behind to ensure he clear the area . int . INTERNATIONAL transit lounge , immigration area - night viktor stand at the locked door to the Immigration area . he sigh . int . INTERNATIONAL transit lounge , upper concourse - night all the store be lock up too . there 's hardly anyone around except a few cleaners buffing the floor or haul huge trash container behind tiny transportation truck . viktor take the esualater down to the baggage claim area . int . baggage claim area - night at the far end , mulroy load heavy musician flight case onto he motorize trolley . someone tug at mulroy 's sleeve . voice ( 0.8 . ) ~ Sir ? do yous a white samsonite with a big scuff m it that kind of look like France ? mulroy turn . a tiny wo ! ur stand behind he . mulrocy matam , I be busy righ if you have lose you bag , you not go to ogesture over ) counter B. old woman it 's not really a scuff mark , it 's more of a big seratch . I guess it look more like Italy -- mulroy ( near she ) I really do not want to have to repeat myself , ma-am . the woman back away , scared . viktor walk towards he bag , the only piece of luggage revolve on the carousel . mulroy , load a cart with heavy flight case , see viktor come . he watch as viktor pull he bag off the carousel , retrieve he toothbrush and put the bag back on . straighten , viktor notice mulroy stare at he . as viktor 's bag revolve around towards mulroy , mulroy lift it off the carousel and drop it by he foot . a bizarre kind of mexican stand - off as viktor and mulroy stare at each other . viktor finally walk to mulroy , pick up he bag and place it back on the carousel . mulroy walk around viktor and casually take it off . viktor walk around mulroy and casually put it back on . mulroy wave he hand , !enough ' . he stomp over to a nearby panel , flick a switch and the carousel stop ... viktor 's bag be just sit there ... mulroy you take the bag off . you do not put '' they on . & S . it 's heavy to er mulroy approach viktor . ° mulroy G , '' well , why do not you g espe viktor I just arrive . mulroy indicate viktor 's bag - mulroy it do not matter to I whether you be come or go . I just want this bag off my carousel . viktor look at he , finally pick up he bag . mulroy exit , he trolley in tow . viktor sorry . '' ue int . terminal , new wing - night viktor , carry he bag and look tired , walk past the gate under construction that seem to stretch off into infinity ...38...39...40... 41 the higher the gate number , the great the evidence of construction work - scaffold , painting equipment , electrical drilis , heavy tool . viktor stop at the last one . gate 5 C he smile and walk inside . it be virtually a shell apart from random piece of old equipment - seat , gate desk etc . - about to be take away . paint can and ladder everywhere . tucked away in the far corner there 's a little row of plastic and metal seat with armrest . viktor walk over , sit down , fashion he coat into a pillow again to get some rest ... he try the ' pillow ' in every imaginable position , each less successful than the last . int . immigration waiting room - morning ~ viktor walk up to the netew , hold he badly crick neck . a Immigration 4 officer torre , be already shuffle papers behind e dow . viktor smile , offer he coe viktor good morning . CD stare at he all the time , Officer torres casually place a small placard between they which read ' back in half a hour ' and sharply pull down the window shade . viktor hello ? hello ? silence . int . immigration area - later viktor stand in a long line wait . after a while he . saches the front . '' ae viktor I should speak to Mr. mercer . the female Officer , busy with paperwork , do not look at he - officer Mr. mercer be busy right now , sir . viktor I be viktor navorski . I must talk to -- officer -- any question you have can be take care of at window nineteen . she point to a huge line across the hall . officer next ! viktor sigh . viktor wait patiently in the long line . finally he reach the front . Officer torres look at he . vv viktor I be tell you coul e. officer to let 's see you paperwork . viktor hand over he passport . officer torre no , siz . you green entry form . viktor shrug , he do not have one . officer torre I can not do anything without the green form . viktor where do I get the green form ? he look viktor over . eee officer torre not here . next ! back in line viktor finally reach the front of the line . just as he approach the window with he passport and fill - out Green form , Officer torres close the window . viktor no. please ! int . MAIN immigration waiting room - next day viktor wait with he case on he knee , he hand over he case , wait in the wait room . the clock on the wall read 6.15 . a door open , mercer , appear . viktor chase after he . viktor when can I leave ? mercer keep walk . MI R not yer . viktor defiantly block <r 's path . vikt ° a airport be a pia yor go to go , not st ) a place you go to o mercer finally stop , glare at 2 . be about to say something when -- a commotion up ahead in the distance distract they - two young chinese men make a run for it through passport control . the Men manage to make it through the door and rush the baggage Claim area , knocking passengers over as they struggle to find a way out . viktor watch , rapt , as the Men near he and mercer , pursue by a dozen immigration officer led by daniel , female , 30 - daniel ( shouting ) stop where you be ! the Men turn , stop only when they see more officer wait for they at the other end . cornere , they jump onto a carousel , scramble desperately over bag to get to the open above where they be come from . vaktor 's with they every move . the officer jump on the carousel now too , grab the man by they leg , pull off they shoe ... shout as the fierce struggle_continue , the man kick out at the officer , cling desperately onto bag , onto anything they can find that might stop they get catch -- but the escapee be 4 overwhelm , the officer pull they violently off thee : ls and throwing they to the concrete not far from viktory x B somehow , one of the Men mar > break free - mulroy deck he with a delse g-phell . mulroy ( whisper to he shell - shocked victim ) please do not stand on the carousel . the two prisoner plead to they captor in chinese . his prisoner scream at he - second officer ( turn he round ) ' happy New Year ' to you too , chop suey . as the officer hustle the illegal towards the Security door at the far end , one of the prisoner start to cry . viktor watch , frighten . mercer gesture to thurman who 's nearby . he whisper something into thurman 's ear , walk out past viktor . thurman come with I , Mr. navorski . viktor , panicked , watch mercer go , worried he may finally have push mercer too far . int . immigration area - a few minute later thurman lead viktor down another corridor . viktor be clearly terrify something awful be about to happen . thurman open a door onto a huge hall which look down onto the baggage claim area below . thurman since you do not have any U.S. . currency , Mr. mercer say you can call home . teil you family what 's go on . after a moment - . — - viktor call my mwa course . thurman gesture to to red telephone on a stand , a chair next to it , at the¢fa d of the room . vikt '' thank you . gy , ( ~ viktor walk toward the far end , ee down through the glass at the crush of passenger try find they bag . bt the phone , viktor look back and see thurman still watch he . he force a smile . he pick up the receiver and dial the number . int . baggage claim area - continuous mulroy take off he glove and wipe he sweaty forehead . look up he notice viktor in profile through the glass , stand by the phone . Daniels , the female Immigration Officer who arrest the chinese men.and stil ? a little sweaty from all the action , pass by with a couple of coffee . mulroy stop she . mulroy ( gesture up at viktor ) what 's he deal ? daniel who ? ( she look ) oh he . no papers . he 's call he family . { leave ) happy New Year , mulroy . mulroy oh , yeah . you too . viktor mumble into the phone , a single tear run down he cheek . mulroy watch . shake he head again at " this kind of people 's , mulroy put he glove back on and resume work , grab bag off the pack carousel and lining they up - on. the floor . after a while mulroy look up again but , viktor 's go ... the receiver dangle off the>hook . int . INTERNATIONAL te : eo mmigration area - hour later Immigration officer . have jperiess New year eve party - ce a quick drink and perfunctogg t before they toss they plastic cup and put they cost ) there 's a tv on in there too - lark speak excitedly into he mic , overlook the cro in Times Square . the MAIN concourse ~- completely empty and abandon . a eerie silence ... int . gate fifty - night viktor sit on the seat and stare out at the runway . a AIR india 747 be take off . viktor watch the plane arc up into the starry winter sky . he look at he watch . it 's just after eleven -thirty . viktor late again , Delhi . e 26 . he sigh deeply , wait ... and wait ... he look around the gate . nothing . not a sound . viktor can not escape it , he know he could be here literally forever . viktor reach into he pocket , pull out the few coin from he homeland still in he pocket . a sad look on nis face . he take one of they , examine it ... a idea hit he . he duck underneath the seat and use the edge of the coin to remove a screw moment later a pile of screw on she floor , all of the armrest on the row of seat detach . now he use the coin to make two groove in the wall , one for each day he 's be here . viktor lie down on he new ' bed ' . a sigh of deep satisfaction as he reach down to make sure he bag be still right beside he on the floor . despite the bright ay e€ , viktor begin to drift , hand still grip tig : ae he bag ... the time square ball ~ '' ° drop as the New Year chime i a mighty roar . it rain confetti over the thousand pac to Times Square . int . immigration room - continuous as the crowd 's cheering continue we pull back off the image play on the tv in the corner to see the room be vacant ... the arrival / departure board it flicker the life with fresh information for multiple flight to Rome ... Amsterdam ... Brussels ... London int . INTERNATIONAL terminal , arrival gate ~- night viktor watch through the ' glass as family be re-unite with they love one arrive off long - haul flight - a elderly woman ( 60 ) hug she slightly young sister . they cry tear of joy . it 's be a long time since they see each other . a small black kid , perhaps nine or ten , jump into he fateer 's arm as he run out the gate with he beam mother . a blonde girl run into she boyfriend 's arm . he lift she up , she leg wrapping around he waist as they kiss passionately without even say hello . a crashing sound - voice ( 0.s. ) shit . viktor turn to see a young flight attendant - Hispanic , 30 , no -make - up - arm and leg akimbo , lie on the floor not far from he , the content of she bag spread out all over the place . she realize she heel 's break , curse to herself in Spanish and start to gather up she scattered schedule - flight attendant shit. shit. i - . viktor approach , help '' pick up some of she thing include several well - thumbed i . - vt > ( give they ’¢é & , where be you go ? flight bn Buenos Aires . ( struggle to find the right schedule ) 7 I just can not remember where from . viktor note she United uniform , look at she watch . viktor Flight two -fifteen . Gate twenty four . amelia - thanks . handing back she break heel - so . viktor this area in particular , from the gift shop to the courtesy phone , be the most slippery . they mop twice . she regards he briefly . flight attendant oh really . .. why ? viktor notice she nametag now -' Amelia sanchez 's . viktor I do not know . I can find out . he help she up . viktor May I suggest sensible heel ? payless shoe Center level three . she nalf -smile , nod , take off she shoe and start run towards she gate - . amelia . ( shouting back ) - thanks in ( after he '' zs , do not run . of ° he watch she disappear aro rner , turn to see gupta cd the cleaner he first see at the food court , mop nearby while listen to loud Hindi music through badly tape - up headphone . viktor approach , notice the ' wet floor - caution ' sign still on he cart . viktor ( the sign ) you should put that out so people do not . slip . gupta can not hear what viktor 's say . he take off he headphone - viktor I say you should put that out so people do not slip . gupta just stare at he ... then offer viktor the mop . viktor no , thank you . gupta 's accent be pukkah - british - gupta mind you own business then . intrigue by the friendliness of he contempt , viktor stay where he be , watch gupta mop . viktor how long have you work here ? gupta look viktor over once again . gupta a while . ~ viktor - really ? I I use to work < at throw , Terminal three , before DB ( glance of ° .. I need a sear ) o viktor ys what 's it like there ? < a gupta it smell the same . a loud crash from behind they . a businessman 's slip on the wet floor by the restroom . he get up , angrily mop down he brook Brothers suit - businessman ( to apathetic passer - by ) it 's like a goddam swim pool out here ! gupta quietly wheel he trolley past viktor . gupta it 's the only fun I have . off viktor 's appal expression . int . INTERNATIONAL transit lounge , gate thirty - night en route to " bed ' , viktor slow at Gate thirty , note the stack can of paint under plastic . he look around to check the coast be clear . viktor peel the plastic back to get a better look at the can . unuse brush too . viktor consider the peel far wall . he take off he tie , shirt , jacket and trousers and fold they neatly in a pile . without so much as a second think , viktor lift a nearby ladder off the ground , flip it up and lean it against the wall . use the edge of a large coin , viktor pop the lid on the paint , dip one of the brushes in and climb up the ladder . viktor start painting . he work carefully and exactly . int . gate thirty - later on viktor 's feet . the ladder be further along now , half the wall alréady paint . - viktor climb down to wrap in paint-spia underclothes . he resemb fashion experiment ( faile é fresh can of paint . he 's now astic , to protect he kind of french avant garde ° . int . INTERNATIONAL terminal , eb ) irty - dawn look tired but happy , viktor $ i up he ladder to go . be at the door , he turn back to a he perfectly paint wall . he smile to himself . in the corridor viktor look out across the runway . the first finger of early morning light be stretch out across the horizon . viktor continue ' home ' , whistling . ext . runway - day a cathay Pacific jumbo jet take off with a giant roar . _ od int . INTERNATIONAL terminal , bathroom - morning a well - dress businessman wash he hand at the sink , check out he reflection in the mirror . viktor emerge from one of the stall behind he , wear white jockey short and a T-shirt and brush he tooth . the man watch 's as viktor approach one of the basin and spit into it . the businessman lock at vikter , disgust . viktor offer a toothpaste - lather smile as a apology . int . INTERNATIONAL terminal - morning a stray luggage cart park at a angle in the middle of the concourse . pass by , viktor politely return it to a nearby machine . the machine 's refund mechanism unexpectedly spit a quarter back out . viktor look around , pocket it . another gate viktor push two more cart and return they to the machine . two more quarter pop cut . xs another gate zl viktor round up worry cart . more quarter . int . transit lounge , food ea - day viktor 's hand , full of — again he walk past the multi-color storefront di ing various National flag , smell the air , pleased confuse at the multitude of aromatic option . int . transit lounge , food court - later two bowls of hot minestrone on a move tray , viktor load on dozen of cracker on the way to the register , where he hand over he coin . the cashier glance az the cracker , then witheringly up at viktor , slide the next tray up . food court table 32 . viktor , napkin carefully tuck into he shirt , slurp at he soup . Enrique , the first class lounge food manager , drive he motorize food trolley - whose engine make a odd whistling sound - notice viktor , the curious man he see eject from the lounge earlier , eat on the other side of the food Court . he study he for a moment , approach gupta , who 's mop nearby . enrique what 's up with he ? gupta who ? enrique ( point ) Brown suit . two o'clock . gupta oh , he . stuck here . enrique like ronson . worse . some k aperwork problem . serious accord ? mulroy . he 's live over at 50 . a ) enrique uf Gate 50 ? CO gupta move away with he mop-cart . gupta not such a bad part of the world . a black female custom officer pass Enrique . they exchange a flirtatious little look . custom officer ( he cart ) anything good to eat . - enrique a little left-over bratwurst . tyrolean air. she smile , move on . viktor drink the last of he soup , oblivious to the fact that he 's be watch . he put down the bowl , try to smile but he 's still famish . viktor look up - a family of four finish a dinner of chinese food at a nearby table . the youngest , who 's cry , have not even touch he burger and fries . viktor stare at the untouched meal longingly . finally , the family get up to leave . viktor rise , instinctively moving toward the table when a busboy appear out of nowhere and scoops up the all the trays - include the untouched burger - and throw it away . viktor can not believe it . enrique watch from the other side . enrique he will get tapeworm from that burger . int . INTERNATIONAL terminal , new wing , gate - day Karl , the.foreman and hi§ \crew manager make a examination , with plan , of work to not . . '' ger this section he ae take we till March 30 . ° oq karl if we want to make th dline all the crew have to be syncop a , Brian . like a ballet . crew manager oroll he eye ) I get it , Karl . as they pass Gate thirty , Karl notice the paint back wall . karl hold on . Karl and the Crew manager enter the gate . viktor the appear , quietly follow they inside , excitedly anticipate the positive reaction to he work . karl who 's be work here ? crew manager ( check he plan no-one . Karl hold up a paint-flecked finger . karl it do not look like no - one to I . the Crew manager shrug , check he schedule again . crew manager we do not s.art here for another week . Karl examine the precision work more closely . karl look at this cornice . must be Harry 's crew . ww ( shaking he head in dismay ) any chance to e we look bad . they be try to can 's ouble again , Brian . viktor crestfallen , disappear out '' oy . int . baggage handling area - ly his bag by he side and look rie er forlorn , viktor stare at the empty carousel spin for quite a long time . mulroy , emerge from behind a door mark " restrict ' , toss bag carelessly onto a cart . he see viktor at the far end . mulroy just watch , note viktor glance at he watch every once and a while . mulroy make he way over . viktor see mulroy come , go back to watch he carousel . viktor - I be notice this carousel here . mulroy carousel seven . 32 . viktor yes . she take fifty - eight second to go in one circle . mulroy 's really ? viktor indicate the next carousel . viktor and this one here . mulroy eleven . carousel eleven . viktor eleven , yes . she take longer . seventy second . and they be the same size . mulroy stare at he , unimpress . viktor I think there 's a problem with the ball bearing . ~ a beat . I will speak eering . mulroy hurl a bag carele '' ay oward he cart , miss it . ° viktor } why de you throw the they belong to the passenger . mulroy when exactly be you leave ? viktor any time . I be on vacation . a beat . mulroy one hell of a vacation . the two man regard one another now and as they do some kind ef understanding be reach between they , in the silence . mulroy subtly gesture to viktor 's bag , then nod to the carousel . ee mulroy just for the moment . viktor drop he bag on the carousel . viktor ( after he } thank you . walk away and without look back , mulroy raise he arm to viktor and disappear through the door into the secure baggage Claim Area . int . bookstore - day viktor be in the ' Home Computing and electronics 's section . he refer to a simple guide to home electronics , copying a diagram from a open page onto a food court napkin . viktor put the book back on the shelf , turn - amelia . the Flight attendant he help earlier , browse in historical biography nearby . ~ st in . a book , occasionally in Spanish . she 's in she own world , translate word to he viktor find himself fx the spot , unable to blink even , entrance by she um ed beauty , she calm , she complete lack of self - consci '' or + amelia ( turn ) wy you be creep I out , ay buddy -- then she recognize he . viktor almost jump . amelia oh ... it 's you . a beat . viktor 's eye be draw down to she flat shoe . viktor better . sensible heel . amelia ( still a little throw ) I do not expect to see you again . she smile at he . he smile back , awkwardly . 37 . amelia anyway ... thanks again for the other day . she look at she watch . amelia I be go to be late again . she start walk . viktor follow she , search for something , anything to say . he notice the biography of napoleon in she hand - - viktor so ... you like history ? amelia only when I fly . you get a lot of perspective up there . viktor why napoleon ? amelia _. ° - any story about a man with a ego bigger than he own country have get to be good ~ for a few laugh . ( she look Sat the price ) . six hundred page for nine , ninety nine . can not beat VI I think maybe it fi the ego that save he . she look at he , puzzle . veh bresmes -- viktor after defeat at waterloo , napoleon be exile to the island of elba . he feel the only noble thing to do be commit suicide . ( beat ) but because he consider himself to be superhuman he take six time the lethal dose of poison . he look up . she 's listen - viktor the amount be so huge he body reject it immediately . he do not die . in the end , you see , it be he ego that save he ... sb . a long beat . amelia I do not know that . a beat . she take a closer look at he . amelia you come through here a lot ? viktor I be here all the time . she smile , move a little closer . nervous , viktor begin take random travel book off a nearby shelf . ame uia nlook around ) seem like that sometimes , do not it ? I do not know how you frequent flyer do it . he manage to put back ' Gay beach of the Caribbean ' before she notice . , at least we ge to today ? . where be you off she see the assort guide > Philippines in he hand . amelia oh , manila ? where the '' ér ope come from . viktor do not get it . amelia it 's a joke . they walk towards the register . in line viktor oclutch a armful of book ) I ... just can not decide . she take they out of he hand one by one , sort through they . amelia not this one . forget this . a total rip off ... _ ( she choose one ) @ * this series be pretty reliable . she drop it in viktor 's hand . . viktor . thank you . he look down at - the book Lonely Planet . ' Amelia pick up a second book of poetry from the counter display , examine it . amelia frankly poem be much better for the air . you stand a chance of finish one before the passenger want something . '' it 's viktor 's turn in line . ~ pe hier . yes , sir . @ 7 the cashier stare at vil sof tant ask for he book . viktor ( move behind a nervously ) ©) he . she 's get a flight to on amelia ( check she watch again ) shit . you be right . she quickly hand she book to the cashier and pay . at the door she turn back , wave . at viktor and run away down the concourse . cashier that will be twelve , thirty four . Cash or eredit ? viktor turn to see the cashier 's already rung up viktor 's book . viktor I have ... change my plan . ntake thé book back ) I be think more about ... osaka . the cashier look at he . cashier the Pacific rim . aisle three . 's viktor right . he leave . int . INTERNATIONAL terminal , gate fifty - night viktor return to see a foil - cover white plastic tray wait by he ' bed ' . he pull back the foil - a roll . a miniature salad . a tasty-looking miniature crumb cake . under a second layer of feil , some kind of undeterminable freeze chicken . the name emboss onto the seal napkin pouch -~- klm economy . next to it be a britis ipways first class travel kit . viktor look around the gat t's completely empty . vikt ° hello ? bs xo open and laid out . viktor , eat he salad , excitedly try out or play with each of the follow item : Silver razor ... mini shave foam ... perfume towelettes ... ear plug . ..eye-shade ...lip balm ... mini-cologne soft - spray ... pencil and paper ...toothbrush and toothpaste ..-. nail file ...scissor ... needle and thread . the kit viktor stuff another plastic forkful of food into he mouth , admire he cache of personal groom aid . int . gate fifty - later viktor , now in he pajamas , and munch on the crumb cake , stand . by the circuit box on the wall . mae we notice there be several more scratch on it , indicate the pass of the day . he pries open the box and refer to the diagram he make on the napkin in the bookstore , fiddle with the wire inside . after a few abort attempt - light turn on and off over various part of the gate - the overhead light directly above viktor 's ' bed 's go out . . moment later , viktor be lie down in he bed , he coat over he , smile . a long shot of the abandon gate , well - light except for the area around viktor 's ' bed ' , shroud in darkness . arrival / departure board the first arrival of the morning flash on the board ... Madrid ... madras ... bern ... addis ababa ... int . food court - day viktor wait patiently by a microwave .at. the heat-your-own Burrito stand . a well - dress woman , 40s , wait behind he in line with she burrito . pair of sock . they 'r ite dry yet . he smile at the woman , pop they in for few second . he take they 2 when the oven ping vi ir en the door and pull out a S out , leave . é after viktor 's go , the ence she burrito , think better of it , decide to opt thing a little more healthy instead . int . immigration office - day later viktor reach the head of the line . he slide he fill out immigration form across the counter . Officer torres do not even bother to leok at it , matter - of - factly stamp entry denied across it . officer next . viktor ' borrow ' some blank Immigration form with he as he go . wee 42 . int . INTERNATIONAL terminal , new wing concourse - day in a corner not far from the stain plastic curtain , several long line of worker wait to get they assignment for the day . viktor casually join one of the line . after a while , he reach the front . the Crew manager do not bother look at he - . crew manager name ? viktor navorski , viktor . he check he list . crew manager I do not have you down here . viktor I be new . crew manager what do you '' do ? . wy builder . a ike sager could you try andébe ittle more specific ? . WA viktor 49 ) painter . mason . plumber he look viktor over again . ' crew manager {to himsel£ ) great . a jerk of all trade . viktor ( strain to hear ) Excuse I ? crew manager never mind . who send you anyway ? 43. viktor ( hesitant ) I hear Harry -- crew manager {to he junior ) ~- one of Harry 's infamous recommendation . a very bad omen , my friend . he talk to you about pay and term ? viktor ( hesitant ) no . crew manager he never do . ( warily hand he a slip ) get a uniform from the shell . he gesture over to the worker hut nearby . viktor thank you . thank you very much . . Fei int . worker hut - a few minute later viktor emerge carryin os of press white overall and a hat . int . gate ten - day 2 viktor , now sport he new bae 's , walk in . the other worker , many of whom be pue m , watch he arrive . he wave politely at they 8 viktor hello . . they ignore he , turn back to they work . viktor spot the brushes and paint in the corner . helping himself he make he way over to the far side of the gate where no - one else be work . int . gate thirty - later viktor 's wall be only half - paint . viktor turn to see the other worker pack up for the day . they wall be already finish . a 4 . viktor turn back to he work . he conzinue slowly , carefully , exactly . int . food court area - night exhausted after he first day at work , viktor - now change back into he suit - walk through the concourse . Enrique 's food trolley , its engine still make the strange whistling noise , drive straight past he . viktor turn , sniff the air . he follow Enrique 's trolley . int . catering return area - later Enrique take a hot tray of appetizer from a compartment on he food trolley and hand it to a wait BA catering workfr . ke see viktor stand there . viktor thank you for dinner . and toothpaste . a very long beat . Enrique scrutinize he . - — enrique - how do man be I ? viktor lean forward @ food trolley , smell the assort aromas . he tap < on the compartment . Enrique open it . 7 for oem vixton 7 ) it 's the one you see ) enrique '' ~~ opretend to be unimpress ) klm ? that clog-wear amateur can not cook to save they ass . viktor I like it . thank you . enrique ( like it be nothing ) returns . they get toss anyhow . - now cathay Imperial class ... he open another drawer , allow viktor a brief , tantalize glimpse of a exquisite - look meal before slamming it shut again - '' >. enrique not too many mile on it , either . it 's only come from satitiago . Enrique kiss he finger , jump back onto he train and turn on the engine . it make the strange whistling sound again . viktor approach , flip up the hood and make a quick and precise adjustment . the whistling stop . a beat . enrique I could send a few more you way if you would like . viktor nod , graciously accept the kind offer . Enrique turn he cart around . enrique I hear you be go to be with we for a while . viktor no . I leave any day now , - Enrique take off in to er direction . eq ! really ? I do not a koard pass stick out of y co. pocket . off viktor 's expression . int . terminal - morning qd viktor walk past a row of pay tv 's . as he pass a woman leave she booth , tv still on . tv ( 0.s. ) the situation in Eastern european situation look unlikely to be settle in the immediate future -- viktor stop in he track , turn , sit down in the vacant booth to watch the news . we hold on viktor 's face as we hear - ao . tv newscaster the United Nations delegation last night could not even céfivince the leader of the principality to agree on a meeting place to begin talk aim at resolve the historical border -- the tv switch off . viktor slap it . nothing . he fiddle with all the button . still nothing . now viktor hit the tv , call it a name . frustrate , he look over to the next booth where a young kid wear death Metal clothes watch cartoon . the kid turn to viktor , a look of casual contempt . viktor smile and leave . int . gate fifty - night viktor , in he pajamas now and ready for bed be at the circuit box by the wall . he make another groove in the wall with he coin . there be dozen . viktor 's expression , realize it 's not go to be " any day now . " ~ int . terminal , UNITED win long haul desk - night $ 5 a ticket girl , sit b abandon desk , look out at the empty Terminal , ya’ : check she watch , leave . viktor appear , casually wa '' kk= t the desk before ducking behind it . oy , - hand ruffle through a drawer - om sticker , form , a book of ticket stub , slam it shut - a second drawer - a list of employee . viktor 's hand nervously flick through it . the title at the top " Ground staff ' . . a third drawer - viktor find another list of employee - ' JFK Flight staff schedule 's . he hurriedly pore down the list . viktor sanchez Amelia ... sanchez Amelia ... sanchez Amelia ... mre his finger track down each name on the list , finally find the name - viktor ( read she full name aloud from the card ) Amelia luisa sanchez . across from it ... she exact schedule . int . INTERNATIONAL terminal - night viktor wait for the flight crew emerge from a tunnel . from the tunnel opposite , viktor practice timing he walk to coincide with the arrive crew . he see Amelia appear . refolding he monogramm handkerchief in he top pocket and quickly cdjusting he tie , viktor give he best impersonation of a " frequent - flyer " as he move towards she . but it 's not she ... just a flight attendant who look very similar . viktor - ' sorry . es viktor return to he position . he wait . finally he see ge amelia wait till she get closer to Ho it 's she . it be . he begin he walk Amelia begin to smile when she see - max she boyfriend , a well - dress businessman wear generous amount of gold jewelry . he open he arm , kiss she passionately . they go off arm in arm . viktor crush , watch they leave . . Amelia and Max laugh and joke , kissing again , unable to keep they hand off each other . oe '' viktor , deject , start walk back home across the concourse . mulroy watch from around a nearby corner , he 's witness the whole scene . viktor continue ahead . mulroy ( .. S. } we be fly tonight . viktor turn to see where the whisper be come from , see mulroy stand there . mulroy at eleven . viktor ( approach ) Flying ? ~ mulroy Air Jamaica . viktor , puzzle . just meet I in o carousel six . he disappear . a pot £ h boil angrily on a rickety hot plate . int . terminal - mulroy' hideaway deep in the bowel of the baggage handle area , conveyor and carousel groan somewhere in the distance . mulroy stir the pot , intermittently sing along to the Loretta Lynn song come out of the yellow binatone stereo and smoking a match yellow corn - paper joint as he talk - mulroy I have bang they all , man . every trolley - dolly from j.ereflot to simbabwe Air . there be one girl -- ( more ) ay . mulroy ( a brief faraway look ) aer lingus . of viktor sit uncomfortably at a makeshift table in the corner - a rusted DC 9 wing panel , stare down at enough roach clip to hang a shower curtain . mulroy they be not like normal woman , viktor . they be some kind cf separate breed . Flying back and forth across all that time zone screw with they hormone . Girls just should not be up that high that long . it 's unnatural . trust I , unless you be just in the market for a little fun , stay away , man . mulroy turn round with a taste on the end of a large cooking spoon for viktor - mulroy try this . my mother 's recipe . viktor taste it - ~~ vibior ( grimaci it 's very good , > of the old overhead 747 @ mulroy reach above he tg container - complete with seon be loge - open it , you . pull out a huge bong make of piping , drop it in front of viktor . viktor examine it , worried . qd mulroy just the tonic for a man in you predicament . a bang at the door . Enrique appear , wheeling a labrador under a blanket ( scout ) on a make - shift trolleybehind he . he hug mulroy , look at viktor . enrique the man with no country . Enrique reach down , pull out a couple of bottle of dom perignon from under s..sut 's blanket . mulroy the Air France lounge ? sue enrique ( french accent ) mais bien sur . merci ! mulroy :( take the bottle , to viktor ) free to that that can not afford it . viktor you steal they ? Enrique feign shock . enrique my god. ( mockingly , to mulroy ) I steal they . Enrique cackle as he pop the cork . viktor 's in no mood to celebrate . he reach down to scout who lick he hand . int . mulroy ' S hideaway - later the room be fill with thick marijuana smoke from the superbong . the champagne bottle be empty too . viktor look uncomfortable , almost like he want to leave but be frighten to excuse himself . he reach down to pe g again , note the brace on both he hind leg this «ime enrique '' you like he , huh ? old dea dog . they be about to ' he , if you know what I mean , but ivinced they to let I have he . mulroy he 's get a golden nose , this one . scout - in flashback sniff vigorously , he crippled leg dangle uselessly from a luggage cart be wheeled slowly past a mountain of bag by mulroy . a furtive Enrique trail , make sure the coast be clear ... mulroy ( v.0 . ) ~ we wheel he past the bag before the first team dog go in . scout start to sniff and grab at a back pack . mulroy open it , pull out a small cucina doll inside , put it in front of scout 's nose . he bark . mulroy twist off the doll 's head , look inside , then up at Enrique ... bingo . int . mulroy' hideaway - continuous viktor watch as Enrique reach down to the barrel hang off scout 's collar and pull out two large bag of weed . enrique ( hand they to mulroy ) Kingston Press . Fresh off the plane . ( scout ) good boy . a light joint already in he mouth , mulroy shove the bag of weed into a little flight bag . mulroy a little take - out . viktor ( watch mulroy pack the weed away ) what if they catch you ? ~~ 's face . viktor be beginning to he exhales right into via z be eye be beginning to change . look rather pale . he ye no-one check the ( bag e handler 's baggage . it 's a ansgese Zp rule . enrique qd they get more important ing to worry about . like you , vik . when they go to let you outta here , anyway ? viktor any day now . viktor begin eat mulroy 's ' stew ' . for some reason , it do not seem to taste that bad anymore . enrique ( a stone laugh } someone 's lie to you , man . mulroy leave he alone . wee enrique fuck they . you should just leave . mulroy they will send he to the detention Center . enrique not if they do not catch he . ntoke , boldly ) I can get you out of here . viktor stop eat . mulroy ( to viktor ) he can not get you out of here . enrique damn skippy I can get he out of here ! viktor choke on the smoke again . his eye be look very glaze over by now . viktor how ? ue you could jus right out . vektory I can not . ro ° enrique ] have you ever be i ecfhe wheel well of a a3507 viktor no. enrique it 's the size of a one bedroom apartment . mulroy he would freeze to death . enrique ( like he 's a imbecile ) I do not know whether you have notice , mulroy , but there have be some breathtaking advance in western technology in the last few year . a wither look from mulroy as he hand Enrique the joint . have . enrique industrial grade aluminum foil . viktor stare at Enrique , he drug-addled brain take hold of the idea - ext . sky - viktor' fantasy a gleam 747 make its final approach to the runway . int . wheel well - continuous a pair of eye , icicle drip off the brow , stare terrify out of a small hole beneath thick layer of aluminum foil . int . cockpit - continuous the captain activate he landing gear . a button flash a malfunction . he look to he CO - pilot , aghast . the tarmac Minutes later . FIRE marshal pick over the char , smoking - wreckage of the down jet . ~ FI '' marshall take a look chis , sir : the senior marshall com ov and watch as carbon -streak layer of tin foil be pe ack . steam and smoke pour from the center oq the last layer be peel away . first mar by mother of god. senior marshall bake like a potato . int . mulroy' hideaway - continuous mulroy laugh . viktor 's expression , horrify . enrique maybe that one 's not for you . Enrique wave in front of viktor 's eye . viktor seem to be catatonic . mulrey still laugh . enrique viktor , be you alright ? mulroy I think he 's have a heart attack . enrique ( eureka ) that 's it ! cardiac arrest . they will have to take he to emergency at St. Joseph 's . viktor' mind viktor , on a gurney and clutching he chest be rush out of the Terminal to a wait ambulance . int . ambulance strapped down on the gurney , viktor have electrode attach the every part of he body . paramedic one '' read off the monitor . edic one lung , kidney , 's in perfect health . oconsult vikte chart ) since he have no lesa 3h t to be in this country , I see on why he ergans should not be hi ed ... not just he * corneas . eves paramedic one ( get the idea ) ... for legitimate U.S. citizen . viktor rip all the electrode off he body . int . mulroy' hideaway - later viktor look whiter than a sheet . mulroy be laugh so much how no sound be come out . viktor {calmly crawl off , hoarse ) thank you for a lovely evening . Enrique and mulroy high five . arrival / departure board the first morning arrival flicker to life .... durban ... Vienna ... monte Carlo ... kinchassa ..- ext . runway - day a Mexicana 747 take off with a roar . int . INTERNATIONAL terminal , new wing - morning viktor , look worse for wear , and the other worker emerge from the hut in they overall , ready to begin on the next gate . karl poke he head out of Gate ten , shout over to he man - karl you . all of you . here . now . minute later ot viktor and the’ other workmen stand in front of viktor 's perfectly paint wall . a Gather round . smiling , Karl run he tingere ( epp the intricate mould work at the hase . ye 9 karl see this , gentlemen . Old world craftsmanship . detaile . precise . beautiful . @k7 ae this . viktor 's thrilled . karl so , who do it ? viktor 's simply too embarrassed to take the credit . karl come on , I be sure we would all love to know who 's responsible for such beautiful work . viktor , finally overcome he humility , step forward . karl what 's you be name ? viktor viktor . Karl approach , he smile suddenly drop - karl ogesture to the wall ) it 's get to stop , viktor . viktor , confuse . karl this be a airport . people want to get through here as fast they can . no - one notice the goddamn wall in a airport . - work like this take too long . we miss we deadline , do not get my target bonus . - and if I do nog ugt mine , then you - ( gesturig ly ) - all of you , @on ! ' et yours . look at each other . karl lz people like you be stop everyone else from make money . viktor wish the earth wou or. he up . the worker the worker glare at viktor . Karl near he . hesitantly - viktor I can do the best job ... quick . a long beat . karl co I do not think so . int . gate fifteen - moment later Karl lead viktor into the abandon gate , trail by the other worker . karl okay , you have get until lunchtime . viktor look around the huge gate . after a moment ~ viktor the whole gate ? karl any one of this man could paint this whole gate before lunch ... oturn to they ) .right ? they all shake they head , delight in viktor 's torment . viktor nod he head , alright . Karl leave the gate , trail by the worker , a couple of they high -five . viktor &z look around at the e int . new ' wing , office - a of wall . he gulp . Karl be argue loudly the lo ian , the Crew manager appear . he look worried . crew sora ! karl Karl . . what ? crew manager you would better come here . int . gate fifteen - minute later the clock on the wall read ten minute to one . viktor sit calmly in the middle of the room finish a twa child 's fish supper . vee Karl and Brian arrive . Karl can hardly believe he eye . viktor 's not only paint everything perfectly , he 's finish the mould on the base as well . a beat . karl I do not like you , navorski . he leave . viktor savor the last of he jello cup . int . INTERNATIONAL terminal , MAIN concourse - day returning from work , viktor walk across the main concourse . people be start to recognize he . dusty , a sandy - haire airline purser approach , hand viktor a Continental Club class travel kit . dusty Enrique tell I about you ... ( look around ) ...' situation 's . viktor take it , slightly surprised . ( leave I be dusty . dusty wr no , that 's my name . os ) viktor I be sorry . thank you . ext . runway - night a Air Canada 767 taxi into the desert gate area , landing light flicker through the fall rain . int . terminal , upper concourse - individual payphone area viktor near a bank of public phone , each top with a plexiglas bubble for privacy . he slow , hearing a agitate woman' voice . as viktor get closer he realize she 's scream in rapid-fire Spanish . the argument crescendo , insult come fast and furious . the woman finally slam down the phone . we hear a muffle sob . the woman step out of the bubble . it 's Amelia . tear in she eye . . amelia asshole . she kick the phone . amelia asshole phone ! she collapse into she seat , rifle through she bag for a kleenex , tip the entire thing up . suddenly - 3 . monogrammed handkerchief appear in front of she face . the one that 's be poke out of viktor 's suit pocket since the day he arrive 's she look up , see es you again ? '' be vikter gently place the ha ief next to she and start to go . '' pi amelia what be you try to 4 viktor pause where he be , a deer in the headlight . she grab the handkerchief , try to wipe away she tear , the mascara run down she face . she blink . it hurt . amelia goddamn thing . she look for she contact case amidst the content of she bag , spread out everywhere . she get down on the floor , hunt for they , look under the seat . viktor join in . @ amelia Men . you be all the same . you should all come with a little warning sticker from the World Health Authority - ' anything that come out of this mouth be horseshit ' . viktor find the case , hand it to she - amelia it 's a simple ' yes or no ' question ? ' be you leave she ? ' " yes or no ? how complicated be that ? she open it , begin peel the contact out of she eye - amelia tell I the truth so - I can get on with my life . be that really so much to ask ? ( she eye ) ow . she start sobbing again . viktor be unsure what to do . he consider put he hand on she shoulder , think better of it . sit down quietly next to she instead . - — after a moment , she ne viktor , a little calmer now . you love he . Zp amelir / '' I want to marry nig ean , he 's already marry but '' 74 viktor Three of you . crowd . she laugh , look at he - amelia {as it occur to her} what be you do here at this hour anyway ? viktor ... I be delay . amelia again ? you need to find a new travel agent . she notice the fleck of paint on he hand . amelia what business be you in ? viktor Building . amelia Building ? viktor I travel between one building and another building ... building . International building . yes . oglance nervously at he watch } I would better get to my gate . as he get up to leave , she watch he . viktor turn back . he want to say something ... but he can not . he continue on he way . arrival / departure board Flight information for endless destination flicker to ~ - life ... dar es salaam ... Madrid ... Dublin , .. bonn ...- int . immigration offi '' - viktor reach the head < @f + line . he slide he fill out immigration form acro i counter . 2 Officer torres look at viktor ; os entry denied across the green form . viktor leave zh officer to ! viktor turn , approach the window again . viktor . officer torre ( a discreet whisper ) listen , viktor . just between we . you do not have to £ 111 the form out every time . why do not you fill out a pile and I will just stamp they with different date ? might save you some time . viktor ~ I do not want to get you into any trouble . a beat . officer torre you may be illegal viktor , but you be a gentleman . viktor help himself to some blank immigration , form as he leave . int . INTERNATIONAL terminal - day viktor and the other worker be on a lunch break . the Crew manager come round with paycheck . he hand a envelope to everyone except viktor . crew manager you do not fill out the paperwork properly . viktor look up at he . crew manager I can not pay you without a social security mnmber , viktor . viktor - it 's okay . viktor do not seem that viktor smile . well , as soon as you get it . viktor go back to he tuna salad sandwich . - Karl catch the exchange . he approach , reach into he pocket , stuff a couple of bill into viktor 's top overall pocket . karl a advance . till it get straighten out . a long beat - os karl ( reluctantly ) ... ¥ou be a good worker , viktor . eo Karl leave . viktor pull out the two twenty dollar bill , + jook at they , smile , take another bite of he sandwich and wander over to the unfilled hole in the middle of the New wing walkway that he see when he first arrive . it 's become a make - shift garbage dump ... old paint can , drink container , discard building material .. a idea be form in he mind . int . baggage claim area - later vik or , take some thing out cf he bag on the carousel , spot mulroy as he emerge f.om che baggage claim security door at the far end , wear plain clothes . he look like he 's on he way home . as viktor look up he notice a couple of police officer casually milling around . viktor sense something be wrong . ~ he stand up , see sco lulroy 's lame labrador , be put into a cage by two hand on the other side of a nearby partition . | @ he turn around , he eye hep no one of the policeman '' mouth something surrept omy into a radio as he - discreetly track mulroy ey way across the hall ... viktor hurry towards mulroy . spot he , smile . viktor ( angry ) a you lose my bag again . ~ mulroy what the hell be you talk about ? viktor start to throw a fit . viktor iitve have it with you , mulroy . ( a whisper ) they be wait for you . to mulroy what ? viktor fight with I . viktor push he . mulroy mpush back ) damn right , I be go to fight with you . the policeman watch the exchange , confuse . viktor do not push I . ( whisper ) they know . mulroy begin to sense the policeman now too . viktor ( whisper ) give it to I . they will not stop I . he push mulroy again . viktor ~ ( angrily ) everything I h$ye in the world be in that bag ! - the policeman be vessnher stir , start to move casually towards they now ... & mulroy I never touch you : bag ! ( whisper , subtly ing ) the phone . they begin to move as they push and shove each other -- mulroy i£ you have get a complaint , go to window c. viktor push he against the phone . viktor why should I go to window C ? you lose my bag . 7 the phone in a flash two tape package be suddenly lodge in the booth alcove . mulroy push viktor back against the booth now . viktor clumsily scoops the package under he coat . mulroy that 's right . find it yourself . several policeman , include they bald sergeant , suddenly surround mulroy . mulroy what ? they start to hustle he away . mulroy what 's you problem , kojak ? move away from the phone , viktor sigh with relief . a dog stare at viktor , look over its shoulder as it 's lead away by the handler . viktor suddenly see mercer and thurman walk toward he . he freeze , look like he want to die . thurman what 's go on , navorski ? we have not see you at th@\counter in day . ee ( sweat busy . 2 thurman nnetice the 's what 's wrong ? too hot be for you ? Cause we can certainly the heat up . a beat . they walk away . int . restroom - later the two package of drug , tape up . viktor stare down at they in he hand . he rip open the package , pour the marijuana into the toilet bowl , flush . viktor emerge from the stall . a hippie back packer be at the sink . he watch viktor in the mirror , notice he hand be cover with bud . viktor wash they . the back packer look at viktor longingly as he leave . int . INTERNATIONAL terminal - day viktor , still shake , walk across the teeming main concourse . opposite he on the other side be the Airport Police Station . just as viktor pass , he see mulroy emerge from a door across the way , two angry - look Airport cop close the door after he . mulroy see viktor . they stand and stare at each other for a moment , mulroy finally mouth the word ' thank you ' . viktor nod back . from above , the two meat , or opposite side of the busy concourse , walk off in opposite direction . int . INTERNATIONAL terminal , gate fifty - night viktor , yawn , arrive back at the end of a very long day . he peel off he overall and fold they up . he turn to he ' bed '. there , on the end of it hi onogramme handkerchief , fold and launder . on top of elia 's biography of napoleon . of viktor open it , inside a in on - ' for viktor , in exile Amelia . " down at the bottom in smaller ee - ' p.s. see page 524 ! viktor look around . the entire gate be empty . not a single noise apart from the distant whir of the clean machine . he trace he finger over she . signature , open the book to the first page ... later the light above he bed out , viktor sleep , he arm clutching the open book on he chest . ~ arrival / departure board more destination flicker to \ife ... Edinburgh ... Rio ... Florence ... lima ... int . INTERNATIONAL terminal - new wing , gate ~ day perch on metal scaffold with a mouth full of nail , viktor hammer in dry -wall . Amelia enter the gate . she look up , watch viktor for a moment . amelia viktor . he turn , manage what pass for a smile . she approach . amelia they say I would find you here . he mumble something , nail in he mouth , take they out . ak beat . he put down he tool . ~ oo : I guess you 6 c have a bad travel agent -- lg > vixtor / of -- I gust do not ay the tell you . amelia CO you lie to I , viktor viktor ( look away ) io -- amelia -- it 's okay . in fact , '' like that you lie to I . he 's confuse . amelia ~ you be not very good at it , viktor . ( beat ) ( more ) amelia it 's the one that be , that be the probiem . viktor I do not think ... ( gesture around the airport , hunt for the word ) .. because of ... this . amelia well , what 's ... wrong with this ? she near he . a beat . amelia there 's nothing to be ashamed of . it 's difficult for he tr accept that . viktor who tell you ? amelia come on , viktor . everyone in the Terminal know about you . ~ viktor look away . shé 's to climb the scaffold . ( nervously ‘ing , help she up the pp ) careful , fresh pain she do not care . zo a beat . amelia nlook down again ) you get a lot of perspective . she smile . viktor 's start to feel a little more relaxed . for a moment they just watch people walk back and forth below they . a very long beat . amelia I guess they do not deliver pizza or anything up here . he smile , take off he paint-spatter smock . viktor allow I . int . terminal , upper concourse - later @ munch on slice of pizza , viktor and Amelia stroll through the upper concourse . people greet and wave at viktor as he pass . she seem to enjoy be with he . viktor everything you could ever want be right here in the Terminal . ( point with he slice below they ) five thousand people work on this three level alone . there be 324 retail outlet , 245 restaurant , a police station , a church , a fire department , a Post Office . even the FBI and the CIA have office in the basement . ; amelia - I have no idea . vibior every nationality every color , every language . T ee world under one roof . e he stop . ° viktor you see it do not ho you be on the outside , everyone oo go through custom and Immigration > in here , everyone 's equal . amelia I have really never think about it like that . beat . she 's about to toss she pizza crust . viktor no , do not . amelia what ? viktor _ ( take she hand ) we be go to the zoo . amelia they have a zoo ? int . quarantine - moment later Amelia and viktor enter the large room fill with animal in cage . the noise be intense . amelia t do not think I have ever smell anything like this before . viktor lead she down to a vast cage at the end of the room . Inside , be about three hundred bright yellow and green canary . amelia they be beautiful . viktor - " °° '' tomorrow they go to the sanctuary in Oslo . ~ they push they pizza in the bar . the bird flock to they , peck away at '' bust . a beat . viktor jy I think I tell you . he look at she , smile -- viktor I have everything I need right here . int . INTERNATIONAL terminal , MAIN partition door - day Amelia stand at the door , viktor beside she . she glance almost guiltily to the exit . amelia I would better get go . viktor I wish I could walk you to the cab . amelia listen , in the morning I fly to San Jose , then to Sao paulc , but when I get back -- '' viktor -- how long ? , amelia ( check she watch ) about eighty six hour . viktor Girls just should not be up that high that long . ame. ia smile . viktor so maybe we could -- amelia - dinner . arrival / departure she kiss he on the cheek , he viktor ( after she ) eighty -six hour ! on the board clock , the minute click over . int . INTERNATIONAL terminal gate fifty - night a paint brush paint over the groove in the wall indicate she month of viktor 's " incarceration " in the airport . viktor smile and settles back in bed . he idly construct a beautiful paper airplane - a mcdonnel Douglas DC 10 , jet and all - make from ' borrow 's fold form from Immigration . arrival / departure board a slew of new destination | appear ... Madrid ... bogota ... Nice ... Seoul ... int . INTERNATIONAL terminal , MAIN concourse - another day we follow viktor as he walk through the main concourse . by now almost everyone who work . in the Terminal know he , acknowledge he with a wave or a ' hello , viktor . 's as he cross the floor smile back at people , it be as if the town Mayor be greeting he constituent on the way to City Hall . int . INTERNATIONAL terminal , various place - day viktor wander through the Terminal pass beneath the information point sign . mistake viktor 's meticulous suit and tie for the uniform of some member of airport personnel - woman I be sorry . do you work here ? '' viktor no. ( glance she ticket ) Gate twenty tw . she leave . another win time with she young child , approach . ° viktor igiance to he ) sixteen . a young man see viktor 's give out information . he approach , do not even say a word before - viktor eighty-four . man I have not show you my ticket yet . viktor you be visit friend or relative in Ho chi Minh City . the man be throw . man how the hell do you know that ? viktor point to the large cannister of coffee the man be carry in plastic bag . viktor coffee shortage . Gate eighty-four . int . INTERNATIONAL terminal - later a overwhelm airport attendant beckon to viktor and hand off a curmudgeonly wheelchair - bound man . the man cuss at the appall service . man in thirty - five year of air travel I have never experience anything remotely like this . viktor thank you very much . int . INTERNATIONAL terminal - day a mother struggle with the coin-slot on the break motorize horse she child sit on ing because it will not move . as viktor pass on he ck towards the new wing he kick the horse in just 2 t place . it begin to rock back and forth ... ° the mother smile at he . o ext / int . INTERNATIONAL termini enance room - later in a good mood , viktor walk past one of the maintenance room , hear the noise of a fight , enter . a pair of cleaners , they mop raise , spar viciously with each other while other cleaners surround they , egging they on . as viktor get closer he realize one of the cleaner be gupta . viktor what be happen here ? cleaner a old grudge . ancient rival from neighbor village -- back in they homeland . the two man fight viciously . ' cleaner the wound be re-opene because gupta go to the movie with sanjay 's girlfriend , pria . viktor step forward , move very close to they . he clear he throat . the cleaner do not even notice he . viktor clear he throat again , loudly this time . still , the cleaner go at it with they mop like craze cock , oblivious . finally , and very loudly - - viktor gentlemen . stop !... please . everyone , include the fight cleaner , freeze , stunne by viktor 's - uncharacterifgic outburst . this be the intéymational Transit lounge . this be a neutral ong > whatever difference you may in the outside world do not matter viktor gently take they mop , they into they bucket and leave . everyone stand there , speechless , watch he go ... int . INTERNATIONAL terminal , new wing - day viktor sit in front of the unfilled hole excitedly sketching something out on a food court napkin . ext . runway -- dawn a el-al airbus three thirty take off with a roar . int . INTERNATIONAL terminal - early morning a red-face viktor , now wear only he underclothes , jog alongside the people mover . after several stride he reach across for the bottle of water that keep pace with he on the move hand -rail . a bemuse maintenance worker watch viktor go by . viktor wave at he , gasp for breath . the Worker just stare at viktor . int . immigration waiting room - morning . without break stride viktor jog up to the window , drop he fill - out immigration card on the counter and keep rumning in a little circle until Officer torres have stamp entry denied on the card . he grab it again and jog away , pick up some blank immigration form as he go . Officer torres watch he leave . int . INTERNATIONAL terminal , refurbished gate - later viktor lift neer niece break stone from the old wail leave in the corner of for pick - up onto Enrique 's food trolley . int . INTERNATIONAL . termin : ma concourse - day viktor unload the piece of 's e& the gape hole . later viktor excavate the mess and garbage inside with a shovel . later liquid concrete pour into the clean base from a mixer . viktor stop the mixer when the base be cover . later the stone piece be laid out in a rough crescent around the half - fill hole . int . first CLASS lounge area ~ night viktor and the surly steward , who prevent viktor 's entry into the Air France Lounge earlier , have a hushed @ conversation . steward this be highly irregular , viktor . viktor I promise . not a word to anyone . a beat . the steward sigh dramatically . steward I be only do this because it 's you . viktor thank you , piexce . a beat before the steward drop some keys into viktor 's hand . steward {after he ) do not make a mess . you know what they ' be like . int . baggage claim viktor , take some thi . . see mulroy approach . ' of viktor mulroy , I need a not on wonder whether - mulroy what be I , a tailor ? you need hector . viktor who ? mulroy basement . int . lost luggage - night instrument case , trunk . ° strange and dark in here . case pile upon case . of he bag on the carousel , skis , ene the farther viktor move inside the place the more it start to resemble some kind of bizarre souk - African drum , musty fur coat in plastic , half a accordion ... voice ( 0.s. ) can I help you ? viktor spin to see the plump , red-haire hector sit behind the dusty counter . he speak with the aid of a tracheal vocal device . it take a while for viktor to say anything . viktor I be viktor navorski . mulroy send I -- hector I know who you be . what do you expect I to do , rell out the red carpet ? viktor that 's okay . hector wnat do you want ? - viktor pause . é& to borrow som ing senart to wear . hector look at he , chink 's ( bw ' ait . hector Li come here , then . let ' qa proper look at you . viktor approach . hector turn he around . hector {grumpily ) what be you , a forty two short ? viktor shrug . int . INTERNATIONAL terminal , MAIN concourse - night Karl and he crew manager stand by the hole , look down at the foundation viktor 's laid . karl what the hell 's go on ? this be just mean to be fill and tile over . the Crew manager check he plan / record . crew manager maybe someone get the wrong instruction ? Karl examine the stone crescent . karl I just do not understand it . crew manager ( nothing about it on he plan ) it 's weird , Karl . like ... druid or something . Karl look up at he like he 's a complete imbecile . ext . gate - night a United Airlines 747 sit at one of the gate . arrival / departure ey . marrakech . .. Prague .. cape town . e@ viktor '' ee wait under the board , worrie pp he watch . so the plane be entirely empty apart from a single passenger sit in first class who 's intensely focuss on he book . int . first CLASS cabin - night amelia . Excuse I . we land twenty minute ago , sir. could you disembark , please ? he ignore she . amelia economy be already be groom , Sir . passenger I will be finish with my book | ina few minute . this be first class . Amelia look at the book he 's read , see he 's get about thirty page to go . amelia normaliy I would not mind stay , Sir , but I have to leave . passenger ( sharp ) be this plane leave right now ? the man noisily flip the page . she just stand there for a moment , consider what to de . finally - amelia Rebecca do not have cancer . it be a misdiagnosis . Danny come back . but he gecide to marry Jane >fter all . : off the passenger 's look . int . terminal , arrival / departure board - night viktor pace , wear the blue pinstripe suit and hat hector leat he . it 's be a long time now . should he leave ? ~ ir { ( 0.s. } sorry . I have st class problem . _ Amelia 's change into a @ dress . she look startlingly beautiful . amelia and we be a hour viktor -- eighty seven hour , twenty four minute ( he watch ) . forty two second . a beat . he look at she properly . viktor you look ... there be not a word good enough . ext . observation deck - night a exquisitely - dress table for two be set up in front of the railing overlook runway six . China plate alongside lufthansa linen napkin , Japan Airlines cutlery and stemware from british caledonian . amelia you really do not have to go to ali this trouble . viktor escort Amelia to she seat , make sure she 's comfortable . viktor thank Enrique . amelia Enrique ? viktor smile , go over to the two heat container warm by candle . viktor Chicken or beef ? a beat . no kosher ? ml viktor check , confuse . S ) or ? amelia jd Chicken 's fine . od viktor offer Amelia a Air France basket fill with a _ Light selection of warm bread . amelia ( pick a croissant ) I love french food . viktor {her croissant ) they be invent in Romania . in 1742 , the Turks invade bucharest , make a surprise attack under the cover of night . but the town baker , work in the early hour , spott 't ? the invader by the light of the moon . they alert the garrison and the Turks be defeat . ( more ) viktor to commemorate the victory and honor he army 's courage , Prince Leopold commission a pastry shape like the moon . he take a huge bite out of it . : viktor ( mouth full , a shrug ) the croissant . ext . observation deck - later the remain of the meal in front of they , viktor get up . he lead she to the edge of the observation deck , overlook the runway . viktor you can see much better from here . a beat . viktor twelve hundred plane a day . ~ of and not one wi ou on it . vero <p ° she look at he . gf amelia ~ D I admire you , viktor . make a life here , be in the situation you be in . but how could you not be angry be stick in the Terminal ? . one day . viktor no time . amelia you do not miss home ? he do not react . he point to the old maintenance Terminal on the other side of the runway . just outside the entran - * , discard piece of old airport equipment , decrepit motorize board ramp , baggage train etc , be clearly visible . viktor that 's where the plane go to die . a beat . he take some blank immigration form , start to fold they together . amelia what 's it like there ? viktor pause ... tear one of the form in two and add the last piece to - the paper plane in viktor 's hand . it 's meticulously construct . she watch viktor expertly adjust the wing , balarce they to exactly the right angle . viktor airbus 330 . viktor take a pen from he pocket , turn away from she to write something on the side . '' amelia . what be ee '' I I play . it 's just a 1xktl ( he shrug ) you can write a ! something you want . someone you marry wish . viktor hurl the plane off the oward the runway . they watch it fly for a moment before 's swallow by the darkness . amelia be it ... something about go home ? viktor -- you be not mean to say . viktor pull a second plane out of he pocket , drop it in she palm . viktor you turn . she examine it . viktor boe 747 , xa4 . cargo capable . he adjust wing and rudder , check it 's ready to fly . viktor catch she gaze again . this time he eye do not skate away so fast . she gesture for the pen now , turn away from he to write something on its side . she hurl it off the edge ... the plane soar . after a few moment it spiral crazily and disappear down towards the runway . a beat . hesitantly - viktor what do you write ? a beat . she put she hand on he ... amelia you be not mean to say . ~ int . lufthansa first C lounge - night the sound of a key turf : a lock . viktor and Amelia enter the plush lounge . viktox < tu on the light . amel ° ntake the plac 3 lufthansa ? cd viktor it be the only key I could get . she absently kick off she shoe , turn to viktor and kiss he . she start move he towards the executive sofa - viktor hold on . rushing to the cupboard above the media console , he pull down some blanket . viktor ~ ( throw one around she ) silk and cashmere . amelia ( feel it ) they think of everything , the Germans . she kiss he again . deeply this time . beautifully ... int . lufthansa lounge - dawn through the lounge window , the first imprint of morning . cobalt - blue against the horizon . viktor and amelia wrap in blanket on the floor . in the half - light , viktor wake , be able to make out Amelia do something , trace the contour of he palm , fingertip run over microscopic line , earefully slowly , exactly ... after a moment - viktor ( a whisper ) what be you do ? she look back at he , smile . ~ we es memorize she stop , turn to he - ° amelia ( a ) I guess it 's just 1 : pow High Club . a beat . viktor only lower . she laugh , kiss he again . she reach over to the complimentary duty free cigarettes , light one for each of they . she look at he for a long beat . amelia viktor , there 's a family friend of mine , a lawyer . ( more ) amelia ( cont ! d) I tell he about you , about you situation . he have friend in Immigration . a beat . amelia he say there may be a way for you to get out of the airport . viktor how ? amelia he might be able to persuade they to issue you with a weekend pass . viktor absorb this - vikior I do not know . amelia you could get out of here , viktor . at least talk to he ? viktor look at he '' oe up . the first pas io twenty minute . bonn. ° she watch as he start to hf ext . runway - later iorn flight to a sabena Air DC 9 take off . int . immigration arrival hall - day a maintenance worker erect a plastic-look christmas tree in the far corner . it be incongruous in the stark surroundings . int . INTERNATIONAL transit lounge , MAIN concourse - day Christmas carol pipe out of the Airport PA . a crush of harry passengers , flight crews and Terminal staff . the place be absolutely teeming ... a drunken santa , ring he bell , sip indiscreetly at a flask . int . terminal , MAIN floor - day gupta , listen to he tape - up headphone at maximum volume , mop with he usual focus and intensity outside the restroom . after he 's complete the area in front of the door , he put ' caution , wet floor - slippery ' sign around it . int . first CLASS lounge area - day Enrique deliver trays of festive hot appetizer to the Air France lounge . as he drop they on a counter in the kitchen area he see a case of dom perignon just sit there . he stare at the bottle for a moment then up at Pierre , the lounge steward , through the hatch , chat away with a passenger . Enrique look back at the bottle , hesitates ... then leave . _int . INTERNATIONAL terminal , MAIN concourse - night sweating , viktor work at a piece of stone with a hammer and chisel . of architectural blueprint . there 's nothing akéuk fountain on the blueprint . o. 3d karl arrive , carryin viktor ( study they ) you be right . karl I talk to payroll . why be not you on they list . ( a beat ) who be you ? viktor viktor navorski . karl well , whoever you be , you be fire . viktor I be not hire . crew manager he 's right . to be fire , you have to be hire first . it stand to reas -- karl ~- shut up , Brian . viktor you do not have to pay I . Karl try to make sense of it - karl why be you do this ? a beat . viktor look at he - viktor it 's what I do . Karl look at the skilled cornice work that 's already be complete '' 6 én the base , consider viktor once more . he walk away . 2 . int . bye - bye bar - nig ! viktor , Amelia and mr. , a surprisingly tan lawyer in clash gucci , sit in oxé wfcthe booth have a drink . ~ kebakian slide a envelope a os table to viktor . mr. kebaki . there it be . a weekend pass . you will be a free man by next Friday . as if suddenly overwhelm by the spirit of he own largesse , kebakian look over at Amelia , smile - mr . kebakian do not ask I how I do it . viktor open the envelope , look at the pass inside with he name on it . mr . kebakian it 's all in there . all you do be present it with you passport at the Immigration desk no later than 6 pm next Friday . Amelia be clearly excited . amelia you can leave the Terminal , viktor . mr . kebakian ( lean in , conspiratorial ) and when you do not come back after the weekend ... he let the implication sink in , start to chuckle . he tap the uncomfortable viktor on the shoulder - kebakian God bless America , eh ? as kebakian heave out of the booth , viktor 's half ~ blind by he gererously - bejewel cartier . amelia ( get up , kissing he ) thank you , gogan . viktor - thanks7 — as he shake viktor 's ae he slip he he card . when you need '' ork papers , you call I . 2 he leave . gy , viktor 9 how do you know he ? amelia he get a Green Card for my cousin chilita . a beat . amelia do not worry ... it 's go to be great . but viktor do seem worried . she move closer , take he hand . amelia it 's just like - the Terminal out there , viktor . only better . there 's more of it . you can walk around . breathe real air . t ( more ) amelia ( cont 'd ) you do not have to eat a hot pretzel under a plastic tree in the food court , you can eat one under a plastic tree on the eo corner of fifth Avenue ! think about it . ( she near he , finger touch he ) we could visit the statue of Liberty every day if we want to . viktor where would I stay ? amelia with I , of course . she pause . amelia I be not try to put you undex pressure , viktor , because there be not any . I be just ... really look forward to spend time with you . she look up at he - . and who know , se could happen ? . e@ her meaning be clear . a very long beat . ° viktor og in here , they know wag out there ... she search he expression , the pain look in he eye ... - amelia leok at what you have do in here . imagine what you could de outside . she kiss he on the cheek , get up to go . he watch she leave . at the door she turn back - she disappear into the swarm of passengers in the main concourse : ' ukranian , iranian , macedonian , kenyan , kiwis ... his gaze return to the envelope on the table . he slip it into he pocket . int . INTERNATIONAL terminal , MAIN concourse - day viktor continue work . we see now it 's a beautiful three - tier fountain . in the background and just out of earshot of eo viktor , Karl argue with he boss , larabee . the fountain under construction be now the only sign of work still go on in the Terminal . larabee we be mean to be out of here by now . karl he 's nearly finish . larabee = do not care . karl he 's the best worker we have get . larabee he 's not a worker . he 's a vagrant . karl — i '' he 's still the best . let he finish he work . look , daoe . look at it . it 's a piece of art . @ it 's a goddamn septin . it 's a goddamn meet gn. untain . larabee so what if it 's beautiful . he glance at viktor , then back at Karl . a beat . larabee okay . one week . larabee leave . Karl , beam , call after he - karl you be a patron of the art now . larabee a what ? Karl wave he on , laugh , turn back to watch viktor work a moment before take off in another direction . arrival / departure board dare salaam ... Rio ... leningrad ... Dublin ... we see the date friday the 6th - 4.48 pm int . INTERNATIONAL terminal , gate fifty - night viktor lay out he twenty or so different TRAVEL kit belong to every airline from klm to jal to saa ... viktor stop he organize a moment , look out through the glass at the desolate runway . int . lost luggage area - day hector slide some fresh clothes across the counter to viktor . - hector all the rage this day . viktor look down at the Bright red ravé pant and match shoe ( circa 1988 ) , take they with a smile . int . INTERNATIONAL te : upper level , supercut - day viktor stare . at himsel kin mirror as a super - fast supercut stylist cut , és and mould viktor 's hair ° all at the samé time . at the stained curtain zo that divide the New wing from thi viktor gaze at he - est of the Transit lounge , unfinished fountain a look of regret on he face - a feel of unfinish business . int . immigration desk - day viktor watch other passenger make they way through the immigration channel . he look down at the pass in he hand . it 's tremble ... finally he join the line . he 's never get near the front of a line in here so quickly . viktor 's closer to the door than he 's ever be . viktor hand officer torre he weekend pass . torres look over the paperwork , seem surprised that it 's bona fide , stamp it . officer torre welcome to the United States . see you on Monday . ( lean closer , a beat ) good-luck , viktor . freedom be only a few foot away if he will take it . but viktor freeze , for the first time stare properly out into the MAIN terminal Friday rush-hour . a deafen noise of craze , angry travellers push in and out of the front door out onto the sidewalk ... cab honk , policemen whistling , pan - handlers fight , new yorker jostling and shove like mad - sfe at she most fierce and frenzied , beyond ... manhattan loom like some stran '' a million light pierce the fall darkness . '' Zs amelia ° push through the crowd monn or , wave a bunch of flower above she head . viktor see she . a large pakistani family suddenly obscure he view . the passenger behind , bump into he passenger keep move , asshole ! amelta watch , concerned . she gesture , ' come on '.. viktor try to move 's but he can not . he look back over he shoulder into the calm sanctuary of the Transit lounge . he turn back to she ... a tense beat ... before he spin around and head back inside ... torre ( watch he ) viktor ! int . MAIN terminal - day from behind , we watch Amelia walk away , drop the flower into a overflow trash can as she leave ... various shot of the Airport - bag spin on carousel . .. luggage cart line up wait for passenger ... individual portion of airline food splurge onto trays on a move production line . arrival / departure board lima ... Cancun ... manilla ... tahiti ... int . baggage claim area - later viktor walk in , it 's pandemonium . a fussily - dress woman passenger , hold a box mark ' fragile ' , be tear into mulrey 's new deputy , spi - 30 , bandana , enough gold - tooth to be declare a officz sset . viktor watch as - es pass : br can not you read , stu t's a two thousand dollar lali ese . spink sorry , dawg - mulroy - ntake over , see she look of horror ) -- it 's he first day on the job , mar 'am . I be still training he -- passenger -- you have tc train he to read the word ' fragile ' ? I demand to speak to you supervisor . a beat . mulroy I be the supervisor . as she start hurl outrage abuse , viktor slink away ... int . nondenominational airport chapel - day like some sort of science fiction dental wait room . the high wall be bright white . the floor be shiny and spotless . the simple elegant decor be design not the offend any parochial sensibility . viktor kneel on he individual prayer pod - also white - with he eye close and hand clasped together . aman ( 40s ) approach and kneel down on the prayer pod next to viktor . after a minute , he glance nervously at viktor . man do you mind if I talk to you ? viktor do not answer . man - sometimes it hi 3 to talk to someone you be never L to see . again , you know . Z> viktor-finally turn to ° : man 7 I always go to chur - year . the man move almost uncomfortabl ' lose to viktor . man usually with my wife . ( a long beat ) turn out she do not love I . the truth be I know she do not love I . ( a beat ) I know it when we be walk down the aisle . I know she do not and that she be probably marrying I for ... different reason and I just think ... the man bow he head . man I think over time she would learn to love I the way I love she . now she 's leave . I want to make it work , somehow .. . but I could not . I do not know ... the man stare into viktor 's eye . man you can not make someone love you , can you ? after a few reflective beat , the man get up to go . man thank you . viktcc watch the man walk away vefore look up through the skylight - the perfect blue sky the peace be shattered as a jet loudly cross into view . int . terminal , UNITED desk - day sxiy abandon desk where a female 7s into she computer . viktor approach the not supervisor 's input a x kro I wonder if yoy - po id tell I - what elight Amelia sane a ) come in on ? a beat . ly supervisor 2d Amelia sanchez ... ( check a list ) . I think she ... transfer to Newark . she start back on she computer again . viktor leave . supervisor ( uncertainly ) be you , viktor ? he pause ... supervisor ( rummage in a drawer } she leave something for you . she hand he a letter . int . gate fifty - night @ . viktor sit back to read the hand - write note . he open it - amelia ( 0.s. } dear viktor , I guess when the homeless guy will not come home with you , you start to take a look at you life . I do not mean to joke . = realize now how selfish it be of I to think you would give up the chance of see you family again . even though you never say it , I know how much you have always long to be with they . viktor stcp read , look out across the runway again . amelia ( 0.8 . ) I suppose I just wish you and I have the chance to come home to each other ... Amelia . int . INTERNATIONAL terminal , MAIN concourse - day with of pay tv 's . he look ' awful , play to a empty seat ... e ( 0.8 . ) g accord in settling the border between the’ Zastern european pri’ ity cause much jubilation here t the diplomatic rank this morf . viktor 's image slowly blur as we find the screen a bundle - up reporter speak to camera as he wait outside the Ministry of affair in Paris , diplomat bustling into the building behind he . CNN reporter ( 0.s. ) but for many thousand across the troubled region the open of the border tonight mean a chance to once again taste the freedom that have be so unceremoniously deny they for twelve long month . . int . INTERNATIONAL terminal - day viktor sleep next to he fountain , a piece of painter 's canvas as he blanket , a chisel still in he hand ... mulroy appear . mulroy ( 0.s. ) hey ! mulroy shake he awake , smile . mulroy get up , man . look like you prayer have be answer ! bleary -ey , viktor look up at he , puzzle . - int . the bye bye bar - mulroy pull a delirious 4 inside . the barman watch the tv , laugh at the p uéstle on a Morning talk show . ° mulroy @ ) {to the barman ) lf put it on CNN . CD barman who the hell be you ? mulroy Change it . the barman be frighten enough to do so . on the tv jubilant local celebrate in the town square we see earlier , wave into the camera . CNN reporter throughout the principality , people be take to the street tonight to celebrate . soldier a convoy of tank , leave town , wave good - bye . CNN reporter and already talk of reparation for the harm do to indigenous local industry have cause many in the region to believe that a renew period of economic prosperity may be just around the corner . mulroy shake viktor . mulroy look at they . he see viktor 's ambivalence - ~ mulroy what the pr with you , man ? viktor look up at thi os . excite face ° on the screen . finally , he it , mulroy 9d ( hit he ) get out of my Terminal , you balkan bastard ! the jubilant cheer of the local on tv become the cheer of - viktor' friend int . INTERNATIONAL terminal , lufthansa lounge - night gather around to say good - bye - mulroy , Enrique , hector , Karl , Daniels , gupta , larabee , Pierre . assorted other airport worker , tickete people and Immigration secretary milling about too . viktor stand under some balloon and a banner say ' bon voyage ' . people come up and congratulate viktor . he shake hand and smile ... but there 's something about he expression that 's off . int . interview room - morning mercer break the seal on viktor 's file , hand back he ticket . mercer this only permit you to return home . you visa to enter the United States expire nine month ago . viktor look at he ticket . viktor I understand . as viktor walk out the open door - mercer ( not look at he ) good-bye , viktor . int . INTERNATIONAL termbyal , departure gate - day mulroy wait at the gat , viktor to appear . p : cement this be the fim rding call for lot Air Flight 245 todKeakew . will all passenger please ix way to gate forty - four immediate '' the arrival / departure board more flight be announce ... bombay ... Venice ... Amsterdam ... nairobi ... ...- the last column ' good luck viktor ! . ext . runway six - day the lot DC - 10 accelerate with a mighty roar as it lift into the sky . int . baggage claim area - later mulroy arrive with a empty luggage cart . he look across to carousel seven , see - viktor' black suitcase still spin on it . int . immigration area , terminal - day mercer arrive for work . viktor see he come , hide ... int . INTERNATIONAL terminal , concourse / wing - late at night mulroy duck behind the curtain to the new wing . he stop at the sight of - viktor in he work overall , carefully apply finish touch to the second tier of he fountain . mulroy just study viktor froma distance for a moment . sense someone 's there , >¥iktor turn , spot mulroy make he way over to he , regi to he work . a beat . mulr ° I get to hand it to no a year early for you fligh ! geyou still manage to miss it . viktor do not answer , gesture for mulroy to please hand he a fresh can of sealant . he do . mulroy I do not understand you , viktor . a beat . mulroy close in , try to make viktor face he . mulroy what about you family ? have you think about they ? . viktor calmly continue with he work , expertly coating the underside of a tricky corner . @ mulroy maybe they miss you , viktor . viktor still will not respond or look at he . mulroy because I know you miss they . viktor no. mulroy look , man , I see you when you first arrive . you call they . I see you ery . finally , viktor 's eye meet he . viktor ( matter-of - tact ) I be cry because I have no - one to call . mulroy I do not understand ... ( the memo : replaying in '' he mind ) .- but I see ww vv! 0 ! there be no - on line . nlook at mulroy ; no one 's wait of this be my home . he other end of the mulroy this be a airport . viktor I come to this country to make a new life . ( a beat ) I do not expect to find it here . mulroy no , viktor . nobody start a new life in a transit lounge . everyone hate it here . because one way or another they know they be stick . people only work here because they have to . as soon as they have get the chance to get out , they do ... because this be a airport , viktor . ( more ) — ave mulroy ( gesture ) look around , I mean look at the goddam carpet for Christ 's sake , this whole . @ place be a nightmare . viktor not to I . ' mulroy it do not make sense , viktor . viktor step down from the tier , screw the cap back on the sealant . when viktor speak now , it be from another place - viktof I be a builder in my hometown . I be commission to build a new school . people trust I . the whole town trust I . everyone feel I be the only man for the job . I be honore . we start work but there be many delay . I tell they we be could not complete the building in time but they insisted - the school have to be ready ... so we ked day and night until it be done. I . the whole town , everyone , cof : ted I on my magnificent jak . d never feel more @ proud . ° viktor stop , he voice noni barely a whisper . viktor D a month later the rain ' caéme , and the wall face the hill ... ( he word spill out ina panic ) --+ in we hurry we do not make the foundation strong enough . the rain weaken it . the wall collapse . a child be kill . tatiana . viktor 's expression , haunt by the memory . viktor I go to she family 's house and see she body . she stare at I ... and stare at I . I try to explain ... but nothing be the same after that . viktor bow he head . a long beat . viktor when I arrive here , I know I be never go back . mulroy look at viktor , at the fountain he 's building ... it 's all start to make sense . int . INTERNATIONAL terminal , new wing - dawn the morning begin to glow over the runway . viktor , alone , look out across they , he eye heavy . he turn to he fountain . there 's no more he can do . he just hope it 's good enough ... he walk back over to it , and take he chisel , very discreetly engrave a name into the scroll work ... ' tatiana 's arrival / departure board a slew of new destination ... marrakech ... addis _ ababa . .. Sydney ... Vienna ... ext . runway - day ~ a aer lingus jumbo lifz roar - int . INTERNATIONAL term sit lounge - day viktor , shave and dress now ss across the main concourse , nodd acknowledge 's SF people he recognize . some appear surprised , though ple still in the Terminal . ntly so , that viktor be gupta spot viktor and take off he headphone - gupta you do the right thing , viktor . viktor stop . gupta you would miss it here . {a shrug ) certain people might have miss you . he start on he way again , slip he headphone back on . gupta not I , of course . viktor continue on . gupta turn to watch as a beautiful asian stewardess approach viktor and hand he a thai Air Club class Travel kit on the way to she gate . int . gate fifty - day viktor inspect he newly refurbish gate - enrique ( 0 . S. } danair pork dumpling . viktor turn . Enrique be hold out a tray . enrique they have only come from orly . vikter gratefully accept it , examine he meal ... a beat . ( not lo he ) you speak to a beat . fd enrique y the first time I see D know you be a lifer like the be of we . oturn to go ) oh , I nearly forget . they need you over at the fountain . some kind of thing with , I do not know , the plumbing ... viktor hastily put down the tray . viktor why do not you tell I ? Enrique shrug as viktor grab he jacket and leave . int . INTERNATIONAL terminal , MAIN concourse - day a agitate viktor rush around the corner . we see the complete fountain it 's stun , even against the modern surroundings . Karl come into view . viktor ( reach the fountain ) Karl , what be it ? karl nothing . you would better take a look at this . Karl signal to one of the Puerto rican worker around the corner -- the fountain turn on and jet of water shoot prettily into the air . viktor amaze . ( oo . 8 . ) the plumbing ike I say . he turn to see Enrique , gypfa , mulroy and dozen or so of he co-worker behind he , '' qfati ly surround he . larabee push to the front , offer d to viktor . a nod of acknowledgement to vik : fountain - larabee every airport should have a viktor navorski . from behind he back , he produce a BOX with a bow around it . viktor open it . Inside there 's a pair of new white work overall with ' viktor ' embroider over the breast pocket . larabee we be start work on the East concourse next week , nmorei larabee ( like it 's no big deal ) it would mean a raise of course . look up from he gift , viktor finally smile . viktor you do not have to pay I . a beat . karl you be badly fuck - up , viktor . viktor thank you . viktor surround by the smile face of he friend . he look up at the fountain again . it 's almost too much for he to take in . people pat viktor on the back . - worker # 1 look like thespoor baby 's gomma cry : . need a kleene vi more laughter as viktor se 2 for - consciously , wipe a tiny tear from he eye . CO , int . observation deck - same oo ) two new officer drink coffee on they break . - first officer ithe happy little group in the distance ) who 's that guy they be have the party for ? second officer I do not know . ( look more closely ) but I like what they have do with that fountain . they toss they cup and leave . hundred of coin dot the bottom of the fountain now . ext . runway - night a aix mozambique 727 brake hard as she touch down on the : way oo . : : ce on of int . INTERNATIONAL terminal - night viktor , wear he new overall , walk back home through the main concourse . as various airport personnel pass he in quick succession , he greet each of they with a short wave er nod - . sanitation worker hey , vik . o woman cleaner good-night , viktor . custom officer _. manana , navorski . viktor stop to stare out the window at runway Seven . a moment of reflection , a hint in viktor 's expression that something . somewhere inside he be not right ... a cleaning vehicle emerge through a ey that lead to the outside runway <> at ° the driver stop he cart just , of viktor , who , still in he own world , watch the ambique 727 taxiing past the window towards its gat the driver of the clean vehicle jump out , duck into a restroom nearby . the loud . PA announcement of the flight 's arrival break viktor 's reverie . he start on he way again . pass the clean vehicle , he pause , half - glimpsing something in one of the open bag of rubbish collect from the runway . he move closer , uncertain ... as he near it , its form become more distinct -- a mangle paper airplane it 's the plane he make for Amelia , the one she throw off the observation deck . viktor pull it out , wipe off the dirt , examine it . a beat . viktor 's eye be dark , he expression break . int . INTERNATIONAL terminal , east concourse - day a brush mechanically paint a section of wall . viktor work without feel , and by the absent look on he face , seemingly without consciousness either . on viktor 's brush again as it slowly cross the border over onto the adjoin wall and absently paint a messy crooked line across it . viktor put he brush back into the paint , move the can over to start work on the next section . one of the Puerto rican work nearby notice the crooked line on the wall - puerto rican worker viktor , you see what you do ? viktor stop , look at ting mistake he 's just make . of vv : ( 4 shrug ) good enough . ° he continue work . the othe rs exchange worried glance . int . gate fifty - night Enrique drive he food trolley towards viktor 's seat . he take a couple of extra trays of food from it , turn to set they down in the usual place . enrique you be gonna love this , vik . one word . alital ~ - he stop , see the three trays of untouched food . int . INTERNATIONAL terminal , bathroom - day a razor against a neck as it move slowly up a lather chin . the razor leave a couple of bloody nick in its trail . tiny piece of toilet paper be use to blot they . the sound of run water as the razor be clean . int . bathroom - later finger fasten the top button of a crisp white shirt ... pull a plain black belt with a polished buckle through the waist loop of a pair of press trousers ... fold a plain brown tie over and guide it up to the neck ... slip the sleeve of a fray jacket over a white shirt ... shine the tip of polished black leather shoe with a Kiwi travel kit pad ... viktor * stare at himself in the mirror for quite a long time . he be dress exactly the same as when he arrive . int . INTERNATIONAL terminal , immigration counter - day viktor walk past the desert counter , discreétly push a small brown package rege the open hatch . it 's address - ' mere : int . baggage area - 2 close on viktor 's black ' su ac one of on the carousel . nearby , we hear mulroy argue bh one of he co-worker - mulroy ( 0 : 7s just take a little more ‘eare , spink . how would you like it if I do that to you suitcase ? spink ( 0.s. ) be you shitting I , mulroy ? mulroy ( 0.s. ) that could be my mother 's case . spink ( 0.5 . ) you mother 's never leave nassau County . mulroy { o. 5 . ) looky here , spink -- a hand be reach for viktor navorski 's suitcase , seemingly in slow motion -- mulroy ( spin instinctively ) do not touch that , it belong -- he see viktor all dress up , grab he bag off the carousel for the first time . mulroy viktor , be you okay ? without replying viktor turn and walk out of the baggage claim area , hold he bag . . mulroy do you see that ? he just tock he bag off the carousel ! spink - ( slowly , l$ke he 's a idiot ) be not that wi eyire mean to do ? 0 shut up ! | ntear off 'k ves ) Christ . mulroy chase viktor who 's arse qing rapidly up the escalator . int . INTERNATIONAL terminal , transit lounge - day viktor march down the middle . of the incredibly long concourse . hesitate at the top of the escalator a moment , mulroy watch viktor pass the Main partition door to he leave , head for the far end where we can just about make out sign for the New wing 's restricted security area guard by two immigration officer . 's 5 ite beginge to play over the PA , softly echoing throughout the concrete concourse -- Le gupta be clean a patch of floor just in front of Williams sonoma . gupta hey , viktor . viktor continue past he . strange . gupta look up , see viktor 's head straight towards the Security Area at the far end . mulroy pass gupta now too , follow viktor , gesture towards the bag viktor 's hold in he hand - gupta spot it , shrug to mulroy as if to ask ' what the hell 's goin , on ? ' mulroy shrug back , he have not a clue , gesture for gupta to follow he ... viktor stride ahead , glance passenger in - he path , a look of unflinch resolve in he eye . gupta scoot up ahead , pass mulroy , pull he mop-cart up alongside viktor . what 's wrong th viktor still do not react . psi he , try to get a response ... Zo gupta } ( notice the guar whisper ) what be you do , you balkan nutbag ? viktor pick up the pace , make a b-line for the two security guard now share a danish and a joke in front of the Security Area up ahead . gupta gesture back to mulroy , point to he head - viktor 's go mental . try as best he can not to draw attention , mulroy catch up to viktor now ... - mulroy {a harsh whisper ) '' viktor . they will take you to , the detention Center . viktor . viktor ignore he . mulroy you think you be just go to walk out of here ? viktor ( serene ) yes . he pull ahead of mulroy , the tchaikovsky get louder all the time , punctuate the ballet of escape - karl appear at the top of another escalator . karl : you be late , navorski . where the hell -- viktor shoot straight past he too . Karl look back to see gupta quietly shaking he head , mulroy ' casually ' trail too , try to figure out what to do next . Karl regards mulroy , '' on viktor , then the Guards up ahead . he understand . quietly , inte he radio ly oe I need a partition 4 i lies of the gap . level three . gupta , cover viktor 's flank , asl two custom guard , come in from a side angle , on a collision course with viktor . : he expertly scatter a trio of caution - wet floor sign across the concrete like a spread of mine , block they path ... officer ( he foot touch one } what 's the problem ? gupta furiously mop the floor right in front of they . copta vomit . infect . {beat} heroin addict . ed blie the Guards step back , sicken . gupta you would better take level two . the Guards turn back towards the escalator . viktor be only fifty foot away from the secure area now , knuckle white as they clench the bag . as the tchaikovsky deepen and intensify , some airport staff - sanitation people , flight crews , store worker - stop where they be or emerge from doorway , sense the surge of activity in the Terminal , they eye somehow draw to -- viktor trail almost comedically by mulsoy , gupta and Karl who continue whisper surreptitious instruction into -his radio , De two store worker shudder when they see - ~ the female custom ree Enrique flirt with emerge from a office door across the concourse dirgct cross from viktor . she see viktor , the look of de ination on he face , sense something strange may be goin lye just as the think JI be form -- brake loudly in front of she , block she view of viktor . a smile Enrique spring out , present the agent. with a china plate of petit four from he top compartment - a food cart enrique warm Zambuca truffle . Air maroc. ( sexily ) I think you might ... agent {theif pungent aroma entice she ) on I should not . i be work . enrique ( a wink , gently nibble one himself ) I too . the store worker sigh with relief as Enrique 's tactic work . viktor be only foot from the door now -- from above we observe the final movement of the ballet as Karl peel off to the leave and mulroy to the right , gupta mop with Olympic ferocity direc -ly behind viktor , provide close cover . Karl whistle over to the danish-munch guard , draw they attention momentarily away while the partition , carry by Karl 's worker , sweep in behind , elegantly disguise viktor 's entry into the restrict area . the alarm gges off - mulroy ly . grab a large tumi cff 's japanese man 's trolley heave it into the AIR . it smash aight through the concourse window cause another 4 & xing the first , to sound . the confuse guard , civenind fl ear at the deafen racket , rush over to the smashe plow , look down at the bag on the runway below they . mulroy appear , hold he hand out in ' shock 's . mulroy just slip right out of my hand . viktor have reach the last door at the end of the long corridor now . the alarm continue to blare as viktor smashes open a circuit box , deftly rewiring it ... the exit door Springs open . viktor walk through it and step outside -- ext . the other side of the door - continuous viktor inhale deeply , choke on all the fresh air . he look up inte the sky , squinting , sunlight brilliant against he pale face . he start off towards the runway , gradually pick up speed ... int . electronics room - continuous the alarm be blaring in here too . Daniels , supervise a bank of screen , see viktor run towards the runway on security camera six . she freeze . mercer rushes into the control room . ~ where 's that ming from ? almost without even kno 's do it , Daniels quickly push a button and the 2 m the screen show viktor change to a different come = oy show - a empty stretch of runway vore 9 false alarm . I will have engineering check it out . mercer look at she , leave ... int . INTERNATIONAL terminal - day gupta and Enrique help mulroy clean up the glass . look exchange . behind they the Security Guards try and figure out what just happen . they know something do , ~ they just can not quite put they finger on it . a beat . mulroy address he friend - mulroy he be the only one who ever have a chance of get out of here . the think resonate . they all stop what they be do ... ext . runway - continuous viktor , run now , make he way across a bank of thick , trash - cover grass towards the runways , wind blow he coat up around he ear . from a distance we watch as viktor , a speck against this vast open vista , make he across the runway . a 747 be about to land . at the last minute the jumbo see he , bank hard back up with a deafen roar . the gale force wind from the jet nearly knock viktor over . look back over he shoulder as the plane lift back into the sky - ~ vibdor '' " . on time , Delhi viktor head across no se towards the old maintenance terminal up ahead . ° arrive desperately out of by he jump into the Driver 's seat of a old motorize bo . icle park in the mouth of the hangar . no key . he reach under the dash , fiddle , the ancient engine splutter to life . viktor slam the dilapidate vehicle into reverse , turn with a screech and drive straight across the remain runway towards the far perimeter wall careen madly up and down the grassy verge between the runway ... on the final runway a airbus land only a few foot ahead of he ... it 's not far now ... viktor floor it ... a at the wall viktor maneuver the ramp into exactly the right position , jump out of the cab and clanks noisily up the step . pause at the top , he look back -- the terminal the place he live in for so long . the place that be he home . viktor smile . it be just a airport . he jump down a overgrown knoll to freedom ... viktor welcome to the United States , Mr. navorski . int . transportation station - later viktor busy a ticket at a window . ext . transportation terminal , BAY sixteen - night a bus pull into the ne viktor be the last in line . as the other passenge viktor check he reflection in the silver siding of fe he straighten he tie , Le adjust he coat and walk couple of stair up into the bus . the door close behin the Bus reverse out . we see mgomic on the front - newark the transfer Bus drive away . we follow it as the Terminal begin to fade into the background . int . bus - dusk it 's get dark outside . viktor sit in the last row . he stare out the window at the distant city whose light seem to stretch out across the horizon into infinity . rain smash against the window now ... in the far distance , the statue of Liberty . viktdr press he face against the glass . the statue 's light - beautiful , distort through the heavy rain . ge > viktor pull back , wipe he face with the handkerchief from he top pocket . int . INTERNATIONAL terminal , observation deck - day a log jam of people in the immigration hall . the noisy chatter of a hundred different language - from swahili tc waray - waray and Tajik to cantonese . at the far end mercer and thurman stand on a observation platform , look down on the multi-color sea of humanity . Daniels appear . daniel this come for you , sir. she hand he the brown package viktor leave at the front . mercer open it - the biography of napoleon he read the inscription - ' to viktor , in exile ... Amelia . ' baffle , he stare at thurman , then back at the book again . it do not make any sense . he notice the -smaller lettering see page 524 . ' down at the bottom ' p he flip the book ope : the dbodkmark - viktor 's the chapter head escape from elba ..- the realization hit he . 2 he calmly look down onto the Immigration hall again , at the hundred pour through the door ... ext . newark airport - night viktor exit the bus and gaze up at the terminal sign - " newark - departure . " int . departure terminal door part to find polished leather shoe stand at the doorway to the main Terminal concourse . @ sae the noise of the pack Terminal hit as passenger , in they hurry to make it through here as quickly as possible , stream and swirl around he but somehow viktor remain unruffled , at peace . at last , he step across the thresnold into the Terminal and start to walk ... the camera drift down to the paper airplane grip tightly in he hand ... write on it in badly smudge ink ...' viktor ' . we pull up and watch he go ... the crowd swallow he , until finally and far away ... a tiny speck in the distance ... viktor disappear ... ve