'' lowlife '' write by kosta k . copyright kosta kondilopoulos kostak@kostak.com lowlife fade in : int . ritchie 's apartment / live room - night rain trickle down the window . a flash of lightning light the room . the couch be fold out into a bed . a beautiful , naked blonde be stretch out across it , asleep . ritchie boland , late 30 's , not the biggest guy around , but rock -solid , stand in the small kitchen a few foot away . his face be stick in a permanent frown . he take sip of he coffee and admire she from the counter . the sheet barely cover she moonlit curve . he walk over and tuck she in . ext . dark alley - night it 's pour rain . ritchie 's car squeeze between the building . its headlight can barely make it through the downpour . int . ritchie 's car - traveling ritchie drive . sammy '' two - ball '' , late 30 's , sit in the passenger seat . his skeletal feature drape in shadow . sammy look at this shit . what we do for money , eh ritchie ? ritchie 's eye go to the rearview mirror . ext . dark alley they stop . int . ritchie 's car ritchie kill the engine . sammy look out at the rain . sammy check it out . ext . dark alley ritchie get out . the rain be relentless . he 's soak instantly . the lightning help he inspect he surroundings . the building have they back to he . he look up at the fire escape ... nothing . int . ritchie 's car ritchie drop into he seat . he shake off the cold rain . some of it land on sammy . sammy Jesus ! ritchie sorry , sammy . sammy pat the drop away . ritchie blow into he freezing hand and bury they into he wet pocket . sammy this motherfucker better be on time . we be gonna drow out here . ext . dark alley the rain pummel the car . int . ritchie 's car Water stream down the window as they wait . ritchie shake to keep warm , he hand still in he pocket . sammy stare into the dark storm . sammy the vulture be circle , ritchie . ritchie look at he . sammy some asshole cop be try to push I into a corner . he turn to ritchie . sammy Heard he 's toss deal to my people , wait for a bite . ritchie do not break eye contact . thunder break the silence . sammy do he talk to you ? ritchie no . sammy no ? sammy 's hand come up from he side hold a gun . sammy should I ask again ? ritchie you 'o 1ll get the same answer . sammy study ritchie 's face . sammy if I find out you so much as wave to that prick , ritchie ... I be gonna turn you pretty , little blonde girlfriend into a redhead , I swear to God . ritchie 's eye turn cold . sammy and you ? I be gonna hang you by a power line like a old pair of sneaker . I have do worse for less . ritchie be a statue . sammy you think I be scared of you ? ( long , uncomfortable beat ) look I in the eye , ritchie ... look I in the eye and tell I you be not -- bang ! bang ! bang ! bang ! smoke and break glass everywhere . sammy crash back into he seat . the rain come through the break window and wash over he . his eye still lock on ritchie . the nose of ritchie 's .45 stick out of a smoking hole in he jacket . ext . dark alley ritchie drag sammy 's body out into the rain . he hurry back to he car and drive away ... lightning ... sammy 's dead eye stare up at the darkness ... thunder . int . hospital / waiting room - night ritchie wake up in a hard chair and a cold sweat . he straighten himself out . the janitor be mop the floor near the coffee machine . a nurse approach . ritchie get to he foot . ritchie still fight ? nurse ( smile ) yes , still fight . ritchie good . nurse would you like to see he ? he take a long look down the hall ... ext . downtown STREET / ritchie 's car - night ritchie 's arm hang out the window . a cigarette smolder between he finger . he throw a glance at the empty passenger seat . the window be intact . he look out at the convenience store across the street . int . convenience store - night ritchie wince at the bright fluorescent as he enter . the clerk watch he as he make he way to the fridge . he pull the door open and grab a large can of beer . he drop the giant can on the counter and reach into he pocket . ritchie smoke ... cheap one . ritchie spot a cute teddy bear on display nearby . he grab it . ritchie this , too . the clerk slide the pack of smoke across the counter and punch up the total . ritchie pull out a few crumpled bill . clerk thirteen fifty . ritchie count the wrinkle paper in he hand . he reach into he pocket for some more ... nothing . he look up at the clerk 's expressionless face . ext . convenience store - night ritchie walk out with only the smoke in he hand . he toss the wrapper away and tuck the pack into he jacket . he look up at the building right next to the store . he head for the entrance . int . apartment build / hallway - night fade wallpaper line the hall . ritchie approach the door at the end of it . he bring he ear to the flaking wood . he hear giggling come from inside . he knock . int . tommy apartment the place be a mess . tommy , a strung - out junky , leave he equally strung - out girlfriend on the couch and head for the door . he trip on a few obstacle on he way there . she take a hit off she pipe . he look through the peephole . tommy shit . hallway ritchie open the door , Tommy . apartment girlfriend ( exhaling ) who be it , baby ? Tommy motion to she to keep quiet . hallway ritchie open up or it 's come down . apartment girlfriend ( whisper ) who the fuck be it ? Tommy put he finger to he lip to shut she up . tommy ( to the door ) okay ! okay ! hold on ! he point to the coffee table . it 's cover in dirty dish , beer bottle , napkin ... she try to figure out what he 's point at and then realize it 's the knife rest on the half - eat pizza . she rush the knife over to he and disappear into the bedroom . Tommy hold the knife behind he sweaty back . he turn the deadbolt . ritchie walk in and take in the scene ... ritchie where 's the girl ? girlfriend ( o.s. ) I be call the fuck cop ! ritchie throw Tommy a heavy look . tommy get out here , baby ! she emerge from the bedroom , tweak and shaking . ritchie do you know why I be here ? they decide to try they luck . tommy no . ritchie take a deep breath and look they both over ... he ram he head into tommy 's nose and send he crash to the floor like a sack of shit . the knife fly across the room . the girl rush to it . she pick it up and point it at ritchie . Tommy thrashes around on the floor , clutching he bleed face . ritchie ( to Tommy ) where be it ? girlfriend leave we alone ! ritchie make he way to the girl . the tip of the blade scrape the lapel of he leather jacket . he study she rag feature ... tear run down she cheek . in a flash , he hand sweep in and grab she wrist . she put up a pretty good fight before let the knife drop . he kick it away . she 's really shaking now . ritchie sit down . she drop into the couch , defeat . he notice some cash on the table . he grab it . he make he way back to Tommy . blood pour from Tommy 's nose . he try to wipe it from he mouth and eye , but it 's everywhere . ritchie look through Tommy 's pocket , but come up short . he give the girl a look before turn Tommy over onto he belly . ritchie drop he knee onto the back of Tommy 's neck and pin he to the floor . ritchie I be not ask again , Tommy . with one hand on Tommy 's wrist , the other grab hold of he elbow . ritchie put on the pressure ... tommy the bowl ! it 's in the fuck bowl ! ritchie look up at the girl . she jump to she foot and scurries to the bathroom . ritchie watch she as she lift the lid off the tank and pull out a baggy with little vial in it . she hurry back and toss it at he . ritchie be that all of it ? Tommy be face down in a puddle of blood and spit . tommy yeah ! that 's all of it ! now get off I ! ritchie look up at the girl . she stand in anticipation . he look back down at the mess on the floor and without further hesitation ... he pull tommy 's elbow back with a violent jerk and dislocate the guy 's shoulder . Tommy scream and flop around on the floor . his arm dangle from its socket . his girlfriend rush to he in horror as he thrashes hysterically . ritchie pick up the baggy and walk out . 10 . int . convenience store - night ritchie enter . the clerk greet he with no expression . ritchie grab the teddy bear from the display , slap the money he swipe on the counter , and split . ext . ritchie 's apartment build / sidewalk - night the street be pack with crumble building and park car . police siren fade in the distance . ritchie stand in the cool night . he take smoke from he cigarette deep into he lung . approach headlight blast he feature . a car stop in front of he . he flick he cigarette into the darkness . the window roll down to reveal nikki jergen , late 20 's , a little rough around the edge , but hot as hell . her smile shine through she long , dark bang . int . nikki 's car ritchie drop into the passenger seat . nikki reach up and turn on the light . he reach up and turn it off . he finger he inside pocket and produce the baggy with the vial . he hand it off to she and she slap a small stack of bill into he wait hand . nikki unscrew one of the vial and spill a little bit of its content onto she wrist . she snort it back fast and hard while ritchie count he money . nikki shit ! she shut she eye tight and rub she nose . 11 . ritchie take it easy . he get back out into the cool night . nikki what be you do for lunch tomorrow ? ritchie nothing . nikki meet I at the diner . my treat . ritchie what 's the occasion ? nikki job offer . freelance . great opportunity . ritchie for you or for I ? nikki ( big smile ) for we . he give she a nod and walk off . nikki ( 0.s. ) hey ! he turn . nikki it be good see you again . he continue on he way . she watch he for a beat before take another hit of the white powder . int . ritchie 's apartment build / hallway - night ritchie notice someone stand by he door . mike moony , early 60 's , deck out in a stain wife - beater and short , greet ritchie with a fake smile . 12 . ritchie Mike . mike you be a hard guy to catch . you schedule 's all over the place . ritchie unlock the door . Mike lose the smile and get in closer . mike Three month you owe I , ritchie ... I need at least one or you be out on you ass . ritchie stare he down . Mike back away . he reach into he pocket and pull out he new wad . he take the top twenty from the bundle and slap the rest into Mike 's sweaty palm . Mike smile at the size of it . giant yellow tooth take up most of he face . mike be that so hard ? ritchie leave he in the hall . int . ritchie 's apartment - night ritchie toss he key onto the short kitchen counter by the door . a lamp light up the place . the teddy bear sit up against a pillow on the fold out couch . a few frame on a nearby table show picture of he and that beautiful blonde frozen in good time . he throw he jacket across the room . it land on a already full chair , next to a wooden crib . he drop onto the bed , pick up the bear and give it a little squeeze . 13. int . ritchie 's car - day - traveling ritchie drive in silence . large , expensive house pass he by . ext . bobby golden 's house - day ritchie pull up to the sprawling estate . he 's already smoking as he get out of he car . chuck , a mountain of black muscle , greet he at the front door . chuck man , put that out . ritchie take one last drag and flick it away . chuck nigga , do I tell you to toss that shit onto my boy 's lawn ? ritchie think about it . he reluctantly make he way across the lawn . he reach down , pick up the butt , and hold it up to satisfy Chuck . chuck you better wrap that shit ina kleenex and put it in you pocket . ritchie enter the house . chuck I better not find it float in one of the toilet again , either ! ext . bobby golden 's house / poolside ritchie step through the patio door and into a backyard oasis . he shove the cigarette butt into a nearby plant . 14 . a man be do lap in the pool . talia , early 20 's , brown and glisten , barely cover in a white bikini , be lay flat on she belly , take in the sun . her mirrore sunglass catch he reflection as he approach . he wave he hand in front of she face to no reaction . he give she the finger . talia ( smile ) that 's not nice . ritchie what lap be he on ? talia I stop count . ritchie take a seat on the deck chair beside she . talia can you put some lotion on my back ? ritchie I do not want to get my hand dirty . talia that 's too bad . bobby golden pull himself out of the pool . he 's push 50 , but not go quietly . his fat gold chain glow against he dark skin . he pull on a robe . he join they with a huge smile . bobby ritchie ! ritchie stand up and go in for the wet hug . bobby you want something to drink ? Bobby lean in . he give she a 15 . ritchie how about a coffee ? bobby coffee ? it 's like a hundred degree out here . how about something with ice ? something from a bottle ? bobby I do not think she know how to make coffee , man . talia I could make coffee . bobby then go make some coffee ! slap on the ass that get she to she foot . she strut away . they watch she door . bobby and put something on for chrissake ! we have get company ! shake and bake all the way through the patio bobby so how 's it go ? how 's you boy ? he still hang in there ? ritchie yeah . bobby well , I suggest you do the same . at least you be keep busy . Heard you help nikki settle a little problem . ritchie yeah . she call in a favor . 16 . bobby favor , huh ? she 's a freaky fruit , that one . I can show you a picture of she from three year ago that 'il empty you ball in three second flat . Bobby reach for a dvd case that 's be sit on the patio table next to he . bobby my dad use to tell I : '' you cock and you signature ... watch where you put ‘em 's . he toss it to ritchie . bobby that should take you mind off thing . ritchie examine the box . a buxom beauty grace the cover - giant tit push out of a prison jumpsuit - '' the hard cell '' in fat pink letter across the bottom . bobby ( o.s. ) you like porno ? ritchie toss the box back onto the table . bobby you need to go see a guy for I . I drop some dough into one of he production and all I have see so far be that box . he 's not return my call . I need you to give he a message for I . ritchie you want I to ... talk to he ? bobby yeah , talk . bring I my money . the address be on the box . Bobby get up and throw off the robe . 17. bobby you gonna wait for that coffee ? I be tell you , it 's gonna be a while . ritchie Nah , I be gonna get go . bobby I 'il see you later . Bobby get back in the water . talia meet up with ritchie . talia good news : the water 's boil ! ritchie rain check ? talia seriously ? you do not know what you be miss . he walk away . talia hey ! can I ask you something ? between you and I ? do you like it ? you know ... hurt people ? ritchie get in close and serious . ritchie some people need to get hurt . int . diner - day the place try hard to look like a old - fashioned diner , but in the bright daylight , it just look old . a few customer be enjoy they lunch as ritchie walk in . he eye the booth and spot nikki . he join she . 18 . nikki hey , you make it . ritchie I never pass up a free lunch . nikki that 's good because that 's exactly what I need to talk to you about . the waitress show up . waitress coffee ? ritchie please . she smile and pour . nikki always with the coffee . he take a long sip . nikki a friend of mine be gonna join we . she 's get a situation that you need to hear about . i’1l be back . she slide out of the booth . nikki ( wink ) gotta go powder my nose . he sit back and take in the view outside . a car screech across the lot and brake hard into a spot . gwen durova , late 20 's , platinum blonde and leggy , jump out of the driver 's side and rush into the diner . ritchie watch she . her movement be quick and erratic . she stomp to the booth and jump in . 19 . he take another long sip . gwen where 's nikki ? ritchie Little girl 's room . gwen she fill you in ? ritchie nope . gwen great . the waitress show up smile again . waitress coffee ? gwen fuck off . her smile fade . she scram . gwen look like she 's be up for a couple of day . ritchie sip he coffee and watch she . gwen 's eye widen as nikki return and slide in next to she . nikki ( big smile ) hey ! nikki grab she hand . nikki you alright ? gwen throw she a shaky nod . nikki ritchie , this be gwen . this be we free lunch . ritchie continue to sip he coffee . 20 . nikki ( to gwen ) go ahead . gwen gather herself before start . gwen my husband keep a gym bag full of money in we closet . I have never count it , but there must be about fifty grand in there , easy . you and nikki be welcome to all of it . ritchie how 's that ? gwen my husband be a cocksucker . he 's a very successful , very wealthy ... cocksucker . and I do not want he breathe anymore . ritchie throw nikki a cool stare . ritchie right . well , good luck with that . he jump out of the booth and head for the exit . nikki ( to gwen ) I ' 1l handle this . do not worry . she catch up with he . nikki hey ! what be you do ? Ice cold stare right at she . ritchie outside . he throw the door open and storm out . nikki look over at gwen before follow . 21 . ext . parking lot / ritchie 's car ritchie drop into the driver 's seat . nikki get in next to he . int . ritchie 's car he watch gwen through the window . she try to stay calm , but look more and more out of place . ritchie I can not help she . nikki we be talk some serious money here . ritchie we be talk murdering some poor bastard in cold blood . nikki if it 's any consolation , the guy 's a asshole . ritchie it 's not . nikki this be a fuck retirement fund , man . we be gonna be set for a long time . ritchie we get catch : we get put away for a long time . nikki I do not understand what the problem be . whatever it be that you do and whatever it be that I need you to do , be like the same fuck thing . ritchie you be right , you do not understand . 22. nikki notice gwen shift around in she seat , eyeball they hard through the window . nikki listen , she 's gonna bail . 1/11 fuck do it without you . I do not need to share . ritchie you be not gonna do anything . nikki yeah , I will . you do not know how bad thing be . her face finally lose its smile . ritchie take a good long look at she . he turn back to the nervous wreck inside . ritchie who be she ? nikki a old friend . ritchie how old ? nikki she 's cool , okay ? ritchie who 's the husband ? nikki some accountant or something . do it make a difference ? ritchie yeah , it make a difference . fifty grand - that 's a lot of money - someone 's gonna miss that . successful accountant - someone 's gonna miss he , too . something like this need plan , research , time -- nikki no time . she want it do today . 23 . ritchie today ? you be out of you mind . anything happen to this guy today , how hard be it gonna be for someone to remember all of we chit-chatt over here ? nikki be you gonna help I or not ? he wait for she smile to come back . it do not . ritchie tell she I can make it look like a robbery ; put the prick in the hospital for a while . but I be not kill anybody , and definitely not today . nikki okay . she throw open the door and jump out . ritchie walk away from this , nikki . it 's not you thing . go in there . calm she down . we will find another way . her smile slowly creep back . nikki I 'o 1l1 see what she say . he watch she . she make she way inside and back to the booth . gwen listen to every word . nikki 's lip stop move . gwen mouth something to she . nikki turn to the window and slowly shake she head . ritchie shit . he start the car up fast and peel out even faster . 24 . int . '' pink monkey studio '' / trent 's office - day heather , a beautiful face in a baggy sweat suit , sit ata desk across from trent rothstein , mid 40 's , bald , greasy , wear a expensive suit and a cheap mustache . the office be small and dank . the far wall be cover in photograph of naked young girl in various pose on a couch . beneath the collage : the couch . she chew gum as he look through some papers and make a few note . trent rosie cheek ? he look up at she . she blow a bubble . trent ( back to the note ) what 's you real name , honey ? heather Heather . trent how old be you , Heather ? heather eighteen he look up and smile . trent that 's a good answer . she return the smile . trent it say here that you have do some modeling . what be we talk , Internet ? heather uh-huh . 25 . trent ( back to he note ) have you do anything like this before ? heather you mean , '' make movie '' ? trent stop write . he look up at she again , this time without the smile . trent film ... yes . heather not really . he look she over carefully ... trent you okay with rough stuff ? gang Bangs ? weird shit ? heather sure . trent girl on girl ? heather of course . trent of course . can you squirt ? you a squirter ? heather not that I know of . trent not a big deal . listen , Heather , before we go any further , I need to know what you boyfriend think of this career path you have decide to take . heather I do not have a boyfriend . 26 . the smile be back . trent that 's another good answer . he make a final note in he papers and sit back with the smile still on he face . he look the young lady over some more . trent any question before we get start ? she shift in she seat . heather um ... well ... I have herpes . trent ( still smile ) okay ? heather I be tell that you do not care about that stuff . trent I would not say that I do not care . I do , however , manage to work around '' that stuff '' . hey , we all gotta eat , right ? she look more at ease . he reach into he desk and pull out a small digital camera . trent Heather , I have like to take some picture now , if that 's alright with you . see what kind of treasure you get hide underneath all of that awful clothing . heather sure . he get to he foot . he motion to she to do the same . 27 . she unzip she sweatshirt . her skin-tight t-shirt struggle to hold down she giant breast . trent fumble with he camera . heather everything ? trent please . she sit on the couch and unlace she sneaker . a loud buzz fill the room . betty ( v.0o . ) ( over speaker , filter ) Mr. rothstein ? there 's a gentleman here to see you ? trent manage to turn the camera on . Heather continue to undress . trent who be it ? betty ( v.o. ) ( over speaker , filter ) he say he 's a associate of Bobby Golden 's . trent tell he to fuck off . I be busy . betty ( v.o. ) ( over speaker , filter ) um ... trent look up , annoyed . trent you have I on speaker again , do not you ? silence . trent rush over and grab the phone . trent ( into phone ) pick up the phone . 28 . int . '' pink monkey studio '' / lobby betty , late 40 's , short and round , look over at ritchie through she black -rimm glass . trent ( v.o. ) ( over speaker , filter ) pick up the phone , Betty ! she pick up the phone . intercut between trent and betty trent be he a big guy ? Betty look ritchie over . betty Big enough , I guess . trent Big enough for what ? betty I do not know . trent stall he . betty he 's already on he way . trent great ! he slam the phone down and rush over to Heather . he quickly pick up all of she clothes . trent Heather , we be gonna have to reschedule , but so far , I love what I be see . he push she clothes into she chest and lead she to the door . 29 . trent Betty will give you everything you need on you way out - paperwork , release form , standard shit . we will call you . he push she into the hallway just as ritchie show up . he escort he in with a force smile . trent hey , give I one second . have a seat . trent sit at he desk and straighten himself out a bit . he put he note into one neat pile . ritchie take a seat in front of he . trent great girl . Big ... big future . so ... what can I do for you ? ritchie ( deadpan ) Bobby want he money . trent really ? well , you can tell Bobby the film 's in post . he 's gonna have to wait like everybody else . ritchie I be not he secretary . trent I do not know what else to tell you . ritchie eye he for a moment . he take in the scene . he notice the wall across the room with the dirty collage and the dirtier couch . he turn he attention back to trent. 30 . ritchie I be leave here with a fistful of you money or a fistful of you tooth . i’1ll give you a minute to decide which one you have like to part with today . trent 's face go cold . he casually reach into he drawer . he pull out a gun . he lay it on the desk . trent you know what that be ? it 's goodbye . the two man be in a standoff . ritchie glance between the piece on the desk and trent 's smug face ... a violent kick to the desk send the whole fuck thing fly into trent 's rib . he 's throw backwards onto the floor . ritchie leap over the desk and land hard on top of he . trent gasp for air under the weight . his collar disappear into ritchie 's clenching fist as he 's lift off the floor . trent try to bat ritchie 's hand away , but they do not budge . his shirt start to choke he out . pete ( 0.s. ) let he go . ritchie loosen he grip . trent drop to the floor . pete sommersed , early 50 's , a gorilla dress like a man , hog the doorway . ritchie get to he foot . trent crawl away . ritchie I think I smell dogshit . trent make it to the couch . Pete cross the scene . 31 . trent I think the fucker break a rib ! Pete pick up trent 's gun from the floor and examine it . ritchie it 's a prop . pete I know . he pull back he jacket and reveal a holster .38 ; a detective badge hang off he belt . pete this one be not . he lift the chair and straighten it out . pete I need you to sit down , ritchie . trent you know this guy ? Pete take a seat behind the desk . pete sit down . ritchie sit . Pete play with the prop gun . pete it 's be a long time . ritchie seem like yesterday to I . pete you still hold that grudge , huh ? I do you a favor , man . if I have not step in , you have be up to you larynx in prison cock right now . ritchie what do you want , Pete ? 32 . pete actually , believe it or not , I might have some more work for you . trent what be you do ? Pete raise he finger and shut trent up - eye still on ritchie . ritchie I pay my debt . Pete find that funny . pete debt ? you be never do owe the devil , ritchie . a buz come from ritchie 's jacket . he pull he phone out just enough : '' nikki cell '' flash on the screen . he quickly press a button and silence it . ritchie I do not come here for a job . call a ambulance . you friend do not look too good . pete you come work for I again and you will be hit the big time ... or at least the bigger time . buz again . nikki again . he ignore it again . ritchie I never work for you . get it straight . pete call it what you want . buz again . ritchie shut it off . 33 . ritchie I be here for Bobby 's money . if you do not have it , I ’11l be back tomorrow . if you do not have it then , I 'il be back the next day , and the next . and I can not guarantee how many bodily function you friend over there will still have control of until I get it . pete Bobby , huh ? Pete take a second before turn around to trent . pete give he the money . trent massage he chest . his shirt be still wrinkle from the tussle . trent it 's in whatever 's leave of my desk . Pete struggle with the drawer . he open it and pull out a fat envelope . he toss it to ritchie . pete see ? we can all be friend . ritchie grab the envelope . he open it and run he thumb across the bill inside . pete there 's a hell of a lot more where that come from . you be waste you time run fetch mission for Bobby . think about it . my door be always open . ritchie put the envelope away he take one last look around and be out the door . Pete 's face turn to stone . 34 . ext . '' pink monkey studio '' / STREET - day ritchie quickly pull out he phone and dial . nikki ( v.o. ) ( over phone , filter ) hi ! it 's nikki ! leave a message ! he hang up and get into he car . ext . bobby golden 's house - day ritchie 's car come to a quick stop . he jump out and head for the front door . he flick he cigarette across the lawn . ring the doorbell . talia open the door . her face light up . talia hey ! back for that coffee ? ritchie storm past she . int . bobby golden 's house / live room Bobby watch tv . Chuck sit nearby . ritchie walk in . talia follow . Chuck get up . Bobby wave he down . bobby how do it go ? ritchie how do you think it go ? bobby what happen ? ritchie Pete sommerse show up . bobby shit. 35 . Bobby turn the tv off . ritchie I need the work , Bobby , but I do not need the bullshit . bobby he 's never there . if he be , something 's up ... what do you talk about ? ritchie he try to recruit I . bobby for what ? ritchie work . bobby work ? come here . Bobby take he aside . bobby look , I fuck up . I be not think , okay ? I be sorry . forget about that piece of shit . ritchie why would you send I there ? bobby hey , money 's money , right ? I do not send you on job for fun . I already apologize now get over it . sammy 's day be numbered . there be a fuck line form behind you . at least you get something out of it . ritchie you should not have send I there , Bobby . Bobby tense up . 36 . bobby do not tell I what I should or should not do . take a step back and realize where you place be , ritchie . you be lucky I be not make you pick up my dry clean at this point . we go way back , but that do not mean we have to go any further . ritchie look around . he pull out the fat envelope from he jacket and drop it on the table . ritchie I know my place , Bobby . you do not need to remind I . but if you put I in a situation like that again , I be come back here and redecorate . Chuck stand up . bobby we be do , ritchie . no more handout . walk away or crawl , it 's up to you . ritchie stare they all down . he walk away . ritchie ( to Chuck ) he do not get through that door again . int . ritchie 's build / hallway - night two big guy be on they way down the hall as ritchie round the corner . franky wear a shiny green tracksuit and rocco sport a thinly shave beard that follow he jaw - line like a night crawler . Mike stand in he doorway slobbering over a apple , eye on ritchie . the two man disappear into he apartment . ritchie ignore they . 37 . int . ritchie 's apartment the place be dark . ritchie toss he key on the counter and head for the bathroom . bathroom he turn on the light . the mirror be fogge up . he run a finger across it . he hurry out . live room the light from the bathroom reveal nikki sit on the floor near the window . her hair be wet . her hand be shaking . he approach with caution . ritchie what be you do here , nikki ? nikki regroup . he get closer . her eye be somewhere else . nikki I fuck up . he lift she chin up . ritchie you need to tell I what happen . nikki I need a priest . ritchie what do you do ? nikki I do like you say . I try to calm she down - get she mind off thing . ritchie how ? 38 . int . gwen 's house / live room - day ( flashback ) gwen let out a deep moan . nikki sit beside she on the couch . her arm be stretch across she lap , she hand bury between gwen 's leg . gwen 's panty be stretch across she thigh . her skirt conceal what 's happen underneath . gwen lean back , exhaust . nikki wipe she hand on the couch and take care of a line of cocaine wait for she on the glass coffee table . the live room be gigantic : painting , sculpture ... very classy . nikki look over at gwen and see that she 's sobbing . nikki hey ! come on . she move in to comfort she . gwen I can not do it . nikki it 's a party , right ? no tear , remember ? gwen I be suffocating . this house , this wall , this fuck furniture ! she kick the table . nikki hey ! nikki rush to make sure the drug be okay . gwen I can not go on like this . I can not . 39 . nikki you can do a lot worse . I mean , he 's not even around . who care what he 's do ? look at this place ! she go down for another line . gwen you do not understand nikki toss she head back and rub she nose . nikki nope . gwen he 's a terrible person . nikki who be not ? gwen he ... the thing he 's do . she look off into the distance . int . ritchie 's apartment - night ( present day ) nikki she tell I he knock she around a lot . one time ... hard . she lose a baby and she uterus . int . gwen 's house / bedroom - day ( flashback ) a large duffel bag drop at nikki 's bare foot . gwen rummages through she closet . she set off a avalanche of shoebox . she grab the one she want . she approach nikki . they nose be red , they eye , watery and alive . gwen hand she the box . nikki hold it as gwen lift the lid . she reach in and pull out a revolver . 40 . gwen look . it 's all here . see ? nikki 's eye try to focus . nikki Holy shit . gwen take it . she knock the box away and place the gun in nikki 's still outstretch hand . she force nikki 's finger around the cold metal . gwen get in real close . gwen I ' 1l call he . right now , I x11 call he and I x11 tell he to come home . i’1l say we have be rob . I x11 get he here . please do it . please . nikki struggle with the situation . she say nothing . she see the desperation in gwen 's eye . her hand be close firmly on top of hers . her toe touch the duffel bag as gwen pull in closer . nikki listen , gwen . I -- bang ! the gun go off and send gwen 's brain fly across the room . her body drop to the floor in a second . nikki be leave stand in total , freak - out silence . her face be cover in blood ; she hand still grip the revolver ; she eye wide open . int . gwen 's house / live room - day nikki dial she phone . brain and blood be cake on she face and in she hair . no answer . nikki shit ! nikki wipe the table clean and gather she thing . she pick up she shoe and get the fuck out of there . 41 . ext . gwen 's house - day nikki walk out barefoot into the quiet street . she take quick , nervous step to she car . she get in and peel out . int . ritchie 's apartment - night ( present day ) ritchie be speechless . nikki sit , rub she hand . ritchie do anybody see you ? nikki I do not think so . but the gun make a lot of noise . ritchie pace . he peek out at the street from the crack in the curtain . nikki there 's something else . nikki reach into the darkness beside she and pull out the duffel bag . she slide it over to ritchie . he freeze . he crouch down and unzip it . he pull it open to reveal a shit load of cash . nikki ( 0.s. ) there 's a lot more than fifty grand in there . ritchie ( stare at the money ) be you sure no one see you ? nikki ninety nine percent . ritchie look up to meet she eye ... buz interrupt they moment . it 's come from ritchie 's pocket . he reach in and pull out he phone . his eye widen as he look at the caller id : '' nikki cell '' flash on the screen . ritchie where 's you phone ? 42 . nikki rush to she foot . she throw open she jacket . nothing . she empty out she purse . no phone . she join ritchie and look down at the flash screen . nikki oh , fuck ! ritchie 's face tense . the buz do not stop . nikki do not answer it . ritchie answer it . he swallow hard as he hold the phone to he ear . ritchie hello ? pete ( v.o. ) ( over phone , filter ) hello , ritchie . int . gwen 's house / bedroom - night Pete stand over gwen 's body . he 's wear rubber glove , hold nikki 's phone inch from he face . pete I bet my voice sound like Christmas morning to you now , huh ? int . ritchie 's apartment ritchie do not blink . nikki ( whisper ) who be it ? pete ( v.o. ) ( over phone , filter ) you think we can talk about that job offer now ? 43 . int . gwen 's house / live room - night dimitri durov , late 60 's , nice suit , bad hair , sit on the couch . his leg shake nervously . alexei , he giant goon , stand by the front entrance . Pete come down the stair . dimitri rush to he . dimitri ( thick Russian accent ) you see ? pete you do good by call I first . Pete look around . he notice smudge on the coffee table but get back to he man . pete you say you find she like that ? dimitri I do not know she be so unhappy . pete I be gonna clean this up for you , dimitri . you know what that mean , right ? dimitri anything you want . pete you know what I want . dimitri I cannot touch he . I can do anything else but that . Pete look at alexei by the door . back to dimitri . pete what if it be not suicide ? 44 . dimitri what be you say ? pete you do not squeak . you get enemy . maybe it 's a message . dimitri only a coward would behave this way . pete how much would a name mean to you ? dimitri drop into the couch , think . dimitri who would do such a thing ? pete if there be a '' who '' , I 'il find he . dimitri deliver the coward and I will speak to boss . pete wait a half hour after I leave . then , call the cop . they will not find anything . try to act break up . it ’1ll help . dimitri be there any way we can keep they out of this ? pete she 's you wife . you can not just bring she up to the cabin . the neighbor be gonna notice she 's not drive around anymore . play dumb . trust I . it ‘’1ll blow over . dimitri I can not go to jail . 45 . pete it 's prison , actually ... but nobody 's go anywhere . they 's 11 stop at suicide . they will not dig any deeper . silence . Pete look they both over . pete half hour . he squeeze pass alexei on he way out . int . ritchie 's apartment / kitchen - night coffee brews on the counter . a burn cigarette dangle between ritchie 's finger as he stand by . he watch nikki make neat little stack of hundred on the live room floor . one last bill be place on one last pile . ritchie so ? nikki two-fifty ... even . ritchie ( to himself ) two-fifty . nikki what do you wanna do ? smoke spew from he lip . nikki you think the cop know about it ? ritchie I do not know what he know . I know what he want . nikki what do he want ? 46 . ritchie blood . the machine beeps ; the coffee 's ready . he turn to the wait mug . ritchie how do you take it ? click ! click ! he turn . nikki have a gun in she hand . she make she way to he . he keep he eye on the gun . she set it down on the counter . nikki I be gonna do it , ritchie . I be gonna blow he away for she ... for that pile of paper over there . her gaze drift towards the little money village on the live room floor . he reach out slowly and take the gun . he flick the safety on and slide it away from she . nikki why can not we just run ? ritchie do you know who this guy be ? nikki some dirty cop ? ritchie that 's a fuck understatement . she get back to the stack . he sip and watch she as she get on the floor . ritchie do you remember the guy I use to run with ? sammy '' two ball '' ? 47 . nikki yeah . ritchie do you know what happen to he ? nikki he be shot . drug deal go sideways , right ? ritchie this '' dirty cop '' ... he bust sammy one day with half a key in he pants , but instead of book he , he try to make a deal ... sammy do not make deal with cop . nikki run she hand through the stack . nikki so he shot he ? ritchie no . he want to make a example out of he ... he have a dozen dealer just like sammy in he pocket . not to mention cooker , junky , gangbanger , psychos and half of the downtown police department . he have a reputation to protect . the cash cover the floor now . ritchie he make a call one day and send sammy a message that not only make it to he ear , but right through he fuck skull . nikki where be you ? ritchie struggle with the answer . 48 . ritchie I deliver it . nikki ( look up ) no shit ? ritchie he catch I with blood on my hand about a month earlier . figure we can '' help each other out '' . nikki how much blood ? ritchie enough to put I away for a long time . nikki so , let 's make a deal , then . either that or we kill he . ritchie I think of that . dirty or not , though , he 's still a cop . that 's a hard kill . nikki what do you wanna do , then ? ritchie look at the thick carpet of money at she foot . ritchie get any blow leave ? int . ritchie 's apartment build / mike 's door - night mrs . deluca , deck out in curler and a bathrobe , show up and knock . there 's some commotion come from inside . the door open and Mike greet she with a big yellow smile . she look inside and see franky and rocco sit at a table in the middle of the room . it 's cover in beer bottle and stack of poker chip . 49 . mike Mrs. deluca , how be you ? mrs . deluca how be I ? that jerk in 3c be smoking again . my kid be try to do they homework , but instead they be get lung cancer ! Mike throw a glance down the hall . int . ritchie 's door Mike knock . Mrs. deluca watch from a distance . mike open up , ritchie ! he turn to Mrs. deluca and give she a nod . mike ritchie ! if you do not open this goddamn door , I be gonna call the cop and they can -- the door open a crack . ritchie 's eye be wild - cigarette dangle from he lip . ritchie fuck off . mike fuck off ? this be a non-smok building , you understand ? people be try to live here ... put it out or get out . ritchie shut the door . Mike look over at Mrs. deluca . she shake she head . he gather himself and bang on the door again . mike ritchie ! if you do not put that shit out , I be gonna come in there and put it out for you , I swear to Christ ! 50 . the door open fast and wide . Mike jump back . ritchie step out and hold up a thin stack of cash . ritchie fuck . off . Mike cautiously approach and take it from he . he take a quick peek inside and see nikki sit in the pile of money , do a line of coke off she wrist . ritchie get back inside and shut the door . Mike stand for a beat , think . he head back to he apartment . he count the bill as he walk by Mrs. deluca . mrs . deluca that 's it ? mike go home , Mrs. deluca . he shut the door behind he . int . ritchie 's apartment - night ritchie grab the gun from the counter and make he way to the couch . he pick up the duffel bag . ritchie come on . we gotta go . he toss the gun into the bag and begin fill it with handfuls of money from the floor . she watch he . nikki how many people have you kill ? ritchie what ? nikki he find you with blood on you hand . count sammy , that 's at least two , right ? 51 . ritchie I would not say they be people . ten year ago , you catch I with a smoking gun , I surrender , no problem . what do I know ? but ... after five year inside ... you perspective change a bit . you tend not to wanna go for the repeat . after that , the choice between smoking some lowlife and do hard time again be not a choice at all . nikki I have never kill anyone before . ritchie it be a accident . do not torture yourself . nikki what be I suppose to do ? he avoid the question . continue to fill the bag . nikki do you believe in God , ritchie ? ritchie ( fill the bag ) what 's the difference ? nikki it change thing . ritchie oh , yeah ? niiki yeah . we be either a bunch of meat and bone , or there 's a soul swim around in here somewhere . his eye go to the teddy bear on the kitchen counter . 52 . nikki if he 's just make - believe , we have nothing to worry about , but if he 's out there ... we be in deep shit . he 's do fill the bag . ritchie I would not worry too much about God . nikki why not ? ritchie look around ... he be not here . there 's a knock at the door . they look at each other . nikki maybe that 's he . ritchie get you stuff . ritchie go to answer it ... the door be kicked in , smash he over the face . he 's send fly across the room . nikki jump to she foot . franky and rocco enter the apartment follow by Mike . he manage to get the rattle door close behind he . she grab the duffel bag . nikki what do you retard want ? Mike pace behind he two large friend . ritchie try to catch he breath . mike my sister have a boy with down syndrome . great kid . that term cut like a knife every time I hear it . 53 . Mike look around . mike we be gonna take all that dough I see you roll around in earlier , plus whatever 's leave of that shit you be put up you nose . Mike size she up . mike and while we be at it , I think we will have that dirty mouth of yours wrap around we cock later , too . you boyfriend , here , can watch . nikki he 's not my boyfriend . franky lick he lip . nikki reach into the bag . mike I think I nil have franky knock you tooth out first , though ... you look like a biter . ritchie spit out some blood . ritchie take you boy and go , Mike . that 's all the warning you be gonna get . mike ( laugh ) be you serious ? ritchie stumble to he foot . mike I be not give you a warning , ritchie . I be make you a promise - a promise that this man will do terrible thing to you and you girl tonight if you do not step aside . 54 . ritchie 's shoulder and neck let out a couple of awful crack as he straighten out . he look over at nikki . she have she hand deeper in the bag . they eye meet . ritchie ( to Mike ) this be not a fair fight . nikki 's hand be elbow deep in the duffel bag . ritchie you should go get a couple more guy . everyone be freeze ... Mike laugh . mike fuck he up , boy . franky wind up a powerful right that slice through the air . ritchie duck out of the way and land a knee hard into he rib . his elbow follow fast and shatter franky 's jaw . franky 's body slump to the carpet , revealing rocco come right for they . he lunge at ritchie and be stop in he track by a big boot to the ball . a ferocious right to rocco 's face send blood and spit fly onto Mike 's wife -beater . he 's knock out instantly and crash to the floor at Mike 's foot . a yellow smile appear on Mike 's sweaty face . mike bygone ? int . ritchie 's apartment build / hallway - night Mrs. deluca mumble to herself as she storm towards ritchie 's door . 55 . mike come crashing through it and hit the wall hard . he do not get up . Mrs. deluca scream . nikki and ritchie step through the shattered doorway and disappear down the hall . int . ritchie 's car - night they jump in . ritchie put the key in , but do not turn it . nikki what be you wait for ? ritchie we have to make a stop . ext . hospital / parking lot - night ritchie 's car pull into a spot . ritchie wait here . nikki ( smile ) sure . i’1l watch the bag . he do not smile back . int . hospital / hallway ritchie walk with the duffel in he hand . nikki catch up with he . nikki you know , technically , that 's my money . ritchie when this be over , you 's 1ll get you cut . nikki my cut ? you steer clear remember ? I be the one who get the fuck brain facial . 56 . he look around try to find he way . she stop he before he turn down another hallway . nikki hey ! seriously , we split the money now . we go we separate way . fuck deal . fuck the cop . ritchie he 's gonna find you . nikki let he . he have my cell phone . so what ? the nurse spot ritchie and approach . ritchie this guy go into people 's closet , pull out all they skeleton and dangle they over they head every chance he get . I have see you closet . you do not want he in there . she quiet down . nurse Mr. boland ? ritchie can I see he now ? she throw a probing look at nikki . nurse I ' 1l see what I can do . int . hospital / nursery ritchie wash he hand . a sign next to the sink tell he how to do it properly . above he head be a shelf label '' clean '' . it 's cover in fold hospital gowns . he put one on over he clothes . he follow the nurse to a lone incubator near the back window . 57 . the nurse step aside with a smile and reveal a tiny body inside - blindfolded , attach to a mess of wire and tube , little chest breathe heavily . nurse it 's alright . ritchie pull the teddy bear out and rest it on the plastic box . nurse take you time . he examine the helpless little guy in the box . int . hospital / waiting room nikki sit with the duffel bag in she lap . the nurse go to the nearby coffee machine and drop some change in its slot . she push some button and wait for the machine to do its thing . she glance at nikki while she wait . nikki can see into the nursery down the hall . she watch ritchie with a frown . nurse ( 0.s. ) go through something like this alone must be impossible . you must be a good friend . nikki ( cold ) I be not he friend . the machine fuck up and coffee spill everywhere . the nurse jump and try to control the mess . nurse shit ! int . ritchie 's car - night - traveling ritchie be focus on the road . nikki throw glance at he through the silence . 58 . ext . '' pink monkey studio '' / STREET - night ritchie 's car come to a stop . int . ritchie 's car he kill the engine . ritchie you ready ? nikki no . ritchie well , get ready . nikki when be you gonna tell I ? ritchie tell you what ? nikki about , whatever that be back there ? ritchie I be not . nikki just like that ? what we have - that do not entitle I to some answer ? ritchie that be a million year ago and no , it do not . let 's go . ext . ritchie 's car he jump out . she stay put . he come around to she side . she stare out the windshield without even blink . 59 . he look around ... the street lamp sparkle in the wet pavement . he light a cigarette , take a deep drag and drop he head in defeat . he knock she roll on she window . it down ; she eye still focus on the street . ritchie there be a girl ... thing get serious , but then quickly turn to shit , so she bail . show up six month later with a sob story and a baby - bump . she finally turn to face he . nikki how do you know it 's yours ? ritchie I do not . nikki where be she ? ritchie a blast from she past see she crossing the street one day and decide to run she over with he camry . a car speed by and interrupt he . ritchie they manage to save the kid , but he will not wake up ... they tell I I be waste my time and money - that I should pull the plug and move on . his heartbeat 's stronger than mine and they be tell I to shut it down like it 's nothing . nikki what be you hold on to ? that kid do not belong here . 60 . ritchie like you say ... we be more than just meat , right ? he flick he cigarette into the street . nikki you think buy a teddy bear be gonna absolve you of all you sin , ritchie ? wake up . you be not a father . you do not bring people into this world , you take they out . let 's take this money and get the hell out of here . he walk away . ext . '' pink monket studio '' / entrance she jump out and catch up to he at the door . nikki what do you think this guy be gonna ask we to do ? paint he house ? we take the money and run ... right now . ritchie push the door bell . ritchie we need to end this right . Pete be one loose end you do not want dangle in the wind . the door buzy open . ritchie enter . she hesitates before follow . int . '' pink monkey studio '' / trentas office Pete sit in trent 's chair with nikki 's phone in he hand . he look through its content . trent be occupy with Heather on the couch . he whisper bullshit into she ear and she fake a few giggle . she 's practically burst out of a skin-tight dress . ritchie and nikki walk through the door . Pete stand up . 61 . pete ( to nikki ) we meet at last . the picture on this phone do not do you justice . he reach out he hand . pete Peter sommerse ... detective Peter sommerse . her eye go to ritchie . Pete take back he meaty paw . they sit down . he continue browsing through she phone . pete there be a lot of picture in here . some of they , I have to confess , I already jerk - off to , but a few other ... I be just not that into . he flip the cell over so they can see a picture of a bloody gwen on the screen . he shuffles blindly to more shot of she from different angle . nikki 's face go white . pete ( 0.s. ) I be no Ansel Adams , but -- ritchie what do you want , Pete ? he put the phone down . pete I live in the shade , ritchie , as you know . I pull the string on dozen of puppet show , but that do not mean I be not a serious businessman . this ... studio ... be one of the good one . we make quality movie here . trent ( interrupt ) film . 62. pete film ... the talent , as you can see , be top notch . ritchie look over at Heather . pete Cash and pussy go in and out of here like fuck clockwork . most of it land right into we lap , too , but a lot of it ... do not quite make the trip . he lean in closer . pete ( to nikki ) can you give we a minute , honey ? maybe ten ? nikki look around . nikki where do you want I to go ? pete trent ! why do not you give this young lady the tour ? trent drop Heather in a flash and get to he foot . trent of course ! he straighten he tie and pat down he hair as he strut to the desk . he give she he hand . nikki ( to Pete ) I do not want the tour . I wanna know what I need to do to get out of this shit . pete ( deadpan ) you need to take the tour . nikki look at ritchie . he nod . 63 . nikki whatever . she walk out . trent follow . Pete turn around to Heather who be still on the couch . pete you , too , sweetheart . Heather jump up and jiggle all the way out the door . Pete get back to business . pete in order for this machine to keep work , we have to deal with certain silent partner ; backer that provide various , necessary service that keep the whole thing move smoothly . this guy ... they partner up with a local financier and make he they official talent scout . the guy 's a fuck scumbag . ritchie that 's funny . pete he take all the best girl and leave we with scrap . so instead of get a decent stable set up , we be leave scroung the bottom of the pile every time . make - up and lighting can only do so much . ritchie seem like a no-brainer . you reach should go way past this type of shit . pete believe it or not , it do not . he lean back again , hesitate for once . 64 . pete the backer be in the Russian mob . ritchie 's face go cold . pete and , like I say , they be head - over - heel for this jerk - off , so he 's not budging . ritchie Russians ? pete I do not want this to go down like a regular hit . I need it to be do different . ritchie different ? how long be it gonna take for the Russians to find out who fuck up they new bff ? ritchie pull out he pack of smoke and light up . pete this morning , I show up and there you be , like a fuck sign , so I ask ... you say '' no '' . now ... you be here ... he hold up the phone . pete and here ... so , I be ask again . same deal as last time . ritchie ask , huh ? ritchie let out a cloud from he lung . ritchie what do you mean by '' different '' ? Pete lean in closer . 65 . ext . mansion - night a monster of a house be perch on the edge of a cliff . pete ( v.o. ) he throw a party every Friday night . the driveway wrap around the front . expensive car be everywhere . a pair of long legs pop out of one of they . pete ( v.o. ) he invite new talent to he house every week for some fuck up meet and greet . invite only . int . mansion / rec room - night the long leg be escort through the party - about a dozen half - naked man and woman , drink , dance , snort , fuck , you name it . int . mansion / bedroom pete ( v.o. ) he like to handpick he stock , so he make sure to be there every time . a figure sit in the shadow , wait . he take a sip of he drink as the leg stop in front of he . the shoe come off and the dress drop to the floor . int . '' pink monkey studio '' / trentas office pete trent 's bring Heather tonight ... plus two . ritchie tonight ? I need at least two week for a job like this , and with the Russians sniff around , two week if you be lucky . 66 . pete I do not have two week . you do not have two week . there 's nothing to plan here . I be tell you how I need this to go down . you should be take fuck note . ritchie lean back and suck back some more smoke . ritchie Russians be not gonna have a hard time get to that guest list . pete everyone there 's gonna be zonk out of they ass . get he alone . make it look like a overdose . ritchie overdose ? give I the address . i‘1l wait until the party 's over , get he alone , pop he in he sleep . pete if there 's even one fuck clue leave behind that this be a hit , the ruskies will scour the earth for we ass . this way , they 's 11 chalk it up to poor judgment . he reach into he pocket and pull out a bottle of pill . pete he 's a pill - popper . he 's gonna think it 's he birthday . ritchie grab the bottle and examine it . pete you gotta look like you be there to fuck and take name . wipe that frown off you face and get into character . 67 . ritchie you be not give I much time to prepare . overdose ? tell I to turn this guy into hamburger meat and I will not bat a eye , but this ... I be not exactly dress for the part , either . trent ( 0.s. ) you can grab something from wardrobe . ritchie turn around . trent stand with the girl by he side . nikki be deck out in a slinky little number and in full makeup . pete there 's one more thing you need to know . ritchie what 's that ? pete his name ... it 's Bobby Golden . ritchie Bobby ? ritchie look at nikki . she throw he a piss '' I tell you so '' look . pete he 's not you friend , ritchie . he 's not worth this second think . what do he tell you about I ? do he come clean ? my guess be '' no '' . we have be down this road before . you be tear up , I get it , it suck , but there 's no time to discuss this any further . ( get up ) you leave in a hour . Pete walk out . trent and Heather take off right after . 68 . nikki that 's it ? ritchie I be think . nikki not one of you strong suit . ritchie dial he phone and pace . ritchie come on , Bobby . pick up . nikki what 's the plan ? ritchie he 's not answer . nikki this be it ... we take the back door out of here . ritchie we play along ; we go to Bobby 's ; I nil figure something out . his eye lock onto hers . int . '' pink monkey studio '' / lobby - night Pete lean up against the front desk . trent horse around with Heather near the door . ritchie show up wear a cheesy , shiny gray suit . somehow , he make it work . nikki follow close behind . ritchie ( to Pete ) we be do after this . no more deal . Pete hold up nikki 's phone with a dead gwen still up on the screen . pete you 'il get it back when it 's over . 69 . he put the phone in he pocket . pete as for future business together , well ... that 's up to you , be not it ? he give ritchie a dirty smile . trent ( 0.s. ) let 's go ! ritchie head for the door where everyone be wait . pete hey ! they all turn . Pete approach . he reach into ritchie 's pants and pull out he gun . pete my way , remember ? Pete slide the gun into he own pants and walk away . trent ( to ritchie ) you drive . he toss ritchie the key . ext . trent 's mercede - night - traveling the car cruise through the suburb . int . trent 's mercede - night - traveling ritchie be focus on the road . trent continue he dead - end effort with Heather in the back seat . trent ( to ritchie ) hey ! I hear about you and sammy . 70 . ritchie eye he in the rearview mirror . trent if that 's how you treat you friend , I have hate to see what you do to you enemy . ritchie 's eye be lock onto trent . trent drop the smile . ext . bobby golden 's house / driveway - night the benz make its way around . it pass a couple of park car . trent ( v.o. ) look like we be early . they stop and get out . ritchie look up at the house . ext . bobby golden 's house / entrance the door open and iosif , a boulder of a man with no neck and no personality , block the way . ritchie and nikki exchange worried glance . trent iosif . you look fetching tonight . let I guess ... new chin ? iosif stare they all down . he motion to trent to raise he arm . trent oblige and iosif proceed to pat he down . he give ritchie the same gesture . ritchie lift he arm . iosif find the small pill bottle . ritchie do not break eye contact . iosif pocket they . he look over at nikki and Heather . they dress cling to they body like plastic wrap . he smile and step aside . 71 . int . entrance hall iosif lead they across the empty hall . trent where 's the party , slim ? int . rec room they turn the corner and enter . they stop in they track . Bobby be hunch over on the couch ; face down on the coffee table . blood pool under he face . talia be sprawle across a nearby couch . Dead . Chuck lie motionless a few yard away . also dead . dimitri sit on the couch beside Bobby , smoking a cigar . alexei stand close by as iosif man the exit . dimitri the party be over . trent what the fuck be this , dimitri ? dimitri you come here to do same thing , yes ? I save you trouble . trent fumble . trent we come here to party . New girl , new guy , see ? Heather be become a expert with the fake smile . dimitri like what he see . nikki ( to ritchie ) that 's gwen 's husband . the cocksucker . ritchie Pete set we up . 72 . dimitri give iosif a nod . iosif step forward and drive a fist into ritchie 's back , send he to he knee . he grab nikki and drag she to dimitri . nikki ( fight ) get off I ! trent hey ! hey ! take it easy , dimitri ! dimitri examine nikki 's face . dimitri where be my money ? trent ( but in ) what money ? nikki I do not have it . ritchie get to he foot . ritchie I have the bag . all eye on ritchie . trent listen , dimitri , whatever 's go on , it look like you have everything under control here . so , we be just gonna get outta you hair and go party some place else , alright ? trent and Heather turn and get a face full of iosif . ritchie tell frankenstein to go easy on the girl and I x11 tell you where it be . dimitri give iosif another nod . iosif rush over and knock ritchie out cold . 73. int . iosif 's car / trunk - night muffled russian rap music fill the darkness . ritchie wake up . his wrist be tie . he manage to get to he phone . he turn it on to a '' no signal '' screen . the light illuminate the tight space . Bobby 's body be cramme in next to he , wrap in plastic . ritchie hey ! he kick and scream until the music stop . the trunk open . alexei block the moonlight . he pull ritchie out . his phone go fly in the struggle . ext . cabin / backyard - night they be in the middle of nowhere . darkness surround they . a small cabin sit in the distance ; the light be on inside . a old wooden shed sit a few yard away from it . alexei drag ritchie by the car . iosif sit on the hood . headlights illuminate the ground . they pass talia and Chuck , also wrap in plastic , dead in the dirt . a bit closer and ritchie see nikki , chest deep in a hole , shoveling . alexei throw he to the ground . she 's excited to see he . makeup and sweat run down she face . she drop she shovel and claw at the edge of the hole to get closer . nikki ( whisper ) we be fuck , ritchie . we be so fuck . iosif ( 0.s. ) ( thick Russian accent ) where be money ? ritchie give nikki a reassure nod and get to he foot . 74 . ritchie one last time ... let she go . a deafening gunshot ring out through the night air . nikki collapse into a pile of dead weight and disappear . ritchie 's eye go wild . he drop to he knee and reach into the darkness after she , but only come up with fistful of dirt . dimitri emerge with a gun in he hand . trent right behind he . dimitri a shame . she be very good digger . ritchie turn quick , he eye burn with rage . the goons stand by ready for anything . dimitri hand alexei the gun and he holster it . dimitri ( to trent ) talk . trent yeah , okay . trent circle around to ritchie . he keep he distance . trent listen , ritchie ... this guy be not negotiate . I know what they be say sound a lot like question but they be really not ask . just tell they where the money be . heavy breathe come from ritchie but not one move . trent they be gonna put you in that hole with she . be that what you want ? ritchie where 's Pete ? 75 . trent he 's on he way . alexei and iosif drag talia and Chuck to the hole . they toss they in . trent throw dimitri a look before get in a bit closer . trent ( quiet ) Pete say you have a kid in the hospital . ritchie 's eye go to trent . trent do you want this guy to go see he ? because if I tell they , that 's exactly what they 'il do . they 's 11 go bring you boy back here and put he right there in that hole , too . ritchie look at trent hard . ritchie I be wait for Pete . trent give up and head back to dimitri . trent he 's wait for Pete . dimitri give alexei a nod . they drag ritchie to the nearby shed . they toss he in like a rag doll and bolt the door behind they . the man walk to the cabin . iosif stop and turn he car off . int . shed - night ritchie sit up and try to make out he surroundings . the shed be empty except for some bucket , a few empty crate and a beat - up bicycle . he bite at he restraint but the rope do not give . 76 . int . cabin / kitchen - night the kitchen look like it have not be touch since the seventies . the man take they seat at the table . trent try to comfort Heather . alexei turn on a small radio and russian rap fill the room . iosif take Heather from the hand and lead she to the table . dimitri you dance , yes ? she throw a concerned look at trent and he throw she back a reassure nod . she climb up onto the table . shed Light come shine through the shed 's wood plank . ritchie get to he foot . he look through the crack . ritchie 's Pov a car approach . it stop . the door swing open . Pete step out . he walk to the cabin . int . cabin / kitchen - night Heather be give the man a pretty good show . Pete enter . trent jump up . trent Pete ! what the fuck , man ? pete sit down . trent sit down . Heather stop dance . alexei turn down the radio . Heather start 77 . pete ( to dimitri ) tell I I do not come all the way to this shithole for a fuck bachelor party . dimitri ( eye on Heather ) I make call to boss . they be upset , but not surprised . ( to Heather ) please , continue . shaking she stuff again . pete so we be good ? dimitri no , not good . pete what do you mean ? I give you the asshole that blow you wife 's head off and you take care of Bobby . we be all good . alexei turn the music up again . trent ( to Pete ) dimitri notice a big '' bag ' of 's cash '' miss from he closet . pete how big ? trent two hundred and fifty gs. pete where be they ? trent the girl 's in the hole . ritchie 's in the shed ? pete where 's the shed ? 78 . int . shed - night the door swing open . Pete stand in the doorway with dimitri 's goons behind he . ritchie sit in the corner . pete get he up ! he storm out as they storm in . ext . cabin / backyard - night ritchie be drag back to the hole . pete leave we . the goons go to the car . ritchie can barely stand . pete I need that money , ritchie . ritchie look he in the eye . ritchie I need a cigarette . Pete watch he carefully . pete ( to the goons ) hey ! do either of you meathead smoke ? '' sigareta '' ? alexei approach . he pull out he pack and hand Pete a cigarette . ritchie notice alexei 's gun , holster inside he jacket . Pete put the cigarette in ritchie 's mouth . alexei light it . he light one for himself as he walk back to the car . ritchie take a huge drag . his bound hand come up and take the cigarette from he lip . his wrist be badly bruise . he bring they back down into the darkness and empty he lung into the mountain air . 79 . ritchie ( re : the hole ) they kill she for nothing . pete she shot he wife . ritchie it be a accident . pete be that what you think ? I think she be not ready for that much blood . I think she get scared . do not wanna go through it alone ... look for a friend . ritchie be lock on the hole . ritchie it 's in my car . pete you car ? ritchie in the trunk . pete be you lie to I ? ritchie take another massive drag . Pete study he face . he take off toward the cabin . pete ( to the goons ) put he back . iosif grab ritchie and push he back into the shed . int . shed - night the door shut behind he and the lock snap shut . ritchie press he face to the crack . 80 . ritchie”s Pov Pete motion to iosif to get into he car . he mumble something to alexei who head back inside . Pete get into he car and drive off with iosif . back in the shed ritchie quickly turn around and produce the cigarette . he hold it near he rope and try to get a burn go . he take a few drag to keep the tip light and go to work on the fiber . int . cabin / kitchen - night Heather be down to she bra and panty . alexei approach and whisper into dimitri 's ear . trent look on with a nervous gaze . dimitri stand up and take Heather 's hand . dimitri come . we go now . trent move in as dimitri help Heather off the table . trent go where , exactly ? dimitri to bedroom ... for the sex . trent the sex ? dimitri , that 's my girl . you can not just -- alexei block he way . dimitri and Heather disappear into the bedroom . the door close behind they . trent slump back into he chair . 81. int . shed - night the cigarette 's down to a roach . sweat pour down ritchie 's face . a few fiber begin to give . slowly , one strand pop apart and that 's all it take . ritchie use all he strength and tear himself free . he rub he wrist and go for the bicycle . int . cabin / kitchen - night moaning come from the bedroom . trent exchange look with alexei . alexei reach over and turn up the russian rap . ext . shed - night the door be kick into a cloud of splinter . ritchie walk out with the bicycle 's chain wrap tight around he fist . int . cabin / kitchen - night there 's a knock at the door . alexei give trent a pat on the back as he go to it . he open the door and ... ritchie 's chained fist land on alexei 's cheek like a wrecking ball . his face be split open . he 's send fly across the tiny kitchen . he crash onto the table and do not get up . trent be already on he foot as ritchie enter - bloody and panting like a wild animal . trent ritchie ! thank God ! we gotta get out of here ! ritchie drive he metal - clad fist deep into trent 's skull . he 's send crash through the bedroom door revealing Heather on the bed masturbate , and dimitri sit ina nearby chair with he pants around he ankle . 82 . bedroom ritchie stomp in . ritchie ( to dimitri ) do not get up . with one swing , dimitri be send to the floor ; blood spatter all over Heather . ritchie pick he up and put he back into he chair . Heather be hysterical . ritchie ( to Heather ) out . Heather get the hell out of there . she hop over trent . he crawl away after she . ritchie undoe the chain from he bloody fist . dimitri 's face be tear open . he barely cling to consciousness . ritchie it 's not you money anymore . call you boss . straighten it out . we do not see each other again , yes ? dimitri turn he bloody head to look at he . dimitri you be dead man . you family ... you friend ... it be not cliché , it be promise . ritchie look tired and disappointed . he hurry to the kitchen . kitchen ritchie go to alexei . he pull out the gun from inside he jacket . he make sure it 's load . 83. trent be half way across the kitchen now . ritchie put one round into the radio and shut it up . bedroom ritchie jam the gun into dimitri 's gape cheek . dimitri shriek . ritchie we be do , yes ? dimitri fuck ... you . ritchie look he in the eye . blood pour from he face and all over the gun . ritchie hesitates , but finally pull the trigger . int . kitchen trent be inch from the exit . ritchie stop to put a bullet in alexei 's head . he walk across the tear up kitchen and get to trent . trent 's face be barely hold together as he scratch at the doorstep . ritchie push he head to the floor with the tip of he gun . one shot paint the welcome mat red . ext . cabin / backyard - night ritchie approach the hole . he go to iosif 's car and turn the headlight on . he look down at the hole but see only darkness . he drop to he knee and reach down into it . he grab at anything for a while before finally find something . he steady himself , and with one hard pull , he drag nikki out of the hole . he wipe the hair and dirt from she face ; she 's still beautiful , even in death . 84 . int . iosif 's car ritchie carefully prop nikki up in the back seat . he get in the front . he look at she through the rearview mirror . she almost look like she 's sleep . ritchie turn the key and the engine roar to life . int . cabin / kitchen the car crash through the door and stall in the middle of the kitchen . ritchie stumble out and go to alexei . he look through he pocket and come up with he lighter . he grab Heather 's discard dress and head to the back of the car . he unscrew the gas tank and shove the dress deep into the hole . he take one last look at nikki . he flick the lighter and light it up . int . trentas mercede ritchie drop into the driver 's seat and start up the engine . the car take off like a rocket . ext . cabin the whole place go up in a huge fireball . ext . country road - night the mercede cut through the dark countryside . the tire scream with every curve . 85 . int . trent 's mercede - night - traveling ritchie look up ahead and see Heather in he headlight . her bare skin glow as he approach . she stumble out of the way and disappear in he rearview . int . pete 's car - night - traveling Pete and iosif cruise in silence . suddenly , light shine through Pete 's mirror and into he eye . he squint at the approach headlight . pete look at this prick . ext . country road - night ritchie plows trent 's mercede into pete 's car . it swerve off the road and straight into a tree . the mercede grind to a stop . ritchie get out . he hold he gun tight as he approach the wreck . smoke and fluid spew out of the demolish car . there 's break glass and piece of engine everywhere . iosif lay face down a few foot from the mess . ritchie quickly fire a shot into he as he pass . he slowly approach the driver 's side . Pete 's face be glue to the steering wheel . he pull he back against the seat and search through he pocket ... pete ( groggy ) ritchie ? ritchie ignore he and keep search . Pete 's face be cover in blood . ritchie find he gun and shove it into the back of he pants . he continue search Pete 's pocket . pete ritchie ? 86 . ritchie ( search ) you get blood in you eye , asshole . ritchie come up with nothing . pete you gotta get I out of here , ritchie ... I do not feel right . ritchie watch he struggle . ritchie I 'il help you , Pete ... but you have to do something for I first . you know the drill . pete anything you want ... name it . ritchie when you see the Devil ... ritchie point the gun at Pete 's forehead . Pete can not see it through the blood . ritchie ... tell he we be even . bang ! he toss the gun and walk off . ext . country road - night the road be hard on Heather 's bare foot . she stagger down the dark road with nothing but she earring on . a light come up from the horizon . a car quickly approach . she try desperately to flag it down , but the beat - up mercede speed by she again . her arm drop to she side . the car disappear . ext . trent 's mercede - night - traveling the bumper dangle from a thread . only one headlight illuminate the road . 87 . ext . cabin - night the flame continue to engulf the building . ritchie pull up . he get out and hurry towards the blaze . he search the ground where the car be park . the flame pick up something shiny a few foot away - he phone . he pick it up and head back to the mangle mercede . he take one last look at the raging fire . ext . country road - night Heather shuffles across the middle of the road like a naked zombie . a lonely headlight appear in the distance and get closer . she do not even bother to look this time . the mercede come to a stop behind she . she turn and see ritchie at the wheel . ext . CITY STREET - night the mercede struggle past empty street . ext . '' pink monkey studio '' / parking lot - night ritchie barely manage to park it before the engine die . a sign hang over the spot that read : '' trent rothstein - producer '' . int . trentas mercede ritchie pull the key from the ignition and hand they to Heather . she have he suit jacket drape over she shoulder . ritchie one of that should get you into the office . you can get some clothes , get clean up . ritchie leave she in the jalopy . 88. ext . '' pink monkey studio '' / STREET - night ritchie 's car be right where he leave it . he pop open the trunk and take out the duffel bag . he open it up and pull out nikki 's gun . he pull he from he pants and shove it in the bag . int . ritchie 's car he toss in the bag and get behind the wheel . his phone buzy and startles he . he check the screen and answer it quick . ritchie hello ? nurse ( v.o. ) ( over phone , filter ) Mr. boland ? ext . '' pink monkey studio 's S '' / entrance Heather fumble with the key to the front door . ritchie ( 0.s. ) hey ! she turn and see ritchie in he car . she approach . ritchie hand she nikki 's gun . he speed away . int . hospital / hallway - night ritchie turn the corner , duffel bag in hand . the nurse greet he with a smile . it quickly fade as he approach ; he 's cover in blood and dirt . nurse oh my god. 89 . he look like he 's be through Hell and back . nurse be you alright ? ritchie peachee . int . hospital / nursery - night ritchie scrub he hand vigorously . blood and dirt circle the drain . he wash he face and neck and get as much of the night off of he as he can . he grab some clean scrub . he put they on and turn to find two nightshift nurse stare at he . he pick up he bag and walk past row of incubator and finally get to he boy . ritchie ( whisper ) hey , buddy . the little guy open he eye and look up at he . ritchie 's eye tear up . griswalt ( 0.s. ) Mr. boland ? ritchie 's moment be cut short . he turn around to find sergeant griswalt , early 50 's , stand behind he with officer lee , mid 30 's , in uniform , close by . griswalt Richard boland ? the nurse pop up from behind they . nurse ( to ritchie ) that be blood on you clothes ... I be sorry . 90 . int . hospital / office - night Medical chart and poster cover the wall . griswalt sit on the desk while Officer Lee stand near the door . ritchie be slump in the chair between they , the duffel at he foot . griswalt you go on a trip ? ritchie look over at Officer Lee by the door . griswalt do you know where detective Peter sommerse be , ritchie ? ritchie do not answer . griswalt look over at Lee before reach into he jacket . he pull out nikki 's phone and set it down on the desk . ritchie focus on it . griswalt he say you might show up here if thing go south at the cabin . told I to hold you down until he show up . but he 's not answer he phone . he have ritchie 's attention now . griswalt detective sommerse be involved in a multitude of illegal activity include blackmail , robbery , drug deal and murder . you know why I use the past tense , right ? griswalt pick up the phone and approach he . griswalt about a hour ago , detective Peter sommerse ... be find wrap around a tree , in the middle of nowhere , like some early Christmas present . 91 . he stop in front of ritchie . griswalt ( beat ) he will not be miss . he toss ritchie the phone . griswalt my new promotion 's get I ina giddy mood , so I be gonna give you a few day before come after you . I suggest you use they wisely and get the hell out of dodge asa - fuck - p . griswalt join Lee at the door . ritchie what about the Russians ? griswalt last I hear the place be still burn . they be not gonna find anything out there but ash . ritchie you be just gonna let I walk ? griswalt casually approach with a smile . griswalt time can bury a lot of thing , ritchie . but some thing ... you gotta bury yourself . they exit . ritchie look down at nikki 's phone . the screen flash '' battery low '' . he drop it in the trash . he grab he bag and head down the hall . int . hospital / hallway for the first time , a smile appear on ritchie 's face . his stride get more confident as he head back to the nursery . suddenly , a loud voice blare over the PA system . 92 . voice ( over PA , filter ) code pink ! code pink ! ritchie 's smile be history . nurse and orderly rush past he down the hall . they burst through the nursery 's entrance . a beautiful angelic voice pierce through the chaos and drown out all the sound - a choir singer belt out a haunt hymn as ritchie approach the nursery 's open doorway . the medical staff struggle to resuscitate he boy . the voice hit its highest note as the heart monitor flat - line . all emotion drain out of ritchie 's face . int . downtown church - day a cavernous altar , light up only by candle . a choir be in the middle of a practice . the angelic voice continue to engulf all the world 's sound . it belong to a beautiful young girl at the front of the group . a few parishioner be spread out in the pews . ritchie sit way in the back row . his trademark frown plant firmly back on he face ; he hand on the duffel bag beside he . he 's motionless , lose in think , watch , but not focus . a priest emerge from a confessional and greet one of the parishioner . the girl 's voice fight to get into ritchie 's heart , but suddenly give up . silence . ritchie snap out of he trance . he look down at the bag and slowly take away he hand . 93 . he get up . the priest spot he . ritchie walk out . the duffel stay behind . the priest approach . ext . downtown church tstep ritchie stand in the cool morning air . he light a cigarette and take the smoke deep into he lung . police siren in the distance . car horn and the yell of driver in the throw of road - rage mix with jumble music and a ton of indiscernible CITY noise . ritchie take it all in . the chaos speak to he . ritchie ( sotto ) shit . he flick he cigarette away . int . downtown church the priest have the duffel open . his eye wide at the sight of the cash inside . priest praise the lord . a hand reach in and quickly cut he moment short . the priest jump back as ritchie take the bag . he even fight to let go for a second ; joy replace with shock . ritchie sorry , father . forget my bag . ritchie exit and leave the priest stand there , speechless . 94 . ext . ritchie 's car ritchie toss the bag into he car before drop into the driver 's seat . he start it up fast and peel out even faster . he disappear into the chaos . fade out . the end