the master written by Paul Thomas Anderson 1952 int . hospital room - day a young man , freddie sutton ( early 20 ) _ speak to a doctor ; doctor what be you go to do when you get out of here ? you be go to have to wear a belt for six month , maybe a year ... freddie what kind of belt ? doctor a surgical belt . you will not be able to do very heavy lift . freddie . I try to stay away from that . doctor but you spend time outdoors . freddie mmmm doctor what do you do ? freddie doctor you do not have very much on you when you be admit . where be you go ? freddie I be on my way to placerville . to the Fair . have a job wait for I , with a friend of mine . he do not know where I be . doctor how old be you , freddie ? freddie 28 . 2 . doctor why do not you turn honest ? you seem like a intelligent fellow . ' Quick on you foot - you like to drink ? freddie it 's a weakness . but I like it . doctor I know what the other be too . freddie how can you tell that ? I be clean . doctor the tattoo 's . freddie be that a weakness ... doctor no one ever make money chase girl . freddie you be wrong . this tatoo 's my auntie . doctor who 's that ? freddie my auntie bertha , ( she raise I . ) but that do not mean I do not have a weakness ... doctor College ? freddie I try that , it do not work . doctor why would you leave ? freddie sometimes my hypo 's get the best of I , I really feel like walk into the street and hit people 's hat off . doctor that 's how you end up like this . with a burst appendix . 3. freddie that 's when I know it 's time to get to the sea .. what kind of belt ? doctor a medical belt . similar for lift . you be go to need some money . what do you plan to do ? freddie I be go to pay back the hospital . and you . doctor you do not owe I anything . I be on surgical duty . but you be expect to pay the hospital for medicine . and you belt . freddie alright . I intend to do that . you say you have a job for I ? what ? as a orderly ? doctor you could not be a orderly , it 's too much lift -- and a lot of thing you would have to learn . but maybe you could run a elevator , something of that sort . freddie I want to get out of here , but I also like it here . you think I be gonna die ? doctor I know you be , freddie . freddie I do not know . I be not say you do not save I ... . but ... I can not seem to die . doctor too lucky ? freddie something like that . doctor be you in the service ? freddie yes , sir . doctor navy ? 4. freddie doctor freddie doctor you luck be up this time , freddie . you should have see the pus in you belly . something to think about . it 's not too late to stop be a weisnheimer , no matter what you think . you be still a young man . dissolve to : int . elevator - day freddie sit in a chair , run the elevator . bored . move up and down .. . start music . carry over the following sequence . CUT to : int . hospital . week later . night . freddie , middle of the night , sneak across the ward to a sleep patient 's bed . he go into the drawer next to the bed , grab wallet / cash hallway , doctor' office freddie place a note on the door of the Doctor . he walk away , camera see the note , it read : " I 've gone to china . see you again sometime . thank you for you help . " int . gambling club / california - night freddie amongst a group of men play card , dice , etc , in a backroom gambling hall . he collect some money and leave . very very smoky here . CUT to : 5 . ext . alley way - later freddie walk into the alley , stuff some money in he pocket - he 's follow by a figure . freddie realize , stop , spin around and pull knife : freddie you come any closer and I will slice you gut - figure I be not after you dough , I just want to talk with you - freddie you can talk stand in front of the restaurant , around the corner -- at that moment , two other men come out of the shadow and jump freddie , knock he around , take he money and leave . he 's leave a little bloody , messy , no money in the alley . CUT to : int . caldwell' department store - day freddie 's get a job work in the portrait studio of a oakland , california department store . he look from behind the old camera , get reaction . we see the various people in sequence : military men , single lady , family , toddler , old couple , youthful just married couple . get there photo be taken . he interact with they all . CUT to : int . caldwell' department store . day . camera lead around a beautiful young woman name : donna ( 20 ) who be modell a fur coat for the female customer in the cosmetics section . donna Hand make . import . chinchilla . only $ 49.99 she catch the eye of freddie watch she . she move around snake towards he .. . cameraâ° lead he out of the photo department and towards she , and they meet in the middle ; 6 . donna ( cont 'd ) only $ 49.99 , hand - make , import . freddie you have a break come ? donna yes . freddie when ? donna 15 minute . a back hallway , back closet , moment later . he get he little flask out ... freddie I see you . donna I see you first . freddie what 's you name ? donna donna . what 's yours ? freddie freddie . donna that 's a nice name . freddie this be homemade .. donna be it gonna kill I ? freddie yes . she sip it . make a face . horrible . donna uugugh . freddie taste good ? 7. donna yeah . they kiss each other . donna ( cont 'd ) I have a apricot belly . want to see it ? she show he she stomach . donna ( cont 'd ) I be really a very good girl . what give you this idea about I ? freddie maybe we think the same thing at the same time . donna oh my good - ness . I think we do . want to see my boob ? freddie yes . she pull she top down , the coat drap around her-reveal she breast - donna be they nice ? freddie yes . donna Hand make . chinchilla . import . that 's enough . she pull she top back up . freddie wanna go out tonight ? donna of course . gllllagh . what 's in this ? I think I be cross eye for good . freddie I do not have any cigarettes ... donna what do you make this liquor with ? 8. freddie there 's secret in liquor , this be just booze . CUT to : ext . department store . moment later . they exit , move away from each other , both drunk .. CUT to : int . portrait studio area . later . freddie be very drunk and deal with a very irritable / vain business man who can not stop do he hair ... freddie make some smart ass comment ( tbd ) to the man . they argue back and forth until : freddie lose he temper with the man and snap . he knock over a light , decide to steal the camera while he's at it and take he home made booze of film processing chemicals with he . the whole time ranting and raving at this man . security guard come after he , freddie run off , through the store - donna watch he go . he shout a few sweet word to her as he goe -- CUT to : int . sprekle sugar factory / best farm - salinas , calif - day maybe a few month later , freddie look worse for wear . he 's be hire to work at a beet distillate as a bench chemist . the foreman walk he though the process ; it 's clear that there be enough chemical and beet here to make some good booze ... mexican and filipino worker harvest the beet , load they to wagon - unload / wash - end up with freddie : he work the bench , make he home made vodka . this stuff be quite toxic and very strong . he place it in small , side container be -- CUT to : 9 . int . bunkhouse - evening . freddie and all the worker get ready for a night out . he 's get the fillipino 's and mexican 's work for he squeezing lemon and lime , apple , beet juice , in with homemade potion . CUT to : int . largrange dance hall - night . a local dance hall outside salinas . scene begins in the middle of a fight with freddie / farm worker and some local kide . freddie be very very viscious in this fight . CUT to : int . car - moving all of the men with freddie have pile into a car . there be one fillipino man who be extremely drunk he 's pass out and moan a little ... his young friend say , " he drank way too much . " freddie . somebody shut he up .. CUT to : int . beet / sugar factory . bunkhouse . later it 's the middle of the night and all the worker , include freddie be asleep . across the room the drunk filipino 's condition have get worse ... the younger filipino man wake other up for help . . . the drunken man be mumble " I be blind .. " " I be die .. " " my eye .. " freddie take notice , come closer ... start to size up the severity of the situation . and realize he may / doe have something to do with this ... .he back away quietly - and start to throw some thing into a bag ... . when some of the filipino's notice he starting to leave , they yell after he ... . freddie take off ... 10 . and the filipino's give chase .. . they move into the farm field . extend out . chase through the field freddie just running and running as fast as he can ... CUT to : ext . highway - later . later . off the side of the highway . freddie collect himself , obviously run for the past hour and evade the filipino 's . he hitches now ... CUT to : ext . dock / san francisco - hiring hall - night . Inside the crowded hiring hall , sailor , man look for work , etc . freddie put he name down . this be a short burst of a scene , establish he want to get back to sea , want work , but there 's nothing for a few week . ext . dock / san francisco - night . various angle . freddie make he way around the dock , look for something / anything . play out . he come across a ship that 's be readied for voyage . it 's a old cattle trawler that seem convert to some kind of cruise ship / private yacht - type vessel . there 's a buzz of get ready around the ship also a minor cocktail party in progress . ( light music play from the ship ... ) deckhand prepare to ship out , etc ... freddie approach the gang-plank ... no one be there to guard it . he walk straight up the gang plank and get on board the ship . angle , on board . camera follow he around ... no one seem to notice or care ... he go down below ... angle , below deck . he sneak around ... some young men be get dress in tuxedos . 11 . this play itself out ... freddie find a small closet with a tuxedo and slip it on . he get swallow up into this group of young man and act as if he belong -- . the ship pull away . heading out san francisco BAY ... . freddie heading up into a well appointed cabin ... a cocktail party be in full swing as the ship leave s.f. there be all manner of people here , in this area , everyone seem quite happy , chatty . Middle age couple , single middle - age man , young couple , some kid , teenager , etc . freddie work near the bar , start deliver drink ... a live piano trio play . freddie notice : a large man in he mid - 40s , all red-hair , red eyebrow , red lip sing and dance while hold a baby it 's a bit blurry across the room from freddie 's Pov the song end and everyone laugh , applaud , collapse . kide run around ... CUT to : int . MAIN dinner cabin . later . everyone seat for dinner ; we now see the red haire man in full : master of ceremonies ( early 40 's ) he sit at the head of the table , he family with he : he wife : mary sue ( pregnant , mid - 20 ) he daughter : elizabeth ( 18 ) elena ( 3 ) susanah ( 1 ) he son : val ( 20 ) a right hand man to master be : norman conrad ( 40s ) angle , the bar . the bartender whisper to freddie ; indicate he 's poured two shot for they to sneak ... freddie and the bartender reach and grab they , shoot they back ... instantly , freddie's head pound . bartender you feel alright ? freddie yeah , fine . 12 . another server why do not you go lay down , I will take over ... freddie walk off . freddie do not seem drunk he seem drugged . he walk down the hall - and in a instant fall flat on he face . dead weight . he 's drag off . fade out . CUT to : int . SMALL dark room - later . freddie wake up master of ceremonies be here along with mary sue and norman conrad do the speak at first , freddie in and out of consciousness : norman conrad how be you do ? freddie alright . what be this ? norman conrad how would you get on this shit ? freddie I walk . norman conrad why ? freddie I be just look f'work ... I be work here . master of ceremonies you need to sit down . freddie I need to sit down . freddie be already sit in a chair they have he in . freddie ( cont 'd ) whatdchu put in my drink ? norman conrad you have be sedate . freddie I be sleepy . 13 . norman conrad I know you be . but you need to wake up now . be sharp and wake up ... can you do that for I ? I want you to ask some question about why you be here .. .how you come to be on this ship ... freddie . I just need the work . wasinmy drink ? norman conrad you should not be here , this be a private trip . freddie . I be a good worker .. iknowthese ship ... beat . freddie just look at he , then master speak : master of ceremonies you be a able body seamen ? freddie I be . master you have have you appendix remove . freddie master why do not you just ask if you could join this ship ? we be always look for new member , we would have be happy to have you , no need for skulking or sneaking . freddie master you need work ? we would love to have you work . you can work for we and we company . . .we have a wonderful company ... freddie yeah ? whatdo you do you company ? master this be the company where past , present and future come together . freddie 14 . master tell I why you be on my ship . freddie I just want to go to sea . I be look for a berth -- master what 's wrong with where you be ? freddie I be a seamen . master what wrong with the world from where you be ? freddie I like be at sea . ( I be a sailor . ) pause . freddie close he eye , sleepy a minute .. , then : master you be a Russian spy . do you hear I ? wake up , freddie . freddie what do you want ? . what 's you name ? master we have tell you . you be a russian spy . what be you escape . freddie nothing . master you do something . freddie I be here to work , I know ship ... master you do not know ? freddie no . I do not know - what ? master you be a little drunk and sleepy . freddie more than a little watchu put in my drink . 15 . master more than a little . you work for Dick quinn . freddie Dick . master richard quinn freddie do not know he . / no master you work for the ama . CIA . freddie . you get alotta question .. master you work for Bill christos and he friend at the apa . freddie I do not know you ... master and you pick this ship at random ? freddie yes , sir . master how long have you be sleep ? freddie I just wake up . master what 's you name ? freddie my name be freddie sutton . 40114-78 master you be in the navy ? freddie yes . master do you ever kill anyone ? 16 . freddie hah . master who do you kill ? freddie I fire and fix torpedo room , USS Barton . yes , I kill people . I will kill you . master you feel agressive ? freddie wakemeup . master where be you from ? freddie you know where - dn'ask I what you know ... wakemeup wakemeup wakemeup come on wakemeup . master you be from Princeton , New Jersey you identification say but that 's quite a long way away from San Francisco . what be you do ? freddie -- I toldju I be just try to get to sea . master why do you pick this ship ? freddie it be leave ... master do you come here to find out information ? freddie it be leave ... master do you come here to find out information ? freddie no , sir . 17 . master who send you here ? freddie you make I feel like I be in hell . lemme wake up or lemme sleep . master well you shouldnt drink so much liquor , it 's bad for the system . you be hurt yourself . pause . freddie be slip out of it . master ( cont 'd ) would you like to stay with we a little while ? freddie sure . master we can give you the guidance you need in you life . freddie thanks . master we can give you the guidance you need in you life . freddie thanks . master why you do not you just get some more rest ? freddie long pause . freddie 's eye close ane he pass out again . master this boy be just a simple stow -away . all thing he say he be . mary sue I believe ... master fiddle around with he thing , belonging , wallet , out on a table . he look at the flask . smell it . pour the content into a glass ; look at the liquid . 18 . he drink it . he let it run down he body , feel the drink . he drink some more . master delicious ... delicious norman conrad there should be nothing above suspicion . CUT to : ext . hallway - moment later freddie be drag by to assistant down the narrow hallway of the ship . . . down another hallway , down another ... CUT to : ext . the ship - pacific ocean - night . camera move with the ship , silently moving along at night .. . sees the light glow from inside ... CUT to : int . room - morning . cu . freddie . Morning sun come in , hit he in the face . wake he up . he look around . he look out the window . CUT to : int . hallway - ship - moment later freddie walk out , look around . . .he walk down the hall , a young girl pass he , smile wide and say " good morning , " ad keep walk ... he move towards a room where he hear a typewriter . he step in the doorway . master sit at he desk , write gear all around . master look up , see he , stop type ... smile . extends he arm out for freddie to come in and take a seat .. . master be warm , invite . not rush . they sort of sit and settle with each a moment ; 19 . master ok ? freddie alright . master you can not be ... freddie be this you ship ? master I be it 's Commander , yes . freddie where 's it go ? master New York City through the canal . you be seamen ? freddie yes . master you be look for work ? freddie . what do I say last night ...? master you say you be a able body seamen and you be look for work ? freddie you have any ? master perhaps . freddie what be in my drink ? master you be sedate with chloral hydrate and bubble gum kiss . ha ha ha . I be sure if you check you butt-hole you will find it 's all in work order ( he he he ... ) be not that what all man be worried about in they surrender themselves . freddie I do not surrender myself . 20 . master you be act very aggressive because you drank too much alcohol . freddie I do not think I be . master yes I think you be . and I do not like strange boy jump on my ship . freddie so what be you gonna do ? master why do not you just ask for work ? work can not be hard to find . freddie depend on when you be ready to go ... do you have a job for I . master you can not work in you condition . freddie what condition be that ? master you be aberrate . freddie what 's that mean ? master a wander from the path the problem you have in you life ( you appendix , you work , you need to batter you body with booze ... ) I resolve that they can be fix . freddie I have get no trouble . you get a job for I to do , I can do it . master maybe I do , but not the kind you think . freddie do you own this ship ? 21 . master a charter though the explorer 's Club . freddie . what do you do ? master I be many thing . I be writer , a doctor , a nuclear physicist , a theoretical philosopher . above all , I be a man , a hopelessly inquisitive man , just like you . freddie where 's you money come from ? master many year of successful write and publishing have make I self sufficient . reader 's in all language have enjoy my work - but now I be retire to study the mid and the spirit ... my life 's true work . freddie master this study have make I a target and I be hunt for what I know . which be why ... it be so un - wise to go lurking and jump on strange ship .. .how do we know what you motive be ? freddie . well : I apologize if I get a little out of hand last night - I be just ... look for work and you ship look good , so ... it 's a nice look ship . master do not apologize . you be a scoundrel . how I miss the day of work a four master schooner with nothing but salt horse , dry peas and a couple quart of water .. . the present - day maritimer 's seem so much more fragile , do not you think ? you - you be and adventurer . freddie 22 . master a able body seamen , a maker of wine , and a dash mischievousness be what I know would come to I in this - lifetime . . would you study with I ? submit yourself ? freddie I do not understand what you be talk about . master I be always look for mature man of unusual ability who be willing to stretch the boundary of what they know . to increase know - ness and communication amongst man . I need day - to . and with you help , I can gather it ... freddie master you already understand , you just need to remember . and only say yes . say , ' yes . ' freddie I be not say yes to anything I do not understand -- master hold up the flask .. master what 's-about-this ? ' freddie what about it ? master as a scientist and a conniseur I have no idea the content of this remarkable potion , what 's in it . freddie secret . master can you make more ? freddie maybe 23 . master I will grant you a full reprive from you naughtiness as a stow - away if you make we some more . I must admit I sample some and end up drink it all . freddie it 's just booze . master horrible hooch ? freddie horrible hooch . beat . they both smile , laugh a little . master get up and come over he ... master would you scrub yourself up and make yourself clean ? my daughter be get marry . come and join we and leave you worry for a while , they will still be there when you get back ..he he he . you be invite . CUT to : int . little room - later . freddie in a little room , showered , cleaned up , nice suit on , check the mirror and exit ... int . / ext . ship - moment later - day . master wait for he - they walk together ... camera lead they - they go up on deck ... out into the pacific ocean AIR ... master I think we have know each other before you and I - freddie oh yeah ? master it will come out over time , but yes . we be re-unite ... do you reember I ? 24 . freddie . I do not know ... master that 's alright . do not strain yourself . you will . there will be much time to discuss this on the journey to we destination . as we travel down time - hole ... you will not be afraid will you ? freddie . what destination ? master have you ever have harm cme to you ? freddie sure . master what if we could return to a period of you life where there be harm and do away with it ? . would you like that ? freddie ok . master that 's where we go . they come across all the people on board . they walk into the group . everyone be get ready for a wedding . . . they greet master and freddie . he walk into it and be welcome would ... master find he daughter , elizabeth , who be to be marry and she husband - to - be clark ( 20 ) he introduce they to freddie - ext . deck of ship . afternoon . zoom back from cu . on master as he preside over he daughter 's wedding . elizabeth and clark . everyone dress up ; master say some sweet , . beautiful word and then ; master .as long as you hold this body , in this life : you may kiss the bride . they kiss . applause , cheer . cu . freddie . he listen and watch . CUT to : 25 . int . dinner cabin . night . it 's mid-dinner , post - wedding ceremony party , everyone be celebrate , drink . master talk a blue streak , act this out . master now , now , now , how ' bout this : here it come - swoop down on I : a large dragon , teeth and blood dripping ! red eye ! what do I go ? a lasoooo ! whip it up , wrap it around it 's neck . I wrastle , wrastle , wrastle them to the ground - I snap up , I say : sit . everyone laugh , master be act all this out , roll around , etc as if he 's training a dog ... master ( cont 'd ) Dragon sit . I say : stay . sragon stay . so now he 's get a leash on and he 's stay on my command - that " S what where be at with it now - it stay on command . everyone be laugh , lap it all up . he glance ; master ( cont 'd ) next we be gonna teach it to roll over and play dead . master sit down , start speak to someone about he day study judo ... freddie , sit up at the dinner table - across the table be : val , strike up conversation : val freddie , I be Val , the son . freddie hello . val be you have a good time ? freddie yes . val what be you goign to be work on ? 26 . freddie I do not really know . val have you do any time - hole work ? freddie I do not think so . val be distract by a well wisher who come over . freddie look around at everyone . all the face have a good time and celebrate ... he catch the eye of a young woman . . . then see she husband ... the bartender come over to freddie bartender alright , old man ? freddie yeah . bartender no hard feeling ? freddie no . bartender welcome aboard . clif amsbury . he serve he a drink . bartender ( cont 'd ) this one 's alright . chink , chink . angle , later . master be say good - night to everyone , pass freddie and say quietly : master when can we have some of you potion ? freddie whenever you would like . I will get make it - master when I would like it - I will give you a signal . I will scratch my ear and rub my nose . what will you need ? 27 . freddie I will take care of it . master make he way down the table try to say goodbye to everyone , he finally tear away from the party by saying : master enough ! enough ! I must get back to work ! keep go ! do stop all night long ! he leave . freddie just look around , catch up in it all . CUT to : int . room - later . freddie come down into he little room . a cot have be make for he , some fresh clothes and a book ( hardcover , 400 page ) on the bed . it read , very simply : the cause cu . book " the cause " the cover be open , camera sees in cu the open line from the book : " shall a man be master of he memory ? or shall he memory be the master ? " angle , freddie he lay in bed and read the book . he read about to line and he eye slam shit , asleep , still hold the book . hold . CUT to : int . MAIN deck / cabin - morning . it 's the next morning , everyone be here for breakfast , buffet style , freddie mix in amongst it all . freddie sit down to eat with mary sue , who feed she baby . the other child around . val and norman conrad be here ... mary sue he 's be write all night ... I think you have inspire something in hi , . when we be at home , on land , there 's too much , pull he in each direction . ( more ) 28 . mary sue ( cont 'd ) he be work on a book that show how the Russians use narcosynthesis and physical torture and how it work as it do . that be interrupt . he have a technology oh psychological warfare to present to the Defense Department . all that be interrupt , lose . each time he sit to write , a new attack be launch against he and he spend too much time on defend himself . I tell he to ignore it , but he 's so sensitive ... freddie who 's attack he ? mary sue people that be scared . people that be greedy . ex - wife ... that 's what 's so nice about be at sea . he get he study do , advance the learn , and he write book ii . freddie what 's a time-hole ? CUT to : int . SMALL classroom - later . it 's a dimly light little room . a few fold chair and a small stage . a young GOD looking couple : wayne and susan dunbar ( late 20 ) be on stage . she be lie down , eye close , he be sit in a chair next to she , student watch as he run a exercise with she ; Mary Sue have bring freddie in here and sit with he in the back .. . freddie watch : wayne say , " back beyond " and return to the pre - natal area . susan back beyond . back beyond . back beyond . back beyond . back beyond . back beyond . wayne continue please ... susan back beyond .. I have .. something in my face ... it feel like I be be push . 29 . wayne contact it more closely and continue to repeat . susan back beyond . back beyond . it 's get stronger . wayne continue susan I hear a voice .. it 's my father 's voice . wayne listen to the word and repeat they , please . susan he be talk to my mother . the face pressure be hurt . it 's uncomfortable . it keep go up and down and it hurt . wayne repeat he word , please . susan " I do not want to come in you now . let 's wait . " the pressure be bang my face . into my face . my mother be there , she voice ... wayne what be you mother say ? please , if you hear she ? susan she say " well get out of there then . I do not want you in I at all if you not there to come . get in to come . " she 's mad . wayne please return to the start of this and recount . susan I wonder what they be do ? I hear a squishing sound and it 's wet . oh . oh my . wayne recount please . 30 . susan a faint rhythm ... then faster . I hear my father voice say , " oh honey .. I wont come in you now . I be not too sure I like child that well and I have my job to worry about ... " and my mother must shove he - a sharper pain here - " then I don ' T in there at all , get out .. " wayne return to the beginning and recount it again , please . cu . freddie 's face listen . Mary Sue lean over and whisper : mary sue ( whisper ) do you understand what 's happen ? freddie yes . she hold she pregnant stomach ; mary sue we record everything . CUT to : int . ship - various . next morning . freddie move around , camera follow he , collect various supplies to start make a home - make potion of booze . potatoe , paint thinner , orange , yeast . ( tbd , other content of the ship ) that could go into a recipe -- CUT to : int . booze room - later . he 's set up in a area of the ship to start distill booze from the find ingredient on the ship . watch , hold this . the bartender / follower be here to give he some help . ( poss . bartender tell he how come to ' the cause ' here ... ) CUT to : 31 . int . study room - later . he walk through the library room , watching a group of follower reading , studying , talking . listening to headphone with master' voice speak . this be there study time . he slip a pair of headphone on , take a seat and listen . this be a recording of a live lecture by master : master ( v.0 . ) . someone come up to I the other day , and I have to say ... I have to correct he . he say , " I hear the Cause can fix I .. " I look down at he and he would lose he leg . he 's sit in a wheel chair and have no leg to speak of . I say , " we can do very many thing , sir ... but no , we can not replace you leg . this be how rumor get start . " let 's talk about what we can do ... freddie look around and watch all the student on they headphone . he try to flirt and make eye contact with all the women . master ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) when do you decide you have limited potential and capability ? you have forget that this be all just a dirty old game that you create . a aid ( female , 40s ) come over ; aid how you do ? freddie I be fine . aid be you follow alright ? freddie well - not really - no ... aid that 's ok . you will . do not worry - freddie how long have you be study 32 . aid a year . it take a little time . do not worry . freddie what 's you name ? aid Carol henike . you be freddie . freddie that 's right . aid just keep listen and read . if you do not udnerstand , just keep go back over it . headphone back on ... he slip the headphone back on . CUT to : int . MAIN cabin - evening . a sketch comedy show , dancing after-dinner . freddie on the sideline , watch it , not really understanding some of the humor and lyric , etc ... someone have a mop on they head and be pretend to be a psychologist with a vary thick / bad german-austiran -accent . " zee muzzer and fazzer and zee penisss and ze nippelz .. " attempt to cure a student ... everyone laugh . elizabeth ( the daughter ) come over ; elizabeth hi freddie ... freddie hi. elizabeth . I have a message for you . she rub she nose and tug she ear . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) better get along . he leave , she watch he go . CUT to : 33. int . freddie's area . moment later . he put the booze into mason jar . CUT to : int hallway - moment later following freddie holding the booze in a little mason jar . CUT to : int . master' suite . that moment . freddie pour the liquid into two glass . we hear the party outside the room , from upstair . master examine it ; master what 's in it ? freddie .drink just a little . it 's very strong . the good stuff take time . and there 's secret in good liquor . this be just booze for now ... master how be you feel , freddie ? freddie good . master rested ? freddie yes . master excite ? freddie sure . master have you make some friend ? freddie yes . 34 . master good. good . how be you feel ? freddie yeah , good . they cheer and drink . shudder at the strength of it . master I have be write ... bulagh ! feel like I go under . Dark cloud roll in . open up ... anxious to share new work - would you care for some informal processing ? freddie sure ... master well , then I gather myself ... and you be my protege and guinea pig , eh ? informal processing . master smile , excited , move to a old tape recorder , point a microphone towards freddie , look over some papers ... master ( cont 'd ) be you ready ? freddie yes . he flip the tape recorder on . master smile , read , look up ; master say you name . freddie freddie sutton . master say it again . freddie freddie sutton . master say it again . freddie freddie sutton . 35 . master might as well say it one more time just to make sure you know who you be ... freddie freddie sutton . master do you ever make thoughtless remark . freddie I usually put some think into they . master do you browse though railway timetable just for pleasure ? freddie no . master do you get occasional twitches of you muscle when there be no logical reason for it ? freddie ( flutter around goofy ) only on my good day . master do past failure bother you ? freddie no . master do past failure bother you ? freddie no . master do past failure bother you ? freddie no. ( some dice game I be in , he he . ) master so past failure bother you ? freddie . I do not know . . . you keep ask I .. no , not really . 36 . master be you life a constant struggle for survival ? freddie . not really ... .. life 's alright . master would you rather give order than take they ? freddie sure . master be you often impulsive in you behaviour . freddie .sure ... yes . master do other people interest you very much ? freddie not really ( girl ? they do ) master do you find it easy to be impartial ? freddie yeah . master be you likely to be jealous ? freddie no .about what ? master be you logical and scientific in you think ? freddie I be .. I do not know . do not care about science . master do you rarely suspect the action of other ? freddie I do not understand . 37 . master yes you do . freddie . I suspect people ... yes . sure . so ...no , rarely . most people be ass 's anyway . master be you usually truthful to other ? freddie .no ... I do not know . guess so . master be you action consider unpredictable by other people ? hold . hold . freddie seem to think about this question seriously , then : out of the pause and out of the blue he scream ; freddie bllllllllll gh . how 's that ? ( laugh hysterically ) master silly ..it good to laugh in processing .. sometimes we forget . master reach down , bring the microphone to he mouth : master ( cont 'd ) " freddie sutton , test session . May 5 , 1952 , 1800 hour . aboard he sailing vessel aletheia , en route to New York City . moc logge ad approce . " he click it off . smile at freddie ; he give he a comforting hug . master ( cont 'd ) should we sample another sip before we join they upstairs ? freddie be that it ? master for now . freddie I be ready for more if you want to ask I ... 38 . hold between the two of they . long pause . freddie ( cont 'd ) ask I , master . this be fun .. .nobody 's ask I question before -- master could you answer the next series of question without blink you eye ? to without fear and hesitation answer as quickly as you can ? freddie sure . cu . tape recorder back on . master look at I ... start now you be not to blink . if you blink we go back to the start : .infringement . you blink . start now you be not to blink . if you blink we go back to the start . do you often ponder over you own inferiority ? freddie no . master infringement . back to the start . you blink , we repeat from the start . do you often ponder over you own inferiority ? freddie yes . master do you believe that God will save you from you own ridiculousness and self contempt ? freddie no I do not . master have you ever have intercourse with a member of you family . freddie yes . 39 . pause . master have you ever have intercourse with a member of you family ? freddie yes . master .who ? freddie my. auntie . pause . master be stump for the first time ... master have you ever kill anyone ? freddie no , master maybe ? freddie not I . tape recording all this . dial moving . freddie not blinking . master have you ever kill anyone . freddie no . master how many time do you have intercourse with you aunt ? freddie Three time . master where be you aunt now ? freddie do not know . probably Princeton . master where ? 40 . freddie 45 Province Lane . master would you like to see she ? freddie no . master would you like to sleep with she again ? freddie no . master do you regret this ? freddie no . master what be she do now ? freddie I do not know . master where be you mother ? freddie I do not know . freddie blink . master infringement . back to the start . freddie fuuuuuuuuuckk . fuck fuck fuck fuck . bullshit . fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck . he slap himslef around , open he . eye . hold . master do you often ponder you own inferiority ? freddie yes . master do you believe God be go to save you ? 41 . freddie no . master have you ever have sex with a member of you family ? freddie yes . master be you lie ? freddie no . master who ? .freddie my auntie bertha . master where be you aunt ? freddie at home in new Jersey . master be you lie ? freddie no . master be you a liar ? freddie yes . master have you ever kill anyone ? freddie yes . master who ? freddie jap . master in the war ? 42 . freddie yes . master what be you run from ? freddie nothing . master the law ? . pause ... freddie I think I may have blind a man . maybe he 's dead , I do not know ... master where ? freddie in salinas , I serve he up booze and he drank too much of it . master be the booze you make poison ? freddie not if you drink it smart , he be stupid . master be you try to poison I ? freddie no . master where be you father ? freddie I do not know . ( aka dead ) master where be you mother ? freddie I do not know . maybe New York , New Jersey , anywhere . do not know . master what be you auntie 's name ? 43. freddie auntie bertha . master how do you come to sleep with you auntie bertha ? freddie she say she would let I have my inheritance if I be to sleep with she . so I do and I never get my money . I be drunk . she look good . master and you do it again and again . freddie yes . because I like it . it feel good . master she 's rich ? be she ? she have you inheritance , do she ? freddie she control it all . master you feel you be owed this ? freddie I be . master have you ever have any bad thought about she or Mary Sue ? freddie yes . master what do you think ? freddie I think you be fool . but now I see that you be not master if you could lock yourself in a house , a large mansion for the rest of you life : who would you like to be there with you ? freddie doris schoemann . 44 master who be doris ? freddie best girl I ever meet . the girl I be gonna marry one day . master she 's in New Jersey , be she ? freddie Lynn , massachussets . ( I just get to get back to she . ) master why be not you with doris ? freddie master why be not you with she ? freddie I be a idiot . I do not know . I get no reason . master do you love doris ? freddie yeah . master be she the love of you life ? freddie yes sir . master Close you eye / CUT to black , hold , then fade up again .. master ( cont 'd ) release and return to I ... say you name . freddie freddie sutton . master be you hear with I in 1952 ? 45 . freddie yes ... master end of session . open / close you eye . he laugh . they both laugh , music ' dancer in love ' / piano ver . master ( cont 'd ) how do it feel ? freddie laugh a little . freddie feel good . master Left side of you body feel ok ? freddie yeah . master right side ? freddie yeah . master any headache ? freddie no master be you a member of the ninth Battle batallion ? freddie I do not know what that be . master be you a member of the ninth Battle batallion ? freddie no . master or any other invader force ? Space station or communication depot on this planet or anywhere else ? 46 . freddie no , sir . master you be the bravest boy I have ever meet . master turn off the tape recorder . they drink down the booze together . smile , laugh . ext . manhattan skyline - night . establish shot . 1950s . moving over the water toward it . CUT to : ext . dock / new jersey - night . the ship have arrive and docked . everyone be round up to disembark . that leave : master , mary sue , elizabeth , clark , the baby , nannies , val and freddie . they all head down the gang - way ... the New York City franchise owner / follower be a thin , sickly man name : bill white ( 40s ) he 's very nervous / anxious / eager to please , come to greet they . he 's here with some other associate / follower : bill white master ! hello . yes. welcome . welcome back to New York City , master . it 's we honor , its we pleasure . we be humble and so happy ... master thank you , Bill , good to see you . bill lead the way , wave he hand to the show : bill white we would like to present you with this gift from the New York branch for you stay here ... we know how fond you be of motorcycle . he present a harley-davidson .. master loooooooooook at that ... 1940 harley davidson knucklehead . for I ? 47 . he slide on , start it up , everyone applaud . master tear away on the motorcycle , everyone else [ pile into some old sedan be drive by some New York follower -- everyone on deck of the ship wave good - bye and watch they go . CUT to : ext . cause h.o. / new york - afternoon master and everyone come in to the hotel / ballroom of a fade mid-town hotel . local student , follower be here to greet ... about thirty people ... freddie look at the girl . master shake hand , kiss baby , etc ... book for sale , desk , partition , pamphlet , reel to reel tape' for sale . bill white do all the intro 's , liason work , etc ... ( note : helen Sullivan here . ) this operation embryonic a little shabby ... CUT to : int upstair / HOTEL . later . everyone here , a floor of the hotel have be take over , adjoin room connect everyone ... camera move around , see all the activity , movement - the adult be get dress and ready for something ... . freddie bring master some booze . they cheer , drink ... master get ready .. " to past , present , future and the street where they all meet and shake hand . " CUT to : ext . park avenue apartment - night . a very fancy apartment on the park . the whole entourage pull up . master on the harley , everyone else in the sedan .. they head into a park avenue apartment build ; camera follows they all in . the doorman look up ; bill white be quick to explain they be go to the penthouse to the party of Mrs. purcell , etc .. 48 . bill white make way , make way .. thank you . CUT to : int . hallway . fancy apartment . the elevator open into the grand palatial apartment ; a older woman be the hostess , she residence : she name be mildre purcell ( eraly 70 ) a very wealthy widower , follower , benefactor ... this be a show and tell / fundraiser / cocktail reception in honor of master and the Cause ... they applaud he entrance . about forty or so guest , some rich upper east side people , who be member of a satellite group . some other come to listen and learn , etc ... bill white make introduction , etc . master be offer some appetizer , he say : master you can hear a tomato scream when you cut it ... this be why I do not eat tomato ... various party mingling / coverage meet mrs . purcell and stay with she . - everything settles and she set the stage for master ... . freddie carry over a old reel to reel tape player , set it on a coffee table in front of he ... master ( cont 'd ) as you can see I have bring prop . everyone laugh . master ( cont 'd ) showman 's trade secret .. .he - he -he more laughter . master ( cont 'd ) let I just listen to this tape ... he pick up the tape and lift it to he ear ..he wiggle it around next to he ear .. master ( cont 'd ) can not hear anything . but there 's sound on here , no ? sound to be find ? he put the tape reel onto the player ... 49 . master ( cont 'd ) this should do it ! he flip the switch . nothing . no sound . master ( cont 'd ) hmmmm . can ' thear anything . wait . there be sound on this tape , but I can not hear ... wait ... how about this ... nothing . he continue this ... he plug the speaker in .. . nothing again and again . master ( cont 'd ) well what do we have ? we have the high fidelity audio tape , we have speaker , and yet ..a ha ! just a moment . he turn the machine " on " ... master ( cont 'd ) this should do it ... nothing . master ( cont 'd ) seem we be out of piece .. everyone laugh nervously ... master ( cont 'd ) I know there 's sound on that tape ... he plug the power cord into the wall ... it crackle and sound pour out .. it 's master' voice . master ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) we life have never stop and always be . all of the recording of we lifetime that we have live be available to we .. music start to play . gentle piano music . master turn the volume down on the reel - to- reel , speak live to the party : master ( cont 'd ) everything 's there be not it ? on the tape ? sure be , we just need to get it work with all the other piece in synch - ro - nization . no good if it 's not plugge into the wall . can not hear it . but the sound be still there . no good if that speaker be not there . can not hear it . ( more ) 50 . master ( cont 'd ) but that do not mean it 's not there , do it ? no . it do not . that flimsy little piece of tape be just nothin ' without all the other equipment line up properly , be not it ? we can access the past , trauma and seed that abberate we in present time and once we access they - we challenge they and throw they away . previously , I would establish how to access this aberration and painful memory to pre-birth / cellular time . but the new study prove there be a time beyond that . the Whole -of- time with which we be now work . at last count , perhaps sixty - seven trillion year we study show ... besides the everyday struggle of how we become better , more able , more productive homo sapien , the use for this new science be the location and removal of certain leukemia , apathy , manic . depressive , pervert , stutter , neurosis , ulcer , arthritis , and asthmas . this be the province and science of Cause . if you will forgive I , I must sit down . perhaps you have take notice of my leg injury and limp damndest thing . you see it happen every time I come to Manhattan Island , its a wound I have never conquer and I will tell you how I find out about , because I never know what in the h be happen ... well I do some processing to find out . take Mary Sue to ay I down and lead I back ... we process over three hour ! and something come up . it be this : I live a life before and suffer a great injury . knee injury ... it be just around 1888 . a great number and year . significant as the creation . year of the new york city sewer system if I be not wrong ... I be a thief and criminal , work late into the night robbing a bank in the western side of the island . ( more ) 51 . master ( cont 'd ) the crime be commit with a revolver in hand . a Cole .45 . my accomplice and I make it clear across town when we be ambush by the local authority . -- but I make a slip away . a digression into the under construct sewer system . it be here that I could no be find - or so my think go . all my confidence and all my arrogance be bring upon I . full in the face . for I be nose to nose with a twenty - five foot alligator in the New York City sewer . oh brother ! what a scare I be in for . now if you have veer see the SNAP ! SNAP ! SNAP ! of a gator - you will remember the fear . you see , this be a island , and in that day more inhabit by creature than man , why would not I meet such a beast ? in my evasion -- I drop the gold . the money I would steal in my getaway .. .not drop , but stuff in a newly cement drain hole just around 125th Street ... present day harlem County I believe today . yes . yes . I stuff it and make a getaway from both man and beast tuqshatter my knee in five different place - turn into a piece of glass .. wake up early in the morning somewhere near the present day Times Square - which be nothing more than a farm .. quite a farm .. but that 's another story . so what do this say ? injury stay with we do not they ??.. they sure do . how 's it gonna go away . how ? how ? how be I gonna fix this knee . how be any of we go to get better ? more able ? we must process the Whole of time . this life and pre natal cellular processing be not enough . we have live many , many , many live . so anybody tat be not processing the whole of time - be do a disservice to man and will not get better . I cannot put it more simply . ( more ) 52 . master ( cont 'd ) and as for I now : I just need to find the time away from all of my write to go back down and do it so I do not walk around with the darndest limp everytime I come to town ! this story be greet . with equal part excitement / complete confusion . mrs . purcell slightly nervous . angle , later . master and a socialite woman ( 5as ) he have she lay down on a love seat ; master ( cont 'd ) what be you name ? socialite Margaret o'brian . master be you sure you have not live here before ? socialite I do not know . master what 's you name ? margaret Margaret . master be you sure ? angle , purcell apartment . freddie go lurking around , slink in and out of some room . he goe into the bedroom , steal some jewelry . STUFF he pocket . ( oc dial . plays ... ) angle , MAIN live room . master have finish he demonstration and be open it up for question / discussion . a older man ( mr . JOHN more , 50' , scholarly , wear a prominent handkerchief ) stand up to speak : ( throughout this another older woman have a terrible cough from the back of the room . ) 53. JOHN more some of this seem quite like hypnosis , be it not ? master oh no , this be funny . it 's quite the reverse . man be hypnotize . what we do be un - hypnotize he of the shackle . allow he to raise he awareness and iq . JOHN more what be the difference between this and psychotherapy ? master yes . well . they be very different . no. psychoanalysis , they lay back . no , no , no . do not associate we with such people ! that 's terrible ( he , he ) why that 's a bad manner do not you know ? I mean at that business about sex and all that . that 's for the neurotic or the person who be insane or something like that . that 's nothing to do with we . they have fail . that 's for the fortunate few who can afford the fee . JOHN more but some of this do in fact seem to share quite a lot with Dr. Freud and modern psychotherapy , do it not ? master no it do not . this be a exact science , you see . comparable to physics or chemistry - but simpler . it 's engineering . herr Freud have he chance and contribute some very workable data , but in the end , he fail . so that 's that . JOHN more and how long do this take ? master that depend . but it can be quite fast . quite fast . or it can take some time . sometimes less than 36 hour . JOHN more 36 hour ? and you be say that this method can cure leukemia accord to you book and what you have just say ? 54 . master some form of leukemia , 22 case test . 22 case cure . that be the result . JOHN more you can understand scepticism , can you not ? master oh , yes , of course , yes . and this be to be expect and welcome . for without it we would be positive 's with no negative - therefore zero . charge . we must have it . JOHN more be you a religious people ? master we be not incorporate as a religion , no . but remember this : that religion have come uniformly from a philosophy . philosophy be senior to religion . you could call we a religion of religion . JOHN more be you say then that any religion be rather narrow in its outlook ? master no , no , no . I have no quarrel with man' belief 's , but religion in general can be pre-occupy with a God or idol or something of some such nature who be merely try to fill the universe with a lot of little replica of himself - we be try to free the individual - not bend to a will of a God , you see . and if we teaching can reconcile this view it would be do a great service to mankind - JOHN more do you think it can ? master I not only think it can , I know it do . JOHN more you mention ' good science ' and what it do .. . but do not that , by definition , allow for more than one opinion ? 55 . master indeed , indeed . which be why we gather of day - to be so far reach - JOHN more otherwise you merely have the will of one man - which be the basis of cult , be it not ? master t'is , t'is , indeed . thankfully we be , all of we , work at break - neck speed and in unison towards catch the mind fatal flaw and correct it back to it 's original state of perfect - whilst righting civilization . JOHN more I must say that I find it quite -- master and I don't fucking care what else you have to say you slimy little piece of CUM fuck . you be nothing . and worthless at that . you puny little nothing of nothing . it work if you use it . who be this man ? JOHN more I can answer for myself . my name be John more . master this be not a discussion this be a grilling . a grill . a attack . mrs . purcell please -- JOHN more if you be not allow some sort of discussion regard you belief - master and I will not defend myself to you , you slimy piece of nothing . JOHN more I be sorry if you be unwilling to defend you belief in any kind of rational way -- 56 . master I have taken my fucking time with you and you be over now . you slimy pig shit . the woman that 's be cough can not stop : master ( cont 'd ) stop coughing . stop coughing you horrible old woman . you don't get it . you don ' T get it . mrs . purcell be shocked , humiliate , everything crumble ... master ( cont 'd ) you get out . get out of this lecture hall . a woman she 's sick ! please ! she 's sick ! master get her out of the lecture hall . JOHN more this be not a lecture hall , this be Mrs. purcell 's home - master you shut you little mouth . shut that woman up . you will stop coughing . that gravely putrid noise , you be try to ruin I . you haven't be do the work . you would not be sick if you do the work . we don't get sick . CUT to : int . elevator - moment later they be all leave . stuff in the elevator , master fume . CUT to : ext . STREET / upper east side - night they be leave . master get on he harley and peel off into the night . . . hold the shot - everyone else get into they sedan . . .up ahead , master wipe out , lay the bike down in the middle of Park Avenue ... 57 . .he leave it , the sedan pull up , he get in . a aid go to the bike and pick it up . int . master' HOTEL room - night master be still fume , ranting and rave , mary sue be here with he ... master and this be where we be ??? at the lowest level ? to explainnnn ourselves ? for what ? for what we're do and we have to grovel ? grovel like a dog , a dog licking it's piss ? another dog of piss I say . the only way to defend ourselves be attack . attack . attack . we attack that man . if we don't do that , we will lose every battle we're engaged in - we will never dominate our environment the way we should unless we attack . CUT to : int . HOTEL room - adjoining suite - night we hear master from the next room ; everyone in here , listen , hang they face . master ( o.c . ) .this city be just noise . just noise and bad live . I know this place . I know it 's rotten secret ... cu . freddie listen . he sip some of he booze form the flask , get a real surly look on he face ... . val get up and leave the hotel room ... fred die watch he go ... everyone seem resign , sleepy ... freddie snap and say to bill : freddie you have the name 's and information of the guest at this lady 's party ? bill white yes . 58 . freddie look at clark , the new son-in - law . elizabeth look up ... freddie you be come with I . get up . I need some help and you wanna make a good show , no ? who 's pay you way ? clark look to Elizabeth , who give a look that say , " he 's right . " CUT to : int . HOTEL ballroom / the cause h.o. - later Bill White turn on the light , take freddie and Clark over to he desk . . . they get the address and info . for mr . JOHN more . bill white I do not think this be right to do - freddie you do not know what we be go to do , so do not bother think about this anymore ... camera with freddie and clark as they walk out of the hotel and into the street of New York -- freddie ( cont 'd ) you have any money on you ? clark some . CUT to : ext . new york street / upper west side - night - later freddie and clark , walk down the street ... they walk / talk ; freddie where be you from , Clark ? clark Los Angeles . pasadena . freddie what 's there ? 59 . clark I be from there . master and headquarters there for a year . freddie .how would you see they ? clark I read the first book . I work at boe for three year . when I read the book , I do not want to waste my time there anymore . I come to help the Cause . freddie what do it say ? clark I be skeptical of everything . always have be . all I know be I use to not be able to sleep . now I sleep through the night . I spend 18 month at the presidio with every Army head - shrinker they have and not one do as much for I as Book one do . that 's simple arithmetic to I . and I meet Elizabeth , so ... freddie that 's good . clark he change thing . and the research be hard to keep up with . none of this be do by a long shot . sometimes it 's easy to get lose . freddie he 's a very smart man . I can tell that . I do not understand myself but - more time with it and I might - I feel better - I feel like I have more to do with my life since I meet he ... and I just meet he . so - that can not be a bad thing , right ? CUT to : ext . STREET / upper west side - moment later outside a old apartment build ... . freddie buzy the buzzer . 60 . JOHN more ( groggy ) ( o.c . ) hello ? freddie I have a delivery for Mr. more. special . late night delivery . I need a signature . JOHN more ( o.c. ) yes , yes , of course ... CUT to : int . apartment - that moment JOHN more say to he wife ... JOHN more Delivery ... must be urgent from the University ... he get a robe on , make the walk down the hallway -- he come to the door ... .freddie smashes it down ... clark be here and watch , do nothing ... .freddie drag he along the floor , camera move over and see : mrs. more ... .freddie take care of they both ... end up tie they up .. . scare they , etc . take some valuable -- find morex little trademark handkerchief , take it . . freddie get down into he face and say ; freddie don't be so stupid . they run out . CUT to : int . village burlesque club - night freddie drunk . Clark have he first beer .. they be watch a few very sexy burlesque dancers . freddie have he eye on one in particular ... she be do a naked tap dance in the CENTER of the room . Clark speak ; clark you know ... at first there be rumor go around about you ... 61 . freddie what about I ...? clark well , when you first be find on board . people be say you be look for Split saber . that you be try to steal the Split saber if it be on board . freddie what ? steal what ? clark the Split saber . freddie I do not understand what you be say . clark the Split saber . beat . freddie I still do not understand what you be say ... clark the darkest cloud ? aka dual saber ? or the Split saber ? freddie .no ... clark . it 's what start all this . back then ... in 1941 , master ... he would be in operation , in army hospital . he die on the table ... go for seven minute ... but come back : and in a storm of vision and creative output from this experience he write the Split saber aka the darkest cloud . whoever read it ... either go insane or commit suicide . twelve people read it . six dead , four disappear . the last time anyone see it ... be he last publisher in New York . ( more ) 62 . clark ( cont 'd ) master walk into the office to find out what the reaction be , the publisher call for the reader , the reader come in with the manuscript ... . throw it on the table . . . and flung himself out of the skyscraper window ... master take the book and hide it where no one could get to it ... it 's inside this book : all the history . all the fact . all too dangerous . he re-wrote it , use what he could as the basis for what we be able to accept and learn today .. . that 's Book one that we all study and know . . . but the real stuff . the thing at the center ... be still too dangerous . they ( kill / cure ) any man who read it . it 's pass through the jaw of resistance . it 's the truth about all this . the book be protect and hide . no one know where but master . freddie the truth about all what ? clark life on this planet . . freddie stare at he ... then take a good long look at the burlesque dancer and her breast . then back to clark : freddie what be something like that worth ? clark he say he be once offer $ 25,000 dollar for it ... but the price be ... . how could you figure out what the price be on something like that ? heretofore unknown . incalculable by man . freddie where be it ? clark it 's lock away in a vault somewhere ? I do not know . freddie where ? clark no one know for sure . some say Phoenix or the desert outside Los Angeles . ( more ) 63. clark ( cont 'd ) it 's hold back , until the time be right . or in case it 's need . freddie need for what ? clark ( leverage . ) ? I do not know . freddie how do you know about this ? clark everyone know about it . it 's the original text . freddie just sort of look , then look back to the naked dancer . angle , later . the dancer ( ellen ) have join they . ad-libbed flirtation , innuendo , etc . clark watch freddie ... freddie get severely drunk -- he make a drunken appeal for her to come to the cause h.q. for help in she life ; freddie there 's something ... something that can hepp you ... you ... if you need helpp in yer life ... . where be it ? clark the martinique Hotel ... freddie thizz help I . it can help you .. you can go back in time and learn thingz ... he be about to say .. freddie ( cont 'd ) ( wanna fuck ? ) but he pass out , face first on the table . CUT to : 64 . int . HOTEL / hallway - night - later clark be drag freddie down the hall , pass out ... he get he to the room ... open the door .. pull he inside ... fade out . CUT to : int . HOTEL room - morning .freddie wake up . take he a good long time . camera just watch . he soak everything in , think , think , think . he put the piece together of last night a the last few day . CUT to : int . master' HOTEL room - next morning start cu . on master . he look down at something in he hand , quietly inspect it , look up : freddie be here , he 's give he the handkerchief . hold between they , then ; master what be it ? freddie I do not think John more will be speak out against you again . master this be not the way ... you hear I say to attack and you attack ? freddie you be right . master freddie you be right . . .he have a wise - ass mouth . master my little soldier .. . what do you do ?... . you need to tell I so that I know ... 65 . freddie that 's why I will not tell you . nothing bad . just scared he good . widen angle , that moment . reveal mary sue be here , listen ... master look to Mary Sue , back to freddie : mary sue whatever you have do , best not come back to master or the Cause . freddie it will not . master but-this-is-not-the-way-you-naughty-boy . ok ? alright . freddie : you -are-mischeif . horrible young man you be ! the phone rights , Mary Sue move and pick it up , speak oc , we stay with master and freddie : master ( cont 'd ) how be you ...? how do you feel to be so close to you auntie - just across the river ? Close to the incident of this present time ? freddie I do not really think about all that stuff with my auntie , you know ... I get other thing go on besides that thing I tell you about .. . that 's yesterday 's news to I , so ... master you problem be not with you auntie or you mommy or daddy or any such thing . freddie master you have seed aberration in this way . absolute rejection of authority and nay - sayer . freddie I do not like smart - mouth . if that 's what you mean . 66 . master do not act out . this anger and battle have be there from before you remember . before you know . it 's not you , freddie . it 's not ... I promise you . freddie take it all in . freddie -- what be it ? he grasp he shoulder , touch he head to freddie . master it 's just q - 44 ... all it be . trillion of year ago - little implant .. beat . he pull back , smile ... master ( cont 'd ) I promise to explain it . and make it go away . master collect he notebook . master ( cont 'd ) Val have a habit of find trouble ... I sometimes wonder what danger a man could get himself into this Island . master ( cont 'd ) can you do this for I ? with a casualness and delicacy ? watchful eye to make sure trouble do not come ... or that come do not trouble ? my little soldier ? freddie keep a eye on he ? master and report back to I ... freddie alright . master leave . 67 . int . freddie be room - moment later freddie be get into he duffle bag , re-filling the booze supply ... hide the jewel he steal from last night 's party ... elizabeth come to he room , from the connect door ; she 's fresh from a bath , in a robe . elizabeth hi. freddie hi. elizabeth why be not you downstairs ? freddie I be work . elizabeth what be you do ? freddie errands . elizabeth you be not a errand boy ... you be a loafer ... you be do more than that , I can tell . beat . she step up close to he . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) I want to tell you ... freddie . . . what you do for my father last night be spectacular . freddie I do not do anything . elizabeth I be my father 's daughter . do not tell I you do nothing . it be just what be need to be do . and you take it upon yourself . shereach for he face ; elizabeth ( cont 'd ) I can tell that you know what persecution feel like ... 68 . she kiss he . he kiss back . Gentle and small . a prolong simple kiss on the lip . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) can I have some of you liquor ? freddie no . elizabeth why not ? freddie it 's too strong . elizabeth I be a big girl . freddie not big enough yet - elizabeth I could just steal some ... freddie do not argue with I . you be Father 's speak . get dress and get down there ... ' elizabeth there 's plenty of time ... besides : I have hear it all before . she back away .. .smile . . . and close the door ..( just before it slam shut - she robe fall off , revealing her naked figure for a fleeting second ... ) freddie . look at the door . freddie . hold . he take a large swig of booze . CUT to : int banquet hall - moment later master take the stage . thirty / forty student applaud . he get up , speak : master thank you ! thank you ! well ? down but not out . not Dead yet ! ( no tombstone at least ... ) he he he he . 69 . we be go to focus this morning to " communication " to cover " any exchange between ourselves and we environment . " because that 's what I want to talk to you about today : dominate you environment . CUT to : int . stairwell . evening / later camera look up the spiral stairwell of the HOTEL . it 's the end of the evening / lecture ... . we see : val walk down the step ... . moment later , about three floor above , freddie poke he head over , see val and start to follow ... . music start . CUT to : int . lobby of the HOTEL . that moment val move past follower who be wrapping up for the evening , discuss , smoking cig , exchange idea , etc ... and out into the new york CITY street . freddie follow ... mini - sequence ... CUT to : ext . / int . coffee shop . village . night val walk into a coffee shop , take a seat in a booth and order some coffee ... freddie stand across the street and watch val . freddie busy hot dog from a hot - dog vendor ... stand and wait .. . and watch val sit alone ... after a few minute ... freddie see something : a young group enter the coffee shop . it 's bill white , he girlfriend peggy and two male new york follower : jim lehr and fred fritz . they be here to meet val . they join he , sit down , speak . order coke , coffee , smoke cig , etc ... freddie watch all this from across the street . val be answer they question , speak with some authority about something , etc. etc. 70 . .freddie size up the situation and what this meeting might mean ... he turn this all around in he head for a while .. . and after enough of it , get restless ... . he move to a phone booth . make a call . he hear a young male voice say " hello ? hello ? " freddie Bobby ? bob ( oc ) yeah ? freddie it 's freddie . bob ( oc ) freddie ! freddie where be ya ! freddie be you home ? bob ( oc ) yeah . you here ?! freddie I be comin ' over - he hang up . he look back across the street at the group in the coffee shop . and walk away , off down the STREET ... CUT to : int . bob' apartment - west village freddie walk up some stair at the top of the stair be he 17 year old cousin : bob . bob holy smoke ! holy smoke ! holllly-smokey ! freddie and Bob greet each other , he take he inside . . . bob be have a party with a bunch of he friend , who all look alike and drink beer , etc ; freddie where 's everybody ? 71 . bob we be havin ' a party . where you come from ? where you be ? freddie here and there . Antarctica . where 's you dad ? bob not here , work . get in here you gotta see this two girl . Antarctica ? they greet each other and go inside . CUT to : int . apartment / room - later bob introduce freddie : " my cousin , freddie " to all the boy . all the boy be around , watch the two girl dance and lip synch to a record . they both look like Barbara striesand . freddie look at family photo that be out and on the wall . freddie where 's my mom ? bob I hear she be in Florida . freddie where 's you mom ? bob Left . she 's back live in Princeton . it 's the best since she 's go . my dad 's never here . this place be mine . do you see this girl ? angle , later . freddie and the boy . freddie pour a tiny bit of he booze into the beer for they ... freddie anybody ever hear about steal jewel and money in the sewer ? bob where ? 72 . freddie near harlem . they shake they head . freddie .( cont 'd ) I hear about a load of money and jewel that be hide in a sewer wall up near harlem . a long time ago . with crocodile that live down there and protect it . boy I hear about that . boy 2 I hear about that too . freddie anybody want to go look for it ? CUT to : ext . harlem . night the five boy , include freddie and bob get out of a old car ... . they find and lift a manhole cover and head down with flashlight and a sledgehammer - they be drunk and bring more booze down with they - ( two girl ? stay up top ? ) int . sewer - that moment they all climb down . rat and sewage . flashlight shining around as they goof off and walk around . angle , freddie . they come to a intersection - freddie let 's go this way and that way - come with I - bob follow freddie , the rest go the other way - various angle watch they move around , etc . angle , the wall . camera move along the wall of the sewer . freddie look for something ... 73. . the wall ... .freddie ... bob and freddie walk / talk : bob my mom sign my early entrance to the army . freddie how would she do that ? bob she just sign this letter I make up say my birth certificate be burn in a fire . she 's happy to let I go . freddie you do not want to go there , dummy . bob there 's a lot of pussy there , freddie . I like that Korean girl the way they look . freddie you be a idiot . bob I would rather be there than here . pussy over there ... I have be lick so much pussy this summer ... they keep walk . bob be drunk . he turn , say to freddie : bob ( cont 'd ) I jerk off to a picture of my mom once . do I ever tell you that ? freddie no . bob I do ... Bob smile , giggle ... stumble forward ... walk ... freddie watch he ... angle , the other . walk and look , drunk , smoking , etc . they find a area that they think may have something - and start whacking away with the sledgehammer ... 74 . angle , freddie and bob freddie there 's nothing here ... let 's just go ... bob yeah . we're coming back !!!! meet back . the boy hear this and head back - CUT to : int . sewer . that moment freddie be walk behind bob .. . move towards the intersection to meet with the boy ... suddenly , he stop , bend down ... freddie Bob ... bob turn ... freddie in kneel down , aim the flashlight : the jewel from mrs . purcell' party bob be stunne . bob over here !!!! over here !!!!! the boy run over , look down at the jewel . boy where be that ? bob right here . freddie I find they right here . boy 2 Holy shit . CUT to : 75 . ext . STREET they all climb up and out of the sewer - cheer and celebrate . dissolve to : int . bob' apartment - late night bob and the other boy pass out on couch and floor . freddie be awake , look around at some photo and thing ... freddie leave he the jewel , take a couple family photo with he and write a note that say : " I 've gone to africa , see you again sometime . freddie . " and leave . CUT to : int . HOTEL room . dawn freddie come up to he room and hear from the hallway : typing . he open up and come in . master be here , in he underwear , type away . very fast . he barely take notice of freddie , keep type . freddie get into the bed . master stop for one moment , look at he , see he condition , go back to type ... helen sullivan ( oc ) this city can be cold and unforgive to new idea . Philadelphia be the city of brotherly love . we have have miraculous result with the textbooks and lecture tape . CUT to : int . master' HOTEL room / martinique HOTEL - later morning cu . helen sullivan ( sweet woman , early 30 ) be speak . 76 . helen sullivan if you come , we can guarantee a audience of one hundred people three night a week and six afternoon a week . we have a engineer from western electric who be willing to record all of the lecture for free onto high fidelity audio tape . perhaps this can be use for sale . I assure you , you will find a very open city . people with open mind ... we keep the bad one out . I know that new science can attract quack and some strange people , but keep they all away .. master and mary sue listen to helen . norman conrad stand to the side ... master you be very right about one thing , helen : this be a dirty city of nothing good . master think ... . everyone look around at each other ...a woman start singing ... woman singing " a tisket -a-tasket-my past live in a basket . I went down the whole -time -hole and found i'd dropped my basket ... " pre - lap the singing over the following : CUT to : ext . HOTEL / new york CITY - morning everyone be getting into car .. . the whole entourage . freddie at the center of it . master come out of the hotel quickly and into the sedan that wait ... bill white be there to say good - bye and be all but ignore by master and mary sue ... the swirl of get bag , kid and body into sedan ... 77 . val get in one car ... freddie get behind the wheel of another ... and they drive off ... CUT to : int . car - moving - day freddie be drive . master be asleep in the passenger seat . mary sue be breast feed in the back . she look at freddie in the rear view ; mary sue you see anything last night ? freddie .with what ? mary sue with Val . cu . freddie consider this a moment . freddie no . mary sue how do that happen ? freddie .lost them in the street ... mary sue . or maybe you drink too much and you get cross -ey . CUT to : ext . suburban philadelphia / cause college - night a party be in progress at helen sullivan' home which have be convert into a study college . it 's beautiful , large , well - appoint home . a woman : joan bank be sing , elizabeth be play piano . everyone be here for a welcoming party , good time , cocktail , snack , etc ... joan ( singing ) I dropped it , I dropped it , I better go and find it . ( more ) 78 . joan ( singing ) ( cont - D ) something hurt and don't need that jerk to tell US what to do-o - we're here now , we're here now . in lovely phil -e-delfi . and wrestle our re - act right to the ground and push , pull , pin it down . we'll take it , we'll take it , that dirty seed and wipe ' em . the apa and ama will have to kiss our - ss .. everyone applaud , laugh . master be smitten , stand ovation . master walk over to joan to shake she hand ... she whisper to he : joan ( cont 'd ) what do you do with a student who keep dream she be in bed with you ? master get thee behind I -- joan and push . they disperse . piano start in again ... everyone be relaxed , sit around . New face ( joan and helen ) sit close to master ... a woman be speak ( storey of Cause success she 's have at she branch in minneapolis ) woman .a once -a-month meeting ... this last Saturday night we have a chiropractor .. and he speak about ' handwrite Analysis ' ... master be distract ... as he listen : he rub he nose and pull he ear , catch freddie's eye . as we hear the woman ramble on , freddie get he flask , move discreetly to get a glass , make a drink and bring it to master . this be unnotice by everyone but mary sue . the woman finishes talking : master cheer to that ! everyone raise they glass and drink . master downs he new drink . a calm ... then master gently protificate : 79 . master ( cont 'd ) something that Joseph Smith have right : the breeding and the development of the group ... double , triple with certain . ..a certain marital structure ... how clever . something to look at deeply for a growth ... mary sue look at he . joan look at he . helen look at he . freddie look at all of it . helen 's husband John look confuse . master ( cont 'd ) . the consideration of celestial Marriage . spiritual wifery . plural union . this can not be overlook so quickly ... think of the speed at which a movement could grow ... beat . met with a strange silence . mary sue move to get up . . . master change the topic slightly ... master ( cont 'd ) to live in the day of six - shooter and open frontier , that 's what I would like ! my grandfather . rancher . Wyoming . a criminal of the high lineage , once tell I he meet a boy name buckskin Joe ... he keep talk ... CUT to : int . master' room / helen' house - morning it 's the next morning . master be get ready , dress in the bathroom , get ready for he lecture ... mary sue come in , from behind he ... she hug he from behind .. .he smile .. . she look at he in the mirror , he look at she ... . she reach around , get into he pant and start to jerk he off , looking straight at he in the eye as she say : mary sue you can do . whatever you want . as long as I do not find out . and as long . as. anyone I know . do not know . other than that . you stop this idea . and you put it back in its pants . it do not work for they . and it 's not gonna work for you . we. have . enough problem . cum for I . 80 . master yes . yes . mary sue do it . and get you best behavior out ... cum for I ... master yes , master . mary sue and no more of that boy 's booze . master yes master . he come , collapse , sink to the floor . she wash she hand and walk out of the bathroom . CUT to : ext . suburban philadelphia / cause college - day a beautiful spring day . student , follower , come in , sign in ... in the MAIN live room , on stage , master be work with a woman , processing she . she lay back on a couch set up ... full crowd of student watch ... master try to recall how you feel ... woman oh , I be sort of glad it 's the end .. master what happen next ? woman the doctor put a stethoscope to she chest .. master what be the doctor wear ? woman a white coat . master be there a smell in the room ?. 81 . woman it smell like a hospital . master try to imagine what a hospital smell like . woman uugh . uugh . alright . master what do the doctor say ? woman he listen to she chest and say , " she 's go . " freddie and val be sit in the front foyer of the house , face each other in two fold chair ... we see the. stage in the b.g ... . val be bored and nodd off to sleep ... freddie watch val . freddie kick he chair -- freddie wake up . you Father 's speak .. . you could learn something . val what 's that ? freddie you hear I . val he 's make this up as he go , do n'tcha know ..? you can sleep and wake up and not have miss anything ... freddie maybe you should pay more attention . val you have something to say to I ? freddie I be curly - q . round in circle . so shut up . .freddie take a nice big drink from he flask ... freddie look out the open front door : two policeman and a marshall be parking they car and walk towards the house ... 82. freddie . watch they advance ... he hesitates . he 's not sure what to do . so he stay put ... the men walk up to the house ... freddie and val look : policeman we be look for lancaster dodd . freddie I do not know who that be ... policeman May we come in ? freddie no . you cannot . val yes you can . he 's up there - val point to the stage ... val ( cont 'd ) that 's he . freddie you can not come in . get outta here . master , on stage , look out - against the glare of the door , he can recognize the figure as uniformed ... angle , at the door . policeman we have a civil warrant to serve to lancaster dodd to appear in Philadelphia bankruptcy Court - a arrest warrant - val stay out of they way , freddie . master walk down to see what 's happen . master what be happen here ? policeman be you lancaster dodd ? master yes I be . 83. policeman we have a arrest warrant for you , sir ... master what be the charge ? policeman by order of Pennsylvania District Court by the mild purcell Foundation for wrongful withdraw of fund . and operate a medical school without a license . that 's . what we will have to take you in for master this be a silly joke , no ? marshall no , sir it be not . but we have to take you in and book and fingerprint you . master this be comic opera . be it illegal in this city to get better ? marshall please put you hand behind you back . master I have no disagreement with you boy do you work in all its silliness as defender of what code ? what honor ? what part of the galaxy ? this be a scientific gather - you will cuff I from the front , if you please -- he raise he arm for handcuff . follower come forward and start to protest about this . one young man , with one arm and a hook for a hand start swinging it around ( WWII vet ) freddie get into it and be push by a policeman which unleash a wrath in he . it very quickly become a mini - mele . freddie be slammed to the ground and wrestle with by the two marshal . he fight back . it's very rough and violent . master , freddie be take away in hand cuff . mary sue come out , angry at the police , everyone be , etc . quite a scene . 84 . master be actually try to calm freddie down , who be go nut in the handcuff and at he treatment master ( cont 'd ) freddie , no , no , no , calm down , please , please . it 's nothing , just laugh , we will be out shortly , it 's nothing . I , please , pleasue , freddie - int . police car they shove freddie into the car and he goe crazy . smashing he head against the window , the back seat , etc . he yell like a animal . kick and scream , bleeding from he forehead . master be put into another car . int . police station - later they arrive in car . freddie in one.car . master in the other . freddie be still fighting . they drag he . master be speak to he , try to calm he down ... CUT to : int . holding cell - later it 's hour later . freddie be out of energy . master sit with he . Old - fashioned hold cell . master hold he finger to he lip . master shhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh . he get up close to freddie , whisper in he ear ; master ( cont 'd ) whatever we say be undoubtably be monitor ... speak in whisper . freddie I do not want to talk to you right now . master this be FBI work , Russians maybe ... this ... too much work for the ama ... 85 . freddie stop talk ... master you be fear of capture and imprisonment be a implant from million of year ago . a invader Force play game with you spirit as it . move from one body to the next - free for a moment - it be free and the invader force capture it - spun you around in a device not unlike a grinder and hit you with wave of high wattage electrical impulse - quaver bolt to damage you . the impulse lodge and plant the push - pull instinct , dumped in scalding hot water , then freezing cold - a control mechanism - any legal action , a summon to court , the sight of a police officer , expose a glandular reaction and anxiety wave of the high order , triggered - the mere threat of arrest will make a psychotic breakdown . this happen to you and you be free to stop it . they game and implant be no match for you . laugh in they face . laugh at it . this triggers be useless now . you create they so you can destroy they . master pull away ... freddie look at he . hold . freddie horseshit . master I do not have any opinion . I be give you fact . freddie just shut - your-mouth ? you be a fuck drunk . master I shut my mouth ? you be a fuck drunk . you cactus . play a game with I ? I do not think so , you little yo -yo . that be not the way . you want to shut I up ? I be the best and only friend you have , shut I up from save you ? helping you . only way . find another one , yo - yo . you wanna get rid of this or live this way or master it ? ( more ) 86 . master ( cont 'd ) you listen - you wanna spit in that cop face for touch you ? I be gonna beat he with you . bash he skull in . but don ' T turn on I , drunk . Long silence . they sit in it . freddie helen 's house ... all that girl walk around , the wife of ... . I want to fuck all of they . master sex be not a aberration . never have be . so what 's wrong ? freddie I want to fuck them all . I want to stick it in every one of they . master when do you forget that survive be what you be suppose to do . stick it in . stick it in . freddie I do not belong in here , man . I gotta get out of here ... master you belong at sea . freddie .hmph ... master . you belong to doris . freddie why be you talk about she ? master you think of doris . the loss of she . triggers million of little shock and . charge , do not it ? that present- life loss . freddie it be Val who let they in the house and tell they who you be ... Val do it . CUT to : 87 . int . freddie / val be room - helen' house - later master enter the room , freddie behind he ... val be bed be made and all he belonging be gone ... freddie look at the mirror on the wall . written in lipstick a note to freddie : " you'll never get better " moment later . same . mary sue be here , look at it . she say to master : mary sue where 's he go ? what 's he do ? master sit on the bed , think . she leave quickly , we hear she go down the hall and knock on elizabeth 's door ... elizabeth answer and the speak ... freddie and master look at each other ; master his mother be a paranoid schizophrenic who want to abort he . right now he ' want to be sick . ' he 's lose he war . CUT to : ext . helen' house / upper hallway - moment later freddie be sit outside the close door to master be upstair bedroom / office . we hear voice talk clark walk up and sit with freddie , they sit in silence ... try to listen , but not hearing ... clark he 's do this before ... freddie what happen ? clark he run out of money and come back . he 's a squirrel . he 's try to get to the Split saber , do not you think ? to sell it . sell it off to any of this dissenter - 88. the door ... norman conrad ask freddie to come in ... int . office - that moment freddie enter , sit down .. . door close . they all face he , sit he in a chair ... master , elizabeth , norman , mary sue ... master there be a mission against time to be undertake , freddie . norman conrad be you prepare to travel wherever we may ask you to go -- ? freddie yes . master -- a assignment of importance in which more than just life hang in the balance . mary sue -- I want to know if you can stop you booz ? freddie mary sue can you stop drink ? master -- the drink block the physical pain and dissolves treatment from work , freddie -- mary sue let I be unambiguous : tell I you will not drink . zoom in toward he face , end in cu . freddie I will not drink . mary sue you mission be to go to Phoenix , Arizona to prepare for a universal process Congress of the Cause . ( more ) 89 . mary sue ( cont 'd ) all branch bring together for a summit ... you mission be to prepare for moc 's arrival and provide security at he home in camel Foot Hills ... norman conrad . by bring everyone together with the promise of unveil new level ... there will be interest from outside agency ... the new work be of great many interest to dark force ... freddie who ? mary sue CIA , Russians , Catholic Church . the list be long , freddie . norman conrad we do not expect trouble , but if it come ... we believe and trust that you be the right man for this mission . elizabeth you be the only one that can do this , freddie . freddie . what be Val do in all this ? mary sue he 's a squirrel . and he have weakness . norman conrad do you believe that no man can be neutral in the struggle between civilization and chaos ? freddie yes . mary sue Val 's not a threat to you . you can handle Val . can not you ? CUT to : int . kitchen - dawn freddie and master get ready to leave . just the two of they : 90 . master freddie ... there 's something else ... a side project I have for you ... freddie master . when you get there ... I need you to get something for I ... something of great importance to I . freddie 7 master when you arrive at the house ... you go underneath the house . there 's a crawl space . in the center of the house be a small hole . you will see break soil that mark the spot .. .dig it up . Inside be a box . I need you to take the box and protect it . you can take it to the first Phoenix Bank and register a safe deposit . there it can stay until my arrival ... freddie what be it ? master valuable . personal and confidential to I ... freddie master as Guardian of the good for this civilization and all it 's neighbor galaxy ... . can you promise I that you will safely deliver and protect this box ? freddie yeah . CUT to : int . philadelphia airport freddie be wait for he flight . master and helen sullivan and she husband JOHN be here ... 91 . helen sit with freddie ... helen whatever you be do ... . it feel right . freddie look at she . she look at he CUT to : int . airplain - en route - night freddie be on board . a stewardess come down the aisle , ask if anyone want a cocktail . freddie say no thank you . the man next to he have a nice gin and tonic . freddie be start to sweat , gently shake as he begin to de -tox ... CUT to : ext . phoenix airport - tarmac - day freddie get off the plane , walk to the terminal - he carry a duffle bag . walk swiftly , purposefully ... CUT to : ext . suburban phoenix - afternoon freddie be in a cab that pull into a suburban phoenix neighborhood . he get out in front of ranch style home separate a bit form the rest of the neighborhood ... the cab wait . he walk up to the house , take out the key ... he put the key in and step inside . he look and sees : the house have be turned upside down and ransacked . freddie be shocked / nervous ... . suddenly on guard . freddie walk around , look into what appear to have be master' office ... write , book , etc , throw all over the place ... 92 . hole's in the wall , socket ripped out , floor board ripped up ... CUT to : ext . phoenix house - that moment under the house . a crawl space . freddie crawl on he belly underneath the house - go to the center of it and ( hat find a hole . he dig into it ... and dig up a BOX BOX size ) cover in dust . he take the BOX out and crawl away . he put the BOX into he duffle bag . he brush the dust off . he goe back to the cab and get in -- CUT to : ext . downtown phoenix / the cause h.o. - dusk freddie pull up in the cab to the cause h.q. storefront operation in downtown phoenix . he walk in ... dick breton ( 30 , Phoenix branch manager ) be here - a few other . dick good morning . freddie be you Dick breton ? I be freddie sutton . you be expect I ... freddie be very friendly , but focus on the task , he ask to use the phone to call master - some place private , perhaps ... CUT to : int . back office - moment later freddie be alone , on the phone , with master . master freddie . freddie someone break into the house . master . someone break into the house ... 93. freddie someone 's be there . I do not know when . I may have just miss they - the front door be lock , I go in with the key and the house up end , all smashed up on the ground - I walk to the back - the door be open - master -- do you have the box ? freddie yes . master where be you now ? freddie I be at the office with Dick breton . master be he there with you ? freddie he 's outside . the door 's close . master the box be safe in you hand ? freddie yes . it be right where you say it would be ... I have not open it . master you have do well . you know the severity of what you hold in you hand - freddie be ...did ... do Val break into the house look for it ? master possibly . a craze lone lunatic for all we know . certain atomic agency would not mind a crack at it , I be sure . freddie what should I do now ? master get yourself a room at the Sun Inn Motel . the Sun Inn Motel ... it 's nearby ... acceptable accommodation . ( more ) 94 master ( cont 'd ) find yourself a room there ... and guard it until morning - stay safe until that bank open ... freddie it 's good . I get it . master yes it be . be you alright ? freddie yeah , yeah . I be alright . I be shaking .. master why ? freddie I do not know . it 's hot down here . master you feel any stomach pain ? freddie no . master ringing in you ear ? freddie no . master Left side feel good ? freddie yeah . master right side feel good ? freddie I be alright . master good , good . alright , soldier . go to it . freddie hang up and look at the duffle bag .. .he look out into the front area ... see dick breton and some other Phoenix follower ... they see freddie .. . try to give he he space ... he look at the duffle bag . CUT to : 95 . int . SUN in motel - night freddie have check into a motel for the night . he be sit on the bed . the BOX be on the next bed . he smoke cigarettes and look at the box . he take the BOX and put it in he duffle bag . zip it up . he turn off the light , smoke in the dark . zoom toward the bag ... zoom toward freddie . stretcccccchhhh out this moment . ( imagine himself open the BOX and FIRE coming out of the BOX and tearing up he arm and covering he head . then blowing he head off ) back to reality . he take the BOX out of the duffle bag and leave it on the bed . freddie be start to sweat and shake a bit . he 's de - tox . he look down at he foot : he have a tattoo of a pig on he right foot and a rooster on he leave ... he look at these tattoo be ... he spend some time in the toilet throwing up . this go on ...until ... CUT to : int . motel room - morning freddie be up , try to get steady . shake , sweat ... freddie look out the window , down across the street and see the local bank . the bank manager open up ... freddie move to leave . . . he grab the duffle bag from the bed and walk out . CUT to : int . hallway - motel - that moment freddie cautiously come out . he walk toward the stair .. . and sees : a fleeting figure run away and down a FIRE escape outside . 96 . freddie run after this figure ... he look out the window , down the FIRE escape ... he look up , across rooftop , sees a figure running away , jumping across rooftop ... freddie make he way down into the lobby of the motel .. . .very very very carefully ... look for something around any corner ... in the lobby ... the owner nod to he ... freddie nod back ... and make a beeline - hard to the door and out into -- CUT to : ext . STREET - that moment freddie burst out into the street in full - ready - for - anything mode ... . stretch out , mini sequence ... .look up at the rooftop , alley 's , etc ... . he get across the street , round a corner , and into - CUT to : int . phoenix bank - moment later freddie come in , register a safe deposit BOX . he put the BOX in the safe deposit . he leave . CUT to : int . cause h.o. phoenix - day freddie speak to a group of 20 follower ; he read some of this from a piece of paper ... he 's shaking , sweat but do a terrible job of conceal it ... freddie Phoenix will be the home of the Universe process Congress of the Cause .. .to be hold June 5th to 9th ... everyone be excited . 97 . freddie ( cont 'd ) and it be hope that a major part of the program can be devoted.to a report on a demonstration of any new data or technique moc may reveal at that time . follower you be talk about Book ii ? freddie yes . this will be a unification Congress . all of we together - all branch and as many member as possible , organize in one city - for the presentation of all new level . CUT to : int . cause h.g. phoenix - day freddie be hear off camera in the bathroom vomiting he gut out as he de -tox . student and a small lecture in process try to ignore the animal sound come from the bathroom ... CUT to : ext . phoenix house - day freddie with dick breton and another follower be clean , fix up the ranch house ... CUT to : int . cause h.q. phoenix - day the storefront operation be be readied and refurbished . freddie lead the clean - up , etc . freddie act as MAIN liaison and lieutenant . a stage be prepare . microphone tested , recording equipment . freddie out in the neighborhood . do the work of the Cause . he invite people to come , hand out flier . CUT to : 98 . int . local phoenix radio station freddie be talk with a local station manager about buy air-time ... int . radio booth freddie be on the radio , read the promo piece ; freddie you do not have to change you faith or leave the congregation you belong to ... so that interested in freedom be urge to please come for free sample processing session in be ' young ' feel ' freer ' and understanding where you come from ... if every individual in the world have one other individual to whom he could go with he trouble and he idea ; and if he could tell that other all about he trouble and idea ; and if that other would listen and understand , but not evaluate or invalidate or approve or give advice or in any other way try to control the thought of the speaker ; the people of the world would become sane , well and happy . CUT to : ext . phoenix airport / tarmac - day a plane taxi be to a stop , master and mary sue , elizabeth , etc , all disembark the plane ... freddie , clean cut and wear a nice suit , be here to greet they . they head for car wait ... CUT to : ext . phoenix house - day the whole-entourage unload and head into the house . CUT to : 99 . int . phoenix house - that moment everyone come in , settling in . . . master inspect some of the damage that have be clean up - but trace remain ... freddie there to explain what it look like ... CUT to : int . master' office - that moment master and freddie come in . . . master look around ... master turn to freddie : freddie take out the safe deposit key and hand it to master . freddie the key . master take it , pocket it ... he look down at he desk ... master I will need fresh ribbon tonight for the Old ' vetti and paper , vanilla . do. we have any ? freddie I will get some . master we will go to the bank in the morning . first thing ? freddie alright . master now that we have arrive , let 's keep a extra eye open around the perimeter . we be not out of harm 's way yet . master leave the room with freddie behind ... CUT to : int . house .- later master be type off camera . it 's later that night , everyone asleep but elizabeth and freddie . they have a scene : 100 . elizabeth I hope that one day this place will be a museum to my father and everyone he have help around the world will come and visit to see where he present Book ii . you do a wonderful job help he ... freddie . where 's Clark ? elizabeth Denver . freddie what 's in Denver ? elizabeth he have a mission there ... cu . freddie freddie what kind of mission ? elizabeth a secret one ... CUT to : ext . phoenix bank - morning master and freddie pull up in a car to the bank , get out , go in : CUT to : int . bank - that moment they get the BOX / duffle bag from the safe deposit . freddie watch master . master do not open it , just get it and they leave . CUT to : int . phoenix house - later freddie and master come in , master carry the duffle bag . he say hello to the kid , mary sue , etc .. . then go into he office ... 101 . freddie stay out in the live room . mary sue serve the kid some pancake . he watch for a second ; mary sue do you want some pancake ? hold . then : CUT to : ext . phoenix house - later freddie be sit outside the house , smoking a cig , drink some coffee ... ( distant sound of type come from inside the house - master at work ) .a car pull up ... across the street . . .he watch it park ... . and out step : bill white ( from New York ) .he close the door ... and walk across the street ... towards the house ... . he look very out of place in the middle of the desert . . .he approach freddie : bill hello , freddie . freddie Bill . bill just drop in to see master , find out what 's go on - guess I lose my invitation . freddie there 's nothing go on , Bill . bill what do that mean ? freddie that 's what that mean . bill do that mean I be out ? be I in ? what do that mean ? freddie that 's it . 102 . bill y'know that I have have no communication from this office for six week - no journal , no answer 's to my call , I write a letter , be it receive ? freddie yes . bill I be mix up slightly here . you know , when I work for the Cause , I be make a nearly $ 800 in salary due I . freddie we appreciate that . bill and as a found member , I be suppose to be a member for life ? freddie yes . bill and that entitle I to the journal ? freddie yes . bill but I have not get the journal ? freddie no . bill and I be not go to get the journal ? freddie no . bill and do you know that I be a fellow of the Cause and as a fellow of the Cause I be a member for life ? freddie yes . bill but I have not get the journal ? 103 . freddie no . bill and do you know that I pay $ 800 for the Minister 's course and that entitle I to membership in the Group until January 1 ? freddie bill and as a member I be suppose to get the journal ? freddie bill and I be not go to get any journal ? freddie no . bill ok . do you know that I pay $ 50 for my " Doctor of divinity " certificate , and for which I also be to receive a medallion , a ribbon , a lapel pin , and a gold border book of the Cause ? freddie yes . bill and I have not get they ? freddie no . bill but you be go to give they to I ? freddie no . bill then I suppose you be go to refund my money ? freddie no . 104 . bill why ? freddie you be a dissenter . and a unfaithful woman . beat . bill . be not you ashamed of yourself , sit there get all red in the face and be embarrassed because you have to act like a heel ? freddie I be not embarrassed . that 's sunburn . bill I be not go to let anyone tell I I can not have what I pay for , except master . I want to see master . freddie you can not see master . bill why ? freddie because he 's busy and I be not go to let you . bill oh ...it 's freddie - barrier now ? why do not you hyphenate that ? pause . bill ( cont 'd ) you know what this all be ? huh ? it 's mental cruelty . that 's what it be . it 's just mental cruelty to invent all this new idea and never follow through on it and just keep add and subtracting and I gotta pay for this and that level and more and more - and Book ii 's come . all the answer ... " if you have that , it 's no good ' cause here 's the new thing .. . and oh no ... you do not need that .. . that 's old .. . this be new . " and it 's more and more and it 's all just cruel . ( more ) 105 . bill ( cont 'd ) and it 's all gettin ' away form what it be at the start which make sense . this be screw man . screw this . and screw you . bill leave . freddie watch he go . something take hold of he . .freddie walk after bill , behind he back , come up on he and crack he in the kidney . he goe down ... kick he for good measure , then walk back to the porch ... he sit down and just watch Bill squirm in the middle of the street , finally drag himself up and into he car . cu . freddie . just watch he with no / very little compassion . CUT to : int . downtown phoenix / printer - next morning master and freddie hand over the book ii manuscript page for printing . we watch the page go round . dick benton be here to help . they smoke cigarettes and watch the printing machine move ... we see the title of the book : " the split saber " we see , in close up , the last line of the book : " .. .as gift to homo-sapien , in hope of a better world . lancaster dodd , M.D. " int . cause h.o. phoenix - day everyone collect for the start of the Congress . 250 people in attendance from all over . applause for master as he stand on stage , speak : master that 's enough .. .now that 's enough , you be go to make I red all over . . . thank you . thank you . Book ii be about man . ( more ) 106 . master ( cont 'd ) and the title of the book be : " the Split saber . " this be a adap-tation of the original text ... and here we have some answer ... ooooooh 's and aaaaaaah 's . whisper , etc . master ( cont 'd ) no more secret ... this be a study of you last 83 trillion year .. . this be about the source of creation . of good and evil ... . and the source of all ... now funny enough - the source of all be ... you . I have a unlock and discover a secret to live in this body that we hold .. . and ohhhhhhh yessss it 's verrrye evre veryvery serious ! the secret be laughter . cu . freddie listen from the sideline . it 's sweltering hot in here . fan above do nothing . everyone be pouring sweat but rapt in attention ... freddie look up at the stage and master speak ... master keep talk ... freddie keep look ... master talk and talk ... . freddie look ... master ( cont 'd ) .so let 's review " laughter and Processing . " and how the role of the listener ... freddie imagine himself stand up , go up to the stage , pull out a large saber and slice master' head off . he head roll into the audience ... .master keep talk and talk ... master ( cont 'd ) man be not a animal man be a enternal spirit . 107 . back to freddie . he 's sit up straight , watch , pour sweat . it 's the end of the lecture . everyone stand up and give master a huge round of applause ... CUT to : int . cause college . a big party at the end of the evening . slow zoom in on freddie . sober . sitting and watch everyone dance aroud and have a good time . he 's stoic . people be come and speak to he ... he be gracious , nodd she and there ... a sexy young woman , joan bank ( 30 ) sing a song for everyone : elizabeth be play the piano . joan ( singing ) a tisket-a-tasket-my past live in a basket ! we're here now , we're here now . in lovely ar-i-zo -na . and wrestle out re - act right to the ground and push , pull , pin it down . we'll take it , well take it , that dirty seed and wipe ' em . the apa and ama will have to kiss our - ss be everyone applaud , laugh . freddie watch everyone celebrate and laugh , drink , etc ... elizabeth come over and sit with freddie ... elizabeth can we have some of you booze now ? freddie no more booze , girl -y . or have not you hear ? elizabeth freddie elizabeth 108 . she leave . CUT to : ext . desert - day / next morning . master , riding a motorcycle ... and a sedan carry freddie and dick breton .. . pull up in the middle of flatland desert outside phoenix ... angle , later . the three of they stand out in the desert ... master the game be " pick a Point " pick a point ... and ride straight at it . as fast as you can . I will go first . master get up on the bike . pick a spot on the horizon . and drive straight at it - a thousand mile a hour . complete abandon . miniosequence her . seeing the speed . he goe full throttle for almost half a mile ... he arrive ... skid to a stop ... the adrenaline and rush ... he turn ... then goe back the same way he come . he pull up . he laugh he head off , talk about what just happen ... angle , later . freddie's turn ... he get on - pick a spot , say what it be ... and drive toward it . drive . fast . he hit a bump . almost wipe out . keep go . fast . faster . faster . freddie keep on go ... master watch he go and go-disappear on the horizon line ... hold . freddie be gone . music start , over the following : ( ? " ho ! for kansa . " ) dissolve to : 109 . ext . desert - three - hour later - dusk . master and dick breton get in the car , do wait for freddie .. and drive off . CUT to : ext . galveston , tx. freddie get passage on a freighter . it sail off . he 's on it . back at sea . CUT to : ext . atlantic ocean . day . freddie on board . . . down below . he make he special potion of booze out of rubbing alcohal and some other ingredient for the other crew member ... this all end up in a evening of : tattoo 's. freddie get some new tattoo be " too tough to die " ext . lynn , Mass . suberban neighborhood week later . freddie walk up to a small house in a suburban neighborhood ... he knock on the door ... then stand back off the step ... a noewegian woman - mother - type ( 40s ) open the door , rocognise he ; we see freddie . he look rough , tired ... he have more tatoos that come up from under he shirt and start to wrap up he neck ... mother hello ... . freddie ? freddie hi. I be lookin ' for doris . mother oh . . what for ? 110 . freddie ' cause I be look for she . because i want to talk to she . that 's what for . mother well . doris be in Alabama right now . she life there ... . she 's marry to Jim Day . he 's in rotc training . navy flight training ... freddie Jim day ? Jim day - jim day ? that jim -day ? mother yes . Jim day . from sommerville . freddie when do that happen ? mother they have be marry for three year . freddie to jim day ? mother yes . freddie be he still ugly ? pause . mother she have two child . freddie . boy or girl ? mother two girl . be you come back home ? freddie I be just visit , want to see if she be around , say hello . mother how 's you family do ? freddie yeah , alright . pause . freddie well , ok - then . if she 's not here . mother you could write she . I have a adress . freddie no , I be not gonna write she a latter . mother alright . freddie be she upset that last time I be here ? when I leave she here ? mother yes . freddie be she break up about it ? mother yes . freddie do she tell you what happen ? mother yes . freddie what do she say ? mother that you say you could not be with she and that you would come back some time . be that right ? ( it be a long time ago . ) freddie yeah . mother where have you be ? freddie ( laugh ) ... I be work . I be do a lot of work and travel , I think I be halfway aroudn the world do thing since I last see doris ... how old be she now ? 112 mother doris be twenty . freddie casue I want to know . she be too young when I know she , when I see she . how 's sonny ? mother sonny die in Italy . freddie yep. yeah . alright . beat . freddie I love doris , but when I come back hom .. and she be only sixteen , so ... i could not wait for she - but she 's happy and that 's good . so ... mother I will tell she you come to see I . freddie that 's not go to matter - give I a break -- mother do you want she to know ? freddie it 's better if she thinkgs I be a heel . that 's better - so if you can - do not tell she - but you be she mother you ' will tell she , so - mother no I will not . I think you be right . freddie well . . . you do whatever you think be right . mother it be nice to see you . freddie . be I leave ? mother no . whatever you would like . you can come in . 113. freddie I gotta go . thank you . so. . . thank you . how 's Mr. shoeman ? mother he 's very good . he , 's work . freddie tell he I say hello . mother alright . long pause . freddie so she name be doris Day ? the the doris Day ? mother yes . freddie like the movie star . freddie come up and give she a kiss on the cheek and walk off . CUT to : int . movie theater - somewhere . freddie , by himself , drink from he flask . the movie play be a short " casper the friendly ghost . there be good boos tonight . " he be passed out in the back row of the balcony ... a sory of dream moment happen where ... a usher walk up with a telephone and hand it to freddie , waking he up , freddie speak into the phone : freddie hello ? master ( v.0 . ) I miss you . freddie how would you find I ? 114 master ( v.0 . ) we be tie together . who get to you , freddie ? freddie what ? master ( v.0 . ) who get to you ? freddie nothing . nobody . master ( v.0 . ) come to England ... you will love it here . and I think it will do you some good . can you do it ? freddie where ? master ( v.0 . ) we have a new house ... . it 's in England . freddie my spaceship 's in the shop and the dance card full master ( v.0 . ) ha ha ha ha . you have still get it ! will you bring some kool ? freddie they do not have them there ? master ( v.0 . ) the only bad part over she ... no kool . freddie how would you find I ? master ( v.0 . ) freddie ; I ahve a matter of such urgency - a matter that only you can help I with - that may , in fact , cure the insane once and for all ... back to freddie . passed out in the movie theater .. . he wake up , look around ... watch casper for a second or two .. .get up ... and walk down the very steep flight of stair on the balcony ... 115 . . it 's dark ... he 's drunk ... he take a step or two the wrong way - and fall ... he not only fall down the step - but over the balcony railing and down into the MAIN auditorium ... the fall should either kill he or break he back . audience member come rush over , help he . . . people call for help ... freddie's knocked out . hold this and watch as people help he . . . there be woman her ... she be a bit shaken , freddie fell right next to her ... we see this woman , and recognize her as the woman ( nude dancer ) from the nightclub in new york CITY ... ellen ... she look at freddie ... CUT to black . fade up in ; int . hospital - later freddie look around . he see a young woman ... it all take he a minute .. .he focus on she : it 's she ... ellen . ellen you be alright . you be superman . he look at she . ellen do you remember I ? you save my life . you do not remember I ? you tell I where I could get some help . and I do . and it save my life . freddie look at she , look around , look down at himself . only a few bandage , all seem to be in order .. ellen do you know what happen ? freddie I fall over the balcony . 116 . ellen that 's right . freddie be I alright ? ellen yes . freddie sure I be not dead ? ellen yes . freddie not dream ? ellen well ... I do not know ... depend on how you mean ... you be here right now . with I . in the hospital . it 's 1952 . New york city . my name be ellen rodger .. you probably do not recognize I with my clothes on ... he he he . freddie . why be you here ? ellen I be in the movie theater . you fall down . right. next. to. I ... I just happen to be there . you see ? freddie do you have a cigarette ? ellen no . pause . she start to cry a little ... ellen . you be a mess ... I can not see you this way ... you ... I have think about you and what my life be life before the Cause and now . . . before I meet you ... .and you should be a savior . you be . freddie look at she ... she put she head on he ... 117 . ellen I be not a cryer . I be sorry . I do not know why I be cry ... I be just heppy to see you ... can I get you something ? hold ... freddie I really want a cigarette ... she go away ... come back ... light he up a cigarette ... freddie I want to get to a phone ... I gotta make a phone call . . .can you help I with that ? CUT to : int . hospital / hallway . phone booth . freddie make a long distance call to phoenix arizona . finally connect with the cause h.q. ( ellen linger in background .. ) voice the Cause College of Phoenix , hello . freddie this be freddie sutton call for moc . voice who ? freddie my name be freddie sutton . I be call for moc . voice moc be not here , I can help you . be you call for help ? be you in trouble or would you like to come in for free processing and evaluation ? freddie be someone there . Elizabeth or mary Sue or norm conrad , the family ? voice no , they're in England . 118. freddie voice who be this ? freddie be Dick breton there ? voice Dick breton no longer work for this organization . who be this ? freddie my name be freddie sutton and I 'ma friend of the the family . where in England ? voice be you in any kind of trouble that we can help you with ? you can come in for a evaluation - freddie hang up . he think . he think . he think . he look at ellen ... she look at he ... CUT to : int . eelen' apartment - new yokr CITY - night . freddie be in ellen 's bed . she be go over he tattto 's . she kiss the top of he feet . on he left foot : a pig . one he right foor : a rooster . ellen what be this ? what do this mean ? freddie they keep you from drown ... keep the sea from swallow you .. pig and rooster 's always survive a shipwreck . ellen how come they survive ? freddie I do not know . they can swim better ? never think about it . ellen do you ever have a shipwreck ? freddie . I do . 119 . hold . he think about this . ellen start to get a little teary . she hug he leg and foot , hold onto he ... CUT to : ext . atlantic ocean . day . freddy on board a ship head across the ocean . CUT to : ext . london . england - day - month later . freddie , alone , walk down the street of london ... camera with he , in the b.g. there be still vacant lot , half bombed building , remnant of the CITY bombarded ... CUT to : ext . coutnry road / england - day . freddie walk a long road carry he duffle bad ... he head up , pass some student ( wear uniform ) he come into a clear and head up a driveway that lead to a very large english manor ... CUT to : int . reception area / mansion . a young british girl be very welcoming , ask he : british girl hello ! welcome , can we help you and invite you to sit down ? freddie you can ... british girl you look like you have travel here ... freddie .how else do you get someplace ? 120 . british girl ha , ha , he , he ... .can I assist you in help ? freddie . I be here to see you master . CUT to : int . waiting area / country estate - moment later . freddie be sit , wait .. .he see : down the hallway , approaching be : val . he look good , healthy clean -cut , etc ... he 's walk with a aid and go over some official business ... val walk past freddie ... val see freddie . freddie see val . he stop , come back .. . walk up to freddie : val come to get yourself straight ? freddie you look good , Val . val thank you . freddie be in the neighborhood , stop in to see you old man . val do he know you be here ? freddie he should ... master come down the long hallway ... master be there a rascal in the house ?? val to freddie quickly before master arrive : val they always come back . 121. master be there a rascal nearby ? master come barrel up to freddie , wrap he arm around freddie in a big-friendly bear hug . master mold sparring partner . val watch ... master Traveller . seamen . adventurer . bon vivant . you bring with you elan vitale . day of rugge wear on you face , come with I ... CUT to : int . master' opulent office - day . maser and freddie together ... mary sue be here ... cu . freddie he 's listen to master speak - master ( o.c . ) you do not believe that this can work freddie not really . master ( o.c . ) then you will never know . be you drunk ? freddie no . master ( o.c . ) it 's not up to I to decide how ou use it or if you use it . but if you want fact . and scientific proof . this be it . reverse , master . master who get to you ? 122. freddie nobody . master do you want to come back ? freddie I do not think so . master we could have some fun . without you , there 's less adventure . freddie how do you get this castle ? master I think I win it in a card game . he he he . mary sue you look sick , freddie . you do not look healthy . freddie I do not look that way , that 's not the way I look . ( must be a bad habit . ) mary sue you should . you can . you do not think you can . ? freddie it 's just not how I look . mary sue can not take this - life straight , huh ? beat . mary sue what do you want ? what do you hope would happen by come here today ? freddie I do not know .. I have a dream . 123. master the pull and the dream . the intersection of astral plane . only a man as strong as you can listen to that call ... pause . freddie do you need some photograph take ? I could do that for you . you know . whatever I do for you , I be only gonna do for a minute . it 's only gonna be a minute before I go somewhere else again ... just the way it 's build . master I know it . but this be not fashion . this be something to do for billion of year or not at all ... mary sue we do not need any photo 's take , freddie . they all sit and look at each other . mary sue get restless . she stand up ... she leave . it take she a minute to walk across the huge room . . . pause , then : master look at freddie .. master go into he desk , take out a contract . master we have a new contract . . . it say that you will serve the Cause above all other law and regulation in this or any other neighbor galaxy for three billion year ... . would you sign it ? and join with I ? freddie master it 's not that long in the scheme of thing , freddie .. .he he he he he .. pause . silence between they ... then : master start to sing . . .and walk over to freddie ... serenade he ; 124 . master lighting up the night so bright , for all of US who sail by night ... for that of we who sail by night - light , light , the light . I would love to get ya ... on a slow boat to China all to myself alone ... get you and keep ya , in my arm ever more . leave all you lover , weepin ' on a far-away shore . out on the briny with that moon big and shinee . melting you heart of stone . honey I would love to get ya on a slow boat to China all to myself alone ... they look at each other . CUT to : ext . estate - countryside . freddie walk off , away from the mansion . . . down the road .. . pass student ... CUT to : int . brothel / apartment - london - night . freddie be lie in bed with a british woman . he 's smoking , look at the ceiling , she curl up next to he . . . smoke some of he cigarette ... we see he full body now , cover in amazing , intricate tattoos 's. bird , ship , flag , palm tree , " too tough to die , " freddie what 's you name ? winn I tell you ... do not rememeber ? 125 . freddie say it ... winn you be drunk ... freddie no . not drunk yet . say it ... winn winn . freddie say you full name . winn winn Manchester . freddie say it again ... winn winn mancester . freddie say it again ... winn winn Manchester . freddie be you sure you have not live before ? winn no . freddie maybe this be not you only life ... winn I do not think it be ... the end .