the purge by James demonaco James demonaco - copyright wgae July 6 , 2011 black screen . we hear a monotone female voice over : female voice some say the american dream die after the fourth World War . image of war - tank FIRE projectile ; new york skyscraper explode ; corpse litter a miami beach-head . female voice ( cont 'd ) the 10 year global conflict leave America with a fail economy that could no longer sustain its grow population . crowd of people on food line . a riot break out in the middle of the line - AMERICANS tear each other apart . female voice ( cont 'd ) a unparalleled economic Depression ravage the country . unemployment grow exponentially . crime rate skyrockete . America be infect by a unrelent plague of violence . news report show gunfight on suburban street ; gang roam decimate neighborhood with machete . female voice ( cont 'd ) after year of chaos and despair , the arcon system Corporation , a steel alloy , satellite , and weapon 's manufacturer , buy the bankrupt U.S. government 's debt and , for the first time in history , the government be corporate - own and privatize . shot of enormous factories - the ominous corporate logo - arcon - be glimpse in the back of each interior . female voice ( cont 'd ) arcon 's first order of business be control the epidemic of crime that be destroy the nation . image of a stern man in a drab suit - stand on a podium - surround by a army - address the camera with a impassion speech . ( note : we do not hear he . ) behind he , the corporate logo - arcon . ( continued ) continued : female voice ( cont 'd ) after many fail attempt to solve this problem , the new ruler devise a experimental method to alleviate crime . they call it ' the purge . 's the camera push in on the ominous arcon logo as we : fade to black . title card : the purge int . young boy 's bedroom —- morning not you typical 12 year old 's room . it 's bare - not many toy , a few book . the proprietor of this room : charlie sandin - lie asleep in bed . Light spill through blind , waking he . he sit up , ready to start he day . Charlie immediately grab a wrist watch from he night table - put it on and press a button on it - change the watch 's display from clock to medical monitor which begin beeping ( a audio presentation of he pulse rate ) . after a moment , the watch display charlie 's heart rate ( 55 ) and temperature ( 98.5 ) . Charlie then pick up a calendar book - rifle through page , on which we see that Charlie have write down he heart rate and temperature every morning for the last 5 year . he reach today 's date , when he eye fall on the page 's header - MARCH 21 - the annual purge . and Charlie 's face suddenly tighten with worry . Charlie write down he vital , then abruptly close the book - as if try to hide the date that 's unsettle he . but he expression tell we he be not successful . Charlie then stand and approach he dresser . he open a drawer , rifle through clothes , and do something odd ; he put on another t-shirt over he shirt . he then put on yet another t-shirt over that . and he 's not finish ; Charlie put on two more pair of underwear . and as he stand there , all layer up , we notice that Charlie 's a handsome boy , but there 's something strange about he , in the way he move , the way he stare off . Charlie then proceed to he closet . he open it and strangely walk into the closet , disappear between hanging clothes - when he skinny arm reach back and close the closet door - shutting we out - and himself in for some reason . int . large bedroom —- morning jame and mary sandin be awake in they bed . both in they early 40s . jame be handsome , tan , fit . he 's sit up - on the phone - in smooth salesman work mode : jame ( on phone ) - Mr. calhoun , the system will be work without a hitch by the time the purge begin . I have a service crew on they way now - mary sandin - next to James - be also tan , in healthy shape and pretty . she 's look through magazine that feature high - priced boat / yacht for sale - barely pay attention to the tv / internet projection on the wall in front of she play the morning news : newscaster 1 - for most , today begin with the tradition of display baptisia flower outside they home , signify cleanse , as tonight bring we the tenth annual purge . Mary ear-mark a page display a gorgeous yacht as : newscaster 1 ( cont ’d ) 90 percent of all Americans be now in favor of this annual night , and a recent arcon evaluation of the 10 percent who oppose the purge reveal that more than half of this dissent faction be psychologically unstable . the news cut to a tape clip of a pony - tailed mexican - american man stand on a STREET corner . his name be carmelo johns and he 's hold a sign that read ; '' do not conform ! " , '' visit the -resistance . org for the truth ! '' he 's yelling wildly at passerbys - most pay he no attention at all - while other cast a weary eye on he : carmelo johns ( on tv ) - the purge have clean up the street but at what cost ? our soul be at stake ! Mary take note of something carmelo 's say when the tv report cut back to the newscaster : newscaster 2 ( on tv ) the start of the purge be sundown - 7 pm Standard - and some predict elevate level of violen - ( continued ) continued : Mary raise the remote - shut the tv . go back to she magazine - find a enormous boat - she eye light up . she show this boat to she husband who 's still on phone : mary look at this one , baby . perfect . James smile - silently agree - as : jame ( on phone , cont ’d ) - Mr. calhoun , arcon make the strongest steel in the world . you will be lock in tight tonight . - yessir , bye now . James hang up the phone . mary ( be : phone call ) everything ok , babe ? jame everyone 's do security check , get ready for tonight . if one system I sell have a glitch , I 'il lose the bonus . Mary kiss she husband . mary it will be fine . now go get ready . James stand . as he put on a robe : jame what be you gonna do today , babe ? mary not sure . definitely go for a run . eat way too much lately . jame you be crazy . you look amazing . ( then ) do you hear the scratch last night ? mary it wake I up at 3 . what the hell be it ? it 's drive I crazy . James shrug - no idea . he start out of the room , when Mary stop he with : ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) mary ( cont 'd ) Babe , before you go - we need to talk to Zoey about this Henry thing . she 's get worse , moody all the time . jame when I be 16 I be not even allow to have a girlfriend . we be not be too harsh tell she she can not see he on school night . mary sometimes I think we push she too hard , hun . jame by ' we 's you mean ' I 's . and I push she just enough . look how great she 's be do . if she continue on this track she can be a executive at arcon , Mary . James smile wide , excited by this idea . he kiss he wife and head out . alone now , Mary turn back on the tv / internet projection , see a commercial ; a corporate feel - good spot with soothing music over tranquil image - people picnicking , holding blue bouquet of flowers - as : soothing voice over ( on tv ) ...- release the beast and connect with yourself . Exercise you right to purge tonight . arcon encourage you participation . int . daughter zoey sandin 's bedroom —- morning school book everywhere . impeccably neat . a impressive wall of award for math and writing contests - plaque for piano recital - as well as a dozen sport trophies - gymnastics , track . we pan off all this , finding : the proprietor of this accolade - zoey sandin ( 16 , all - american , sweet - as-pie , cheerleader - type ) , passionately kissing she slightly older boyfriend - the aforementioned henry ( 18 , handsome , furrow brow , force teen intensity ) . Zoey and Henry stop kissing - stare deeply at each other - young love in full obsessive melodramatic bloom . zoey God , I love you too much . ( continued ) continued : henry we be gonna spend we life together , baby . we will not be sneaking around like this much longer , trust I . Zoey smile - mesmerize - crazy in love . she embrace Henry - he squeeze she tight , equally as infatuated . zoey I thank God every day that you be in my life . but you should go . all hell will break loose if he see you here now . one last kiss - Henry then move to the window and climb out , onto the balcony , disappear below . we stay with zoey - beam with young love , when she eye fall on that wall of trophies and plaque and photo of herself at piano recital , beauty contests , etc . she stare at all of it - she bright smile fade . int . sandin house hallway - morning a long hall decorate with photo of the attractive sandins - jame , mary , zoey and charlie . we notice something at the end of this corridor - it 's a foot high - move toward we . as it draw near , we see that it 's : a rabbit - hopping through the home . and it 's a strange rabbit , indeed . its fur be green and white and weathered terribly . it 's also miss its right ear . it 's a incongruous image - the weathered rabbit hopping through the pristine sandin hall , until it come upon : mary sandin ( wear a robe now ) - in the kitchen -— stand in front of the OPEN refrigerator - eat some cake with great fervor . after a beat , Mary spot the rabbit . she smirk , then oddly talk to the bunny : mary no picture , Charlie . I wake up hungry . this be we secret . CUT to : int . a dark SMALL space - same box pile in the corner - boy' clothes hang . it 's a closet that 's be turn into a secret hide spot - replete with a toy , book , drawing , as well as candid photo of the sandins - mary , jame and zoey ( note : no photo of charlie ) . we find : young charlie sandin - sit on a small chair in this , he secret getaway . ( note : this be clearly the back of Charlie 's closet - into which he disappear earlier . ) Charlie 's not only wear that multiple layer of clothes , but he 's also now don a bizarre pair of SMALL , circular dark glass / goggle - as well as hold a I - pod nano - like device which he handle expertly . we hold on charlie - in that dark glass / goggle , seemingly stare off at nothing until we see what he 's looking at : he mom - in the kitchen - smile at the rabbit - as we just see she . we quickly realize that charliex glass be some kind of hi-tech mini -monitor display the rabbit 's roving Pov . with the glass , Charlie can see and hear ( and photograph ) everything the rabbit sees and hear - which be , right now , he Mom : mary ( on mini - monitor inside glass ) I be come to visit , baby . I x11 bring vic. Charlie smile . he remove that glass , stand , move through the hanging clothes and emerge back into : he bedroom Charlie jump in bed - pull the cover over he body - obviously hide the layer of clothes , when - knock . charlie come in . the door open - mary enter - cradling the rabbit . she place it on the dresser and then plug a cord into a slot in its back while Charlie press the I - pod-like device , highlighting a command - sleep mode - cause : the rabbit to close its eye . and we realize that the rabbit be just a ultra-realistic remote - control stuff animal of tomorrow - land . as the rabbit ' sleep 's , Mary sit next to Charlie on the bed . ( continued ) continued : mary Morning kiddo . how 's the vital ? charlie slight deviation in my temperature . otherwise good . ( then ) I hear that scratch again late last night . ( gesture toward the weathered rabbit ) I have Victor explore the whole house - we do not find anything . mary we hear it too . you dad think it 's a animal stick in the wall . charlie I think daddy 's wrong . they share a smile . beat as Mary curiously note the way Charlie hold the cover over he body . mary be you layer again , Charlie ? Charlie lower he eye , embarrassed by this . Mary lean forward , gently pull the cover off she son -— revealing he three shirt and three payr of underwear . charlie do not tell daddy . Mary grin warmly at she red-face son : mary I will not . but do not be embarrassed by this , or check you vital , or whatever . who know why we do thing , baby ? it 's all ok . Charlie smile - feel better . Mary ruffle he hair and then tickle he - she adore she quirky boy . they laughter finally whittles , and as Mary stare at she son , she see he expression tighten into worry - just as it do when he see the date in he calendar book earlier . mary ( cont 'd ) ( knowingly ) it 's tonight , be not it , Charlie ? Charlie nod , ' yes it be '. ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) mary ( cont 'd ) you have to remember all the good that come from the purge . ok ? Charlie do not respond . Mary change the subject : mary ( cont 'd ) C ’mon , tell I what you want for breakfast , baby . ext . STREET - cul do sac - sandin house - morning a sun -drench upper class suburban cul - do - sac - comprise of about 8 very large home at its circular dead - end . a forest loom behind the home . a almost too picture - perfect rich american neighborhood . ( note : this be the future , and though the world seem similar to we own in several way , many technological detail vary - the car be smaller , automated manless lawn-mowers trim grass , yard have wind turbine , etc . ) as we focus on this opulent street , we notice that every home be conspicuously display a bouquet of blue baptisia flowers by they front door - every home , except one . and that noticeably flower - free home happen to be the large home on the cul - de-sac - a three level majestic beauty - 8000 square feet . we also see that the two window flanking the front door of this large home be function , at the present moment , as hi - tech 3d digital screen display a well -dress attractive woman pleasantly say : digital woman ( on window screen ) - good morning , sandin family . arcon encourage you participation in the tradition of display blue baptisia flower commemorate the purge . ( again ) good morning , sandin family . arcon encourage you part - — the digital woman repeat this message over and over when the front door of this enormous home open - and jame ( in a slick suit ) exit . he hold a vase of blue flowers - which he place on he front porch . the continuous message suddenly stop and digital woman say : ( continued ) 10 . continued : digital woman ( on window screen ) ( cont 'd ) thank you , sandin family . good day . the digital screen fade - and the window return to they original state - simply be window . James barely note this as he call back into he house : jame cc’mon , kid , we be late . a beat later , zoey and charlie ( both wear catholic school uniform ) emerge from the home . Zoey do not look at she dad , she expression cold , moody . the trio move to they car - draw the attention of a neighbor across the way - young mr . cali : mr . cali Mr. sandin - I just test the new system - it 's work perfectly . jame I only sell the best , Mr. cali . same arcon system I be use . no one 's bother we tonight . the neighbor share a smile as James and he child continue to they car , get inside . behind they , we spot mary step under the threshold of she front door : mary bye guy , have a good day . Mary wave to she family as they drive off . we stay behind , with Mary , when she look up at the : sky -board - enormous 3d ' billboard 's hover in the sky - a array of advertisement , government announcement , news headline . Times Square in the heaven . colorful digital image grab people 's attention from on high . most of the sky - board be from arcon and pertain to the purge - i.e. be proud and purge ; the purge save america ! Mary consider the sky-board , when : woman' voice ( 0.s. ) Mrs. sandin . Mary 's attention be break by the fake - tan , fake - breast mrs . ferrin - approach from she home ( on the right of the sandins ) . Mrs. ferrin be hold a tin - foiled plate : ( continued ) ll. continued : ( 2 ) mrs . ferrin ' Morning . I come bear gift . mary what could I have possibly do to deserve a gift , Mrs. ferrin ? mrs . ferrin ( playful ) just be the perfect neighbor be all . I have a new hobby . baking . but I make way too many cookie - so I hope you be hungry . and before Mary could even say ' thank you 's : mr . halverson ( 0.s. ) I hope you be hungry too because that cookie be crazy good . Mary and Mrs. ferrin turn , find the halverson - the enormous neighbor on the left side of the sandins - the football player - like 18 year old twin halverson son and the rotund halverson parent be get in they car . the Big halverson smile one last time before drive off . Mrs. ferrin whisper to Mary : mrs . ferrin I know - more cookie be not what the halverson need . Mrs. ferrin laugh - Mary politely join in . they laughter finally fade and silence follow . Mrs. ferrin gesture toward the luxurious sandin home : mrs . ferrin ( cont 'd ) I never do tell you - the addition on you home look amazing . it 's inspire I and Mr. ferrin to do a addition also . we be consulting designer now . mary thank you . and I recommend we guy - jacobson - a genius . they trade polite smile - a hint of competition hang in the air between they . Mary break the moment : mary ( cont 'd ) so , any plan for the purge ? ( continued ) 12 . continued : ( 3 ) mrs . ferrin nothing special . my husband and I will lock ourselves in and enjoy some quiet time . that 's all . as Mrs. ferrin start walk away : mary thanks so much for the cookie , Mrs. ferrin . mrs . ferrin enjoy ‘em with that gorgeous family of yours . have a good day , Mrs. sandin - and a safe night . Mrs. ferrin walk into she home . Mary watch she , then enter she own huge house . int . sandin mansion - morning - continuous as Mary step in , carry that cookie . we follow her through - notice how enormous and beautiful she home be - wind hall - multiple staircase - dozen of room . int . sandin home gym - morning - continuous a elaborate home workout room . Mary enter . before start she run , she try one of mrs . ferrin 's cookies . she immediately grimace and spit the cookie into the tissue , disgust . surprise , she put down the plate . Mary step onto a treadmill . she start to run , when she eye fall on a nearby wall calendar - on today 's date : tuesday , MARCH 21 . the annual purge . a unsettle look rise on she face . Mary run faster . fade to black . ext . cul - do - sac - sandin mansion - night fall establishing the picturesque cul - de-sac and the large sandin Home as the moon arrive , escort in the night . jame ( 0.s . ) - let we give thanks on this special night - 13 . int . sandin kitchen - same - night fall the attractive sandin family sit at the kitchen table , ready to eat dinner , all hold hand for some kind of prayer / thanks . Victor , Charlie 's rabbit , sit on the table next to he . they all have they eye close , except Charlie , who 's secretly peer at everyone . jame ( cont 'd ) - to the Martyrs who bring peace . to the New found father for let we purge and cleanse we soul . we be extremely grateful . the family break they collective finger lock and James begin a nightly dinner ritual : jame ( cont 'd ) - so , let 's hear about everyone 's day ? Zoey , you will go first - but Charlie - take the rabbit off the table before we begin . please . Charlie gently put he rabbit on the floor as James look at he daughter , wait for she to begin the nightly ritual . Zoey glare harshly at she dad : zoey I be not do this anymore . it 's stupid . James just stare at she , not accept that . zoey ( cont ’d ) Fine . calc test . piano . normal day . who care ? it 's dumb . jame I do . so how do practice go ? you ready for the recital ? Zoey just stare at he - teenage angst scream ' leave I alone ! 's Mary throw James a look - ' stop bother she . 's James ignore Mary , say to Zoey : jame ( cont 'd ) you be ready . you always be . ( then ) just make sure you leave hand cooperate on the 3rd concerto . Zoey do not even look at she father - so mad now . Mary eye James - ' stop '. James relent and say : ( continued ) 14 . continued : jame ( cont 'd ) if you guy do not mind , I ’11l do my day next . I have some news . ( then , big grin ) I do it . all sale final and I be on top . my division sell the most new purge security system . James be beam . everyone react with joy - except Zoey - who just roll she eye . Mary hug she husband : mary and charlie congratulation ! so proud of you , baby . Way to go , dad . James can not stop smile . jame the bonus be even bigger than last year . that mean a huge vacation , the boat for you mom , another addition on the house , and anything else you guy want . James be ecstatic - so proud of himself , when : charlie what be you gonna do with a big boat , Mom ? Mary go to respond but she mouth yield nothing . she seem unable to answer . confused by she own silence , she look at James , who help she : jame sail . she ’1ll learn to sail , Charlie . what else ? Mary nod , shrug - ' I guess I ’1ll learn to sail 's - but something about the whole question seem to have really dumbfounded she . jame ( cont 'd ) ok - enough about my bonus - back to we day . Charlie , you be up . charlie we study the history of the purge in History . and I write a story in English about a man who invent a spray that allow you to see offensive smell . like fart . ( then ) and daddy 's breath . ( continued ) 15 . continued : ( 2 ) Mary and Zoey burst out laugh . Zoey almost spit some food out . James be smile - a good sport : jame very funny . and you lady be laugh a little too hard . i’1l get you back for that one , Charlie - boy . beware . Mary , Zoey , and Charlie be laugh even harder now . Zoey actually high - fives she brother . James can not help but join in . in the b.g. , we hear the purge commercial on the 0.s. tv / internet projection : soothing voice ( 0.s. ) ... Exercise you right to purge tonight . arcon encourage you participation . Charlie take almost subconscious note of the o.s. commercial , as the sandins 's laughter whittles . Zoey assume she pissy attitude again , when : jame Zoey , before we hear about you Mom 's day , I want to remind you that we need to review you arcon University application essay . Zoey shoot she father another nasty look , like she 's go to bite he head off . Mary jump in : mary James , for godsake , we speak about this . she do not always have to be work . ( to Zoey ) Zoey , I be give you permission to ignore he . Zoey do not respond , she 's ignore everyone now , head down , eat . James go to say something but Mary 's expression admonish - ' no more . 's he shut he mouth . charlie mommy 's turn . jame that 's right . Mary , you day ? before Mary could answer - ding dong . the door bell . James consult the wall - clock and he expression tighten - a unsettle look emerge - which he try to hide . ( continued ) 16 . continued : ( 3 ) jame ( cont 'd ) oh. look at the time . that must be Mr. kane . I x11 show he in and then I guess we will begin the lock - down protocol . they all nod - clearly aware of what the ' lock - down protocol 's be . Mary 's face sag with sudden anxiety - not unlike James 's - and she too try to hide it . James exit . CUT to : the sandin front door - just moment later open and revealing a skinny , gaunt , completely bald 45 year old man with a bright , polite smile . his name be mr . kane and he ring the bell . jame ( who just open the door ) greet he with a over-size grin : jame Mr. kane . mr . kane Mr. sandin . sorry I be almost late - the traffic - everyone rush to get off the street before the purge begin . ( then ) what a beautiful home , sir . jame thank you . come in . let I bring you downstairs . you can make yourself comfortable while I take care of some purge preparation and then I 'il join you afterward . James escort Mr. kane inside and then down stair , into : int . basement - continuous - same as Mr. kane and James walk across the large basement off which several room debouch . James and Mr. kane continue to smile - both man be overly polite . they reach one of the basement door : jame we will do we business here . ( continued ) 17 . continued : James open the door revealing a cozy room within . strangely , the floor of the room be cover with plastic tarp . there be a lone chair in the middle of the room atop this plastic . a unusual ominous tableau . jame ( cont 'd ) you can take a seat right there . I hope it 's comfortable . Mr. kane enter and sit on the lone chair . mr . kane it 's very comfortable . jame great . see you shortly , Mr. kane . Mr. kane smile again . James smile back . the ever - — present awkwardness between they reach a crescendo . James close the door , shutting Mr. kane inside . CUT to : int . sandin den / security room - night fall a room with a bank of 12 hi - tech computer screen - set up like security monitor on a wall . they be not on . mary , zoey and charlie be all inside this room now . Charlie be hold Victor . Zoey be intently look at she cell phone . Mary be scrutinize Zoey : mary - Zoey , I know you be still upset about Henry , baby . you know you can talk to I any time , right ? Zoey look up at she mother - as if she 's go to say something when jame enter . Zoey quickly shut down as James announce with a slight measure of dread that he still attempt to hide : jame Mr. kane be situate . and we be only minute away . ( then ) ok . let 's get ready for the purge . James walk to the bank of monitor - hit a nearby switch - all the monitor pop on . they be clearly security monitor - each displaying a different angle of the exterior of the sandin home - the immense backyard , the pool , the tall fence , and the large forest beyond . ( continued ) 18 . continued : several monitor display angle of the front yard and piece of the STREET and house across the cul -de - sac . James spot movement on one monitor : jame ( cont 'd ) look , Mr. sabian be go hunt . Mary , Charlie , and Zoey consult the monitor , see what James be refer to : on monitor - where we see a man exiting a home across the way . he 's dressed in full camouflage - like a soldier about to go to battle . he 's carry gun and knive . jame ( cont 'd ) ( see something else outside ) and the johnson be have a purge Party . Zoey , Mary , and Charlie consult another computer security screen which display a angle of the ' johnson home 's down the STREET and there we see : 12 men and women , all dress formally in suit and dress ( they ' Sunday best 's ) walk into this home . four of the suite - men be carry a old - fashioned , full -size , functional guillotine . the sandins eye the guillotine . not surprised by it . jame ( cont 'd ) ok . let 's get on with it . James open ( with a key ) a nearby cabinet - revealing a half dozen gun . he remove one gun and pocket it . jame ( cont 'd ) as always . just a precaution . he lock the cabinet when he spot something outside : jame ( cont 'd ) Mr. cali 's start he lock - down with the system I sell he . ( beam with pride ) that 's just one of the many that lead to this year 's bonus . they all look out the window see : ( continued ) 19 . continued : ( 2 ) another house across the cul -de - sac where solid steel barricade electronically emerge from slot in front of every window and door of this home - this fortifying bulwark slowly lower over every entrance and exit point , sealing shut this home with this gate of steel . ( note : there be SMALL observation hole CUT into each protective barricade - cover with bullet - proof glass . ) jame ( cont 'd ) ok . l let 's lock down now . James hit a red button on the nearby wall and , suddenly , the same thing happens to the sandin home : steel gate electronically emerge from slot in front of every window and door of the home - close out all moonlight as they cover each exit / entrance . the whirr of the close barricade bellows ominously . ext . sandin mansion - same as we watch that steel bulwark emerging and close over every window and door of the large sandin home . int . sandin mansion - den - same as a steel barricade close over the window of the den . the family watch it shut - sealing they in . secure the home for some unknown reason . bring in darkness . Mary turn on the light . James look at the monitor - at all the other home on the cul -de - sac - and now we see electronic security barricade secure these home also . jame the golden rule - never , under any circumstance , be the security barricade to be open . they all nod , roll they eye , they know that . jame ( cont 'd ) put on the tv , charlie-boy . we be second away . Charlie raise a remote and turn on a tv / internet where we catch the end of the clearly over - play purge commercial ; image of blue flower , picnic , as : soothing voice over ...- arcon encourage you participation . ( continued ) 20 . continued : the commercial end and a blue screen come on t.v. , accompany by the hum of the emergency broadcast system . the following word scroll across the blue screen as a o.s. announcer speak they simultaneously : announcer ( 0.s. ) this be you emergency broadcast system announce the commencement of the annual purge , sanction by the U.S. arcon government in the Year Orange 11 - 7 o.n. commence at the siren , any and all crime , up to , and include , murder , will be legal for 12 continuous hour . Police , fire , and hospital aide will be unavailable until Thursday morning , March 22 , at 7 am , when the purge conclude . ( beat ) the follow weapon cannot be use during the purge : weapon of mass destruction , fragment - produce explosive higher than a hazard class hc/ D 1.4 and viral contagion projectile . recommend weapon : a.r. rifle and handgun of caliber 6.2 and all blade weaponry . government official of rank 5.1 and higher have be grant immunity from the purge and shall not be harme . non-compliance with any of the aforementioned rule will result in death by hang . end of statement . silence . the sandins stare at the tv . the screen then cut to a suite woman at a podium . senator alban good evening , I be Senator Nina alban . this year , as we celebrate the tenth anniversary of the purge , let we pay tribute to the woman who start it all - world - renowned psychiatrist Dr. Emma brandiss . the broadcast cut to footage of psychologist dr . emma brandiss in a interview from year ago . this be intercut with concussive footage of violence ; prisoner rioting , war , murder , etcetera . ( continued ) continued : 21 . ( 2 ) emma brandiss - we have be deny the fact that we be inherently a violent species . modern civilization have attempt to conceal man 's beastly nature through psychiatry , religion , government - this method have fail . the idea we explore be that perhaps the denial of we true selve be the problem - the ' repression of aggression 's create psychopathic personality . we propose a societal release of this aggressiveness for one lawful evening - a punishment - free outlet to not only contain the violence to a single night , but to cleanse , or purge , we soul of it - make we psychologically stable and less likely to exhibit aberrant behavior on a daily basis . the broadcast cut back to senator alban on the podium : senator alban and during we nation 's darkest hour , arcon have the courage to test Dr. brandiss 's theory , and the result be undeniable . the purge work . shot of happy citizen walk in and out of store front —- carrying bag , buying car , clothing , etcetera . back to senator alban : senator alban ( cont ’d ) and here we be over a decade later . ' release the Beast 's be the nation 's rallying cry as more and more citizen be wait until purge night to engage in violent activity , create a virtually crime - free nation . ( beat ) and to that whose life be sacrifice tonight , both voluntarily and involuntarily , it be a honor to die during the purge - you be we modern day Martyrs , saviour of we Nation . May God be with you all . ( continued ) 22 . continued : ( 3 ) the screen cut to blue and suddenly waaaaaaa ! a screeching siren wail from the tv and blare outside also - apparently come from speaker on the STREET . the sandins stand in a quiet tableau listen to it . the siren stop . Mary look more unsettle . Zoey fidget , still assume she attitude . Charlie stare at everyone . James see he family 's disquieted face : jame I know it 's a difficult evening , guy , but remember - bad thing happen in poor area because they can not afford protection . we will be fine . no worry . no one respond . James go on : jame ( cont 'd ) ok . Charlie , you will stay in you room tonight . you be still too young to understand the purge . charlie that 's ok . good night . Charlie happily walk out . Zoey step forward : zoey I be gonna go be miserable in my room . see you in the morning . Zoey exit . Mary and James ignore she comment -— something else be clearly on they mind : jame Mr. kane 's last meal , Mar ? mary in the oven . jame thanks . ( then ) you sure you do not want to - mary - no , hun . I be not ready yet . maybe next year . James nod . they share a disquieted look - both consider what 's about to happen . ( continued ) 23 . continued : ( 4 ) jame I be gonna go get this do . Mary go to say something but no word come . James exit . Mary consult the monitor , see a mutt crossing the street - otherwise the cul - de - sac be quiet . every home be lock down . every home 's display of flower bloom blue under crepuscular light . CUT to : int . zoey' bedroom - night as Zoey enter she room , slamming the door shut ! so frustrated with she dad . she sit on the bed , stewing , when she sees : her closet door open . at first she 's startle , but fear quickly turn to relief and excitement when brood boyfriend henry emerge from within . Zoey 's on she foot : zoey - what be you do here , baby ? you should not be out during the purge - you could get hurt . henry my dad go hunt - my Mom go to a purgation event . I snuck in when you be eat dinner . happy to see I ? zoey of course ! thank God you be here ! she squeeze he - so happy . Henry squeeze she back . CUT to : int . charlie 's secret lair - night Charlie be disrob in he hideaway - remove multiple layer of clothing . he 's look at Victor the batter rabbit as he do so : charlie ready for we secret mission , Vic ? Young Charlie smirk slyly . he 's up to something . CUT to : 24 . int . basement room - night skinny , pale mr . kane sit on the chair in the center of the room , atop the plastic sheet , in silence . he 's fidget and sweat . the door open and jame step in , politely smile , and now holding a plate of food . jame as request - spaghetti and meatball , Mr. kane . mr . kane it smell wonderful , Mr. sandin . James close the door behind he - shutting we out . CUT to : int . mary and jame 's bedroom - night - same mary enter , sip a martini . she 's fight that unsettle feel , clearly unsure of what to do with herself . she sit on she bed - open a yacht magazine and find the luxurious boat she ear-marked earlier . but something clearly bother she about it now . Mary drop the magazine . her eye fall on the tv . she click on the projection with a remote . we reverse to see what she 's watching : on tv / internet - this word on the screen - live feed - the purge - park ave . , new york . above the word , a security cam - like view of the manhattan STREET comprise of expensive high -rise . all skyscraper window barricaded with steel . no one be outside . baptisia flowers line the sidewalk - commemorate the holiday . Mary raise the remote , changing the site / channel to : on tv / internet : live feed - the purge - oil CITY , penn . above this word , a high angle security cam - like view of a trailer park - all trailer home window protect by wood board - nothing else . all trailer display flowers . this trailer Park be quiet until we see a burst of movement as a man run into cam view . this man be missing both he arm - chop off just moment ago - as he 's bleed and retreate in a mad desperate dash . the armless man run out of cam view . the Park be quiet again until whoosh ! a half dozen men on horseback come thunder through . ( continued ) 25 . continued : they be garment in unusual chrome suit and carry strange gun and glowing sword . one horse pull a mangle corpse on a rope in its wake . mary watch this macabre scene , disturb . she sip she drink , then type something on she remote keyboard - search for a specific web-site - the -resistance.org ( note : the web-site of purge detractor carmelo johns whom we see on tv earlier ) . as she finish type , she hear a 0.s. beeping . she look up at the projection , see : warning you be about to enter the -resistance .org . this web - site be not sanctioned by arcon . would you like to proceed ? yes ? no ? Mary hesitates - then click no . she shut the tv . sit in silence . sipping she martini . CUT to : int . zoey' bedroom - night - same Henry sit on the bed now as cute Zoey pace in front of he . she rant emotionally about she father : zoey - he know how angry I be with he , but he keep badger I . it never stop . henry shhhh , baby - he ’1ll hear you . zoey ( cont would ) no matter how good I do - it 's never enough . Henry stand - embrace Zoey , caress she hair : henry you need to relax , girl - everything 's go to be alright . she 's tear up , so upset . Henry reach in he pocket withdraw a SMALL bottle . he remove the lid - revealing a dozen phosphorescent glowing pill . henry ( cont 'd ) this be the stuff I take at sebastian 's party . it expand my mind . it will make you feel better . ( continued ) 26 . continued : Zoey pause , look down at the pill . not something she normally do . but she want to make Henry happy . zoey I will take two . CUT to : int . basement room - night - same James , wear a plastic full - length smock now , stand with mr . kane ( who 's just pick at that plate of food as if he appetite have abandon he ) . they both appear nervous as they review a stack of document : jame - just to review the term - when I have conclude , you will be bring to City Hall and make a martyr of the 30 province . I will then make the donation to you family . sign here . Mr. kane sign the contract . James also sign . James then withdraw he gun and check it for bullet . jame ( cont 'd ) May I ask how much longer you have , Mr. kane ? mr . kane under two month . the cancer have spread all over . the pain be unbearable . I thank you for this . jame would you like to make a statement for arcon 's Library of Martyrs ? James find a SMALL video recorder -like device . Hit record as : mr . kane I would like to say that I hope the money that come from my death help my family get by but more importantly that I be remember as someone who sacrifice himself to make this country a safe place . ( then ) it be a honor to die tonight . CUT to : 27 . int . mary and jame 's bedroom - night Mary 's still inside , still sit on she bed in silence . she swig she martini , finish it . she eye the empty glass , contemplate get another drink , when : a subtle 0.s. noise get she attention . it 's laughter . a creepy burst of giggling - from outside . Mary tense , there 's something disconcert about it . she gingerly move to the window - looking out the observation slot , see : a hint of movement in the forest behind her backyard fence . a flash of white that disappear . Mary , alert , stare out - not see anything now - when suddenly : ahhhhhh ! a o.s. mindless scream of fear erupt from inside she home . Mary nearly jump out of she skin when the scream be follow by bang ! the concussive SOUND of a o.s. gunshot . Mary know what it be . she freeze . CUT to : int . zoey' room —- night - same Zoey and Henry be on the bed - kissing tenderly . but Zoey , strangely , look very sleepy , she eye heavy . zoey - something 's wrong , baby . I can not keep my eye open . it must be the pill . it must be - - bam ! another gunshot from the basement - a bit mute in this part of the house . as she fade into sleep : zoey ( cont 'd ) - what be that ? henry nothing . just sleep , girl . Rest . everything 's gonna be alright very soon . and there 's something strange about the way Henry say that . but Zoey barely hear he as she close she eye - out cold . Henry watch she , not sleepy at all . CUT to : 28 . int . charlie 's secret lair - same Charlie stand freeze - in the midst of put on a third t-shirt . he have clearly just hear the two gunshot . he wait for another - but it never come . CUT to : int . hallway outside basement room - night - same hold on the basement door - behind which James be with Mr. kane . the door open and jame emerge . he have remove the plastic overcoat . we catch a glimpse of Mr. kane 's limp legs - blood pool around he foot . James lock the door before we see any more . he place the key under the rug . James stand there , not move , face red . James begin to cry , release emotion , very shake by he ' purge 's . after a beat of cry , James take a deep breath - as if he 's try to convince himself that the ' purge 's he just do be a ' good , cleanse act '. after several breath , he assume he confident facade again . he walk up the stair and enter : int . sandin first floor foyer - continuous as James step into the foyer , he immediately sees that : all the window in he foyer be now act as digital monitor ( just as the front window do in the morning ) , displaying that same pleasant woman from earlier : pleasant woman ( on digital window ) thank you for purge , James sandin . arcon will not forget you brave participation in this important tradition . the digital woman repeat the message over and over , and as James continue walk we see that the pleasant woman appear on every window display of he home . James finally stop , turn to one of the window screen and nods - acknowledge the message . the woman vanish - and the window appear just as window once again . James continue onward , down the second floor hall now . he pass the security room , where he see : ( continued ) 29 . continued : mary - in front of the security monitor now . no longer in she bedroom . she turn to James as he enter . they hold a long look . she see the mute pain behind he self - assure expression . she try to comfort he : mary you be a brave man , hun . you have do you duty . you ok ? jame I know how necessary it be - I just remind myself what it be like before arcon and the purge - but it 's still so damn hard . Mary stand , hugging she torment husband - she face sullen , she 's also quietly anguish by James 's purge . she change the subject , point at the monitor : mary you need to see something , James . CUT to : int . hallway - outside charlie 's bedroom - same Charlie 's bedroom door crack open revealing the GREEN weathered rabbit , victor , hopping into the hall . on some kind of secret mission . CUT to : int . den - security room - night James and Mary be stare at the security monitor - specifically the monitor that display a angle of the forest behind there home . mary - I see something . right there . jame I do not see anything . maybe it be the raccoon who 's be digging in we wall . do not worry , Mar - who would bother we ? Mary turn from the monitor , look at James , spot blood on he neck , drip under he clothes . ( continued ) 30 . continued : mary oh , James , that poor man 's blood splash on you . James reach back - feel the blood on he neck . he grimace , shocked and disturb by it - as be Mary . jame damnit . I x11 go wash it off . James exit quickly . Mary follow . we stay behind - look at the monitor . and on the monitor displaying the forest behind the house - we see it again - movement - it’s clearly a person . a person wearing a big silly smiley face mask . this masked person appear briefly , look up at the sandin home , then quickly disappear into the night like a dement wraith . CUT to : int . charlie 's secret lair - same charlie 's in he hideaway - wear layer of clothing and don that strange glass / goggle . he 's navigate Victor the rabbit through he quiet home - through the long pristine empty hall - seeing everything through victor 's eye . and the rabbit 's not slow , it 's move steadfast , to a specific destination . CUT to : int . mary and jame 's bathroom - night - same Water fill the bath . jame , naked , step in . Mary , dress , sit on the tub , wash she husband 's back , wash Mr. kane 's blood away . they sit in silence , as the blood run down James 's body and into the tub 's drain . CUT to : int . charlie 's secret lair - same Charlie , wear he glass / goggle , continue to pilot Victor , while watch the monitor inside the glass which display : ( continued ) 31 . continued : the rabbit 's Pov as it approach and stop at the close basement door - behind which be mr. kane . charlie continue stare at the monitor ( inside that glass ) when he spot blood drip under the basement door from within . charlie eye the blood for a very long beat . CUT to : int . sandin basement - same where the rabbit sit unmove behind the basement door . the blood that run under the door stain Victor 's fur . we hear footstep o.s. as charlie suddenly appear at the base of the stair behind Victor , out of breath . he run up beside he rabbit - join it behind that door . he stare down at the red puddle pool on the floor . Charlie clearly have to see the blood in person . Charlie lift the floor mat - find the key . he pause , terrify . he finally muster up the gumption to : unlock and OPEN that door . Charlie pause - stare into the room - at the 0.s. dead Mr. kane . we do not see what Charlie see . but we see the color drain from he soft face . Charlie finally close the door . he stand there next to he rabbit , horrify by what he 's see . Young Charlie be unable to move . CUT to : int . zoey 's bedroom - night Zoey lie peacefully asleep on the bed , in she drug - induce slumber . nearby we find henry - wide awake and stare at zoey' wall of trophies and plaque . Henry pull himself away from the wall , reach into the closet and extract a sport bag . he unzip it and withdraw a gun . CUT to : 32. int . sandin mansion - hallway - night Charlie be walk through the home now , devastate from view mr . kanea corpse . his rabbit be not with he . he continue on , when he hear a o.s. protract SOUND . he take note . walk onward - through the barricade home - when he hear that SOUND again . it 's a scream . a man 's scream . from outside . Charlie walk to a window - peer out the observation slot . charlie 's Pov of the STREET : Charlie peer around the neighborhood , when he spot : a distant figure - running toward the cul-de - sac . the distant figure be stumbling and yelling in fear / pain . Charlie stare at this running figure . as ' it 's draw closer , we can see that it be a tall man - with streak of fresh blood striating he entire body . he 's run forward but look back . he 's clearly be hunted . Charlie look down the street - doesn ’t see the pursuer . hold on charlie 's face for a long beat - twisted in concern and empathy as he watch this desperate , bloody man stumbling down the cul -de - sac . suddenly : Charlie spin and sprint across he home . we follow he down a hall . up a flight of stair . through the kitchen . down another hall . and into the den / security room . he peer at the security monitor - see that bloody man still struggle down the street . Charlie do not hesitate - wham ! he hit the red security barricade button on the wall . CUT to : int . bathroom - night - same James be out of the tub - clean now . Mary be help he into a robe . they move about in pensive silence , when a sudden rumble of SOUND rise - it 's the security barricade open on the bathroom window behind they . jame what the hell ? CUT to : 33. int . sandin mansion front foyer - night - same a rush of movement as charlie run back down the stair - to the first floor . he screech to a halt by the front door . he unlocks the door - whip it OPEN - security gate in front of it almost OPEN and exposing the outside . Charlie see the bloody running stranger - 20 yard away . up close , the man be tall , with tatter blood - soak clothes . beard dirty , hair matte - like a homeless man . he 's between 30 - 35 - he tear shirt reveal a hideously scarree body - include one scar that jack - knife across he face , end at he right eye - which be just a dark hole where he eye use to reside . he be also miss part of he scalp - hair and skin cut from he head , expose bloody subcutaneous tissue . unlike he other scar , this scalp wound be fresh . there 's also a long rusty serrate knife stick out of the Stranger 's pocket conspicuously . Charlie , undaunted by the man 's grisly appearance , yell : charlie hey - hey - come here ! bloody stranger spot charlie - a beacon . he pivot toward the sandin home . climb the iron gate that surround the property . Charlie look - but still can not see the man 's attacker . CUT to : int . den - security room - night - same as James ( dress now ) enter in a burst . he slam he hand against the red security button and suddenly whirr - the SOUND of the steel bulwark close rise again . CUT to : int . sandin mansion - front entrance - night - same Charlie stand under the threshold of the front door . the bloody Stranger just ten feet away now . the security door between they be now close . in two more second the bloody stranger will not be able to enter . charlie come on ! ( continued ) 34 . continued : Security door close . almost close . just a foot leave . the Stranger reach the door - Charlie grab he hand and pull he through the ever-close slot and into the home just as the security barricade shut behind he . the Stranger 's inside . the house be lock - down again . the Stranger , out of breath , stare down at little Charlie with he one eye - a eye dance with surprise and a ever- present fierce intensity , when : jame ( 0.s. ) what the hell be go on ? Charlie and bloody Stranger turn to see jame and mary running down the circular staircase , into the large front entrance foyer , spotting bloody Stranger stand prominently , next to Charlie . they face fall in shock as they scrutinize this sinister - look man - he one eye - he throng of scar - he raw scalp wound - the blood that veil he body and the large knife in he pocket . bloody Stranger eye James - and James 's gun - wedge in James 's front pant 's pocket . tension and fear immediately rise in the air like a dense cloud . mary Charlie - come over here . Charlie do not move . jame what do you do , Charlie ? do you know this man ? charlie no . he need help . James stare at Charlie , flabbergasted . the gruesome Stranger be stand very still - breathe hard - stare at everyone with that uncompromising intensity . jame you know the rule , Charlie - never open the security door . charlie he would have die . jame that 's not we business , Charlie . ( continued ) 35 . continued : ( 2 ) mary be you be hunt , sir ? the Stranger just stare at Mary - he heavy panting breath betray he otherwise intransigent silence . jame that 's not we business either . ( then , to stranger ) Sir , my son make a child 's mistake . you can not stay here . charlie why ? he 's hurt . jame but we do not know how he get hurt . maybe he be not be hunt - maybe he 's do the hunt . charlie he be run from someone . I see he . he need help . he - jame - Charlie , shut up now , son . James admonish Charlie with a look , then turn back to the Stranger who hold James 's eye . tension building rapidly . Mary break the moment - consider the Stranger 's tatter clothes , long beard and dirty hair . mary be you homeless , sir ? jame stop ask he question , Mar . mary i’1l ask whatever I want , James . - be you homeless , sir ? the Stranger keep stare - yield no word - yet . jame ( to Stranger ) you must leave now , sir . charlie he 'il die out there ! jame go to you room , charlie . now ! then : ( continued ) 36 . continued : ( 3 ) charlie no . James glaring at he son - Charlie stare back defiantly . the bloody Stranger surveilling the sandins and all the nearby hallway as : jame ok , enough . Sir , I be sorry if you be be hunt but that 's what happen tonight . I be just try to protect my family . Mary , open the damn door . the Stranger look at Mary - he then speak for the first time - a low , raspy grunt : bloody stranger do not open the door . ( look back at James ) I be not go back out there . that hang there ominously - send a chill up Mary 's and James 's respective spine . they share a terrify look , when suddenly - a new o0.s. voice , come from upstair , enter the mix : henry ( 0.s. ) Mr. sandin . henry' voice break the moment . everyone 's baffle . no one more than James - but he do not take he eye off the Stranger . jame what ? be that Henry ? why - charlie ( be : the Stranger ) - just lock he in the basement , dad , let he stay . jame Charlie , please ! ( then ) why be Henry here , Mary ? mary I do not fuck know ! interrupting again : henry ( 0.s . ) - Mr sandin , we need to talk . ( continued ) 37 . continued : ( 4 ) jame Henry , this be not the time ! James and the Stranger be still lock on each other but Henry 's o.s. voice have James very distract now . Mary step back - toward the circular staircase behind they . and there , at the top of the stair , she see : henry . stand very very still . mary I do not understand - where be my daughter , Henry ? why be you here ? henry Zoey 's in she room . she 's fine . I be here to talk with Mr. sandin . henry begins descending the stair . mary henry ! do not come down here ! Henry just glare at Mary with intense eye . he continue to creep slowly down the circular stair . James be still stare at the Stranger - who be now almost imperceptibly moving toward charlie - to grab the boy as a hostage , perhaps . James be lose he cool : jame sir - do not move ! Henry , go back upstairs ! Jesus ! henry I can not allow you to treat Zoey the way you do , Mr. sandin . charlie ( be : the Stranger ) dad , you have to let he stay ! the Stranger and James be still lock on each other - and the Stranger 's still slowly step toward Charlie . jame stop fucking moving ! henry you be ruin she life , Mr. sandin . do not worry - you will be make a martyr . ( then ) I be exercise my right to purge . ( continued ) 38 . continued : ( 5 ) suddenly , Henry pull he gun from he waistband . jame -— who 's eye be still on bloody stranger do not see this - but Mary do . time slow to a nightmarish crawl as : mary oh my GOD ! jame ! jame ! CUT to : int . zoey 's bedroom - same as a sleep Zoey be woken up by she mother' scream : mary ( 0.s. ) jame ! look ! look ! CUT back to : int . sandin front hall - same as Mary continue to scream : mary ( cont 'd ) henry's got a gun ! a gun ! everything suddenly happen fast - jame spin , turn he back on the Stranger for the first time . he see : henry - stair - raise that gun . Mary be still scream when Henry pull the trigger and fire . James drop - drawing he own gun - he instinctively fire back at henry - who 's still shoot at jame . both Men fire awkwardly , unpractice badly - aim shoot as Henry and James exchange shot . both miss . as they be fire at each other , zoey appear at the top of the stair behind Henry . she 's shocked out of she stupor when she see what 's happen . she scream ! then , bam ! one of James 's shot hit henry - he stumble backwards - bleeding , nearly fall into the scream Zoey . she grab henry , pulling he up - they stumble back down the hall , disappearing . at the same time : jame be flailing on the foyer floor - scared , confuse . mary move frantically to she husband - yelling : mary ( cont 'd ) be you hit - be you shot ? all James can say be : ( continued ) 39 . continued : jame what the fuck just happened ? int . zoey 's bedroom - night - same wham ! as Zoey and Henry come crash into she bedroom . they both drop to the floor . jzoey 's hysterical . Henry 's spitting up blood , try to talk : henry I love you ... I want to make you happy ... I want we to be free ... Zoey scream - a wail from the depth of she soul . back to : int . sandin mansion - front entrance - night - same Mary be still frantically check James for wound . James be breathe heavy , scared , devastate , freak : mary you be not hit . you be ok . jame I shot back . I could not help it ! tell I I didn ’t hit zoey ! mary I see she run off . I think she 's ok . but I do not know ! I do not know about either one of they ! Mary 's word hang there with pure fear . James do not respond . husband and wife suddenly grow quiet as what just happen settles in - they be both beyond word . Mary begin tremble - James be breathe heavy . then : charlie ( 0.s. ) Mom . that snap the sandin parent out of they mutual fugue - both turn toward charlie 's voice - find the boy in the corner of the foyer - behind furniture : mary Charlie . come here . be you ok ? Charlie run to he mom . she embrace he . tight . charlie what just happen , Mom ? what be Henry do ? ( continued ) 40 . continued : Mary just shake she head - unable to answer that . James be suddenly on he foot - pace , babbling between heavy , panting breath : jame - Jesus Christ ! this can not be happen ! what be Henry thin - James stop , notice something that break he meltdown : jame ( cont 'd ) - where be he ? where the hell be that man , Charlie ? beat . charlie I do not know . Mary and James 's face fall with alarm . Mary 's look around - there 's no sign of the bloody Stranger anywhere . jame fuck , Charlie ! who know what this man 's capable of ! he could be anywhere ! what be - mary - enough ! that 's not help . ( then ) we can not stay out here , James . it 's not safe . they all hold a look of dismay and fear . too much happen at once . James take a breath , try to gain some semblance of rationale amidst the hysteria : jame you be right . we need to move . ext . sandin mansion - night - same the sandin home seem very quiet from the outside . the surround cul - de-sac be calm , dark . but the sky above be alight with sky - board - one board be larger than the other and scrolling like a news - ticker : early satellite estimate : most purge participant - dallas and tampa ! which CITY will reap rich reward from arcon ? it's very close ! keep purging ! the sky-board continue scrolling when something else grab we attention : ( continued ) 41 . continued : movement on the cul -de - sac . it 's several men - running onto the circular street . but we do not see they clearly as they be move in a predatory fashion - fast , quiet , and hiding in shadow . and as they creep further into the cul - de-sac , we quickly realize something - - this shadowy figure be all moving right toward the sandin mansion . and they be beginning to surround it . int . sandin play room - night - moment later wham ! the door swing OPEN and jame , mary and charlie enter a room replete with a pool table , pinball machine , and ping pong table . ( note : they be completely unaware of what 's happen outside ) . James shut the door as Charlie move away from he devastate parent - just watch they come undone . Mary sink into a chair - traumatize , still tremble . mary my God , my God , my God - behind she , James be still panting and pace back and forth - when he suddenly stop and withdraw he gun . jame ok . here 's what we be gonna do . you two stay put . i’11 go find Zoey and bring she back here . Mary look at James as if he 's lose he head : mary henry just tried to fucking kill you , jame ! you can ’t go out there ! he might try again ! jame I don ’t care ! I need to see if zoey 's ok and get her away from that homeless man ! James begin move to the door with purpose and haste when Mary stand and step in front of she husband : mary hold on , for godsake ! Henry do not shoot at I . so I will go . ( continued ) 42 . continued : James take that in - know he wife 's right . jame I do not want you out there alone with that man . mary we have no choice , James . now gimme you gun , and the key to the weapon 's cabinet . i’11 take all the weapon so he can not get they , just in case . James reluctantly hand Mary he gun and a set of key . jame you sure you can do this ? Mary shake she head - she do not know . husband and wife share one last desperate look . Mary then move off , leave James and Charlie behind . int . sandin mansion - front hall - continuous - night as Mary exit the play room - pull the door shut . she pause - overwhelm . the house be quiet around she , until bam ! bam ! loud running footfalls on the second floor . someone ( Zoey , Henry , the Stranger ) moving fast . the SOUND nearly make Mary jump out of she skin . Mary take out the gun . it 's awkward in she hand . she move up the stair - timidly . the tranquil domesticity of she bright home break by streak of blood lining the floor , presumably Henry 's blood , or blood from the Stranger . she continue down the hall to : the security room check the monitor . quiet outside . she open the weapon 's cabinet . grab all the gun - place they in a pink satin pillowcase and move back into the : hall and travel to zoey 's bedroom - blood saturate the rug here . Zoey 's door cracked - not locked . mary Zoey - Zoey - it 's I . no answer . Mary push open the door and see henry . a bloody mess . no sign of zoey . Mary check Henry 's pulse . he 's go . tear flow as she eye the dead young man . ( continued ) 43 . continued : she look around the room , down the hall . Zoey could be anywhere - so could the Stranger . she do not know what to do - she eye fall on the photo of zoey - the perfect american Teen . she doesn ’t see : a hint of movement all the way at the end of the hall . 15 yard away . it 's the bloody stranger . he stop - spot Mary - she back to he - gun dangle at she side . the scalp Stranger now clutches he long knife . Mary continue to stand in a fugue state of despair , not know what to do . she do not see the Stranger slowly moving forward - come right toward her now - blood drip off he tear - up head and onto she carpet . Mary 's just stand there , terrify , contemplate she next move - unaware - as the Stranger draw closer , closer , closer , when : ring ! the phone . Mary jump , terrify . she spin , look for the phone . the Stranger quickly side - step into a adjoining hall - disappearing just before Mary see he . she find the phone , pick it up , and hear : zoey ( o.s. , over phone ) he's dead , mom ! henry' dead ! mary Zoey - be you hurt - be you ok ? intercut mary with : zoey - we can't tell where she be . she 's crouch in a ball - rock back and forth - face and Catholic School girl uniform suffuse with Henry 's blood . she look like hell - blood-drenched , emotionally devastate . she have a gun ( Henry 's gun ) in one hand - she cell in the other . she can barely speak between heaving sob : zoey I have he blood all over I ! Zoey 's intense sorrow bring immediate tear to Mary . mary I be so sorry , baby . then : zoey daddy kill he . mary it 's not you father 's fault , Zoey . Henry try to kill he . ( continued ) 44 . continued : ( 2 ) zoey Henry be just try to make I happy ! because he love I ! if daddy do not make I so miserable , Henry would not have do this and he would still be alive ! mary Zoey , please , calm down - you gotta listen - there 's a man in the house - tell I where you be . zoey no ! stay away from I ! 1/11 kill myself if anyone come near I ! I have nothing to live for anymore - daddy take it all away ! her weep reach a crescendo - the young girl 's have a emotional breakdown . mary you father love you , Zoey . he never mean to hurt you . now please , there 's a man , you need -— zoey - he do not love I ! I be just a thing - like this big house ! something to brag about . mary oh Zoey , please listen , baby - Mary then hear Zoey quietly babbling to herself : zoey - he be right . Henry be right . mary what ? what do you say , Zoey ? zoey ( explosion ) I wish daddy be fucking dead , mom ! I wish he be dead ! something about the way Zoey say that send a chill up Mary 's spine . this harsh word linger - like a threat . mary do not say that , Zoey - you be very upset - you do not mean that . please , baby , tell I where - ( continued ) 45 . continued : ( 3 ) click . the line go dead . Zoey be go . mary ( cont 'd ) Zoey - Zoey - silence . Dead phone . Mary quickly dial - get Zoey 's message . phone off now . Mary 's panic , try to figure out what to do next when she hear : a terrifying cacophony of ferocious growls and bark . Mary move to the window - look through the observation slot , see two neighborhood dog fight over a severe bloody human head on the lawn of the home into which the guillotine be bring earlier . Mary stare at the bloody head , horrify , and suddenly arrgggghhh ! she vomit ! and as she release all over she daughter 's rug , she doesn't see : the movement outside her home . it 's that shadowy men we see run onto the cul - de-sac and surround the sandin mansion . they be still hard to see , still lurking in darkness . but one of they be stand under a pool of streetlight , revealing himself to be : a young man dress as a american indian warrior , incongruously don a casper the friendly ghost mask . he 's drench in blood and hold a freshly - slice human scalp . Mary do not notice he - she do not see he eyeball she home intensely . Mary turn away from the window , move to the door of zoey 's room . she look down the hall - long , wind . the house be huge . she hear bam ! a distant noise in the house . she jump . startle , freak . it could be Zoey - or the Stranger . she then sees a distant shadow on the staircase all the way across the home - there and then gone in a flash . she then hear someone running above her in the attic . then another round of that vicious bark from outside . sensory overload of pure fear . Mary 's head be spin - face twisted in near panic . she 's tremble - lung rise and fall like a bellow - she eye darting about - this housewife be lose she cool completely . CUT to : int . play room - night James pace back and forth , mind racing , still in shock . ( continued ) 46 . continued : Charlie 's just watch he father , when the door swing open - father and son both tense up as mary enter in a burst , carry that pillowcase full of gun . she 's breathe hard , face flushed , eye red . jame - be you ok ? where 's Zoey ? still get she breath back - barely able to speak : mary I speak to she . on she cell . I do not think she 's hurt . but - Mary pause . mary ( cont 'd ) - Henry 's dead . jame oh my god . no . they hold a sober look . Mary 's still freaking - fear eat she alive . James suddenly move to the door : jame ( cont 'd ) I need to go get Zoey . Mary quickly step in front of he - stop he : mary James - stop . no . you can not go look for she . jame why ? mary we can not provoke she right now - she 's out of control - she threaten to kill herself and - she stop . there 's something she do not want to say . jame what be it ? mary she say she wish you be dead . it be almost like a threat . stillpoint . James physically retract as if punch in the face by that statement . he stand absolutely shell - shocked . all he manage to say be : ( continued ) 47 . continued : ( 2 ) jame a ' threat 's . from my daughter . mary I do not know , James . we just need to give she time to calm down . James can not move - he 's agape - still processing what Mary 's tell he - shaking he head in stunne , devastate disbelief . after a beat , he take a breath - try hard to stay cool in the wake of what he just hear : jame ok . we will let she calm down . ( then ) but what about the homeless man ? mary I know , James - I do not know what the hell to do anymore ! as the desperate , terrify sandin Parents try to figure out they next move , Charlie have notice something - a subtle , muffle SOUND rising 0.s. - barely perceptible . charlie do you guy hear that ? but James and Mary be not pay attention : mary ( be : the Stranger ) maybe he just want to hide . again : charlie do you guy hear that noise ? Mom and dad be still not listen : jame ( respond to Mary ) maybe he do not . jzoey 's out there with he . and then , out of nowhere , charlie scream at the top of he lung : charlie ahhhhhhhhhh ! that immediately shut James and Mary up . they be finally pay attention to he now : ( continued ) 48 . continued : ( 3 ) charlie ( cont 'd ) stop talk . do you hear that ? mary hear what , Charlie ? I do not - and then , as if on cue , the 0.s. SOUND rise again - it 's clear this time - a distant young man 's polite voice - talking through a bullhorn - in the near distance : distant polite bullhorn voice ( 0.s. ) hello . hello . be anybody out there ? be anybody home ? charlie that . do you hear that ? Mary and James hear it too now . before they could react : distant polite bullhorn voice ( 0.s. ) Mr. and Mrs. sandin - I sure hope you can hear I because this concern you and yours . something about hearing they name send a chill up everyone 's spine . James stop pace : jame it 's come from the front . they quickly move to the window in front of the room . all look through the observation slot into the front yard and the STREET beyond . and as soon as they look out - they all jump , startled by whatever they be seeing : mary oh my God . they be collectively agape . they all look out again and this time we see what 's got they so spooked : mary 's , jame 's and charlie 's Pov through observation slot of : 8 young men - no one older than 25 - in front of and surround the sandin home ( include the scalp-hold , casper the ghost - masked Apache indian we see just moment ago ) . this be the shadowy figure that run onto the cul - de - sac earlier . but they be no longer hide in the dark . ( continued ) 49 . continued : ( 4 ) they be now out in the open and unpack a arsenal of weapon - machine gun , futuristic rifle , knive , axe etc . they be swigging liquor - popping pill - snorting coke - get ready for some kind of drug-fuele battle . and they be all freakishly dressed . Halloween go mad. one young man wear a revolutionary soldier 's uniform and bozo mask . he 's waving a american flag that 's streak with blood . another young man be dressed as the pope - with large fake rubber breast drape over he robe with blood drip from the nipple . another man be wearing nothing but diaper and a werewolf mask . he be hold a shotgun and a morning - STAR - a ancient weapon - a steel ball on a chain with spike . the man hold the bullhorn - the leader - be lean on the sandin mailbox ( sandins stencile across it ) . he 's dress as a young girl with a blonde wig and a short dress . he 's also wear a pig 's nose and hold a bloody axe as he address the sandin Home with exaggerated elocution and politeness : polite leader with bullhorn - ok , I guess I will deliver my message to the absentee family . my mate and I be all gussie up in we most terrifying guise of death and doom but with no one to violate and annihilate because we target escape we and you 've inexplicably give he sanctuary . oh , mister and miss , he 's a bad egg , if you only know what he do to we , you have give he right back so we could destroy he and purge we demon . but you be deny we . and that , my good people , be one serious faux pas . ( beat ) so here 's the plan , sandins - you will return him to we - alive - or you will be punish . you have until we provision arrive - provision which will help we break into you home - to do so . if you do not deliver he by the aforementioned time , we will purge we negative emotion by release the beast on him - and you . and we can enter any home we want and we will want as want be we will on this fine night . ( more ) ( continued ) 50 . continued : ( 5 ) polite leader with bullhorn please do not force we to hurt you as you beautiful home tell we that you be good folk - one of we - and we do not want to kill we own . please let we wee little boy purge - it be we right and right we be . too-da-loo , sandins ! beat . Mary , Charlie and James stand freeze . the bacchanalian barbarity of the polite leader and he merry band of freak sweep through they like cold - water shock . mary no . then - add to they panic : the light go out . they be thrust into eerie darkness . a mere sliver of exterior moonlight find entry through the observation slot grant they minimal vision . James move to the door - peer out into the hall - see the light be off in the rest of the home also . everything 's happen fast now - fear rise rapidly : charlie why do the light go out ? jame it 's he . mary who ? that lunatic outside . how ? jame no. the homeless man . he kill the light because he do not want to be find . he do not want to go back out there . ( beat ) understandably . mary can they really get through we security , James ? jame I do not know . it 's hard to say . mary ' hard to say 's . for godsake , you sell this equipment , James ! ( continued ) continued : silence . 51 . ( 6 ) jame ( lose it ) I don ’t know ! it 's more of a deterrent - it look good so it keep people away ! goddamn it , thing like this be not suppose to happen in this neighborhood ! mary but they be happening ! they 're happening right now ! just they heavy breath in the dark . then : jame we have to give they what they want . we find the homeless man and force he outside . we have gun - he do not . we can do this . it 's the only way . Charlie react - shocked by that : charlie but they 's 11 kill he ! jame Christ , Charlie , it 's either he or we , son . charlie but he do not do anything to we . why should he die ? jame because I do not want to . and I do not want you , you mother , or you sister to . James look to Mary for support . Mary take a beat - then reluctantly nod , agree . Charlie 's face fall , devastate , as : mary what about Zoey ? I do not know what she will do if she see you right now , James . but I can not find this man alone . no fuck way . jame of course not . we do this together . let 's pray Zoey have calm down . ( dramatically ) ( more ) ( continued ) 52 . continued : ( 7 ) jame ( cont 'd ) we do not have a choice , guy . if we do not find this man , we be not gonna make it through the night . that hang there . off they terrify face - CUT to black . until a flashlight beam cut a swath in the dark . int . sandin home - same mary - hold that flashlight - move slowly down a dark hall , absolutely terrify . she have she gun up and out . she be clearly look for the Stranger . the big search , through she once peaceful home , be underway . she come upon a door . slowly open it , wary , shine she light within - illuminate : a dead body - at first we do not know who it be - then we realize its mr . kane . he face blue , swollen . one gunshot in he head , one in he chest . Mary stare , unnerve . she close the door . CUT to : int . sandin home - night - same Dark , and dreadfully silent here also . another flashlight fracture the black . we find : jame - move down a different hall - careful footfalls on wood floor - he , too , be search for the Stranger . suddenly , a 0o.s. voice penetrate the eerie silence : polite leader ( 0.s. , through bullhorn ) in one corner - the sweet suburban sandins - James move to a nearby window look out the observation slot and sees : the polite leader and he band of heavily armed freak sit on he front lawn now - snort coke , pissing , laugh like hyenas , and stare up at he home as if they be watch a sport event . the leader be speak through he bullhorn like a sport 's commentator : ( continued ) 53 . continued : polite leader ( cont ’d ) they opponent - the dirty homeless fuck . a steel cage blood battle for the age . can the sandins save themselves ? or will they become martyr ? the clock be tick ! let the game begin ! the freak raise there weapon in the AIR and begin shoot wildly into the night . James watch they , agape . CUT to : int . play room - night - same a single shaft of light illuminate young charlie 's terrified face - which seem to be hover in darkness . Charlie sit alone , hold a gun in he lap and a flashlight up to he own face . he have obviously be tell to stay put . he have also switch he watch to medical monitor -mode as we hear the rhythmic beep beep beep of he pulse - fill the silence like a metronome in the dark . suddenly , Charlie hear a unnerve creak - right outside the room - he tense , shine the light and sees the door handle / knob slowly turning . someone be try to come inside . the rhythmic beeping quicken - he heart rate rise - 85,86,87 . knob still turn . heart monitor beeping . Charlie hit a button , turn he watch to clock mode - silencing the beeps - afraid it 's give away he position . quiet now as the door knob keep turning , then , bam ! a o.s. noise follow by footstep . be the person go ? we hold on charlie 's face when he expression tighten - a idea . he reach in he pocket - find the remote control for he rabbit and hi - tech glass . int . sandin mansion - night - same mary ascend a back staircase now - move to the second floor . the house be disturbingly quiet . she turn down the hall and enter she : bedroom . as Mary 's flashlight sweep the room , she do not see : ( continued ) 54 . continued : zoey . stand yard behind she in the hall outside this bedroom . the Young girl 's cover in blood , stare at she mother , tear stain face numb . her emotional destruction have leave she look strange , almost Zombie - like . she walk off , disappear in the darkness . CUT to : int . sandin hallway - night - same as James creep along - search every nook and cranny of he home for the Stranger . he turn into the dine room , flashlight combing the area . suddenly , there 's a : a burst of wild movement in the rear of the dine room . it 's the stranger - haul ass through the back entrance of this room as James 's light cross he scar frame . James , startle at first , kick into a run - give chase . his flashlight bouncing up and down - catch fleeting glimpsis of the retreate stranger . the Stranger thunder up a nearby staircase . James raise he gun and pop ! pop ! awkwardly fire two shot ! both miss the Stranger . James hear the polite leader 's 0.s. commentary : politre leader ( 0.s. , through bullhorn ) have someone draw first blood ? careful with that bullet , sweet sandins - remember - deliver he alive or you will be penalize ! James keep run - ignore the leader - up the stair ! but he trip - drop he gun and flashlight . he retrieve they quickly - then reach the second floor - look all around - no sign of the stranger anywhere . he 's get away . int . play room — same charlie now sit with he glass on and remote in hand - look at everything through victor 's eye - which be equip with red - tinted night vision . we see : victor' roving rabbit Pov of room - door - long , winding empty hall ( some dot with blood ) and finally : a door open . someone emerging - it 's the scalped stranger , knife in hand . ( continued ) 55 . continued : he 's breathe hard , sweat profusely , have just run from James . he 's struggle to see in the velvety dark , creep like a bloody , hunt demon . Charlie move victor forward with the remote - following the Stranger now - who 's unaware he 's be shadow . the Stranger move into the live room - find refuge behind furniture , eyeing the nearby hall . but the Stranger do not see : the rabbit - quietly stop just yard away from he . charlie - play room stare at the bloody Stranger on the mini - screen . the Stranger unaware . int . kitchen - night Mary move in - flashlight sweeping - find nothing . she turn to exit , when she hear something outside . she peer through the window 's observation slot , spot two armed freak in she backyard - on guard . she then see something else that grab she attention : movement behind she backyard fence again . ten yard behind the freak . in the forest - right where she see movement earlier . this time she see what it be : two other people - both wearing smiley face mask ( just like the person we see earlier on the security monitor ) stand in the forest behind her yard . this smiley masked people be looking right at mary . the armed freak be unaware of they . the masked people wave hello to Mary and then run off . Mary watch they go , confuse , even more terrify . she turn from the window , eye landing on a large steak knife lie on the kitchen counter . Mary can not help herself - she grab it before exite . CUT to : int . live room - night victor the rabbit still sit a yard away from the bloody Stranger - who 's still hide in the corner - unaware . 56 . int . playroom - night - same Charlie 's stare at the stranger - on the mini screen . he 's clearly up to something . the Boy press a button on the remote and : the rabbit 's eye illuminate - flash red - announce its presence to the Stranger for some reason . the Stranger , alert , raise he knife and crawl toward the rabbit now . charlie hold steady - the man 's taut scar face loom large inside Charlie 's glass 's mini screen . the Stranger stare hard at the rabbit - see it up close . after a beat , the Stranger dismiss the toy , and start move away when the rabbit 's eye flash again . the stranger pause . something about the rabbit and its clear attempt at communication have he curiosity pique . the Stranger wait for more as Charlie work the remote , move Victor forward now . the Stranger remain behind , just watch the rabbit , consider it . the rabbit pause - look back at the Stranger - flash its eye one more time . a signal - ' follow I '. the rabbit then hop forward . after a beat , the scalp man take the cue - he begin following the green rabbit . int . sandin mansion home gym - night as James search for the Stranger in the gym , he hear : polite leader ( 0.s. , through bullhorn ) - mister and miss , take a gander outside if you will . as time be run out on you life , we would like to give you some motivation . James move to the window - peer out the observation slot but he vision be blocked by : a demented face right on the other side of the slot - looking right at he ! it 's one of the freak - the surreal bloody pope - scream and laughing manically : freakish pope did you find he ! I want to play with he blood ! ( continued ) 57 . continued : suddenly , a hand clutching a knife reach around the laughing pope 's neck - slicing he throat wide OPEN — blood spray across the observation slot . James stand shocked as the pope drop and the polite leader 's face appear : polite leader ( be : the Pope ) I never like he . ( then ) now , back to the issue at hand . motivation . send out he - or this will be thee , Sir sandin . the polite leader move away from the observation slot , granting James vision again . he see : three people in tatter clothing - clearly homeless people - hanging from STREET - light pole - dead - hung the old - fashioned way - with noose around they neck . James eye the dead trio , then hear a soft haunt childish song : polite leader ( 0.s. singing ) ( cont 'd ) tickety tock . tickety tock . you be time be almost up . James just stare out - he terror intensify . int . sandin hallway - night whump ! whump ! whump ! as the rabbit hop down the dark hall . every few second the rabbit look back at : the stranger - who 's follow the rabbit now . he seem shocked that he 's do it - but he 's not stop . the rabbit flash its red eye in the darkness - a beacon for the Stranger to follow . same time : charlie - play room steering the rabbit and take the Stranger in a specific direction . together , this incongruous duo move through hall , room , stair , finally come upon : charliex bedroom . the rabbit enter and move into : the closet - through hang clothes . the Stranger follow the rabbit inside , find : ( continued ) 58 . continued : charlie 's secret lair the Stranger quickly surmise what this place be ; the boy 's hideaway . the Stranger get it - understanding what Charlie have do . the Stranger look at the rabbit - wink he one eye - ' thanks 's . charlie - playroom see the Stranger ' winking 's at he on the mini - screen . the rabbit flash its eye one last time , before exite the closet , leave the Stranger alone , hide . the rabbit take post in Charlie 's room - stand guard . charlie - playroom take a breath , relieved , happy the Stranger 's tuck away and safe - he mission accomplish . CUT to : int . sandin mansion - night whoosh ! a burst of movement in the dark - it 's jame - move fast now - very motivate after see the ' hang homeless 's . he 's open closet , check under bed , look for the Stranger everywhere . back to : int . play room - night Charlie sit center room , with he glass on , still look at the world through Victor the rabbit 's eye . charlie 's Pov - of mini - screen - through victor 's eye : of he own room . the rabbit be still stand guard . all be quiet until wham ! a face suddenly pop up in charlie 's mini - screen - so close and drenched in blood ! charlie jump ! someone be a inch away from victor and staring right in the rabbit 's eye - right at charlie ! terrify , Charlie get he bearing , see that it 's : zoey - stare at Victor - she gaze distant , foggy , destroy , lose . she 's hold Henry 's gun and babbling : zoey ( on mini - screen ) hey , baby brother . you be too young for all this . you should not be look around . ( continued ) 59 . continued : Zoey find a nearby t-shirt and wrap it around the rabbit 's head - covering its eye . int . play room — same Charlie 's look through the glass - at the mini - screen but he vision be now obscure by the shirt wrap around Victor 's eye . but he still hear : zoey ( 0.s. ) I be so scared . daddy ruin everything and I do not know what to do anymore . I do not want to be alone . where be you , Charlie ? Zoey ' 's voice fade . she 's move away . Charlie 's shaking he head - confuse - all he hear be movement - be it Zoey look for he ? suddenly , ahhhhh ! Charlie hear a curtailed scream - follow by sound of struggle . Charlie rip off he glass , teary - eye with fear . int . sandin mansion - hallway - night - same James be frantically search for the Stranger when he hear a o.s. noise - down the hall . muffled scream - sound of struggle - the same sound Charlie just hear . James journey toward the sound - which bring he to : int . charlie 's room - continuous as James enter - finger on the trigger - flashlight cover the room , and to James 's utter surprise it unexpectedly illuminate : the bloody stranger - in front of the closet now . James freeze , startle , excited that he 's find the Stranger - he target he with he gun , when the Stranger speak - for only the second time - he raspy whisper : bloody stranger do not . and that 's when James see that the Stranger be pointing a gun to the head of : zoey bloody Stranger 's holding zoey tight , pressing a gun ( Henry 's gun ) against her skull . the Stranger have wrap a cloth around Zoey 's mouth - her cry stifle under this gag . to James : ( continued ) 60 . continued : bloody stranger ( cont ’d ) get back . into the hall . jame please do not hurt she . James back up , out of Charlie 's room - into the : second floor long hallway James 's gun and flashlight still up . Zoey 's cry - gun to she head as the Stranger step out of Charlie 's room - into the hallway - hold Zoey close - a hostage - a shield . he enter the long hall - 5 yard from James . James 's flashlight beam be catch the fear on zoey 's face - the beastly intensity on bloody stranger 's face . jame ( cont 'd ) let she go , you sonofabitch ! bloody stranger lower you gun . int . playroom - same Charlie be sit terrify in the darkness - the distant o.s. yell of he father reach he . int . hallway - same as the standoff between James and the Stranger continue : bloody stranger I ’‘1l let she go when this night be over . jame you be go to get we kill ! bloody stranger lower you gun . James do not know what to do . and that 's when he flashlight illuminate : someone 5 yard behind the stranger - at the end of the long hall . it be : mary . she 's move stealth - slow , she gun up . the Stranger be unaware of she presence . she stop and try to take AIM with her weapon . to end this . ( continued ) 61 . continued : but her hand be trembling . eye pin on the back of the stranger and her daughter in he grasp . she try to steady the weapon , but she 's unable to - hand quivering , afraid she will shoot she daughter , afraid to fire the weapon , afraid to hurt the Stranger . she lower the gun . extract the knife from she pocket . James spy Mary 's move - he keep up the diversion : jame please leave my family alone . bloody stranger lower you weapon or I will hurt she - and you . James 's light catch Mary again - closer now - yard behind the Stranger . she 's shaking , terrify . same : int . play room - same Charlie sit freeze in the darkness - the 0.s. shout between James and the Stranger be rising . the young boy can not take it any longer - he suddenly stand and run for the door . int . hallway - same James and the Stranger still negotiate - Zoey 's moan rise under that makeshift muzzle . jame we have do nothing to you . we do not deserve this . bloody stranger I do not deserve it either . it 's not a honor to die tonight . Mary 's right upon the Stranger now - pull the knife back with unsteady hand , sweat profusely , ready to strike , but hesitate - unable to make a move . her conflict obvious . James 's eye widen with anticipation and frustration and that 's when he flashlight illuminate : a burst of movement behind mary . it 's charlie - running into the hall behind he mother . ( continued ) 62 . continued : he step thunder loud on the wood floor - cause : bloody stranger to turn - hearing charliex approach ! stranger spot mary right behind he - illuminate in the James 's flashlight beam . all hell break loose as the stranger instinctively lunge for mary - shouldering zoey to the ground . boom ! zoey fall , smashes she head . hard . bloody Stranger leap on top of Mary - knock she down . James bolt forward , dropping he flashlight - thrust we all into darkness . ground level flashlight beam highlight shoe , rug - run , frantic - it 's all we can see - as we hear everyone yelling : jame ( 0.s. ) charlie ( 0.s. ) mary ! mom ! footstep . yelling . shadow . light . chaos . then -— bam ! a gunshot ! a man groaning o.s.! ahhhhh ! then : click . a flashlight beam penetrate the black , highlighting : mary face and charlie 's face huddle together . Mary 's hold the flashlight . mary be you ok , Charlie ? Charlie nod . Mary 's flashlight beam then find : zoey - on the ground , unconscious , head bleed . Mary move to she - check she for gunshot wound : mary ( cont 'd ) Zoey ! she 's unconscious . Christ . and then : jame mary ! Mary whip the flashlight - find : jame stand center hall - out of breath - not hurt . her face tighten with utter shock when she see that James be point he gun downward at : ( continued ) 63 . continued : ( 2 ) the bloody stranger who 's on the floor now - shot and bleeding from a bullet wound to he side . he 's stare up at James ( and James 's gun ) like a fierce animal caught in a trap . Mary can not believe it . Charlie 's devastate that the Stranger 's be catch . out of breath , James say : jame ( cont 'd ) get some rope , Mary ! go get some rope so we can get he outside and end this fuck night ! CUT to : int . sandin home office - night lit by a few candle . zoey 's on a couch , still unconscious . charlie 's next to zoey - the young boy look horrify as he stare at : jame and mary - who have drag the bloody scalped shot stranger into this room and be now in the midst of try to secure he to a desk chair so they can deliver he ( roll he out ) to the freak . but the Stranger ( gag , limb bound with duct tape ) be not make it easy - he 's fight like a rabid dog as the sandins cruelly and clumsily attempt to roll he into the chair which be lie on its side ( to accommodate the Stranger 's force entry into it ) . it 's pure chaos - the wealthy suburban sandins be bruise , sweat , scream , as they struggle furiously with the Stranger - he blood fly all over they . jame mary push , Mary , before he he 's too strong . I be so break the rope again - sorry sir . charlie ( be : the Stranger , devastate ) he 's bleed so much . can you at least stop he bleed ? mary ( panting ) Charlie - pay attention to you sister . be she waking up yet ? Charlie look down - Zoey 's still out cold - when : ( continued ) 64 . continued : jame get he leg , Mary ! he’s breaking the tape ! get he legs ! Charlie look back at the Stranger - who 's buck wildly now . and next to Charlie - unbeknownst to everyone : zoey be also watch . she 's conscious . the Young girl 's peak out discreetly - she clearly do not want anyone to know she 's awake . her eye still dance with purge- induce dementia . she watch as : James - whoosh ! slip in the Stranger 's grow blood pool - flopping face down in it . Mary , overwhelm by what they be do to the Stranger , help James up : mary what a fuck nightmare . then : polite leader ( 0.s. through bullhorn , singing ) tickety tock . tickety tock . Mary and James exchange a tense look . as James wipe blood off he own face : jame sit on he wound , Mary . mary what ? why ? oh my god . I can not . jame just do it ! it will work . devastate - teary - eye : charlie no , mom. please . do not . Mary can not stop shaking she head in stunne disbelief : mary Jesus Christ , this poor man . what be we do to he ? jame if he just walk outside willingly , we would not have to do any of this . Charlie suddenly stand up defiantly . behind he - Zoey ' 's watch again - peak out - as : ( continued ) 65 . continued : ( 2 ) charlie willingly ?!? we 're go to kill he ! jame Charlie , enough ! - Mary , sit on he wound ! we do not have time ! i’‘ 1ll hold he . - Sir , you be make it harder on yourself - Mary have she hand on she head - conflict , emotionally ravage but she abide James 's command and sit on the stranger 's wound - he buck in intense pain ! Charlie react - almost scream . the Stranger stop resisting for a beat and James seize the moment - he push the Stranger 's body into the chair - it work . jame ( cont 'd ) tie he in , Mary ! we get ‘em ! Charlie lower he head , defeat . Mary 's expression go slack as she stare at the Stranger - see the agony on he face . James see he wife 's ghostly look : jame ( cont 'd ) you have no choice , Mary . it 's almost over . no response - Mary look absolutely destroy . a funereal silence consume the room as they secure the Stranger to the chair - get ready to wheel he out to he death . the quiet be break by : charlie he be a soldier . Mary look up at Charlie , baffle by that . Charlie point - indicate a medallion on a necklace hang from the stranger 's neck . it bear a U.S. military logo . charlie ( cont 'd ) a marine . he fight in the ten Year War . that 's he dog tag . that 's who we be go to kill . Mary consider the Stranger 's dog tag . tear begin welling up . she look at she son - who admonish he mother with a disgust look of pure disappointment . Mary look like she 's go to pass out . something 's happen to she . she 's tremble , shaking she head uncontrollably , when suddenly : mary no. I can not . I can not do this . I can not do this anymore . ( continued ) 66 . continued : ( 3 ) jame Mary - relax , keep tie he down . we do not have time . Mary drop the tape and stand - pace feverishly - all she emotion boil up . mary no . I just can not . oh my God . it 's fuck wrong ! now James be on he foot - see he wife 's emotion disintegrate : jame Mary , we do not have a choice here . Mary explode : mary stop say that ! look at we , James . look at Zoey . look at this poor man . and Henry . and Mr. kane . we be cover in blood , James . it 's fuck everywhere ! James move to Mary - try to grab she arm to calm she : jame Mary , we do not have time for this . Mary pull away - scream at the top of she lung now : mary do not touch I , James . no ! what the hell happen to we ? look at US ! we 're cover in blood ! Mary 's intensity silence James . they hold a long look , when , break the moment : honk ! honk ! honk ! the SOUND of o.s blaring horn ! a cacophony of multiple car / truck horn sounding off disturbingly all at once - seemingly right outside they home . the horn finally stop but another SOUND replace they - a deep rumble - the roar of heavy machinery : jame what the fuck be that now ? this dissonant sound have pull Mary out of she meltdown . and that 's when she turn and see that : charlie be gone . the young boy be no longer in the room . ( continued ) 67 . continued : ( 4 ) mary oh my god. Charlie . where do you go , baby ? where do you go ? desperate , terrify , Mary look at she husband . James just stare back at she , equally as overwhelm . Mary start move toward the door - call out : mary ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) charlie ! she exit in a burst , leave James alone with Zoey and the Stranger now - that mysterious rumbling SOUND rise all around he . int . sandin hallway - night Mary move through the dark , flashlight lead the way . mary charlie , where be you ? there 's no sign of he anywhere . that mechanical 0o.s. rumble be getting stronger - a vast infernal noise whose source we have not yet see . Mary move to a window - look out - we do not see what she see , but we hear she say : mary ( cont 'd ) oh my god . int . home office - night - same James stand in the middle of the room ( that noise rise around he ) still in shock after Mary 's breakdown . he 's look at the bloody stranger - tie to the chair , stare at he . James walk toward the Stranger . jame I be sorry , sir , but I do not see any other way . James be just about to wheel the Stranger outside , when : zoey ( 0.s. ) daddy . James spin - and quickly cross the room to zoey - who 's eye be flutter open . Zoey 's pretend to awaken slowly , look around , act confuse . James sit next to she - cradling she head . ( continued ) 68 . continued : jame you hit you head , baby . Zoey look long and hard at James through glassy eye . jame ( cont 'd ) Zoey - how do you feel ? Long beat - then she mutter something under she breath . jame ( cont 'd ) do not speak , baby . ( then ) I be so sorry about Henry . I really be . Zoey stare at she father . face sallow and numb . she sit up , just look at James with a thousand yard stare . he smile at she reassuringly . he then lean forward and embrace she , hold she tight . Zoey see , behind James : a letter opener lie on a nearby desk . jame ( cont 'd ) we be gonna make it through tonight . it 's all gonna be ok soon , baby . Zoey take the letter opener in she hand . she slowly raise it behind James 's back . her hand be tremble . she 's start to cry as she bring the glass high , when - - James hear he daughter weep . he break the embrace , and immediately see : Zoey hold that letter opener in she tremble hand . she 's teary - eye , stare at he . and before James could react : Zoey feebly slashes at he . it 's a sad , pathetic strike but the letter opener 's sharp edge connect with James 's cheek - open it up . blood spews . James step back , hold he face , shell - shocked . Zoey step back too , cry more now . she seem unable to move , stick in stance of stunne belief - Zoey be completely shocked by what she just do . she look like a lose , confuse young girl . Father and daughter stand foot apart , not move . ( continued ) 69 . continued : ( 2 ) jame ( cont 'd ) Zoey . Zoey drop the opener and run out of the room , as if run away from she own action . she retreat down the hall , disappear in the darkness . James stand numb for a beat - he touch the blood on he face - then the tear come . he 's unable to control it . James be , right here , a completely break man . he see : the bloody stranger across the room - light by candle - a wraith in flicker light , silently observe he . James approach the bound Stranger and stand over he just as he stand over Mr. kane earlier . James stare at the Stranger , then turn and exit the room , close the door , shutting the Stranger within . int . hall - continuous as James stand in the hall in front of the close door - behind which be the Stranger . James be motionless , lose , when he see : mary - move quickly down the hall towards he . Charlie be conspicuously not with she . mary - James ? where 's Zoey ? why be you bleed ? then , quietly : jame Zoey run out . I do not know where she be . where 's Charlie ? Fighting tear : mary I do not know where he be . James absorb that - he family have come undone - tear apart by the night . he stand there , destroy , like a man who 's lose faith in everything he 's ever believe . mary ( cont 'd ) ( hopeless ) we child be go , James . and that freak be come in now . ( more ) ( continued ) 70 . continued : mary ( cont 'd ) they bring truck - they be gonna pull off the security door and come inside . ( then , be : the Stranger ) maybe you be right - maybe we do not have a choice . fatalistic beat . James stare at he wife . two desperate people . James 's expression slowly tighten - a idea be clearly form . he then say : jame no. leave the soldier in there . Mary do not understand : mary you be not send he outside ? jame I have another idea . and before Mary could question what that idea be , they hear : charlie ( 0.s. ) what be you go to do ? they both turn - see Charlie - he 's be hide nearby , in the dark , spying and listen - as he always do . he 's approach he parent now - rejoining he family as he 's hear what James just say . Mary slump - so relieved to she son . jame the soldier 's gonna be ok , Charlie . do not worry anymore . you be right . Charlie stare at he dad - so relieved , so thankful . James smile sadly at he son as he continue : jame ( cont 'd ) Mary , take Charlie to the basement . take the weapon . Zoey will be with you shortly - James hand Mary the pink pillowcase full of gun . Mary 's still very confuse : mary - I do not understand . what be you gonna do , James ? how will you stop they ? ( continued ) 71 . continued : ( 2 ) jame no time . trust I . I love you . all of you . now go . go . James kiss Mary and Charlie . Mary 's still baffle but listen to she husband , take she son and run off . James watch they go , tear in he eye . that o.s. rumble getting louder and louder . CUT to : int . sandin mansion - hallway - night a flashlight beam dance through dark . in the minimal light we see charlie and mary - run hand in hand . down stair . making there way toward the basement . as they run - the o.s. rumbling SOUND of that truck rise all around they . the house be shaking . they stop at a window - peer out , see : three large industrial truck - barely visible behind bright headlight saturate the lawn with light . that armed freak move like ghost all over the front yard . they also glimpse chain - strung up from the front of the truck - all the way to they home - to the security barricade on multiple entrance point . Mary and Charlie continue on , reaching the basement door . OPEN it . hit the stair , go down to : the basement below . they stand there , in the dark , flashlight granting minimal light . they breath heavy . charlie what 's daddy gonna do ? mary I do not know , baby . we 'il wait here . silence . wait . and then they hear : polite leader ( 0.s. ) mister and miss - tickety tock time be up . I do regret have to kill ye good ol 's citizen but you harbore he and deny we right to purge . so here we come ! Charlie and Mary exchange a look of dread . and then : ( continued ) 72 . continued : urrgghhhhhh ! the mind -numbing sound of steel be ripped and pulled . the house be shaking as that o.s. truck be strain to rip the barricade off . mary oh my God , baby . mounting panic . that SOUND of twisting steel rise . charlie whatever daddy 's do , I hope he do it fast . mary I know , baby . I hope he - Mary stop - hearing another SOUND - this one closer - a banging on the door that lead to the basement . her face suddenly fall with grim realization . mary ( cont 'd ) no . charlie what ? mary stay here , baby . do not move . Charlie , baffle , watch he mother take off - she 's run toward the stair - something 's clearly up . CUT to : jame - first floor stand by the basement door through which Charlie and Mary just enter . James be moving a large piece of furniture in front of that door - block it for some reason . this be the source of the banging Mary hear . James then cross the home , to the front door - the SOUND of that engine and steel barricade be pulled resonate all around he . James then do something else very strange - he open the front door - revealing the security barricade that protect it . same : mary —- basement stair hauling ass up the stair . she reach the basement door - try to open it but bang ! it 's block . ( continued ) 73 . continued : mary goddamn you , James . this be not the way ! jame - front door open the latch at the base of the security barricade . he take a moment , muster up the courage to OPEN the barricade , revealing the front yard of he home - bathed in the astral glow of the truck headlight . the thunderous roar of the truck engine be deafening here . James stand there , vulnerable - he squint , barely see the polite leader and he cronies just 20 yard away - silhouettes against the light . James scream : jame shut the engine and listen to I ! polite leader spot James stand under the threshold of the now open front door . polite leader Mr. sandin - what bring you outside on this good night , sir ? shut the engine , gent . the SOUND of the truck engine stop . silence , then : polite leader ( cont ’d ) be you deliver he back to I , Mr. sandin ? now all the freak be stare at James - dark amorphous shape against the truck headlight . jame we could not find he . polite leader ' tis bad news for thee , Mr. S. jame wait . I would never deny you right to purge . instead of he - take I . you can still do what you set out to do . just please do not hurt my family - do not come inside - do what you will to I . polite leader and he cronies be silent - just stare at James curiously . James be hold he arm out - give himself up - ready to die . he do not see : ( continued ) 74 . continued : zoey —- second floor at the top of the stair - peak out from behind a wall - watch she father attempt to sacrifice he life . jame ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) I instead of he - just do not hurt my family . off Zoey 's fear and confusion - the bloody stranger - home office bound to that chair . hear James 's distant voice : jame ( 0.s. ) it 's a fair trade . you still get to purge . the Stranger take in that word when he eye fall on : the letter opener with which Zoey slashed James , on the floor , just a yard from he . he eye it . CUT to : mary —- basement stair wham ! still thrust she body into that door - try to move that piece of furniture . same : jame - front door arm outstretch - body bath in light - completely vulnerable to the polite leader and he freak : jame please - take I - do not hur - suddenly - whump ! James stop mid-sentence , body flinching as if electrify . he look down at : the arrow now penetrate he shoulder . he 's be shot with a arrow by the casper the ghost - masked Apache . his face blanch with pain and shock when whump ! another arrow penetrate he stomach , spraying blood . same : mary —- behind basement door slamming her body into the basement door and whoosh ! the furniture tumble over - the door swing open and Mary 's through - sprint across the house , find : ( continued ) 75 . continued : jame - inside the home - by the OPEN front door on he hand and knee - crawl from the door - there 's arrow sticking out of he shoulder , stomach and leg now . there 's blood everywhere and he can not move fast . more arrow jettison through the door - just miss James as : polite leader sorry , Mr. S - you deal will not do . you see , the man you be hide kill one of we friend when we attack he - and that 's not acceptable - he 's just a useless homeless cunt - a martyr to serve we need to purge . and he need to be teach a lesson . so you death will not help moi. deal 's off , Mr. S. release the beast , boy -— let the killing commence ! vrooom ! the rumble resume as the engine start up . mary quickly shut the security barricade , then return to she husband - he 's on he back - bleed from multiple arrow wound - spitting up blood . she try cover he wound - to stop the incessant blood flow : mary oh my god , James . what be you do , baby ? James 's distraught face bristle with regret as he say : jame look at we , Mary ... I be so sorry .... his statement hang there like a confession . Mary begin to cry . husband and wife hold a desperate look , when : the SOUND around they reach a FEVER pitch - the house be trembling tumultuously . this all culminate in a series of very loud thunderous popping sound ! then silence . no more shaking . no more noise . Mary look around , see that the security barricade on the first floor have be torn off . window protect by nothing but glass now . blinding shaft of light ( from the large 0.s. truck ) enter through unprotect window - saturate the home in all - consume phosphorescence . mary they be come in , James . what be we gonna do ? look at you . ( continued ) continued : and then : 76 . ( 2 ) jame we fight , baby . we fight for Charlie and Zoey . mary ( not listen to he , be : he wound ) I have to stop the bleed . jame no . it 's too late for that . we - mary - what ? what do you mean ' it 's too late 's ? jame I be not gonna be ok , baby . but you and Zoey and Charlie - mary ( hysterical ) - no. no. no - jame - listen to I . I need you to live . do what I say - prop I up against the wall here . I / x11 kill any motherfucker who come inside . you cover the other side of the house . we have to protect the kid now , Mary . she stare at he - cry , terrify - but know he 's right . she help he up - he 's groan - spew blood - but with Mary 's aide James pull himself over to a nearby wall that face the entrance and several hallway . he slide down the wall - lean against it . Mary withdraw several gun from the pillowcase - put they in James 's lap , when they see silhouettes of that freak creep toward they home . Mary kiss James . mary I love you . jame I love you . crying , they hold one last stare before Mary take off with the remain weapon in the pillowcase . ( continued ) 77 . continued : ( 3 ) jame turn , spot shadow of intruder approach the light - blasted window of he home . he hear a window break 0.s. he take the safety off he weapon . same : charlie - basement also hear the SOUND of a o.s. window breaking . the Young boy be seize by terror when he spot something 0.s - across the room - he seem very interested in it . we reverse to reveal what it be : a laundry basket fill with clothes . Charlie 's clothes . CUT to : mary —- across the home this area be also harshly lit by that truck light . mary try to look outside - but it 's hard to see - she barely make out the shadow approaching she exposed window - it 's the armed freak - draw close . then : the SOUND of a window shatter somewhere near . she spin , try to locate it . can not . silence . then mocking laughter . and someone howling like a wolf . Mary 's spin as the freak play a macabre game of hide and seek - try to scare the sandins before they enter . suddenly wham ! another window smashed . mary spin - fish out a sawed - off shotgun from the pillowcase - take a wild shot at a window - but do not hit anyone . silence again . another burst of chill o.s. laughter . Mary be shaking uncontrollably . same time : jame - front hall James sit , scared , bleed out - as that shadow of freak move outside . he hear laughter here also - and howling and someone singing a haunt child 's lullaby - and the freak banging - wham ! wham ! on door , window . he 's peer around , vulnerable . suddenly wham ! a axe decimate the front door . James blanch - then shoot , unload a clip into the door . but the axe disappear - no one 's there any longer . his gunfire useless . James continue eyeing the front door - not see : ( continued ) 78 . continued : the freak - who 's enter a window on he periphery ( while James be shoot ) . it 's the casper the ghost - masked apache - slinking to the floor quietly - crawl toward James - ready to scalp James with he tomahawk . basement —- same where we now find charlie wearing several more layer of clothing . he look bulky and bizarre as he stand there sweat , tremble . after a beat - he can not take it any longer - charlie run for the stair with he gun up . he kick open the basement door and emerge into : the first floor where he 's met with sound of o.s. laughter and banging . but Charlie pay no attention to it as he eye fall on he father - across the foyer - bleed out . Charlie stand freeze - stare at he bloody dad . he do not see : the casper the ghost -masked apache - just yard away - crawl - the Apache now have he sight on Charlie . jame tremble as he reload he gun , when he spy movement on he periphery - it 's charlie - layer up and out in the open . James also see : the apache - on he foot now and running at charlie . he 's second away from slice charlie when James raise he gun and bam ! shoot he in the chest - the Apache fall at Charlie 's foot , die . James then spot : a silhouette - in the window frame on charlie 's right . this silhouette raise a gun to target charlie . jame charlie ! Charlie be lock in panic - not hearing anything . jame , bleed from three arrow wound , muster up every last bit of strength and stand - staggering across the room in a rush of challenge movement . and just as that freak target charlie - James tackle he son - drive he hard to the floor - atop shard of break glass from a blow - out window - save he . jame ( cont 'd ) be you shot ? be you cut ? ( continued ) 79 . continued : charlie I be ok , dad . but you be hurt . jame it 's ok , charlie-boy . as long as you be ok . Charlie 's eye be fill with tear . charlie I can help , dad . I '’11 help fight . jame no , son . gimme you gun and go hide . go now . Charlie hand James he gun and run off . James turn and to he utter surprise he see silhouettes of freak - everywhere . as if there 's a freak at every window now . too many to target . he do not know what to do . int . mary 's work room - night where the bleed Stranger , still bound to that chair , have push himself over - tipping the chair on its side . he 's inched himself upon the letter opener he see earlier . he have it in he hand ( which be tie behind he back ) and he 's attempt to cut the rope that bind he . go to : mary - back room sound of the o.s. freak all around she - as they continue to tease . Mary 's try to gain semblance , when she inadvertently get too close to a window and wham ! a arm shoot through the glass - shatter it and grabbing mary ! she scream - spinning and firing - blasting the freak in the chest . the freak drop and then wham ! another arm enter the frame - yanking mary shotgun away . it 's the polite leader this time - snarling with uber - courteousness : polite leader even , miss . Mary fall back - she 's crawl away when the polite leader climb through the window - coming inside . Mary reveal she knife but he snatch it from her . he hold it over he head - come at she : ( continued ) 80 . continued : polite leader ( cont ’d ) I wish I do not have to do this . you seem like a nice lady . any other time - we could maybe embark on a May - December type of youngy oldie kissy lovey thing . wham ! polite leader dive at the fall Mary . he swing the knife at she - barely miss as she scurries away . he grab she leg - pull she back . he leap on top of she - straddle she - pin she down . polite leader ( cont ’d ) I 'o 1ll make this quick . it 's not about you suffer . it 's about my purge . he raise the knife - she 's scream in fatalistic horror when bam ! a concussive blast and : the polite leader 's head explode in a hail of blood . Mary lie cover in he brain matter when he headless body flop off of she - revealing : a smiley face masked person in the window frame - stand right outside her home - holding a shotgun , have just blast the polite leader through the window . the smiley just save Mary . the smiley wave hello to she and move off , disappear into the night . Mary , baffle , push herself away from the polite leader 's body . go to : front hall - same bam ! bam ! bam ! jame try to FIRE at the numerous freak ( right outside the window ) - but there 's just too many to target . suddenly : click . James 's gun go empty . he try another - it too be empty . James be defenseless . he try to crawl away , but he 's lose too much blood . he drop he gun , as : freak begin climb in window all around he . James shake he head in defeat , when he see something odd ; it 's a smiley face masked person quietly step behind one of the freak who 's about to climb through a window . ( note : the freak be so consume with the idea of come inside and kill the sandins that he 's completely oblivious to the presence of the smiley . ) ( continued ) 81 . continued : the smiley face lops off this freak head with a sword . jame be baffle when he see another smiley face quietly walk behind a different freak at a adjacent window . the smiley face stab the freak in the back . James then see two freak about to walk in the splintered front door when two smiley face masked people step behind they and bash they with baseball bat . this smiley face masked people disappear into the dark night after the attack on the drugge - out freak . James , life fade from he fast , sit confound . silence overtake the house . the invasion seem to be over , they have be save by the mysterious smiley . James manage a smile , relieved , lie down , accept he fate as he last breath begin to escape . mary ( 0.s. ) James — he turn - see mary run over to he : jame do you see they Mary ? mary I do . jame I do not know who they be but they save we . Mary 's overwhelm with emotion . she 's caress James 's face - know he 's about to die at any moment , when : charlie ( 0.s. ) Mom — Mary look up , see Charlie enter from the kitchen : mary come here , baby . come here . Charlie join he Mom - lean over the die James : charlie be daddy gonna be ok ? Mary look at she son - shake she head - ' no , he 's not 's . Charlie 's eye fill with tear . ( continued ) 82 . continued : ( 2 ) James 's hand find Charlie 's and he squeeze it when suddenly Charlie 's expression bristle with fear : charlie ( cont 'd ) Zoey — James and Mary see Charlie 's fright - they follow he gaze , turn and spot : zoey - emerge from the shadow - she 's lean over a dead freak ( note : the Apache ) - take a gun from he . she raise the weapon - seemingly targeting her family . mary zoey - no ! but Zoey be not listen - she unleash a barrage of gunfire - unloading her entire clip . Mary , Charlie and James be cring as the bullet blaze , until they realize they be not be hit - zoey isn't shoot at jame - she 's shoot at : a freak - the diaper -clad werewolf - stand at the splinter front door . he be target the sandins but Zoey have just pop three bullet into he chest and she 's still unload more round into he . he finally drop he gun , fall to the ground , dead . Zoey save she family . they stare at she in shock . Zoey just stand there , blood -soak , hold that smoking gun . she look nearly insane - as if the event of the night have finally catch up with she . no one move . everyone wonder what Zoey will do next . Father and daughter lock on each other , when Zoey begin cry - the sight of she die father tear she apart . Zoey drop she gun and run to James , embrace he . zoey I be so sorry , daddy . I love you . and she 's weep now - it 's all come out . James slowly reach up - stroking she cheek : jame I love you , baby . it 's not you fault . it 's this night . listen to you Mom now . and make it through tonight - for I . ( continued ) 83 . continued : ( 3 ) James manage one last smile as he eye begin to close . his family , Mary , Zoey and Charlie all lean over he - cry - bid he farewell . Charlie take off he watch and place it on he father 's wrist . Mary look at she cry son , baffle , as Charlie press a button on the watch and they hear the slow beep ... beep ... of James 's die heart . beep ... beep ... then nothing . and James 's eye finally close . Zoey collapse . Charlie weep . Mary hold she child . and that 's when she hear - bam ! a noise somewhere outside the house - it pull Mary out of she grief : mary go to the basement . there 's no window there and one door which we can safe -guard . Charlie nod through tear . Zoey 's still weep uncontrollably - a basket case . mary ( cont 'd ) Zoey - I need you to pull it together now . take you brother to the basement . can you do that ? Zoey manage a nod . mary ( cont 'd ) good . go now . i’1l be down ina minute - I need to find some ammunition up here - just in case . Mary kiss she child . Zoey take she brother 's hand and they move off . Mary alone with James . she gently close he eye before run off into darkness . CUT to : zoey and charlie - basement stair as brother and sister run down the stair hand in hand . they reach bottom - into the basement hall . they wait outside the two room that debouch off the hallway . zoey we will wait here for mommy . they continue to hold hand in the dark . back to : 84 . mary — front hall now lean over the body of a dead freak - by the splinter front door . she 's take the freak 's gun and steal the bullet from he pocket . back to : zoey and charlie - basement still stand in the hall , still hold hand . charlie what 's take mommy so long ? Zoey look at she scared little brother and lean down and pull he in tight - hugging he . he accept she embrace . neither of they see : that 8 smiley face masked people emerging from the laundry room behind they . slowly , silently , ominously , approach like a gaggle of ghost . they be a foot away from they when , wham ! the smiley face masked people grab Charlie and Zoey knock they to the ground - put gun to they head . the child be catch , terrify - stare up at that army of smiley face masked people . charlie ( cont 'd ) how do you get in here ? there 's no way in here . who be you ? you just save US ! we hear one of the smiley face masked people speak . ( note : we do not know which as the disembody voice come from behind one of the mask . ) smiley face masked person you be ours . not theirs . the smiley begin drag daughter and Son to the room where James kill Mr. kane . the child hear : smiley face masked person ( cont 'd ) get the Parents . Zoey and Charlie watch two smiley face masked people go up the stair - toward the main part of the house . CUT to : 85 . int . sandin mansion - back hall - night Mary be now stand over polite leader' headless body - coolly withdraw a weapon from he pocket when she hear footstep in the hall : mary kid ? I tell you to stay - she turn - raise she flashlight and sees two smiley face masked people stand at the end of the hall - both point gun at her . smiley face masked person do not move . Drop you weapon . Mary freeze - confuse , catch . mary who be you ? they do not answer - both proceeding menacingly - gun up . Mary 's eye land on a nearby room - just a yard away - and , suddenly , as the smiley close in , Mary make her move . whoosh ! bursting into this adjacent room ! pop ! pop ! two gunshot ring out - just miss she . Mary cross that room - exite into a hall . the smiley be haul ass after she as mary find the : stair she ascend , take two at a time . she reach the : second floor - run full tilt for she life - down the wind hallway , away from the smiley . mary reach the end of the hall . she kick open a door and enter : a home office . she lock the door , when bam ! the lock be blown off by a o.s. gunshot - deliver by the smiley . the door swing open in a violent burst - Mary be throw backwards . she drop in a heap as the smiley step in . Mary be try to crawl away . the two smiley be quickly upon she - secure she - pull she to she foot - push she forward , gun to she back . Mary 's catch . mary ( cont 'd ) who be you ? what be you go to do ? do you hurt my child ? the smiley do not speak - they push Mary into the : ( continued ) 86 . continued : hall they gun to she back . Mary 's terrify - no escape , when there 's a rush of movement behind mary - a silver flash , the shimmer glint of a knife 's edge slashing out at the two smiley . the blade slice smiley 1 's throat - a second flash puncture smiley 2 's temple . the smiley drop . Mary spin , see they die at she foot . she 's baffle as to what just happen when : the bloody stranger - step out from the shadow - have just kill the two smiley with some expert knife work . Mary stare up at the scar man . she do not move . the Stranger open he mouth and say in he raspy voice : bloody stranger be you hurt ? off Mary 's surprised , confuse face - int . basement room - night - same a flurry of furious movement as about 6 smiley face masked people tie up zoey and charlie on the floor . the Children be flopping around desperately , try to break free from they quiet happy face captor . charlie zoey ! zoey charlie ! ( to they captor ) why be you do this ? why ? who be you ? how do you get in here ? no answer - just all that smiley face hover above they silently - secure they feet and hand viciously : zoey ( cont 'd ) leave my brother alone ! Zoey be lose it . she 's flail about . she get a arm free and swing it violently , connecting with one of the smiley face - knocking off the mask , revealing : mrs . ferrin . Mary speak to Mrs. ferrin earlier in the day . she life next door to the sandins . she 's they fake - breast neighbor who give Mary the nasty cookie . Zoey and Charlie stare at she , beyond shocked . ( continued ) 87 . continued : zoey ( cont ’d ) Mrs. ferrin . I do not - Mrs. ferrin nod to she fellow captor . they remove they mask . we recognize several of they : the large bear -like mr . halverson - another neighbor whom we met ( he and he family enjoy Mrs. ferrin 's cookie ) . charlie Mr. halverson - what be -— next to mr. halverson be he overweight wife and he enormous 18 year old twin son ( note : the twins be cover in blood - as they be the smiley who , along with several other young neighbor , kill the freak ) . there be other . adult - teenager . Charlie and Zoey recognize they all . they be stare at they captor 's face - the face of they neighbor . charlie ( cont 'd ) Mr. ramage . Mr. cali . susie , Kenny . I do not understand . why ? the neighbor just stare at the sandin child blankly . zoey what be you go to do to US ? Mrs. ferrin say matter - of-factly : mrs . ferrin the man will rape you and you mother . then we will kill all of you and take everything we want from you gorgeous home . charlie why ? why ? mrs . ferrin because we hate you . we hate you perfect fuck family , and you oh so perfect house . but do not worry - you will all be make Martyrs of the Republic . Charlie begin weep . Zoey have lose she energy , give in . Mrs. ferrin turn to she fellow neighbor : mrs . ferrin ( cont 'd ) finish tie they down . ( continued ) 88 . continued : ( 2 ) charlie tell I how you get in here . ( look toward the back of the room ) there 's no way in from back there . there 's no -— Charlie stop - see something in the rear of the room - dirt / mud all over the floor behind some machinery . charlie ( cont 'd ) ( realization ) you dig a tunnel . be you crazy ? mrs . ferrin it take we a year . underneath the yard and into the basement here . Charlie look at Zoey - he mind blow : charlie that be the scratch , Zoey . daddy think it be a raccoon . that bring a smile to Mrs. ferrin 's face . to all the neighbor 's face . they all start laughing . Zoey and Charlie stare up at they , they tan face contort in laughter . it finally wane and the neighbor begin shackle and gag the child again . zoey Mrs. ferrin , you do not have to hurt we . mrs . ferrin we do , young lady . it 's unpleasant - but necessary . Charlie go to say something again - but he 's gag . as be zoey . they be turn over and handcuffed . they can not fight anymore , face down , bound . they cry eye hold on each other when the SOUND of a door open o.s. get they attention . they be able to turn they head , see : two more smiley face masked people stand at the door . seemingly the two people who went after mary . everyone be look at they as they enter . Mrs. ferrin address she cohort - who be still wearing mask . mrs . ferrin ( cont 'd ) where be the sandins ? ( continued ) 89 . continued : ( 3 ) no response . the two smiley face masked people who be stand under the threshold of the door oddly raise they weapon - targeting there fellow neighbor . all the neighbor be stare at they , baffle . mrs . ferrin ( cont 'd ) Mr. and Mrs. langriche - what the hell be you do ? suddenly , the two smiley face masked people remove they mask - revealing themselves to be : mary and the bloody stranger - a team now - make entry by wearing the mask and clothing of the enemy . holding they weapon on the neighbor . mary mister and miss langriche will not be join we . Drop you weapon . silence . all in shock . Mrs. ferrin try to make a quick move by raise she weapon but bam ! Mary shoot she in the leg . Mrs. ferrin drop , howling as Mary bellows with feral intensity : mary ( cont 'd ) anybody else want some ? you ? Mr. sabian ? Mrs. halverson ? I ’m not fucking around ! c’mon ! the neighbor be speechless . Mrs. ferrin be bleed , cry , on the ground . Charlie and Zoey be stare at mary and the stranger - thankful but shocked , as : mary ( cont 'd ) everyone drop you weapon . Zoey , Charlie - over here . the neighbor drop they gun as Zoey and Charlie stand with the help of the Stranger and move behind Mary - who remove they gag . then : mrs . ferrin get it over with . kill we quickly . Mary 's stare at the neighbor for a extend beat - the Stranger await she command . everyone 's look at Mary - but she continue to hesitate . mrs . ferrin ( cont 'd ) for godsake - just do it . c’mon ! then : ( continued ) 90 . continued : ( 4 ) mary no . zoey they be go to kill we , Mom . mary it do not matter . there 's 1ll be no more kill tonight . and that statement hang there . Zoey and she mother hold a look when the bleed Mrs. ferrin make another quick move for a nearby gun . bam ! Mary shoot Mrs. ferrin in the other leg - yelling : mary ( cont 'd ) enough ! no one be kill anyone anymore . do you not hear what I say , Mrs. ferrin ? Mrs. ferrin be writhe in pain now - from two bullet wound . Mary be a wild - eye beast : mary ( cont 'd ) no more kill , you fuck . we be gonna play this night out in motherfuck peace ! doe anyone have a problem with that ? no response . everyone shocked speechless . dissolve to : int . sandin dine room - continuous all the neighbor , all alive , all now seated around the sandin dine room table , include a whimper Mrs. ferrin whose bullet wound be bandage . mary , cover in blood , sit at the head of the table . charlie and zoey be next to she . also veile in blood . Charlie be still wear the layer of clothes - he be also don he odd glass and play with the remote . the bloody stranger stand behind everyone ( he wound also bandage ) - he 's cover the neighbor with he gun . he 's clean up and stand tall - he look like a absolute bad ass - the soldier he use to be . the neighbor all have they head down , eating a big , nearly gourmet breakfast of omelettes , pancakes , french toast , potatoe , bacon , cereal , fruit , etc . ( continued ) gl. continued : it 's like some kind of bizarre dinner party - replete with wall that have be ravaged by gunfire and bloodied guest . it 's tense , everyone eat in silence , until : mary how 's the french toast , Mr. halverson ? everyone look at Mr. halverson . he mumble something . mary ( cont 'd ) I can not hear you , Mr. halverson . mr . halverson it 's very good . mary thank you . I appreciate that . everyone go back to eat . the macabre dinner party continue in awkward silence - when we hear whump whump whump as Charlie ( use he remote ) steer victor ( with the shirt still wrap around he eye ) into the room . Charlie put Victor on the table . everyone look at the rabbit curiously before go back to eat . Mary then raise the tv / internet remote and flick on the projection in the dine room . everyone 's look at she as she type on the remote keyboard - search for a specific site - just as she do earlier . and just like last time , as she type we begin to hear a beeping . Mary ( and everyone else ) look at the projection , see : warning you be about to enter the -resistance .org . this web - site be not sanctioned by arcon . would you like to proceed ? yes ? no ? unlike last time , Mary do not hesitate - she click yes . the neighbor all seem very shocked by that as we see : tv / internet projection - as the site the-resistance . org appear and immediately display a man 's face - up close - look right at US . it 's carmelo johns - the purge detractor we see protest on tv in the morning . it 's a live feed of carmelo . but something 's wrong - he face be bleed , half he cheek rip apart by a gunshot as : carmelo johns ( on tv ) - arcon 's find I . burn the baptisia flower and find the american dream another way . start the revolution - ( continued ) 92 . continued : ( 2 ) Mary stare at the die carmelo - move . everyone be look at she , confuse as to why she 's watch he , when suddenly , break this moment : waaaa ! a protract siren beckon ominously 0.s. - announce the end of the purge . everyone 's look at Mary until the siren stop . Mary take she eye off the tv - look at she neighbor , then address the Stranger : mary lower you weapon . it 's over . the Stranger lower he weapon . Mary do the same . mary ( cont 'd ) ( to the neighbor ) now get the hell out of my house . the neighbor begin filing out . mary ( cont 'd ) wait , Mrs. ferrin . Mrs. ferrin look back at Mary . mary ( cont 'd ) you be cookie taste like the inside of a cow 's ass . the shell - shocked neighbor , include Mrs. ferrin , continue on , down the hall , exite . behind they : Charlie , Zoey , Mary and the Stranger be leave alone now . the Stranger break the moment , lay he gun down . he cast one last look on the family before walk off . mary ( cont 'd ) Excuse I . the Stranger pause , look back . mary ( cont 'd ) thank you . the Stranger nod - then look at Charlie . he reach up and remove he necklace - he army dog tag . he flip they to the Charlie , who catch they . bloody stranger thank you , Charlie . Charlie immediately put the tag around he own neck . the Stranger wink he one eye at the boy , then turn to leave . Charlie stop he with : ( continued ) 93 . continued : ( 3 ) charlie wait . tell we who you be . you name . be you really homeless ? beat - the Stranger eye Charlie - then : bloody stranger Lieutenant John brakken - U.S. Marine Corps . I fight in the fourth War - come home and serve under arcon . start drink too much - punch a officer and be discharge . the drink continue - and I lose my way . I end up homeless . here I be . they stare at the Stranger - shocked he 's say so much . mary why do not you tell we any of this when you first come in ? bloody stranger you would not have listen . no one listen . mary what will happen to you ? the Stranger peer over at the tv - see carmelo bleed out . the Stranger look back at the sandins : bloody stranger maybe it 's time to make people listen . no matter what it take . Mary hold a look with the Stranger . bloody stranger ( cont ’d ) will you and you child be ok ? Mary consider the question - tear welling in she eye . mary I do not know . ( peer around at she bullet- ride home ) I just know I can not be here right now . another look between Mary and the Stranger . he nod to she - a signal - ' follow I 's . the Stranger start walk out . Mary take a beat , then stand , and say : ( continued ) 94 . continued : ( 4 ) mary ( cont 'd ) kid . Zoey and Charlie exchange a confuse look . they both finally rise , follow they mother as she start out , behind the the Stranger . ext . sandin mansion - front door - morning - continuous as the front door open and the stranger step out - quickly follow by mary , zoey , and charlie ( hold Victor ) . they be all squinting from the intense , nearly blind morning sunlight . they immediately see : dead freak pepper they lawn ; homeless people hang from light pole ; the neighborhood mutt carry the decapitate human head in its tooth . the opulent cul - de-sac look very different this morning . the Stranger consider the carnage then start walk . Mary look at she Children - they all seem a bit perplex by what they be do - but they all start forward , follow this Stranger , join he as he walk down the middle of the street , away from the cul - de-sac . as they walk , Mary look up at : sky -board pepper the sky - most purge participant - dallas ! most martyr - las vega ! arcon's reward , including lower tax , will be coming to these city very soon ! congrat america on another successful purge ! Mary look away . she peer at the Stranger - who 's walk forward , with purpose in he stride . she seem oddly energize by he . Mary look at she child : mary we be gonna be ok , guy . somehow we will be ok . she take she child 's hand in she own , and the remain sandins and the bloody Stranger continue onward - leave the cul - de- sac behind as the camera rise into the sky watch this bloody , but very alive foursome walk off , together , into the hot morning sunrise . fade to red . to be continued