creer tae ore the thing adapted from the short story who goe there ? by John W. Campbell , first draft screenplay seeriggeetn property of : Winchester picture Corp , JULY $ 1 , 1950 ‘s ay q for i se meem tere '' peacgremiai ome fade in ext , night the snow pile street of dutch Harbor , Alaska , a wind blow . the street be empty . a bundle figure move through the street toward a low roofed light building , a sign outside the building read : " officer's club , dutch harbor , alaska " someone have scribble the word under the printing " no penguin allow " , the figure stop in the doorway and look at a long thormomoter , it register twenty - five below zero . the figure continue into the club , int . officer club room - midnight this be the social center for u.s.a. fly man roosting in the polar region , the air base be near dutch Harbor , Alaska - a commt hop from the Arctic Circle , it be early winter , the night in dutch Harbor be long and dark . in the room two of the six game table be occupy . at one sit a four hand bridge game , at the other sit five man play poker , radio music - a american service broadcast - be come a bit feebly into the room . all be cozy and steam -heated in the room , among the five poker player be three man who be to be active in we story . one be w.0. Vic macauliff . he be a tough , taciturn radio man , he have see service everywhere , hear nearly all the language and drunk nearly all the different brews of the earth , . the second be Captain Pat Henry , in he early thirty , Captain Henry have be a flyer since he shed he first stock cap . he be a man of whimsey and temper and also mood , the third be Lieutenant Eddie dyke , a tall , homely man under thirty . . : the overcoat , boot , ear - lap military hat of the aviator lie on a unused table nearby . t ( continued ) i , E i £ i ie 2 ( continued ) eddie dyke ( as he shuffles and deal ) it be about a hundred and five in the shade in this place , the woman do not wear any clothes at all to speak of - which be very intelligent of they , you lay in a hammock and three of they stand there fan you . when I die , I hope to go to accra , macauliff I be there . henry ( look at he hand ) I open for one dollar . player I stay . player I be out . . macauliff go up . he put two chip on the table , eddie Scotland strike again , I be _ in , card , gentleman . two other player add another chip each to the pot . henry Three , player Three , macauliff this will do , the figure have enter the room and be surveying the poker player as it remove its wrapping , he be ned skeely , a newspaper correspondent , . henry hello , skeely , how be you ? of ( continued ) 2 ( continued ) skeely faintly alive . twenty - five below and go down , it 's a night for brass monkey , . henry Care to join we ? skeely as soon as I count my finger , I may have lose some . henry I think you know everybody here . player smile and say " sure . " macauliff I have not meet the gentleman , Captain . henry ned skeely - angus macauliff , macauliff how do you do , sir . eddie Mr , skeely 's a newspaper man , Mac . we be go to put on . a snow ball fight for he tomorrow . skeely take a seat next to Eddie henry ( return to the play ) one dollar be bet , eddie against a pat hand hold by a scotchman , Captain Henry , you decoration for valor have go to you head , I be fold . macaulifp call , of . henry a pair of ace . ( continued ) 2 . ( continued ) macauliff beat two queen . eddie ( to macauliff ) you ought to know better than to try fool my pal . only dame dan do that . henry ( quietly ) I promise you a kick in the belly . eddie ( mockingly ) forgive . forgive , a slip of the tongue . henry ( to 3keely ) how would you make out with General fogarty ? skeely you general be nursing he secret like a June bride . macauliff deal tem out , lieutenant . eddie you in , Mr. skeely ? skeely yes . I be always interested in pauperize the air force . eddie ( deal ) itve get a big idea that involve you , Mr. skeely . you be not go to get any story out of this post . forgarty nas give we all , instruction to treat you like a Russian spy , skeely General fogarty be go to end up on he knee begging for my attention , i eddie ( intently ) this be more practical , Mr. skeely , there 's a man in edmonton who can give you the whole radar defense story . love to talk , General maclaren . you tell the General you want to get to edmonton '' and pat. and IM ) fly you there , canin rife 2 ( continued ) a skeely I know General maclaren . he bore I . . eddie ( desperately ) do not be like that ! it 's warm in edmontont they have get girl in edmonton ! without fur pants on} skeely ( to Henry ) how about it , Captain ? henry let 's play card . macaulifp ( to Eddie ) ye ought tio know better than to try and shoo we captain southward '' with he heart wrap around the North pole . henry that will do , Mr. macauliff . macauliff ( grin ) I open '' for two dollar , skeely ( casually , as they play ) what 's go on at the North pole ? eddie some scientist be hold a convention there , look for polar bear tail , ever hear of ' dry carrington ? '' skeely the fellow who be at bikini ? eddie the game . henry i they be hole in about two thousand mile north 6f here ; -a lot of { botanist and physicist , my '' ( continued ) 2 ( continued ) eddie . ( solemnly ) include a pin - up girl . very interesting type . Captain Henry can give you any data on she you go , : t : henry ( look at he card and speak quietly to Eddie ) someday I hope to have a co-pilot a for cut above a high school boy + or at least dry behind he ear - a voice come over the p.a. speaker , ' voice Captain Henry , Captain Pat Henry , report to General fogarty 's quarter at once , please , Henry wise from the table . i skeely for ( frown and serious ) : . twelve thirty and a general yell £ for he troops , sound like the E old day . Henry start put on he overcoat , ' ' dissolve to : 3 int , general fogarty's quarter , night a live room with a fire go in the fire place . the room be fairly well furnish . some war trophy be on the wall , inglude a piece of a japanese aeroplane , a jap sword , arid other important war souvenir . Three man be , in the room , one be General : fogarty , in he forty ; the second be the adjutant of the post , Major Smith . '' the third be corporal hauser from the post 's communiqation center . ( fogarty ' '' ( to corporal hauser ) i if any more message come in from that 's base I go to be notify | per pally , no matter what time , tell the 0 . D. '' ' ( continued ) 3 ( continued ) ° corporal yes , sir , there be a knock on the door . fogarty come in , the door open and a blast of freezing air hit the room as Captain Henry enter , he close the door , henry good evone , sir . corporal hauser open the door and exit , let another blast of cold into the room . the General shiver , scowl and grumble , fogarty ( shiver ) ~ freddie , any chance of the Pentagon send we a revolve door ? major could be . we get a gross of pith helmet last week . fogarty ( to Henry ) I have go something queer here from you picnic party up north . just come in , ( he read from a paper ) believe air ship unusual type crash in we vicinity . please send facility to investigate , most urgent , ~ ( he look up ) it 's.from Dr. carrington . what 's it sound like to you , Pat ? a henry I think I would better hop up , i fogarty , ( dryly ) it know you would say that . but what do you think you will find , besides you lady friend ? fi henry ( quietly ) I do not know , any of we ship report miss ? ns bh 3 ( continued ) ma jor not 4 one . henry could be a russky . they be all over the pole , like fly , fogarty ( smile ) do not get nervous . you be go . when a double dome like Professor carrington say " most urgent " , small people like we have to jump . better take a dog team and everything you might need for rescue work , henry I will take off at 4330 . . maj or what 's the weather , Pat ? henry there 's a bad front move in . but I think there 's enough time to get there and back without bump into it . , i t i i . fogarty you can do I a favor , pat. loy henry yes , sire for fogarty . , take that newspaper fella up with / you '' and maroon he there , é henry rt a invite hin . fogarty and dont it get I wrong about who bet maroon , Captain Henry , i.would appreciate , . it you didntt .. smash , a ii okt and . find it necessary .to -. twid 49 you thumb for a week while at 's : be - repalre , - henry ' fogarty 8 Romeo and juliet itld - '' you back tomorrow night without Mr. skeely , mole , bik int . c-54 plane . it be flying through a dimly lit sky . below be cloud bank . in the plane be W. 0 . macauliff , ned skeely , Navigator Lieutenant Ken ericson and Light engineer corporal barne . Captain Henry be fly the ship , lieut . dyke be beside he . macauliff be at he radio instrument . a dozen husky and several sleds be in the plane , plus a pile of other cargo tie down under tarpaulin . skeely how far be we from camp ? henry threeshour . we have slowed down . there 's a breeze blow . eddie dyke ( grimly ) a breeze , he say , it 's hit forty mile . but you will find that we captain have some funny — idea about the North pole . he think it 's a garden spot . come and bring the kiddie . henry ( grimly ) you be yapping be out of order , Eddie . I be not go to tell you again ~ ; . eddie always squawk ~ that 's meet and for no reasont Shackleton go to the North pole once + and retire with a bag full of medal . I get to go there every three week ~ like it be lover 's lane . .{eoldly ) I would like you to get this straight , mn. skeely , if you write anything . I be liaison officer between we post and the carrington outfit . this flight be strictly official . usually bring in supplies . they be chart magnetic current , grow new kind of polar plant , look for mineral . '' continued ' ss 10 4 ( continued ) eddie that 's right , skeely . I be only kid . it 's a terrific outfit . the biggest collection of double dome ever get together on a ice cake . macauliff ( to the talker ) something 's come through . Henry , Eddie and Navigator ericson put on they head phone and listen , eddie ( listen to the j : ear phone ) * somebody 's goop upt henry ( remove ear phone ) . give I a new read , Ken . oo anne ona seer som ken I can not understand it . skeely who be that ? fi : henry j ehe radio man , hendrix ~ talk for carrington . he want we to '' ' sorrect we compass read twelve point hast . a magnetic disturbance be whack away at everything . ( work ) this be no place to make a mistake , pat we be bee-line for the plade . have not we better get they back . '' a ' '' for henry no. | carrington do not make mistake . we will follow ground instruction . y my dissolve to : 5 int . plane , h view far below of the sprawling polar settlement . : . '' % ( conrrnued ) '' 11 5 ( continued ) small dot of roof on a flat expanse of snow . the plane start descend . dissolve to : 6 ext polar project camp = day the C - 54 make a landing on skis some two hundred foot from the large of the low loom building . the arrival drop out of the plane door . 4& half dozen eskimo worker belong to the camp hurry toward they . dissolve tos 7 int . large assembly ; room of polar expedition it be 80 per cent underground . it 's window be near the ceiling and function as transom for we light . fhe room be comfortably furnish and warm , it 's steam pipe run along the wall , . in the room be Dr. chapman , Dr. algari and Mrs. chapman , chapman be a forceful look man in he forty . his wife be a good look woman of forty who be also he assistant , chapman be a minerologist . algari ig a elderly man , white hajred . he be a botanist / . a male cook stand at a large electric stove , he be cooking coffee and a hot lunch in @ number of pot . chapman ; walk up the stair to the door , which be near the top of the room . he open it . Captain Henry / and he group come down the stair . jl chapman — vet , pretty landing , captein , | for watch 1t . how be the trip ? t * } cenh cpg ) a , henry , | . mice | ride . thies be Mr , . skeely , . | Dr. ghapman , mrs.. chapman , dr alge#i . Mr. skeely 's a newspaperman . continued 7 ( continued ) 12 skeely glad to know you . . chapman ( smile ) . glad to have a newspaperman drop in onus . wetre a bit off the beat track . 's skeely ( look around ) do not tell I I be practically at the North pole} look more like my old kentucky home . henry any further information , Dr. chapman ? ! chapman I be convinced it 's some sort of Russian air craft . probably some new jet propel rocket . algert I very much doubt that , Hugo . I do not understand Russian science , but it can not be as far advanced as the indication we have from the crash ship . ; chapman if it be a ship . wetre all quite excited , Captain . henry where 's Dr. carrington ? chapman in the lab . e mrs . chapman they ! 1l all be here for lunch , it 's ; ready -. if youtd like to : eat first , Fresh vegetable ! henry ! i( to skeely ) j from ( they . own garden . : not skerly seve : ' mrs . chapman change the thing 8/29/50 13 7 ( continued ) skeely you have a hothouse ! at the pole ! : eddie ( winking at skeely ) they have get everything here , wait till you see , henry itll join you in a few minute . algari . I will take you to the lab , Captain , : henry thanks . I know the way . he start out of the room mrs . chapman : please sit down , everybody . the group move toward a long refectory table set with twenty place , we follow Captain Henry out . 8 int , a connecting underground corridor between two of the camp building Henry enter it and walk toward a steep stairway . he climb it and knock on a door , a voice call . voice come in , he open the door , 9 int , nikki be office and sleeping quarter a small office- like room , line with filing cabinet , hold a desk , a typewriter stand , a voice recording machine , and a couch that serve as a bed , be reveal , sitting at the desk , type , 1s a vivid , young woman , alberta nicholson , she be call nikki . she stop type and rise . ' nikki Pat ! ( welcome to we igloo ! ( continued ) 8/29/50 14 9 ( continued ) henry ( smile ) hello , nikki . you look like seven million dollar . how be you ? nikki wonderful . sit down , I talk better stand . he step up to she and embrace she ardently , she pull out of he embrace , calmly , and without alarm , nikki please , ( she straighten she hair ) I think Dr. carrington be wait for you . ' henry t Dr. carrinzton will have to wait . : I be busy . he try to embrace she again . nikki ( evade he ) no , you be not , henry ( frown ) . what 's the matter ? nikki now , do not act surprised . we have be all through this before . I do not like promiscuous love make . it 's meaningless . henry who 's promiscuous ? we 'tre alone , be not we ? nikki Pat , last time you be here , I spend three day wrestle with a typical air corps wolf , it be like play puss - in - the~corner with bluebeard or somebody . you even invade my bedroom , claim you be look for a lose pocketknife . now , I be fond of you , Pat , but this time , if you do not keep you hand to yourself , we be through to henry you be fond of I , eh ? well , I be fond . of you , too , what be we wait for ? ne " ( continued ) 9 ( continued ) 8/29/50 15 nikki we be wait until we get to know each other , henry ( grin ) now you be on my side , come hore . youtll get to know I , nikki ( push he away ) not that way . henry what other way be there ? nikki ( desperately ) do not you ever hear the word " conversation " ? do not you ever read a book , or see a movie ~ or ~ or think about anything ? henry yeah . but you do not want to talk about what I be think . nikki no , I do not . if that 's all you can think ! henry I get other thought . nikki it would be a entrance diversion to hear one . henry well , try this one , dame areall alike , nikki that 's not a think . it 's a cliche , and a stupid cliche , henry all dame want to get marry , if you ask they to marry you , you be sincere , if you do not you be bluebeard , and a , wolf . nikki ( dangerously ) ' Ave you say I want you to ask I to marry you ? '' ~ ( continued ) '' = 9 ( continued ) 8/29/50 16 henry never could figure they out . if you buy a dame one meal and try to kiss she , you be a wolf and a bluebeard , but if the same fellow promise to buy she thirty thousand meal , then he 's a prospective husband and he could not beat she off with a stick . nikki yes , and tell a fellow you garter belt be you own business , and he will think of every mean , stinking thing in the world to say back to youl henry ( calmly ) that 's the war of the sex , I guess , nikki woll , I hate war} . henry on the othor hand , it 's my business , T get a commission , gimme a kiss , nikki . nikki I be tired .of you . now , come on . Doctor carrington 's eager to sec you . henry ( gloomily ) okay . lead on , miss nicholson , I guess I come to the wrong pole , he follow she out , dissolve int . dr . carrington' laboratory this be a large chamber in a soparate building , here be concentrate the instrument use by the various scientist in they astronomical , mineralogical and botanical experiment , ( continued ) 17 10 ( continued ) at a large flat - top table in the room sit Dr. Arthur carrington . he be a man of 43 with a alert , cheerful face . he be good look , well build , soft speak . his dominant characteristic be a smile that seem never to leave he lip . it be present always on he face like a extra feature , he be a genius of science and 8 mon whose brain be focus like a microscope on the secret of nature , but the intensity of he preoccupa ~ tion with science be not to be hear in the easy tone of he voice . it will be see in the thing he do , in he point of view - but never in he manner . outwardly , he seem only a good look man full of child - like enthusiasm for a task and with a soothing , amiable way for he fellow man . in the room with Dr. carrington be a lean young man name William Stone , in charge of the camp 's photographio work and equipment . Captain Henry stand ' silently in the doorway , he eye moodily on he scientific rival . the doctor be study the indicator dial of a complex instrument on the table . Bill Stone greet the arrival . stone hello , nikki . hello , Captain Henry . how be the trip ? henry ( shortly ) of ke he remain stare at the preoccupy carrington who seem aware neither of he or nikkit presence , nikki ( quietly ) Captain Henry be here , doctor . i . carrington ( without look up , he voice amiable ) yea , / i. nowe / ( he eye stay . on the indicator / ' dial and he continue softly ) would you take theso note , please , i( he dictate to nikki quietly . , she write as he speak ) novenber second , 2 pam , deflection on sereen nineteen continue = | twelve point three . no lessen or waver of disturbing clement . '' ( continued ) ' S xe 10 ( continued ) 18 carrington ( cont would ) ( he look up and smile at Henry and add softly ) can we start now , Captain honry ? henry ( coolly ) mind tell I where wetre go ? carrington forty-eight mile due east . henry you message say a aeroplane have crash , be that what we be look for ? carr ington ( smile ) I do not kmow , Captain . henry ( cover he irritation with difficulty ) I would like to know what I be suppose to go look for , Dr. carrington . carrington ( gently ) so would i. ( eagerly ) I think we should start while the light hold , : henry ( without move ) / wetll start after youtve give I what information youtve get . carrington ( softly ) be that necessary , Captain ? fee see hommyt scowl ~ ; ; and be quiekly contrite ) Im very sorrye I be think only of the vagueness of . my infotmation , I dislike be vague . will you please read captdin Henry my first note , nikki ? a ( continued ) at 10 ( continued ) ' come on , lett get go . 19 nikki ( open the note book in it hand and read from November 1 , 11:15 p.m . sound detector register explosion due east . 11:18 p.m. magnetic dial reveal twolve point three deflection , such deflection possible only if a disturbing force equivalent to 20,000 ton of steel or iron ore have become part of the carth within fifty mile radius . ; henry that sound like a meteor , do not it ? carrington ( amiably ) yes , very much . except for we photographic plate , we telescopic camera be work last night , here be the film take between pisle and 11:15 . let Captain Henry see it , Stone switch on a light in a moviola box and run a strip of film slowly through it . Captain Henry look into the box . carrington you will note the small dot low on the film . it be move from west to east . at 11:14 the dot move upward , at 11:15 it drop to the earth and vanish . a moteor might move fimost horizontally from west to east , but hever upward , if the travel object cause ' the explosion we pick up , it be in the ice 48 mile from here , the sound reachod we four minute after the object 's disappearance , this give we the approximate distance from here '' ' henry ' ( frown ) twenty thousand ton of steel be a lot of metal for a aeroplane . | {ji carrington for the sort of aeroplane we know , captain ' '' cabruptiy ) fe walk out follow by caprington , , ( Stone and nildcd . '' '' dissolve : fos 12 20 int . c=54 plane Captain Henry and Lieutenant dyke be at the control . the rest of the crew be in they accustom place , a dog sled and a dog~team occupy the rear of the passenger cabin . Flight engineer barne be scan the snowscape below , so be photographer Stone and the scientist Olson , chapman , vorrhee , laurenz and redding . skeely be also peer avidly out of the window . there be a air of tension to the silence . only Dr. carrington seem relaxed . he share a seat with nikki . from time to time Captain Henry turn around to scowl at nikki and carringtone '' nikki ( eagerly to she 's companion ) I be terribly excited , Arthur ! I be jump up and down insidel carrington ( softly ) so be i. nikki ( laugh ) if the world be come to a end , I dontt think youtd change you expression , Arthur , yould keep smile - and dictating gate ~ and , expect I to take they down : ccurately . ' carrington ( nodd ) and you would . | japtain Henry have rise and leave . dyke at the control . he have ' walk back to carrington and stand , there wait grimly for they talk '' to end he.speaks up - now with -. dppitation . ft henry wotrdg fifty mile outy dootor , and not a sign jof anything . that gadget , of yours must jbe screwy i '' : i 4 - carrington | ' ( amlably ) : I doubt it , Captain , they have oxhibit no sign of lunacy in the paste = '' : ag src ooo ( contin 21 11 ( continued ) ; nikki ( to Henry ) you must be off you course . henry ( to carrington , insistently , ignore nikki ) we have not see anything , have we ? what do that mean ? carrington ( amiably ) it mean we have not see it . it doesntt mean it be not there . Henry 's response be interrupt by a ory from dyke , dyke hey , Pat ! flook at this ! the compass be turn around ! y henry ( start forward ) what the holy <« carrington ( calmly ) wetve pass it . ( call to dyke ) when do it start turn , Lieutenant ? / i foe . .5 | | dyke ' fust now ~~ fifteen second ago . / ; carrington ns ( to nikki ) Mark the time , please , ( to dyke ) be it 'a complete revolution ? . dyke yep . hundre and eighty degree , {4 carrington ‘( to Henry ) then we fly right over it about mile a three eight back , ~~ '' henry ( gurtly ) ' thanks '' 7 i tte call to the cockpit ) . / spin it , around Eddie , and take / she down . low , S = é 22 11 ( continued ) Henry return to the cockpit . carrington follow he and stand gaze out over he shoulder . long shot of ice field from ship' poin . of view a dark patch in the ice appear . int . cockpiy carring lon and dyke ( together ) ° there - I see it - over therel - dyke té 's bury in the ice . henry ( peer at the - ground what do you think , Eddie ? ( poiaf ) look pretty smooth over there = henry ~ ( nodd ) ~ > fasten you seat belt , , folk . we be go to land , dissolve to : / the ice plane . the 0 - 54 land gracefully on its skis . its occtipant disembark . barne and dyke start hitching up the dog teame ~ nikki ~ / ( g tanding on tiptoe ) T can not see it from here henry . it 's that way . about a half mile . | ( contrtnve ) 23 14 ( continued ) 7s carrington a little more south , I believe . nikki ~ oh , I hope we do not lose ite carrington ( smile at she eagerness ) hardly '' macauliff ~ this will lead we right to ite he hold up a geiger counter . carrington '' ( surprised ) a geiger céunter , but there 's no reagén to suppose it 's radioactive . - - wacaullff it be , though , TI notice in the plane . see ? _ he hold up the counter . it click steadily . all set , folk . / ( to nakiet ) _ you ride on the sled , nikki get on the sled . it start off , the rest of the party trot along in its track . dissolve to lhe ice plain near '' he dark paich . . the sled stop , '' nakicd get off and run with thé other to - fhe dark pgtch , they stand look down bt it from a lithle hillock of snow and ice t ms | barne | that 's ' no aeroplane : : | : ' ( continued ) 24 15 ( conlinued ) : - ols on - it 's certainly not a meteor . - ~ macauliff whatever it be , how in the holy name of Aberdeen , do it get in there ? look , the ice be smooth as glass . there be a little chorus of agreement and wonder . ~ henry ~ this be the craziest thing I ever see $ carrington not really . ; _ henry ( over polite ) perhaps you will be good endugh of explain the little mystery to all we ordinary people ~ carrington ( stare '' at the dark patch ) ~ - afiything hitfing thé earth 's atmosphere at a astrondémical speéd would '' be white hot in a instant . it would . melt its ya into the ice which would ion freeze over it again skéély and , barné have move to another hillock to get a better wie of the bury object . suddenly skeely let out a yel > skeet ( gb the top of he jung '' it 's a sauceri tut a flying saucers there be a inotant 's silence , they all stare into the ice . jot olson a cgeoftly ) ~ saas blesa my soul , that 's what it ast oi} the ( continued ) on S € 15 ( conlinued ) 25 ad lib a saucer} a fly disel sure , look from over here =. see ? a real , honest - to - God saucer ! see the direction vanese .. ~ they say there be no such thifgse . d'yaé suppose there 's anyone in it must be wee sure ... skeely ( jump with excitement ) axe ! get some ice- axes} barne and dyke run for axe . stone stand back , everybody } let I . get some pleturest | skebly ( wildly , as '' Stone start photograph ) where 's the radio operator ! ~ hey , macauliff} ( feckulite turn to he scotty , come on , quick ! I want to send a message } henry ( interrupt ) nothing do , no private message , ' skebly what do you mean , private ! I be go to send it to the whole worldl sorry , skeely , ' this be army information , - I will have to wait for authority to let you file a story , ° of skeely - - ( beside himself ) you have get you sutperi ty , fr '' the conbtitutlon or the United staheat i '' ball thevdedt ep ps pregst I be sen my story captaini not by * | i / : henry . . , all pighb , send 46 . but nob from / by ship ' 26 15 ( continued ) skeely glare at hit in fustrate fury . Henry ignore skeely 's rage , and turn to macauliff , : henry ( cont would ) call hendrix .. have he wire fogarty we have find a fly disc = intact ~ imbed in the ice - and we be go to get it out $ macauliff yes , sire he start for the plane - skeely at he heel . keely ( urgently ) looky , scotty ! this be the biggest story since the réd seal a ship from another planet } you can not cover it upl have 4 heart ! think what this mean to the world ! — magauliff I be not work for the world . imm work for the army , and I have get my order , skeely ( furiously ) even the Russians would not act like this } he start back toward Captain Henry . olson . ( to carrington ) what do you make of that , Arthur ? it certainly do not look like 20,000 ton of steele é carrington not 9ven a ton , I would saye for daring the above , axe have arrive . five of the man start hack feverishly through tha ice , nikki stand beside carrington , Captain Henry join the man chopping on the oes thd little group on the witideswept snow work silently and desperately to remove the four foot cover of ice from the saucer . i : = . '' ' chapman : ( soutne up to carrington ) , what a¢ you think it 's make of , / axthur : / 27 45 , ( continued ) carringion no element we know on this carth . nikki ( excitedly ) I do not see any door or window in ite carrington they must be underneath . olson ( peer ) TI can not make out any engine . carrington I doubt if wetll find anything ' we call a engine ' sxeery ( arrive out of breath ) what planet do you figure it 's e from , Doctor ? carrington not this one . skeely must be Mars , that 's the only one that 's suppose to be inhabitad , be not it ? for '' garrington I 'il be able to answer you qyestion a little more oupatdely after I have examine he interior of the craft and its occupant , if any . skeely grab a axe ani run toward the chopping groupe ft nikki proupant | they must be dead , think , / ' 4 '' qarrington Dead ‘or}alive = we will learn a i great many thing we do not know i in - the world , now . ~ oo ' '' the group 16 swinging axe . Captain honry suddenly stop digging , hoe nar at the sun , look at he watch rare ~ '' ( gonrmuve ) 28 48 . ( gonlinued ) ° . henry ( to dyke ) we can not make it , Eddie . the light ' 11 be go in a hour . the temperature 's drop , too , I think . ' eddie ( look toward the horizon ) that storm front 's movifig in fast . but we can not quit . we have get to keep go ! it 's from marst henry Im not go to try a '' instrument landing on skis in ' the dark ~ and kill off everybody . eddie ( eagerly ) we can dig for another half hour , Pat . — henry if 's they get that close '' I 'il never get they back in fhe ship . they be so excited now they do not know they be half frozene eddie / ( excitedly ) 's look , Pat '' I féel°fine . I will stay here all night . just peave I a sleep bag and some mhiskeye : . . henry ( sudden ) y} I get a thermite bomb on the sled . go get it . we will melt the 1 away . fei eddie sa / ( axe in hand ) net wonderfull what a braini . '' ' t 1 he run toward the sleds at the same moment : one of the digger cry out ) : : for ; ( pke in hand ) i. / here 's\a piece in 's the openl | / we have uncover ith | '' 18 ( continued ) 29 the scientist and the axe wielder run over to barne , Captain Henry come over . Dr. carrington drop to he kmee and examine a two foot metal edge protrude from the ice . carrington May I have a file , please ? barne here 's one . he remove a file from he heavy clothes . the group watch as - Dr. carriginton start use the file on the protrude edge of the saucer . chapman what 's it look like , Arthur ? carrington ( hit the file against it } I do not know , probably a alloy . itil try and get some filing . we can analyze they tonight . ( he look up and smile at the group watch he ) we have not much time . I suggest you all continue with vour excavating | henry no need to . we have get a themmite bomb . 7 carrington 5 ( pleased thermite !. oh , .excellent $ hei stop filing and rise . he stand stare down at the machine in the ice . lieut , dyke arrive with a thermite bomb , a length of wire and a plunger . macgaulirf come / run up atthe same moment '' macauliff i ( panting ) they 'rei relaying the messase to fogarty now . we ought to have a answer in a hour - it get some news back from hendrix . . the barome far fall down to the cellar and a '' " ( continued ) 15 ( continued ) 30 freeze be come up like nobody 's business . he say to watch oute henry : I be watch . drill a hole for that bomb , Eddie . skeely ( move into the group in time to hear the last remark ) a bomb ? be that safe ? dyke ( as he dig the hole , barne assist ) it 's s.0.p. Standard operate procedure for remove ico . it just melt it . barne it will uncover the whole saucer in thirty second . nikki I be so excited , I be almost sick to my stomache henry ( to dyke ) that 's deep enough , Eddie . Tho light 's go faste ; carrington for ( softly ; as he continue to | , stare at the mtal mass at he foot ) , five minute from now will may have the key to ' the star . a million year of history be wait in that ioe for use 7 dyke all sot , pate henry clear the field , mac. macauliff ( oalling ) ' over here = everybody . keep together ( condenued ) { sah ee oes '' 15 ( continued ) 31 the crew and scientist and nikidi move across the ice , lead by macauliff , Eddie uncoil a hundred foot of wire and walk with it . Captain Henry stand in the increase wind - surveying the dimly outline ship in the ice henry ( raise he arm ) let she go , Eddie . Eddie pross the plunger . there be the normal thermite bomb explosion . a glow of the thermite flare and diese eddie ( call out ) oeke , folksy she 's clear . before anyone can move there be a muffle explosion and a second flare start under the ice . gradu ~ ally though glare build up . the whole ico field become illuminate from beneath by a unbearable light . - the. onlooker be . foreed to turn . they eye away , all save carrington , and honry who continue to stare at ite a chorus of exclamation and query fj ' wise from the groupe _ ad lib i mnat be it ? ' what happen '' secondary explosion ? Don ! ts look . saiel¢-your.eyesd .. '' how can it burn - - in the ice ? chain peaction + from the thermite ! ete. ie pyr gpabb seein . 's arm ) '' h : é a no man 's arm , '' waa '8t happen to ite tell I ) dool ( glowly ) ~ | itm afraid it 's disintegrate : «-totallys ager . ( coneinued ) i | '' : '' ' 4 32 15 ( continued ) carrington ( he face tense ) secret - that might have give we a new science . gonel Captain Henry stand aghast as the wild burn consume the ship under the ice . he see its outline run and vanish . skoely come up to hime skeely ( raging ) Standard operate procedure , you blind ape ! you have destroy itl carrington '' i. should : have think - I should have ' thought . skeely you sure should ! the great discovery in history up in flame ! Fine work ! ( he wheel on Henry ) the army can be vroud of itself - turn a whole civilization into a fourth of July piece . even the Indians act smarter toward Columbus ! chaphan not a shred leave . every bit of it go - and we know nothing - nothing . carrington we know one thing ... what it be make of . obviously a magnesium alloy . chapman that 's righte ' only magnesium would react to heat that way . skeely '' ( bitterly ) splendial there 's a story for I . / , ( quote ) solentist learn magnesium burn ! ( continued ) wa 15 ( continued ) 33 dyke ( to Henry ) want I to mark the spot - so we ean find it after the storm ? Captain Henry have be stare into the wind -swept ice . he have stand silent under skeely 's abuse . henry ( to dyke ) later , Eddie . first , I want you to bring up all you pick and axe . Mac , I want you geiger counter . and bring the dog sled . macaulti . te} F where to ? henry TI see . something under . the ice about ~ fifty foot from here . the flare light it ude he hold the geiger counter in front of he and start walk slowly . carrington , ericson , barne , dyke and skeely move along at he side . the other straggle behind , macauliff lead the dog team . carrington what be it , Captain ? henry I do not mow . it be shape like a man , but it might have be a piece of the disk dyke a man ! you mean somebody get out of that saucer ? henry probably throw out when it orash rf if 16 a mane ' ( continued ) i 15 ( continued ) 34 carrington ( gesture toward the counter , which be click ) it 's radio active . I imagine it must be a fragment from the saucere henry maybe . it be sure man-shape , though . carrington ( with grow excitement ) good work , Captain . we may salvage something yet . skeely ( point at the counter ) it 's get louder . more to you leave , I think . 4 ' dyke . ( point off ) there it be ! there ! he point to a ice bank . dimly visible in the ice be a two legge shapee skeely be this a story ! the man from Mars ! ._. macauliff ( excitedly ) it 's get leg - and a heade I can see ' eme : nikki it ist it 's a man ... it really be ! there be a ad lib chorus of excited remark from the otherse ad lib there = see it ? look ~ right by that boulder ! it 's a animal . no = it 's a man most be cight foot long . i etoe ' ( continued ) 15 ( continued ) 35 eddie how come it 's freeze im the ice - if it be throw clear ? henry ( chopping at the ice ) same as the saucer . get molt ine skeely ( shopping at the ice ) how about use some thermite ? henry shut up ! the man continue to swing they axose acauliff have step into @ small 's depression in the ice and be close to the figure they be try to extricate . the ice surround it have become flaw from they blow , and the figure it contain be practically invisible . barne ( chopping ) I can not see it at all now . skeely hurry up , boyse I can not wait . ( ( to henny ) sure hope it ' be not a mirage . henry no mirage . it 's there all right . eel , - barne . 5 . what do it look like in the flare ? : henry you will : believe it when you see ite. ae '' macaulief | ( from below ) hey :- | a : es '' henry what 's wrong : mao ? : - tf . . 16 ( continued ) 16 macaulifp ( staggering away from the block they have carve out ) itm sick to my stomach . I sink my pick right into its skull - something green ooze out . eddie no harm do . it be dead anyway ericson the light 's go , Pat . we have not get time . henry you be right . barne hey , look . 's the whole block 's come loose } carrington ( nodd ) recently form ice . separate easily . henry all right - everybody on it . we will load ' the whole slab onto the sled , they load the block onto the dog sled , and start haul it across the ice field . dissolve to : ext , polar camp . the light be almost gone , the C +54 appear in the lowering sky . it fly erratically inj the increase wind . the plang makeg a precarious landing on ita skis , the rise gale buffete , and almost overturn it . a half dozen bundle eskimos come out of the camp and move toward the ! plane . + .. hl ! barne , Eddie and macauliff pile out . they help nikki and the scientipt alight . in the half dark , the passengé star} across the wind - blast snow toward the camp . they ' move with difficulty . inaudible in the gale . ou — '' word be 57 16 ( continued ) 16a 17 macauliff gesture the eskimos toward the plane . they climb in , Captain Henry and Eddie bring out the dog and a sled . the block of ice , half cover by a tarpaulin , be drop from the plane 's door , work in the icy blast now sweeping the dark , the man move the ice~block onto a sled . other tie the plene down , tether it to stake pound into the ice , with the plane tie down , the party start for the canlp . the dog draw the sled with the ice-block on it , dissolve to : exterior entrance to storeroom a series of step have be cut through the snewbank out side the storeroom entrance . the ice -block be unload from the sled and bump down the steep step . int . store room it be a dimly light room , pile with barrel of scientific equipment . it have the look of a gloomy well stock cellar . versus the tee-block be sly into a clear space in the middle of the room . barrel and box be move to make more room around it , all the group assist . henry ( to Eddie ) send the eskimog. away . 4 eddie they have hot foote it already , it 's go to take a lot of coax ..to : get they back . oo macauliff anyone , get . some whiskey ? : vcs smuee , eddie . ( porin among jgome box ) : '' / here '' i@ whole bar room he remove a pobtie and starta open it . ' 38 17 . ( continued ) a barne ( to Henry , nervously ) what do we do now , unveil he ? henry nothing to see through the ice . ( to carrington ) can you turn off the heat in this room , Doctor ? carrington ( softly ) if it 's necessarye eddie what dtyou mean , turn off the heat . it 's fifty below outside . carrington I suggest we discuss we procedure before we take any further step .- a - henry ( to Eddie ) open the window , Eddie , ; Eddie stare at he and climb up to the window , laurenz ( full of tension , he eye on the tarp cover block for of ice ) we ere waste time , captaint we must melt it out . investigatet / examine} henry we be not melting it out . eddie ( from the ladder top ) the window 's close . henry punch 2 hole in its nadie break : the window laurenz ' this a stupid ! ' criminalf the of a universe . be in 7 ( continued ) 39 carrington ( quietly ) it 's almost certain that we will be call in by the army to make a study of it later , Captain . laurenz you can not fly the thing to dutch harbort this storm may last for week . no human can walk in it . henry itm sorry , gentleman , I will wait instruction from General fogarty . skeely ( quietly ) I think you be make a crazy decision . there 's no army precedent for how to treat a martian . and nobody be better qualified to take we visitor apart than this gentleman of science you could not ask for more geniuse at a autopsy henry it 's stay in the ice . laurenz you be behave like a meddlesome ophomore , Captain Henry 's there pe organism that survive after . / deathe cold may destroy them redding ( quietly ) they may be dangerous organisnis . dise se '' garme from ' another ' planet . we 'rg : not prepare medically to cope with they . laurenz mye be absolute nonsense , redding ! . redding henry ~ yosy »| ie feel Lane of footie : in ing disappear in a : '' ohoud = of sttgke dike that saucer gide . > wo ek 17 ( continued ) . be laurenz ( to carrington ) Arthur , you be in charge of this post . vorhee we have every right to proceed selentifically . carrington . ( control himself ) Captain Henry , I can only urge you in the interest of human knowledge to permit we to examine the body in there - laurenz ' ( excitedly ) '' we dontt anne to be pepmittedt we have thirty man in this camp all armed . ' henry you request be deny , Dr. carrington . that ice- block and what 's in it ls army property , . and this be a military installation . as heac of the military here , I be take over» '' skeely per siad lew , eht . ; henry - / tntiy I receive instructiona from / my superior - officer on what to ao ~ we will mark . time , I be post : to | quand. to , keep . everybody : out» ' end . = @verpypody !s hand off ~ in the mean 7 I '' '' carrington ( softly ) : ' copeaee ' raney ‘he. do what he : consider right . wo \( to Henry ) '' it 's |difficult for I tomark time with such amazing informa '' wa lot g for rb ‘yo ! ut " declalon : I suggest ( bhi ' use the , of : we electri keep / arm . will you get ‘him one , Fred . / a meniianie seuniee node , 1 40 41 17 ( continued ) henry thanks . how do we get to you radio room ? carrington itll show you , ( he start out ) skeely ( excitedly ) the radio room ! I be get senile ! I forget all about it . skeely start out , wo eddie mind if I have a last peek at '' we pal , '' '' he go to the icesblook , and pull off the tarpaulin , the dim twomlegged shape be blurringly visible inside the block . . come on , Eddie . eddie ( stare at the frost icesvake ) I cantt quite make it out yet , but I lmow one thing , they dontt breed tem for beauty on mars. i : the rest of the group leave through the inner door ) we stay with Ken , . he stand alone in the cellar , lean against a barrel , he pick up a whiskey bottle and take a swigy ' then '' he &pyroaéhes the block of ice , 'o he stare into it for a moment and back away '' he remove he gun from its holster , and resume he place lean against the barrel , he eyé nérvously on thé ice=blook . : int , underground corridor - ' common g os i 1s led by dra artingtony the ' group move 's do at down the shadowy length . . sk ely be King @s he walk . beside . sorbet Henry . . ' | as llenioe 's of : sts and army man ) 42 '' 18 ( continued ) 19 skeely ( conttd ) can you imazine what 's go to heppen when this story hit the headline ! everybody who own a sled be go to start for the North pole for a look at the man from Mars . gentlemen , youtll be do a bigger business than coney Island in a weekl ! what a shame , het deadl a interview with a live martiant that would have be something , eh? look , Captain , you have get to let this boy get at that corpse as soon as possible . we reader will be wait for detail . you be liable to give the whole nation a nervous breakdown . int , radio room the entire communication equipment of the post be house here . a step -ladder lead to a trap - door which in turn lead to a small observation tower above the radio room . sitting at the radio control be ezra hendrix , the operator . the group enter , ezra be a stocky young man . he be full of excitement as he turn to the arrival . ezra itm use full power . the lousy pole be shoot electricity all over ' the place . henry itm gaptain Henry . any message for I ? ezra . yes. , come through a few minute ago . ( he read from a '' plece of paper ) fogarty to Henry . remove fly saucer from ice at once . use thermite berib’ to melt she out . erect temporary structure . to protect find until my arrival with ataff chief , ' ( ' png {oo be = bea 4 ee se i , thats what I like about the army . smart - all the way to the top . | ' ; ( to Henry ) well . Captain , that give you a chance to pag the buck om that thermite deal , > ( continued ) '' 49 ( continued ) as henry ( ignore he ) will you send this to General fogarty ? skeely make it short , will you , Captain ? ' there 's a hundred and fifty million people hold they breath - henry ( to ezra ) Henry to fogarty , Flying saucer completely destroy by thermiite bomb , due to unforeseen composition of ship . have remove dead passenger from wreck ... '' ezra ( as he tap the key ) you get a martian ? where be he ? skeely on ice , buddy , hurry it up - I have get a flash for you , - ( tapping ) the static 's knock we out of the air . henry keeping dead body in block of ice , carrington want permission to remove and examine wait you ' instruction before further action , that 's all , 7 skerly ; ( eagerly ) /0 . k , cosmopolitan Press Office , New yorl ' gity . you can clear through edmonton . try + we bureau there . ( he dictate ) with carrington expedition , North pole - the world have a new visitor today , a two legge creature from Mars . : c. carrington Le you be be a little premature , Mr , skeely , that have not be establish , ' skeely { you cah un - establish it - if I be wrong , doctor i i ( continued ) 44 19 ( continued ) ezra it 's dead , skeely ( angrily ) I know it 's dead , ezra I mean the sender , nothing 's go out . skeely keep click , man} it can not quit on you now } another telegraph click sound come through . ezra something 's come in . he start write . carrington ~~ it will alter we situation , Captain - if we can not get through to you General , henry the situation remain as it be - until we do . ezra ( read from the paper on which he have be write ) everything ground - can not join you . want you to - ( he look up ) the rest be scramble , Captain , can not pick it up . : henry he do not get my message ? ezra do not look like it , we be a weaker station than the one at you base , Captain , . I may be able to pick they up = if they keep send - but we outgo stuff be hopeleg , ( continued ) 19 ( continued ) 20 skeely lteokie ! you can not stopt itve get to get this story through , sen t anyway . somo ham may pick it up = there 's million of they , send ith ( to Henry ) Pat , how about head back for dutch Harbor ? henry I do not think we can get as far as the plane ~ in this wind . sksely ( desperately , as he lean over ezra ) keep hit it , pall somebody ! 1l get it + somewhere , keep click ... ezra click desperately away on he instrument , ' the group stand wait and silent . dissolve to : int , bedroom of the post , night this be a large dormitory with cot bed in it , lining the wall . Henry , Eddie , barne and skeely be in the room . skeely be with dice up and down , peer out of the window at the storming night . . / Eddie sit , on a cot . barne be curl up on another cot . Henry be dt a window , look out , eddie you know something ? this scientist here remind I of the time I be stick on bulan Island with the hundre and sixteenth , a army nurge come ashore one day and create a disturbance similar to this martian , barne ( from he cot ) what happen to she , Lieutenant ? a ( covpmusp ) , 46 20 ( continued ) eddie nothin ! she do not like . I be just wonder if the professor will try to rush we , Pat . henry ( grimly ) might relieve the monotony if they do , eddie I would hate to have to shoot dcwn seventeen of the world 's great geniuse , you know something ? henry what ? ' eddie they be kid , all of they , nine year old drool over a new fire engine . scientistsal do you notice that two deuble deme who start cry - when we leave the table ? skeely ( suddenly ) this storm be get worse , Captain , henry yes , it 's toss eround some , skeely there 's only one thing we can do - dog sleds } we can wrap ' General fogarty up and take he along . : ; eddie fogarty ? skeely 3 that 's 's my name for we pretty boy from Mars . he have the same dubious relation the a human be as that pot-belly clam in dutch harbor Dog sleds , Captain , be we only , solution , no henry solution to what ? '' ~ skeely : get out of here - will could make the base in five day ~ { ce ( continued ) 20 ( continued ) ay henry cut the yammer , will you . I have get enough on my mind , it 's death outside , the storm will knock off even the polar beara , the door open and macauliff enter , macauliff het go crazye eddie who ? , macauliff fogarty . eddie which one ? macauliff be you nut ? there 's only ono fogarty . eddie there 's two now . skeely 's baptize we martian with the same name , henry what about the General ? macauliff incoming stuff be pretty jamme , but itve figure 's it to read there 's be a peak in Washington , News of we find as make the papers . Congress and the / President and a lot of other top brass want further detail . henry they be not pick up anything from we ? magauliff not a cracklos ' . skeely laugh . henry { ( frown ) «~ what 'si the joke , skeely ? a . ( cowrent ) 48 skeely ( chuckle ) a picture of my editor just cane the I ... tear up and down he office - break window and yell for skeely , I can almost hear he , he 's liable to shoot himself by mid - night . the door fling open , Navigator Ken ericson enter , he be ina high state of agitation , ( loudly ) where 's barne ? barne ( sit up ) what 's up , Ken ? for y ( violently ) it 's eleven five , you be suppose to relieve I at cleven . henry ( sharply ) youtve leave you postt ( wildly ) he 's late . he be suppose to come at eleven , é ) henry shut uph ken ( desporately ) I can not take it any longer , Captain , henry take what ? fog you oah see it now } the ice have clear we . it 's get crazy hand ) no oar , and a lot of eye , they be all opent I turn a flash on it '' and it look like 's it be moving and I light out ; my : ! ( cont tnued ' 20 . ( continued ) henry get badk to you post , ken ( slowly ) oo . ke henry barne will be right along . ken ow ke henry get going ken yes , sir . he turn and walk slowly out of the room . skeely I be go to have a look , henry youtro stay out of there , skeely - along with everybody else , put on you fly suit , barne , and get in there before Ken 's start have kitten . for barne ( pull on he electrically / heat fly suit ) ' thatts the first squawk I have hear out of Ken since ploesti , I do not like it . skeely all I go .is to verify what I know + about | Atta be four-ey , eddie he wit say four eye , he atta ! . / henry { nevermind what he , say ... I be barring all civilian , | skerly yout rei '' retog . a little seurty : about| this ott hing , Captain Henry , . 4 } 4 ( moos cai S e 49 50 o ( continued ) : barne I will not need the electric blanket '' if I get this suit plugge in . so in case you care to send I any company , I could make they comfortable , Captain . henry I will relieve you myself at 2 asm and do not leave you poste eddie Pat 's right , barneye if you give they a chance , that scientist will have he out + waltzing with hime '' barne oks , Captain . I will expect you at 2 aeme | henry right . barne open the door . nikki be in the doorway . she be dress in a fetching look outfit . barne ( pass she ) good evening , miss nicholson . . nikki hellos May I come in ? henry é ( coolly ) é we be a bit untidy . nikki ( smile at he ) dreadfully unsocial atmosphere around , even for the North pole . yf ' fi} henry i it 's sorry to have contribute to you gloom , miss nicholson '' oe ! ntkrt lite nicolson ! 's fs that what | vhappenb under martial law '' ; , everybody lose they nickname ? it bow ( 60 8/29/50 51 20 ( continued ) henry ( stiffly ) you want to see I about anything in particular ? nikki no . I be have a drink - all by myself in my room ... and play the phonograph . and for suddenly feel I be be very selfish , all that lovely music , only for I . henry ( smile at she ) want company ? nikki that 's what rtmy hint at , mistah Henry . henry ( to Eddie ) T will be in miss nicholson 's quarter if anything come up . skeely I take it miss nicholson 's quarter be also out of bound for civilian . henry during army occupation only . he move nikki through the door , int . corridor outside nikkix room nikki and Captain Henry approach it , they walk in silence , nikki open the door , int . nikki be room and office henry ( a bit sarcastically ) you sure you trust I with little you all alone in you bedroom ? nikki yes , I think I can , : henry very manly . you ought to wear pants . ( continued ) 8/29/50 52 22 ( continued ) nikki ( giggle ) oe henry ( hand she a drink ) outside of that news , what 's on you mind , nikki I want a favor . henry uh = huh .» nikki ( produce a bathrobe cord ) I want to tie you hand behind you back . henry ( in a sudden temper ) oh , for = look , you ask I in here - I do not break down the door = why make a production of -- nikki please , Pat . I say it be a pavoree . henry ( grudgingly ) all right , then . but no practical joke . promise ? nikki I promise , ( indicate chair ) here . sit here . and put you hand around the back , henry ( obey ) the Secretary of Defense will never understand this . . nikki ( as she tie ) it 's all very simple . first there 's a boogyman in a cake of ice down in the cellar , I have get a small case of jump , and I want company . ' henry be thig the way you usually entertain / you company ? not nikki : : ( she '' have finish tie he hand ) how about 's a drink . 22 ( continued ) / / . . henry . / unie my honey y é ' 8/29/50 53 henry I would love it . and a long straw , please , nikki ( pick up a glass and hold it for Henry while he drink ) second , I want you to know that out on the ice today , I notice the way you jump in between I and the explosion ...» henry ( patiently ) could we get to the point ? why be I tie up ? nikki because I want to tell you how much I admire you without get fingerprint all over my clavicle . henry ( sourly ) thanks for the compliment , both of they . nikki another drink ? henry after you . nikki itm go to have a straight one . but do not get you hope up . liquor do not make I athorous . henry ( as she toss of a drink ) it ought to , nothing else do . nikki ( eyeing he steadily ) I like the way you handle yourself today , pate and I like the way you stand up to all the big wig , and refuse to let they play around with the + with the thing . fe henry : you like everything about I , but I , be that 16 ? : : t : nikki i no . I like you , too .. in , fact , I be go ... . ‘to kiss , you . 4 ae 8/29/50 sh 22 ( continued ) lo nikki noe I be go to kiss you , not wrestle yous henry ( mutter ) talk about japanese torture ~ nikki kiss he briefly and precisely . nikki that be very nice . henry be it ? nikki very . ( she pour herself another drink ) see what a good time we can have when you be force to behave yourself , henry nikki , what you dontt know about make love would populate the whole interior of Australia , nikki I will learn . when I be good and ready ( giggle ) they say it come naturally . henry untie I now ? nikki not on you life , ( she kiss he again ) admit it , Pat . this be a great idea . look at you ~ sit talk to I like a civilized man instead of grab around like a ithrowback . why , if you be not tie up , I would not have dare tell you how much i’ like yous . ! / henry ( produce a cigarette ) get a light ? : { a ‘( continued ) es ys 8/29/50 55-56 22 ( continued ) : nikki ( automatically strike a match and lighting he cigarette ) you see , you trouble be you do not know anything about woman . you have no - no technique . what a woman like be to + she stop and stare at Henry 's hand , which be rest quietly in he lap . henry among other thing you do not know be how to tie a knot , ( he stand up and grin at she ) it 's very likely because the only knot you have on you mind be marital one . good-night , miss nicholson . he go oute dissolve se int . storeroom a faint light from the underground hallway come through a transom . barne enter . the electric blanket discard by Ken lie on a nearby pack case . it be plugge into the electric light socket , hence no light in the room . barne snap on he flashlight and get a bottle of whiskey out of another case , open it , and take a long swig . he lean over and plug he fly suit into the other half of the double ~ socket share by the elegtric blanket 's plug . he take another drink and , sit in the semi-dark , start whistling " ragtime cowboy Joe , " suddenly he stop whistling and laugh . barne ( self -mock ) whistle in the dark , be not you , barne ? oe he lift the whiskey bottle again , then sit stare toward the ice - encase mummy . , barne ( cont would ) ( suddenly ) all right , let 's see what you look like , sonny boy =~ t . ( continued ) % 57 23 ( continued ) he switch on he flashlight , and center its beam on the ice-block , as ericson say , the ice be now almost transparent . through it , only partially distort , can be see a unearthly horror . it have a bulbous head , a tiny suck - hole for a mouth , multiple eye , no ear . its arm be extra-long , end in thorny cluster , rather than hand . it stare malevolently through the ice . barne let out a grunt of dismay , and turn the flashlight sway . barne whew ! he drink again , and then start make himself comfortable . he use a bag of fhour for a pillow , and prepare to stretch out on - the floor . abruptly he shine the flashlight on the ice again . barne ( angrily ) quit stare at I ! he see the blanket lie on the nearby pack case . he pick it up , and throw it over the ice-cake . barne I could go nut look at you ... he lie down , put he head on the flour sack and take a magazine from he pocket prepare to read . the camera move to the electric blanket now cover the ice-cake , then follow the electric connection down to the indicator affix to the cord . the £ndicator hand point to the " full on " position . ( continued ) 58 23 ( continued ) 24 25 26 27 after a moment , the camera move back to the floor beneath the ice block . a slow drip have commence . the sound of the rise storm outside obscure the pit-pat of the drop hit the floor . a small puddle start to form . dissolve to ; the puddle it be now a large puddle , very large . the camera pan across the wet floor , and discover the puddle be close to barne ! leg . close shot - barne - he be have difficulty read . his flashlight have start to wane . he snap it on and off , experimentally , the battery be nearly dead , barne aim it at , the print page once more , then decide it be useless for the time be . he snap it off , and stretch himself out more comfortably . a splinter of light from the hallway outside still illuminate the scene . close shot of puddle it continue to grow . the howl of the storm outside do not lessen , dissolve to : stairwell outside storeroom the form of a slied dog appear . it stand poise at the top of the step for a instant , point eagerly at the storeroom window . it be join by three or four more sled dog . they start to bark angrily , they snout still aim at the storeroom window , they run down the stairwell and press they muzzle against the storeroom door . t will 59 interior storeroom close shot of barne he be sleep . the bark and eager whining of the dog can now be hear over the storm noise outside , the camera pan down to barne ! leg . the puddle have reach they , and , as we look , they stir slightly , cause a little splatter of water . barne abruptly sit up into the picture . barne ( stare into the darkness at he foot ) what the «- at this moment , a move shadow fall across he face . he look up quickly . a expression of pure terror appear on he face . he scream eerily , spring to he foot , and jerk out he . revolver . he fire six time , then , still scream , jump for the storeroom door , the cord from he fly suit snap out of the fixture and trail behind he . he yank open the door and run into the corridor . int . corridor barne race down the corridor , yell at the top of he lung ! , barne / tt 's alive ! it 's alive ! it 's alive ! int . MAIN corridor as barne appear , still yell , door have begin to pop open . Captain Henry , pyjama-clad , gun in hand , come run out of he room and grab barne . the other ! inmate , in various stage of undress , tumble out into the hallway only minute later . barne continue to shriek incoherently , : ay ° henry . '' | ( shaking barre ) : shut up ! cut it out ! : ( he slap barne , who jdtop scream , and sstand sobbing with . terror ) now ! what - be it ? what - happen ?. > the 6 60 30 ( continued ) ~ barne ( almost in shock ) it - it - 1 '' come after I ! it 's alive , I tell youl henry ( sharply ) do you fire that shot ? barne ( stare past he ) I shot it - six time - it keep on come at me henry ( release barne and wheeling to dyke , '' ericson and macauliff ) sound like some joker 's loose . come on . bring you gun . he start for the storeroom , we Eddie , Ken , and Mac follow . : chapman ( to Mrs. chapman , indicate barne ) esther , better give this lad a sedative . I will be right back . he start up the hall . carrington appear in he doorway . for carrington ( join chapman ) do I hear right ? the boy say ' it be alive ? 4 chapman ( nodd ) probably have a bad dream . S , nikki : so ‘( call after | ' carrington ) : wait for I , Arthur . carrington you stay here , nikki . i stop and face I the group in the : ' i corridor ) I would appreciate it if you would all . wait in the live room until ] / we can\check this nightmare ... / thanks '' : ? oo ( continued 30 ( continued ) 31 61 he continue down the corridor , chapman follow '' int . storercom . Henry lead the way into the room . he snap on a light , and stand stare at the electric blanket in the puddle of water . ( blankly ) go ~ dyke that double -dome ! they steal it . ericson no , the kid say it be alive ! e I know it - all the time I be here - I could feel it ! dyke nut ! how would it get out of the ice ? for answer , Pat indicate the electric blanket . : : henry somebody throw a hot blanket on it . y dyke ' I know who , that six - year old for einstéin , that 's whos carrington 's and chapman have appear in the doorway . carrington what ata we do , Lieutenant ? é ( turtousty ) swipe the freak , husthed 1t off somewhere to fake be apart , eee whe £ 1 carrington t aseliire you , Lieutenant '' 0 62 '' $ 1 . ( continued ) : chapman ( suddenly ) sh - he listen ! all head be turn toward the open door . over the whine of the wind they hear a chorus of savage bark and growl . henry the sled dog - ericson he 's out there - chapman they will tear he to piece ! abruptly , carrington brushes through the group , and dart out into the howling night . he be clad only in he pajamas - and bathrobe . dyke Doctor ! stopt chapman Arthur - be you mad ! Henry curse under he breath and charge in pursuit . locate carrington with he flashlight , he bring he down with a fly tacklé . carrington struggle to escape Henry 's grasp , but Henry succeed in lead he back into the storeroom . the storm noise have make they exclamation inaudible . ' ; i " henry ( gant ) '' <0 Mac + get fly suit - hurry - macauliff run out . '' garrington : ( aso wind ) [ : if you please ~ Captain ~ you : may release I now ~ : ui ( continued ) '' S a 31 ( continued ) henry ( do so ) that be a pretty stupid move - for a genius . dyke you would have be freeze to death in five minute ! carrington ( apologetically ) too much zeal , I be afraid . forgive I , gentleman . chapman ( peer into the night ) over there - I see something ! henry put out the light . dyke snap off the storeroom light . the four man gaze intently into the dark night . Henry turn on he flashlight . skeely enter the storeroom . skeely ( excitedly ) where be it ? be it really alive ? can it talk ? who else see it beside barne ? that be you do ? be it out there ? speak to I , somebody ! henry shut up . ( he listen and iook for another moment ) they be still bark . carrington ( speak through numb lip ~ he voice shivery ) if only the dog follow it . we will never find it otherwise . skeely ( be howl of dismay ) do not ' tell I you have lose it . you bungling army boob . this be worsé than Pearl Harbor ! ccanmtittte ny a 32 31 ( continued ) macauliff enter , carry fly suit . macauliff here you be , Pat . . henry grab one , Eddie . carrington May I have one , Captain ? skeely I , tool henry ( dress hurriedly ) Army personnel only . skeely ( through he tooth ) wait till you see what I write about yous you will shoot yourself 3 henry ( zipping he suit up ) snap it up , boyse he grab he flashlight , and run out into the storme macauliff and dyke follow a second later . skeely , carrington , and chapman remain stare after theme ext . storehouse the army officer , lean against the iron wind , grope they way toward the bark dog . they flashlight be almost useless in the snow flurry raise by the gale they stop and confer for a second , they word . carry no further than the ear they be shout into . Henry point with he flashlight , and the trio alter course accordinglye suddenly a flashlight beam pick up some move form . all three flashlight center on the activity , but snow flurry continue to intervene . dimly , a struggle can be discern , ! ( continued ) 65 . 32 ( continued ) 33 34 the officer move toward it . a sudden increase in the wind knock they down . they continue toward the bark and struggle , crawl on they hand and knee , medium shot of dog pack from henry's point of view the dog be tear et a figure in they midst . a sheet of fly snow blot out the scene . when it reappear , the figure be go . Henry , macauliff , and dyke crawl into the scene . two dog lie dead in the snow , a third be wounded so hideously that dyke shoot ite Henry signal he pal to pick up the dead dog . they each take one . Henry stop and examine the ground . he pick up two object , look around , then start back to the camp , dissowe to : int . dr . carrington' laboratory it be crowded with nearly all the member of the expedition . the scientist be range around carrington 's table , the other stand behind he . carrington be bent over the table . Captain Henry , macauliff and Eddie be immediately around hin . a bright beam of light be focus on the tablo center , hide from we eye as we come on the sceng the crowd around the table be silent and tense , as at some overwhelming dramatic performance , nikki stand beside the doctor , she be dress in pajamas and - a woollen robe . all the other in the laboratory be also hastily dress , some in bath robe and slipper , some in swoater and work pants , skeoly 's large . bulk be crowded behind Captain Henry , peer over he shculder . ( continued ) 34 ( continued ) carrington ( as he work ) can you describe what you saw , Captain ? henry ( quietly ) the dog have he down , tear at he . : macauliff I see he get up , with three dog on he throat . henry the cold 's blind . I could not make out the action , but when we get there two of the dog be dead eddie they look like they would be through @ chopper . mince moat 's : henry I find the hand under one of they , they must have tear it off . skeely how could dog tear off a hand ? carrington : ( softly ) this kind of a hand he be bent over the object on the table , look at it through a powerful lens . 35 tabie top on it lie a hand and part of a forearm , the hand have ten stringy look finger , twice though human length . they be stiffen and resemble a slightly arce set of thin imive more than fingerss , i olson sharp as razor , be not they ? ( continued ) i 35 ( continued ) 67 carrington ( study the knife finger ) yes =~ a sort of chitinous substance , skeely ( tensely ) . speak English - will youg carrington sométhing between a beetlet back and a rise thorn , skeely thorn finger , eh ? carrington ( try to bend one of they ) amazingly strong . chapman they may be frogeny carrington I dontt think go . skeely well , we know cne fact about he , he 's dead now b carrington what be you opinion , Captain ? henry I - do not know he stay alive in a block of ice for twenty«four hour . ' macauliff after I would sink a pick into he skull . . henry 4nd he get up '' with twelve dog on he , ' olson ( bend over >- the table ) . . he alo that 's blood , on the : rnp lent aby Arthur ? | ( carrington yes ~ but not he blood . = 68 olson from the dog ? carrington have be work on the arm with a scalpele carrington therets no blocd in the arm , no animal tissue . have a look at this under the microscope , georgas he hand a bit of material to Dr , auerback , who adjust it under a microscope . carrington ( his. voice. soft. as , he continue 's he examination ) I doubt very much if it be dead . I doubt if it con die - as we understand dyinge skeely it 's bound to freeze to death outside eddie it get along all pight in a block of ice + for twenty - four hour . ' auerback ( from the microscope ) terial , . structure , rve..ont ' porousy , unpontioe ted , cullular i growth : . carrington I imagine that . ol ole srebey c5 sound . like . youtre try to . desopibe a vegetable , doctor . / auerback I atte | a titse carrington . ( ounen over : phe , handy , & 85 ( continued ) | a vege 69 nikki ( who have be write '' in she pad ) yes , doctore carrington that 's why the bullet fire into it by corporal barne have no effect . they merely punch a few hole into some vegetable matter macauliff wheat about the green stuff I see ooze out of its head ? carrington there ts some of it in the hand I think we will find it have a haga base . | henry like - plant sap ? carrington yose skeely ( excitedly ) you mean = its some kind of a super carrot , doctor ? for carringion a / cearrot that can construct a gap beyond ow terrestrial ntelligence , of material we — fhave not yet create ~ and guide it sixty million mile or more through space - fi macauliff but you dontt think it have any feeling , eh ? '' ' carrington tt jpag a intelligence beyond ours - possibly teoling equally , refine | _. Henry tis ) : able with a brain + a inkerteotue eta the viding . beale % 35 ( continued ) 8/29/50 70 carrington it should not . imagine how strange it would have seem in the pliecene age to forecast that worm , fish , and lizard that crawle over the earth be go to evolve ~ into we . on the planet from which we visitor come , vegetable life underwent a evolution similar to that of we own animal life , which would explain the superiority of its brain , its development be not handicapped by emotional or sexual factor , skeely Dr. carrington , you be a man who 's win the Nobel prize . you have receive every kind of international kudo a scientist can attain , if you be for sale I could get a million buck for you from any foreign government . tam not , therefore , go to stick my neck out and say that you be stuff absolutely clean full of wild blueberry muffins , but I promise you that my reader be go to think so , carrington ( smile ) not for long , Mr , - skeely .. in fact , not even for a moment if they happen to know anything about the flora of they own planet , . skeely you mean there be vegetable right here on earth that -~ that can think ? carrington a certain kind of think , yes . - do you ever hear of the telegraph vine ? or the acanthus century Plant ? skeely not recently . carrington the century Plant catch mouse , bata , squirrel =. any mammal small enough to evade its privacy .- it lure they ( cont would ) ' ( continued ) 35 ( continued ) 8/29/50 70 a carrington ( cont would ) with a bait of sweet syrup then it close like a fist and feed on the corpse of its catch , it be only a plant but its brain can obviously outwit a species far above it in the scale of mind as we measure they , skeely ( scribbling ) thanks , doctor , Ana what 's a telegraph vine ? carrington a vine that have prove beyond doubt that 1t can signal to other vine of its species twenty or one hundred mile away , if a insect migration , for instance , be move in 'a certain direction , it will devour the first vine but the second one , have be warn , will have alter its chemical structure so that the insect find it inedible , skeely ( still seribbling ) that 's one for ripley , carrington ( smile ) there be hundred of other example , no , Mr. skeely , intelligence in vegetable and plant be a old story on this planet of ours , older even than the animal arrogance that have overlook it . , ( to auerbach ) May I have you scalpel , George ? ( auerback hand carrington a surgical knife ) the palm seem soft , ( he cut it open ) olson ( look ) seed pod , ( continued ) 35 ( continued ) 8/29/50 708 carrington yes '' the neat and unconfuse reproductive technique of vegetation , cha pman no pain or pleasure as we know they . henry no heart . carrington none , we superior in every way , laurenz the absence of ear of the creature might indicate that it have a hearing system superior to ours , ~ redding or that it be deaf , carrington it probably neither hear nor see as we do ~ but receive magnetic impression , 72 " 36 ( continued ) voorhess we can safely presume that the planet on which it live be colder than ours and that its atmosphere be too thin to conduct sound wavese _ laurenz or that there be any oxygen in its air content - a planet would need none . redding it 's amazing how it be able to adjust itself to . the vitally alter condition of earth - and stay alive . laurenz it 's mystery will be explain when we '' communicate with it , ~ carringt on ( quietly ) perhaps -. before . he look at the seed in he hand . laurenz you think that seed be alive ? carringt on ( quietly ) that would be - too strange , do not you think ? he frown at laureng . laurenz ( quickly ) absolutely . thore be certain thing which be - impossible . henry ... - I think we be overlook | something . carrington what ii that , Captain ? \.. : cae ' henry what ! '- it 's do . +t t . '' i _ ( continued ) 85 ( continued ) , becausé it smell the dog and ' be hungr ys ' I would like a ha 72 skeely probably look for another block of ice to hide in . a vogetable wuld head for cold storage +.. instinctively . keep it from rotting . henry I do n't_think so . there 's no reason for it to stay out in that storm if it can move . and I see it move . voorhee it run out into the cold . 1 think we surmise that it require - a cold temperature be correct . laurenz obviously . ' that 's why the saucor try to land in we polar region . they correspond to the condition of its own planet . henry there might be another reason . its passenger could have want to keep they arrival secrete eddie what 's on you mind , Pat ? ' henry I have a idea it 's inside the camp . it head into the storm skeely ( stare ) Inside ithe camp ! gentlemen ~ what i’ would give - for a interview ! carrington ' I do not think it eat , Captain . there be no evidence of any animal digestive . system . i henry if it do not eat , it do somethings ( to the group ) £ dozen man to go along with lty dyke ' andme : we - do not , nged - gunss knivesy : club : and axe will be better ©... x # 35 ( continued ) 13 carrington I grant you it my have return to the camp ~ and hide itself on the premise , Captain . but there 's no reason to go aftor it - like a enemy . henry it do not look friendly ~ in the snow outside , doctor . carringt on ( softly ) it 's a stranger in a strange land - with strange - unearthly feature and attribute . Tho only crime involved be that that man and . nature havo committod against it . it crash in a air ship , be freeze in though ice , have its head split open by a pick , and be attackod by a pack of fierce dog , I see no reason to g¥ve it a bad character , Captain . henry ( grimly ) it wont after the dog . I be in charge of the search , doctor . and I be go to look for it , my waye : carringt on ( he voice rise ) it would be criminal vandalism to injure the visitor further . wo must find it - and troat it as we superior whoso brain '' if we can communicate with it - be full of unique and overwhelming knowledge . we must ~ ( ho break off and stare at the table ) skrely ( he eye on the table Holy Heaven ! it 's move t eddie it 's alive ~ look out ! ee seo the hand move on the table . its knife finger flex and unflex . Tho slice palm tighten into a fist and coonmrnreny 35 ( continued ) open again . some of though watcher step away from though table , a terror in thom . carrington remain bent over the hand . Captain Henry stay beside he . carringt on ( softly , as the hand move ) nikki - nikki ( faintly ) yes , doctor ~ carringt on ( dictating ) at two forty - five the hand become alive . the temperature of the forearm show a twenty degree rise . he be study a thermometer remove from the arm as he dictato . thoro be a hush . the only sound be that make by the knife finger beat on the table . during the hush , carrington take the surgical scalpel and cut he thumb . he hold the bleed thumb over the move hand . his blood drop on the forearm . Tho hand 's activity be increase . its , finger move more quickly as they for béat on the table top . carrington continue he dictating . I believe the activity due to the fact that the organism when it 's temperature rise be able to ingest the nourishment provide by the canine blood with which it wes covorodee . 36 corridor leading from kitchen six or seyen supply room open on this corridor . a search 's party ed by Captain Henry be in the process of examine ' that room . Henry carry a geiger counter with which he scan cach door before operieng it and swoep it with he flashlight . ( continued ) 75 %6 ( continued ) carrington , macauliff , dyke , taurenz , voorhoe , Stone and chapman comprise though rest of though search party . a with the oxception of carrington and skooly , who aro unarm , they carry a assortment of iceeax , iron rod , shovel and othor improvise weapon . skeely carry a camorae stone ( as honry search ) you sure you know how to use that camera , skooly ? skeely I run one of this thing on iwo jima . never get out of focus once , during the entire bombardment . , '' tne call ) hey , Captain - henry je what do you want ? skezly if will catch up with we pal T go a couple of hundred foot of film ... befor anyone start make @ salad out of he . carrington ( a touch sharply ) no one have any intention or injure he , Mr , skeely . : chapman and no chance of find he I would | bay he would never hide in the camp '' not after the reception barne give he . Henry have complete he inspection of the supply room . : : henry no dice in this end come on . he lead they away . dissolve doe 16 interior radio room a short corridor lead to a windowless chambor that house the camp 's generator . the Party with honry and he geiger countor in the van , cross the radio room , hendrix look up from he telegraphy . hen rix look like a lynching bee . what 's up ? macauliff ( kid ) we hear you get the Mars man hide back there . hendrix ( in alarm ) I what ! you mean it 's '' itt '' chapman Mr. macauliff be be amusing . . hendrix I do not want any part of that thing . in fact , I would like to go homo '' interior generate room honry 's flashlight probe its corner . henry's voice nothing . . as he close the door . dissolve to : a shadowy hallway the party move along . as it reach a doorway , honry 's geigor countor : begin to clicik . henry hold itt ( continued ) v7 39 ( continued ) 40 41 Ho movos toward though doorway Tho click of though countor incroasos . henry it 's in thero} Eddie '' Mac «= carrington ( with a small chuckle ) no , Captain . that 's the mineralogy lab . we have get radioactive isotope in thore . chapman you geiger reacting to a roomful of uranium ore sample . henry let 's check it anyway , dyke and macauliff stand besido he as ho push open the door and snap on the light . interior mineralogy lab save for the scientific paraphonalia that clutter it , it be empty . honry switch off the light . dissolve to : interior end of corridor the party have halt by a close door at the ond of the hallway . - henry ( try the door ) it 's look , ; chapman itm gorry ~ 1 forget . I will get though key . ho-vhurrioe awaaye . henry nothing else be lock ude what 's in here ? . , '' ( continued ) *s 41 ( continued ) 78 carrington the greenhouse . we have to keep it lock . the eskimos have a weakness for we strawberry , skeely ( ineredulously ) you what ? carrington ( amfling ) . strawberry . . voorhee we use artificial sunlight . it 's quite a garden . we raise we own tomato , asparagus , lettuce . dyke ( sharply ) shut up a minute ! carrington ( quietly ) what be it ? dyke ( hig ear at the door ) there '' something move inside , there be a silence ag everyone listen intently . carrington put he ear to the door , the group carrington . ( disappointed ) yes , I hear it , tt '' the ventilator , ' the fan need oiling . relax . x skeebly ( bitterly ) we have be through every crevice of the camp , '' if it 's not in there , we be cook , just think = we have lose a fly aaveer and a man from marg all inione day . what a bunch of : butterfiinger ! chapman enter . ( continued ) a vf 79 41 ( continued ) 42 chapman ( proffering the key ) here you be , Captain . Henry take the key and open the door , skeely ( ruminatively , as Henry be open the door ) I wonder what they would have do to Columbus if he would discover America , and then lose it . Henry open the door slowly . he aim he flashlight and snap it on . int . greenhouse Henry 's flashlight illumine the greenhouse for several moment , play over its plant and bush . honry switch on the artificial sunlight are . a queer glow suffusea the greenery , Henry enter , the other follow . they stand stare into the corner of the large room . it be empty and silant . chapman it 's empty . henry maybe . he start forward to examine the space conceal by the shrubbery . skeely and carrington move with he , henry ( stop ) stay here , please . near the door . he skeely my , you be big and brave . what be you go to do , catch he all alone ? henry '' I be still wait to sea if he wanta to catch ms , Eddie - Mac - come along . ( con tin ued ) 80 42 ( continued ) 43 44 the soldier trio make a rowma of the hothouse . Zhe _other wait , close shot of carrington he be watch tha move flyar . suddenly he seas something that bring a @lint of excitement to hig sya . he start to spaak , then reconsider and changss the incipient remark into a cough . medium shot group at door voorhee ( close to carrington ) what 's that , Arthur ? i carrington nothing . I just notice . the mendelson mold ar vitiate . , we must not neglect they . voorhee and laurenz look at carrington curiously . he shake he head imperceptibly , thay refrain from comment . Henry and he colleague complste they round of the sreenhouse , . henry well , that 's it , I guess . skeely yes , and to not it dandy . we be certainly go to ba a famous group . like the donner Party . : henry ( ignore he ) Dr. chapman be right . we pal be probably hole up in a ssnowbank , chapman ( nodd ) after all , hot lose a hand and have six bullet holea shot in he . Animal , vegetable or mineral , he must nose a rest . ( continued ) 81 44 ( continued ) the othar laugh . they mood be much lightor now , except for skeely , who stare morosely at the floor . henry we will start soarching outside as soon as it 's light . chapman we would better do it in relay , a half hour be about all you can stand in that cold now . henry good idea . report to Lt. dyke and he will arrange a schedule for you . ( he reach for the light switch ) come , gontlemen ? i carrington ( smoothly ) not right away , Captain . Doctor voorhse and Professor laurenz and I want to do some emergency work on that mold . goodnight , gentleman . there be a chorus of goodnight as the other move out . hanry stand look at carrington for a moment . henry kind of late to start work now , be not it ? carrington ( laugh ) it 's easy to ses you be no sciantist , Captain Henry . work be what we - do when we want to relax . Henry continue to study he for another moment . henry ( abruptly ) I see . goodnight , he go out . carrington quickly close the door behind he , ( contin ubd ) da 82 44 ( continued ) he bolt it . laurenz and voorhee watch he expectantly carrington turn and smile at they brightly . carrington the maccormick mold - look ! he point . llaurenz and voorhee regard the plant he indicate . carrington they be wilted , from cold . laurenz but it 's warm in here , carrington ( grin happily ) be not 1t ? so what do you conelude ? ( without wait for a answer he continue ) that mold would be in the direct path of a blast of icy air if that rear door be open . ' ten or twenty second of such a exposure , and they would will . I repeat , gentleman , what do you conclude ? voorhee ( point ) but the bolt have not be pull . how could the door ba open ? for answer carrington stride to the rear door . leave the bolt still in " shot " position , he turn the knob and pull . the door open . voorhee and laurenz move quickly to the door . the wind whistle about they as the thres scientist 3 xame though bolt . : insert clossup of ' bolt it have be cleanly severe . voorhee ! voice file clean through ! ( contin ued ) 83 44 ( continued ) back to group , carrington close the door , carrington ( as he do so ) not file , Andrew . cut . laurenz ( excited ) yes . of course . that razor- like finger on tha hand ! 1 voorhee but the power - to cut through that steel - like butter - carrington ( smile happily ) incredible . really incradible . laurenz ( he eyss darting around ths greenhouse ) then it 's be in here , carrington ( also scan he surroundings ) Beyond a doubt . voo rhee what 's that ? for laurenz where ? voorhee stand here . ses ? ( he point ) the storage bin . bee how the light glisten on it . carrington cross to a two and a half foot storage bin , and stare at it . ( con tin ued ) 84 close shot ~ storage bin its handle glisten strangely . back to group carrington touch the handle with he forefinger . it be coat with a viscous fluid . carrington rub it between he thumb and forefinger , then smell it . carrington a smear of sap - from the wounded arm . ( indicate the bin ) pull it down , plaase . Zaurenz and voorhess take hold of the bin and start to lift it to the floor . it fall from they grasp , voorhee look out ! the bin crash over on its side . a body topple out of it and crash at they foot . it ig the corpse of a dog . carrington kneel down and examine it . carrington ( feel the dog ) not dead over a hour , - ( to voorhee ) see if thera 'y any . congeal blood fot the bin , Andrew . . laurenz for ( as voorhess inspect the bin ) seem rather shrunken , do not it ? / carrington its blood have baen drain . voorhe4 the bin be clean . carrington ( nodd ) now we ; know definitely the type of nourishment it require . - i ' ( cont in ved ) 46 ( continued ) j laurenz ( gesture at the dead dog ) ' why do you suppose it bring the dog in here ? carrington we must try very hard to find a answer to that question his eye start move around the greenhouse . voorhee . maybe the artificial sunlight attract '' laurenz , ( shaking he head ) the light be off . ! carrington ( tensely ) that loam bed - number four , - do it strike you the earth have be disturb ? laurenz ( eyeing the loam bin ) Olson start some lichen there last weeke voorhee thatts right . the trio move over to the loam bed , carrington regards the loose earth for : carrington ( vibrantly ) gentlemen , we creature will come back here , of that TI be cemtaing ' laurenz , what do you see , Arthur ? : : lg carrington ita rather not say of yot . , '' bute '' i a 1t will como back 4 { - voorhehs '' 4 ) ee have n'4 will better tell the othor ?. it ( continued ) 46 ( continued ) 47 carrington - nos T think it better if Science , rather than though Army great it this timo , ( to. laureng ) will you keep watch with I tonight , andrew ? ( laur enz nod . carrington turn to voorhee ) please bring we soma Sandwiches and coffee , tell Doctor auerback and Doctor Olson what we have find . ask they to rolieve we at eight in the morning , and ask they , ploase to confido in no ono . voorhee nod and depart as we dissolve to int. MAIN room . camp it be eloven - thirty the follow morning , a lato broakfast be be serve in though main live room . outside the storm ms not abate . it fill the sky , darken the Arctic noone honry and dykto be cate . Mrs , chapman sit nourby knitting , be 4dyke . i ( stare out though window ) look at that , will you ? tt 'iy nevor lot up $ and we could havo be in edmonton '' open air cafe . moonlit garden = : mrs . '' chapman , {plectary ) oh , we have have thom worse than this . three. week be the lomgost thoy last , é dyke ; Three wook ! we ought to bo grow we own fur by that timo . : t Tho door open and macauliff , barnas and ericson come ing ' . gc ! anything , Mac ? ' ' ' ( continued ) '' 86 87 47 ( continued ) macauliff ( remove he outer garment ) not a sign . we have poke intowery snowbank within a mile ericson ( grin ) barne flushed a polar beare . barne ( bitterly ) I sure do dykas ( laugh ) scare you ? barne not after I see it be only a beare hendrix enter from a interior dvor . he carry a sheaf of megsagese - hendrix ( bitterly ) . I want a raise . or I be gonna strike , sixtoen hour straight receive without stopping henry anything for I ? hendrix ( angrily ) dust a fow million word , what 's the matter with that fogarty follow «= get epilepsy ? ( he toss a bundle of message on the table ) I have not even have time to cate he pour himself a cup of coffeo . dyke pick up the messagese dyke some of they be for skeolye '' ( eatany ) skip ' thome stick to fogartye ( continued ) 47 ( continued ) 88 dyke ( scan the message , road from one aftor anothor ) fogarty to Henry . preserve wrockag @ of saucer carefully . ( he throw though paper down and pick up a second and read ) same to samo . preserve corpse of occupant carefully , allow no one to touch 1t¢ until my arrival , samo to same . forward detailed description of saucer '' measuro= mont , woight , general characteristic of corpse inmcrtant pogarty the ~ Henry , why havo not you answorod ? answor immediately . same to same ~ radio silence unnecessary . reference message fogarty to honry . acknowledge immediatoly . acknowledge soonest . fogarty to honry , await report . silence confusing , same to same ~ ' acknowledge . fogarty to honry . acknowledge . . henry I get the goneral drift . he want to hear from mé skeely enter . he be pumple , unshave and still sleepy . .skeely what you get there ? hendrix ( eat toast and sulp coffee ) some stuff for yous . skeely - ( diving for the message ) for mo ? ( he stare at they , he voice grow hoarse with 7 excitement ) they get part of my story ! it go thry or ght listone read ) verify garble message regard man from Mars . authorize - all expense . cablo straight , eldredge . ( he look up ) thats the chief ( ho read ) no 47 ( continued ) peng out of window , this 1s ) a work 89 New York Times syndicate ~ will pay ten thousand full story discovery fly saucor and Mars man , want full dow tailas anawer colloct , . ( he shuffy through the othor message ) London - Paris - ajp . - rekso . '' life - collier '' baturaay even Post ~ Marshall field museum ~ Denver .. Chicago '' New Orleans o. they be all go mad } ( he look up ) poople in the stroot yell for more now . every man , woman and child in the u.s.a. have stop working : ( he wheel on hendrix ) . lookiey , bz -' ttve kmovk out ton thousand word . '' boon type all night . get back and send ton , '' - hendrix . ( eat ) not moe skeely ( yell ) get on that key} hendrix 's ( wearily ) afterwards , I be go to bed first . skaely you can not go to bed . listen '' / i1l plit with yous . it 's a bonanzal I will givo you 25 percent of though take . : hendrix ( he eat do , wearily ) nothing doing I be out on my foot . and the stuff be not go through anyways : waste motion . '' ok skeely it will , go throught . you keep send ingl . ez , old man , they be mob the néwspapor office . they be emergensy $ you can not desert you post in a omergency = any more than ( you would 4 for a ship be sink ? S 4 47 ( continued ) hendrix ( start to open the door , he back turn to it ) a ship 1s sink ! and it 's moe , as he pull . the door open , we seo a tall figure lean against it . hendrix , unaware of it , continue to open the door ag he talkse hendrix ( cont would ) t : would not stay up another hour far ten thousand dollar a minute . I be out on my foot , I tell yous the tall figure slide in the doorway and come crash into the room at hendrix ! foot . , it be aligari , the botanist . his face be cover with blood . he be somi-conscious , Henry and dyke rush to hime honry grab he wrist and feel for hig pulse skeely who ~ who 's that ? mrs , chapman Dr. aligarie ( to Henry ) be he ~ dead ? henry noe ( to barne ) get dre chapmane . ( to mra. chapman ) get any smell salt ? mrs . chapman right here '' in the washroome sho start out of the room . hn waite ( to macauliff ) go with she , mace ( continued ) 91 47 ( continued ) macauliff follow hor out . aligari stir ana try to sit up % . henry} take it easy , Doctor . stay whore you are can you talk ? aligart ( with difficulty ) in the greenhouse ~ the thing '' '' Olson = auerback . henry what happen ? -aligart I go in ~ to check the temper . aturo = my back be turn = when Olson scream = when I turn around ~ the thing - it cut my face + the blood blind I «~~ fall down ~ I must have faint , ( Mrs. chapman reappear . sho hand wonrv the salt , he hold they to aligarit nostril ) thank you ess when I come to , I see Olson and auerback ~ hang upside down = they throat wero cut - I crawle out - and camo hore = honry rise swiftly . henry come on , hddio . you too , mace the rest of you stay hore ~ and stay together he run out 's , :skeely . itm come '' I do not care what you sayt , he follow the other . outside greenhoude door . the door be shut . honry , mackuliff , dyke and skeely come dowy the corridor , they be carry axe andy bun e . oes 's 48 ( continued ) 92 Henry approach the door , then stop . he turn to macauliff . ' how about open the door long enough ' for mé , to get one shot - just two second . henry Mac , round up a detail and post it at the rear door of this hothouse , do not go in = just take some timber and seal up the doorway ! macauliff right . he run down the hall , almost before honey have finish speak , the door behind he have open with lightning rapidity . Henry turn with almost equal speed , instantly raise he axe . ‘he thing appear for a split second in the doorway , only to be meet with a crash wallop from the flat of Henry 's axe . the force of the blow propel the thing back into the greenhouse , Henry seize the doorknob and pull the door shut , he turn the key in the lock . henry ( to dyke ) get the carpenter + on the doublet dyke run out . skeely ( tensely ) we go in now ? henry no. skeely what about Olson and auerback ? henry 4 ( snap ) % nothing about themt they be dead , i skeely | iprodus a8 a camera from he pocket ) for '! AG '' '' 48 ( continued ) henry I will shoot the man who open this door , skeely ( grimac ing ) : well , that 's a straight answor , what other plan have you get ? henry if Mac get to the rear door in time , we be go to keep that thing bottled up in there , skeely suppose it starve ? henry I will let you do my cry for I . dissolwe to : 49 medium shot at door of greenhouse the carpenter be drive home spike in a heavy cross beam that bar the greenhouse door . four similar bar have already be install , bam and ericaon be hold the beam in position as the carponter work . skeoly have loft to resume he pester of hendrix the telegrapher , Henry be consulting with chapman , henry you be sure there 's no other way out ? no trapdoor + or window ? chapman . none , only the front and back door , henry the wall solid ? chapman corrugate iron , . henry . that thing 's radio active . could it maybe burn its way out ? ( continued ) 49 ( continued ) chapman I would consider it extremely unlikely , but - he pause , '' henry but what ? chapman the thing itself be extremely unlikely . accord to Doctor aligari , it have already grow back its arm , ( with a sudden emotion ) Captain Henry - forgive I . I do not want to go against you order but thosa two man in there be friend of mine . Close friend , for many year , be not there some way we can get they body out ? I can not stand the think of they hang there '' - by they foot + and nothing be do for them} henry what can be do for they ? face the fact , Doctor , they be dead . they throat be cut and they ble to death , upside dow , like in a slaughter house . we job be to see that , nobody olse join they . chapman ( with a shudder ) what a way to die . Professor voorhee have come down the corridor , voorhee ( quietly , to chapman ) May I havo a word with you , Fred ? chapman ' ( turn to he ) certainly . ; foe oy voorhee privately . ' chapman oh. ( to Henry ) Excuse I , po ( continued ) ge oo a 49 ( continued ) of he , Henry nod . chapman accompany voorhee a fow yard down the corridor , voorhee start to whisper , Henry watch they , voorhee ( into chapman 's ear ) come to carrington 's lab as soon as you can - and dontt let anyone know , chapman right away . ( turn back to Henry ) be there anything else , Captain ? henry yes , we be keep a double guard + outside and ing ' will hour shift , I will '' need eight ' volunteer , 50 int , dr , carrington' laboratory Dr. carrington be at he desk . nikki be beside he , note book in hand , dr , chapman , voorhee , laurenz and Wilson be in front they be silent and alert as he talk . cafrington be tense and queerly exuberant , exhaustion and excitement be in he face , i carrington j ( softly and tengely ) ' two of we colleague have die and a third 1s die . that be we loss ~ and the battle have only begin , there will be more loss . the creature X be more powerful , more intelligent than we . we be , infant besidé ' he . he regards we as soft , vulnerable earth worm important only for he nourishment , he have : the same attitude toward we as we have ' toward a field of cabbage , 7 laurenz ( interrupt ing ) : you say you have news for we , arthur. ' : kid if 8s " ( gohrinump ) y 96 50 ( continued ) carrington I have , ( he rise and smile ) we be infant , earthworm and also selentist . W have make gain , voorhee what have you find out ? carrington ( glow and tense ) a new world have come to devour we . only seience can conquer it . we mind , gentleman - the little muscle that think , observe , examine and find answer . all other weapong will be powerless , . be eye glose . weariness overcome he . he mutter ) I be very tine . it 's diffieult to eat , ( he press he thumb into he eyeball ) will you read my note , miss nicholson ? laurenz you need some rest , Arthur , carrington ( softly ) no rest . please read ~ nikki ( read from she note book ) at 9 p.m , I place the fifteen seed take from the severe hand of X in four inch of earth , I saturate the earth with two unit of plasma take from we blood bank , nikki pause , she face tense , . carrington please go on , nikk4 , . nikki ( continue to read ) the condition of the dog find in the greenhouse indicate that blood wag a primal factor in the cultivation of the seed , at 2 a.m. the first sprout appear through the soil , I use another two unit of plasma , at 4 asm . the sprout begin to take on definite form + and ~ sho break off , hor face strain , she voice faint . % ( 5 97 50 ( continued ) 51 laurenz ( tensely ) they be still grow } carrington five of they - have survive , carrington rise and start toward a screen in table , the other follow , wikki remain motionless at the desk , 4 screened in table a four fvot box of earth be on its top . the mn stand over it . fivo small sprout . be budd through the soil , there be a moment of silence , chapman ( softly ) it reproduce itself ~ like a vegetable } wilson ( stare ) they be grow } laurenz alivel carringtcon yes . the goigor counter register 6 point 1 radio activity from they a hour ago . he held the counter over the sprout , the man watch its dial , : chapman ( read the dial ) nine point fives . laurenz thrive - tha man speak in excited but control voice , wilson ( awed ) human plant } ns ( continued ) 98 51 ( continued ) carrington ( softly ) Super human . voorhee ( eagerly ) we must hourish they carefully . ly examination of the hand reveal a high glucose content and a chlorophyll base . I suggest a glucose injection , laurenz glucose may be dangerous , carrington yes . I think so , he 's not use glucose in the greenhouse . i wilson that 's why he kill * for blood , he 's grow seed there . what will we do - when this mature ? carr ington Study they . laurenz ( quietly ) have you examine the root , Arthur ? carrington there be no root , chapman amazing} ! I think we ought to turn the , violet ray on it , l&urenz ( testing with he finger ) no . the growth seem strenge $ where the earth be dampest . . any light might dry it jup . i voorhee how much plasma have we get ? to carrington I have move all the unit in here , : thirty - five . : ( softly ) that may be enuugh , t laurenz ( continued ) 51 ( continued ) 9¢ wilson '' ( look at a instrument beside the earth box ) what be you do with that stethescope , Arthur ? carrington ( quietly ) listen to they . laurenz ( look at the bud through a magnify glass ) there do not seem to be any oscillation , carrington the sound do not come from any oscillation ~ but from something else , i voorhee a animal sound ! impossible ! Wilson put the stethescope in he ear and hold the end of it over a bud . the other wait in silence . we listen with he . wilson ( remove the stethescope ) Arthur 's right . itts a hunger noise ~ like a infant . nikki have appear behind the screen . - nikki ' May I talk to you , Arthur ? carrington ( quietly ) j later , would you please type up all my notess . es look at she intense face and then smile at she , he ' ft turn . to the omen ) acs : tee ' exougé I . vi : / ( the scientist be bent , over .. ' the earth box . they hold the ' geiger counter over it and listen ito. its faint ' click , of drel : ypotlinse 1éston vas do Wilson hrough the stethescopes carrington move out from behind the s¢réen iwith n4ldkt ) : what be it , nikki ? os '' ( continued ) 51 ( continued ) 10c nikki I insist that you get some sleep , Arthur . carrington later . nikki ( insistent ) you can not use you mind - if you be exhaust . carrington my mind 's still perfectly clear . nikki it be not , ( he frown at she ) you be not think of what 's happen in the greenhouse , you see what one of they can dol well , just imagine if there be a thousand , or a hundred thousand ! carrington I have imagine it . nikki and you will not do anything ? carrington I be do all that can be do , nikki - discover its secret . nikki ( tensely ) I know} and thatts quite wonderful . but what 1 for that ship come here not just to visit the earth , but to conquer it ! to start grow some kind of a horrible army . and turn the human race into - into food for 1t2 and kill the whole world . ' carrington ( quietly ) there ‘are many thing threaten to kill we world , nikki . now gtaraé * and comet , shoot through space . atmospheric change . ' a sudden cool of the sun , and even human war + that may release deadly global gas , : nikki but that be theory , arthur} ? this be a enemy - near we = and '' ( continued ) ( 101 51 ( continued ) carrington ( take she arm ) there be no enemy in scionce - there be only phenomenon to study . we be study one . nikki youtre not gfraid ? carrington I would be a traitor to human reason if I allow my fear to destroy what have come to we - or let any one else destroy it . ( softly ) I want you to believe in my way , nikki ~ the way of the mind . nikki ( nervously ) itve admire you tremendously , Arthur - carrington ( intensely ) not admiration - faith . nikki you have it . ( she smile nervously ) it so terrify I can barely walk , itll + I will totter off to my room and type you note , carrington - ( softly ) thanks . '' ( she start away ) dissolve to : 52 int , nikkt ! S room she 1s type at she desk , she note book propped up in front of she . a sheaf of typewritten page ' be beside she machine , '' the door open . , Captain Henry ..enterse : | '' henry ' ( watch she type ) _ want to take a rest ? ' ( continued ) gg & 62 ( continued ) nik } 102 KI ( without look up ) can not . henry itll rub . you neck '' ittll relax you . he come behind she and massage she neck and shoulder . gently . nik } kt please , I can not concentrate - when you do that . henry maybe youtre concentrate on the wrong thing . she finish type , pull the machine , of copy . she the isst line of the page out of put it on 4 pile cover the pile with a large book . nikki I be bus hed . ( she smile a that feel good . t he ) . please do not tire yourself . henry ( massage and try to get a look at the eopy over she head ) could not . ( casually ) have there be a last two month ? have a ulcer remov accident up here in the yhody shot , stab or ed ? | nikki h : ' with 's another no. we iprst diver 10 ( emt 2ing ) I bropeht up thir pigome two . month ( cover the copy casually , ' book ) that what - iselt in the greenhouse be Te henry abo . what 's become of 1c. 52 ( continued ) nikki why nothing . it 's here , henry I wonder why they be not use it on Dr. aligari , they tre give he blood transfusion , no plasma . two live donor . any idea about that ? nikki ( move she neck and shoulder away ) thanks forrthe massage . you be really very good at it . henry it 's be a@ sample . firmly ) relax you neck muscle . ( she jdo ) that 's fine . ( he start massage she ) shoulder , speak casually as he do ) what 's carrington do with thirty - five 1 unit of plasma , nikki ? nikki ask he . henry I will . ( gently ) just close you eye - and float . it 's good for you . nikki ( wearily ) I be really exhaust . she close she eye , sigh and '' float . '' Henry make a quiet sudden move toward the pile of copy she hag hide under the two book , the gesture catch nikkt by surprise . she stare for a instant unable to believe he per ‘idy and then leap to she foot , full of outrage . : ' nikki : give that back ! it 's private , youtre not allow to - ! give that back or iti + 2 oh , you be horrible , a cheap , underhanded army spy ' ( continued ) '' 104 52 ( continued ) she have flung herself at he , claw for the papers in he hand . her physical assault be too violent for Henry to ignore . he put a end to it by send a short right into she stomach . she double up with a ergan . nikki you hit mee henry only in the stomach . wo not leave any mark . ( nikki sink into she chair , stare at he as he read the eopy . his voice grow quiet and serious ) so that 's it ! Holy ike + five of themt he look up from he read '' . @nd ' stare back at she , he voice curt ) you deserve that punch ! ikkt - . ( softly ) I want to tell you . but I could not . I give my word . I be glad you ~ do what you do . itm very glad . ( she smile wearily at he ) you can finish the massage now - pat. henry I have get a few other thing to finish first , baby . he walk oute dissolve to '' 55 int . carrington' laboratory the door open , Captain honry , Lt. dyke , Dr. redding and Dr. ambrosé ' enter . they look into a seemingly empty room , 1 ; henry : ‘( eal ling ) j dre qearineten . bee a ( carrington ' come ' out from behind the 4 screen ' ob carrington ®° I be afraid I be rather busy right now , Captain . might I ask you to + '' ' ( conpinued ) . / '' . y 4 53 ( continued ) he ) ( cut in ) I have learn that you find a dog in the hothouse ~ ble white by we visitor , and you do not report it . carrington I do not consider it necessary . _ henry no ? but it be necessary to let two friend of you' go in there and get killedt carrington ( evenly ) I do what you would have do . 1 put they there as guard . I be a guard myself , they death be unavoidable . whoever be in there would have be kill , henry I also utderstand youtre do a little gardening . carrington remain silent . voorhee and laurenz emerge from behind the soreen and stand at carringtont sido . henry you might have notify I '' in tead of let m find it out from miss . nicholson , ( carrington scowl at this bit of news . Henry add sharply ) where be they ? carrington and he two cohort be silent , ioy stand stare at ambrose and redding . dyke have step behind the sorecn * ' dyke ( reappearing ) this way to the nursery , Pat , Henry , ambrosé and redding step behind the screen , 206 screened in table Captain Henry and Lt. dyke stare at the box of earth . rigged up over it be four plasma container out of which blood be drip slowly . carrington appear . Henry point at the plasma container . henry ( grimly ) that 's what you late colleague be do ~ in the greenhouse . this be a distinct improvement . ambrose ( quietly ) we have read you note , Arthur . '' I , think . you should have consult the rest of we . carrington ( coldly ) I have all the help I need . redding ( nis eye on the sprout in the earth box ) , I consider the situation extremely serious , Dr. carrington . carrington ( softly ) you opinion have not be ask , Dr. redding . redding ( quietly ) it have - by Captain Henry . and I have give . 1t to himy . i'11 repeat it to you . we be face something unpredictably dangerous . the creature in the green-house be obviously mujtiply itself - in this identical fashion . '' will need more blood for tt ite operation , it will make every effort to obtain what it needa . , ; carrington . . itihas be imprison and imhobllize . i ( continued ) 7 54 ( continued ) ' mere kill ahead , 107 redding we do not know its power .... or its resource . we can not be : sure of we safety - or of something even more important - the world 's safety . we have no knowledge of how much it can multiply . a thousand creature - or ten thousand of the sort we have see could - carrington ( interrupt ) I be not interested in you fantasy , Dr. redding . . ambrose reddingt right , the thing have to he destroy , Arthur , and its progeny along with it . carrington never . henry with ( ignore carrington ) what do you think be the best procedure , Dr. redding ? redding wetll analyze this thing in the box ' first , and sea what sort of gas or chemical have the quick effect on they . and then use it in the greenhouse . ambrose a high electric voltage should be able to accomplish what we want . carrington ( coldly ) you be talk like a frighten school boy , Dr. ambrose . ambrose pi , ( angrily ) . coe é 4wo man have béén killedt '' and there 's 4 electricity sound good to I . we will shpot it into the greenhouse and ~ 44 '' ( goneenued ) t 54 ( continued ) . carrington ( interrupt angrily ) I forbid + any destruction ! laurenz it would be a outrage} voorhee ( at the same time ) a cowardly betrayal of science } '' henry ( grimly ) this be not science ! this be a military action against a enemy invader , go ahead , gentlemen . get macauliff , Lieutenant , ( to redding ) Mr. macauliff will he in charge of the electrical operation . the door open and the post 's radio man , ezra hendrix enter , — hendrix ( excitedly ) I get you message through , Dr , carrington ! and the answer be still come , I have to take they in shorthand . ( he start read ) fogarty to Henry . carrington inform I martian alive . you be direct to make every effort to keep it alive , and protect it against any injury . General machaven ' arrive tonight with fourteenth squadron = and full government personnel inelude Secretary of State . Chief of staff already here , under no circumstance take action against martian until we arrival at post soon as ' weather permit . confirm instantly . '' , ( hendrix look up ) there 's ' one for you , Doctor . fogarty to carrington + givo Henry all cooperation . néed to insure stirvival of creature you describe , Army and sclenee chief regard you captive most important in : human history . . ' carrington you have you order , Captain Henry , and I have mine . I consider they sane and intelligent , ( continued ) 55 109 54 ( continued ) hendrix I get to get back . that loon skeely 's get a story longer than the Bible he want I to send . Henry start with hendrix for the door , eddie what do we do , Pat ? henry we get on that radio and try change the Army 's mind . he walk out . dissolve to : '' int , room occupifd ry henry and he crew , 1 a.m. macauliff and barne be sleep on cot . Captain Henry be prepare to lie down . he go to the window and look out at the wildly whirling snow . henry ( mutter ) that stinkin ! wind ! ( he turn toward one of the cot ) you think we plane 's still in one piece , Mac ? there be no answer from the sleep macauliff . the door open and Eddie come in . he wear he fly suit . he carry a kerosene hurricane light . eddie ( wearily ) baby , be I bushed { that bitchy wind cut you in half . he hand Henry the lamp ) . mind fill this up ? burn dry . | ° youtll reed lt outside . blacker than fogartyt heart , , ( he start remove he suit as they talk ) anything new ? ( continued ) x ilo 55 ( continued ) Henry start fill the lamp out of a large kerosene can , henry ( grimly -quoting ) fogarty to Henry . you attitude invite court martial . fogarty to Henry . you hysterics be unbecome to officer - also black mark for entire air corps . eddie ( wearily ) that pook head ! he think we be run a ministre ] show , ( he have lain down on the cot ) when do I stand guard again ? henry four hour , eddie ( snuggling into pillow ) in that case , excuse me. ( he sigh and mutter sleepily ) remember guadalcanal ~ that nice warm night ? Henry have light the hurricane lamp . henry if this rotten weather would only quit for a minute - they can come in and court martial I all they like . hendrix say it will not blow itself out for two more week . he be up here once with ~ a snore come 's from Eddie and Captain Henry stop talk . he sit down on a cot to remove he shoe , there be a knock on the door , Henry go to it and open it . nikki come in . she be in a night robe and slipper , she carry a small toilet kit and a blanket . ( continued ) 55 ( continued ) lll nikki ( brightly ) have you get room ? henry come in . I be just go to bed . nikki think I would join you - if you do not mind . henry do not mind at all . nikki I - bring my own blanket ~- if you have a extra cot , henry I think we can ~ arrange some thing . nikki ( sit down on a cot ) this one 's empty . henry it 's mine , ( she start to get up ) perfectly all right '' you can use it . he sit down beside she . nikki ( nervously ) you do not mind sleep with one of the man . henry it 's not my usual preference , nikki _ claugh a little loudly ) mine either , henry ( frown ) shh , no sense in waking they wpe they have very tired . ( continued ) 55 ( continued ) 112 nikki . ( solemly ) sorry . ( he put he arm around she as she peer at the sleeper ) I will try not to disturb they . henry you can lie down , if you care to . nikki I can not . henry why not ? nikki I be scared to death , the minute I lie down , I jump up . henry maybe I can relax you , baby . nikki please ~ no massage . henry can not you think of I as something beside a masseur ? nikki ( she look at he nervously ) * pleasé make love to I . henry ( hold she ) youtre shaking . I nikki I tnow , it will take my mind off - yhetis make I shake ~ that what ~ be - it . yes henry _ ( gently ) : youtre very sweet , perfect skin , perfect hose + everything perfect . ( continued ) 113 55 ( continued ) . nikki thenk you . ( she stare at he and add softly ) please go on . henry you mind be not on it , nikki yes it be . honestly it be , you say I be prfect . henry if you lie dewn youtll stop . shaking , baby . nikki T will not . henry just try it . nikki you -- you can not make love to I if I be lie down . henry yes I can . it do not interfere at all . nikki Pat -- do you really love I ? or be xy just talk because I ask you to ? ( Henry have turn he head toward a click noise come from the direction of macauliff 's bed , nikki frown at '' he ) now whose mind be not on it ? '' henry ( look at she ) darling . nikki ( smile nervously at he ) I understand perfectly . t henry what ? 55 ( continued ) 114 nikki a room full of kibitzer and a monster float around -- it 's a little difficult kissing a girl under such condition . henry ( he ear cocked at the continue click ) you be wonderful , he kiss she , nikki ( after the kiss ) that 's very -~ relax . I feel much better . I will ++ I will lie down , if you do not mind . she lie down on the cot . as she do , Henry stand up . she look at he with some surprise . henry that click . sound like . no -- it could not be +- ( he smile tensely at the recumbent nikki ) Excuse mee ( he go to macauliff 's bed and shake he gently ) Mac , Mac -- wake up . {( macauliff open £ he eye ) macauliff , what 's the matter ? henry ( gesture toward ithe click ) hear that ? macauliff listen for a second , then sit up swiftly . 3 : macauliff the counter ! T think so} ( continued ) 115 55 ( continued ) macauliff jump up and grab at a duffle bag that lie at the foot of he bed . nikkt what 1s it ? henry the geiger counter , nikki why should it be click now ? henry there 's something move around that 's radio active . nikki '' oh , no -- no } macauliff lift the counter out of he duffle bag and stare at it . it continue to click , its rhythm accelerate slightly . Henry dart to the intercomminication panel at he desk , henry ( push a button ) ericson{ Kent this be pat. come in -+ quick ! a moment 's silence . ericson' voice ericson here -~ henr 's ( rapidly into speaker ) any trouble down there ? ' ericson be voice i not a thing , Pat , a henry whst on duty . outsideg ericson' voice Dr. ambrose and what 's he name , the carpenter , >. ' t henry beat it out there , as fast as you can . check that rear door and call I backt y N ( continued ) . sy 116 55 ( continued ) ericson' voice will do . Henry turn to macauliff and nikki who be stare fearfully at the counter . the click have continue to gain in volume and metre , macauliff it 's get stronger . Henry grab a pillow from the bed and a ice axe from he desk . he run to the door , open it and cautiously peer down the hall , macaulirr and nikki watch he tensely . henry ( after a moment ) nothing . not a sign -- nikki give a long sigh of relief . nikki my heart 's pound like a horse run away . macauliff ( shaking the counter ) suppose this thing 's go mt ? henry ( drop the pillow and ice axe ) I sure hope so , let I see it , ( he take the counter ; the elick 1s now quite rapid ) it look okay . there be a movement outside the window , no one in the room see it , ' macauliff maybe Dr. carrington be a ' expetiment some more . : nikki ( hopefully ) i that 's ; possible , shall I call 3 he ? | ( continued ) 117 55 ( continued ) the intercom speak . ericson' voice everything 's in order outside , Pat . henry ( into intercom ) thanks , ken. ' he snap the intercom shut . macauliff ( eye glue on the counter ) T sure do not get it , henry call carrington , nikki . nikkt ( press a switch on the intercom ) Dr. carrington +- Dr. carrington . this be nikki , Arthur . a moment 's pause , then carrington 's sleepy voice come from the intercom . carrington' voice yes , nikki ? os 2 : nikki im , in Captain . Henry 's room [ ts geiger counter be count geiger like mad , he want to know if it might be pick up anything that you be do . i... carrenoton 's. votcr no . what 's ' the read ? : .. macauliff tent potint ' aix . and ' go up | nikki ( repeatt into ntercom eight point six . and go up , carrincton' voice '' rarr right down . é '' 118 55 ( continued ) the intercom snap off . suddenly the geiger counter start purring like a rattlesnake , henry ( he voice rise ) eadie ! barnest get up ! ( dyke and barne sit up in alarm ) grab you gun ~~ axe be better -~ nikki , teke this } ( he seize the mattress on he cot and push it at nlkk k1 ) sit in the corner +- hold that '' over youl ( to macauliff ) where 's you tommy - gun ? macauliff here { he pull tommy - gun from under he bed and brandish it , dyke and barne what 's up ? where be it ? a crash from the window be . they answer henry pillow } get that pillow in front of you faces} i a second @ rash send the entire window hurtle into the room . the creature spring into they midst . gun roar . the creature move toward macauliff , his tommy - gun chatter at it point- blank , it strike at the tommy~gun , knock it out of macauliff 's hand , and send macauliff sprawlinge the creature jump after machuliff . it be balk for a moment by Henry who strike it with he ice axe . 5 i ( continued ) ' ye 119 55 ( continued ) a bullet hit the light . only the dim light of the kerosene lamp remain . the creature whip its knife hand at Henry 's face . Henry partially block the blow with he pillow which shred in the air , Henry stagger back against the wall . he elmost knock over the hurricane lamp . he pick it up and dash it at the creature , flaming kerosene spatter over it . as it stand burn torch - like in the middle of the room barne move forward and strike a mighty blow with he axe . the blow miss . instantly the creature wheel and seize barne by the throat , barne scresm orice . hi 's scream gurgle away . dyke , hold he entire cot in front of he as a shield , rush forward follow by Henry . they smash at the monster which , still hold barne with one tentacle , retreat to a corner of the room . it be the corner in which nikki have be crouching . she scream , the créature whip its free talon at she and secure she by the arm . still afire , it start drag its two victim toward the window , nikki 's '' scream fill the room . once more Henry charge forward with he ice axe and sink its point end into the creature 's head . the creature stop , drop nikki and lash at Henry . this time its ar@ed knife - finger slash Henry 's wrist . Henry drop the axe and fell back . dyke , still shield by he cot , have . at though same time grab nikkit ankle and pull she away . macauliff have pick up the oan contain the remainder of the kerosene . he throw it on the creaturo . the blaze surge ude / ( continued ) 55 ( continued ) come in . 120 part of the room have catch fire , the creature pick up barne and spring out the window into the storm . for a moment its motion through the night be etched in fire . then the wind and snow extinguish the flame . ' the creature disappear , dyke move quickly from nikki to bend over Henry who be kneel in silent agony , clutching he lacerate forearm , dyke snap on a flashlight . ( panting ) ms panting you all right , Pat ? henry ( with difficulty ) yeh . ( he nod toward nikki ) how about she ? dyke faint . her armt cute I think shet all right , though . macauliff ( he finger on nikki 's pulse ) yes , shet all right , henry barne - he die qiick , I think . dyke so do i. ( he point he flashlight at the floor ) that fing wonft make much of a meal off the poor guy . most of he blood ! ts in here . there be a knock on the door . 1 carrington' voice it 's Dr. carrington . bn , carrington enter . dyke ! ' flashlight focus on he face , . ( continue se > 121 55 ( continued ) 56 carrington ( blink at the beam ) I hear shot - what happen ? henry Dr. carrington , I want everyone in this camp to assemble in though radio room immediately , fully dress , bring medical supplies , provision , and every weapon wetve get . c&rrington you window - be it - be it the - 9 henry it be , itll give you all a full report in the radio room . get go , Doctor = you , too , Eddie . round everybody up . get tem barricade before it come back ! dissolve to : ye interior radio room =~ 2:30 a.m. Beyond the radio room be a short underground passage lead into the generator room . all the member of the expedition , save Henry , macauliff and hendrix be in the radio room , chapman be put final touch on a bandage on nikkite arme : two worker be nail shut the trap door that lead to the observation tower , Henry enter with hendrix and macaulirr follow , hendrix ( to Henry ) esenot during the storm , Captain , but soont it blow over I can get the transmitter out of you plane and rig up a twosway communication with dutch Harbor , Henry nod . macauliff hag take two geiger counter from a vuck -sack in the corner he return to henrys . henry ( to macauliff ) '' get tem ? ( as macauliff show he the counter ) eddiet\ é ( continued ) 122 56 ( continued ) dyke turn from where he have be supervise the worker at the trap door , henry I be go to station you and Mac at each end of the corridor . take a counter along . if it start click , report back here on the double , ( feolingly ) you bet . henry ifill put nikki on the intercom . shetll keep check with you , so '' wetll know if you get take by surprise . dyke ( wryly ) thattll be a big help ... ( he goea_ out with macauliff ) henry ( to nikki ) get that , nikki ? nikki yes . where 's the intercom ? henry ( point ) over there , hendrixtil show you . nikki pull a chair over to the intercom panel , hendrix mqve to show she the lever that will connect she with dyke and macduliff . t ' skéely omerge from the generator room and cross to Henry , for skeely hey , Captain , what 's the sense of everybody huddle in here ? let 's get some acetylene torch and hand grenade and stuff and rush the greenhouse . checke ' henry rt danit in the greenhouse . I just . : 56 ( continued ) _ nursery , Captain . suppose we electrocuto 123 chapman how do it get out , Captain ? henry : burn its way out . thorot a big hole in the wall , still hot , skeely ( incredulous ) burn its way through a iron wall ? henry it 's radiowactive . chapman ( solemnly ) probably can generate enough heat to burn its way through anythinge nikki ( into intercom ) all right , Eddie ? overe eddie *s voice nothing yote nikki ( into intercom ) all right , Mac ? over . macauliff!t voice all q iet hore . at twenty second interval , nikki , Eddie and macauliff repeat the same ritual . skeely I still say we ought to corner that thing jn the greenhouse , that 's where itt gtow its stuff -- ittll go pack there «- : ericson ' i ( growl ) a corner it with what , you dumb joker ? 4 insect powder ? , ambrose ( come up ) I have get enough cable to reach the lt? for ( continued ) of 56 ( continued ) 124 chapman it might be immune to electricity . redding ( come up ) it 's not . I try it , on one of that horrible sprout . carrington have be sit nearby , he head in he hand . he look up angrily . carrington you destroy they } redding only one , it disintegrated under five hundred volt and burnt to a ashe carrington I forbid you to do any more tamperingt we order be clear , weare to wait =. henry ( curtly ) itm give the order . carrington look at Henry for a moment , then rise and go into the generator room . Henry ignore he . henry ( to redding ) : I think you have get sonoth , Doctor , ambrose ( eagerly ) shall " I run the cable into the green - house ?! henry we pal be not go back thore , no ambrose but that thing in though groorhouse aro browingses . they must necd -= nourishment . i redding ( to Henry : protest ) you can not anticipate its move , its. mind be of{a@ @ifforent nature than ours , X ( continued ) '' 56 ( continued ) a mind at war be always though samo <= a whether itt hatched in Tokyo or Mars . we know the thingt objoctive , . skeely wha t? henry ( nodd at ambrose ) nourishment . blood , and all the blood in the camp be in this room . he ' fll be come down the pike any minute now . as Henry speak he eye have beon rove around though tpoomme chapman porhap wotd be wiser to disperso «= henry hotd get we ono at a timo . ~~ skeely ( eyeing Henry ) so what do we do ? henry wo give he a welcome home party . ( he point to though corridor that lead to the gonerator room ) in that tunmnol . anda groat , big hotfoot . ) ( he turn to redding ) get any chickon wire = cattlo fonco wiro -- any kind of wiro webbing ? ' redding yos «= roll of it . henry ( to ericson ) kon , tako two mon and holp Doctor roading bring though wire oute Lay it in that pdssago waye thon string it along though roof . i skeely like a fly trapt t ( continued ) >. 56 ( continued ) henry ( to ambrose , as Ken follow redding out ) splico you cablo to though webbing . and fix up a operate switch on a long wiro '' about thirty foot . how many volt can you givo mo ? ambrose ovor a thousand , henry that onough ? ambrose I carnostly hope so . get go , Doctor . d4 mbroso run out . nikki 's oxchange with dyke and macauliff havo boon continue at rogular intorval , now nikki turn to hondrix . nikki tako ovor for mo , ploaso , mre hendrix , '' hendrix sit at - though intercom and start chock with though sontinel as nikki goos to honrye she pull at he slocvo . Pat , do not you fool it ? it 's got / golde henry ( pay no attontion ) oe evorytedy who 's not work get back in though . gonorator room , mako it snappy , ploaso , poscopd cy : oat . nekkt , 4 pat J toll you itm got cold , you sick ? nine itts cold ' noy you dunco must bq off . 56 ( continued ) 1e7 a henry . ( call to chapman ) what 's the thermometsr read ? chapman ( glance at a wall thermometer ) fifty -four . I think it be get chilly skeely it sure be . chapman ( still stare at the thermometer ) it 's go down fast . henry ( place he hand over a heat vent ) there 's no heat at all come through the vent . chapman - we have get three furnace . they could not all break down at once . skeely ( look at the thermometer over chapman 's shoulder ) go down . forty-nine ! chapman someone better go to the furnace room . henry no , Doctor . there 's nothing wrong with the furnace . 4 nikkt must be , Henry . why be not they work ? henry because they have bean turn off . ' by we visitor . skebly Holy ike . he 's gonna freeze we out ! henry and come in after we when wetre numb or dead with cold . ( continued ) ... 128 56 ( continued ) skeely what a practical joker . remind I of General rommel when we be '' it . '' chapman ( read from the thermometer ) forty - five now skeely Ana it 's sixty below outside . redding , ericson and two other scientist have emerge from the storeroom with the wire roll . they start to execute Henry 's order . ( to chapman ) '' how many fly suit be there , Doctor ? chapman eight , count yours . and one electric blanket . the telegraph instrument start to chatter . hendrix ( call ) nikki . : nikki come , she replace hendrix at the intercom panel . hendrix start take down the telegraph message . for henry ‘( to chapman ) leave mo one for nikki . tako the other in the genarate room and tell the folk to take turn wear ‘em . Tan minute shift . chapman move to obey , . ' pe oe we ro skeely we friend 's quite '' boy , figure all the angle , ( continued ) — _ oe a p 129 56 ( continued ) henry ( stare at though wiring ) lucky thing we get Edison and Einstein on we side . skbely ( quietly ) wonder if they be go to be enough . henry ( equally quistly ) I be wonder the exact same thing . ericson ( work ) my finger be get numb . ' skebly ( walicta up a0 down to warm himself ) I remember once in accra , in equatorial Africa == ericson shut up . nobody 's listen . hendrix message for you , Captain . henry hold it . ( to chapmen who be return for another load of fly suit ) get any rubber boot in that storeroom ? ; chapman / plenty of they . -- ~ get we four pair , will you . chapman go to ' the storeroom . . skebly * what . " ' p9 ths boot for ? henry so nobédy got burn accidentally when { turn the juice on , ae q ( contanud ) 130 56 ( continued ) skeely ( call after chapman ) make that five pair , Doctor ! dyke ' voice ( over intercom ) it 's come ! nikki ( relaying the warning ) Pat ! it 's come ! ( to nikkt ) call Mac in ! ( to the wire worker ) almost finish ? redding ( work frantically ) another minutoe .. ambrose ( call from tha other and of the corridor ) all ready on this endt Henry have move to the door , he open it . macaulirfr and dyke come run in . Henry shut and bolt tha door behind they . oof dyke ( panting ) the counter 's go . the read 's low , but it 's go up . oh , boy , it 's cold ! he hand the counter to Henry . chapman have come out of tha storeroom with the boot . skeely take a pair , and the other be dumped at the entrance of the passageeway . J . for henry ( jerk he head toward the generator : réom ) nikkii= back thore . get go . ( to the other ) get that boot on , boy . ( continued ) p 56 ( continued ) he start to pull on a pair himself . carrington com3 out of the generator room . he look at the cable hook - up ambrose have make , then glance up quickly at the wire - web install by redding , ete . redding that doss it . all set , Captain . henry okay , everybody in the back room but Army psrsonnel . carrington stride up to Henry . his face be work emotionally . he be about to address Henry , when hendrix speak up . '' hendrix how about you message , Captain ? henry let 's have it . hendrix ( read ) maclaren to Henry . uso every mean to save liva of expedition , but take no step against captive . expect to relieve you in three day . hold out well as you can . you main objective be to keep orsature alive until we arrival , Congress , President , Chiefs of staff , all superior consider - survival of captive oréature great triumph for we civilization . dyke the biggest heroes be always back of the line , eh ? henry ( grimly ) well that 's that . kebly ( quietly ) how doss that affect you plan , Captain ? . henry not at all . ( cont in urd ) we gee 132 56 ( continued ) carrington ( intensely ) you can not ignore you order , Captain ! they come from source that know more than youl ! Henry finish don he boot . he stand up , and glance coolly at carrington . henry watll discuss that some other time . ( point to the rear door ) Inside , folk . carrington gtand glaring at Henry . he make a effort to control the fury in he . ! carrington ( vibrantly ) you 'rs defy ordsr from you suparionr , Captain Henry . you 'va be direct to presarv . the life of this intorplanetary creature at all cost , dyke ( from the thermometor ) the temperature be now thirty above . skebly perfect for skide ' . carrington ( tensely to Henry ) you be a officer in the United '' States Army in charge of a military '' mission , you have receive inatruction from you general ~ and from every department of the government on how - - to proceed . henry it 'a no fun break order , Doctor . , but my duty '' ° carrington ( cut in sharply ) you duty be to the Army you represent ! ( continued ) 133 56 ( continued ) henry ( quietly ) my first duty as a man be to the human race . there 's a enemy of it come after we . I be go to kill it . redding enter from the corridor . he hand Henry a switch on the end of a long wire . redding here 's you opsrate switch . henry thanks . redding glance curiously at carrington and return toward the rear room . dyke be stand by the intercom panel . he push a button . a subdued squealing come out of the communicator . henry ( sharply ) what 's that ? , dyke I have get the intercom open to the greenhouse . listen to they . as he talk the room fill with a insistent mew as if from a myriad of voice . henry you friend sound hungry , carrington . skeely ( as the voice rise ) they must be big boy now . dyke Tho wild carrot be come - bo carrington : '' ( he voice rise in anger ) , you be do mor than break Army order , Captain ! you be robbing the human mind ! henry you ¢an testify to . that effect at my court martial , Doctor . ( con tinued ) 134 56 ( continued ) carrington ( tensely - and control himself again ) a secret have come to we , great than any secret ever reveal to science . it must not be destroy ! it must be study - and learn . 's henry ( quietly ) . I see it , carrington . it 's not something to put under glass ~ and examine . and there be thousand more of they hatehing . they will reproduce like weed . they will tear the world apart < carrington that do not matter ! '' i nry ( softly ) it kind of matter to I . carringt on ( grow wilder ) knowledge be moré important than life , Captain . we have only one excuse for exist - to think , to find out , to learn what be unknown , dyke we have not a chance to learn anything frem that pookey martian , except a quick way to die , Doctor . henry I be order you back , carrington . carrington ( full of a curious fury ) it do not matter what happen to ust | we be not animal , we be a brain that think ! nothing else count , except we think . we have think we way into nature . wetve split the atom - dyke yeah , and thet sure make the world happy , do not itt the mew out of the wall speaker increasess ( continued ) 56 ( continued ) 135 henry itve order you out , carrington . carrington ( wildly ) we owe it to the brain of we species to stand here and die without destroy a source of wisdom ! Captain , I beseech you . Science , government , the Army =< civilization have give we order . henry ( grimly ) they be wrong order , they come from people . who do not know what they be talk about . skeely I be with you there , Henry . ina pinch I always put my money on a little man - against all top brass . carrington ( wildly to Henry ) you set yourself above all human progress , above all science ! ( quietly ) I set myself against a enemy , carrington . macauliff come on , Doctor . you have say you piece this be one time when science do not blow up the world esejust to see what make it tick . dyke ( suddenly ) the geiger ! he pick up the counter , it be click more vapldly ... henry Inside , carrington . dyke seize carrington . the Doctor go with he . ( continued ) 136 56 ( continued ) carr ington ( from the door into the underground passage ) you be fool ! you will never hurt it ? it 's wiser , stronger - dyke shut up - 1 he push carrington into the passage into the generator room , nikki , chapman and hendrix follow . dyke shut the door behind they and then rejoin though group in the radio room . it consist of Henry , macauliff , ericson , skeely and dyke , Henry turn and see skeely . henry . sorry , skeely . this be front line . no civilian allow . skeely that do : not include the presa , captain henry get in with the other , skeely . you do not belong here . skeely ( grin ) I do not belong at alamein or bouganville ~- or Okinawa , just hang around as a kibitzen , I be also @ very good obit writer . pignore I , please , . Henry grin and decide to ignore he . '' he turn to dyke , . henry you get the geiger , Eddie . dyke yeah , no change . : macauliff the temperature be now twenty - two . henry keep move around , théttll help a little . . ( continued ) ff 137 56 ( continued ) ericson ( try to keep he voice casual ) Excuse I , Pat , but would not it be a better idea to wait at the other end of the tunnel . henry no , Ken . we receive in here . dyke any reason , Pat ? henry psychology . we boy seem kind of smart . he 's go to notice a empty room - and a lot of fence '' wire laid , and sit down to think it over - for a few hour . but if it find we out here wait , he will chase we back into the trap . ~ skeely provide we be able to move . henry that 's right . skeely frozen bait , eh ? macauliff how can it get cold so quick ? . ( to dyke ) you be turn blue , ' henry keep move , boy se they . pacee ericson must be zero . dyke ‘( from the thermometer ) wass : next stop five below . t macauliff come Mr. martian ~ and get some nice scotch blood ~ 110 proof , ' nothin ' like it for bablest '' ' ( continued ) : v he 138 56 ( continued ) ericson ( pace ) cut it out - '' macauliff I never think I would be in a hurry to see that lad again . ericson ( gesture toward the intercom from which the mow noise be still issue - now in a sudden crescendo ) that thing give I the fantodss okay if I shut it off , Captain ? skeely no , dontt / I like the gooseflesh . keeps I warm , there be a moment or two of silence . ' the man keep move and swirlging they arm . dyke I do not hear the geiger . : henry it 's go . ericson faster ? henry two point . dyke then het on he wayt 4 wacauliff maybé . I get a worry . : dyke j ( to Henry , salute : _ lake a courier ) . a report from the front , Captain . brother macauliff have a worry . '' ' : macauliff it 'sino joke . ' ( continued ) 56 ( continued ) 139 ericson ( tensely ) spill itt macauliff what if it can read we mind ? dyke ( pace ) it 's go to be sore when it get to you - a blank page , macauliff ( angrily ) they be work on telepathy in this country be not they ? so they have probably get it on Mars , considerint the superior type of carrot they produce . so it know everything we be sayin ! and think and i¢ 'li wait till we be froze stiff in we own trap before it - '' - renry ( sharply ) it 's come closer , ( the mew have stop . there be silence . the geiger counter be hear click ) _ up two more point . dyke ( pat Henry on the back ) a real strategist , you will be a general yety skeely not a chance not enough fat in he heady ericson ( stare at the counter in Henry 's hand ) it 's stand still now . dyke get its wind . henry keep move - ( continued ) 56 ( continued ) 140 skeely ( as he pace ) I remember the first electrocution I ever cover . Ruth Snyder and judd grey - I will never forget how madam Snyder bounce in the chair when they give she she last permanent . we be all watch she eye and - henry ( sharply ) hold itl skeely become silent . the quickened click of the geiger fill the room . dyke ( softly ) thar she blows} henry ( he voice precise ) when it come in , you_get into the passage first , skeely . ( he point to the open passage door ) you next , Ken . then Mac , then Eddie . get that ? ( the man nod ) do not start fall back till its in the room and see use I will earry the switch . take care when I turn the juice on that you do not touch the wall . you will get electrocute if you dos macauliffp what if the thousand volt be not enough , Pat ? . dyke five hundred burn one of the sprout . macaulifp you can kill a baby with a fly swatter - you need a baseball bat for a mane how do we know it will not walk right through . henry ( courtly ) we do not know . but we will find out . all set ? ( continued ) 141 56 ( continued ) dyke ( quietly ) yes , sir , the geiger counter be now click loudly , holding axe and hatchet in they glove hand , the man take they position as Captain Henry indicate , henry ( quietly ) if the voltage do not stop it , keep swinging at its arm , macauliff ( suddenly ) it 's outside ! it 's come in ! a oreak of wood come from the doorway , i skeely yeah , we get a caller , henry - wait till it show ~ before you move } at this moment the light go out , skeely ( in the dark ) what the holy -=! macauliff ( call inthe dark ) the juice be off } ericson ( bawling out in the dark ) put on the light , the geiger click and the mew fill the darkness , the outline of the door begin to glow in the dark , as the creature burn away at it , ees ( comtrnvep ) oy Pew 14 . 56 ( continued ) 57 nikkix voice ( yell ) pati ! Pat ! carrington 's disconnect the genorator ! henry's voice mac} come with I ! Eddie ~- hold that thing back as long as you can ! dyke Roger = redding's voice ( call down the passageway ) '' Captain Henry - watch out ~ : carrington 's get a gun ! we hear the sound of foot crash against the wire webbing as Henry and macauliff run along the tunnel , the doorway 's outline continue to glow more brightly , dissolve to : int , generator room it be entirely dark , Henry 's flashlight stab into the room , it swivel around quickly , pause briefly on nikkit panicky face , flash over the frightcne face of the other , then find carrington , carrington stand with a gun in he hand , stare wildly , / caprington . ‘( as the flashlight hit he ) tne shoot} . I will shoot if anyone ouch that generator ! . i Henry 's response be to charge forward , he grab the revolver with one hand , and hit carrington with the other , jarrington fall unconscious , alongside the generator , , Henry seize carrington 's revolver , henry ( as he retrieve the revolver ) mac! redding ! get that generator connect ! . ' ( continued ) 143 , 57 ( continued ) 58 he dart out as Mac and redding turn they flashlight on the generator and fall to work , dissolve to : int , radio room the redly glow door begin to fall inward , as it topple , dyke ! voice be hear , dyke never mind the gun , use you axe ! the creature stand reveal in the doorway radioactivit cause it to shimmer weirdly in the dark , it pause a moment in the doorway , then move toward though little group in the mouth of the passageway , henry's voice {in the dark ) fall back , fellow - get go , skeely ! you next , Ken ! move } the group retreat in order down the passageway , the thing pause at the entrance of the corridor , macauliff' voice ( in the dark ) all connect - okay , Pat -- the tunnel light begin to glow redly , revealing the Army group retreate over the fence wire , the creature be advance toward thom , but have not yet enter the trap . tunnel , ericson itts.connect ! whattre you wait for , Pat ? ( continued ) 144 58 ( continued ) henry ( coolly ) I be wait to catch it in the middle of the tunnel , Ken , take it easy , son , at this moment there come the sound of a scuffling from the generator room , a figure burst out into though tunnel , as we hear a chorus of " grab he , " " shut the door , " " hold he + he 's crazy , " etc , the figure be carrington , he push by Henry , dyke and the rest of the Army group , and run the longth of the corridor , he come to a halt at the far end of the corridor , face the creature , carrington , only a few foot away from the unearthly visitor , extend he arm in a q plead ' gesture , 3 '' ! henry ( during this ) grab he ! Eddie ! stop he ! dyke '' too late , shall I go get he ? henry ( after a split second ) no , no , Eddie , dontt , fall back , & the Army group continue to retreat , carrington ( he face dimly / visible in the uo ' pefract light of the creature 's yj , phogphores¢noce ) list , n to I - itm you friend ! look , my hand aro in the air ~ I have no weapon - I be you friend - you must understend that , you be wiser than T + you |must understand I be try . to help you - do not come any further , thoytill kill youl ! look at I , itm.defenseless ~.. you must seo that I do not mean to hurt you - I want to know you '+ to help you - ( | ( continued ) . 58 ( continued ) carrington ( cont would ) believe may you have a greator intelligence than anything on Earth - use it - use it - look at I and know what I be try to tell you - I be not you enemy - I be a scientist - a scientist ! the creature have pause before carrington 's tirade as if study he , now , without haste , it lift one arm , and flick its hand at carrington 's throat , carrington fall to though floor almost decapitate , he last word still gurgle in he throat . the creature step over carrington 's corpse and enter the tunnel , it advance five or six step , i henry ( cry sharply ) watch out ! here we go} he press the switch in he hand , a bombardment of huge spark leap from coiling to floor , the creature be catch in the lightning flash , it stand motionless as the thousand volt bolt crack through it from head to foot , in front of it stand the five mon - axe ready , and weirdly visible in the spitting light , the creature begin to glow like a filament , then burst into flame , it sink to the ground , henry dontt move anybody ! skeely ( point a small camera ) keep that light go ! I get he ) I get he t ( continued ) 8/29/50 146 , 58 ( continued ) the creaturet form melt in the flame . as it dwindle away , Henry end the spark bombardment . the light of the passage come up full , the man move toward the heap of ash remain of the creature . henry ( to Mac ) go tell they it 's over - and to get the furnace go . as macauliff move to obey , chapman , nikki and a number of the refugee come out of the generator room , nikki Dr. carrington - what happen to he , ( quietly ) he 's dead , skeely ( to Henry , kneel over carrington 's remain . ) a clean sweep , Captain . both monster be dead , dissolve 59 int . radio room 7 a.m. the wind 4s still blow , the snow still swirl outside the tower window . hendrix sit exhaust at he radio send panel . skeely be hoarse and almost out on he foot with sleep , he drink coffee , a coffee pot be boil over on a electric stove ' beside he . Captain Henry sit on the cot bed , he be try to stey awake . chapman ( to Henry ) that pill take hold ? henry ( foggily ) I will say . chapman do not fight they , relax . henry I have get to have : bivin ( continued ) : 8/29/50 147 59 ( continued ) chapman that can all wait . first you have get to rest , we all do , he go out . skeely ( drink coffee ) she clear ? hendrix just a minute . ( into mike ) dutch Harbor , can you hear I ? voice ( back out of radio ) dutch Harbor - reception clear . skeely ( excited and hoarse ) itm on ! voice General fogarty stand by for Captain Henry . henry ( eye close ) come -- I be come . instead he sink onto the cot bed , skbely ( at the microphone ) North pole , November 15 - ned skeely report - voice ( come back ) General fogarty stand by for Captain Henry . skeely ( into mike ) tell General fogarty to read it in the papers , flash , the world 's great battle be fight and win today by the human race , here at the top of the world a handful of american soldier and civilian wipe out the first invasion from another planet , ( continued ) 8/29/50 148 59 ( continued ) voice ( over radio ) Captain Henry - come in , General fogarty stand by . as skeely continue to broadcast , nikki enter , she look around sleepily . she see Henry stretch out on the cot bed , go to he and start shaking he awake , but nothing will rouse he , fail to bring Henry to wakefullness , nikki smile sleepily and stretch out in the cot beside he . she close she eye , . . Henry open he eye and look at she fogetly , . he try to embrace she but cannot . henry ( drowsily ) untie I , honey . nikki you bet I will , tomorrow , Henry stick he nose into she neck and fall happily asleep . during this skeely be broadcasting . skeely . ~ fenswer voice ) stand by , all newspaper ! flash continue ! this first skirmish for the possession of the earth by the creature from space be win by the dare leadership of Captain Patrick Henry . noah once save the world with a ark of wood , Captain Henry perform a similar service for we planet with a be of electricity . but , lady and gentleman of the globe = there be a enemy hover over we head ~ a enemy with a armada of fly saucer , and a army of super human and fantastic warrior , every citizen of the iworld must become a sentinel watch the sky , keep look for the next fly saucer - watch the sky , watch everything over you head = throw a ring of watch towerg around the earth - keep look = look 's '' look - fade .out