the big lebowski we be float up a steep scrubby slope . we hear male voice gently sing " tumble tumbleweed " and a deep , affable , western - accented voice -- Sam elliot 's , perhaps : voice -over a way out west there be a fella , fella I want to tell you about , fella by the name of Jeff lebowski . at least , that be the handle he lovin ' parent give he , but he never have much use for it himself . this lebowski , he call himself the dude . now , dude , that 's a name no one would self - apply where I come from . but then , there be a lot about the dude that do not make a whole lot of sense to I . and a lot about where he live , like - wise . but then again , maybe that 's why I find the place s'durn innarestin ' . we top the rise and the smoggy vastness of Los Angeles at twilight stretch out before we . voice -over they call Los Angeles the City of angel . I do not find it to be that exactly , but I will allow as there be some nice folk there . ' course , I can not say I see London , and I never be to France , and I be not never see no queen in she damn undy as the fella say . but I will tell you what , after see Los Angeles and thisahere story I be about to unfold -- wal , I guess I see something ' ever ' bit as stupefyin ' as ya would see in any a that other place , and in English too , so I can die with a smile on my face without feelin' like the good Lord gyp I . interior ralph be it be late , the supermarket all but desert . we be tracking in on a fortyish man in bermuda short and sunglass at the dairy case . he be the dude . his rumple look and relaxed manner suggest a man in whom casualness run deep . he be feel quart of milk for coldness and examine they expiration date . voice - over now this story I be about to unfold take place back in the early ninety -- just about the time of we conflict with sad be and the eye-racky . I only mention it ' cause some - time there 's a man -- I will not say a hee - ro , ' cause what 's a hee - ro ? -- but sometimes there 's a man . the dude glance furtively about and then open a quart of milk . he stick he nose in the spout and sniff . voice - over and I be talkin ' about the dude here -- sometimes there 's a man who , wal , he 's the man for he time and place , he fit right in there -- and that 's the dude , in Los Angeles . checkout girl she wait , arm fold . a small black - and white tv next to she register show George Bush on the White House lawn with helicopter rotor spin behind he . GEORGE BUSH this aggression will not stand . . . this will not stand ! the dude , peek over he shade , scribbles something at the little customer 's lectern . milk bead he mustache . voice -over ... and even if he 's a lazy man , and the dude be certainly that -- quite possibly the laziest in Los Angeles County . the dude have he Ralph 's shopper 's Club card to one side and be make out a check to Ralph 's for sixty - nine cent . voice -over ... which would place he high in the runnin ' for laziest worldwide -- but sometimes there 's a man . . . sometimes there 's a man . exterior ralph be Long shot of the glow Ralph 's . there be only two or three car park in the huge lot . voice -over Wal , I lose m'train of think here . but -- aw hell , I do innerduce he enough . the dude be a small figure walk across the vast lot . next to he walk a mexican carry - out boy in a red apron and cap carry a small brown bag hold the quart of milk . the two man 's footstep echo in the still of the night . after a beat of walk the dude offhandedly point . dude it 's the lebaron . dude' house the dude be go up the walkway of a small Venice bungalow court . he hold the paper sack in one hand and a small leatherette satchel in the other . he awkwardly hug the grocery bag against he chest as he turn a key in he door . inside the dude enter and flick on a light . his head be grab from behind and tuck into a armpit . we track with he as he be rush through the live room , he arm hold the satchel flail away from he body . go into the bedroom the outflung satchel catch a piece of doorframe and wallboard and rip through it , leave a hole . the dude be propel across the bedroom and on into a small bathroom , the satchel once again take away a piece of doorframe . his head be plunge into the toilet . the paper bag hugge to he chest explode milk as it hit the toilet rim and the satchel pulverize tile as it crash to the floor . the dude blow bubbles . voice we want that money , lebowski . Bunny say you be good for it . hand haul the dude out of the toilet . the dude blubber and gasp for air . voice where 's the money , lebowski ! his head be plunge back into the toilet . voice where 's the money , lebowski ! the hand haul he out again , drip and gasp . voice where' the fucking money , shithead ! dude it 's uh , it 's down there somewhere . lemme take another look . his head be plunge back in . voice do not fuck with we . if you wife owe money to Jackie treehorn , that mean you owe money to Jackie treehorn . the inquisitor haul the dude 's head out one last time and flop he over so that he sit on the floor , back against the toilet . the dude grope back in the toilet with one hand . loom over he be a strapping blond man . Beyond in the live room a young chinese man unzip he fly and walk over to a rug . chinese man ever thus to deadbeat , lebowski . he start pee on the rug . the dude 's hand come out of the toilet bowl with he sunglass . dude oh , man . do not do -- blond man you see what happen ? you see what happen , lebowski ? the dude put on he drip sunglass . dude look , nobody call I lebowski . you get the wrong guy . I be the dude , man . blond man you name be lebowski . you wife be Bunny . dude Bunny ? look , moron . he hold up he hand . dude you see a wedding ring ? do this place look like I be fuck marry ? all my plant be dead ! the blond man stoops to unzip the satchel . he pull out a bowl ball and examine it in the manner of a superstitious native . blond man the fuck be this ? the dude pat at he pocket , take out a joint and light it . dude obviously you be not a golfer . the blond man drop the ball which pulverize more tile . blond man woo ? the chinese man be zipping he fly . woo yeah ? blond man be not this guy suppose to be a millionaire ? woo uh ? they both look around . woo fuck . blond man what do you think ? woo he look like a fuckin ' loser . the dude pull he sunglass down he nose with one finger and peek over they . dude hey . at least I be housebroken . the two man look at each other . they turn to leave . woo fuckin ' waste of time . the blond man turn testily at the door . blond man thanks a lot , asshole . on the door slam we CUT to : bowling pin scatter by a strike . Music and head credit play over various bowl shot -- pin fly , bowler hoist ball , ball glide down lane , slide foot , graceful release , ball return spin up a ball , finger slide into fingerhole , etc . the music turn into boomy source music , come from a distant jukebox , as the credit end over a clatter strike . a lanky blonde man with stringy hair tie back in a ponytail turn from the strike to walk back to the bench . man hot damn , I be throwin ' rock tonight . Mark it , dude . we be tracking in on the circular bench towards a big man nursing a large plastic cup of Bud . he have dark worried eye and a goatee . hairy leg emerge from he khaki short . he also wear a khaki army surplus shirt with the sleeve cut off over a old bowl shirt . this be walter . he squint through the smoke from he own cigarette as he address the dude at the scoring table . the dude , also hold a large plastic cup of Bud , wear some of its foam on he mustache . walter this be a value rug . he elaborately clear he throat . walter this be , uh -- dude yeah man , it really tie the room together -- walter this be a value , uh . donny , the strike -score bowler , enter and sit next walter . donny what tie the room together , dude ? walter be you listen to the story , donny ? donny what -- walter be you listen to the dude 's story ? donny I be bowl -- walter so you have no frame of reference , donny . you be like a child who wander in in the middle of a movie and want to know -- dude what 's you point , walter ? walter there 's no fuck reason -- here 's my point , dude -- there 's no fuck reason -- donny yeah walter , what 's you point ? walter huh ? dude what 's the point of -- we all know who be at fault , so what the fuck be you talk about ? walter huh ? no ! what the fuck be you talk -- I be not -- we're talk about uncheck aggression here -- donny what the fuck be he talk about ? dude my rug . walter forget it , donny . you be out of you element . dude this chinaman who peed on my rug , I can not go give he a bill so what the fuck be you talk about ? walter what the fuck be you talk about ?! this chinaman be not the issue ! I be talk about draw a line in the sand , dude . across this line you do not , uh -- and also , dude , chinaman be not the prefer , uh . . . asian - american . please . dude walter , this be not a guy who build the rail - road , here , this be a guy who peed on my -- walter what the fuck be you -- dude walter , he peed on my rug -- donny he peed on the dude 's rug -- walter you're out of you element ! this chinaman be not the issue , dude . dude so who -- walter Jeff lebowski . come on . this other Jeffrey lebowski . the millionaire . he 's gonna be easier to find anyway than this two , uh. this two . . . and he have the wealth , uh , the resource obviously , and there be no reason , no fucking reason , why he wife should go out and owe money and they pee on you rug . be I wrong ? dude no , but -- walter be I wrong ! dude yeah , but -- walter okay . that , uh . he elaborately clear he throat . that rap really tie the room together , do it not ? dude fuckin ' A. donny and this guy peed on it . walter donny ! please ! dude yeah , I could find this lebowski guy -- donny his name be lebowski ? that 's you name , dude ! dude yeah , this be the guy , this guy should compensate I for the fuck rug . I mean he wife go out and owe money and they pee on my rug . walter thaaat 's right dude ; they pee on you fuck rug . close on a plaque we pull back from the name jeffrey lebowski engrave in silver to reveal that the plaque , from variety club International , honors lebowski as achiever of the year . reflected in the plaque we see the dude enter the room with a young man . we hear the two man talk : young man and this be the study . you can see the various commendation , honorary degree , et cetera . dude yes , uh , very impressive . young man please , feel free to inspect they . dude I be not really , uh . young man please ! please ! dude uh-huh . we be pan the wall , look at various citation and certificate unrelated to the one be discuss offscreen : young man that 's the key to the city of pasadena , which Mr. lebowski be give two year ago in recognition of he various civic , uh . dude uh-huh . young man that 's a Los Angeles chamber of commerce Business achiever award , which be give - - not necessarily give every year ! give only when there 's a worthy , somebody especially -- dude hey , be this he with Nancy ? young man that be indeed Mr. lebowski with the first lady , yes , take when -- dude lebowski on the right ? young man of course , Mr. lebowski on the right , Mrs. Reagan on the leave , take when -- dude he 's handicapped , huh ? young man Mr. lebowski be disabled , yes . and this picture be take when Mrs. Reagan be first lady of the nation , yes , yes ? not of California . dude Far out . young man and in fact he meet privately with the President , though unfortunately there be not time for a photo opportunity . dude Nancy 's pretty good . young man wonderful woman . we be very -- dude be this . young man this be Mr. lebowski 's child , so to speak -- dude different mother , huh ? young man no , they -- dude I guess he 's pretty , uh , racially pretty cool -- young man they be not he , heh -heh , they be not literally he child ; they be the Little lebowski urban achiever , inner-city child of promise but without the -- dude I see . young man -- without the mean for higher education , so Mr. lebowski have commit to send all of they to college . dude jeez . think he 's get room for one more ? young man one -- oh ! heh -heh . you never go to college ? dude well , yeah I do , but I spend most of my time occupy various , um , administration building -- young man heh-heh -- dude -- smoking thai-stick , break into the rotc -- young man yes , heh -- dude -- and bowl . I will tell you the truth , brandt , I do not remember most of it . -- jeez ! fuck I ! we continue track and pan have bring we onto a frame life Magazine cover which be headline be you a lebowski achiever ? oddly , the dude 's sunglass face be on it ; we realize that , under the magazine 's logo and headline , the display be mirrore . we hear the door open and the whine of a motor . the dude , wear short and a bowl shirt , turn to look . so do brandt , the young man we have be listen to . he wear a suit and have he hand clasped in front of he groin . enter the room be a fat sixtyish man in a motorize wheelchair -- Jeff lebowski . lebowski okay sir , you be a lebowski , I be a lebowski , that 's terrific , I be very busy so what can I do for you ? he wheel himself behind a desk . the dude sit face he as brandt withdraw . dude well sir , it 's this rug I have , really tie the room together - lebowski you tell brandt on the phone , he tell I . so where do I fit in ? dude well they be look for you , this two guy , they be try to -- lebowski I will say it again , all right ? you tell brandt . he tell I . I know what happen . yes ? yes ? dude so you know they be try to piss on you rug -- lebowski do I urinate on you rug ? dude you mean , do you personally come and pee on my -- lebowski hello ! do you speak English ? parla usted inglese ? I will say it again . do I urinate on you rug ? dude well no , like I say , woo peed on the rug -- lebowski hello ! hello ! so every time -- I just want to understand this , sir - - every time a rug be micturate upon in this fair city , I have to compensate the -- dude come on , man , I be not try to scam anybody here , I be just -- lebowski you be just look for a handout like every other - - be you employ , Mr. lebowski ? dude look , let I explain something . I be not Mr. lebowski ; you be Mr. lebowski . I be the dude . so that 's what you call I . that , or duder . his dudeness . or El duderino , if , you know , you be not into the whole brevity thing -- lebowski be you employ , sir ? dude employ ? lebowski you do not go out and make a live dress like that in the middle of a weekday . dude be this a-- what day be this ? lebowski but I do work , so if you do not mind -- dude no , look . I do mind . the dude mind . this will not stand , ya know , this will not stand , man . I mean , if you wife owe -- lebowski my wife be not the issue here . I hope that my wife will someday learn to live on she allowance , which be ample , but if she do not , sir , that will be she problem , not mine , just as you rug be you problem , just as every bum 's lot in life be he own responsibility regardless of whom he choose to blame . I do not blame anyone for the loss of my leg , some chinaman in Korea take they from I but I go out and achieve anyway . I can not solve you problem , sir , only you can . the dude rise . dude ah fuck it . lebowski sure ! fuck it ! that 's you answer ! tattoo it on you forehead ! you answer to everything ! the dude be head for the door . lebowski you " revolution " be over , Mr. lebowski ! condolence ! the bum lose ! as the dude open the door . lebowski ... my advice be , do what you parent do ! get a job , sir ! the bum will always lose -- do you hear I , lebowski ? the bum will always -- the dude shut the door on the old man 's bellow to find himself -- hallway -- in a high coffere hallway . brandt be approach . brandt how be you meeting , Mr. lebowski ? dude okay . the old man tell I to take any rug in the house . walkway a houseman with a roll - up carpet on one shoulder go down a stone walk that wind through the back lawn , past a swim pool to a garage . brandt and the dude follow . brandt manolo will load it into you car for you , uh , dude . dude it 's the lebaron . dude' point of view track toward the pool . a young woman sit face it , she back to we , lean forward to paint she toenail . Beyond she a black form float in a inflatable chair in the pool . brandt well , enjoy , and perhaps we will see you again some time , dude . dude yeah sure , if I be ever in the neighborhood , need to use the john . closer track arcing around the woman 's foot as she finish painting the nail emerald green . the dude look . wider the young woman look up at he . she be in she early twenty . she lean back and extend she leg toward the dude . young woman blow on they . the dude pull he sunglass down he nose and peek over they . dude huh ? she waggle she foot and giggle . young woman g'ahead . blow . the dude tentatively grab hold of she extend foot . dude you want I to blow on you toe ? young woman uh-huh . . . I can not blow that far . the dude look over at the pool . dude you sure he will not mind ? the man bob in the inflatable chair be pass out . he be thin , in he thirty , with long stringy blond hair . he wear black leather pants and a black leather jacket , open , shirtless , expose fine blond chest hair and pale skin . one arm trail off into the water ; next to it , a empty whiskey bottle bob . young woman dieter do not care about anything . he 's a nihilist . dude practice ? the young woman smile . young woman you be not blow . brandt nervously take the dude by the elbow . brandt we guest have to be get along , Mrs. lebowski . the dude grudgingly allow himself to be lead away , still look at the young woman . dude you be Bunny ? bunny I will suck you cock for a thousand dollar . brandt release a gale of force laughter : brandt ha-ha-ha-ha ! wonderful woman . very free-spirite . we be all very fond of she . bunny brandt can not watch though . or he have to pay a hundred . brandt ha-ha-ha-ha-ha ! that 's marvelous . he continue to lead away the dude , who look back over he shoulder : dude I be just gonna find a cash machine . bowling pin scatter by a strike . the bowlers donny call out from the bench : donny grasshopper dude -- they're dead in the water !! as the dude walk back to the scoring table he turn to another team in black bowl shirt -- the Cavaliers - - that share the lane . dude you maple , Carl . walter , just arrive , be carry a leatherette satchel in one hand and a large plastic carrier in the other . walter Way to go , dude . if you will it , it be no dream . dude you be fuck twenty minute late . what the fuck be that ? walter Theodore herzel . dude huh ? walter State of Israel . if you will it , dude , it be no -- dude what the fuck're you talk about ? the carrier . what 's in the fuck carrier ? walter huh ? oh -- Cynthia 's pomeranian . can not leave he home alone or he eat the furniture . dude what the fuck be you -- walter I be say , Cynthia 's pomeranian . I be look after it while Cynthia and marty ackerman be in Hawaii . dude you bring a fuck pomeranian bowl ? walter what do you mean " bring it bowl " ? I do not rent it shoe . I be not buy it a fuck beer . he 's not gonna take you fuck turn , dude . he let the small yapping dog out of the carrier . it scoot around the bowl table , sniff at bowler and wag its tail . dude hey , man , if my fuck ex - wife ask I to take care of she fuck dog while she and she boyfriend go to honolulu , I would tell she to go fuck herself . why can not she board it ? walter first of all , dude , you do not have a ex , secondly , it 's a fuck show dog with fuck papers . you can not board it . it get upset , its hair fall out . dude hey man -- walter Fucking dog have papers , dude . -- over the line ! smokey turn from he last roll to look at walter . walter smokey huh ? walter over the line , smokey ! I be sorry . that 's a foul . smokey bullshit . eight , dude . walter Excuse I ! Mark it zero . next frame . smokey bullshit . walter ! walter this be not nam . this be bowl . there be rule . dude come on walter , it 's just -- it 's smokey . so he toe slip over a little , it 's just a game . walter this be a league game . this determine who enter the next round - robin , be I wrong ? smokey yeah , but -- walter be I wrong !? smokey yeah , but I be not over . gimme the marker , dude , I be mark it a eight . walter take out a gun . walter smokey my friend , you be enter a world of pain . dude hey walter -- walter Mark that frame a eight , you be enter a world of pain . smokey I be not -- walter a world of pain . a manager in a bowl - shirt style uniform be run for a phone . smokey look dude , I do not hold with this . this guy be you partner , you should -- walter prime the gun and point it at he head . walter have the whole world gone crazy ? am I the only one here who give a shit about the rule ? MARK it zero ! the pomeranian be excitedly yapping at walter 's elbow , make high body -twist tail - wag leap . dude walter , they be call the cop , put the piece away . walter MARK it zero ! smokey walter -- walter you think i'm fucking around here ? MARK it zero !! smokey all right ! there it be ! it 's fuck zero ! he point frantically at the score project above the lane . smokey you happy , you crazy fuck ? walter this be a league game , smokey ! parking lot walter and the dude walk to the dude 's car . the pomeranian trot happily behind walter who tote the empty carrier . dude walter , you can not do that . this guy be like I , they be pacificist . smokey be a conscientious objector . walter you know dude , I myself dabble with pacifism at one point . not in nam , of course -- dude and you know smokey have emotional problem ! walter you mean -- beyond pacifism ? dude he 's fragile , man ! he 's very fragile ! as the two man get into the car : walter huh . I do not know that . well , it 's water under the bridge . and we do enter the next round -robin , be I wrong ? dude no , you be not wrong -- walter be I wrong ! dude you be not wrong , walter , you be just a asshole . they watch a squad car take a squealing turn into the lot . walter okay then . we play quintana and o'brien next week . they will be pushover . dude just , just take it easy , walter . walter that 's you answer to everything , dude . and let I point out -- pacifism be not -- look at we current situation with that camelfucker in Iraq -- pacifism be not something to hide behind . dude well , just take 't easy , man . walter I be perfectly calm , dude . dude yeah ? wavin ' a gun around ?! walter ( smugly ) calmer than you be . -his irritate the dude further . dude just take it easy , man ! walter be still smug . walter calmer than you be . dude' house a large , brilliant Persian rug lie beneath the dude 's beat - up old furniture . at the table next to the answer machine the dude be mixing kalhua , rum and milk . voice dude , this be smokey . look , I do not wanna be a hard - on about this , and I know it be not you fault , but I just think it be fair to tell you that gene and I will be submit this to the League and ask they to set aside the round . or maybe forfeit it to we -- dude shit ! voice -- so , like I say , just think , you know , fair warning . tell walter . a beep . another voice Mr. lebowski , this be brandt at , uh , well - - at Mr. lebowski 's office . please call we as soon as be convenient . beep . another voice Mr. lebowski , this be Fred dynarski with the Southern Cal bowl League . I just get a , a informal report , uh , that a uh , a member of you team , uh , walter sobchak , draw a load weapon during league play -- we hear the doorbell . the door it swing open to reveal a short , hairy , muscular but bald middle - age man in a black T-shirt and black cut - off jeans . dude hiya allan . allan dude , I finally get the venue I want . I be perform my dance quintet -- you know , my cycle - - at crane Jackson 's Fountain Street theatre on Tuesday night , and I would love it if you come and give I note . the dude take a swig of he kalhua . dude sure allan , I will be there . allan dude , uh , tomorrow be already the tenth . dude yeah , yeah I know . okay . allan just , uh , just slip the rent under my door . dude yeah , okay . back in the live room the voice continue on the machine . voice -- serious infraction , and examine you stand . thank you . beep . voice Mr. lebowski , brandt again . please do call we when you get in and I will send the limo . let I assure you -- I hope you be not avoid this call because of the rug , which , I assure you , be not a problem . we need you help and , uh -- well we would very much like to see you . thank you . it 's brandt . tracking we be push brandt down the high -ceiling hallway . distantly , we hear a dolorous soprano . brandt talk back over he shoulder : brandt we have have some terrible news . Mr. lebowski be in seclusion in the West wing . dude huh . brandt throw open a pair of heavy double door . the music wash over we as we enter a great study where Jeffrey lebowski , a blanket throw over he knee , stare hauntedly into a fire , listen to lohengrin . brandt announce , ambiguously : brandt Mr. lebowski . Jeffrey lebowski wave the dude in without look around . lebowski it 's funny . I can look back on a life of achievement , on challenge meet , competitor best , obstacle overcome . I have accomplish more than most man , and without the use of my leg . what . . . what make a man , Mr. lebowski ? dude dude . lebowski huh ? dude I do not know , sir . lebowski be it . . . be it , be prepare to do the right thing ? whatever the price ? be not that what make a man ? dude sure . that and a pair of testicles . lebowski turn away from the dude with a haunt stare , lose in think . lebowski you be joke . but perhaps you be right . the dude thump at he chest pocket . dude mind if I smoke a jay ? lebowski Bunny . he turn back around and the firelight show teartrack on he cheek . dude ' scuse I ? lebowski Bunny lebowski . . . she be the light of my life . be you surprised at my tear , sir ? dude fuckin ' A. lebowski strong man also cry . . . strong man also cry . he clear he throat . lebowski I receive this fax this morning . brandt hastily pull a flimsy sheet from he clipboard and hand it to the dude . lebowski as you can see , it be a ransom note . send by coward . Men who be unable to achieve on a level field of play . Men who will not sign they name . weakling . bum . the dude examine the fax : we have bunny . gather one million dollar in unmarked non - consecutive twenties . await instruction . no funny STUFF . dude bummer . lebowski look soulfully at the dude . lebowski brandt will fill you in on the detail . he wheel he chair around to once again gaze into the fire . brandt tug at the dude 's shirt and point he back to the hall . hallway the soprano 's sing be once again faint . brandt 's voice be hushed : brandt Mr. lebowski be prepare to make a generous offer to you to act as courier once we get instruction for the money . dude why I , man ? brandt he suspect that the culprit might be the very people who , uh , soile you rug , and you be in a unique position to confirm or , uh , disconfirm that suspicion . dude so he think it 's the carpet-pisser , huh ? brandt well dude , we just do not know . bowling pin crash --scatter by a strike , in slow motion . wider still in slow motion . we be look across the length of the bowl alley at a tall , thin , Hispanic bowler display perfect form . he wear a all - in- one dacron - polyester stretch bowl outfit with a racing stripe down each side . fast track in on the dude , sit next to walter in the mold plastic chair . the dude be stare off towards the bowler . dude Fucking quintana -- that creep can roll , man -- back to the bowler display great slow -motion form as the dude and walter 's conversation continue over . walter yeah , but he 's a fuck pervert , dude . dude huh ? walter the man be a sex offender . with a record . spend six month in chino for expose himself to a eight - year - old . flashback we see quintana , in press jeans and a stretchy sweater , walk up a stoop in a residential neighborhood and zing the bell . the voice -over conversation continue . dude huh . walter when he move down to Venice he have to go door- to - door to tell everyone he 's a pederast . the door swing open and a beer-swill middle - age man look dully out at quintana , who look hesitantly up . donny what 's a pederast , walter ? walter shut the fuck up , donny . pin scattered by a strike . quintana wheeling and thrust a black glove fist into the air . stitched above the breast pocket of he all - in- one be he first name , " Jesus " . back to walter and the dude they have be join by donny . walter anyway . how much they offer you ? dude twenty grand . and of course I still keep the rug . walter just for make the hand - off ? dude yeah . he slip a little black box out of he shirt pocket . dude ... they give dude a beeper , so whenever this guy call -- walter what if it 's during a game ? dude I tell he if it be during league play -- donny have be watch quintana . donny if what 's during league play ? walter life do not stop and start at you convenience , you miserable piece of shit . donny what 's wrong with walter , dude ? dude I figure it 's easy money , it 's all pretty harmless . I mean she probably kidnap herself . walter huh ? donny what do you mean , dude ? dude rug-peer do not do this . I mean look at it . Young trophy wife . marries a guy for money but figure he be not give she enough . she owe money all over town -- walter that ...fuck ... bitch ! dude it 's all a goddamn fake . like lenin say , look for the person who will benefit . and you will , uh , you know , you will , uh , you know what I be try to say -- donny I be the Walrus . walter that fuck bitch ! dude yeah . donny I be the Walrus . walter shut the fuck up , donny ! v.i. lenin ! Vladimir ilyich ulyanov ! donny what the fuck be he talk about ? walter that 's fuck exactly what happen , dude ! that make I fuck sick ! dude yeah , well , what do you care , walter ? donny yeah dude , why be walter so piss off ? walter that rich fuck ! this whole fuck thing -- I do not watch my buddy die face down in the muck so that this fuck strumpet -- dude I do not see any connection to Vietnam , walter . walter well , there be not a literal connection , dude . dude walter , face it , there be not any connection . it 's you roll . walter have it you way . the point be -- dude it 's you roll -- walter the fuck point be -- dude it 's you roll . voice be you ready to be fuck , man ? they both look up . quintana , on he way out , look down at they from the lip of the lane . over he polyester all - in- one he now wear a windbreaker with a racing stripe and " Jesus " stitched on the breast . he be hold a fancy black - and - red leather ball satchel ( perhaps a sylvia wein ) . behind he stand he partner , o'brien , a short fat irishman with tufte red hair . quintana I see you roll you way into the semis . deo mio , man . seamus and I , we be gonna fuck you up . dude yeah well , that 's just , ya know , like , you opinion , man . quintana look at walter . quintana let I tell you something , bendeco . you pull any you crazy shit with we , you flash a piece out on the lane , I will take it away from you and stick it up you ass and pull the fuck trigger till it go " click " . dude Jesus . quintana you say it , man . nobody fuck with the Jesus . Jesus walk away . walter nod sadly . walter eight -year-old , dude . dude' bungalow we be look down at the dude who be prone on the rug . his eye be close . he wear a walkman headset . leak tinnily through the headphone we can just hear a intermittent clatter . in he outflung hand lie a cassette case label venice beach league playoff 1987 . the dude absently lick he lip as we faintly hear a hall rumbling down the lane . on its impact with the pin , the dude open he eye . he scream . a blonde woman loom over he . next to she a young man in paint-spatter denim stoops and swing something towards the carrier . the sap catch the dude on the chin and send he head thunking back onto the rug . a million star explode against a field of black . we hear the " la-la-la - la " of the man in me. the black field dissolves into the pattern of the rug . the rug roll away to reveal a aerial view of the city of Los Angeles at twilight , move below we at great speed . the dude be fly over the city , he arm throw out in front of he , the wind whipping he hair and billow he bowl shirt . he look up . ahead the mysterious blonde woman wing away , riding on the dude 's rug like a sheik on a magic carpet . she be outpace we , grow smaller . the dude do a couple of lazy crawl stroke and then notice that a bowl ball have materialize in he forward hand . his bemusement turn to concern over the aerodynamic implication just as the ball seem to suddenly assume its weight , abruptly snap he arm down , and he after it . he be fall . from a high angle we see the dude hurtle down toward the city , drag by the ball . a reverse look up show the dude hurtle toward we out of the inky sky , he eye wide with horror . led by the bowl ball , he zoom past the camera leave we in black . we hear a distant rumble , like thunder . dull reflection materialize in the darkness . they be glint off the shiny surface of a oncoming bowl ball . we pull back to reveal that the blackness be the inside of a ball return , and the gleam bowl ball be be regurgitate up at we , overtake we . the dude look up , up , up at the loom ball , its mass roll a huge shadow across he face . the gleam ball show three dead black hole roll toward we -- finger hole . the large -- thumb -- hole roll directly over we , engulf we once again in black .. the black roll away and we be spin -- spin down a bowl lane -- we point of view that of someone trap in the thumbhole of the roll ball . we see the recede bowler spin away . it be the blonde woman , perform she follow - through . floor spin up at we and then away ; ceiling spin up and away ; the length of the alley with pin at the end ; floor ; ceiling ; approach pin ; again and again . we hit the pin and clatter into blackness . we hear pin spin , hit each other and drop . we hear a irritate , insistent beep . fade in we be close on the dude , upside down . as the picture fade in the bowl noise continue , but filter and faint . they come from the dude 's walkman , the headset of which be now askew , with one arm off he ear . as the dude open he eye we spiral slowly upward to put he right side around . his head be now rest against hardwood floor , not rug . dude oh man . he raise himself onto he elbow and massage the red lump on he jaw . the beeper on he belt be blink red in sync with the continue irritate beep . wide on the room a end table be upset , but otherwise the furniture be in place . the rug be go . the dude look around . the bowl sound continue . the beep continue . the phone start to jangle . track we push brandt down the familiar marble hallway . again there be a distant aria . brandt throw out a wrist to look at he watch . brandt they call about eighty minute ago . they want you to take the money and drive north on the 4 5 . they will call you on the portable phone with instruction in about forty minute . one person only or I would go with you . they be very clear on that : one person only . what happen to you jaw ? dude oh , nothin ' , you know . they have reach the little desk outside of the big lebowski 's office ; brandt open its bottom drawer with a key and take out a attache case . he hand this to the dude along with a cellular phone in a battery - pack carry case . brandt here 's the money , and the phone . please , dude , follow whatever instruction they give . dude uh-huh . brandt her life be in you hand . dude oh , man , do not say that .. brandt Mr. lebowski ask I to repeat that : her life be in you hand . dude shit . brandt her life be in you hand , dude . and report back to we as soon as it 's do . dude' car we pan off the dude , drive , to he point of view through the front windshield . the headlight play over walter stand wait in front of the storefront of sobchak security . though he be wear khaki short and shirt , the fact that he hold a batter brown briefcase make he look oddly like a commuter . he also hold a irregular shape bundle in brown wrapping paper . the car stop in front of he and he open the dude 's door and hand in the briefcase . walter take the ringer . I will drive . the dude take the briefcase and slide over . dude the what ? walter the ringer ! the ringer , dude ! have they call yet ? the dude open the briefcase and paw bemusedly through it as the car start roll . dude what the hell be this ? walter my dirty undy . Laundry , dude . the white . dude agh -- he close the briefcase . dude walter , I be sure there 's a reason you bring you dirty undy -- walter thaaaat 's right , dude . the weight . the ringer can not look empty . dude walter -- what the fuck be you think ? walter well you be right , dude , I get to think . I get to think why should we settle for a measly fuck twenty grand -- dude we ? what the fuck we ? you say you just want to come along -- walter my point , dude , be why should we settle for twenty grand when we can keep the entire million . be I wrong ? dude yes you be wrong . this be not a fuck game , walter - - walter it be a fuck game . you say so yourself , dude -- she kidnap herself -- dude ' yeah , but -- the phone chirp . dude grab it . dude dude here . voice ( german accent ) who be this ? dude dude the bagman . where do you want we to go ? voice ... we ? dude shit. . . uh , yeah , you know , I and the driver . I be not handle the money and drive the car and talk on the phone all by my fuck -- voice shut the fuck up . ( beat ) hello ? dude yeah ? voice okay , listen -- walter look over at the dude and bellow : walter dude , be you fuck this up ? voice who be that ? dude the driver man , I tell you -- click . dial tone . dude oh shit . walter . walter what the fuck be go on there ? dude they hang up , walter ! you fuck it up ! you fuck it up ! her life be in we hand ! walter easy , dude . dude we be screw now ! we do not get shit and they be gonna kill she ! we be fuck , walter ! walter dude , nothing be fuck . come on . you be be very un dude . they will call back . look , she kidnap she -- the phone chirp . walter ya see ? nothing be fuck up here , dude . nothing be fuck . this guy be fuck amateur -- dude shutup , walter ! do not fuck say peep when I be do business here . walter ( patronize ) okay dude . have it you way . the dude unclip the phone from the battery pack . walter but they be amateur . the dude glare at walter . into the phone : dude dude here . voice okay , vee proceed . but only if there be no funny stuff . dude yeah . voice so no funny stuff . okay ? dude hey , just tell I where the fuck you want we to go . a highway sign : simi valley road it flash by in the headlight of the roaring car . dude that be the sign . walter wrestle the car onto the two -lane road . walter yeah . so as long as we get she back , nobody 's in a position to complain . and we keep the baksheesh . dude terrific , walter . but you have not tell I how we get she back . where be she ? walter that 's the simple part , dude . when we make the handoff , I grab the guy and beat it out of he . he look at the dude . walter ... huh ? dude yeah . that 's a great plan , walter . that 's fuck ingenious , if I understand it correctly . that 's a swiss fuck watch . walter thaaat 's right , dude . the beauty of this be its simplicity . if the plan get too complex something always go wrong . if there 's one thing I learn in nam -- the phone chirp . dude dude . voice you be approach a vooden britch . when you cross it you srow ze bag from ze leave vindow of ze move kar . do not slow down . vee vatch you . click . dial tone . dude fuck . walter what would he say ? where 's the hand - off ? dude there be no fuck hand - off , walter ! at a wooden bridge we throw the money out of the car ! walter huh ? dude we throw the money out of the move car ! walter stare dumbly for a beat . walter we can not do that , dude . that fuck up we plan . dude well call they up and explain it to them , walter ! you plan be so fuck simple , I be sure they would fuck understand it ! that 's the beauty of it walter ! walter wooden bridge , huh ? dude I be throw the money , walter ! we be not fuck around ! walter the bridge be come up ! gimme the ringer , dude ! chop -chop ! dude fuck that ! I love you , walter , but sooner or later you be gonna have to face the fact that you be a goddamn moron . walter okay , dude . no time to argue . here 's the bridge -- there be the bump and new steady of the car on the bridge . the dude be twist around to pull the money briefcase from the back seat . walter reach one arm across dude 's body to grab the laundry . and there go the ringer . he fling it out the window . dude walter ! walter you wheel , dude ! I be roll out ! dude what the fuck ? walter you wheel ! at fifteen em-pee-aitch I roll out ! I double back , grab one of them and beat it out of he ! the uzi ! dude uzi ? walter point across the seat at the paper- wrap bundle . walter you do not think I be roll out of here naked ! dude walter , please -- walter have flung open he door and be lean halfway out over the road . walter Fifteen ! this be it , dude ! let 's take that hill ! walter roll out with he parcel , give a loud grunt as he hit the pavement . the car swerve and lurch and the dude , cursing , take the wheel . outside walter tumble onto the shoulder and --rat -tat-tat -tat !-- muzzle flash tear open the wrapping paper . inside the car the car rock and the dude wrestle with the wheel . outside the car clunk and scream around in a skid . inside the dude be throw forward as the car hit something . outside as the dude struggle out hold the satchel of money . the front of he car be crumpled into a tree . the car body sap back to the leave , where the rear wheel have be shot out . walter be just rise from the ground massage a injure knee . the dude run up the road toward the bridge , frantically wave the satchel in the air . dude we have it ! we have it !! there be a distant engine roar . a motorcycle bump up onto the road from the ravine under the bridge and , tire squealing , skid around to speed away in the opposite direction . it be closely follow by two more roaring motorcycle . dude we have it !!. . . we have it ! the dude and walter stand in the middle of the road , watch the three red tail light fishtail away . after a long staring silence : walter ahh fuck it , let 's go bowl . bowling lane a ball rumble in to scatter ten pin . walter . he turn from the lane to where the dude sit in the nook of mold plastic chair . the dude listlessly hold the portable phone in he lap . it be ringing . walter aitz chaim he , dude . as the ex use to say . dude what the fuck be that suppose to mean ? what the fuck're we gonna tell lebowski ? walter huh ? oh , he , yeah . well I do not see , um -- what exactly be the problem ? the portable phone stop ringing . dude huh ? the problem be -- what do you mean what 's the -- there 's no -- we do not -- they be gonna kill that poor woman -- walter what the fuck're you talk about ? that poor woman -- that poor slut -- kidnap herself , dude . you say so yourself -- dude no , walter ! I say I think she kidnap herself ! you be the one who 's so fuck certain -- walter that 's right , dude , 1 % certain -- donny be trot excitedly up . donny they post the next round of the tournament -- walter donny , shut the f-- when do we play ? donny this Saturday . quintana and -- walter Saturday ! well they will have to reschedule . dude walter , what be I gonna tell lebowski ? walter I tell that fuck down at the league office -- who 's in charge of schedule ? dude walter -- donny burkhalter . walter I tell that kraut a fuck thousand time I do not roll on shabbas . donny it 's already post . walter well they can fucking UN - post it ! dude who give a shit , walter ? what about that poor woman ? what do we tell -- walter c'mon dude , eventually she will get sick of she little game and , you know , wander back -- donny how come you do not roll on Saturday , walter ? walter I be shomer shabbas . donny what 's that , walter ? dude yeah , and in the meantime what do I tell lebowski ? walter Saturday be shabbas . jewish day of rest . means I do not work , I do not drive a car , I do not fuck ride in a car , I do not handle money , I do not turn on the oven , and I sure as shit do not fuck roll ! donny sheesh . dude walter , how -- walter shomer shabbas . the dude get to he foot with the portable phone . dude that 's it . I be out of here . walter for Christ 's sake , dude . walter and donny join the dude as he walk out of the bowl alley . Hell , you just tell he -- well , you tell he , uh , we make the hand - off , everything go , uh , you know -- donny oh yeah , how would it go ? walter go alright . dude 's car get a little dinge up -- dude but walter , we do not make the fuck hand - off ! they do not get , the fuck money and they be gonna -- they be gonna -- walter yeah yeah , " kill that poor woman . " he wave both arm as if conduct a symphony orchestra . walter kill that poor woman . donny walter , if you can not ride in a car , how d' you get around on shammas - - walter really , dude , you surprise I . they be not gonna kill shit . they be not gonna do shit . what can they do ? fuckin ' amateur . and meanwhile , look at the bottom line . who 's sit on a million fuck dollar ? be I wrong ? dude walter -- walter who 's get a fuck million fuck dollar park in the trunk of we car out here ? dude " we " car , walter ? walter and what do they get , dude ? my dirty undy . my fuck white -- say , where be the car ? the three bowler , stop at the edge of the lot , stare out at a empty parking space . donny who have you undy , walter ? walter where 's you car , dude ? dude you do not know , walter ? you seem to know the answer to everything else ! walter hmm . well , we be in a handicapped spot . it , uh , it be probably tow . dude it 's be steal , walter ! you fuck know it 's be steal ! walter well , certainly that 's a possibility , dude -- dude aw , fuck it . the dude walk away across the lot . the portable phone start ringing again . donny where you go , dude ? dude I be go home , donny . donny you phone 's ringing , dude . dude thank you , donny . dude' live room the dude be slump disconsolately back in he easy chair , finger of one hand cup over he sunglass . facing he on the couch be two uniform policeman , one middle - age , the other a fresh - face rookie . at the cut the portable phone , in the dude 's lap , be chirp . the dude wait for the ring to end . when they do : dude 1972 pontiac lebaron . younger cop Color ? dude Green . some brown , or , uh , rust , coloration . younger cop and be there anything of value in the car ? dully : dude huh ? oh. yeah . tape deck . couple of creedence tape . and there be a , uh . . . my briefcase . younger cop in the briefcase ? dude paper . just papers . you know , my papers . Business papers . younger cop and what do you do , sir ? dude I be unemployed . older cop ... most people , we be work night , they offer we coffee . there be silence . dude continue to stare at a spot on the floor . the older cop stare at he . dude ... I , I do not drink coffee . but it 's nice when they offer . at length : dude ... also , my rug be steal . younger cop you rug be in the car . the dude tap the floor with he foot . dude no. here . younger cop Separate incident ? the dude stare at the floor . silence . older cop snap out of it , son . the home phone start ringing -- a ring distinct from the chirp of the portable . the dude make no move to answer it . finally the ring stop as a answer machine kick on . dude you find they much ? stolen car ? dude 's Voice on Machine the dude 's not in . leave a message after the beep . it take a minute . younger cop sometimes . I would not hold out much hope for the tape deck though . or the creedence tape . dude and the , uh , the briefcase ? beep . female voice on machine Mr. lebowski , I would like to see you . call when you get home and I will send a car for you . my name be maude lebowski . I be the woman who take the rug . beep . dial tone . older cop well , I guess we can close the file on that one . tracking forward we be move through the open live area of a large downtown L.A. loft . a huge unfinish canvas , light by stand industrial light , dominate one wall . the furnishings be spare give the space . on the floor be the dude 's brilliant rug . we hear a rumble like a approach bowl ball . the dude , stand in the middle of the loft , look into the murky depth of the cavernous space . something huge and white hurtle towards the dude 's head . as it roar overhead he duck , and spin to watch it pass . we see the backside of a naked woman in a sling suspend from a ceiling track rumbling over a canvas that lie on the floor . she be hold a paint bucket in one hand and a brush in the other , with which she flick paint down at the canvas . the dude turn again as he hear run footstep . two young man in paint-spatter short , t-shirt and sneaker reach the sling shortly after it reach the end of its track and haul it back for another push . voice I will be with you in a minute , Mr. lebowski . she rumble by in another pass . all right , we will do the blue tomorrow . elfranco . pedro . help I down . the two man help maude out of she sling . she be naked except for leather harness strap which ring she breast and wrap she thigh and give she something of a dominatrix look . do the female form make you uncomfor - table , Mr. lebowski ? dude be that what that 's a picture of ? maude in a sense , yes . elfranco , my robe . my art have be commend as be strongly vaginal . which bother some man . the word itself make some man uncomfortable . vagina . dude oh yeah ? maude yes , they do not like hearing it and find it difficult to say . whereas without bat a eye a man will refer to he " dick " or he " rod " or he " Johnson " . dude " Johnson " ? maude thank you . this to elfranco , who have hand she a robe . all right , Mr. lebowski , let 's get down to case . my father tell I he 's agree to let you have the rug , but it be a gift from I to my late mother , and so be not he to give . now . as for this . . . " kidnap " -- dude huh ? maude yes , I know about it . and I know that you act as courier . and let I tell you something : the whole thing stink to high heaven . dude right , but let I explain something about that rug -- maude do you like sex , Mr. lebowski ? dude Excuse I ? maude sex . the physical act of love . coitus . do you like it ? dude I be talk about my rug . maude you be not interested in sex ? dude you mean coitus ? maude I like it too . it 's a male myth about feminist that we hate sex . it can be a natural , zesty enterprise . but unfortunately there be some people -- it be call satyriasis in man , nymphomania in woman - - who engage in it compulsively and without joy . dude oh , no . maude yes Mr. lebowski , this unfortunate soul can not love in the true sense of the word . we mutual acquaintance Bunny be one of this . dude listen , maude , I be sorry if you stepmother be a nympho , but I do not see what it have to do with -- do you have any kalhua ? maude take a look at this , sir . she be aim a remote at a projection tv . the screen flicker to life . a title card : jackie treehorn present second card : karl hungus and bunny lajoya in a third card : logjammin ' the dude be at the bar , a bottle of kalhua freeze halfway to he glass . from the television set we hear a doorbell ring , and then a door open . on the tv screen the door open to reveal a sallow - face man in blue coyer - all . it be dieter , the floater in lebowski 's pool . dieter hello . nein dizbatcher say zere iss problem mit deine kable . dude shit , I know that guy . he 's a nihilist . maude and you recognize she , of course . the girl answer the door be Bunny lebowski . Bunny the tv be in here . dieter Za , okay , I bring mein toolz . Bunny this be my friend shari . she just come over to use the shower . maude ( grimly ) the story be ludicrous . dieter mein nommen iss Karl . be hard to verk in zese cloze -- maude switch off the set . maude Lord . you can imagine where it go from here . dude he fix the cable ? maude do not be fatuous , Jeffrey . Little matter to I that this woman choose to pursue a career in pornography , nor that she have be " bang " Jackie treehorn , to use the parlance of we time . however . I be one of two trustee of the lebowski Foundation , the other be my father . the Foundation take youngster from watt and -- dude shit yeah , the achiever . maude Little lebowski urban achiever , yes , and proud we be of all of they . I ask my father about he withdrawal of a million dollar from the Foundation account and he tell I about this " abduction " , but I tell you it be preposterous . this compulsive fornicator be take my father for the proverbial ride . dude yeah , but my - maude I be get to you rug . my father and I do not get along ; he do not approve of my lifestyle and , needless to say , I do not approve of he . still , I hardly wish to make my father 's embezzlement a police matter , so I be propose that you try to recover the money from the people you deliver it to . dude well -- sure , I could do that -- maude if you successfully do so , I will compensate you to the tune of 1 % of the recover sum . dude a hundred . maude thousand , yes , bone or clam or whatever you call they . dude yeah , but what about -- maude -- you rug , yes , well with that money you can buy any number of rug that do not have sentimental value for I . and I be sorry about that crack on the jaw . the dude finger he jaw , where the lump from the sap have all but disappear . dude oh that 's okay , I hardly even -- maude here 's the name and number of a doctor who will look at it for you . you will receive no bill . he 's a good man , and thorough . dude that 's really thoughtful but I -- maude please see he , Jeffrey . he 's a good man , and thorough . limo the dude sit in back hold a White Russian , listen to the chauffeur , a man of about the same age from whose livery cap a ponytail emerge . driver -- so he say , " my son can not hold a job , my daughter 's marry to a fuckin ' loser , and I get a rash on my ass so bad I can not hardly siddown . but you know I . I can not complain . " through rasping laughter : dude fuckin ' a , man . I get a rash . fuckin ' a , man . I gotta tell ya tony . he take a sip of a freshly - mix White Russian , which leave milk on he mustache . I be feel really shitty earlier in the day , I would lose a little money , I be down in the dump . tony aw , forget about it . dude yeah , man ! fuck it ! I can not be worry about that shit . life go on ! the limo have roll to a stop . the dude get out , still hold he drink . tony Home sweet home , Mr. L. who 's you friend in the volkswagon ? dude huh ? his eye on the rearview mirror , tony jerk a thumb over he shoulder . he follow we here . the dude turn to look . he Pov halfway up the block a volkswagon bug have pull over to the curb . in the driver 's seat we see a fat man 's shape . the dude he scowl . dude when do he - the dude be grab from behind and muscle away in a half - nelson by another uniform chauffeur . second chauffeur into the limo , you sonofabitch . no argument . as he be frog-marched towards another limo the dude hold he drink away from he chest and cup a hand underneath it . dude fuck , man ! there 's a beverage here ! the wait limo 's back door be flung open . inside the dude be shove in and awkwardly take a seat face the rear . the door be slam behind he . lebowski start talk and talk fast you lousy bum ! brandt we have be frantically try to reach you , dude . brandt sit catty - corner from the dude ; directly across from the dude be the big lebowski , a comforter across he knee . lebowski where 's my goddamn money , you bum ?! dude well we -- I do not -- lebowski they do not receive the money , you nitwit ! they do not receive the goddamn money . her life be in you hand ! brandt this be we concern , dude . dude no , man , nothing be fuck here -- lebowski nothing be fucked ! the goddamn plane have crashed into the mountain ! the dude take a hurried sip from he drink . dude c'mon man , who be you gonna believe ? that guy be -- we drop off the damn money -- lebowski what ?! dude I -- the royal we , you know , the editorial -- I drop off the money , exactly as per -- look , I have get certain information , certain thing have come to light , and uh , have it ever occur to you , man , that give the nature of all this new shit , that , uh , instead of run around blame I , that this whole thing might just be , not , you know , not just such a simple , but uh -- you know ? lebowski what in God 's holy name be you blather about ? dude I will tell you what I be blather about ! I get information - - new shit have come to light and -- shit , man ! she kidnap herself ! lebowski stare at he , dumbstruck . the dude be encourage . dude well sure , look at it ! Young trophy wife , I mean , in the parlance of we time , owe money all over town , include to know pornographer -- and that 's cool , that 's cool -- but I be say , she need money , and of course they be gonna say they do not get it ' cause she want more , man , she 's gotta feed the monkey , I mean - - have not that ever occur to you ...? Sir ? lebowski ( quietly ) no. no Mr. lebowski , that have not occur to I . brandt that have not occur to we , dude . dude well , okay , you be not privy to all the new shit , so uh , you know , but that 's what you pay I for . speak of which , would it be possible for I to get my twenty grand in cash ? I gotta check this with my accountant of course , but my concern be that , you know , it could bump I into a higher tax -- lebowski brandt , give he the envelope . dude well , okay , if you have already make out the check . brandt be hand he a letter-size envelope which be distend by something inside . brandt we receive it this morning . the dude , frown , untuck its flap , take out some cotton wadding and unroll it . lebowski since you have fail to achieve , even in the modest task that be you charge , since you have steal my money , and since you have unrepentantly betrayed my trust . the wadding , undone , reveal a smaller wad of gauze tape up inside . the dude undoe the tape with he fingernails and start to unroll the inner package . lebowski I have no choice but to tell this bum that they should do whatever be necessary to recover they money from you , Jeffrey lebowski . and with brandt as my witness , tell you this : any further harm visit upon Bunny , shall be visit tenfold upon you head . between thumb and forefinger the dude hold up the content of the package - - a little toe , with emerald green nail polish . lebowski ... by God sir . I will not abide another toe . coffee shop the dude and walter sit at the counter , both stare off into space , both absently stir they coffee with little clinking noise . after a long beat : walter that be not she toe . dude whose toe be it , walter ? walter how the fuck should I know ? I do know that nothing about it indicate -- dude the nail polish , walter . walter Fine , dude . as if it 's impossible to get some nail polish , apply it to someone else 's toe - - dude someone else 's -- where the fuck be they gonna -- walter you want a toe ? I can get you a toe , believe I . there be way , dude . you do not wanna know about it , believe I . dude but walter -- walter I will get you a toe by this afternoon -- with nail polish . this fuck amateur . they send we a toe , we be suppose to shit we - selve with fear . Jesus Christ . my point be -- dude they be gonna kill she , walter , and then they be gonna kill I -- walter well that 's just , that 's the stress talk , dude . so far we have what look to I like a series of victimless crime -- dude what about the toe ? walter forget about the fucking toe ! a waitress enter . waitress could you please keep you voice down -- this be a family restaurant . walter oh , please dear ! I have get news for you : the Supreme Court have roundly reject prior restraint ! dude walter , this be not a first amendment thing . waitress Sir , if you do not calm down I be go to have to ask you to leave . walter Lady , I get buddy who die face - down in the muck so you and I could enjoy this family restaurant ! the dude get up : dude all right , I be leave . I be sorry mar 'am . walter do not run away from this , dude ! goddamnit , this affect all of we ! the dude have leave frame ; walter call after he : walter we basic freedom ! he look defiantly around . walter I be stay . finish my coffee . he stir the coffee , bop he head in time to the muzak , affect nonchalance . walter finish my coffee . dude' bathroom a drip noise . the dude sit in the bathtub , stare stuporously , a joint pinch in one hand , a washcloth drape over he head . we hear the phone ringing in the other roam . the dude be stare at he toe , which protrude from the soapy water , splay against the far side of the tub . after the dude 's outgo message we hear : voice through machine Mr. lebowski , this be duty Officer rolvaag of the l.a.p.d . the dude look stuporously up , he head sway . voice through machine we have recover you vehicle . it can be claim at the North Hollywood Auto Circus there on Victory . dude Far out . Far fuckin ' out . message you will just need to present a -- the message be interrupt by loud smash sound , as of someone apply a baseball bat to the answer machine . dude hunh ? he look blearily at the open doorway . a tall man dress in black leather with a cricket paddle be stride across the live room towards the bathroom . dude hey ! this be a private residence , man ! the man have enter the bathroom and , in stride , swing the cricket paddle up to smash the overhead light . two other man be enter behind he . the room be dark now except for spill from the live room ; the man be backlit shape . one of they hold a string at the other end of which a small animal skitter excitedly about the floor . the dude look curiously at the small , natter animal . dude Nice marmot . the man with the string scoops up the marmot and toss it , scream , into the bathtub . the dude scream . the marmot splashes frantically , bite at the dude in a frenzy of fearful aggression . first man vee vant zat money , lebowski . the dude , scream , grab the lip of the tub and start to hoist himself up but the first man lay a palm on top of he head and squish he back into the water . second man you think veer kid und make mit de funny stuff ? third man vee could do thing you only dream of , lebowski . second man ja , vee could really do it , lebowski . vee belief in noss . he scoops the marmot out of the water . it shake itself off , spraying the dude . dude Jesus ! dieter vee belief in noss , lebowski ! nossing !! the marmot , back on the floor , be skitter around , shaking itself and convulse in little sneeze . dude Jesus Christ ! first man tomorrow vee come back und cut off you chonson . dude Excuse I ? first man I say vee CUT off you chonson ! the three man turn to leave . over they retreate back : second man just sink about zat , lebowski . first man ja , you viggly penis , lebowski . second man ja , und maybe vee stamp on it und skvush it , lebowski ! NORTH hollywood auto circus a policeman with a clipboard be lead the dude through a large parking lot . policeman you be lucky she be not chop , Mr. lebowski . must have be a joyride situation ; they abandon the car once they hit the retain wall . they have reach the dude 's car . the driver 's side exterior have be scrape raw . the policeman hand the dude a door handle and a exterior rear-view mirror . policeman this be on the road next to the car . you will have to get in on the other side . the dude climb in the passenger side . dude my fuck briefcase ! it 's not here ! policeman yeah , sorry , I see that on the report . you be lucky they leave the tape deck though . dude my fuck briefcase ! Jesus -- what 's that smell ? policeman uh , yeah . probably a vagrant , sleep in the car . or perhaps just use it as a toilet , and move on . the dude try to roll down the driver 's window but it will not go ; he bellow through the glass : dude when will you find this guy ? I mean , do you have any promise lead ? the policeman laugh , agree broadly . policeman lead , yeah . I will just check with the boy down at the crime Lab . they have assign four more detective to the case , get we work in shift . the dude look sadly through he window at the policeman rock back on he heel , he raucous laughter muffle by the glass . bowling alley bar the dude , walter and donny sit at the bar , the dude with a White Russian , walter with a beer , and donny eat beer nut . donny and then they be gonna stamp on it ?! walter oh for Christ -- will you shut the fuck up , donny . dude I figure my only hope be that the big lebowski kill I before the Germans can cut my dick off . walter now that be ridiculous , dude . no one be go to cut you dick off . dude thanks walter . walter not if I have anything to say about it . dude ( bitterly ) yeah , thanks walter . that give I a very secure feel . walter dude -- dude that make I feel all warm inside . walter now dude -- dude this whole fuck thing -- I could be sit here with just pee-stain on my rug . walter sadly shake he head . walter Fucking Germans . nothing change . Fucking Nazis . donny they be Nazis , dude ? walter come on , donny , they be threaten castration ! donny uh-huh . walter be you gonna split hair ? donny no -- walter be I wrong ? donny well -- dude they be nihilist . walter huh ? dude they keep say they believe in nothing . walter nihilist ! Jesus . walter look haunt . say what you like about the tenet of National socialism , dude , at least it 's a ethos . dude yeah . walter and let 's also not forget -- let 's not forget , dude -- that keep wildlife , a amphibious rodent , for uh , domestic , you know , within the city -- that be not legal either . dude what be you , a fuck park ranger now ? walter no , I be -- dude who give a shit about the fuck marmot ! walter -- we be sympathize here , dude -- dude fuck you sympathy ! I do not need you sympathy , man , I need my fuck Johnson ! donny what do you need that for , dude ? walter you gotta buck up , man , you can not go into the tournament with this negative attitude -- dude fuck the tournament ! fuck you , walter ! there be a moment of stunne silence . walter fuck the tournament ?! sad ; quiet : walter okay dude . I can see you do not want to be cheer up . c'mon donny , let 's go get a lane . they leave the dude sit morosely at the bar . as he stare down into he empty glass : dude another caucasian , Gary . voice right , dude . still staring down at the bar : dude Friends like this , huh Gary . gary that 's right , dude . the pop song on the jukebox have end ; someone put on " tumble tumbleweed . " a man saunter up to the bar to take the stool that walter vacate . he be middle - age , amiable , craggily handsome -- Sam elliot , perhaps . he have a large western -style mustache and wear denim , a yoke shirt and a cowboy hat . to the bartender : man D 'ya have a good sarsaparilla ? we recognize the voice of the Stranger whose narration open the movie . bartender sioux City sarsaparilla . the Stranger nod . the stranger that 's a good one . wait for he drink , he look amiably around the bar . his crinkle eye settle on the dude . the stranger how ya doin ' there , dude ? the dude , still stare down at he drink , shake he head . dude ahh , not so good , man . the stranger one a that day , huh . Wal , a wiser fella than m'self once say , sometimes you eat the bar and sometimes the bar , wal , he eat you . dude ( absently ) uh-huh . that some kind of Eastern thing ? the stranger Far from it . dude mm. the bartender put a brown bottle and a frost glass on the bar in front of the Stranger , who touch he hat brim . the stranger much oblige . he look back at the dude . the stranger I like you style , dude . the dude look up , absently : dude well I like you style too , man . get a whole cowboy thing goin' . the stranger thankie . . . just one thing , dude . D 'ya have to use s'many cuss word ? the dude look at the Stranger as if just now notice how out of place the cowpoke be . dude the fuck be you talk about ? the Stranger chuckle indulgently and push off from the bar . the stranger okay , have it you way . he brushes he hat brim with a fingertip . the stranger take it easy , dude . dude yeah . thanks man . he be go . " tumble tumbleweed " be end as we hear a offscreen voice , break the spell : voice dude ! dude ! the dude look : tony , the unform limo driver , be at the door of the bar , beckone . maude' loft she stride toward we , naked under a robe which she be just cinching shut . paint fleck she skin . maude Jeffrey , you have not go to the doctor . dude no it 's fine , really , uh -- maude do you have any news regard my father 's money ? dude I , uh ... money , yeah , I gotta respecfully , 69 you know , tender my resignation on that matter , ' cause it look like you mother really be kidnap after all . maude she most certainly be not ! dude hey man , why do not you fuck listen occasionally ? you might learn something . now I get -- maude and please do not call she my mother . dude now I get -- maude she be most definitely the perpetrator and not the victim . dude I be tell you , I get definitive evidence -- maude from who ? dude the main guy , dieter -- maude dieter hauff ? dude well -- yeah , I guess -- maude her " co-star " in the beaver picture ? dude beaver ? you mean vagina ? -- I mean , you know he ? maude dieter have be on the fringe of -- well , of everything in L.A. , for about twenty year . look at my lp 's . under ' autobahn . ' the dude finger through the album fill one bookshelf . maude that be he group -- they release one album in the mid-seventy . the dude stop between two album . dude Roy orbison . . . pink floyd . maude huh ? autobahn . a-u-t -o . they music be a sort of -- ugh -- techno-pop . the dude pull out a album with a wear sleeve . on it be the group 's name , autobahn , the album name , nagelbett , and a picture of three young german , there forehead looming below slicked - back hair , gaze upward in thin - lipped epiphany . they be wear severe but modishly retro suit . each have he name under he picture -- dieter , kieffer ; and franz . a bed of nail be the only set dress on the cyc . dude jeez . I miss vinyl . maude be he pretend to be the abductor ? dude well ... yeah -- maude look , Jeffrey , you do not really kidnap someone that you be acquainted with . you can not get away with it if the hostage know who you be . dude well yeah ... I know that . maude so dieter have the money ? dude well , no , not exactly . it 's a complicated case , maude . lotta in . lotta out . and a lotta strand to keep in my head , man . lotta strand in old duder 's -- maude do you still have that doctor 's number ? dude huh ? no , really , I do not even have the bruise any more , I - - she be scribbling . maude please Jeffrey . I do not want to be responsible for any delay after - effect . dude delay after-eff -- maude I want you to see he immediately . she be pick up a telephone . maude I will see if he 's available . he 's a good man , and thorough . close shot the dude his eye be close , a headset on , he shirt off . leak tinnily through the headset we hear the open bar of " comin ' up around the Bend . " behind he , cropped so that we see only a little of he torso , a white - smock figure tap at the dude 's back . after a moment the figure circle to one side , out of frame . his hand reach in to pull one arm of the headset away from the dude 's ear , and as he do so the music issue more strongly . voice could you slide you short down please , Mr. lebowski ? the dude 's eye open . dude huh ? no , she , she hit I right here . voice I understand sir . could you slide you short down please ? dude' car the dude be drive home . a creedence tape play . the dude be suck down a joint . he glance at the rear-view mirror - - and , notice something , look again . he Pov a volkswagon bug be follow , a lone fat man drive . the dude his eye still on the mirror , he absently take the joint between thumb and forefinger of he right hand and flick it out the driver 's window - - except that the window be not open . the butt bounce off the glass and around the car , shower spark . dude' crotch the glow butt roll down the car seat between he leg . the dude scream . the STREET the car careen wildly as the surround traffic veer off to , make way , horn blaring . the car finally spin and come to rest with its passenger side wrap into a telephone poll . inside the car the dude frantically grab at he door , which will not open , and then slide over to push at the passenger door , which also will not open . dude fuck me. but he be sit on the passenger side now , away from the light butt . he look around for it . smoke be wisping up from between the Driver 's seat cushion and back cushion . dude fuckola , man . he take he beer and pour it in between the cushion . there be a hiss sound . but there be a piece of paper stick out from between the cushion . the dude pull it out . it be line spiral notebook paper , slightly singe and drip beer , cover with handwrite . in the upper right - hand corner be the name lawrence seller , and under that , Mrs. jamtoss 5th period . the theme be title " the Louisiana purchase . " in red ink be a large circle D and some handwritten marginal comment ; misspel word be circle in red throughout . crane jackson' fountain STREET theater we be behind walter , the dude , and donny , face the stage in the background where allan , the dude 's bald landlord , be perform a dance moderne . as walter talk to the dude he lean in to he , he voice hushed , so as not to disturb the rest of the very sparse audience . walter he life in North Hollywood on radford , near the in-and - out Burger - - dude the in-and - out Burger be on camrose . walter near the in-and - out Burger -- donny that be good burger , walter . walter shut the fuck up , donny . this kid be in the ninth grade , dude , and he father be -- be you ready for this ? -- Arthur digby seller . dude who the fuck be that ? walter huh ? dude who the fuck be Arthur digby seller ? walter who the f--have you ever hear of a little show call brand , dude ? dude yeah . walter all but one man die ? there at bitter Creek ? dude yeah yeah , I know the fuck show walter , so what ? walter Fucking Arthur digby seller write 156 episode , dude . dude uh-huh . walter the bulk of the series . dude uh-huh . walter not exactly a lightweight . dude no . walter and yet he son be a fuck dunce . dude uh. walter yeah , go figure . well we will go out there after the , uh , the . he wave a hand vaguely toward the stage . walter what have you . we will , uh -- donny we will be near the in-and - out Burger . walter shut the fuck up , donny . we will , uh , brace the kid -- he will be a pushover . we will get that fuck money , if he have not spend it already . million fuck clam . and yes , we will be near the , uh -- some burger , some beer , a few laugh . we fuck trouble be over , dude . residential area the dude and walter be pull up in front of a dilapidate house sit on a scrubby lot . park incongruously in front of the house be a brand new red corvette . dude fuck I , man ! that kid 's already spend all the money ! walter hardly dude , a new ' vette ? the kid 's still get , oh , 96 to 97 thousand , depend on the option . wait in the car , donny . the front door walter ring the bell . it be open by a matronly Spanish woman . woman jace ? walter hello , pilar ? my name be walter sobchak , we speak on the phone , this be my associate Jeffrey lebowski . woman jace . walter May we uh , we want to talk about little Larry . May we come in ? woman jace . they enter a dim live room and stand , look about , as pilar call up the stair : pilar Larry ! sweetie ! dat mang be here ! there be a rhythmic compressor sound ; walter place it and nudge the dude . at the other end of the live room a man lie on something that look like a hospital gurney with its midsection enclose by a motorize stainless - steel bubble . it be a iron lung , artificially breathe with distinct hiss in and out . walter that 's he , dude . viva voce and a good day to you , sir . pilar see down , please . walter thank you , mar 'am . he and the dude sit on a sagging green sofa . in a lower voice , to pilar : walter do he , uh . . . be he still write ? pilar no , no . he have healt ' problem . walter uh-huh . he bellows across the room : walter I just want to say , sir , that we be both enormous - - on a personal level , brand , especially the early episode , have be a source of , uh , inspir - -- there be footstep on the stair . Larry , a fifteen - year - old , look at the two man . pilar see down , sweetie . this be the policeman -- walter no mar 'am , I do not mean to give the impression that we be police exactly . we be hope that it will not be necessary to call the police . he adopt he command voice in turn to Larry : walter but that be up to little Larry here . be not it , Larry ? walter pop the latch on he attache case and take out the homework , which be now in a ziploc bag . he hold it out at arm 's length , display it to Larry . walter be this you homework , Larry ? Larry do not respond . walter be this you homework , Larry ? dude look , man , do you -- walter dude , please !. . . be this you homework , Larry ? dude just ask he if he -- ask he about the car , man ! walter be still hold out the homework . walter be this yours , Larry ? be this you homework , Larry ? dude be the car out front yours ? walter be this you homework , Larry ? dude we know it 's he fuck homework , walter ! where 's the fuck money , you little brat ? throughout walter have be stare at Larry with the homework extend towards he . walter look , Larry . . . have you ever hear of Vietnam ? dude oh , for Christ 's sake , walter ! walter you be go to enter a world of pain , son . we know that this be you homework . we know you steal a car -- dude and the fuck money ! walter and the fuck money . and we know that this be you homework , Larry . no answer . walter you be gonna kill you father , Larry !. finally , in disgust : walter ah , this be pointless . as he shove the homework back in the attache case : walter all right , plan B . you might want to watch out the front window there , Larry . he be head for the door . the dude , puzzle , rise to follow he . walter this be what happen when you fuck a stranger in the ass , Larry . outside walter be stride down the lawn with he attache case like a enraged encyclopedia salesman . without look back at , the dude , who follow : walter Fucking language problem , dude . he pop the dude 's trunk , fling in the briefcase and take out a tire iron . walter maybe he will understand this . he be walk over to the corvette . walter you see what happens , larry ! crash ! he swing the crowbar into the windshield , which shatter . walter you see what happens ?! crash ! he take out the driver 's window . walter this be what happens when you fuck a stranger in the ass ! light be go on in house down the street . distant dog bark . walter herex what happens , larry ! crash ! walter herex what happens ! fuck a stranger in the ass ! crash ! a man in a sleeveless T-shirt and boxer short have run over behind walter and grab he from behind on a backsw of the crowbar . man what the fuck joo do , mang ?! he wrestle the crowbar away from the startle walter . man I jus ' bawdeez fuckeen car lass week ! walter cringe before the enraged mexican . walter hunh ? the man look about , wildly . man I kill joo , mang ! I --i kill jor fuckeen car ! he run over to the dude 's car . dude no! no! no ! that be not -- crash ! crash ! man I fuckeen kill jor fuckeen car ! crash ! man I kill jor fuckeen car ! inside the car Glass rain in on a terrify , cring , donny . man I kill jor fuckeen car ! on a deafening crash we CUT to : the dude' car we be look into the car through the break windshield as it rattles down the freeway . wind whistle through the cave - in window . the dude drive , he jaw clench , stare grimly out at the road . walter , beside he , and donny in the back seat , munch 'on in - and - out burger . creedence music play above the bluster of wind . dude' bungalow as the dude talk on the phone he be hammer a two - by-four into the floor just inside , and parallel to , the front door . dude I accept you apology . . . no I , I just want to handle it myself from now on . . . no . that have nothing to do with it . . . . yes , it make it home , I be call from home . no , walter , it do not look like Larry be about to crack . he finish hammer , rise and grab a straightback chair that stand nearby . dude well that 's you perception . . . well you be right , walter , and the unspoken message be fuck you and leave I the fuck alone . . . yeah , I will be at practice . he hang up and have just finish slide the chair into place with its top under the doorknob and its leg brace against the two - by-four , thus wedge the door close , when the door be open -- outward . the chair clatter to the floor . dude huh ? woo and the blond man who earlier peed on the rug stride in , kick the chair away . woo pin you diaper on , lebowski . Jackie treehorn want to see you . blond man and we know which lebowski you be , lebowski . woo yeah . Jackie treehorn want to talk to the deadbeat lebowski . blond man you be not deal with moron here . blackness out of the blackness something be fall toward we . it be a woman , fall in slow motion , she limb flail , she mouth contort by either fear or ecstasy . she be topless . she fall past the camera , leave blackness , then after a beat reappear , rise into the night sky . malibu beach a crowd of mostly tan middle - age man with blow -dry hair , wear jogging outfit and other expensively casual attire , be blanket - toss the squealing young woman in nightmarish slow motion . wider it be a party , light by festive beach light and stand kerosene heater . 1960 's mainstream jazz , of the mancini- brubeck school , have be pipe down to speaker on the beach ' . in long shot now the woman rise , squealing , disappear into darkness , descend into light , rise again . a man walk towards the camera through the pool of beach light . he be handsome , fiftyish , wear cotton twill pants and a turnbull &amp ; Asher shirt with a foulard knotted at the neck . behind he , the woman rise and fall , appear and disappear . man hello dude , thanks for come . I be Jackie treehorn . inside the beach house the dude be look around at the ' 60' modern decor . dude this be quite a pad you get here , man . completely unspoil . treehorn what 's you drink , dude ? dude White Russian , thanks . how 's the smut business , Jackie ? treehorn I would not know , dude . I deal in publishing , entertainment , political advocacy , and -- dude which one be logjammin ' ? treehorn regrettably , it 's true , standard have fall in adult entertainment . it 's video , dude . now that we be compete with the amateur , we can not afford to invest that little extra in story , production value , feel . he tap he forehead with one finger . treehorn people forget that the brain be the biggest erogenous zone -- dude on you , maybe . he hand he the drink . treehorn of course , you do get the good with the bad . the new technology permit we to do exciting thing with interactive erotic software . Wave of the future , dude. 100 % electronic . dude uh-huh . well , I still jerk off manually . treehorn of course you do . I can see you be anxious for I to get to the point . well dude , here it be . where 's Bunny ? dude I think you might know , man . treehorn I ? how would I know ? the only reason she run off be to get away from she rather sizable debt to I . dude but she have not run off , she 's be -- treehorn wave this off . treehorn I have hear the kidnap story , so save it . I know you be mix up in all this , dude , and I do not care what you be try to take off she husband . that 's you business . all I be say be , I want mine . dude yeah , well , right man , there be many facet to this , uh , you know , many interested party . if I can find you money , man - - what 's in it for the dude ? treehorn of course , there 's that to discuss . refill ? dude do the Pope shit in the wood ? treehorn let 's say a 10 % finder 's fee ? dude okay , Jackie , do . I like the way you do business . you money be be hold by a kid name Larry seller . he life in North Hollywood , on radford , near the in-and - out Burger . a real fuckin ' brat , but I be sure you goons will be able to get it off he , mean he 's only fifteen and he 's flunk social study . so if you will just write I a check for my ten per cent . . . of half a million . . . fifty grand . he be get to he foot , but sway woozily . dude I will go out and mingle . -- Jesus , you mix a hell of a caucasian , Jackie . the dude shake he head , try to focus . treehorn a fifteen - year-old ? be this you idea of a joke ? Jackie treehorn 's image start to swim . he be join on either side by woo and the blond man , all three man look grimly down at the dude . dude no funny stuff , Jackie . . . the kid 's get it . hiya , fella . . . kid just want a car . all the dude ever want . . . be he rug back . . . not greedy . . . it really . he squint at Jackie treehorn , who swim in and out of focus . tied the room together . he tip forward , spilling he drink off the table . from under the glass coffee table look up at the dude as he face hit the glass and squish . fast fade out black the stranger' voice darkness warsh over the dude -- darker and a black steer 's tookus on a moonless prairie night . there be no bottom . we hear a thunder bass . scratchy white title card : jackie treehorn present another title card : the dude and maude lebowski in third title card : gutterballs the title logo be a suggestively upright bowl pin flanke by a pair of bowl ball . the bend bass sound turn into the lead - in to Kenny Rogers and the first edition 's " just dropped in . " the dude be walk down a long corridor dress as a cable repairman . the dude 's face be wash with a brilliant light as the corridor open onto a gleam bowl alley . in the center of the alley stand maude lebowski , sing operatic harmony to the Kenny Rogers song . she wear a armored breastplate and norse headgear , have braid pigtail , and hold a trident . the dude stand behind she and , press up against she , help she with she follow - through as she release a bowl ball . the lane be straddle by a line of chorine in spangly mini - skirt , they arm akimbo , busby - berkley style , they leg turn the lane into a tunnel lead to the pin at the end . but it be no longer a bowl ball roll between they leg -- it be the dude himself , levitate inch off the lane , the tool from he utility belt swinging free . he be face down , he arm , torpedolike , press against he side . his point of view show the lane rush by below , the little ball - guide arrow zipping by . the dude twist he body around , perform a barrel - roll so that he be now glide along the lane face -up . now he point of view look up the dress of the pass chorine . the dude smile dreamily and do a backstroke motion so that he be once again glide face - down . he look forward and he forward momentum blow back he hair . come at we , as we go through the last few pair of leg , be the approach pin . we hit the pin , scatter they , and rush on into black . a body drop down into the blackness in slow motion - - a topless woman , squealing , she leg kick . as she drop out of frame , leave blackness again , three man be enter from the background , emerge into a pool of light . it be the Germans , advance ominously , wield oversize shear which they menacingly scissor . the dude , now stand in a field of black , react to the advance Germans . he turn and run , fist pump . the scissor sound of the shear turn into the whoosh of car-by . the field of black be puncture by headlight . the dude be run blearily down the middle of the Pacific Coast highway . Cars rush by on either side , horn blaring . with the bloo - whup of a short siren blast , a squad car with flash gumball pull up . squad car the dude sit in the back seat , he head lolling with the motion of the car as he blearily sing the theme of brand : dude he be innocent . not a charge be true . and they say he run awaaaaaay . chief' office the dude be hurl against the chief 's desk , which he bounce off of , to come to rest more or less seat in a face chair . his wallet be toss onto the desk . the chief lean forward , take the wallet and sort through it with disgust incredulity . chief this be you only i.d.? he be look at the Ralph 's shopper 's Club card . dude I know my rights . chief you do not know shit , lebowski . dude I want a fuck lawyer , man . I want Bill kunstler . chief what be you , some kind of sad -ass refugee from the fuck sixty ? dude uh-huh . chief Mr. treehorn tell we that he have to eject you from he garden party , that you be drunk and abusive . dude that guy treat woman like object , man . chief Mr. treehorn draw a lot of water in this town , lebowski . you do not draw shit . we get a nice quiet beach community here , and I aim to keep it nice and quiet . so let I make something plain . I do not like you suck around bother we citizen , lebowski . I do not like you jerk - off name , I do not like you jerk - off face , I do not like you jerk - off behavior , and I do not like you , jerk - off -- do I make myself clear ? the dude stare . dude I be sorry , I be not listen . the Chief hurl he steaming mug of coffee at the dude . it hit he in the forehead with a thud , the scalding coffee splash everywhere . the Chief be already up off he chair , round the desk . dude -- ow ! Fucking fascist ! the Chief slap he twice . chief stay out of malibu , lebowski ! he kick the chair out from under the dude , and then start kick at he . chief stay out of malibu , deadbeat ! keep you ugly fuck goldbrick ass out of my beach community ! cab the dude , in the back seat of a taxicab that rock and squeak with every bump , be gingerly touch at sore spot on he face and scalp . " peaceful easy feeling " be on the radio . dude' Pov the back of the driver , a large black man with rasta dred under a knit cap . dude Jesus , man , can you change the station ? driver fuck you man ! you do not like my fuck music , get you own fuck cab ! dude I have have a -- driver I pull over and kick you ass out , man ! dude -- have a rough night , and I hate the fuck eagle , man -- driver that 's it ! outta this fuck cab ! the STREET the cab screech over towards the curb . another car , oncoming , its radio blaring metallica , speed by . inside the other car it be a red convertible . the driver , sing loudly and badly along with the radio , she hair blow in the wind , a dreamy smile on she face as she speed along , higher than a kite , be Bunny lebowski . the footwell on the accelerator she right foot , in a open-toed bright red high - heele shoe , have five paint toe . when she downshift she leave foot enter to engage the clutch . five more toe . dude' bungalow the dude stagger in the open front door , one hand press to a lump on he forehead , and look around . dude Jesus . the place be a wreck . Furniture have be overturn , upholstery slashed , drawer dumped . quiet . the door to the bedroom start to creak open . the dude cringe . maude emerge from the bedroom . she be wear a bathrobe . maude Jeffrey . dude maude ? she pull open the bathrobe as she approach . maude Love I . the dude be stupefy . dude that 's my robe . thoomp ! on the embrace we CUT to : black after a beat , a long sigh , and then a voice from the blackness : maude tell I a little about yourself , Jeffrey . dude well , uh . . . not much to tell . a match be drag across a headboard ; the dude be lighting himself a joint . he shake the match out to restore blackness except for the glow tip of the joint . dude I be , uh , one of the author of the Port huron statement . -- the original Port huron statement . maude uh-huh . dude not the compromise second draft . and then I , uh . . . ever hear of the Seattle Seven ? maude mmnun . click -- the dude turn on a bedside lamp . he and maude lie next to each other in bed . dude and then . . . let 's see , I uh -- music business briefly . maude oh ? dude yeah . roadie for metallica . speed of sound Tour . maude uh-huh . dude bunch of asshole . and then , you know , little of this , little of that . my career 's , uh , slowed down a bit lately . maude what do you do for fun ? dude oh , you know , the usual . bowl . drive around . the occasional acid flashback . he climb out of bed but maude remain in it . she wedge a pillow into the small of she back and clasp a hand on each kneecap . she pull she knee in toward she chest to keep she pelvis raise . maude what happen to you house ? dude Jackie treehorn trash the place . want to save the finder 's fee . maude finder 's fee ? dude he think I have you father 's money , so he get I out of the way while he look for it . maude it 's not my father 's money , it 's the Foundation 's . why do he think you have it ? and who do ? dude Larry seller , a high -school kid . Real fuck brat . he pick a White Russian off the bedside table . maude Jeffrey -- dude it 's a complicated case , maude . lotta in , lotta out . fortunately I have be adhere to a pretty strict , uh , drug regimen to keep my mind , you know , limber . I be real fuck close to you father 's money , real fuck close . it 's just -- maude I keep tell you , it 's the Foundation 's money . Father do not have any . dude huh ? he 's fuck load . maude no no , the wealth be all mother 's . dude but you father - - he run stuff , he -- maude we do let Father run one of the company , briefly , but he do not do very well at it . dude but he 's -- maude he help administer the charity now , and I give he a reasonable allowance . he have no money of he own . I know how he like to present himself ; Father 's weakness be vanity . hence the slut . dude huh. jeez . well , so , do he -- be that yoga ? throughout , maude have be lie on she back with she knee pull in . maude it increase the chance of conception . the dude spit some White Russian . dude increase ? maude well yes , what do you think this be all about ? fun and game ? dude well ...no , of course not -- maude I want a child . dude yeah , okay , but see , the dude -- maude look , Jeffrey , I do not want a partner . in fact I do not want the father to be someone I have to see socially , or who will have any interest in rear the child himself . dude huh ... something occur to he . dude so ... that doctor . maude exactly . what happen to you face ? do Jackie treehorn do that as well ? the dude be stare off into space , think . his answer be absent . dude no , the , uh , police chief of malibu . a real reactionary . . . so you father . . . oh man , I get it ! maude what ? the dude be leave the bedroom . dude yeah , my think about the case , man , it have become uptight . yeah . you father -- live room the dude finish punch a number into the phone . phone voice this be walter sobchak . I be not in ; leave a message after the beep . from the bedroom : maude' voice what be you talk about ? beep . dude walter , if you be there , pick up the fuck phone . pick it up , walter , this be a emergency . I be not -- walter dude ? dude walter , listen , I be at my place , I need you to come pick I up -- walter I can not drive , dude , it 's erev shabbas . dude huh ? walter erev shabbas . I can not drive . I be not even suppose to pick up the phone , unless it 's a emergency . dude it be a fuck emergency . walter I understand . that 's why I pick up the phone . dude then why can 't you -- fuck , never mind , just call donny then , and ask he to -- walter dude , I be not suppose to make call -- dude walter , you fucking asshole , we gotta go to pasadena ! come pick I up or i'm off the fucking bowling team ! maude' voice Jeffrey ? the dude he emerge on he front stoop , pull on a shirt . his attention be catch by something down the street . he Pov a car be park halfway down the block . we can see the shape of a fat man in the driver 's seat . the dude stride purposefully down the street . he Pov the fat man lean forward and we hear the sound of the car 's ignition cough , but the engine will not turn over . more whine and cough ; no start . the man hurriedly fumble in front of he . he bring up a newspaper , which he hold before he face . the dude as he get to the car . he reach through the open driver 's window and grab the newspaper and hurl it to the ground . he be revve with nervous energy . dude get out of that fuck car , man ! the man nervously comply . the dude flinch at the man 's movement as he get out . the man cringe , reacting to the dude 's flinch . he be wear a cheap blue serge suit . he be bald with a short fringe and a mustache . the dude shout to cover he fear : dude who the fuck be you , man ! come on , man ! man relax , man ! no physical harm intend ! dude who the fuck be you ? why have you be follow I ? come on , fuckhead ! man hey , relax man , I be a brother shamus . the dude be stunne . dude brother shamus ? like a irish monk ? man irish m -- what the fuck be you talk about ? my name 's Da fino ! I be a private snoop ! like you , man ! dude huh ? da fino a dick , man ! and let I tell you something : I dig you work . play one side against the other -- in bed with everybody -- fabulous stuff , man . dude I be not a-- ah , fuck it , just stay away from my fuck lady friend , man . da fino hey hey , I be not mess with you special lady -- dude she 's not my special lady , she 's my fuck lady friend . I be just help she conceive , man ! da fino hey , man , I be not -- dude who be you work for ? lebowski ? Jackie treehorn ? da fino the gunderson . dude the ? who the fff -- da fino the gunderson . it 's a wander daughter job . Bunny lebowski , man . her real name be fawn gunderson . her parent want she back . he be fumble in he wallet . da fino see ? the dude look at the picture . it be probably a school portrait , unmistakably Bunny , but fresh - face , much young look , with a corn - feed smile and straight partridge family hair and bang . dude Jesus fuck Christ . da fino crazy , huh ? ran away a year ago . he be hold out another picture . the gunderson tell I to show she this when I find she . the family farm . a bleak farmhouse and silo be the only feature on a flat snow - sweep landscape . outside of moorhead , Minnesota . they think it will make she homesick . dude Boy . how ya gonna keep them down on the farm once they see Karl hungus . he hand back the picture . she 's be kidnap , Da fino . or maybe not , but she 's definitely not around . da fino fuck , man ! that 's terrible ! dude yeah , it suck . da fino well maybe you and I could pool we resource -- trade information -- professional courtesy -- compeer , you know -- we hear distant yapping , grow louder with the hum of a approach car . dude yeah , I get it . fuck off , Da fino . and stay away from my special la -- from my fuck lady friend . the dude step out to meet walter 's car as it pull up , its passenger window open and the pomeranian lean out and yapping . denny be four people sit at a booth : dieter , kieffer , franz , all in black leather , and a young woman with long stringy blonde hair , wear tear and patch jeans and a ribbed sleeveless tee-shirt , wear thin with age . she be apparently braless , and be teutonically pale with birthmark on she face and arm . notable be she camera-side leg , which end in a bandage - swaddle foot . dried rust - color blood stain the tip of the bandage . the four be argue , loudly , in german . they seem very unhappy . a waitress enter with a checkpad and pen . waitress you folk ready ? the german shouting stop . dieter look sourly up . dieter I haff lingenberry pancake . kieffer lingenberry pancake . franz sree pick in blanket . the woman speak to dieter in german . he nod . dieter lingenberry pancake . walter' car walter 's eye be on the road as he listen , drive , to the dude , whose speech be occasionally punctuate by yap from the back seat . dude I mean we totally fuck it up , man . we fuck up he pay-off . and get the kidnapper all piss off , and the big lebowski yell at I a lot , but he do not do anything . huh ? walter well it 's , sometimes the cathartic , uh . dude I be say if he know I be a fuck - up , then why do he still leave I in charge of get back he wife ? because he fuck do not want she back , man ! he 's have enough ! he no longer dig she ! it 's all a show ! but then , why do not he give a shit about he million buck ? I mean , he know we do not hand off he briefcase , but he never ask for it back . walter what 's you point , dude ? dude his million buck be never in it , man ! there be no money in that briefcase ! he be hope they would kill she ! you throw out a ringer for a ringer ! walter yeah ? dude shit yeah ! walter okay , but how do all this add up to a emergency ? dude huh ? walter I be say , I see what you be get at , dude , he keep the money , but my point be , here we be , it 's shabbas , the sabbath , which I be allow to break only if it 's a matter of life and death -- dude walter , come off it . you be not even fuck jewish , you be -- walter what the fuck be you talk about ? dude you be fuck Polish Catholic -- walter what the fuck be you talk about ? I convert when I marry Cynthia ! come on , dude ! dude yeah , and you be -- walter you know this ! dude and you be divorced five fuck year ago . walter yeah ? what do you think happen when you get divorced ? you turn in you library card ? get a new driver 's license ? stop be jewish ? dude this driveway . as he turn : walter I be as jewish as fuck tevye dude it 's just part of you whole sick Cynthia thing . take care of she fuck dog . go to she fuck synagogue . you be live in the fuck past . walter Three thousand year of beautiful tradition , from mose to Sandy koufax -- you're goddamn right I live in the past ! I - - Jesus . what the hell happen ? he be look off as the car slow . the dude look where walter be look . the lebowski mansion walter 's car pull up the drive into the foreground and he and the dude get out . both be gape off at the front lawn . walter Jesus Christ . there Pov Tire tread lead across the manicure front lawn to where a little red sport car rest with its hood crumpled into a palm trunk . tracking down the great hallway through the french door at its far end we can see Bunny , naked , briefly bounce on the diving board before splash into the illuminate pool outside . heavy metal music filter in from a boom box by the pool . brandt , approach , stoops and straighten , stoops and straighten , pick up the discard clothes that run the length of the hall . brandt he can not see you , dude . we pull the dude and walter as they approach the door to the great study . walter 's dog follow , stiffly wave its tail . dude where would she be ? brandt visit friend of hers in Palm Springs . just pick up and leave , never bother to tell we . dude but I guess she tell dieter . walter Jesus , dude ! he never even kidnap she . brandt who 's this gentleman , dude ? walter who be I ? I be a fuck veteran ! brandt you should not go in there , dude ! he 's very angry ! bang -- the dude and walter push through the double door into -- the great room the big lebowski turn at the sound of the door . his wheelchair hum as he spin it around . lebowski ( bitterly ) well , she 's back . no thanks to you . dude where 's the money , lebowski ? walter a million buck from fucking needy little urban achiever ! you be scum , man ! the dog yap . lebowski who the hell be he ? walter I will tell you who I be ! I be the guy who 's gonna kick you phony goldbricking ass ! dude we know the briefcase be empty , man . we know you keep the million buck yourself . lebowski well , you have you story , I have mine . I say I entrust the money to you , and you steal it . walter as if we would ever dream of taking you bullshit money ! dude you think Bunny would be kidnap and you could use it as a pretext to make some money disappear . all you need be a sap to pin it on , and you would just meet I . you think , hey , a deadbeat , a loser , someone the square community will not give a shit about . lebowski well ? be not you ? dude well . . . yeah . lebowski all right , get out . both of you . walter look at that fuck phony , dude ! pretend to be a fuck millionaire ! lebowski I say out . now . walter let I tell you something else . I have see a lot of spinal , dude , and this guy be a fake . a fuck goldbricker . he be crossing to lebowski . walter this guy fuck walk . I have never be more certain of anything in my life ! lebowski stay away from I , mister ! walter reach around from behind and hoist the big lebowski out of the wheelchair by he armpit . walter walk , you fuck phony ! the big lebowski waggle helplessly , he rubbery foot graze the floor like a raggedy ann' . the pomeranian gaily leap and yap . lebowski put I down , you son of a bitch ! dude walter ! walter it 's all over , man ! we call you fuck bluff ! dude walter , for christ sake ! he's crippled ! put he down ! walter sure , I will put he down , dude . rauss ! achtung , baby !! he shove the big lebowski forward and he crumple to the floor , weep . walter oh , shit . lebowski ( sobbing ) you be bully ! coward , both of you ! walter be abash . the Big lebowski flail about on the floor . walter oh , shit . dude he can not walk , walter ! walter yeah , I can see that , dude . lebowski you monster ! dude help I put he back in he chair . walter move to comply . walter shit , sorry man . through he tear : lebowski stay away from I ! you bully ! you and this woman ! you will not leave a man he fuck ball ! dude walter , you fuck ! walter shit , dude , I do not know . I would not have do it if I know he be a fuck crybaby . dude we be sorry , man . we be really sorry . the dude have pick up the Big lebowski 's plaid lap warmer and be frantically tucking it back in around he waist and bat the dog away . dude there ya go . sorry man . walter , puzzle , hand on hip , stand over the big lebowski . walter shit . he do not look like a spinal . ten pin scatter at the cut . dude and walter each with a beer at the scoring table . walter sure you will see some tank battle . but fight in desert be very different from fight in canopy jungle . dude uh-huh . walter I mean ' nam be a foot soldier 's war whereas , uh , this thing should be a fuck cakewalk . I mean I have a m16 , jacko , not a abram fuck tank . just I and Charlie , man , eyeball to eyeball . dude yeah . walter that 's fuckin ' combat . the man in the black pyjamas , dude . Worthy fuckin ' adversary . donny who 's in pyjamas , walter ? walter shut the fuck up , donny . not a bunch of fig-eater with towel on they head tryin ' to find reverse on a Soviet tank . this be not a worthy -- voice hey ! the dude and walter look . quintana be bellow from the lip of the lane , and be restrain by o'brien . quintana what 's this " day of rest " shit , man ?! walter look at he innocently . quintana what be this bullshit , man ? I do not fuck care ! it do not matter to Jesus ! but you be not fool I ! you might fool the fuck in the league office , but you do not fool Jesus ! it 's bush league psych - out stuff ! laughable , man ! I would have fuck you in the ass Saturday , I will fuck you in the ass next Wednesday instead ! quintana he make hip -grind coital motion as o'brien lead he away . quintana you get a date Wednesday , man ! walter , he head cocked , and the dude , peek over he shade , watch he go . walter he 's crack . bowling alley parking lot donny , walter and the dude emerge from the alley , each hold he leatherette ball satchel . walter a tree of life , dude . to all who cling to it . they react to the dron synthesizer - base technopop come from a boom box . reverse dieter , kieffer and franz , in shiny black leather , stand in a line face they in the all - but-desert lot . behind they orange flame lick gently at the dude 's car , which have be put to the torch . the orange flame glow on the man 's creak leather . next to the car be three motorcycle , park in a neat row . the dude look sadly at the burn car . dude they finally do it . they kill my fuck car . dieter vee vant zat money , lebowski . kieffer ja , uzzervize vee kill ze girl . franz ja , it seem you forget we little deal , lebowski . dude you do not have the fuck girl , dipshit . we know you never do . so you have get nothin ' on my Johnson . dude the man in black , stunne , confer amongst themselves in german . under he breath : donny be this the Nazis , walter ? walter answer , also sotto voce , he eye still on the three man : walter they be nihilist , donny , nothing to be afraid of . the Germans stop confer . dieter vee do not care . vee still vant zat money or vee fuck you up . kieffer ja , vee still vant ze money . vee sreaten you . he pull a uzi from under he coat . it glint in the firelight . walter fuck you . fuck the three of you . dude hey , cool it walter . walter ignore the dude , address the Germans : walter there 's no ransom if you do not have a fuck hostage . that 's what ransom be . that be the fuck rule . dieter Zere be no roolz ! walter no rule ! you cabbage - eating son - of - bitch -- kieffer his girlfriend gafe up she toe ! she seek we would be get million dollar ! iss not fair ! walter Fair ! who' the fucking nihilist here ! what be you , a bunch of fucking crybabies ?! dude hey , cool it walter . listen , pal , there never be any money . the big lebowski give I a empty briefcase , man , so take it up with he . walter and i'd like my undie back ! the Germans confer again , in german . donny be visibly frighten . donny be they gonna hurt we , walter ? walter be tone be gentle : walter they will not hurt we , donny . this man be coward . the conference end : dieter okay . vee take ze money you haf on you und vee call it eefen . walter fuck you . the dude be digging into he pocket . dude come on , walter , we be end this thing cheap . walter 's eye , burn with hatred , be lock on dieter 's . walter what 's mine be mine . dude come on , walter !. louder , to the Germans , as he look in he wallet : dude four dollar here ! he inspect the change in he palm . dude almost five ! donny ( tremulously ) I get eighteen dollar , dude . walter ( grimly ) what 's mine be mine . with a ring of steel , dieter produce a glint saber . dieter vee fuck you up , man ! vee take you money ! walter ( coolly ) come and get it . dieter vee fuck you up , man ! walter come and get it . Fucking nihilist . dieter I fuck you ! I fuck you ! walter show I what you get . nihilist . dipshit with a nine-toed woman . in a rage , dieter charge . dieter I fuck you ! I fuck you ! walter hurl he leather satchel . kieffer watch dieter 's charge , be catch off-guard . the bowl ball thud into he chest and lift he off he foot . he fall back , he uzi clatter away . walter twist away as dieter reach he ; grab dieter 's head in both hand ; draw dieter 's head up to he mouth , which close on dieter 's ear . dude he rush franz but draw up short as franz send out karate kick , he leather pants squeaking and pop . franz give a loud cry with each kick ; the dude lean back , throw he arm up , evade the kick . walter his jaw be still clamp on dieter 's ear . dieter draw he saber against walter 's side , draw blood . walter do not react to the wound . growl as dieter scream , he worry he ear , waggling he head with he jaw clamp . the saber dieter drop it . dude awkwardly circle , evade franz 's kick . walter still worry the ear . with a tear sound he head and dieter 's separate . dieter , earless , scream : dieter I fuck you ! you cannot hurt I ! I belief in nussing ! walter spit he ear into he face . dude the dude and franz , both now panting heavily , have yet to establish body contact . franz continue to kick . franz veakling ! walter draw back he fist . dieter nussing ! walter anti -semite ! bam !-- a powerhouse blow to the middle of he face drop dieter for the count . dude and franz with a pierce shriek franz finally summon the nerve to charge the dude , hand raise to deliver karate blow . as he reach the dude -- whhap -- the boom box swing into frame to smash he in the face . its volume shoot up . walter bashes he a few more time over the head . the music screech to static , then quiet . laid out now , franz too be quiet . all quiet . walter , panting , look around . walter we have get a man down , dude . with a hand press to he bleed side he trot over to donny , who lie gasp on the ground . the dude , also panting , rise and trot over . dude hy God ! they shot he , walter ! walter no dude . dude they shot donny ! donny gasp for air . his eye , wide , go from the dude to walter . one hand still clutches he eighteen dollar . walter there be not any shot . dude then what 's ... walter it 's a heart attack . dude wha . walter call the medic , dude . dude wha. . . donny -- walter hurry dude . I would go but I be pump blood . might pass out . the dude run into the lane . walter lay a reassure hand on donny 's shoulder . walter Rest easy , good buddy , you be do fine . we get help chop in . fade out hold in black the dude and walter --- they sit side by side , forearm on knee , in a nondescript wait area . walter bounce the fingertip of one hand off that of the other . they sit . they wait . a tall thin man in a conservative black suit enter . he eye the dude 's bowl attire and sunglass and walter 's army surplus , but do not make a issue of it . man hello , gentleman . you be the bereaved ? dude yeah man . man Francis donnelly . please to meet you . dude Jeffrey lebowski . walter walter sobchak . dude the dude , actually . be what , uh . donnelly Excuse I ? dude nothing . donnelly yes . I understand you be take away the remain . walter yeah . donnelly we have the urn . he nod through a door . another man in a black suit enter to carefully deposit a large silver urn on the desktop . donnelly and I assume this be credit card ? he be vaguely hand a large leather folder across the desk to whomever want to take it . walter yeah . he take it , open it , put on read glass that sit halfway down he nose , and inspect the bill with he head pull back for focus and cocked for concentration . silence . the dude smile at donnelly . donnelly give back a mortician 's smile . at length walter hold the bill towards donnelly , point . walter what 's this ? donnelly that be for the urn . walter do not need it . we be scatter the ash . donnelly yes , so we be inform . however , we must of course transmit the remain to you in a receptacle . walter this be a hundred and eighty dollar . donnelly yes sir . it be we most modestly priced receptacle . dude well can we -- walter a hundred and eighty dollar ?! donnelly they range up to three thousand . walter yeah , but we be -- dude can we just rent it from you ? donnelly Sir , this be a mortuary , not a rental house . walter we be scatter the fuck ash ! dude walter -- walter just because we're bereave doesn't mean we're sap ! donnelly Sir , please lower you voice -- dude hey man , do not you have something else you could put it in ? donnelly that be we most modestly priced receptacle . walter goddamnit ! be there a ralph's around here ?! point dume -- day it be a high , wind - sweep bluff . walter and the dude walk towards the lip of the bluff . park in the background be one lonely car , walter 's . walter be carry a bright red coffee can with a blue plastic lid . when they reach the edge the two man stand awkwardly for a beat . finally : walter I will say a few word . the dude clasp he hand in front of he . walter clear he throat . walter donny be a good bowler , and a good man . he be . . . he be one of we . he be a man who love the outdoors , and bowl , and as a surfer explore the beach of southern California from redondo to calabassos . and he be a avid bowler . and a good friend . he die -- he die as so many of he generation , before he time . in you wisdom you take he , Lord . as you take so many bright flowering young man , at khe San and Lan Doc and Hill 364 . this young man give they life . and donny too . donny who . . . who love bowl . walter clear he throat . walter and so , Theodore -- Donald -- karabotsos , in accordance with what we think you die wish might well have be , we commit you mortal remain to the bosom of . walter be peel the plastic lid off the coffee can . walter the Pacific Ocean , which you love so well . as he shake out the ash : walter goodnight , sweet prince . the wind have blow all of the ash into the dude , stand just to the side of and behind walter . the dude stand , freeze . finish eulogize , walter look back . walter shit , I be sorry dude . he start brush off the dude with he hand . walter goddamn wind . heretofore motionless , the dude finally explode , slapping walter 's hand away . dude goddamnit walter ! you fuck asshole ! walter dude ! dude , I be sorry ! the dude be near tear . dude you make everything a fuck travesty ! walter dude , I be - - it be a accident ! the dude give walter a furious shove . dude what about that shit about Vietnam ! walter dude , I be sorry -- dude what the fuck do Vietnam have to do with anything ! what the fuck be you talk about ?! walter for the first time be genuinely distress , almost lose . walter shit dude , I be sorry -- dude you be a fuck , walter ! he give walter a weaker shove . walter seem daze , then wrap he arm around the dude . walter awww , fuck it dude . let 's go bowl . the lane the dude and walter bowling we watch each of they glide across the floor , release , follow through -- gracefully . we have never see they bowl before . they be quite good . each wear a black armband on he bowl shirt . bar area the dude walk up to the bar . dude two oat soda , Gary . gary right . good luck tomorrow . dude thanks , man . gary sorry to hear about donny . dude yeah . well , you know , sometimes you eat the bear , and , uh . " tumble tumbleweed " have come up on the jukebox , and the Stranger amble up to the bar . the stranger howdy do , dude . dude oh , hey man , how be ya ? I wonder if I would see you again . the stranger would not miss the semis . how thing be goin ' ? dude ahh , you know . strike and gutter , up and downs . the Stranger 's eye crinkle merrily . the stranger sure , I gotcha . the bartender have put two gleam beer on the counter . dude thanks , Gary ... take care , man , I gotta get back . the stranger sure . take it easy , dude -- I know that you will . the dude , leaving , nods : dude yeah man . well , you know , the dude abide . gazing after he , the Stranger drawl , savore the word : the stranger the dude abide . he give he head a shake of appreciation , then look into the camera . the stranger I do not know about you , but I take comfort in that . it 's good knowin ' he 's out there , the dude , takin ' she easy for all we sinner . shoosh . I sure hope he make the final . welp , that about do she , wrap she all up . thing seem to have work out pretty good for the dude and walter , and it be a purt good story , dontcha think ? make I laugh to beat the band . part , anyway . course -- I do not like seein ' donny go . but then , happen to know that there 's a little lebowski on the way . I guess that 's the way the whole durn human comedy keep perpetuatin ' it - self , down through the generation , westward the wagon , across the sand a time until - - aw , look at I , I be ramblin ' again . Wal , uh hope you folk enjoy yourselves . he brushes he hat brim with a fingertip as we begin to pull back . the stranger catch ya further on down the trail . as we pull away the Stranger swivel in to the bar . as he voice fade : the stranger ... say friend , ya get any more a that good sarsaparilla ?...