the smurf Movie by J. David stem & David n. Weiss base on the book by peyo 6/16/09 the kerner entertainment company 1888 century Park East 14th floor century City , CA 90067 '' 2008 Sony picture Corp. ext . deep in the wood ( live action ) - day push in slowly through thick fern , mossy tree . peaceful , but like the calm before the storm . like a scene from jurassic Park . suddenly , a low rumble ... the sound of feet rush . Little foot . lot of they . a flash of blue in the underbrush . and another . then ... a explosion of blue and white as a throng of blue gnome - like creature ( smurf ) explode into view , frantically flee with gazelle - like precision or like a school of land - go fish . ( note : smurf will be cgi in a live-action world , throughout ) . as they whip past camera , a beast explode from the bush , leaping directly toward the screen , claw and fang bare . it 's a huge mangy house cat -- terrifying from a smurf 's Pov . at the head of the smurf be a sweet , dopey , but terrify look fellow . this be clumsy . we rocket into a cu of he face and ... freeze frame . super : '' one hour earlier '' dissolve to : ext . deep in the wood - smurf village - establishing shot mushroom cottage abound beneath a banner that read : Festival of the Blue Moon , '' for which smurf cook , build and decorate . several fly into the tiny utopia on a tame stork . angle on vanity and smurfette , lead a group of smurf in a comical dance rehearsal to the beat of native drum . vanity five , six , seven , eight ! smurfette that 's it , clumsy , feel the rhythm . good job , hefty . almost lunch time , greedy , hang in there . brainy supervise decoration nearby , but can not resist interject . brainy no , no , no ! you call that dance ?! vanity I tell you it be too complicated . the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 2. brainy I be sorry . what part of '' step - ball - change , pas de beurre , jazz hand '' be so hard to understand ?! the stare at he , blankly . hefty the whole thing . clumsy we could do the hokey pokey . brainy look who 's talk , it 's the dance bear ! brainy do a comic impression of clumsy 's dance . vanity he 's do the best he can ... with what little he have . clumsy thank you . I think . brainy ( to greedy ) and you ! every time you turn it 's like watch jelly jiggle . and do not get I start on this guy ! he turn to gutsy , a tough - look smurf in a kilt who stare he down . gutsy ( in thick Scottish brogue ) watch wat ya say lad , or you will be wear yer lip like a scarf ! brainy because he 's do fine . lazy all this dance 's make I tired . lazy yawns and fall face - first into the dirt , asleep . brainy people , please ! tonight 's the Blue Moon ! a magical time where wish be grant , the smurfberry crop be bless , and anything be possible . ( more ) the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 3. brainy ( cont 'd ) anything , except get you people to dance right . now , from the top ! on brainy 's cue , the smurf orchestra launch into song # 1 -- a celebration of the power of the Blue Moon . crazy , who can make virtually any noise with he mouth , take vocal as the other break out in a insane busby - berkely dance number . smurfette and smurf ( singing ) La la la-la- la - la la la la la la ... with smurfette front and center , the otherwise all - male dance troupe can not keep they eye off of she . many be injure . in the end , clumsy trip , set off a chain reaction of fall smurf , and knock a ladder and paint onto brainy . end song / dance sequence . int . papa smurf mushroom - moment later papa , the oldest and wisest of smurf ( set apart by he beard and red pants & hat ) hum as he work on a potion . a great sorcerer , papa 's lab be pack with alchemy book and gear . papa ( squinting , tired ) .-. six milkworm hair and precisely one drop of starweed nectar . clumsy ( 0.s. ) papa smurf ! papa smurf ! papa pour one drop ... then , wham ! the door fly open and clumsy rush in . startle , papa drop in the whole bottle and the potion explode . papa ( swallow he temper ) yeeee , clumsy ? what be it ? clumsy brainy send I to see if you need any help get ready for the festival . papa he send you here ? I think you be dance . clumsy he say my dance be so good , I should take a break so he do not pull he hair out in happiness ! the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 4 . smurfette appear in the doorway . papa let I guess , another helper ? smurfette or else brainy say I have to dance in a burka . what be a burka ? papa very well , why do not you two go pick smurfberry while I gather more starweed , for we wishing potion . smurfette papa , we have barrel of berry . clumsy can I get the starweed , papa ? please ! it 's my fault you run out . smurfette I could go with he . papa no , no . the starweed grow too close to gargamel 's castle . it 's far too dangerous for young smurf . clumsy but I be brave ! if danger come , I 'il just freeze , like you teach we . strike a absurd '' blend '' in pose , clumsy hit a pile of ancient book , which bury he . he leap back up . clumsy ( cont 'd ) I be o-kay papa smurfnabit , clumsy ... ( catch himself ) I mean ... i’1l just get the starweed myself this time . why do not you too run along and help set the table ? clumsy oh. sure , papa smurf ... sorry . clumsy sadly exit . papa begin clean . smurfette watch he , concerned . the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 5 . from 0.s. papa what ? do not smurf around the bush , smurfette . you have that ... look . smurfette when be you go to realize we be not smurfling anymore , papa ? the boy be one-hund and four . papa mere toddler , my dear . a papa 's work be never do . smurfette well , it might be , if you let we help you a little more . I worry about you -- always work so hard . papa ( fix she hair ) ahhh , my sweet little smurfette . smurfette I mean it , papa . you have raise we really well . it 's time you trust we with more responsibility and take better care of yourself for a change . come the cacophony of the rehearsal chaos . papa you be say ? come , let 's quiet they down before the whole world know be here ... as smurfette roll she eye and follow he out . dissolve to : ext . medieval town ( live - action ) - day track through as lute , flute and jugglers enliven a faire . on the wooden marque of ye olde convention CENTER : tony robbins - hood , live ! '' unshackle the giant within . '' " '' tony robbins -hood ( 0.s. ) feelest thou as if the weight of the world be upon thy shoulder ? man' voice ( 0.s. ) aye , Sir tony . a terrible weight . the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 6. int . ye olde convention CENTER - continuous close on : tony robbins - hood , pace energetically onstage . tony robbins -hood and thy step , be they not laden with heaviness ? angle to reveal sir galahad , with tony , in heavy black armor . sir galahad ( man 's voice ) aye , terrible heaviness . tony robbins -hood then , friend , unshackle thine power and reach ! reach for thy potential ! tony bounce exuberantly . galahad struggle to bounce , but fall offstage into a sea of bounce wizard and knight . tony robbins -hood ( cont ’d ) and how better , than with my new book , steal from the Rich and stop be poor ! pull a arrow from he quiver , tony point and flip through wooden , bosch -like illustration of he '' technique . '' tony robbins - hood ( cont ’d ) in chapter one , you will follow a leprechaun to rainbow 's end , throttle he , and take he gold ! in chapter two , we will sneak into a dragon 's lair , slay he and take he gold . ever spot a unicorn ? chapter Three teach thee to track he down , roast he for supper and take he gold ! hooded figure Excuse I ! what about ... smurf ? a hush as all head turn to see a hooded figure , in a fray brown monk 's robe , raise a craggy hand . this be gargamel . tony robbins -hood smurf ? the mythical blue folk in tiny white pants and hat ? about three apple high ? gargamel ( hooded figure ) aye , the very same . treacherous creature whose very essence can be the source of infinite power ! the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 7 . tony robbins -hood Sir , I offer science , not superstitious knavery ! ( to crowd ) likely he imagine the world to be a large round globe ! howl of laughter . a wizard laugh so hard , lightning from he wand , turn a hunchback into a newt . it eye gargamel . newt ( cockney accent ) I remember you ! flunke out of sorcerer tech . obsess with smurf . have this huge stupid cat . gargamel do not be absurd . meooow . azrael , the huge scraggly cat , whom we recognize from the open , rub against gargamel 's leg . gargamel ( cont ’d ) not now , azrael . the crowd laugh again . tony robbins -hood wait ! I believe I do have bit of trivia on this , valuable smurf ... tony produce part of a tatter blue scroll . gargamel gasp . tony robbins -hood ( cont ’d ) won it in parchesi from a peg-legge crusader . bark like a dog and it 's all yours ! come now , you superstitious peasant . awwwwooooo ! more laughter . furious , gargamel throw back he hood to reveal the face of a brilliant , but hapless madman . gargamel ( hooded figure ) you will rue the day you laugh at the great , and soon to be exceedingly powerful ... gargamel . hurling a vial to the floor , poof ! gargamel vanish in a plume of smoke . the crow 00000 's in awe . suddenly , the scroll be yanked from tony 's hand and begin beat he . gargamel ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) who 's laugh now ? who ? or be it whom ? either way , it be I , I ! the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 8 . but as he gloat , he do not notice he invisibility wear off ... until tony deck he into the crowd . knight fall like dominos . lantern fly . flame erupt . everyone flee . ext . medieval town - faire - day - moment later people rush from the fire . gargamel stagger out with azrael . gargamel curse invisibility spell ! make a mockery of I ! but with this , we shall never be mock again . ( reveal scroll segment ) feast you eye , azrael ! feast ! they stare absurdly at the scroll segment for a beat , '' feast . '' clearly , it bear great import than tony know . gargamel ( cont ’d ) this will lead we to the smurf . and when we extract the essence of that wretch beast , pure , unfail , unimaginable power will be ours . and this fool will worship we like god . a faire goer , among many take lesson at '' bill tell 's '' archery booth , turn to mock gargamel ... visitor crowd Worshipped ? you ?? what a ( be arrow ) crock of bull -- bullseye ! whoosh . to he student 's delight , mr . tell 's arrow skewer all three apple , mid-air , and continue toward ... ext . deep wood - day - continuous a tiny blue hand reach from within the undergrowth and pick a starweed flower . tiltdown down to reveal clumsy , fill a sack with the flower for papa. berry ... then another . nearby , a few more blue hand suddenly pick a branch clean . clumsy we be too young to pick starweed ? ha . it 's too dangerous ? pleeease . thwack ! William tell 's apple-lade arrow land like a totem pole beside clumsy , terrifying he and revealing he to be precisely three apple high . he freeze in he absurd pose . dissolve to : the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 9 . EST . gargamel 's castle - day a ominous hovel of stone , spew dark smoke from a chimney . int . gargamel 's castle - day the would - be wizard hum while methodically smoothing he new blue scroll segment on the table of he ramshackle lab . he then produce a horrifying implement of torture and ... smashes he piggy bank with it . azrael be aghast . from the shard he pull ... the other half of blue scroll . he break into a fit of egomaniacal laughter . azrael join he . gargamel ( stop abruptly ) now you be just milk it . gargamel smooth the piece together and the page magically bond , shimmer to life . gargamel ( cont ’d ) behold , my friend ... the window of smurf . angle on the complete scroll : like a live window : clumsy be reveal in the wood below the castle . smash to : ext . deep in the wood - day flee through the wood at top speed . clumsy he 's come ! he 's come ! up ahead , a troop of other smurf stop pick smurfberry and look up to see clumsy with azrael be not far behind . clumsy charge through the group and they instantanly follow . freeze frame : on clumsy 's terrify face . super : '' this be where you come in . '' the action resume as the gazelle-like pack rush through the wood . come upon jokey and other smurf , work on smurf dam . they charge across . clumsy ( cont 'd ) azrael ! jokey gargamel ! the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 10 . sure enough , not far behind azrael , gargamel come into view , read he magic scroll . in the panic , clumsy and the other leap off smurf dam , onto log raft , shoot the rapid full speed . meanwhile : ext . smurf village - late afternoon papa dutifully '' enjoy '' as brainy conduct harmony , crazy and the smurf orchestra to a comically bumpy finale . papa and then after the music , I will smurf the wishing potion into the well and we will all hold we wish deep in we heart . now , remember , only the smurf with the purest , most gentle heart will have he wish grant . clumsy ( 0.s. ) aaaaaaaaagh ! clumsy and the other roar into the village on the raft , leaping and fall to shore . clumsy ( cont 'd ) papa smurf ! papa smurf ! papa not now , clumsy . ( to the other ) then we will all gaze up at the rise of the glorious Blue Moon and say ... ahhhh ! the smurf look up as gargamel 's huge head loom into view . gargamel ( start the famous song ) bluuue moooon . you saw I stand alone -- ( be azrael 's protest ) alright , so I bring my cat . crazy begin make a alarm SOUND as smurf scream and scatter . azrael charge . gargamel be right behind . papa sprint past clumsy . clumsy papa smurf ! gargamel 's come . the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 11 . papa I notice ! run! gargamel oh , you can run ... but i’1ll tan you hide ! papa and clumsy dash for a mushroom cottage . but gargamel obliterate it with he foot . the force of the stomp send papa and clumsy flying in opposite direction . in the melee , papa smashes open what look like a glass case where a fire hose would be . but instead of a hose , it contain a leather pouch with a emergency stash of smurfberrire . papa ( to pouch ) Old friend , I hope it would never come to this . ext . nearby wood - sundown - moment later like thunder buffalo , the smurf roar for a narrow ravine . papa smurfentine ! smurfentine ! darting as a persicion herd , the smurf dodge azareal and enter the ravine , pass a sign : forbidden grottos -keep out ! smurfette forbidden grottos ?! the last smurf to go in here be never see again ! brainy ( hurry past she ) then do not be last ! they pass more sign : agony ahead !... perhaps death !... then , more agony !... I mean it !... especially in a Blue Moon ! ext . forbidden grottos - twilight - moment later the smurf stumble into a lush , green , dead end . wall by steep rock , a baby stream flow from a pond at the base of a smurf - size waterfall . smurfette it 's a dead end ! there 's nowhere to hide ! the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 12. clumsy ( forget they danger ) hey , look ! the Blue Moon ! peek through tree , a huge blue moon edge over the ravine . as its ray hit the pond , clumsy do not see the little fall begin to magically shimmer behind he . papa clumsy , no ! he reach for clumsy 's wrist just as thhhhhp ! clumsy flail backwards , suck into the magical fall , envelop in a rainbow of ENERGY . he disappear through the once solid rock wall behind the fall . papa 's pull in too . follow by one smurf after another as they grab to save one another . gargamel burst onto the scene only to find ... they be go . gargamel coward ! come out and fight like man ! albeit , very small , decidedly blue man , but still -- suddenly he face light up ... as he see the shimmering fall envelop in a rainbow of ENERGY . white out : ext . opposite side of the waterfall / portal - day close on another fall in a similar grotto . the wall behind the fall crackle with electricity , then , whoosh . out come papa , follow by a chain of scream smurf . they land ina churn pool , just beneath the fall . underwater : smurf frantically swim to the surface . as hefty pull comrade ashore -- whoosh -- another crackle of ENERGY and gargamel 's hand reach from the fall . papa look out ! gargamel 's arm flail in search of smurf . jokey pull he float gift BOX from the pool . jokey here you go . have a present ! he shove the box into gargamel 's huge hand , which promptly disappear back through the fall . the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 13 . jokey ( cont 'd ) wait for it ... warbley distant SOUND fx : kaboom ! follow by a angry yowl . but before the smurf can fully enjoy jokey 's work ... hefty ( look 0.s. , awed ) sweet mother of smurf . the smurf follow Romeo 's gaze to ... smurfs' Pov : just downstream , another '' faire '' be in progress . but unlike the quaint , medieval affair of the open , this be a fully modern trade show of today , with truck , advertising , generator , ride and rock & roll . papa wherever we be , we have get to gather the other and find clumsy before the Blue Moon end or we will never get home . c'mon ! papa and other race after the smurf be sweep downstream . ext . parc do woluwe - brussel - present day - continuous in classic european style , wood and lawn flourish near City Centre . tourist stroll the booth of a trade show . vendor show everything from hybrid car to hi-tech health gear . boom down from a int 'o retailer faire Banner , to find clumsy , wet and afaid , under a bench , stare up at a black monolith . clumsy Pov : tilt up to reveal a statue of a smurf . the plaque read : '' Le Grand schtroumpf par peyo . '' hear laughter he turn to a large , colorful mushroom that loom ahead , look somewhat like a smurf Cottage . we recognize it as a moonbounce . clumsy papa ? as clumsy approach , whoosh ! he 's sucked against the moonbounce intake grill . the blower begin to wheeze . child scream as the moonbounce begin to deflate around they . parent come run . a cord be kicked . the blower cut off . clumsy flop to the ground . people see he ... kide & parent agh , rongeur ! Sacre bleu !... Blue ? the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 14 . stick and can land all around a terrify clumsy as he struggle to catch he breath and scramble away . he quickly dart under the flap of a nearby tent . ext . forbidden grottos - night gargamel stumble about in the pond , hoist a log like a batter ram . his clothes be a bit more tatter and he face be blacken by jokey 's recent explosion . gargamel hold on to you catnip , azrael ... and with that , he charge the tiny fall with the log . int . souvenir tent - afternoon look to hide , clumsy scramble past the shoe of patrick winslow ( 30 ) , a handsome , harry , american marketer for a cosmetics powerhouse . as Patrick take note on a rival 's product , he phone ring . intercut with ... ext . grassy curbside parkway - manhattan - am same Patrick 's daughter , sophie ( 8 ) , be on she mother 's cell phone , pace blithely with the family 's trusty beagle , tarzan , who wear a protective lamp - shade collar . sophie hi , daddy ! I miss you so much ! do you miss I ? patrick of course , princess . like crazy . sophie Mom say , you be worried about money so you might not bring we any present . be that for real ? patrick ( can not bear to hurt she ) no , baby . in fact , I already pick you out something special ... Patrick glance about for a way to make this true . among the toy , he glimpsis a small blue figure , frozen in a familiar blend - in pose . as he cross to it , a bell blare from the school behind Sophie . tarzan yowls . the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 15 . sophie it 's okay , tarzan ! tarzan , shhhh ! patrick where be you , Sophie ? Patrick pick up clumsy , and inspect he . sophie ( 0.s. ) at sammy 's school . patrick with tarzan ? sophie ( nonchalant ) yeah , sammy get in trouble for fly he helicopter at the pep rally so mom have to pick he , and we be at the vet cause , tarzan 's tooth hurt . patrick ( beat ) oh. just then , Patrick 's beautiful , frazzle wife ( gracie ) , exit the school , try to quiet a teethe baby ( reina ) . Son , SAM ( 14 ) be right behind , carry a break remote control helicopter . sophie Mom , daddy want to talk to you ! SAM ( put in earphone ) it be not my fault ! gracie ( into phone ) hey , baby , how be you hold up ? patrick I ? how be you do ? what 's go on with Sam ? gracie he 's alright . but we be gonna have to pay for a new scoreboard ... and coach gruby 's tupee . ( for Sam ) the principal will tell we all about it , in we meeting tomorrow night ... Sam roll he eye , then get distract by a cute girl go inside . Gracie pull he back to reality and toward the car . the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 16 . patrick ooookay . and the dog ? what 's that gonna to set we back ? gracie ( be dog 's cone , wince ) seven-hund and fifty dollar ? Patrick 's heart skip a beat as he set he impromptu gift selection at the register . Gracie reluctantly continue ... gracie ( cont 'd ) oh , and do not write any check for a little bit ... I have to put down $ 1,500 on Sophie 's brace . Sophie flash a bracey smile . Patrick sheepishly remove some gift from the counter . the proprietor be not impressed . gracie ( cont 'd ) do you talk to odile about travel less ? Patrick watch the proprietor scan clumsy , whose eye go cross -ey as the laser hit he again and again . patrick not yet , but I will . gracie serious , honey . this family need you . the kid miss you . I miss you . patrick I ' 1l talk to she . I promise . as Gracie wrestle reina into the car , the phone slip from she ear . she yell at it on the floorboard . gracie sophie Love you ! can not wait to see bye , daddy ! we love you . you ! end call . Patrick note the proprietor try to price clumsy . patric what be that anyway ? proprietor stroumph . how you say ... smurf ? local legend , like leprechaun . ( give up scan ) twenty euros ? the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 17 . patrick he 's filthy . proprietor be legend ! Fifteen . patrick how about ten ? I be stretch a little thin here . the proprietor glare . Patrick sigh , toss down the euros . ext . souvenir tent - moment later as Patrick exit , we see clumsy trap in a clear souvenir box . Patrick 's boss 's droll , asian , assistant , van , appear . van there you be . ( hustling Patrick along ) c'mon . we have win Grand Prize for best display , and Madame 's wait . patrick Grand Prize ? great . unless it will feed my family , you can have it . van funny you should say that ... Van lead Patrick to a huge , gaudy , playhouse - like chocolate castle . Patrick 's dumfounded . they boss , odile laurent , command the crowd . stun , charming , a modern - day Liz arden , odile do not just run she business , she 's a star . odile ( gorgeous french accent ) c'est bon ! here 's my marketing genius . come claim you prize , mon chéri . you deserve it . she pull he into a group photo in front of the castle . patrick ( through force smile ) what be I suppose to do with it ? odile keep smile , mon cheri . l let 's not offend we host . the photo be snap . Patrick glad hand the belgian . the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 18 . angle on clumsy , now partially free of the box . suddenly , he duck back inside as something 0.s. fill he with dread ... gargamel and azrael pass by , take in the strange new world . gargamel what manner of freakish realm be this , azrael ? yet , even here , the stench of smurf give I goosebump . on gargamel : he spot a tall , attractive nordic woman . gargamel ( cont ’d ) you there ! trollop ! I be search for this nasty blue creature --— nordic woman what do you call I ? gargamel trollop ... tart , wench -- whap ! she deck he and march off . gargamel rub he face . his first '' touch '' by a woman , gargamel tingles with a strange sensation . he sit up , hold he heart . gargamel ( cont ’d ) wait ... you mystical , divine she - beast ... come back ! ext . trade show - laurent booth a little later Van and other worker pack up . Patrick watch nervously as odile study a larger - than - life display poster of herself . after a beat , she turn abruptly and hand he a file . odile Patrick , mon coeur , I want you to help get we Paris campaign back on track . patrick Paris ? odile I be not say move there . just pop over a week or two each month . patrick ( flipping through file ) odile , I just promise my wife I would talk to you about travel less . the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 19 . odile and now you have . do not you just have another child ? what be that , three now ? and a wife . and a dog ? oh , I can not imagine the pressure you father must feel . patrick ( unconvincing ) would not have it any other way . odile still , more travel , more money , voila ... less pressure . I be only think of you , mon , poulet . and only ' till my makeover of Europe take hold . a year ... two , top . ( on Patrick 's tear look ) trust I , you lovely bride will thank you in the end . ( get in limo ) see you at glamour con ! with a smile she leave Patrick miserable in she wake . ext . exhibition area - behind the booths - day - same papa and the smurf tiptoe like navy seal through a maze of cable and support gear . suddenly , papa flash a '' hold up '' sign . the smurf stop , bump each other in chain reaction . papa alright everyone , think like clumsy . the smurf immediately adopt blank or dopey stare . a few just plain fall down . papa just shake he head . clumsy ( 0.s. ) ( faintly ) papa smurf , papa smurf ! the smurf look up to see clumsy , wave frantically from within he box as Van and Patrick load into a taxi . gutsy lead a charge of several smurf for the taxi . gutsy we'rrrrrre , comin’ ferrr ya clumsy ! in the BOX : clumsy desperately hold outstretch arm toward he comrade . then , he eye go wide with fear ... clumsy Pov : opposite papa and the other , gargamel and azrael be stare right at he . the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 20 . gargamel ( to Patrick ) stop ! thief ! that 's my smurf ! gargamel 's cry be lose in the crowd noise . oblivious , Patrick lower a devastate clumsy into the trunk . gargamel charge , but the taxi pull away , leave he gasping for breath ... directly over the crestfallen smurf his internal sense atingle , gargamel look down to see gutsy and the other at he foot . smurf ( flee ) yahhh ! azrael give a war cry . master and cat charge they prey . a free-for-all as gargamel and azrael chase smurf through various booth , wreck display and toppling exhibit . seek refuge , papa and the smurf race toward Patrick 's chocolate castle , imagine some great ruler must live there . papa sanctuary , oh , benevolent lord ! sanctuary for my little smurumph --! whap ! papa trip on a tape gun , toss aside by fed ex worker as they prep to ship the castle . his face embed in tape , papa 's muffled cry draw help from hefty and gutsy , who rip he free , leave some beard embed in the tape . papa ( cont 'd ) oooouch ! with gargamel bear down , gutsy and hefty help papa as they charge after the other into the castle . gutsy lower the gate ! the chocolate gate wheel break off . greedy take a bite . greedy mmmmm ! suddenly , they world go black as a cargo lid be lower onto the castle . wham ! gargamel face - plant against the crate . a fedex guy secure the lid while he partner label it with the tape gun . the container be hoist . gargamel leap for it . the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 21 . gargamel no ! my smurf ! mine ! miiiine ! he fall on he back , clutching a shred of label and tape , the wind knock out of he . fedex worker and they will absolutely positively be there overnight . the worker exit . gargamel examine the shred of label and tape . it feature patric 's company logo : '' laurent '' and '' USA '' . gargamel call to a passerby . gargamel you , knave ! pray tell , where be the '' usa " of this sacred writings ? passerby uh ... about 4000 mile that way ? gargamel and how many doubloon do one need for mule passage to this , usa ? passerby do you mule fly ? gargamel ( bewilder ) a fly mule ? just then ... a 777 roar overhead . gargamel cover he head in terror . then ... a crooked smile creak across he face . dissolve to : int . airplane - sunset Patrick try to get comfortable in he seat . finally , he pull clumsy from the souvenir box , look he over , then stuff he behind he head as a neck pillow . close on : clumsy , he face mashed into the window . his eye go wide as the earth pull away 15,000 foot below he . he 's on he way to ... '' usa . '' fade out . int . brussel int 'l airport - ticket counter - day gargamel argue with a belgian ticket agent . the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 22 . gargamel but I demand passage on you terrible winge beast ! ticket agent Sir , no passport , no ticket . catch sight of a huge woman load a tiny dog into a carrier , gargamel suddenly calm down . gargamel yes , of course . would not want to take up too much room in the belly of you fly machine . he step away from the counter and begin rummage in he magic bag . azreal mews , confuse by gargamel 's sly smile . int . airplane - night a perfectly quiet , normal flight . a man get up to retrieve he laptop from the overhead bin . int . overhead bin - night - continuous the bin open . in the dark far end , a pocket in a carry - on wriggles . a tiny meow , then , a tiny gargamel and azrael shove a snicker bar aside and peek out from the pocket . tiny gargamel of course , I think this through . it 's a standard class a shrink spell . what could go wrong ? azrael meow as he tail suddenly grow to full size . gargamel oh , dear . int . airplane - night - continuous in a flash of smoke and light , life-size gargamel and azrael tumble out of the overhead bin . people scream , panicked by the '' explosion '' and smoky man , face - down in the aisle . gargamel it 's okay , I be a wizard . passenger ( be smoky robe ) he 's get a bomb ! gargamel sit up just as a flight attendant ram he in the face with the drink cart and everyone jump he . the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 23 . ext . winslow neighborhood - middle of the night a taxi pull up outside a slightly - neglect upper middle - class house in Englewood , New Jersey . at the front door , Patrick collect forget mail , mostly bill . the mailbox lid come off in he hand . he sigh . int . winslow house - middle of the night the door latch jiggle and shake . finally the stick door be shoulder open and Patrick enter with he bag . he slip he shoe off and tip toe up the stair , note swatch of paint sample remain from unfinish test , long ago . in Sam 's room -- Patrick tousle he son 's hair and slide a new snow globe on the desk -- beside a row of similar snow globe Patrick 's bring back from all over the world . in sophie 's room -- Patrick find he young daughter asleep in she princess bed . Patrick slide clumsy beneath one arm , then kiss she on the head . Sophie stir just enough to notice the gift and smile . Patrick smile , too , and exit . clumsy 's eye pop open . he try to squirm free , but Sophie roll over , pin he beneath she chest . he 's struggle , but can not move . exhausted , he lay back and pass out . in the master bedroom -- Patrick quietly undress and ready to climb into bed beside a clearly exhaust Gracie . he step on a toy , which launch into song , waking baby reina , who burst into tear . Gracie start to get up . patrick I get it . exhausted , Patrick soothes the baby , alone , as Gracie , grateful , fall back into bed , dead to the world . dissolve to : int . JFK int 'l airport - U.S. custom - dawn security , immigration and a lufthansa agent argue as gargamel watch anxiously in the background . lufthansa agent we be not fly back a terrorist ! that 's you jurisdiction ! custom officer maybe he cat 's a terrorist , but he 's a bum with no weapon that you let on you flight . send ‘em back ! the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 24 . lufthansa agent custom officer who 's you supervisor ? who 's you supervisor ?! as they grab phone and dial angrily , gargamel simply take he bag and cat and blend into a line clear for exit . int . JFK - terminal - dawn several driver hold name placard , await they passenger . gargamel approach one , read '' Smith . '' armenian driver Smith ? gargamel smurf . armenian driver smirth . gargamel smurf , you dunderhead ignoramus . ( suspicious ) who send you ? what do you know of this rune ? foreign limo driver ( be shipping label ) ees in city , meester smoorf ? you vant stop zhere first ? gargamel yesssss , my speak - impair friend . I vant stop zhere first . the driver try to take he bag . gargamel yank it back . int . sophie 's room - dawn clumsy yawns and stretch in the first morning light . suddenly , he jolt awake , no idea where he be . inching from beneath Sophie , he take in the giant princess , then back into something wet . he turn and stare into the sleep snout of tarzan , the beagle . clumsy back into a pile of toy , bury himself in a avalanche of lifeless , horrifying doll face . worst of all , sniff sniff ... tarzan growls . Sophie shush in she sleep ... sophie tarzaamb ... shubbshsssh . clumsy go to scream , but merely peeps , then he flee into ... the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 25 . int . bathroom - continuous clumsy heave the great door close , then scale the sink cabinet , to get further from tarzan , who paw at the door . on the counter : clumsy collapse to catch he breath . after a beat , he sniff something sweet and follow he nose to ... the berry-burst liquid hand soap . famish , he suck down a mouthful , then grimace , burping a huge bubble . stepping back , he triggers the blow dryer which set he run in place in pool of slippy soap . reaching for support , clumsy yank the plug and all be quiet . he spot a '' crystal pool , '' below and climb eagerly down ... into the toilet : humming happily , clumsy enjoy a quick splash under the arm and a gargle . ahh , refresh . to climb out , he grab the handle ... flush ! flail wildly for balance , clumsy grab the toilet paper , which unfurl as he fall toward the raging whirlpool below . just as he would be lose , he 's pluck free . clumsy look up from Sophie 's grasp to see she tower over he in she princess jammy . he try freezing again . sophie I know you be alive ... I see you . clumsy can not contain another burp and bubble . Sophia giggle . sophie ( cont 'd ) see . clumsy throw himself on he face . clumsy please you highness , do not hurt I ! I will do whatever you say ! I do not mean to wake you . I just want to go home ! sophie you silly . I have never hurt you . why would I hurt you ? ( as clumsy peek up ) but , I would take care of you ... if you let I . tarzan sniff and jump up , curious , as Sophie reach to pet clumsy . clumsy pull back , afraid . the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 26 . sophie ( cont 'd ) do not be scared . it 's just tarzan . he 's a good dog . be you hungry ? I will bet you be . I be hungry . against he will , clumsy nod . Sophie warmly smile . sophie ( cont 'd ) you like breakfast in bed ? I love it . he nod again . as she pull he close and start out , clumsy stiffen , but then ... he can not resist a much need cuddle . int . town car - manhattan - same azrael and gargamel each hang out the window like a dog , take in the Big Apple . they be mesmerize by billboard and jumbotron tout beauty , fashion and youth . noting the limo 's decanter , gargamel take a swig , then spit take all over the back of the limo . meanwhile , a angry stream of armenian come from dispatch . foreign limo driver Smith ? at JFK ?? no smurth ? he glare at gargamel , who be lick the picture on a pack of peanut . slam to : ext . central park west - early morning gargamel , he cat , bag and crumpled shipping label be toss from the car . the driver , cursing in armenian , speed away . gargamel lunatic demon ! I be keep you peanut !! see the shipping label float in the gutter , toward a storm drain , gargamel leap and grab they . gargamel ( cont ’d ) ye god , the rune ! azrael yowls sniff at the label . gargamel ( cont ’d ) what now , cat ? the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 27 . gargamel examine the tape more closely ... fine bit of grey hair be embed within . push azrael aside , gargamel 's eye go wide with excitement ... gargamel ( cont ’d ) praise all darkness ! papa 's beard ! it 's not much , but even a smidgen of smurf , in the right hand , should yield power and rich beyond belief . gargamel eye a porta potty near a renovation project . gargamel ( cont ’d ) ahh , this should make a nice laboratory in which to tease the power from this precious strand . they enter the porta potty . after a beat ... sniff ... meow ! gargamel ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) I agree . someone 's be work a dark and terrible magic in here . they quickly stagger out , gasping . wipe to : ext . turtle pond / belvedere castle - moment later gargamel and azrael stomp through the shrub and come upon belvedere castle -- a rundown architectural folly , amazingly like he home . he smile . gargamel bashes the lock open with a rock and peer into the cob-webbed labyrinth of old park junk ... it 's perfect . gargamel oh , baby ... daddy 's home . int . winslow kitchen - early morning Patrick sit , absently feed the baby , while study a french book in the other . he struggle with a sentence . patrick bonjour , reina . vous aimez cherrios ? Sam sit nearby , repair he helicopter , also lose in he own world . the copter struggle to lift off . patrick ( cont ’d ) hey hey , Sam , not in the house . earbud blaring , Sam do not hear . Patrick pluck out a bud . the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 28 . patrick ( cont ’d ) Sam . SAM what ? patrick no fly in the house . what be you think , anyway , take that thing to school ? SAM where be I suppose to fly it ? we never go to the park like you say we would when we get it . patrick I know , I know , and I have be meaning to . it 's just ... thing be so crazy right now with work and the economy -- SAM whatever ... ( cranking earbud back up ) tell principal Fincher I say hi , tonight . sophie ( racing in , hug Patrick ) daddy , I love he ! thank you so much ! she spin , to reveal clumsy in a baby carrier on she back . sophie ( cont 'd ) ( racing in ) his name be clumsy and he talk and walk and swim in the potty . but he 's so hungry . why do not you feed he on the plane ? Gracie enter , as Sophie gather a lot of food . Patrick quickly hide the french book . gracie feed who on the plane ? sophie my smurf . daddy get he in Brussels and he life in a mushroom in the middle of the wood . she race out with tray of food . Gracie turn to Patrick . the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 29 . gracie wow , what a difference . my first full night of sleep since you leave . ( then ) what 's with the tie ? I think I have you to myself today . patrick yeah ... I have just get a little catch up to do from the trip . hiding she frustration , Gracie turn away to pour coffee . gracie so ... do you talk to odile about travel ? patrick ( deep breath ... ) yeah , as a matter of fact , I do . gracie and ? look into Gracie 's beautiful , hope-filled eye ... patrick and ... ( courage fail ) ...- there 's definitely go to be some change . gracie ( beat , hug he ) you ... be my hero . she kiss he on the cheek and exit . Patrick wilt , then flip through he french book and read for the baby ... patrick je suis si baisé . ( subtitle : I be so screw ) int . the winslow's backyard - morning - a little later poor tarzan be now chain up and watch forlornly as a fed ex crew maneuver a huge box . drop it , they quickly exit . upstair : Patrick pack up he computer for work . spot the box in the backyard , he brighten ... ext . backyard - same push in on the box . after a beat ... the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 brainy ( 0.s. ) I could be mistaken , but it 's my opinion , that we have come to a stop . papa ( 0.s. ) thank you , brainy , for that pierce and insightful observation . int . BOX - continuous 30 . a shaft of light from a crack in the container illuminate the weary traveller . greedy hefty Real food ... must have real Water ! my bench press for a food . drop of water . gutsy vanity I ferrst , lad . might be any a drop ? bathe I in a river , manner of monster oot dar . I smell like a moose . smurfette forgive a lady for be blunt , fella , but , if I do not find a powder room , my smurf be gonna burst . ext . winslow back yard —- second later papa peer from the crack in the container , then cautiously venture into this unknown world . one by one , he 's by tired , frighten , chocolate - cover smurf . suddenly a massive dinosaur head loom over they . 's follow the smurf scream and flee toward a rickety fence . behind they , the plastic dinosaur rock in the wind as part of a swingset . the smurf be cut off by tarzan , who bark and chase they back toward the house until he 's snap back by he slide chain . the back door fly open and Patrick lead he family out . the smurf dive under a hedge . patrick ( to Gracie , proudly ) Bet you think I forget you , eh ? smurf Pov : Patrick undoe a strap , release the of the crate , revealing ... a half - eat chocolate patrick ( cont ’d ) okay , giant chocolate castle do not travel well . sophie hmmm . look like you have rat . wooden side mess . * the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 31 . under hedge : greedy burp , wiping chocolate off he hand . SAM if I catch the plague , will that get I out of mid-term ? smurf 's Pov : as the family head back into the house , clumsy be reveal , strapped to a baby bjorn on Sophie 's back . the smurf gasp . gutsy lunge , but hefty grab he . clumsy reach out hopelessly to papa , who frantically signal to shush he . tarzan bark and pull on he chain , loosen the stake as the door slam and clumsy 's go . dissolve to : int . belvedere castle - dungeon - afternoon more haggard than ever , gargamel and azrael have work feverishly , refashion the castle into a crude laboratory . a candle churn smoky brew in a old coffee urn into vapor , which pulse through a rube Goldberg -esque rig . gargamel this be it , azrael . all my life have build to this moment . ( accidently break wind ) alright , this next moment ... the piece de la resistance , the creme de la creme ... music build as gargamel produce the tuft of papa 's beard and add the hair to the urn ... the room be engulf in sfx . gargamel ( cont ’d ) yes ! yes ! never again will they laugh at gargamel ! gargamel place a tiny , exquisite glass cordial at the funnel , capture a wee squirt of smurf - blue essence . gargamel ( cont ’d ) at last , the ultimate magic potion ... essence du smurf !. he pour a drop onto a crumpled coke can , turn it to gold . gargamel ( cont ’d ) ( in ecstacy ) oooo ! eeee ! aaaah !... shiiiney ! ( azrael lick the gold ) . stoppit , cretin ! gargamel polish the bar ... then lick it himself . the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 32 . gargamel ( cont ’d ) mmmmm ! we be go to require more smurf . int . winslow kitchen - day Sophie feed clumsy , who stare over she shoulder , distract . sophie be you okay ? be you seat buckle too tight ? clumsy no , it 's ... it 's ... papa smurf ! Sophie follow clumsy 's stare to the doggie door , where papa freeze , half in / half out , be lower by hefty and gutsy . CUT to : int . baby 's room - 2 nd floor - second later Gracie change baby reina , who cry and fuss , gnaw on a rattle . Sophie burst in , talk 100 mph . sophie mommy ! clumsy 's friend have come and the poor little smurf have have nothing but chocolate for day and they be all hop up on sugar and need a real breakfast and a lot of it , and a bath , ' cause they smell like frog poop . can they come in ? please ? I promise to take care of they ? please please ? gracie ( wrestle reina 's diaper ) sure , Sophie . clutzy 's friend can have breakfast . say hello from I . sophie thanks , Mom ! int . winslow kitchen - moment later smurf be ... everywhere . bath in the sink , shower under the spray faucet . Fire - brigade style , some empty the fridge . other beat on the toaster , raid the pantry , roast treat over stove burner and spin on bar stool . greedy emerge from a bag of cheeto ... he 's orange . the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 33 . greedy ( buuuuuurp ) smurfacalifragilous . with clumsy happily at he side , papa , on the counter , oversee the feed of he family with brainy 's '' help . '' clumsy then I wake up under Sophie 's arm and she 's keep I safe every since . papa ( bow to Sophie ) how can we ever thank you ? sophie do not need to . it 's just so nice to have someone to talk to for a change . papa clumsy , be you feel okay ? you look a little pale . clumsy check he arm . he 's a bit less blue than the other . papa ( cont 'd ) no worry . fortunately , I pack extra smurfberry . produce a pouch , he pop a berry into clumsy 's mouth . clumsy ( noticably relieved ) aaaaaaah . thanks , papa smurf . brainy ( 0.s. ) watch it , handy ! papa always say ... you be gonna poke someone 's eye out with that thiiiiiiieng ... brainy sail off a spin orange , atop a juicer as handy and other wield a large knife on the next orange . hefty help load it and gutsy jump on top and cling as it spin . sophie that 's it ! keep press down ! daring papa ( spine on orange ) ( be flow juice ) yeeeehaaaaw ! amazing ! four hungry smurf peer into a four -slice toaster . the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 34 . sophie ( cont 'd ) you might not want to stand quite so -- ding ! the smurf be knock to they butt by fly toast . papa ( mouthful of egg ) mmmmm . you be sure you mother will not mind all this , miss Sophie ? sophie mind ? she love clumsy . and just wait till she meet all of you . the room be pierce by a hysterical scream . angle on Gracie , in the doorway , hold reina and freaking out . the smurf , shocked by the sight , scream back as one , then , run panicked in every direction . sophie ( cont 'd ) it 's okay ! that 's my mom ! Mom ! you say it be okay ! Sam rush in and be stunne to see the kitchen pack with scamper , keystone cop-like , little blue critter . SAM omigod ... alien ! gracie Sophie , get back ! in one clean move , she put the baby in Sam 's arm , grab a broom , and clear a counter of little blue invader . sophie stop it ! Mom , we invite they ! wham ! Gracie sweep brainy into wall . whoosh ! gutsy be send fly onto the ceiling fan . brainy gutsy aaaaaaaaaagh ! weeeeeeeeeee ! gracie ( swatting more smurf ) get ... out ... of my ... Kitchen ! whatever you be ! sophie Mom , do not ! they be clumsy 's friend ! the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 35 . papa duck a swipe . Sophie grab Gracie 's leg . tarzan leap through he doggy door , pull he up - end stake . wham ! it catch in the door , jerk he short of gutsy . gutsy ( shadow box ) be nat all ya’ get ! brrring it on , you canine cowarrrd ! as tazan cock he head , confuse , Sam trap gutsy under a glass cake cover . he hold it down as gutsy shove back . gutsy ( muffled ) ( cont ’d ) let I oot ya ' frrreakin ' jeezer ! I will take ye wit I barrre ' and ! sophie ( cling to Gracie 's leg ) Mom , please ! you tell I to make they breakfast ! mom ( whacks vanity ) I think you be play ! smurfette ( try to revive brainy ) look what you have do to my brainy . stun , Gracie pause for a beat . Sophie grab the broom . sophie Mom ! they need we help ! they be nice ! papa ! show Mom you be nice ! Sophie and Gracie clutch the broom in a standoff . Gracie stare warily at papa . he stare warily back . then ... papa ( tentatively ) alright my little smurf ... clean up time . and make it smurfy . keeping a eye on Gracie , smurf come out of hide to clean . soon , the kitchen be a blue blur as thing be polished and put away at break - neck speed . Gracie and the kid be daze . Gracie be ease into a chair and serve tea . catch she breath , she look around in awe . stand at attention , the smurf line the kitchen like the wait - crew of a luxury liner . sophie Mom , meet papa ... and the smurf . the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 36 . papa humbly at you service , m’lady . the smurf bow . the winslow be speechless . reina grab grouchy and happily chew on he , cover he in slime . grouchy I hate be at service ... gracie nooo ! get that out -- Gracie yank grouchy from reina and hurl he into the sudsy sink , then wipe reina 's mouth . gracie ( cont 'd ) who know what kind of disease this thing -- ( off reina 's yowling ) no , reina , we do not put stranger in we mouth . crazy step forward and sooth reina with a riff of silly noise . reina giggle , delighted . Gracie 's take aback . SAM I be so upload this to YouTube . as he record crazy , Sophie grab he phone -cam . SAM sophie hey ! give it ! they be not stopit ! they need we help ! * yours ! this be first contact ! can they stay , Mom ? please ? * the world 's gotta know ! just for a little while ? Sam hold gutsy up at arm length , captivate as the little blue '' alien '' swing wildly at he . Mom gaze into row of plead smurf eye . papa ( humbly beseech ) we be a long way from home , ma’am . brainy and experience indicate , it 's a bit dangerous out there for smurf . hefty for once , I agree with brainy . papa we will be out of you hair in no time . when the Blue Moon rise , we simply search out the nearest portal and -- the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 37 . gracie I be sorry , do you say , Blue Moon ? papa yes , when the moon turn blue and rise in the evening sky -- SAM whoa , I do not know what planet you be from , but we moon do not turn blue . papa look alarmed . gracie we have a expression Blue Moon , but that 's just when it 's full twice in the same month . smurfette with just a lovely hint of blue ? SAM what part of no blue do not you guy understand ? row of solid blue smurf gaze back at he , blankly . brainy all of it ? ext . madison ave . - day - afternoon armed with the gold , gargamel and azrael push through crowd to gaze , flumox , at armani suit in the window at barneys . gargamel ludicrous ! where 's a brilliant wizard to find a simple hairy robe ? he smooth he filthy robe , then , he jaw drop ... rack focus : reflected in the window be Patrick 's company logo , on the office building across the street . gargamel turn and charge into traffic cause utter chaos . int . laurent int 'l headquarters - lobby boutique - afternoon expansive , exclusive , like lancéme 's hq , it 's niketown for you face . deep in the lobby , odile berate she minion . odile ( be a display ) dieu m'aide , I be so bored . ( more ) the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 38 . odile ( cont 'd ) the press expect Laurent to surprise at glamourcon . yet , I have see all this before . deja vu do not sell . at the entrance : gargamel spot a impeccably dress , middle - age , cosmetologist , cream - treat she crow foot in vain . gargamel you there , fancy woman . fetch I the proprietor of this bazar at once . gargamel and azrael seem homeless and feral at best . the cosmetologist beckon to a undercover security agent . security agent Sir , please step outside . gargamel struggle as he 's pull toward the door . gargamel unhand I , knave ! or you will live out you day as newt ! ( as guard tighten grip ) or perhaps another small amphibious reptile of you fancy ? in they struggle , the vial empty onto the cosmetologist . gargamel ( cont ’d ) ye , god ! my potion ! a '' youth '' effect spread over the cosmetologist . she shiver with pleasure as she face , bust , hair , and entire be , become 25 year young . gargamel be himself , surprised . cosmetologist ( look into the mirror ) stunne expletive in farsi pp. gargamel well , I hope you be happy . you be a perfectly respectable hag , yet you waste my fine blue brew turn yourself into a strumpet ! odile ( 0.s. ) sacré blu !... mother ?! gargamel turn , to find odile gaze in shock at she mother , the cosmetologist , newly restore to youth . odile ( cont 'd ) comment ?... que ?... qui ? the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 39 . odile 's mother point , wordlessly to gargamel . as odile stare at he , gargamel melt , utterly take in by the most beautiful woman he 's ever see . odile ( cont 'd ) who be you ? how do you do this ? gargamel I ... I ... well ... obviously , my potion be more amazing than even I expect . odile can you do it again ? she reach for he empty bottle . gargamel clutches it . gargamel ( be she mother ) w- why would I do that again ? odile do not play coy . woman would kill for a drop of that . gargamel woman ? shrewdly change tack , she draw closer , stroking he cheek with a perfectly manicure finger . she speak seductively ... odile of course , a man as charming as yourself be probably bored silly by the attention of beautiful woman . gargamel ( enrapture , daze ) oh. yes , it 's so ... weary ... always be the object ... of desire . odile tout de suite , everyone ! get the man a latte ! caviar ! a massage ! his any desire ! how often be we grace by the presence of such genius ? azrael meow in confusion . gargamel stomp on he tail , shutting he up , but never turn he gaze from odile 's . gargamel ( overcome ) I be sorry ... do you say ... genius ? the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 40 . odile lock eye with the strange man before she . odile unequivocal ... totalement ... genius . envelop in a whirlwind of pamper and grovel , gargamel 's eye fill with gratitude , he greatness , at last , recognize . gargamel azrael , we be go to like it here . dissolve to : int . 540 park restaurant - day odile and Van sit across from gargamel and azrael in the power - lunchroom to midtown 's elite . odile monsieur gargamel , I 'il be frank . clinique , lauder , Mac , they have kill to get what you have in that vial . gargamel ( keep a eye out ) to be expect . i’11 need some bowman and a few good knight , preferably in shine armor . odile start to laugh , but realize he 's not joke . odile done. Van . van where would I -- odile you see , monsieur gargamel , while other may promise you the world , odile Laurent deliver . a huge , almost medieval tray of meat arrive . gargamel dig into a turkey leg and azrael devour prawn . odile ( cont 'd ) of course , all we testing will be animal cruelty free . gargamel so , I pay extra for animal cruelty ? the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 4l . odile and we assume liability should you formula present any ... unforeseen side effect . gargamel speak of unforeseen , this place have not get a pot to piss in . ( to waiter ) you ! urchin ! fetch I a chamber pot . this swill you call cristal have go straight to my nether region . odile ( off waiter 's look ) get . the man . a chamberpot . gargamel thank the god ... gargamel grab a empty soup tureen from a pass tray and disappear behind a pot plant . odile smile and nod at perplex diner as if nothing be wrong . relieved , gargamel hand the pot to the waiter . gargamel ( cont ’d ) toss this out a window , will you ? odile gargamel , dahling , you can get I another sample of you incredible potion for tomorrow , mais oui ? I would like to unveil you to the world at glamourcon . they will worship you . gargamel hear that , azrael ? worshiiiip . it roll off she tongue , like flesh from a martyr . azrael gulp down a prawn than burp in agreement . eying a huge aquarium he jump in and paddle madly for a bite . the staff rush to pull he out , but odile wave they off . odile Le poisson ... add it to the bill . ( then , to gargamel ) so , we have a deal , my liege ? gargamel you liege ? oh yes , yes ! i’1l gladly provide you more potion . there 's just one thing ... the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 42 . gargamel produce the crumpled shipping label and begin smoothing it on the table . gargamel ( cont ’d ) you see , there be this box , and something most dear to I be -- odile ( glance at the label ) ah , that 's shipping and receive . Van will take you , tout de suit ! gargamel no , you be too sweet . odile Van , make sure you get he number . gargamel my what ? odile you cellular ? ( off he blank look ) you do have a phone , do not you ? of course you do not , you do not even have a comb . Van . Van reluctantly hand over he phone . odile ( cont 'd ) until tomorrow , mon cher . rising to leave , she hold out she hand . garamel sniff it tentatively , then lick it like a obedient dog . she smile . odile ( cont 'd ) yes , I think this be go to work out just fine . int . winslow home - study - day Sophie help papa and brainy pour through the library , while Gracie search online and keep a eye on reina , who bounce happily in she springy chair as crazy entertain she with funny noise : cricket , washing machine , a elephant , etc . gracie see , this be a blue moon in we world . it 's really just a say . brainy and papa peer at photo of a full moon over New York . the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 43 . brainy that 's not even blue if you squint ! smurf murmur worriedly as papa 's nervously pace . papa alright , nobody panic . there must be a way to summon a Blue Moon . hmmm .. i’1ll need to study you star . sophie sammy 's get a telescope dad bring back from a trip . SAM ( off papa 's hopeful look ) Fine . but I be come with in case you try and summon you mothership for a attack . smurfette mothership ? ( to the winslow girl ) what a delightfully feminine culture . she proudly smooth she dress on she curve as the smurf all sigh with desire and papa roll he eye . int . laurent int 'l - corporate office - NY - lobby gargamel and azrael sit in reception . gargamel try to snap a picture of azrael with the Van 's phone . instead , he blind himself with the flash . a shipping clerk cross to they . shipping guy nothing from Belgium . sure it come to this address ? ding ! gargamel and azrael be astound as a elevator open and people appear . more amazing , Patrick be among they . they eagerly sneak after he to the street . ext . monthly car park - moment later Patrick emerge in he smart car . gargamel spot a empty horse and carriage wait on its dining tourist . the driver stand nearby , read ... ext . GEORGE WASHINGTON bridge / int . car - afternoon Patrick crawl along in slow traffic . unnotice in he rearview mirror , gargamel and azrael 's gain on he in the carriage . gargamel whip a guy in a convertible porsche . the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 44 , gargamel move aside , peasant ! how dare you obstruct my path to greatness ! impatient , gargamel side -swipe the porsche , Ben - hur style , leave the angry driver in he wake . dissolve to : ext . englewood - NJ - evening Patrick slow to turn into a quiet neighborhood . gargamel 's horse clomp into view behind he stop . gargamel no ! do not stop ! we be so close ! I can feeeeel it ! the horse keel over , into a snoring slumber , flipping the carriage and eject gargamel . gargamel ( cont ’d ) infidel quitter ! four-legge juda ! he begin to cry inconsolably , azrael cry with he . dissolve to : int . winslow home - evening Sophie stare out the window . suddenly ... sophie place everyone ! outside : Patrick 's car pull into the driveway . ext . winslow home - front porch - same Patrick check the mail , pleasantly surprised that the mailbox top do not come off in he hand . he start to give the door a shove , but , to he surprise , it swing open with no effort . it 's not stick any more . patrick honey , I fix the door ! int . winslow home - continuous Patrick hang he coat , surprised to find the rack work . the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 45 . patrick ..- and the coat rack . ( notice ) and paint the hall ? the house look amazing . int . dine room - late afternoon the family stand around Patrick , who sit at the table , stare dumbfounded at clumsy . clumsy look to Sophie , anxious to understand Patrick 's expression . gracie more wine ? clumsy slide Patrick 's glass toward Gracie , who refill it as clumsy try a deep bow , but clumsily tip over instead . clumsy oops . guess I be still a bit stiff from you use I as a neck pillow . patrick ( helplessly ) riiiight .... who would not be ? gracie they be pretty amazing , huh ? patrick ( beat ) they ? SAM well ... a few more come over in you chocolate disaster . Patrick look to Gracie . gracie right ... um , okay ... papa smurf ? from behind the flower , out step papa . he bow . papa at you service , master winslow . Patrick take a gulp of wine . sophie and there 's smurfette ... smurfette appear from behind a pitcher and curtsey . the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 46 . smurfette swell place you get she , Mr. W. make a lady feel right at home . instinctively , she innocently flirt with bat eye , startling Patrick , even more . sophie she 's the only girl . patrick good . sophie then , there 's hefty and greedy and vanity and crazy and Romeo and brainy -- he think he 's the smartest , but I be not so sure . as Sophie speak , the smurf appear from behind picture frame , pot plant and tea pot . Patrick be flabbergasted . SAM ( pick up brainy ) they claim to come in peace , but I be watch ‘em . feel they skin . brainy I demand that you cease at once -- ( giggle at a belly rub ) okay , wait , do that again . sophie and this be handy . he 's the one who fix the house . a plate crash 0.s. in the kitchen . handy I can fix that . patrick ( be kitchen ) do I even want to know ? gracie the rest be make dinner . Sophie , open the kitchen door , revealing more smurf work with chaotic precision at cook 's direction . in a flurry of choreograph madness , the smurf set the table and lay out a amazing feast . suddenly , Patrick be surround by bibbe and ready - for-dinner smurf . the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 47 . various smurf even , Mr. winslow . welcome home . Lovely place you have get here . etc. cook Supper ... be serve . papa cook , you be a wonder ! sophie SAM can they stay ? please ? just do you realize how cool this till papa find they a way be ? we very own alien ? we home ? they be not safe on can not just bail on ‘em ! Mom they own . it 's okay with Mom say it 's okay with she if if it 's okay with you . it 's okay with you ! patrick you do not say that ? it 's crazy ! smurfette no , that 's crazy . she point to crazy , entertaining reina with he noise . gracie she have not cry all day . they be surprisingly helpful ... and very well mannered . patrick well mannered ? we do not even know what they be ! brainy well , technically , sir , smurf be -- patrick I be not talk to you ! gracie they just need a place to stay for a little while . patrick you want they to stay ? gracie only until papa can ... '' smurf '' a blue moon . '' ( off Patrick 's stare ) can we talk about it on the way to Sam 's conference ? the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 48 . patrick we can not leave the kid in the house with this ... this ... sophie dad , they have never hurt anyone . I promise . see ?... she point to the baby , now gleefully wreak havoc on several smurf in she orbit . Patrick be not comfort . gracie ( lead Patrick ) we be go to be late . patrick Fine ... but this be not over . he grab a zucchini stick on he way out . Sam take a plate of food and start out in the opposite direction . papa so ... we will not be dining together ? SAM never do . dissolve to : int . game room - same Sophie bring milk and cookie into the midst of playful chaos as the smurf explore the game room . on a AIR hockey table , smurf whiz along , use puck / paddle as hover board , collide madly with each other . smurfette giggle as she dress billow up like Marilyn Monroe 's . on the fooseball table , smurf romp amidst the wooden player cause they to spin wildly and kick the ball . hefty make a dive as goalie , only to be knock in by the ball . crazy ( crowd noise , then ) goal ! goal ! goooooccaaaaal ! gutsy fiddle with a remote control . Sam 's rc helicopter take off . astonish , gutzy grab a skid . gutsy grrreat Scot , I be flyiiiiiiieng ! sophie no , gutsy . sammy will not like that ! the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 49 . too late . the copter slam gutsy into the wall . he slide slowly down . gutsy I be like a great blue birrrd ... look to reign in the madness , Sophie flip on the tv . sophie here . you guy will like this ... Sophie select guitar hero . as the music start and colored dot whiz by , the smurf regard the instrument with awe . ext . winslow cul -de - sac - moment later a gardening enthusiast , with a leaf blower / vac , stare as the strange man approach , sniffing the air like a hounddog . gargamel come out , come out , little smurf . I promise not to hurt you ... very much . realizing he 's be watch , gargamel snarl at the man . unnerve , the man resume sucking debris from he yard . int . winslow family room - same brainy strike a chord on guitar hero . brainy like this ? Sam enter and crank the volume . SAM no ... more like this . sophie dad 's not gonna like you play he sound system so loud ! SAM dad 's not here , be he ? he hit a chord that literally threaten to shatter the window . brainy hold onto he ear . the other love it . gutsy that 's more like it , lad ! the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 50 . ext . winslow cul -de - sac - same the sound of rock music draw gargagmel 's eye up to a window , now silhouett with rockin’ smurf . he smile and cast a look at the man with the leaf vacuum . ext . winslow 's roof - evening - same papa study the star with Sam 's telescope , concerned by they position . recheck he calculation , he grow more concerned , not notice as the scope drift down to ... close on : gargamel 's face as he stuff the neighbor into a trashcan , whack he with the nozzle of the leaf vac . back to the scope , papa gasp , then charge the window , but bounce off . it 's jamme . he eye ... the chimney . int . live room - same a loud knock at the door . Sophie enter with clumsy and handy . leave the security chain on , she crack the door . sophie who be it ? papa bounce out of the fireplace in a poof of ash . papa do not open that -- bam ! the door be kick open . Sophie , papa and smurf go in all direction as gargamel and azrael step in . gargamel heeeeere 's gargy ! rrrrrrrrrrrrr ! he revs the leaf vac and suck up vanity . gargamel ( cont ’d ) deeeeeeeeeeelicious ! ( laugh , then to azrael ) make it so , number one ! azrael growls with delight and charge upstairs . gargamel vacuum up clumsy as Sophie sit up . sophie clumsy ! the guitar hero music stop 0o.s. as smurf flee from azrael . crazy erupt in a series of alarm noise . the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 51 . smurf azrael ! help ! smurf for you life ! papaaaaaaaaa ! gargamel start vacuume they up , cackling with glee . Sam appear at the banister , hurl pool ball . gargamel excitedly bat they away with the nozzle . SAM Sophie ! call 911 ! papa ( ponder the vac , then ) hefty , brainy , smurfette -- see if you can lure azrael under that desk ! brainy ( cowardly ) actually , papa smurf , do not you need my leadership skill here with -- oof ! suddenly , brainy 's shove under the antigue desk and into a cast- iron ornamental vent cover by hefty and smurfette . brainy ( cont 'd ) why do I have to be the bait ? smurfette what , you think that 's a job for a girl ? she give he a final push into the vent . suddenly ... hefty yell and get sucked up by the vac . in the hall : Sophie hold the cordless phone in one hand and scoops flee smurf into she doll stroller with the other . sophie ( into cordless phone ) it 's not a prank , officer ! a evil sorcerer - er !... vacuume we smurf ! the phone click dead . she hurl it at gargamel and dash away , scoop more smurf to saftey . smurfette poke out from under the desk and spot azrael . smurfette ( fake distress damsel ) oh dear ! help ! anybody ! brainy 's trap and he can not get out ! azrael grin and come run as smurfette slip away . the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 52 . brainy aaaaaaaaaaaagh ! as azrael paw insanely for brainy , safe behind the vent , papa race into the hall and blow gargamel a raspberry . papa hey ! smurf-hole ! gargamel give chase . papa dive under the desk . gargamel come to papa ... papa ! gargamel shove the vac tube under the desk . meoow ! the vac stick on azrael 's butt , sucking he in . the motor strain . gargamel withdraw the tube to find azrael 's tail protrude . gargamel ( cont ’d ) azrael , no! speak to I ! speak to I sweetkin ! as gargamel smack the tube about , Sam , gutsy and handy hurl everything they have get at he from the bannister . SAM get ... out ... of my house ! gusty we ' gotta 's shut tha’ thing doon ! he grab a terrify handy and leap ... gutsy handy Long live the smurf ! ahhhhhhhhh ! they land on gargamel 's back as he flail around try to free azrael . gutsy yank he hair , while handy study the blower . plugge by azrael , it wail with increasing pitch . handy spot a switch ... reverse . click ! the pressure begin to build . oblivious , gargamel , continue whack the tube while try to get gutsy off he head . handy she 's gonna blow ! handy and gutsy jump clear as gargamel bang the vac one last time to free azrael ... whoosh ! azrael shoot out as if froma canon . meeooowl ! he careen off a lamp , slam into a wall and slide into a heap . gargamel be simultaneously blow back as smurf shoot from the vac like from a automatic T-shirt gun . the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 53. smurf land everywhere as gargamel sail , bellowing , out the door . Sophie slam it shut . ext . winslow cul -de - sac - same gargamel lay on he back , out cold . the winslow door open and azrael be booted into a heap beside he master as the door slam close again . as azrael lick gargamel 's face ... ring . Van 's phone . puzzle gargamel , open it , and be startle by odile 's voice . odile ( 0.s. - on phone ) gargamel , dahling . just check in . how 's it come ? the sound of she bring he to life . he stare coldly at the house as the smurf and child shut window , pull shade , etc . all in a vain attempt to keep he out . gargamel fear not , m’lady . i’11l have the ingredient for you potion any minute , now . odile ( on phone ) fabuleux ! I '11 send a car for you at two , tomorrow . mon chéri , when you take the glamourcon stage and the spotlight come on , you will be a star . suddenly the spotlight do come on and gargamel be fill with anticipation as ... police car surround he . police officer ( 0.s. loudspeaker ) Police ! get you hand on you head ! gardening enthusiast ( charge in with police ) that 's he ! he 's the one who attack I ! gargamel you again ! on you knee ! ( fire up blower ) all of you ! on you knee or feel the wrath of the great and powerful -- zapppp ! a police taser take he down . int . winslow game room - moment later the kid and smurf watch out the window , cheering as the police drive off with gargamel . the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 54 . smurfette romeo thank smurf ! that 's what I be sayin’ . crazy crank up guitar hero and launch into a victory song as the other smurf begin a wild dance . then , the music stop . the smurf all turn to a careworn papa . papa ( hold he star note ) quiet , everyone ! please ! I be afraid thing be not quite as smurfy as they seem . the smurf nervously gather around papa . papa ( cont 'd ) unfortunately , my little smurf ... I be afraid without my book or laboratory , get home will be a smurf harder than I think . brainy you mean ... we can not get home ? papa no no , of course we will get home ... I just , um , ah , well ... greedy what about smurfberry ? we eat most of ‘em in the chocolate box . a murmer of panick ripple through the group . papa calm down , my little smurf . first thing first , we still have a few smurfberry . papa pull a pouch from he pocket . various smurf but that 's 1ll never last ! there 's too many of we ! I feel weak already ! I I want to go home ! clumsy oh , boy , this be all my fault . papa now , now , clumsy . no need for blame . the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 55 . the other try not to glare too hard at clumsy , but clearly they be not happy with he . Sophie pick he up into a hug . papa ( cont 'd ) if we can just find a ancient collection of alchemy book , I should be able to smurf we a way home . sophie you mean , magic book ? SAM maybe something like ... this ? as Sam quickly type at the viao , the smurf gather around , amaze by a list of ads for magic book . papa amazing . what be this find machine ? SAM it 's call Google . smurf oooo00h . gooooooogle . papa ( be book title ) there ! that should work ! SAM ah , '' one copy ... master Li 's antique Magic pagoda , Chinatown . papa that 's it then . first thing in the morning , I will ask you father to lead a search party to '' chinese '' town . SAM we dad ? you be smurfin’ with we , right ? he do not have time to tie he own shoe . sophie he 's under so much pressure you could use he as a inner tube on a bicycle . papa that may be , but we father have a way of speak to one another . I be sure when I explain we situation , he 'il understand . the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 56 . sophie oookay . good good luck with that . SAM yeah . now , let 's get this place clean up . ' Cause what he will not understand , be you get we house attack by ye olde homicidal wizard . beat . the smurf swarm the house , desperately clean . ext . winslow house - later that night Patrick and Gracie pull into the drive . int hall / sophie 's room - night - moment later Patrick & Gracie peer in to find Sophie , reina and clumsy fast asleep , cuddle with several smurf in bed . dozen more snore peacefully , cuddle in shoe - box bed all over the room . int . sam' room —- night - moment later Patrick & Gracie peer in to see Sam sleep amidst the clutter of he room . gutsy snore in the helicopter . patrick I do not see why we need that meeting . he 's a really good kid . gracie he 's a great kid . he 's just get a lot of energy and need he father to help direct it . off Patrick 's look , she lovingly caress he cheek . int . winslow dine room - night - a little later Patrick listen to french lesson on he laptop , while review the Paris file odile give he . intercut with : int . winslow master bedroom - night - same in bed , Gracie soothes baby reina in the bassinet with one hand , while , browsing discount school clothes on the internet . she type a IM : go to bed now . Love you . downstair : patric reply : love _u 2. nite . disappointed , Gracie , close she lap top and curl up in they huge bed , alone . the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 57 . int . jail - NY - night paper be stamp with a bang . a filthy , long - nail thumb be imprint . in a flash , gargamel 's dour mug shot appear . meow ! a cage azrael wail as he and gargamel 's bag be check into the property room . a cell door slam and gargamel be leave to rot . he shake the bar ... gargamel you can not do this ! I ’ma genius ! I have to get ready for glamourcon ! they be go to worship I ! worship ! int . winslow dine room / kitchen - later that night Patrick finally close he computer and enter the kitchen to put on tea . there , smurf cuddle in oven mitt and pot - holder . cook snore , cling to a ladle . Patrick open a cupboard and lazy tumble out . Patrick catch he and nestle he in a bowl . open a drawer for a spoon , Patrick find crazy , beat boxing in he sleep . as Patrick gently close the drawer , silencing the sound . hushed voice catch he attention . smurfette ( 0.s. ) I know it 's silly papa smurf , but when I close my eye , all I see be gargamel . as if he 's call to I . Patrick peer into the breakfast nook . on a seat cushion , papa tuck in smurfette . brainy lie awake , nearby . papa there , there , my little smurfette . his power over you fade long ago . brainy ( shudder with fear ) might we change the subject ? this cushion , for instance . quite lumpy . I miss my mushroom . vanity chime in from a barbie couch in a nearby dollhouse . his eye now cover with a doll - size sleep mask . vanity I never sleep outside we village . I be go to wake with worry line . papa shhh , now , now , my little smurf ... ( softly singing ) ( more ) the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 58. papa ( cont 'd ) smurf-a-by , close you eye , go to sleep my little blue bird ... with song # 3 , papa lullaby the last of he waking smurf to sleep , wishing they safely home . during the song we cut to : prison : gargamel twist a verse , luring a moth to he cell . he whisper to it , a la gandalf , and send it for '' help . '' back to winslow 's kitchen ... by song 's end , Patrick be humble by papa 's tenderness with so many smurf . patrick ( whisper ) that 's quite a operation you have get go there . papa oh , hi , uh ... yes , I suppose it be . patrick you do not do that every night ? Patrick pour papa some tea in a shot glass . papa well , bedtime 's always trickier away from home . patrick wow . I have only get three mouth to feed and I be up to my neck . papa well , it help not to think of they as mouth to feed , but as hand that can help . ( off Patrick 's look ) smurf be tell ... I be a little over my head myself . in fact , might I be so bold as to seek a small favour of you , master winslow ? one papa to another ? patrick ( wary ) uh ... like what ? papa ah. well , there 's a book of magic spell in you chinese town I need to conjure a blue moon to smurf we home . the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 59 . patrick riiight . who have not need that ? papa exactly . so if you could arrange passage for we in the morning -- patrick oh , wow . Mr. smurf , I have love to help with you magical quest , but truth be , I be stretch so thin right now , I just can not take on even one more little thing ... or a hundred . papa ( crestfallen ) oh , I see . patrick I mean , Gracie want I home more , the kid need attention , the bill be pile up and now I be suppose to be in Paris twice a month . papa ( mask disappointment ) right , right ... of course . patrick yeah . and the worse thing ? Gracie do not even know about Paris yet ... I do not know how to tell she . it 's gonna break she heart . papa graciously set he own worry aside with a sigh ... papa well ... there 's no use keep secret , my friend . you will just wind up alone . patrick so ... you think I should just come out and tell she ? papa I often find with my little smurf , the truth , gently coat with tender care , be easier to hear . do something meaningful for she . then share ... then duck . the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 60 . patrick ( smile ) something meaningful , huh ? hmmm ... maybe there 's hope for I yet . thanks . papa ( smile ) sometimes even a papa need a papa . Patrick pause in the doorway , strike by some deeper think . patrick right , well ... goodnight . papa oh , and master winslow ... you might also take she hand , look she in the eye and say , I smurf you . do the heart good . patrick ( beat , amused ) I ' 1l keep it in mind . Patrick exit . papa sigh , then gaze from the moon , back to he sleep smurf , he quietly reprise the lullabye ... papa worry no worry . fret no fret . soon , I will dream you home ... ( then , sadly ) if only I know how . dissolve to : int . winslow breakfast room - am Sophie and Sam actually sit at breakfast as Patrick do he best to serve french toast . he pull Sam 's earphone out . patrick not this morning . SAM who be you try to impress ? we be go to be late for school . sophie I be full dad . I gotta get my book . patrick just wait for you mom , would ya ? I have something important to tell she . the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 61 . gracie ( 0.s . ) Sam ! Sophie ! C ’mon , we be gonna be -- ( enter , surprised by kid ) late ? patrick ( hand she tea , proudly ) four winslow at the table . we be spend time together . reveal reina under the table , happily chew on grouchy . grouchy I hate spend time together . gracie wow . I could get use to this . ( as Patrick beam ) french toast ? what be it with you and french lately ? patrick what ? no . it 's just -- that 's all I know how to make . suddenly , Sam 's helicopter whirl through the kitchen , follow by gutsy , chase it with the remote control . SAM hey ! gracie ( casually duck copter ) C ’mon on guy , we have gotta 's go . patrick ( alarmed ) wait , you be go in early ? gracie reina 's get she shot so she can start preschool . then we have get mommy and I and we be go to Carol 's for a playdate . why ? patrick nothing . it 's just ... I want to spend some time with you so we could talk because ... you know ... ( look for word ) I smurf you ? the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 62 . gracie I have no idea what that mean ... ( whisper in he ear ) but , I totally smurf you too . patrick ( whisper back ) then , how about dinner , tonight ? gracie ( dubious ) I think we be try to save money . patrick we could order in ? gracie ( a gleam in she eye ) or ... I could drop the kid at my sister 's after school and someone could make we a nice romantic meal ... like he use to ... when we be young ? patrick ( anxiety building ) uhh. okay . sure . that 's ... great . gracie ( a playful kiss ) you should come home from Europe more often ... kid , let 's move it ! as he family pile out , Patrick watch they go , unnerve . patrick I do not have time to make dinner . I do not even remember how to make dinner . Patrick look down to see cook , smurfette and the other look up at he . without word a idea be hatched . ext . winslow house / int . gracie 's car - day Gracie load baby bag into the trunk . Sophie climb in back with she toy baby buggy and bulg backpack , from which papa , hefty , gutsy , and clumsy peer from half - open zipper . SAM what be you do ? Sophie struggle to keep the smurf in she pack . like whack -a- mole , one 's head go in , another 's arm , leg or butt pop out . the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 63 . sophie I be take they to get papa 's magic book , so they can get home . SAM no way ! you can not be run around New York alone . you be too little . sophie I be big to they . SAM then , I be come too . wait for I at the subway . sophie no , you be not ! SAM Mom ! sophie okay , okay ! shhhh ! the front door slam as Gracie get in . Sam and Sophie fake smile at Gracie as back they out of the drive . dissolve to : ext . school - manhattan - am Sophie wave innocently as Gracie & Sam drive off . Sam give she a warning finger : '' do not you leave without I ! '' Sophie stick out a resentful tongue as tiny , wide - OPEN eye peer from she backpack pouch . int . grocery store - day - a little later Patrick cruise down the aisle as item fly off shelf on both side , fill the cart . we catch only a glimpse of the tiny blue '' shopper '' work the shelf . ext . jail - exercise yard - early morning gang banger do pull -up , etc . gargamel , hold azrael and he bag , watch the sky . he turn to see bubba , a huge con with a phonebook - size sudoku book , tower over he . gargamel do you mind ? I have summon the giant eagle to fetch I out of here and you be block my view . the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 64 . bubba ( be he sudoku ) doh . this box could be a six or two or this box could be a six or two . gargamel look , you fat - neck circus freak , I be expect at glamourcon . I be Lady Laurent 's star presenter . bubba Excuse I while I rip you leg off . bubba growls and crack he knuckle . just then , the moth return lead ... a epic swarm of fly . gargamel no no ! I say , eagle not fly . gargamel be blacken entirely by fly and lift slowly off the ground , hold azrael and he bag . gargamel ( cont ’d ) ( spitting out fly ) oh , very well ... up ! up , you inglorious devil ! labor under gargamel 's weight , the fly smash he into the top of a chin - up bar 's upright pole , groin-first . gargamel ( cont ’d ) ( pain falcetto ) owwwwww ! I be come , m’lady ! he wail in pain as the fly drag he , ass -first , through the barb - wire fence top and away . int . chinese bookstore - day Ray of sun pierce the dusty dimness as the door creak open . SAM hello ? Sophie and Sam wander through silk kite , jar of dry herb and a life-like display of a old chinese man in Ray - ban , sit for ceremonial tea . SAM ( cont 'd ) ( unzipping the smurf ) alright , find you book ... but I be watch you . papa and the other scramble from the backpack . the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 65 . papa thank you , Sam . smurf out , everyone . suddenly , the chinese man '' mannequin '' grab Sam 's arm . chinese man ahhh , little blue folk , you bring . the kid freeze . chinese man ( cont 'd ) no worry . Stranger thing I have see . what be it you seek ? papa ( 0.s . ) Heaven 's to smurfatroid ! it 's here ! the old man shuffles to join the other at the back of the store , where papa hold a book among stack of ancient text . chinese man ah , many have seek to the secret of this volume . but none could pay the price . read it , you can ? close on book : a dusty original , '' what do smurf do all Day ? '' a familiar symbol glitter beneath the title ... peyo . papa turn the book over and struggle to read ... backward . papa E smurfineus rei magnificum flibertygibbet ahnk ... the book begin to glow as various spell , illustrate by engravings , come to life . smurf ooooh . papa let 's see ... lighten strike , tornado , hail ... ah , here we be ... moon. blood Red , eclipse ... Blue . angle on the holographic '' pop up book . '' a blue moon crest over fog as a shimmer portal , like at the forbidden grotto , rise up from a misty pond . the smurf be awed . papa ( cont 'd ) what be the cost of this book ? chinese man for you ? one day only ... twenty thousand . Cash . the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 66 . papa gulp . the smurf gulp . Sophie look to Sam . SAM I have get eleven dollar . papa might we please just copy this spell ? chinese man ( annoyed ) Fine ... that would be . as he thrust out a hand for Sam 's cash , papa hurriedly scribbles from the book . papa in the full moon 's glow , stir in slowly , the feather of a bird that do not fly . finely ground powder of a unicorn 's horn ... Hair of a ... as Sam and Sophie share a worried look we ... CUT to : ext . central park - turtle pond - day gargamel drop from the sky . azrael splashes down beside he . pluck off a few snapping turtle , they charge back into belvedere . int . kitchen / dine room - day - a little later cook work up a smurfy mess in the kitchen as Romeo direct tailor and a few other in a pandemonium of preparation . Patrick taste a simple familiar treat of he own ... patrick huh ... I may survive this yet . Gracie 's go to love this . smurfette ( taste ) smurflicious ! what do you call it ? patrick s'more . I make this on a hot plate when we be in college . smurfette ( giggle ) s’more please ! Patrick 's phone ring . Patrick answer without think ? the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 67 . patrick hello ? intercut with : int . the gansevoort - HOTEL - same Van hustle through the uber-trendy lobby , talk on a outdated rent - a- phone . glamour con will soon be in full swing . van you take a personal day ? during glamourcon ? have you lose you mind ? patrick well , we get two a year and -- van Patrick , odile 's unveil a new discovery today and she need you in the office on pr , stat . the line go dead . Patrick slump . smurfette Mr. winslow , be you okay ? patrick all she want be a simple romantic dinner . I '’11 be lucky if I be back in time to make fruit loops ... je suis mort quand je lui dis de Paris . ( subtitle : I be dead when I tell she of Paris . ) where 's papa ? the smurf nervous look only add to Patrick alarm . wipe to : int . central park zoo - penguin exhibit - day Sophie , clumsy and Sam gape , slack - jaw , into the tank . SAM they could not pick the feather of a bird that can not fly or fight ? in the tank : gutsy , hefty and papa be in a keystone cop -like brawl with a huddle of angry , wing -slapping , penguin . gutsy it 's one featherrr ! git ooover it ! the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 68 . sophie ( cover she / clumsy 's eye ) we should not be expose to such violence . gutsy flee with a feather and the now tatter , soggy , list . int . belvadere castle - day gargamel kick the holy crap out of he lab gear , desperately try to squeeze from it some last residue of potion . gargamel c’mon , blast you ! I know there 's a drop in there somewhere ! he pound the table so hard that azrael be bounce up into the rafter where he cling upsidedow , wailing . int . museum of natural history - day Sophie and Sam keep watch as gutsy and hefty file the horn from the skeleton of a prehistoric rhino . sophie he do not look like a unicorn . papa well , technically , any one-horn beast in a storm . the head crash to the floor . hefty pop out from behind it . hefty uh ... I could put that back on . the kid toss the smurf into Sophie 's buggy and flee . wipe to : int . gold be gym - day the kid get odd look as Sophie push she stroller nonchalantly through a forest of hulk body builder . sophie ( squinting at fade list ) '' Hair of a giant . '' this guy count ? papa ( peer from stroller ) oh , they count all right . the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 69 . suddenly patrick ewing be tower over they . the kid and smurf watch , amaze , as he cross to a bench press . instantly , hefty and gutsy slink down from the stroller and stealthily head for Mr. ewing with a small scissor . over dumbbell , through slamm machinery , they get to the bench . strain under the weight , Mr. ewing 's eye go wide as , snip . slam to : ext . gold gym - second later Sophie and Sam sprint away with the smurf-buggy . Patrick ewing lean from the door , miss a swath of hair . patrick ewing next time just ask for a autograph ! Sophie and Sam race across the street . as they do , a car screech to a stop , inch from they . it 's ... dad . dissolve to : ext . lonely alley - day the kid and smurf sit anxiously as Patrick deal with papa . patrick I do not believe this . I trust you . '' one papa to another ? '' then you run off with my kid ? sophie dad , we be okay ! patrick that 's not the point . ( to papa ) if you need a book so badly , why do not you just say so ? papa master winslow , I try , but -- patrick oh , I see , the truth 's not so easy when it 's on the other foot , eh ? papa I be smurfly sorry , master winslow . I be just so smurf about get my little smurf home , I guess I just let fear get the smurf of I . the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 70 . patrick stop it ! you can not just say smurf to mean whatever you want . gutsy he smurrf a good point , pappy . I '’11 smurrrf he that . patrick no ! that 's what I mean . smurfity - smurf , smurf smurf ! the mortify smurf cover they ear in shock . papa Mr. winslow . the child . patrick get in the car . all of you . ( to kid ) I be drop you at aunt gail 's ... ( to smurf ) and you , back to the house for the rest of you little blue horde , then I want you all back to mushroom town or wherever it be you come from . Patrick hold the car door open . papa do not budge . papa you have every right to be angry , but we can not go home until we finish collect we ingredient , then recopy we spell at master Li 's . gutsy ( be soggy / tear note ) ' ad a little roon - in wit a black and 's white demon , we do . sammy they 'il never make it back to we house on that stubby little leg . and they have get to work the spell before the full moon set . patrick what be you all talk about ?! sophie can not you pick they up after work ? they be a family . he 's they papa. ( from experience ) ( more ) the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 71 . sophie ( cont 'd ) do not you know how hard it be when you papa 's not there and you need he ? Patrick gaze helplessly into the plead eye of he kid ... patrick Fine . i'11 pick they up at the bookstore after work . Patrick 's unsure whether to be annoyed or touch as Sophie hug clumsy , then reluctantly get in the car . it 's a painful goodbye as the car pull away , leave the smurf behind . int . belvedere castle - day have all but destroy he lab , gargamel desperately stare with a candle into he last piece of tub . gargamel blast it ! I command you , come out ! suddenly great bolt of blue energy shoot from the tub , blow a hole through the back wall . gargamel stare at the tube , amaze , then lovingly coax a few last drop of residue into he vial . he smile at a amaze azrael ... gargamel ( cont ’d ) you do not suppose that will come in handy , do you ? they toss back they head in a hearty pirate laugh . int . winslow house - entry hall - late afternoon smurf spread rise petal as Romeo peer out the window . brainy here she come ! station everyone ! smurf scramble to they place as if staffing a resort . smurfette I sure hope this be what Mr. winslow have in mind . romeo trust I . she will love it . vanity how do you know ? romeo why do you think they call I Romeo ? the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 72 . brainy actually ... none of we really know . as Romeo ponder this truth , Gracie enter and be amaze . gracie 's Pov : the house have be transformed -- candle give the perfect lighting , rise petal drop from above . gracie wow ... Patrick ? honey ? int . kitchen - same Gracie enter to find , not Patrick , but cook and he team . gracie where 's Patrick ? cook ( bad at lie ) uh ... hide ? unfortunately , all the smurf be bad at lie ... brainy yes ! exactly . you can come out now , Mr. winslow . ( to Gracie ) surprise ! smurf yes ! yes ! surpriiiiiise ! smurfette ( after a long silence ) um , actually he just step out for a minute to um ... pick you flower . smurf yes ! that 's it ! Flowers ! beautiful , smurfy , romantic flower ! Gracie stare they all down . cook ( lamely ) he make all this . I be just stir . smurfette ( break down ) aw , it 's no good ! I be sorry , Mrs. winslow . he have to go to work and we just could not bear to see you sad . the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 73 . Gracie 's eye water up . romeo but he insist the lady enjoy a smurfy merlot while she wait . Romeo hold a glass . Gracie grab the bottle and exit , leave the smurf miserable . cook that go well , eh ? int . the gansevoort - HOTEL —- late afternoon - same glitterati mingle to house music mix . a fanfare and spotlight bring we to odile , stride down a runway . odile lady and gentleman , and now the moment you have all be wait for ... Laurent International present ... monsieur gargamel . a curtain swooshes open . gargamel and azrael blink into the spotlight as two stunning model slip a new armani hair robe onto each of they , like a rock star . odile take gargamel 's hand and the three of they stride the runway to the music . pause at woman volunteer ( 50' ) , they pull she up to the runway . gargamel theatrically open he vial and pour a drop of potion onto she head . in shimmer of magic , the woman transform into a gorgeous , 25 year - old version of herself . her image fill the big screen . odile ( cont 'd ) me amis ! the rasputin of the beauty révolution !... the the crowd go insane . as much as gargamel be mock in the open ... now , he be adore . gargamel ( to azrael ) ha! tony robbin - Hood can kiss my big hairy azrael ! eh , kitty ? ha ! as they laugh , azrael and gargamel be sweep onto the dance floor and launch into a manic , medieval romp . the crowd join in for ... a slumdog , jai ho - like dance extravaganza . the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 74 . ext . new york street - evening a few tourist stroll the sidewalk , oblivious to the over - turn dog food box , paper bag , and jumbo take - out carton stumbling along , power by little blue foot . a rottweiler on a leash , bark , startling the smurf . they tumble down the stair of a lower level apartment . in the stairwell : papa , gutsy , hefty and clumsy shake off they disguise . papa wrestle with the unwieldy map . hefty be we almost there ? I be starve . gutsy yurrr noot the only one weak in the knee . he indicate clumsy , who begin to cough . he 's very pale . papa clumsy , be you alright ? clumsy ( clearly not ) I 'b fime . let 's kleep smurfin 's . papa maybe we should have we smurfberry ration . it 's be too long . the smurf reach into papa 's pouch and savor they portion . clumsy ( overstate ) mmmm , burfsmerry ... buch metter . papa ( be the pouch ) that 's odd . there 's extra . in they hunger , hefty and gutsy gobble the last few . papa ( cont 'd ) either I pack too many ... or someone 's not take they ration . ( off they blink eye ) show I you hand . the smurf open they hand . each be stain with berry juice ... except clumsy . the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 75 . papa ( cont 'd ) ( stunne ) oh , clumsy ... you have not be take you smurfberry , have you ? ashame , frighten , clumsy shake he head , '' no . '' papa ( cont 'd ) no wonder you be so pale ! clumsy I be sorry , papa . this whole thing 's my fault , so I just have to be sure you would all make it home . hefty ( eye water up ) so ... you have be give we you share ? papa alright , there 's no time to lose . we have to get that spell and get clumsy home to we village tonight or he 's smurfed . ( be empty berry pouch ) and the rest of we be not far behind ... dissolve to : int . winslow house - media room - evening Gracie , channel surf in search of ... anything . her phone buzy . it 's Patrick . she hit ignore and toss it onto a side table , knock over a old diet Coke . annoy , Gracie get up to blot the spill , but as she do , uncover the paris file . the airline ticket sleeve be unmistakable ... as be she look of broken-hearted betrayal . int . glamourcon - the gansevoort - HOTEL - evening Champagne flow . gargamel hold court with a bevy of stun model . all be fit with custom armani hair robe . model # 1 model # 2 oh , do I next ! I want some ! please , gargie ! I too ! gargamel now , lady , let 's not beg . on second think , do beg . the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 76 . gargamel bask in the crowd 's approval , near tear . he 's popular , he 's beloved , he 's a god . odile pull close . odile well , it look like you and I be go to rule the world . gargamel my mother would be so proud ... if I have one . odile ( fondle he vile ) all we need now be truckload of this stuff . gargamel ( nervously ) oh. right. actually ... I believe you can help I with that . int . dine room - evening gather upon the table , the smurf dine on the feast mean for Patrick and Gracie . smurfette poor Mrs. W. I never dream a man could be go this long . brainy well , lucky for we , I be sure papa will be back soon . handy ( toast ) to papa ! grouchy to go home ! smurf to go home ! spirit back up , the smurf dig in . it 's a rich family scene , especially for Gracie , who watch for a beat , unnotice in the archway as the guy jostle to serve smurfette . various smurf ( comically polite ) please pass the green ... allow I , smurfette . no , allow I , smurfette . no , allow I ... pea , please . you heart of palm ? smurflicious ! the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 77 . smurfette ( spot Gracie ) oh , Mrs. W. wo not you join we ? romeo I be sure you man will be home any minute . gracie ( sit , then , sadly ) I be sure . int . laurent corporate office - night finish up work , Patrick pull on he jacket . patrick ( into phone ) Gracie , good news , I will be home in twenty . and I 'il make all this up to you . promise . a buzz on he intercom . odile Patrick , dahling , my office , s'il vous plait ? Patrick sigh at yet one more thing ... int . odile 's office - night Patrick enter to find odile seat behind she elegant desk . odile darling , this this be monsieur gargamel . he believe you have something of he . gargamel sprawl on the couch , play with Van 's phone . gargamel charme , I be sure . gargamel smile he least sleazy smile , and snap Patrick 's picture as azreal purr , rub against Patrick 's leg . dissolve to : int . winslow dine room - night wining , dining , Gracie and smurf . laugh , tipsy , but ... for the first time all day , Gracie be at peace . Farmer offer a slice of blue tomato . Gracie savor it . the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 78 . gracie mmmm , Farmer . what would you call this ? farmer fry blue tomato . gracie I can not believe you guy do this every night . smurfette we can not believe you do not . brainy yes , but they do have Google . Gracie smile . her table be brim with warmth as smurf share bread , clinking glass and laughter . gracie you guy have no idea how special what you have be ... Gracie sip she wine , tinged with warmth and sadness . patrick ( 0.s. ) I do ... Gracie and the smurf look up to see Patrick . Gracie get up and take she plate to the sink , she back to Patrick . patrick ( cont 'd ) Gracie ... I be so sorry . gracie about dinner ?... or Paris ? she reveal he Paris file on the counter . sense the tension , the smurf quietly slip away . patrick Gracie ... we need this promotion . I be barely keep we head above water as it be . gracie and you think be away from we even more be the answer ? patrick no ! but what be we go to do , Gracie ? fix the kid tooth ourselves ? sell the dog ? maybe go live in a mushroom ? the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 79 . gracie Patrick , if money be the problem , tell I . we can cut back . ( be they lifestyle ) be all this really worth it ? patrick riiight . sure . this little blue guy have take over you brain , have not they ? gracie ( beat , stung ) do you hear I ? do you hear a word I say ? they stop as the kid come in , but the tension be obvious . SAM uh ... we be home . gracie ( hug Sophie ) hi , guy . patrick hey . sophie where 's papa and the other ? patrick oh , actually , that 's one good thing . I meet they owner . he 's pick up papa and I say I would bring the rest by tomorrow . sophie what ? you promise you have get ‘em . sammy ( concerned ) this owner , do not have a huge , nasty - look cat , do he ? sophie ( off Patrick 's look ) dad ! how could you ?! I trust you ! papa trust you ! patrick what ? what have I do ? the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 80 . SAM ( urgently ) Mom , you gotta take we to China town . papa 's in trouble , we have get to move ! the kid pull she toward the door . gracie what be talk about ? what 's go on ? SAM I will explain on the way . sophie you promise , daddy ! I tell you it be important . I think you be listen . patrick I be . I just -- SAM I will get the key ! Sophie scurries after Sam . upset by she distraught kid , Gracie turn to patric . gracie what do you do ? patrick I ... I do not know . as Gracie start for the door ... brainy ( 0.s. ) he do what ? the smurf burst into tear 0.s. with Sophie . Gracie freeze , then turn back to Patrick . gracie you know what ? maybe you should just take Paris . you be already so far away ... what 's the difference ? she hurry after she kid . Patrick stare after , pain . CUT to : the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 81. int . chinese book store - night - a little later gather around the open book , the smurf listen as papa whisper the spell to hefty , who copy it like a scribe . the old chinese man be asleep in the b.g . papa '' , .. then mix the ingredient and smurf the holy word . '' you get the holy word , right ? hefty ( as he write ) good as do . plop ! clumsy pass out face down on the write , then pop back up , act in vain as if nothing happen . clumsy ( delirious ) I be goob ! better feel never ! papa good Lord , he 's get worse . headlights flash in the window as a car pull up outside . hefty thank smurf ! there 's Mr. Patrick . the door creak open and in step ... gargamel . gargamel hello , old friend . as the smurf back away in dread , gargamel delight in a display of chinese blade . the chinese start from he sleep . chinese man w- who be you ? gargamel ( ignore he ) ooooo , enter the dragon ... gargamel grab a dragon-handle , ivory letter-opener . gargamel ( cont ’d ) poor little lizard , look thirsty . he pour a drop of essence into the dragon 's mouth . chinese man look , can I help you ? the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 82 . gargamel ( invoke a spell ) gold , then beauty , first quenched our desire / now what we crave be pure dragon FIRE ! the handle 's dragon eye glow red . blue ENERGY spit from the mouth , engulf the sheath in crackling electrical magic . chinese man alright , I be call the -- zzzam ! gargamel unleash a bolt of blue ENERGY from he new magic '' scepter . '' the smurf scream as chinese man be frozen in a web of crackling blue energy . papa run ! the smurf flee through a bead curtain into the back room . bring up the rear , papa pause in archway to fend off azrael just as ... gargamel laugh and fire another magic bolt from he scepter . papa grab a souvenir mirror and , brace himself , deflect the energy away from he smurf , bounce it wildly around the store . book and shelf fly . azrael yowls for cover . gargamel ( dodge a energy bolt ) oh , do struggle papa smurf ! you only make the hunt more savory . papa yeah ? savor this ! papa strain to aim the mirror at the display of ceremonial sword . a bolt of the magic energy send they fly ... thwack ! thwack ! thwack ! they stick in the floor around gargamel , pin he via he robe to the ground . gargamel ( furious , be robe ) you fool ! it 's armani ! with gargamel delay , papa dash after the other . intercut with : int . book store - back room - night hefty 's pull the grate off of a small drainage pipe in the far corner . gutsy 's climb in as hefty push on he . the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 83 . clumsy smapa purf ! come on ! dhurryupyit ! papa arrive at the hole , mortify by the slow go . he look back toward the doorway . in the front room : gargamel curse as azrael help he rip he beloved robe free , sword by sword . gargamel damn you azrael ! be careful ! tear on the seam ! on the seam ! in the back room : papa hurry gutsy ! he 's almost free ! gutsy I be hurrryin ' as fast as I can ! riiiiip ! gargamel have one last sword to go . gargamel ( taunting ) oh smurfy .... I be cooooccoming ! gutsy break wind and disappear down the pipe . hefty squeeze in next , but he 's even bigger . papa make a decision ... papa ( give hefty the bag ) I will hold he off . hefty . take the spell ! tell brainy he must use it to get you all home ! clumsy hefty papa , no ! we can not leave you ! papa ( cont 'd ) it 's the only way ! if you do not go now , no one will get home ! go ! riiip ! gargamel charge . papa rush to face he . clumsy papa ! papa ( brace with mirror ) I will find a way back , my little smurf . now , please ! for the love of smurf ... go !! the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 84 . hefty and clumsy watch through tear as papa struggle to hold off the magic bolt from gargamel 's scepter . hefty find a way , papa ... find a way ! reaching for papa , clumsy be yank into the pipe by hefty . clumsy noooooce ! papaaaaaa ! Left alone with gargamel , papa hold the mirror against the scepter 's beam as long as he can but finally ... gargamel face it papa ... you be smurf . a final massive bolt of blue magic freeze papa in a agonize pose . gargamel pull out he new camera / phone . gargamel ( cont ’d ) hold that think ! I want this moment to last forever . gargamel and azrael pose they grin mug on either side of papa as gargamel point the camera at themselves . click ... white out . ext . tribeca - STORM drain - night the full moon light the murky water pour into a storm drain . kerplosh ! Three gasping smurf flop out . hefty pull clumsy to shore as they catch they breath . gutsy this be bullsmurrrf ! we be not serrriously leavin 's papa behind ? hefty gutsy , we have no choice ! he will find a way home . he always do . we have get to get back to the other , while the moon 's still full . look around , hefty eye narrow on ... smurf Pov , a flock of unsuspecting seagull snore nearby . wipe to : the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 85 . ext . STORM drain - night - minute later close on : a large snoring seagull . a muzzle of reed and twine slip gingerly over he beak . suddenly , gutsy leap aboard and cinch the rein around the gull 's neck . the gull squawks and rear back , but gutsy hold tight . gutsy Atta 's girrrl ! shoo we watcha’ get ! as the bird spin like a bronco , gutsy ride with glee . behind he , hefty , yelp , desperately cling to the jerk rein of a bigger meaner bird . gutsy ( cont 'd ) at 's it , heft ! shoo ‘em oo 's boss ! hefty I be ! just lettin’ he warm up to the idea . gutsy and clumsy wince as hefty be jerk about like a yo- yo , until ... he finally deck the bird with a stiff leave hook . immediately the other bird step in line . int . belvedere castle - night a door creak . footstep clomp . meow ... gargamel return . gargamel ( hum , lighting candle ) oh , I will roast a few , and broast a few , and turn the rest to gold ... gargamel uncover a cage . Inside , papa be suspended in crackling ENERGY , still freeze in the same terrify pose . gargamel slap he into a doll high - chair and tape he down . come to , papa moan as gargamel finish with the tape gun . gargamel ( cont ’d ) ah , papa smurf . amazing world , eh ? ( be tape gun ) full of my kind of wonder . papa regards the tape gun wearily . gargamel ( cont ’d ) yess . and if a few bit of smurf hair yield a vial of you essence , ( dangle vial ) ...- imagine what I 'il harvest from a hundred smurf ! the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 86 . gargamel pour the last of the essense into he Dragon scepter and take aim on the dungeon ... wazaam ! wicker chair become mushroom - shape smurf cage . Street barricade morph into smurf-size '' cattle '' chute . in moment , belevadere be transformed into a frankenstein - like '' essence factory . '' huge wooden cog and gear move conveyer of vial past old - fashioned , smurf-size , sweatbox and '' exercise '' machinery , which sprout '' essence collect tube . '' gargamel ( cont ’d ) say hello to you new home , papa . it 's where you will all be live the rest of you day . and night . but enough small talk ... I have get order to fill . ecstatic , gargamel , raise a sweeny Todd razor over papa 's head . papa 's eye go wide as .. sploosh ! gargamel hit papa with a facefull of shave cream . gargamel ( cont ’d ) ( trash the smurf song ) La la la-la- la - laa , la la la la la . papa spit out cream as gargamel gleefully begin wiping he shaving into a thimble . int . winslow home - master bedroom - night a suitcase on the bed . Patrick neatly pack , the phone cradle between he shoulder and ear . patrick look , he 's a resourceful guy , maybe they get out a window or something . intercut with : ext . chinese bookstore - night Gracie stand at the door as Sam and Sophie search the rubble . still hurt , she 's cool , reluctantly make this call . gracie ( on phone ) I do not know , we be hope they have somehow make it back to you . we be go to try and retrace they step . patrick good , good . that 's , uh ... smart plan . a awkward silence fall between they . the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 87 . patrick ( cont 'd ) listen ... Gracie , about Paris . I be sure once we get use into the schedule -- gracie I need to go . the kid be pretty upset . the phone go dead . Patrick stare a beat , then set it aside with a sigh and resume pack . reveal a smurfette watch sadly from the doorway . she turn , shaking she head '' no '' to vanity , further down the hall . vanity signal to handy , handy to grouchy and so on , until ... int . winslow game room - continuous a somber group of smurf be gather . Farmer enter , shaking he head . the group burst into tear . int . winslow home - master bedroom - same Patrick try to ignore the 0.s. tear as he pack . he can not . int . winslow game room - same brainy , smurfette and a few other , try to comfort the rest of the smurf . Patrick enter . patrick c’mon , guy , I be sure we will find ‘em . ( off they glare ) look , I be really sorry , alright ? I do not know who that guy be . I do the best I could . so , do not look at I with that big , sad -- waaaa ! they break into more inconsolable , comic tear . smurfette lead Patrick away from the bunch and hop up on a table to speak with he . smurfette they do not blame you . they be just scared . they miss they papa . remember how it feel when you be little and you papa would leave ? patrick ( beat ) actually , no . my dad pass away before I really know he . the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 88. smurfette oh. gosh no papa ?... you poor thing . patrick no , it 's not like that ... it 's fine . ( beat , off she puzzlement ) okay , so it be a little hard ... my mom have to work two job to keep food on the table , and I barely see she . but , you know , you adjust . you get by . smurfette gaze up , aching for he , she big eye moisten . Patrick pause , he own bullshit fail to comfort even he . he glance away ... to the mantle ... a family portrait of he , Gracie and the kid in happier , more carefree time . in the park , barefoot , Patrick spin Sam in the air , while he new daughter giggle in she mother 's arm . patrick ( cont ’d ) what be I do ? what 's wrong with I ? I be about to throw everything that matter to I away ... and for what ? smurfette you be scared . patrick I be terrify . it 's like I have to keep run faster and faster just to keep up . and if I ever stop ... I do not know ... we will end up live in a box somewhere . smurfette ( beat ) well ... we live in mushroom . and because we have each other ... it 's really nice . Patrick smile , warming to the notion of maybe let go ... just a little . suddenly ... wham ! a seagull smashes into the window behind he . another huge gull smashes through the glass . pull ivy vine rein , hefty force he bird into a emergency landing on the table . clumsy cling to he neck . clumsy and keep you theat belt fasthen until we thum to a compleep ... thlop . ( flop onto the table ) be we yare thet ? the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 89 . sophie clumsy ! Sophie scoops clumsy into she arm . he smile weakly as gutsy wrangle he bird into the room . smurfette smurfy wing - work , boy , but where 's papa ? gutsy capture by that wretch wizard ! ( give a sack to brainy ) he say to give ya this , lad . hefty it 's everything you need to conjure the Blue Moon and get we home . brainy we ? what about papa ? jokey he say he would find a way . til then ... it 's up to you . stun silence . brainy I be ... in charge ? various smurf ( panicked ) brainy 's in charge ?! we ’1ll never get home ! smurfed , I tell you , we be smurfed ! papaaaaaaaaa ! amidst the panic , gutsy confront they new leader . gutsy it 's what ye always want , id not it , lad ? drrream of , day and night ? question be , now that it 's ' ere ... arrre ya smurrrf enough ? brainy gulp , then try to speak over the chaos . brainy Excuse I ... hello ? Patrick grab crazy and squeeze he , cause a shrill fog horn , then a ah - uuugah , follow by a submarine dive bell . the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 90 . patrick guy ! come on , a little respect . dozen of blink frightful eye turn to brainy . brainy it 's true ... I always want to be in charge ... of , you know , a festival or what color we paint the barn ... but not like this . brainy peer into the bag with the Blue Moon spell . brainy ( cont 'd ) Mr. winslow , see as be one smurf short of a papa , we could sure use you help . patrick I ... I do not know anything about blue moon or how to make a spell . brainy I do not mean that . I be talk about go after we papa . amaze look from the other . frightened smurf but ... papa say to get we home . brainy papa say . papa always say something . but , I be in charge now . and I say ... no smurf leave behind ! hefty ( beat ) brainy , gargamel 's get a magic scepter , now . it spit blue fire and make he more powerful than ever . gutsy a ' we doon even knooow where he be . we have need a bloodhound to find ‘em . a rrreal blue blood . all eye turn to tarzan . he look confuse , then , sniff he own rear , run in circle after he tail and fall over . nope . the smurf slump in despair . patrick ( rise ) wait ... you do not need a blueblood . ( more ) the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 91 . patrick ( cont 'd ) we have get bluetooth . my boss give gargamel Van 's phone . and we company phone be trackable . Patrick cross to the computer and set to work . smurf gooooogle . patrick no. Google Earth . smurf Google earrrrrrrrth . ext . central park - night in a nearly abandon area of Central Park , Gracie stand outside the car with the kid , cradling a cup of coffee . SAM be you sure this be where he say meet he ? sophie yeah , he just say be here and be ready for anything . SAM he probably just want to say goodbye before he head to the airport . just then , Patrick come into view , in a heroes entrance with several dozen smurf , crossing a nearby foodbridge . they be gear for battle . Patrick carry Sam 's helicopter . gracie I think you have a plane to catch . patrick my kid want to go to the park . we go to the park . oh , and , by the way , I find papa . we just have to get he out . I mean , you know , if you guy be into that sort of thing . Gracie and the kid smile and embrace he excitedly as we ... dissolve to : ext . central park - obelisk - bushes - night - continuous Patrick be surround by smurf , laden like commando with household implement as weapon and tool . the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 92 . brainy ( into walkie talkie ) Blue leader one to small fry . how be thing at the cookout ? intercut with : ext . central park - turtle pond - night - continuous in a thicket on the west bank , Sophie stir boil water on a camp stove while hefty prep the spell ingredient . sophie ( into walkie talkie ) ready with the spell ! brainy ( into walkie talkie ) Air command , we be go ... intercut with : ext . metro museum of modern art - night - continuous a souvenir kiosk have be break into . we hear helium balloon be inflate . one float away ... the kind with a inflatable teddy bear inside . Sam step out and hold a finger to check the wind . brainy ( v.o. ) repeat , Air Command ! we be go ! SAM ( into phone ) Roger , that brainy . smurf away ! he release handfuls of ribbon ... brainy and gracie 's Pov ( through spyglass ) : to wagner 's ride of the valkyry , dozen of large helium balloon rise into the air , bear smurf inside , each hold a pin . on the ground : several straggling smurf wrestle comically to get themselves into they balloon for inflate by Sam . in the airborne balloon : smurf '' run '' furiously , to spin / guide the balloon toward belvedere . they be amazed by the view as they float over the park . angle on : wee-hour new yorker enjoy the runaway balloon . spot , the balloon smurf stop '' run , '' leave the human clueless that the fly '' teddy bear '' be alive . once out of view , they immediately start '' steering '' again . the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 93 . ext . belvedere castle - night a few huge snapping turtle sleep peacefully on the shore . handy fall from the sky , landing beside one . he gingerly step away then signal into the sky . handy ( squeaky helium whisper ) all clear . angle up : smurf begin pop they balloon with they pin and drop like silent paratrooper , all around the castle . what little whispering we hear be all silly helium - pitched . ext . metro museum of modern art - night - same at the kiosk , SAM finish strapping the r/c copter to gutsy 's back and the remote to he chest . SAM you ready ? gutsy I life 's be noothin ' 's but rrrehearsal for this moment . SAM you will only get once chance at the grab ... make it count . gutsy pull down a pair of doll goggle , nod and lift off . int . belvedere castle - night gargamel and azrael dance around the essence factory in macabre glee as the glop of papa 's beard gurgle through in a ominous test of what 's to come for the smurf . gargamel hold the dragon handle of he scepter to the spigot , fill its mouth with smurf - blue essence . the eye glow redder as more blue ENERGY engulf the sheath . gargamel dumbledore , eat you heart out ... ( raise the sceptor ) soon , papa , all you little smurf will be mine . thud . papa look up to the roof and smile . gargamel ( cont ’d ) ah , here they be now . the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 94 , papa no . gargamel oh , please . do you really think they would go home without you ? after all you have teach they ? smurf for all and all for ... rubbish . papa all for smurf ! gargamel exactly . you be one big happy family . and that 's you weakness . they be pathetic without you , papa . and you be the perfect bait . papa no ! gargamel keep a eye on he azrael ... gargamel strap papa into the essence extractor and fire it up . gear turn , steam hiss and papa 's begin to move into the work . papa enjoy the ride , papa . it 's smurfy time . with a laugh , gargamel charge out to face the smurf . papa ( cont 'd ) gargameeeeeeeeel ! ext . belvedere castle - night gargamel rush out with a huge sack to find smurf creep through the undergrowth all around he . with pencil for spear and laser pointer to temporary blind gargamel , the smurf hold they own in the first wave . annoy , gargamel stir the sky with he scepter . thunderous cloud appear , only over he portion of the park . rooftop smurf yelp and cling desperately to the rain gutter . other slip and slide in the localize wind and rain and mud . on brainy : watch with Gracie through the spyglass . brainy stand by , Patrick ... now , gutsy ! the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 95 . directly above the Castle , gutsy struggle madly to keep the copter under control in the bizarre magic storm . as gargamel eagerly begin bag fall smurf . jokey wave a tiny white flag . gargamel hello ! what have we here ? jokey ( hold up a box ) surprise ! gargamel I be not fall for that again . jokey this be not the surprise . that be ! gutsy roar in with the remote- control helicopter . but as he grab for the scepter ... karack ! a bolt of lighting from gargamel 's storm blind he ... he miss . angle on : Patrick watch through binocular . patrick ( into phone ) he miss ! we be go in now ! on brainy & gracie : watch through spyglass . brainy ( into phone ) you can not take gargamel while he have the scepter ! patrick ( into phone ) we have no choice ! ( to he smurf troops ) we be go in ! gracie ( grab brainy 's phone ) Patrick ! Patrick hang up and accept a smear of blue face - paint from vanity as he hoist Sam 's telescope onto he shoulder . it 's clearly be modify for war by handy . handy do not point it at anyone unless you intend to hurt they . Patrick grin . the smurf , with pencil & rubberband '' bow '' and sewing needle '' arrow '' at the ready , raise a battle cry and follow Patrick down a hill toward ... the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 96 . gargamel be busy shoot bolt of magic at gutsy , who dodge for he life in the copter , hamper by the crazy '' weather . '' Patrick , handy and they group get in range and ready to fire on gargamel when ... Patrick 's phone ring . patrick ( into phone ) Gracie , honey , not now ! intercut with : ext . odile 's bedroom - night odile work alone in a huge bed , in the glow of she laptop . odile do not honey I , mon mignon . do you get the man he little bleu thingy ? patrick odile ? I can not talk now . handy wave frantically at Patrick to fire . Patrick peer through the sighting glass and ... pop pop pop ! let loose a torrent of hardballs at gargamel . but they miss ! odile listen , forget Paris . that strange little of ours be go to do great thing for we . I be go to need you in , London , Hong Kong , beje ... patrick that 's not go to happen . gargamel take final aim at gutsy ... gargamel enough of this ! you be mine ! odile oh , be he there ? put he on . patrick it 's for you ! out of ammo , Patrick hurl he blackberry at gargamel . odile ( v.o. on flying phone ) monsieur gargameeeeeeeeceel ? bam ! the blackberry shatter on gargamel 's head just before he fire on gutsy . the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 97 . on gracie : watch through binoculars . gracie huh . never think I have be grateful for that blackberry . on gargamel : enrage , he turn on Patrick . gargamel that. hurt . gargamel unleash a fury of blue ENERGY on Patrick , who scream and shake in the beam . but gargamel do not stop . on gracie : she drop the spyglass ( and brainy ) . gracie ( racing down the hill ) Patrick ! like braveheart , gutsy seize he moment ... and the scepter . gutsy frreeedooooccoom ! gargamel scream in rage as gutsy zoom away with he power . gargamel ( give chase ) noooocc0000 ! on brainy as he recover from be drop . brainy ( yelling into phone ) Sam ! go go go ! int . belvedere castle - night papa gasp for breath as he 's wash , buff and sterilize on the conveyor . azrael bat at he , like a toy , as he head for a frightening steam extractor . suddenly Sam charge through the door , flashlight blaze . SAM / sophie papa smurf ?! papa look out ! azrael growls and step into Sam 's path . pling ! he unfurl he switchblade claw in a elaborate show of might . the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 98 . SAM do I mention I be alergic to cat ? Sam kick azrael out window with a yooooooooowl . angle on brainy : peer through the spyglass . brainy' Pov : Sam race from the Castle with papa . brainy yes ! below : Gracie and handy tend to fall Patrick while smurfette and Sophie charge in to free smurf from gargamel 's bag . handy Boy , I be I glad to see you girl ! but who 's cooking the Blue Moon potion ? smurfette hefty 's get it cover . sometimes the girl just gotta get out of the kitchen . she and Sophie share a Charlie 's angel take . angle on patrick : Gracie hold he face as the blue energy dissipate from he body . gracie Patrick ? baby you can you hear I ? SAM ( rush in with papa ) dad ! dad ! smurf papa ! papa ! the smurf go wild , swarm they papa as Sam set he down to tend he own father with Sophie . it 's a emotional reunion for both family and they '' papas . '' Patrick groans as he family and the smurf surround he . handy he take gargamel 's worst ... for we . patrick ( come to ) Gracie ? Gracie and the kid embrace Patrick as he sit up . the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 99 . sophie thank you , daddy ! thank you ! papa , surround by he own ador '' kid '' step forward . papa yes . a hundred thanks . patrick you be right ... hand to help . the two father share a smile . brainy ( 0.s. ) be we go home ? or what ? everyone turn to see brainy stand proudly on a log . brainy ( cont 'd ) I be sorry I do not listen , papa , but a smurf 's gotta do , what a smurf 's gotta do . papa brainy , I be proud of you . but you be right . we better get home while we can . be everbody here ? brainy all but one . ( into phone ) Blue leader to Blue Bird . come in . ext . central park west - night - same gutsy work the joystick on he belly with one hand and clutches gargamel 's heavy scepter with the other . it 's rough fly . follow below , gargamel pant for breath . gutsy ( taunting ) ' at 's it , ya little girrrly wizard ! who 's the bully now , eh? eh ? gargamel ( wind , but smile ) remember , little one ... pride goeth before the fall . gutsy what arrre ye talkin’ aboot ? it 's oover for ye , ya ' crrrazy loon . the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 100 . gutsy do not see azrael slinking up a tree , behind he . suddenly ... meowlllll ! azrael leap from a branch and swat the copter before crash into a bush . gargamel gutsy goooooo kitty ! aaaaaaaaaaaaagh ! gutsy , drop the wand and spin out of control , disappear into the tree . on gargamel : in slow mo , he make a diving leap for the wand as it tumble toward a open subway vent . horse scream as a late-night carriage stop just short of trample gargamel . he stand , fire in he eye ... the scepter in he hand . ext . turtle pond - night in the thicket by the pond hefty struggle alone to add ingredient to the boil pot . hefty ( read ) Hair of a giant ... feather of a flightless bird ... the winslow , papa and the smurf charge onto the scene . papa hefty ! time to go ! hefty already , papa ! Sophie and smurfette rush in with grouchy and reina . everyone gather around the pot as thick blue fog spew from the brew . papa ( unfurl the spell ) brainy ... do the honors ?... you earn it . brainy proudly , but humbly , take the scroll and read ... brainy unimoonibus ... bluticus ... yarayak .... kahol ... whoosh ! a mighty wind blast through the park , spread a thick fog . veile in the fog , a huge moon appear to rise ... its glow , distinctively blue . the winslow 's jaw drop . the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 101 . hefty look ! the pond water be to roil . as in the forbidden grottos , a glisten rock formation rise up . a shimmering portal blaze behind the fall water . a rocky path emerge , lead to shore . suddenly , a horse - draw carriage charge up in the distance . gargamel ya ! yaaaaaa ! papa go! go ! lesser know smurf charge across the watery path and dive through the portal with hardly time to wave goodbye . the carriage bear down with terrifying speed with gargamel , stand beside azrael , whipping the horse like Ben hur . panicked smurf cross into the portal as fast as they can . gargamel aim he scepter ... zap ! a bolt of blue energy obliterate the portal , trapping papa and half the smurf in we world while the other half be trap in theirs . gargamel aim again , this time directly at papa and the remain smurf . as they scream and scramble for cover , we hear the familiar whir of sputter rotors ... gutsy ( 0.s. ) pick on someone yer oon size , ya’ smurrrfin ' wanker ! gutsy have rise and be diving for gargamel . papa gutsy , noooooo ! bam ! gutsy kamikazee into gargamel 's head . the copter disintegrate , hurl gutsy onto the horse face . gargamel fall back in the carriage , miss he shot . in slow mo : the wand fly through the air ... little blue hand dive for it . it fall to ... clumsy . he grab ... he bobble ... collapse ... drop the wand into the murky pond . sophie / papa clumsy ! they run to help he . the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 102 . brainy gutsy ! all eye turn to see the runaway horse , freak by the blue creature cling to it 's face , rear up at the wall of the 79th STREET transverse . gargamel , azrael and gutsy be throw over the wall , toward the speed traffic below . gutsy & gargamel azrael aaaaaaaaaaagh ! yeeeeeeeeeoow !l ! whap ! gargamel and azrael be comically flatten on the windshield of a pass bus . it carry they away , with blue ad wrap celebrate : jet blue to belgium from $ 299 ! winslow and smurf be shocked at gutsy 's sacrifice . then ... gutsy ( 0.s. ) well , doon jus’ stand thar ! give a smurrrf a hand ! a tiny blue hand reach over from the wall ... gutsy 's cling safely above the speed traffic . the smurf cheer as Sam , hefty and other rush to pull he to safety . angle on papa and Patrick . patrick ( be destroy portal ) what be you go to do ? papa look up at the moon as the fog clear away ... it 's clearly no longer blue . papa I do not know ... I really do not know . hefty hey ... look . a inky blue spread from where the wand go in . the reflection of the moon be also blue , but the real moon be still only white . clumsy , lie weak on the shore , he head in Sophie 's lap . clumsy I be sorry guy ... I - - blow it again . spend and pale , clumsy 's hand drop into the water . sophie clumsy ? the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 103. clumsy I just wish ... the moon be really blue ... and you all could go home . triggered at clumsy 's hand in the water , the magic blue essence shimmer on the water . blue ENERGY arc over the surface of the pond , dance on the reflection of the moon ... then , it rise up toward the Moon itself . gutsy grrreat smurf ! everyone look up to see the Moon actually turn blue . clumsy 's eye open as the color begin to return to he hand , then spread to he whole body . papa great smurf , indeed ! clumsy ! you have do it ! clumsy sit up , renew as the portal begin to rise from the water again . the smurf stare in awe as the rocky path be - emerge to bear they home . quick shot all over new york : night -lifer and wildlife stop to gaze up in amazement at the blue moon . in the park : smurf eagerly line up to walk the shimmer stone path to the portal , where brainy direct they through . each return to they deep blue as they dive in . brainy come along everyone . no tell how long the spell will last . hefty approach the portal , then turn and wave to the winslow . hefty good bye ! we will never forget you ! as the winslow wave back , hefty reach out a tentative hand ... whoosh ! he 's suck through before he know what happen . a line of other wave goodbye and follow . gutsy , jokey and vanity and Romeo get in line . romeo ( to Gracie and Patrick ) know how often I have see love like yours ? ( off they look ) once in a Blue Moon . the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 104 . Patrick take Gracie 's hand . she pull in close . papa we will never be able to repay you for all you kindness ... and bravery . patrick you have already repaid I . ( squeezing Gracie 's hand ) more than you will ever know . Gracie smile and take Patrick 's arm . he put a arm around he family as they gather close around papa and clumsy . papa if you work together , and truly treasure each other , everything will be smurfy , indeed . reina smurf . everyone turn , laughing , as reina hold grouchy one last time and utter she first word . reina ( cont 'd ) b- bye . winslow she 's talk ! Way to go reina ! good job , sweetie ! ( etc. ) . grouchy ( try to hide he tear ) I hate '' b- bye 's '' ... but I love you . Sophie kneel down to clumsy . her eye be also welling up . sophie will I ever see you again ? clumsy papa ? papa keep a eye out for each other ... every blue moon . papa 's eye twinkle as Sophie and clumsy fall into a hug . sophie say it 's not just a dream . the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 105 . clumsy you be not dream , Sophie . I be you friend . brainy papa ! clumsy ! the spell ! sure enough the blue ENERGY be fading . the winslow share one last hug with papa and clumsy , then watch tearfully as they join brainy and smurfette at the portal . winslow Goodbye . clumsy / brainy / papa / smurfette auf-wiedersmurf ! brainy wave and go in . papa wave , take clumsy 's hand and step in . clumsy lock teary eye with Sophie ... and he 's go . the winslow watch from shore as the blue ENERGY fade and the portal sink back down . but the moon ... stay Blue . music up : a new blue moon song fade to blue end credit : the smurf return to they village , singing . reprising they dance number from the open , this time , they get it right . more end credit . then ... Patrick sadly pack the personal effect of he office into box as he prepare to look for work . odile enter . odile what on earth be you do ? patrick I be ... fire . no? odile you silly , stupid , big strong man . do you know the last time anyone stand up to I the way you do ? ( off Patrick 's confusion ) you have what it take to handle the shark in this office . up till now , there be only I . if you manage New York ... I be free to take to Paris . she gratefully kiss he cheek and exit blissfully . the smurf - stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 106 . odile ( cont 'd ) salut , Paris . ici je vien ! Patrick watch she go ... dumbstruck . more credit . then ... the winslow frolic in Central Park . Patrick and Sam fly the helicopter . Sophie and Mom play princess nearby , while reina chew happily on tarzan . not faraway , in turtle Pond , a wand be find ... by gargamel ... black out