the arrival the akkrsl ss David n. twohy final " shockwave , " revised 9/14/95 , yellow fade in : ext . meadow - greenland ~ day wide on a meadow , roll and sun-drenched , tall grasses dance in the wind . this could well be the heartland of America . close on Arctic boot . walk through the meadow . presently ilana GREEN stop in the meadow -- and look around with both amazement and apprehension . she 's dress in a heavy down anorak , incongruous amid the pastoral set . ( sper something , she strip off glove and S down to pluck ... a poppy : ext . meadow 's edge - greenland ~ day the foreman wait at the periphery . behind he we see a snowcat and icescape . nothing else . lenfeis oa fuerhwe = foreman ( ore baz + 74 ) ( call ) ' un ) wirt be well , what the hell be that ? " '' geoscience ? " what be you ext . meadow - greenland - day ilana knock back she hood , peel off sunglass for a better look at the poppy - - '' caal re gye serig . '' minute fe . I be do greenhouse research 's when you call come in . the atmosphere '' ( gl ( to herself ; scan s925 '' meadow ) , é go I think this be a joke .... intercutting ilana , foreman : Shaw vofxnn J '' thad to somebody . be drilling ice in Greenland for the last 18 summer straight ~~ and I do not remember nothing grow this far north . nothing . tlana ( h helt ) you have have to be a lot-older . 1 ( % ) ( x ) ( X ) ( X ) ( xx ) ( % ) ( xx ) ( X ) ( x ) ( xx ) 2 ( X ) ( x ) ( X ) ( X ) ( X % ) " shockwave , " revised 9 / 14/95 , yellow 3 continued : 3 ( X ) foreman ( X ) can not hear . what ? ( X ) ilana . [ oo ( X ) ( louder ) ( X ) nothing have growh here since the start {x ) of the pernian / age -- and that be 290 ( X % ) million year '' ago . ( X ) foreman ~ ( X ) well , so what 's go on ? I mean ~~ [ plug bound ( X ) '' why be it here now ? lawa ( turning lack ) 4 ext . greenland - day shajlu't be '' 4 ( X ) one killer shot : start eye-level on jtlana as she look up ( X ) at the sun , feel its warmth on she face . pull up and ( X ) away to reveal she stand amid the meadow that lie on ( % ) a valley floor ..- pull back more to show the meadow as a ( % ) smudge of green amid the vastness of the Arctic ... more to ( X ) find a distant horizon slice into frame ... more to include ( X ) the sun , big and hot and flaring across the sky ... more to ( % ) take we 70000 foot above Greenland and to make visible the ( X ) curvature of the Earth . ( X ) match dissolve to : ( X ) ( omit sccene 5~ 7 ) ( x ) 8 ext . 40 ~ meter dish - oro valley - night 8 ( X ) the curvature of a nuge radio telescope , 130 foot across . ( X ) continue the pullback as the dish move , reorient . we ( X % ) retreat across the desert floor ... ( X ) 9 ext . tracking station - oro valley - night 9 ( X ) ... and transit the window of a tracking station . zane ( X ) ziminsky lean into frame to consult a spectrascope , where ( X ) we see the paseline static of a distant star . he switch ( X ) magnification . ( X ) zane ( shaking head ) butt-smoke . pure , unalloy putt~-smoke . " shockwave , " revised 9/14/95 , yellow 9 continued : Zane chair- roll to he workstation -- no , he altar . indeed , this control room be he electronic chapel . amid SETI poster ( " be we alone ? " ) be a plaque : " a man 's reach should exceed he grasp , or else what 's Heaven for ? " -- Robert brown zane ( from note ) move on to wolf-336 , a f-class star at 7.36.7 right ascension ... 5.21 declination .... slump nearby be calvin , a rabbinical - look station engineer . he 's dead - ass tired . & . sapte [ lap ow & ee fote car titite ( beak bld kea : 9 continued : 9 calvin I think that be the last one . zane why have you think that ? calvin ' cuz you say it would be . zane what ? no , no , no -~ I distinctly remember forget that . calvin . I do not know why T put up with this . - yes , I do . because I always let you drive . I be a ride - share hostage . zane ( not listen ) . se tes , ohs it F -class star ... recent variability ... renee , bh ought I ie. 14.6 light year away ..-- me tine cae , resigned to another sleepless night , calvin enter new coordinate . through a view window , we see the mammoth dish realign outside . calvin head to the loo .: . calvin sos , this be just nut . the whole they approach . SETI be tough enough in the bate ef ee microwave band , now you wanna search sond pid oe fm ? with all that noise ? c’mon , man . for PA it 's like try to find a needle in 's ub a haystack of needle . > sfck ere ( eek. I > , a phone trill . Zane snag it . — t — ~s Le s84 oy ele . . zane Station five. char ( v.0 . ) be my voice even vaguely familiar to you ? zane ( instantly a jologetic ) - I be try to get out of here , but //.. cie tee cee calvin 's hold I up again . should be home by one , one - thirty . just go to bed and I 'l ] wake you up from the inside out . 9 continued : ( 2 ) 9 char ( v.o. ) one-thirty Tuesday ? Wednesday ? a.m. ? ) p.m.? during the conversation , Zane check a new spectrum that integrate on the scope . nothing there . zane what can I say ? I be a ride - share hostage . but look , 1 /11 try to .... background laughter on the phone . Zane scowl . zane where be you ? char ( v.0 . ) I be have a drink with Becky . zane you be in some bar ? while I be here work ? char ( v.0 . ) there 's a cute hockey player here . but he say he 's only in town for the night .... my zane I give up . what do you want ? char ( v.0 . ) I want you ass in bed , Zane . know a ultimatum when he hear one , Zane start pack up . zane all right . I / x11 leave now if you leave now -- but do not talk , to ' : stranger on the way out . yz oe ab rig phee ee we a char ( v.0 . ) you swear you will be there ? I do not want a repeat of last week . zane look , if I say I will be there , Ill be there . end of story . nothing 's more important to I than we .... 9 continued : ( 3 ) 9 a SOUND drown he out : come over speaker , it grow into a skull - rattling squeal . it 's like a dozen fax signal squeeze into one . ( this be the shockwave signal . ) 10 int . bathroom - tracking station - night 10 nse cxs fece . os ccs ohor . ( stage I th of ume } 11 int . tracking station ~ oro valley - night il hear , calvin piss on he shoe . the phone drop from gine 's hand , instantly forget . he bang head with calvin over the spectrascope . now there 's something there , something spike above the static . they switch to a 3 - D waveform display . calvin good solid spike ... nice symmetry to the modulation .... zane Detection protocol . now . they explode apart : calvin dive back to he control . Zane slap open the " signal Detection protocol " manual , find the red page . the hot sheet . in fast sync : zane confirmation phase one ..-- calvin swing dish five degree off-axis .... zane and signal fade . look good . calvin now swinging dish back on target ... zane ' and signal return . definitely sky-base . gotta hummer here . confirmation phase two ...-- calvin initiating software check .... . zane dump ahead to phase Three ... second ~ source verification . he snap up a red phone . 11 continued : 11 zane ( cont ‘d ) who 's still on - line ? Green Bank ? Ohio State ? no , moffet field . calvin check , still check .... zane ( demon dial ) be there , just be there ... we need another ear on this thing .... calvin Software self -check . phase two complete , now just wait on .... the endlessly ringing phone in Zane 's ear . zane c'mon , moffet , you be kill I , you be kill I here . dust pick up the phone s0 we can confirm this while it 's still . ose on the spectrascope . the spike slowly sink back into baseline static ... and the speaker quiet to a soft hiss . as quickly as it appear , the signal from the star be 42 ext . freeway - day — — @ v%404 / / oat 12 carve up traffic , a old saab station wagon careen down the antelope Valley freeway . 13 ext . guard house ~- JPL - day 13 a sign read : jet propulsion laboratory the saab slip under a drop gate - arm , weave around a slower car , park in the first available red zone . Zane and calvin bail out with folder , stripnchart , a dat player . they blitz for the main building . JPL guard # 1 hey ! this be not valet parking , Ziminski ! 13 continued : 13 zane ( over shoulder ) stall out on I ! right there ! just stall on I ! et vo a ! . ! 14 int . display lobby ~ JPL ~ day ( ip 14 start on full - size mockup of space probe -~ voyager , Pioneer , Galileo . camera find a project manager , phil_ gordian , listen to the shockwave signal through 2 2 aed headphone : he 's the captive audience of Zane and calvin . gordian that 's it ? 42 second . zane listen all night , but it never repeat . calvin all night and all morning . zane it 's 42 second of non-random , non - Earth - base signal . this could be it , gordy . eee gordian sound ... compress . like a military burst communication . zane no way . not at 107 megahertz . gordian ( scowling ) 1072 what be you do so far below microwave ? et — — — — ~ = zane o.s. look . ) the only way a extrasolar ' as go to know about we be if they pick up on we signal leakage ~~ radio , tv , military radar -~ all below the microwave band . do not ait make sense that we should be look for they in the same way ? so T reconfigure the spectrum analyzer , write new filter algorithm , then target all viable star within -- 14 continued : 14 gordian you be say you deviate from the approve survey . zane “y fuck the survey . it 's a circle -jerk yin ! ? ans of epic proportion . '' pee ayy i ae 15 int . administration build - JPL - day ~ '' 15 2 gordian scan data as he walk administrative corridor . zane and calvin dog he heel . gordian tt 's a variable star ? this ... " wol£ -336 " ? zane 14.6 light year away . gordian but if it 's a variable , it expands and contract dramatically . how could intelligent life actually develop in such a volatile -- zane " it 's only be unstable for the last 50 year , which mean it 's possible that some kind of life could still exist there . maybe it 's a distress call . maybe they be send out they encyclopedia gallactica , jettison all they knowledge before it go down with the ship . maybe it 's -- gordian ( soberingly ) it 's 42 second , Zane . and it never repeat . zane that 's why we gotta stay on this one , gordy -~ in case it do . 1/11 pull double , triple shift if I have to , but I want priority status , and I want dish - time -- serious dish - time . calvin during normal business hour . preferably . 10 . 15 continued : i5 reaching he office , gordian stop and sift blindly through the data . what 's wrong ? why be not he excited by all this ? gordian calvin ... go home and get some sleep . Zane ...- he open the office door like a crypt~keeper . 16 int . gordian 's office ~ JPL ~ day 16 zane | ( thunderstruck ) be you even shittin’ I ? gordian it 's a mandatory 20 percent cut -back . the tracking station have a fix operate cost -~ I can not touch that . I have get to look at personnel . zane soe gordy . I have be here pine '' year . gordian I can swing a month 's pay instead of two week ... maybe I can extend health benefit beyond that . I know it 's cold comfort , but .... zane stare disbelievingly at the dat tape in he hand . the shockwave tape . zane lemme get this straight . I come to a you with what may be the pre-eminent sos yo ? giscovery of the 20th century ~~ the possibility of extrasolar life -- and I get shitcan for it ? gordian zane . I know how important this be . but search for e.t.s be a tough sell on Capitol Hill . if we do not start spend the money on " harder " science , we be go to lose it . zane 2 eis te ? on , Christ alive .... awright , so : forget about I for a second . what about the signal ? 11 . 16 continued : 16 gordian oe well , of course I 'il pass it on to apeoias iets decode ~~ see if there 's any pattern - 7 dat tape recognition there , put -- you know the rule . " if you can not confirm it ... " : zane " , . it do not exist . " what asshole make that rule ? and can we fire he instead ? gordian it do not please I to see we lose the brightest and best . I wish there be another way . I honestly do . 17 int . gordian ‘s office ~- JPL - day 17 gordian be Pov : through window blind , we see Zane trudging across the plaza below . hold on gordian a beat . watch . think . ap gen lie th lt te CA 18 / tnt . bxecupive \washroom seb - av , 7 bivfard . | 18 ara on ye J a close , on a door ' peing ooke 's ne _ cyuose on duct tape rip from a roll . @d close on a smoke - alarm be tape over . Z ) close on a flameless lighter ignite . ( 7 ) alone win the-batkreem ; gordian touch the lighter to the dat tape . it turn to molten plastic . he let — - it-drop_ inte a toilet . one — fimsh=pweupe-everyereng away ; — 29 ext . zane 's house - day 19 it 's a neglect house in the foothills of altadena . qwelve hour late , Zane 's car limp into the driveway . 20 int . kitchen - zane 's house ~ day 20 start on a cat dish . a hand lift it off the floor , revealing a newspaper beneath : record heat in southland 20 21 12 . continued : 20 her back to camera , a woman dump the cat food in the garbage . Zane slouches through the back door . char the cat run away , Zane . tf do not know why you still put food out . char turn . she 's a bewitchingly attractive creature . in a million year , we never would have pair she up with a high -function technophile like Zane . char ( read he face ) what 's wrong ? what happen ? zane well , it 's sorta like ... spontaneous early retirement . he stand there awkwardly , overwhelmingly morose . char cocoon he with a embrace . zane ( cont ’d ) expected you to be mad . char I be before , if it help . zane how ' bout now ? | ( see wan€ you gss '' in beg — — — int . bedroom - zane 's house ~ night 21 zane oh , Jesus ...oh , God ...oh , Jesus .... rivere with sweat , Zane have a near-death orgasm before collapse back onto the bed . char roll off to catch she breath . char ( amused ) the only time you be religious be when you cum . zane well , if church have be more like this .... man , it 's hot in here . 13 . 21 continued : 21 cHar so hy open the door . , '' zane it do not bother you ? I ’ma human swamp . char I have always run hot . char move into the bathroom , run a towel under cool water . Zane open a slider ... 22 ext . balcony - zane 's house - night 22 ... and step onto a balcony . venus and the evening star be make a appearance . char return and wipe he down with a damp towel . it feel reincarnate . char ( gingerly ) how you doin’ for money ? if you need I to , I could maybe .... zane fhere 's a SETI program up north . guy who run it be beggin’ I to come up there . Bill Wyatt . might give he a call .... char Zane . be you really think about go back to it ? zane ( still in mourn ) we have a bell - ringer this morning -~ really good signal . just could not \_ chey ema tee confirm it in time . yo wt fbr mele char you have something really good last year , too -~ and it turn out to be ... what ? a break microwave oven ? zane what 's you point ? that there 's always something to give I false hope ? that I be waste ny life ? char I do not say that . but interesting that you do . we a. 22 continued : '' 22 23 a elderly black woman -~ mrs . roosevelt -- appear in a window of the house next door . 's notice two naked body , she don glass for a better look . char c'mon . someone 's watch . int , upstair bedroom ~ zane 's house - night 23 she pull he back inside . Zane give she a look of Age ) genuine bewilderment . a ee a nu not la ae ! zane . om by how the hell do I wind up with rl : wt ol @ someone like you ? ae ? we e rai char ml we ! '' 9 I get tired of rich guy with good ie wv future . Bu zane no , really . what be it you see in I ? what make you call I that first time ? char ( shaking head ) . _ Boy . when they self - worth go .... okay . I see a man of great intelligence , dedication , a cute kind of insecurity , a little paranoia .... zane this go to shit fast . char well , why do we have to analyze everything ? can not you just trust that I do love you ? zane algorithm I trust . boolean logic I trust . beautiful woman ... they just mystify I . char { two year and we be still talk about trust . amazing . zane I should shut the hell up , huh ? 23 24 25 15 . continued : 23 char Zane , it 's you career and 1/11 support whatever decision you make . but if we be ever go to make it , we have get to work on we problem here . on planet Earth . and that 's just hard to do when you be always off look at the star . zane '' listen . '' char " listen . " zane we fall apart here ? be that it , char ? char I do not know , Zane . be we ? ext . ucla ~ day 24 weaving through pedestrian , a young teaching assistant ( t.a. ) read a magazine as he pedal he bike across campus . he dismount near a " geoscience " building . int . ilana 's office - ucla - day 25 close on the open magazine drop onto a desktop . it 's a scientific journal . photo show the meadow in Greenland . the article be title : the arctic poppy -~ a chilling paradox by ilana Green work at she desk , ilana look up . t.a. thich , 1m ) good article . mso spat e of ilana they hack the gut out of it . t.a . you know , they do cut the part where you predict the end of civilization . too bad . I like that part . ilana do you have my satellite package ? 25 26 16 . continued : 25 t.a. right here . good morning , by the way . from a rucksack , the t.a. remove a oversize envelope return -label " NASA . " tiana scowl at the weight of it . ilana feel light . int . llana 's office - ucla ~ day 26 start on thermographic satellite photo of the Earth , the Arctic prominent . they be scattered across llana 's desk , toss aside . useless . ilana ( into speaker phone , patience thinning ) ...no , I be say it 's incomplete . there be no chemical break -down , no broad -band chart information -- NASA man ( v.0 . ) I be sorry . that information be not available at this time ... ilana look , I be promise this information two month ago . we be not deal with national secret here -~ just routine analysis of the atmosphere . now why should -- NASA man ( v.0 . ) there 's a problem with that satellite . it 's blind to certain trace gass . ilana really ? as of when ? NASA man ( v.0 . ) I believe it lose a solar panel . some function be shut down to save energy . deeg ilana 's eye land on a tv , play soundlessly in the a7 corner . News footage show drought - thin corpse in the asige Sudan . hundred and hundred . already dead . om 26 continued : 26 tlana well , here 's the problem : I have devote my sabbatical to greenhouse trace gass . if I do not get this data , I might as well be study cow fart in Montana . NASA man ( v.o. ) I be sorry . but you will have to wait until the new satellite be in place . ilana Rice up Pen okay , what ' 's the launch date ? oe NASA man ( v.0 . } I be sorry . that information be not available at this time . ilana round and round it go . thanks for naught . she hang up .. her t.a. reappear . , oe \y t.a. niger ap ? 's luck ? ke i iw y ilana : as ww need to be a mason this day to work yd ox with NASA . it 's like one big brick 's d '' wall . } .\ in 2 of ae 27 i. she stand to think . her eye keep come back to the ghastly image play on television . ilana let 's find another way . I do not care if we beg , borrow , or hack it off someone 's computer . I need that Satan cott | ext . house # 1 - day camera follows Zane as he trudge up the front walk of a suburban house . we can not see he face , but we notice he wear common work clothes . and a tool - belt . zane a B.A. in Electrical Engineering ... Masters in astrophysics ... seven year of higher education ... and it all end like this . @ ) 's 28 29 18 . int . / ext . house # 1 ~ day 28 a unseen hand open a front door . on the porch stand zane , remade in the image of a tv repairman . it 's a sadly comic sight . zane ' Morning . I be here to fix you satellite dish . ext . service yard - " '' sky - hi satellite " - day 29 this be the service yard for " Sky - hi Satellite " -- company van , spool of coax and fiber-optic cable . Zane lean on a pay phone , tear into a band -aid . wyatt ( v.0 . ) moffet field . zane Bill Wyatt ? Zane Ziminski . wyatt ( v.o. ) oh , yeah , Zane . right . zane I know you say you would get back to I , put I feel obligate to tell you about this other job offer that come up - telecommunication . look pretty sweet , too . ( wrapping finger with band - aid ) I mean , the health plan alone ... wyatt ( v.0 . ) well , good . you should take it , Zane . because I do not think it be go to work out here . something die inside Zane . — ah ay Fei prone . zane ' really . well , I think you be look for radio astronomer ~~ some '' good creative thinker . " be not that what you say ? wyatt ( v.0 . ) Creative be one thing . too creative be another . zane I be not tracking . 29 30 31 19 . continued : 29 wyatt ( v.0 . ) ( gingerly ) not sure I should be say this , put ... I talk to phil gordian at of pl . and while he would not quite ... well , the indication be that .... zane just say it . wyatt ( v.0 . ) he say you be fake signal in order to keep you job . tw . zane 's saab - pay '' , oo 30 bit. mlunt , bit ) s/ o a black anger fester , Zane drive fast . g4 15 pabe cii : '' ss '' cte ext . guard house - JPL ~ day 31 the saab nose to a stop at the guard house . a new face -- JPL guard # 2 -- appear . Zane knuckle the parking permit still stick to he windshield . zane I know where to park . the guard nod , reach inside the booth to raise the gate . another hand stop he : it 's Guard # 1 , Lord of the parking realm . spl guard # 1 hang on . I do believe this permit have expire . ( to Zane ) get a appointment ? zane c’mon . dust open up . I all park where I be suppose to park . ipl guard # 1 ( relishing it ) well , let 's just see if they leave a " visitor " pass for you . you see anything here , chasite ?. I do not see anything here . nope , there 's nothin’ here . ( more ) 31 32 33 34 35 36 20 . continued : 31 JPL guard # 1 ( cont ’d ) ( in Zane 's face ) fall you what . dust put this swedish shitmobile into reverse and park it on the street . we will call upstairs for you . int . zane 's saab ~ day 32 do a slow burn , Zane back up -- then slam the car into first , stomp the accelerator . ext . guard house ~ JPL ~ day 33 the saab swerve the gate . jump the sidewalk . careen for the main plaza . spl guard # 1 ziminski ! int . zane 's saab — day 34 zane 's Pov : weaving around people and post like roadcone . ext . administration build - JPL - day 35 close on tire brake hard . gine bail out and charge inside . int . PRESS hall - JPL ~ day 36 the terraformer speak on stage . he 's a german - bear macro-engineer , and as such , everything about he be big -- big gesture , big gut , big idea . Big picture of Mars fill the screen behind hin . os - T ~..to raise the temperature of planet ten -fol : ns ge ts op I , i not suitable to be LED [ 1 colonization ... to copstruct farm and 8 city and build a / infrastructuré ~ capable of support thousand of colonist . make no mistake about it , ee never before have we undertake a task ses ez ene ) of this size -> the terraforming of Mars . 4 eop SE ae I ) 21 . 36 continued : 36 Hall door open . Zane appear in a blast of light . he start prowling the audience ... cut across row ... stumbling around like a bear in a campground . zane gordian ... someone say he be here ... I be look for phil gordian ...» the man on stage can not ignore it any longer . terraformer Excuse I . but perhaps you have care to use the microphone ? zane thanks . startle the man , Zane vault onto stage and commandeer the lectern . zane ( cont ’d ) gordian ? be he here ? I need to talk to phil gor ....- in the audience , one dark shape rise . gordian | fhe man be in the middle of a seminar , Zane . maybe we should step outside while -- zane do you even give it to decode ? do you even see what be there ? gordian what be we talk about ? zane the tape ! the signal ! if you / be not go to analyze it , I want my tape back ! gordian I be sorry , Zane , but ... 1 just do not know what you be refer to . a beat -- then Zane drop the mike and go for he . body intervene : the guard be here . JPL guard # 1 hey . show I how smart you be and walk away right now . before this get truly ugly . 22 . 36 continued : ( 2 ) 37 38 39 zane ( railing at gordian ) what / be you do this for ? why be you tell they lie about I ? why ? cuard haul he out the door . gordian shake he head . gordian he 's a troubled young man . very troubled . my apology . he sit , again blend with darkness . the terraformer pick up the shard of he lecture . terraformer ...80 where .... polar ice . yes , after the polar ice have be melt , the atmosphere agaj row thicker . finally a oo. jcal mass be planet 's atmosphere begin to work for we instead of against we .... ext . oro valley - day / re-establish the tracking station . '' int . tracking station — day a phone trill . a calvin xe ( answer ) Station five . zane ( v.0 . ) tell I I be not lose my fuck mind . just tell I . { traffic noise foul the line . calvin scowl . calvin Zane ? where be you ? ext . emergency call BOX — freeway ~- day Zane stand at a emergency callbox on the freeway . he 's hot - wire the phone inside . 36 i be point , the g-(0 ses . 39 23 . 39 continued : 39 zane they be act like it never happen . I just see gordian , and it 's like we never give he any tape . intercutting : calvin listen , Zane -~ zane but then I remember . it should still be on the backup dat system . we still get a copy of the signal , right ? calvin well , yes and no ....- he look over he shoulder at two grey-suited man -- the d.o.d. guy . they be confiscate station log , computer print-out . calvin ( cont ‘d ) ( shield he voice ) there 's some d.o.d. guy here go through we stuff . apparently it be a burst from a spy satellite . zane what ? calvin it 's a defense thing , Zane . which be probably why gordian could not tell you about it . we be not clear for this spy shit . zane Cal , Cal , Cal . listen to I very carefully . satellite do not move like star move . we track the thing in sidereal time , okay ? in star time . now I do not know who this guy be -- but I do know they be lie to you . Little hair start dance on Cal 's neck . he do a slow - turn to check on the man ... and one be right there , right in he face . d.o.d . # 1 be this everything ? 24 . 39 continued : ( 2 ) 39 zane Cal . if you have not tell they about the backup system -- do not . tight on calvin . he 's take heat from both side and not handle it well . d.o.d . # 1 do we have it all ? zane do not tell they , Cal . do not you fuck dare . calvin ( to d.o.d. guy ) there 's a backup system . 40 ext . freeway ~ day 40 as Zane do a wardance of frustration . 41 ext . station house ~ oro valley — day @® start on box of confiscate material , pile inside a car trunk . the trunk slam close . o. calvin watch from the station house as the d.o0.d. guy start to leave . he rally he courage for one parting shot : calvin so if this be a spy bird ... why be it move like a star ? the d.o.d. guy exchange look . p.o.d . # 1 not really sure . we will have to get back to you on that . they leave . hold on calvin -- wishing he have never ask the question . 42 int , brokerage house - day 42 Electronic ticker board . among this suspender - and - tie world , we find char work a phone . 42 continued : 25 . 42 char ... it 's a very aggressive company . and with the federal mandate for * airbag , they be perfectly position . sermsh to domi year to ' yidlenurl come . ( '' blade Technologies reli a utenaven send you a pro 7 put t° lem . c — shing ! y cd VIM ee hitt to she double - take as Zane appear . telepathically , he order she off the phone . she hang char call you back , Doug ? five minute . thanks . up . zane so I get this signal . this signal from a f-class star , just like we sun but a little hotter , okay ? first , they act like it 's nothing . but now , now they be go to unimaginable pain to make it disappear . Zane ? I think you have a new job . zane something 's go on here , char . T mean , why would they do that ? what be it they be try to hide ? char maybe we can talk about this later , huh ? zane cu , 2 kas 1 want to talk now . he hammer she desk . she stare dagger , let he know she will not tolerate a scene here . zane ( cont ’d ) ( ease up ) I call last night . twice . char I get the message . 42 continued : 26 . ( 2 ) 42 zane well , I think the problem be I be not around enough . but now that I be -- you be not . what be this ? tale from the darkside ? char I guess I have be avoid this . zane ( see red flag ) define '' this . " char the brokerage be strongly suggest that I head up the office in San Diego . soon . it have mean movin I for a numb beat . strive for calm : xtra ' d zane cp okay . can you just say " no " ? char oh , thank you , Zane . zi tell you I will support any career decision you make , put when it come to I and my work -~ zane you be actually considerin this ? a co- worker appear , a alarmingly handsome guy - he lay a hand on char 's backside . ' co- worker char ? kinsey on line five . ne char ( to Zane ) I gotta take this . zane wait . by any chance , be he go to San Diego ? char ( bugge ) zane ? why do not you stick you paranoia back in you pants and get out of here . 1/11 call you . zane okay . Fine . no problem . when ? 42 continued : ( 3 ) 27 . char whenever I get to it . zane Tuesday ? Wednesday ? am ? pm ? ge. _ char oon 43 int . bait - zane 's house - night 44 bath in the light of a droning television , Zane sleep in a barcalounger , cat toy strewn on he chest . phone ring . lurching awake , Zane knock over a chinese checker board . Marbles bounce everywhere . zan . ie yeah . I be here . hello ? a dial tone greet he . confused , Zane look at the television -- where a late-night movie character speak into a phone . it be the tv that ring . aw , man..ee he check the clock . Midnight . she never call : ext . backyard - zane ' S a lonely tableau : Zane stand like a sta upturn , eye train cosmos . zane house - night cliwe on one particular corner of the zane right now ... they could be talk to we right now it 's too much to bear : his knee turn to taffy and he hit the ground . this be it . rock bottom . we figure it can not get any worse for zane sprinklers sputter on . until ... zane laugh blackly as he take the soaking . it 's like the whole world be pissing on hin . he get up and sloshes home satellite dish . a wild - ass idea . a array ? for the house ~~ but stop near a he stare as a idea take shape . zane 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 28. continued : ay oblivious to the sprinkler , Zane hurry to the rear fence and check a neighbor 's yard . there 's another dish there . zane a phase array . --- ext . front porch ~ house # 2 - day ( a5 ) ( note : scene 45 - 58 constitute a fast - cutting montage that show Zane put he idea into action . punchy music throughout . ) a unseen hand open a front door . on the porch stand Zane , dress in '' Sky - hi " work clothes . zane ' Morning . I be with you local satellite company ...-. int . radio shack - day 46 as Zane busy a armload of electronics -~ patch cord , analog-digital converter , coax , sidereal - time motor . ext . front porch ~ house # 3 ~ day . zane ( cont ’d ) .s. and for a limited time , we be offer a free upgrade for a totally automated , fiber-optic control system ... ext . service yard - " sky - hi satellite " ~ day 48 as Zane swipe a fiber-optic spool . ext . front porch ~ house # 4 * day ( 49 xs zane ( cont ‘d ) ... again , at no charge to you . just another way in which we be improve service to we value customer . homeowner what if I be happy the way it be ? zane I ' 11 unscramble the Disney Channel for 20 buck . 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 29 , continued : cay homeowner sold . ext . yard - house # 4 - day ey as Zane install a new driver - motor on a home dish . int . '' sky - hi " service van ~ day by close on a map of the service area , lie on the front seat of the van . connect dot form a '' y " pattern . technical note abound . driving , Zane pull into another driveway . ext . phone pole - day ( 33 as Zane string fiber- optic cable up a phone pole , tapping into a box there . : , ext . zane 's garage - day { 53 ) box ... bike part ... billiard stick : all sort of junk come raining down on the back yard . camera crane up toa second - story garage window where we find ... stage int . attic - zane 's garage - day Zane . he 's jettison year of clutter from the garage y , attic . in quick cu ! we see he : '' oo atching , a hole in the roof ... non see p patch , a hole in the roof ..+ 7 72/0 add halogen light ... sweep and mop the attic ... tack up anti-static visquine ... installing equipment rack ... on ext . zane 's garage - day ( 55 and unload equipment from he saab . on he way into the garage , Zane toss a wave to . Old Mrs. Roosevelt next door she 's peek through a window with " Neighborhood watch " sticker . 56 57 58 59 60 30 . ext . various phone pole ~ day 6 's ) as Zane run more and more fiber-optic . ext . various yard ~ day g7 , as Zane modify more and more dish . int . attic ~ zane 's garage ~ day ger as Zane drive a nail to hang the brown quote : '' a man 's reach should exceed he grasp , or else what 's Heaven for ? " dissolve to : ext . zane 's house - night 63 ) the house sit under a bright canopy of star . stage int . attic - zane 's garage - night ea start on Zane . from a small tank , he dispense liquid helium , add it to a cool jacket around the low - noise amp . draw back to reveal mixer , ;~ converter , analyzer ~~ all stack to the rafter . this be it . his new tracking station . close as a " system temperature " read - out plummet : 80 degree ...30...720 ...- 70...7120...7170 ..-- 230 , and there it level off . gine fire up power supplies . light begin cycle , computer begin glow -- and Zane watch it all like a kid watch a giant train set . but then ... a noise turn Zane around . where be it ? outside ? flatten to the wall , Zane sneak up on a window . and just as he look out ... someone look in . zane ( recoil ) sens he spill downstairs ... garame sef D 31 . 61 ext , zane 's garage ~- night ( sy ... and push outside . kiki hang upside - down in a tree , foot snag in a crook . he 's a 12 - year - old black kid . apparentiy he just fall . zane what be you do here and how soon can you leave ? kiki hey , what be you doin’ here ? zane I live here , you mind ? kiki I mind you grabbin 's on I . leggo. leggo ..-- zane I be try to get you down . kiki I can do it myself . gine back off . the kid squirm in vain . give up and give zane you live next door now ?.. be that it ? with Mrs. Roosevelt ? . kiki I " live " in L.A. just stayin 's here templike . zane well , I do not want anybody nosin’ around here . . kiki hey , if I be gunna steal you stuff , jit have be over and do , okay ? zane what do you know about my stuff ? and what the hell you doin 's climb tree at one in the morning , anyway ? you should be out tagging freeway sign , or something . on try to free himself , kiki fold he arm Zane a cold upside - down stare . kiki I do not gotta tell you shit . 32 . a '' 61 continued : ( ev zane Fine . hang there all night . kiki hey ! where you goin 's ? gemme down outta here ! Zane do . in some pain , the boy rub he ankle . zane I be wait . kirt X just climb up there to get closer . never see so many of ‘em pefore ... y' know , from l.a . zane what be you talk about ? never see what ? cou ) alle hi kiki pave ? fns the star . I just want to get ar0 mao wat closer to all they star . gine shrink visibly . it 's the one thing the boy could have say to completely disarm he . : zane how 's that leg ? . stace 62 int . attic ~ hanen garage - night 2 - vint [ tell yur fs kiki ik clasp what 's that thing there ? —= zane : ~ pewenoise amp . do not touch . kiki >? and what 's this blinky shit here ? - . Zane roll he eye : he 's try to get a ice pack on the boy 's foot , but kiki keep pop up to inspect equipment . lhe . se th-akg ml would you just sit here and hold this ? kiki | do not want that thing . t+ scold . 33 . 62 continued : ( ) 63 64 65 66 zane well , just keep you butt down , you LA sti foot up , and you mouth shut . " you can at 7 watch , but do not touch anything . eee kiki I be not gunna . shit . Zane sit at he laptop . enter " control array " mode . peck out coordinate on the keyboard . yy , ( yw 7 siuig ok ( a ) ext . various yard - night 63 ) quick shot : a half - dozen satellite dish begin move in syncopation , the eerie dance choreograph by Zane 's unseen hand . ste int , attic - zane 's garage ~ night a schematic of the array appear on Zane 's computer : it 's the " y¥ " pattern we have see before . kiki edge closer . kiki what nre all they dot ? zane they be satellite dish . each one . you string enough of they together , and you make one big radio antenna . basically . kiki so what 's it do ? zane ( a beat ) it let you get close to the star . ext . various yard - night 6 one by one , the dish lock onto they target . int . attic - hanen garage - night Le Zane hit " combine array information . " he swivel to a new monitor as a thin spectrum appear , integrate . zane fry a calibration check here .... 66 continued : kiki 34 . a see if you get " k - bump . " 92.9 . Zane tweak out some bug , then flip on the audio . over the speaker , swim through light static , we hear a it bring a grin of success . forlorn beeping . zane greeting from beyond the solar that 's voyager if . systen . kiki whazzat ? zane what year be you bear ? 783 . kiki Zane wince , feel ancient . zane " voyager " be a planetary probe launch in mid-70' . do not they teach science in school anymore ? kiki too busy checkin’ we for gun . zane ( concerned ) they find one on you ? not not , kiki just everyone else . that 's how come the folk want I outta L.A. crazy shit goin 's on . cw | come . 197 67 ext . various yard - night dish realign . watch a piroue Victrola dog . in one yard , tting dish . rt eb a family dog cock its head , we be remind of the rca 68 int . attic - hanen garage ~ night 68 close on the spectrascope . it show baseline static . -~ 35 . 68 continued : 68 zane ( 0.s. ) so this be the star , " Wolf -336 . " we check the spectra ... at different magnification . .. look for anything unusual ..-. it 's later . still mesmerize , kiki have worm he way closer to the action . Zane seem to abide it : in fact , it 's kind of nice to have someone here in the small hour of night . zane ( cont ‘d ) fitrme '' but all we find , unfortunately , be flo 8 hot the typical radio noise of a f-class star . . — kiki si aee but you talk to ’em before , huh ? coubnao the alien ? this channel ? zane this star , this frequency . but we can not really talk . see , it take year for a radio wave to get here . so we really just listen . kiki but what have they say ? before ? zane maybe how to live forever ... how to make nuclear power safe ... or hey , maybe they be just order out for pizza . ( off kiki 's look ) see , we will not really know what they be say , not at first . but that do not make it any less important . if I can confirm this signal ~~ if we can find it again -~ then we will finally know we be not alone . that 's why we call it " the shockwave " -~ because it 'il just shatter all this pious bullshit notion we have about ourselves be the center of the universe ... about be create " in God 's own image . " oh , yeah , kiki -- there 's other people out there . and they be gonna be stranger than we can ever imagine . duly awed , kiki turn to the window and peer up at the night star . 68 69 70 71 i continued : ( 2 ) a kiki wonder what they be gunna look like ...- ext . residential STREET - day @ ) early morning . a old pickup motor down a quiet street . a door of the truck read simply ngardeneng . '' 4 - 210 " . 5 apais , the truck park . two gardener get out . though they clothes be different , we recognize they as the d.o.d. guy ( from scene 39 ) . int , bedroom ~ cal 's house - day Z close on a digital clock . at 7:00 , a alarm bleat . in bed , Cal make a blind grope for it . but he hand can not find the clock . soon another hand enter frame to kill the alarn . calvin 's eye open . " who do that ? " he roll onto he back to find ... the two gardener . stand over he bed . ext . zane 's house — day md dress for work , Zane ease out the kitchen door like a sleep - deprivation patient . it take supreme concentration not to spill he coffee . he jock up the house and turn for the garage ... and run into a seven - foot man . coffee go fly . but it 's only kiki , mess around on stilt . mr kiki pomiolt gunna try again ? tonight ? 's if you be , I could wait up and sorta , you ' know ...maybe ... help some this time . Zane peer next door . Mrs. Roosevelt be see , water a brown lawn . zane do not tell anybody about we little clubhouse , do you ? kiki a qd ibind [ bei onl tos ) ? 37 . 71 continued : 71 72 73 74 zane well , what about you grandma ? she do not care if you be out at night ? kiki not after 10 o'clock . zane what happen at 10 ? kiki she pass out on nyquil . zane tell you what . whenever I be up there , you can come over . but only if you get the proper i.d . kiki so where I get that at ? int . attic - hanen garage - night 6 start on a tacky label - gun badge . it reas ... 2 - 8 ) wriki " . a signal Detection team ~ / wider to find kiki perch on a crate-chair , buffi he new badge as Zane fire up the tracking station . zane ; ( Control Voice ) é " phere be nothing wrong with you television set . do not attempt to adjust the picture . we be control reception .... " ext . various yard - night ' @ as the satellite dish begin they nocturnal ballet . int . attic - zane 's garage - night kiki i hey , Zane ? what about I ? huh ? t when can I do somethin’ ? zane '' okay . hit that key . '' 38 . '' op net -ss 74 continued : 2 ' kiki what one ? zane that one . kiki this one here ? the one right under my finger ? : , gimme you badge . you be fire . kiki I ' ll' do it . — he press the computer key like someone lighting e a' Bu Tree , Christmas tree at rockefeller center. isle ? sipe all as Zane 4 4 $ 5 watch the new spectra appear . kiki not , so what 's it gonna look like ? this shockwave deal ? zane just a spike . kiki Big one or little one ? zane fairly big . ( glance over shoulder ) yeah , sort of like .... he do a killer ~ take : —- somethin from the baseline static . / instantly Zane slap switch , roll . g-recorder and activate speaker . the attic fill , with a otherwordly squeal . eee 75 ext . various yard ~ night £ 5 ) dutch angle on the dish array . the shockwave continue . 39 . - 76 int , attic ~ zane 's garage ~ night ee Zane switch over to 3 - D waveform display : we see the signal rippling and pulsing demonically . zane this be it ... this be the exact same thing that .... but now interference . the 3 - D waveform go haywire . the interference clarifies into music -~ salsa music . kiki and Zane swap look . '' what the hell ? " they listen a few more second . then ... close on the waveform . falling flat . close on the spectrascope . only a baseline . close on the speaker . only a numbing hiss . 77 ext . various yard ~ night gy where cricket chirp peacefully . 78 int . attic - zane 's garage ~ night 7b kiki ~ and I do not touch nuthin’ , okay ? confused , Zane rewind the tape-recorder and replay the shockwave signal . zane same thing . same signature , same periodicity .... ( with a scowl ) only what the hell be .... again , salsa music . kiki what 's this lambada shit ? zane it 's a bounce . a radio wave that , wv kick off the inversion layer a , bleed in through the side of the . system .. godfuckittohell . red lee i Sf '' kiki va it 's comin’ from Earth ? a lhe 40 . 78 continued : 78 now word bleed through : it 's a spanish - speak radio announcer , give call - letter : radio announcer ( v.o. ) ..-x -m-r-s-l , San marsol . zane 7 some mexican radio station on the same frequency ... tell we where the bounce to come from , but ...-. ay kiki st . '' ting ) . but it 's / bogu all of it ? a } mult ( 09 rant os 2 ( glk mce 2 wait asec . the first signal be ste on mla definitely sky-base ~~ we verify it . but this one be earth-base .... ( back up ) { two identical signal ... one come from space , the other from Earth .... he drop into a chair , rub he woeful head . zane ( cont / D ) I be all screw up here . do not make sense ... - it hit he like a triple espresso . zane ( cont ’d ) unless they be talk . kiki hey . last night you be tellin’ I how we can not -~ zane not in real time , no . but nothing wrong with swapping information -~- a two - lane radio highway through space . inbound , outbound . you see ? kiki whaddya mean ? someone beat we ? someone in tacoville find we alien ? zane well , either that , or ...- ( a beat ) or , I suppose it could mean that .... 78 79 bo 81 82 83 41 . continued : ( 2 ) 78 the universe rearrange in he mind . suddenly he 's on he foot , move for the stair . zane Cal . I gotta talk to Cal . int . zane 's saab ~ night zane 's Pov : driving dark residential street . we turn a corner -- and a explosion of emergency light greet we . ext . calvin 's house ~ night 80 Police car . firetruck . neighbor mull in bathrobe . vy ( oy Wide -ey , Zane exit he car . '' a ambulance be close up - Zane hop police tape to get ere . he press he face to the rear window and see / .. int . ambulance - night ee S be sys calvin . his skin a lifeless blue . Te 81 82 ext . calvine house ~ night the ambulance whelp away . Zane just stand there , rip . in snatch of dialog : neighbor something about a bad heater ... carbon monoxide ... how long be in there ... terrible accident , just terrible .... dissolve to : ext . n- car - day 83 building stand like sandstone periscope at the foot of the Rocky Mountains . super this : national CENTER for atmospheric research boulder , colorado | 42 . 84 int . workstation - n-car - day 84 close on a computer screen . a historical sequence model be be run for " greenhouse trace gass . " a half - dozen spot dilate across the Earth 's mid-section -~ first yellow ... then amber ... then bright red . disturbingly , they look like bleed wound . n-car man ... huge concentration of trace gas here in the Central Mexico ... the yucatan ... ecuador ... Brazil .... ilana " 700 percent " increase over the last five year ? how can that be ? stand behind a computer technician , ilana and the n-car man trade look . n-car man my very question . just how accurate be this database you send we , ilana ? ilana hard to say . we cobble it together from ground station , balloon reading , and uncle Earl 's aching corn . some of you own number in there . n-car man no satellite data ? ilana NASA 's bird have a bum wing . n-car man well , you have obviously get some ratty data . tlana ( not so sure ) we check it as best we could ... - ( a beat , then to computer technician ) can you run I a futurecast ? say ten year , assume the same increase ? the man keystroke . momentarily a new sequence appear ~~ and we watch the red wound row ... and grow ... and grow . the whole Earth be hemorrhage before we eye . b4 85 b86 87 43. continued : 84 t better be wrong . accord 's , we be look at a increase & degree Celsius over the next decade . and that 's just ...- ilana catastrophic . n-car man xz be go to say " impossible " -- but yeah . that too . ilana look again at the image of the bleed Earth . the nearest wound originate in Central Mexico . dissolve to : ext . runway ~ mexican airport - day 85 as a commuter plane land . int . mexican airport ~ day 86 deplane passenger move through . a obstacle course of vendor sell Panama hat and tortoise - shell goods - one vendor ~~ the skeleton man -~ hawk small hand - carve skeleton and coffin . he chatter they at ... Zane . he sidestep and keep move . ext . mexican airport ~ day 87 emerging from the terminal , Zane set down he duffle and palm sweat off he forehead . cabbie you come to see the ruin , my friend ? I take you to some much very good place . move quick , the cabbie sling Zane 's duffle into he ttaxil -- a vw bug . Zane follow he luggage . ex 2 ane just head for town . => ( get il shi when 's it start to cool off down here , anyway ? 87 continued : mt 44 . ed 87 cabbie in San marsol ? // this be " cool off . " 88 int . vw taxi - day 88 , start on a collage of photo . face of a Latin family -~ father , mother , a glut of kid . cabbie ( 0.s. ) ... and this be Roberto , francisca , clarita , miguel , consuelo ... wider , we find the photo plaster to the headliner of this , the sistine Chapel of taxi cab . give more attention to he family than he drive : cabbie ( cont ’d ) ... miguelito -- little miguel -- ah , here be Chu - Chu -- and , of course , Teresa , mis esposa . oh , and jorge . — — __ how can I forget ? Little jorge .... close on a note that Zane unpocket : '' " x-m-r-s-l -- San '' marsol -~ - 207< 5 - mz. " - '' to . '' ( c7 % ket — cabbie wear town , there be a t¥éée with the face of Jesus on it . and from the eye , juice come . like it be cry . you want to see the cry Jesus tree ? Zane click on the car radio , fuzze through the dial . he stop at 107.5 . strangely , there 's only static . zane this dial right ? cabbie . _ right , leave -~ both way . ns lg be | fhe cabbie do not understand . Zane try again to tune in the station , but it 's just not there . zane ( show paper ) this radio station . you know where it be ? cabbie oh , very far . not close to town . 88 bo 90 91 45 . continued : 88 zane let 's go there . cabbie the cry tree be more good . zane the radio station . I need to talk to the people there . . ext . radio station - day 89 tilt down on a tower antenna , revealing the call letter " NY -m-r-s - L. " at ground - level , we find the char ruin of the radio station , still smolder . firemen rake out hot-spot . gine take it all in with troubled eye . finish talk to a bystander , the cabbie move back to zane . cabbie accidente , he say . but no person be here -- gracias a dios -~ when the fire come last night . zane too late ...- cabbie como ? zane one day too late . ext . HOTEL # 1 - san marsol - late day 90 the taxi park in front of a shocking pink hotel . cabbie " posada San marsol . " one of we much very best hotel . zane give the hotel a once -over . it 's the kind of place where the roach have fleas . int . zane ‘s room ~ HOTEL # 1 «= ~ late day 91 a latina maid brushes a small brown scorpion off the ceiling , readying the room for ... 91 92 93 94 '' shockwave , " revised 8/17/95 , pink 46 . continued : 91 Zane . sweating , he reach to open the balcony door . the doorknob and spindle come off in he hand . he get it open somehow ... ext . balcony ~ HOTEL # 1 - late day 92 ... and step out onto the balcony . the view overlook rooftop . small satellite dish be visible . zane you see this thing ? maid como ? zane { the tv dish ? alli ? and alli ? maid oh , si , si . '' antenna parabolica . " zane do you know any big one here ? maid " Big " ... zane not small like that . but big. 50 , 60 foot wide . biiiiig . maid oh , no. nada " big " en San marsol . nada . int . zane 's room - HOTEL # 1 =- late day 93 gine click on the room radio . he tune in the static at 107.5 ~~ and crank it up , monitoring the frequency . the may give he a crazy - gringo look on she way out . int . / ext . zocalo cafe ~ san marsol - night 94 night be still hot . local jam outdoor cafe around the zocalo , drink beer or coffee with milk , dinging there cup for refill . a vendor sell skeleton marionette chatter past ... gine . wearing walkman headphone . reading map over ( xx ) empty dinner plate . he look twice at the skeleton man , now retreate . " have not I see he before ? " oe ske EI jaume 94 95 96 97 98 47 . continued : 94 shrugge it off , Zane stand and dig for money , ready to pay for dinner . but now he notice ... a blonde woman . seat nearby , she study she own map . hiking short and timberline boot -~ probably a american . not drop -dead gorgeous like char . but there 's something about she that keep Zane look . something independent . brazen . now they eye touch . Zane consider invite himself over : it would be a natural thing to do -- two compatriot in a foreign land . share a beer . some laugh . maybe even a bed . yeah , that sure would be nice ... but Zane drop he money on the table and leave . that 's not why he come to Mexico . ilana Green go back to she read . int . zane 's room ~ HOTEL # 1 - night 95 in the bathroom , a old ball~ and ~ claw tub fill with water . Zane unpack . the room radio plays static . presently , out a window , Zane notice ... a man . he stand on a dark balcoriy across the street . be he just outside smoking ? or be he watch we ? ext . HOTEL # 1 - night 96 watcher 's Pov : of Zane drop a window blind . int . zane 's bathroom — HOTEL # 1 - night 97 Zane shut off the tub and start to strip . presently footfalls . he look up to track ... ghost feet across the ceiling . they stop right overhead . water squeak on . expose pipe rattle as someone start to fill the tub upstairs . int . zane 's bathroom ~ HOTEL # 1 «- night 98 Minutes later . Zane be splay out in the tub , phone to he ear , listen to junk message on he home machine . message # 1 be someone from work , wonder if he 's sick . 48 . 98 continued : 98 presently a drip hit he face . Zane open one eye to consider ... the ceiling . the drip come from a hairline crack . zane '' phe much very best hotel .... " with simian dexterity , he adjust knob with he foot , topping off the tub . message # 2 play . fed by the ceiling crack , a rivulet of water run down a side wall . soon water be sheet down . but Zane be oblivious , he attention devote now to message # 3 : char ( v.0 . ) I call this morning . just do not leave a message . you there now ? ( a beat ) well ... I guess I do not get back to you that night because I be mad . I get so tired of be question , Zane -- about even the kasic thing . and maybe I be feel some guilt , too , for steering you away from what you should be do ... what you love the most . but you be such a ass the last time we talk .... ( a beat ) damn , can not remember if this machine let you ramble -- so I better just admit this quick : I miss you weird paranoid brain . cali when you can . ( a beat ) where be you , Zane ? a hangup . the voice be melancholy yet invite , and it get to Zane . he blow a sigh , reach over the side of the tub to cradle the phone -- and frown . Water be pool on the floor . Zane double-check ... the crack in the ceiling . it 's triple in size . Zane erupt from the tub just as ... the whole ceiling collapse and ... a second tub crash - land into the bathroom . porcelain explode . . a- window shatter . a wave of water roll Zane right out the bathroom door ... 49 . 98 continued : ( 2 ) 98 and dump he in the bedroom . zane Jesus fuckme Christ .... somewhere a woman be scream . Zane inch back to the bathroom . both tub be go , replace by a yawn hole in Zane 's floor . below , aa nude woman scream insanely : there 's another hole in she floor . the wreckage of three tub lie in the ground - floor bathroom . gine look up . through the ceiling hole he see ... a wall mirror . in it , we see the reflection of a man try to look down without show he face . it 's the skeleton man . they eye meet . suddenly the mirror be empty . ghost feet sprint across the ceiling . 99 int . hallway - HOTEL # 1 =- night ~ 9 . , Shee . pa running into he pante , Zane charge into the hallway . 7 tee he find the door to the stair -- just as someone blur 's wo past the door window . d hho ety '' cm / 100 int . stairwell ~ HOTEL # 1 - night sbd fta bez 100 year - mee Zane push into the dark stairwell . stumble down the step . crashes into store cot . sling they away and keep go . Hit the ground - floor door ... 201 ext . alley behind HOTEL # 1 - night 101 ... and bang outside . < — lod ext . STREET - san marsol - night a — — 102 start on a giant skeleton , seemingly float on air . tilt down to reveal a " Day of the Dead " procession . townspeople carry gift to the cemetery as minstrel play [ a dirge . the float skeleton be a papier - mache creation ! hold aloft by fishing pole . ee camera pick up the skeleton man as he try to blend with the procession , glance over he shoulder at ... 50 . 102 continued : 102 gine . weaving . jumping . try to keep sight of ... the skeleton man . he break from the parade . 103 ext . side STREET - san marsol ~ night 103 toe '' running , the skeleton man take a corner wide . | step behind , Zane round the same corner ... i and plow into a qang of ghoul . ya Zane recoil hard . the ghoul laugh at he : they be only costume figure , product of some Halloween / Day of the Dead interbreed . os a Zane punch through the ghouls|and spy ... the skeleton man . vanish down a alley . 104 ext . BOX alley - san marsol - night 104 the skeleton man slow to a stop . furtively , he look for a way out -- but find sheer wall surround he . now Zane catch up . he 's breathe like a race horse . zane so just who the hell be you ? no response . he close in cautiously . zane ( cont ' D ) I see you in town . I see you at the airport . you be wait for I . you know I be -~- a door open . Zane whirl to see two men exite a puild . and in that moment of distraction ... the skeleton man do the impossible : with a eerie bony SOUND , he knee unlock and bend backwards . he crouch low on double-jointed leg ... 105 ext . rooftop ~ san marsol - night 105 ... and spring straight up to catch the parapet of a two-story building . it be not a jump . it be a vertical take - off . 106 alo ? 107 108 109 '' shockwave , " revised 8/17/95 , pink 51 . ext , BOX alley - san marsol ~ night 106 Zane turn back -- and find himself alone . a scraping SOUND lead he eye to ... the rooftop . the skeleton man claw he way over the parapet and disappear . zane ( stunne ) how . «++ he search for the fire escape , the ladder , the fence that must have be use . but there 's nothing . there 's no human way the skeleton man could have escape . dissolve to : ext . omnitech road - day Al q7 ( X ) start close on a long velcro strap be tear off a ( X ) equipment bag . ( X ) high - angle : Quick -inflate , a weather balloon leap out ( X ) of the bag and streak past camera . it carry a small {x ) radio package . ( X ) ilana watch she balloon rise . ~.. ( X ) ext , mexican highway - day 107 a armadillo sunbathes on a highway that bisect dense jungle . suddenly a jeep slashes by , nearly run it over . int . / ext . rental jeep ~ day 108 gine drive the rental Jeep . he listen to static over ( X ) he headphone . reaching a overlook , he pull to the {x ) shoulder , slip off the headphone . { X ) ext . san marsol overlook ~ day 109 ° below lie the town of San marsol . Zane scan with a ( x ) monocular but come up empty . ( X ) t zane where do you hide a 20 - meter dish ? '' shockwave , " revised 8/17/95 , pink 511a . 109 continued : the headphone go back on as he turn for the Jeep -~ but now he hear a crackling interference . Zane check ... the walkman dial . it 's where it should be =~ 107 . 7 '' now Zane spot the power line overhead , the source of pe interference . . zane ; ( realize ) power . they need power . ! 10 ext . power -line road ~ day the headphone crackle as ... I ' Zane a@rive , follow the power line . soon the power line separate from the road , disappear over a rise . Zane stop and get out . camera push past Zane as he climb a rise to find ... ( % ) ( x ) ( % ) 110 ( X ) ( x ) ( X ) 211 112 113 114 115 " shockwave , " revised 8/17/95 , pink 52 . ext . omnitech complex - day lil a modern industrial complex , situate improbably amid wilderness . at the core of the complex be a power plant , smokestack off -gassing . the voltage line terminate here . ext . power ~ line road / omnitech complex - day 112 ( X ) Zane scan with he monocular . ( X ) monocular Pov : panning the face of the main building , ( X ) dropping down to reveal a circular courtyard -~ and a ( X ) curious bit of modern sculpture there . ( X ) int . / ext . rental jeep — day 113 gine drive downhill . but around a bend he come upon ( X ) a altercation at roadside : ilana be be roust by ( x ) uniform guard . she 's tug -of - warring with they over ( X ) some equipment -~- and lose the war . { X ) ext . omnitech road ~ day 1214 zane hey . hey . no one hear . he jump from the Jeep and wedge in . zane c'mon , ease up , ease up .... now the guard notice he . spanish word spit in he face . hand begin slapping he body , patting he down . Zane resist -- and suddenly pistol appear under he nose . and ilana 's . zane hey , americano , americano .... unimpress , the guard push Zane into they truck , bang he head in the process . ilana be shove in behind , she gear confiscate . the guard load up and blast down the road , pass ... ( X ) a security gate . " no trespassing " in both English and ( X ) Spanish . another sign read '' omnitech industries . " ( X ) int . security room - omnitech complex — day 115 through a window , we see guard confer mos with a plain - clothes security woman . she sift through tlana 's equipment . " shockwave , " revised 8/17/95 , pink 53. 115 continued : 115 wider to find Zane and ilana inside a airless roon . Zane nurse a head wound . * — _ jan fire '' gias ses ape ) ilana well , I feel compel to say two thing -~- " thank you , " and " that be a really asinine stunt . " we could have both be shot . zane " you be welcome , " and '' you be right . " ilana do not I see you in town last oa zane ( nodd ) ,. Zane Ziminski . put sel 19 gd fypeo p29 arvyge 17 biz ilana Green . caso why be they roust you ? ilana something about my gear . they do not like . zane what be that stuff ? den . cleave ilana ( dismissively } it 's technical . zane some kind of ( radiosome / sampling ? for atmospheric ( X ) she look at he with new ilana that 's right . that ' 's exactly right . just who be -~ the Security woman ) enter . she 's uncommonly reserve for a latina . ole security woman ( with accent ) the equipment . it be mark with the letter " n-c - a - R . " this be .... 54 . 115 continued : ( 2 ) 115 ilana National Center for atmospheric Research . security woman and this be you place of work ? ilana it 's borrow equipment . I live and work in California . security woman and the nature of you research ? ilana geoscience . can I ask what we have do wrong ? security woman just a moment . you first name -~ with a " I " or a " a " ? ilana " 7 . " ilana . ilana Green . 116 hidden -camera Pov : om 116 rapid-fire , ilana 's face appear in panoramic thermograph . biographical data be access . ..cross~checked...updated ... and dispatch . it all happen in mere second . 117 int . security room —- omnitech complex - day 117 security woman thank you . her attention turn to Zane . zane Zane 2Ziminski . security woman yes . we know who you be . a blinkless beat . how could they know ? security woman ( cont ’d ) you wallet . it be drop in the road outside . ( to both ) and you be travel together ? 117 continued : 55 . 117 ilana no . we just meet . security woman I see . two Americans ...strangers ...- here at the same time . a coincidence , I suppose . zane and ilana trade look , beginning to wonder if it really be a coincidence . smiling abruptly , the woman return Zane 's wallet . gener I wish to apologize to you both . elite security woman ( cont 'd ) we have overnreact in this matter . as for you equipment , it appear to be ruin . if you leave I a lecal number , I will see that you be repaid . itlana sr do y / fewer wait a second . why be we detain ? why do that man take my gear in the Z first place ? ( oe of security woman you be on private land . ilana but be not this a public utility ? and why be I accost like that in the first place ? - security woman please understand this be a new type of power station -- and with new technology come that who would try to steal it . you be stayin San marsol , yes ? = 7 — F tlana d fo2n what do you mean by '' new type " ? you gavatal 7 '' still burn fossil fuel , do not you ? . '' lghl ) ne security woman but with great efficiency . very few emission . 4 tlana V. die 's what kind of emission be you speak of ? a 117 118 " shockwave , " revised 8/17/95 , pink 56 . continued : ( 2 ) 117 during , Zane 's eye wander to the window . the guard be split up . one man turn to camera and startles we : it 's gordian -- or at least some latino twin . the man 's hair and complexion be darker , but the face be dead - nut identical . ee security woman I be no expert in this matter = , 0.5 - unlike yourself . jo you wis . be rr or the equipment ? perhaps if you be to leave a phone number .... Zane stand , pull ilana away . zane call it a push . c‘’mon . ext . MAIN build ~ omnitech complex - day 118 ( X ) trailed by gordian # 2 and other guard , Zane and ilana exit the building and cross the courtyard . as they pass ( X ) the modern sculpture : ( X % ) ilana '' ( glance back ) ... well ... they say there 's 4 twin for everyone in the world . zane no . that / s. not it . tlana look , you rell the genetic dice often enough , eventually they 's 11 land on top ef each other . zane no , ilana . that 's not it . they reach they car , bring here . Zane pause for one last look at gordian # 2 -~ and that curious sculpture . ( X ) the zane ( cont ’d ) follow I back to town . and do not make any stop . hold on gordian # 2 , watch with vapid curiosity as Zane and ilana leave . 119 120 121 122 57 . match CUT to : ext . commercial hothouse ~ day 119 gordian # 1 . stepping out of a Ford Taurus . int . commercial hothouse - day 120 start on temperature / humidity control . read-outs be in the triple-digit range . briefcase in hand , gordian make he way through this commercial hothouse , brim with orchid and other b wll tropical plant . soon he locate ... ce nell op 4 the two gardener ( a.k.a . " D.0.D. guy " ) . though it 's stiflingiy hot in here , all three man seem comfortable . gordian oy ( hand over paper ) - _ T understand you do residential work . ° I have get a weed problem I be hope you can help I with . / here 's the address . make no other arrangement , gordian leave . gardener # 1 check the address as he partner open the priefcase leave behind . Inside he find ... a compact steel box . carefully , gardener # 2 throw the latch on the box and lift out ... a sphere of burnish copper . no larger than a tennis ball , it could be take for a child 's plaything -- if only it be not so precisely machine . ext . kiki ‘s house ~ day kiki sweep the driveway while rollier - blading , blend work and play seamlessly . soon he toe-brake , notice ... a pickup truck in Zane 's driveway . curious , kiki skate closer . ext . zane 's house ~ day 122 gardener # 1 exit the side door of the garage , kill the light , lock the door . turn , he see ... kiki . watch hin . 122 123 124 125 126 127 " shockwave , " revised 8/17/95 , pink 58 . continued : the man smile a greeting , pick up he leaf -blower . kiki 's eye slide between the gardener and the garage . how do he get in ? do Zane give he a key ? ext . front porch - kiki be house ~- day from the screen door : mrs . roosevelt ( call ) kiki ? when you be do out there , need you to run to the store .... ext . zane ‘s house — day gardener # 1 fire up he leaf - blower , drown out any question kiki might have have . int . attic - hanen garage ~ day camera pan across Zane 's dormant tracking station -- and soon find the copper sphere , the " imploder . " resting on the floor , it look harmless enough . until ... it move , '' righting " itself . a thin light shaft appear beneath , lift the imploder off the floor like a piston . soon the light shaft retract , leave the imploder float on midair . seam ratchet . the imploder open . Wild light spill out . push back shadow , the wild light sweep the room like a lighthouse . the light tug on ... small object . Paper , cup , headphone go airborne . the imploder beat faster and faster . ext . zane 's house - day he leaf ~ blower revs louder and louder . int . attic ~ zane 's garage ~ day 122 123 124 125 ( x ) 126 127 now big object go airborne . everything not nail down be circle on air , whirlpool around the imploder . 128 129 130 131 59 . ext . zane's garage - day 128 a bird land on a tree branch near some attic louver . instantly the bird be go , suck into the attic . a int . attic ~ zane 's garage ~ day 129 ) xw the debris compact into a central mass . the mass grow hot and bright and then ... flash . the imploder detonate in dead silence , steal the sound rig ! £ out of the air . os cn wide shot of Zane 's attic -~ stripped to the stud wall . T here 's nothing leave except sparking wire . ext . zane 's house - day 130 ) a hour later . the gardener pack up and drive off . g Zane 's yard never look better . dissolve to : int , cantina ~ HOTEL # 2 - night ope fee '' 433 . uw for nmg obabee 's nre t aking gl a apet ?. pus of we be talk global : warming , 4 be that it ? 0 maya hot . in a hotel cantina , Zane and ilana huddle over a slew of thermographic photo and beer bottle . it 's late : a waitress clean ashtray languidly , wishing they would leave . tlana yes and no . " yes , " we be show a increase in global temperature over the last decade . it 's not much , but if you factor out the cool effect of volcanic-actiwity , the trend_is . - dwk pee ? well , ger i pe 's happen : — ~ we factory . can not pimp_out . seven billion ton of c02 each year and not do damage . zane and the " no " part ? ilana it snow in Jerusalem this year . we see Gulf hurricane in March , six month out of season . right now , we have drought in the Sudan that be kill thousand -- with no end in sight . 60 . 131 continued : 131 132 133 zane okay . but be there really anything strange about strange weather ? ilana separately , no. collectively ... I begin to see pattern . symptom of a very sick Earth . ( reach 0.s. ) ~ show you something else ...- qo , d we int . ilana 's room - HOTEL # 2 ~ night k@ pe 132 uf ath keeping the light off , the skeleton man set aside he marionette to focus on he other stock - in - trade -- the hand - carve coffin . he open the first one gingerly . Inside be ... a shadow slip inside ilana 's room . i prawnnsized scorpion . int . cantina - HOTEL # 2 - night = / . : ae 133 '' edn ? cy bel wac whet . close on Zane 's hand shuffle through photo of the meadow at the top of the world . zane this be the Arctic ? ilana 90 mile from the pole . zane well ... what 's it do there ? ilana ( a small shrug ) individually , a small anomaly ... collectively , one more symptom . ( back up ) the Arctic be incredibly sensitive to environmental change . that 's why we go there ~- because thing happen first in the Arctic . it 's a window on the future . zane so you see something bigger than just global warming . 61 . 1 / , 133 contin recuse '' folie al hae hes hide 133 a see some ... some " major climatic ( ordea} " happen . - ( tug on a beer ) shit , I get so damn apocalyptic when I drink . but you have to remember that every profound turn point of this planet -- include the demise of the dinosaur -- begin with a shift in climate . even a 10 - degree increase be enough to melt 70 percent of the polar ice and wipe out all agriculture . wipe out we . a thousand - yard stare from Zane . tlana okay , it 's my last beer . zane no , no , no , I be just ...- curt to : memory hit : of a man on stage at JPL . terraformer ...to raise the temperature of the planet ten-fold ... to change its atmosphere into one suitable to colonization .... CUT back to : zane " terraform . " ilana hmm ? zane this guy at JPL ...he 's be give talk about Mars and how its whole environment could be change -- how we could " terraform " it and then live there . never happen , of course -- i cost hundred of billion . but he | be say something about .... ; CUT to : 62. 133 continued : ( 2 ) 133 memory hit : terraformer .- after the polar ice have be melt , the atmosphere again grow thicker . finally a kind of eritical mass be reach .... CUT back to : tlana what be it ? zane ( give up ) do not know . might try to get ahold of he , if it 's not too .... ( check watch ) wow . do the time - warp dance here . ilana take the check . ilana put this on my room .... 134 int . ilana 's room - HOTEL # 2 - night 134 done , the skeleton man close he coffin and leave tlana 's room . 135 int . hallway - HOTEL # 2 — night 135 ilana well , before I go around say the sky be fall -- or even warming -- I have get to get new gear from n- car . hey reach she door . ilana dig for key . zane when do you leave ? tlana first thing tomorrow . you ? zane do not know yet . still have not see everything I need to see . she open the door , reach inside for a switch . 63 . 436 int . ilana 's room ~ HOTEL # 2 - night 136 close on ilana 's hand . at the last second , it hesitates , hover over the light gwitch -- and a black scorpion poise there . 437 int . hallway - HOTEL # 2 - night 137 tlana ( turn back ) must say I enjoy the talk , Zane . it 's uncommon to find someone who can actually grasp the thing I be passionate about . zane yeah . hear you . a awkward beat . even though they have be talk business , there 's be a undercurrent of something else all night long . ilana so ... where be you stay ? zane well , I be in room 302 of the big pink place -~ till it merge with room 402 . 138 int . ilana 's room - HOTEL # 2 — night 138 close on ilana 's hand . it settles on the doorjamb just inch from the restless scorpion . ilana ( 0.s. ) what , some kind of accident ? zane ( 0.s. ) everything be , lately . 139 int . hallway ~- HOTEL # 2 - night 139 zane ( cont ’d ) so how 's this dump ? ilana not bad with the light off . zane maybe I nil get a room . 139 continued : 64 . ilana well , look . I be go first thing in the morning . why do not you just stay here now , keep the room tomorrow ? zane you mean ... share it ? ilana well , there be a couch . so at least we would have the appearance of respectability . 140 int . ilana 's room ~ HOTEL # 2 - night 140 as a scorpion scamper over the couch . 141 int . hallway - HOTEL # 2 - night 141 zane ( off balance ) * spose we could ... though , uh .... I mean , not that I do not find the proposition intrigue , or anything . and not that you just proposition I . ( half - beat ) do you ? ilana Boy . lot of guilt for someone who have not do anything yet , Zane , I take it there 's a warm body in bed at home . zane out of my bed , still in my head . I dunno .... ( decide ) there 's probably something to be say for abstinence . ilana in moderation . Zane dust off he smile . she peck he cheek . ilana '' ferraforming . " if there 's anything there , get it to I . Care of ucla . 141 142 143 144 2145 65 . continued : 141 zane iwill . and hey , just ... be careful , okay ? she nod , reach again for the light -switch ... int . ilana ‘s room ~ HOTEL # 2 - night 142 ... and flick it on . the scorpion be go . high angle of the room , ceiling fan in foreground . each blade have a scorpion . switch on with the light , the blade gather speed . ilana move into the bathroom as ... scorpion sling off the blade ... and plink - plink -plink down over the room . one scorpion land in a open suitcase . int . lobby - HOTEL # 2 ~- night 143 g Zane slide money at a desk clerk . zane Change for the phone ? cambio ? int . ilana 's room - HOTEL # 2 - night 144 ilana pull on a robe , start grub through she open suitcase . i - - kflene eer ( pub - — tlana ~~ = , seve pe : ; S. '' ee ly iscpl . slipper . ..slipper . -- + c fre. - crew ( ee her hand probe the dark depth until ... she recoil in pain . wonder what just stick she , ilana pull out ... eyeglass . one hinge be secure with a safety pin , work open . int . lobby ~ HOTEL # 2 - night 145 over a pay phone : e110 ? char ( v.0 . ) of 66 . 145 continued : 145 zane man , it be good to hear you voice . char ( v.0 . ) Zane . look , I be really sorry about before , but like I try to -~ zane no , you be right , I be a asshole . but look -- you still get download at home ? stock stuff ? char ( v.0 . ) yeah , but -- flare clint at zane " '' onndpech industry . " check it out for I . 146 int . ilana 's room — HOTEL # 2 - night 146 ilana wash she face . eye shut , she grope for ... a towel on the bathroom counter . fold thickly . ilana press the towel to she blind face . finish drying , she drop the towel and move away . hold on that towel -~ as a scorpion crawl from the fold . 147 int . lobby - HOTEL # 2 - night 147 char ( v.0 . ) slow modem , still wait . so when're you come home , zane ? zane ( a odd beat ) who say I be go ? char ( v.0 . ) stop by yesterday -- papers be stack up . I put they inside . ( back to business ) '' fzc " okay , here we go -~ ticker " geome , " tomniPech — industry . " go public in 1986 ... " a leader in clean - air technology , " blah , blah , blah . look like they buy up old power utility , overhaul , put they back on -line . ecuador ... Peru ... three facility in Mexico .... 67 . 147 continued : 147 zane wait . there 's more than one plant ? char ( v.0 . ) as of January 1 , they have ... eight facility on - line , 12 more plan . all in third - world country . zane 20 plant ? where 's all this money comin’ from ? char ( v.0 . ) american investor . you mutual fund at work . a sober beat . zane okay . thanks . char ( v.0 . ) what , that 's it ? after four week , you call I up for a stock report ? zane I do not know what else to say , char . char ( v.0 . ) how ' bout '' I miss you " ? zane I should not have to say it . 148 int . ilana 's room - HOTEL # 2 - night 148 ready for bed , ilana throw back cover . she fail to bcc ... + a tangle of scorpion . they scuttle deeper under the cover . ilana set she alarm , click off a lamp . she slip under the cover ~- and recline in she bed of scorpion . the way she fold she arm on she chest remind we of a corpse . a peaceful beat , then ... a horrid gasp . nto cree 149 150 asl asl 152 153 " shockwave , " revised 8/17/95 , pink 68. ext . omnitech complex ~ night 149 establishing view of omnitech by night . hazard light ( x pulsing . smokestack work overtime . a scatter of { X ) office light in the main building . ( X ) ( note : this angle be the same as , or similar to , that of scene 111 . ) ext , power -line road — night 150 ( X ) Zane stare at the plant from afar . ( X ) zane 20 plant .... he think about that -- then lift he monocular for ( x} another look at something . ( X ) monocular Pov : of the sculpture in the floodlit a151 ( X ) courtyard . the shape be familiar to Zane . but could it ( X ) really be what he think it be ? ( X ) ext . omnitech road - night 151 ( X ) start on the omnitech sign that warn off trespasper . not give the sign a second look , Zane duck through a barb - wire fence alongside the security gate . ext . lava floe - omnitech complex ~ night 152 ( X ) Zane make he way across lava floe , jump a moat of water . ext . MAIN build - omnitech complex - night 153 ( X ) vertical steel bar form a inner perimeter . Zane appear , ( X ) shadow outside the bar until he get a good angie on ... ( X ) the sculpture . ( X ) take out pad and pen , Zane start sketching . ( % ) | zane . ( xx ) if that 's it ... ( X ) : close on the sketch . he 's turn the sculpture into the ( X ) feedhorn of a radio telescope . the tip of a iceberg . ( X ) " shockwave , " revised 8/17/95 , pink 68a . continued : 153 zane ( cont ’d ) ( x} then how big do that make .... ( xx ) abruptly , security light die all around he . Building ( X % ) light follow , extinguish floor by floor . soon all that ( X ) remain be moonlight . ( X % ) reaction Zane : '' what the hell ? " ( X ) now a deep rumbling from the Earth . { X ) close on the steel bar . they be shaking . vibrate . ( X ) humming like tuning fork . and now just beyond ... ( X ) angle build : the sculpture rise from the courtyard . 154 ( X ) beneath it come a huge spire . beneath that come a ( X ) titanic shaft , lift out of the ground like a minuteman ( x ) missile in slow motion . ( X ) a155 intercut Zane , jaw lag open . whatever he expect , a155 ( X ) it be not this . {x ) b155 angle build : rising to full height , the shaft top b155 ( X ) the building . now the spire bloom ~~ unfold into a ( X ) deep - space antenna . it 's so big it blot out half the ( X ) star . ( x ) zane ( X ) my God .... ( x ) now the shockwave signal . come over he headphone , it ( X ) nearly blow Zane 's ear off . ( X % ) headlights approach . Zane duck the sweeping headlight , ( X ) then watch as ... ( X ) ci55 ext . inner gate - omnitech complex — night clls5 ( X ) a vw taxi stop at a security gate . the cabbie step out . ( X ) ciss d155 155 156 157 " shockwave , " revised 8/17/95 , pink 69 . continued : c155 reaction Zane : it 's the same guy who pick he up at the airport . the cabbie step to a panel box . he key it open to reveal a glass plate inside . Light strobe under the glass , analyze the cabbie 's face . the gate open . ext . MAIN build ~ omnitech complex ~ night d155 ( X ) done broadcasting , the dish collapse into a spire . the ( X ) shaft pull the spire back down to courtyard level , soon ( X ) all that remain be the tip of the spire , once again ( X ) double as sculpture . ( %) conspicuously absent be Zane . ( X ) ext , omnitech complex - night 155 fhe vw taxi drive onto the grounds , park . the cabbie disappear into the factory . a beat -~ and now the hood of the vw open . Zane roll out . int . power plant - night 156 Inside , vast machinery groans and pound . Zane skulk around , steering clear of night - shift worker . presently he find ... a hard hat . and coverall . int . power plant ~ night 157 now in coverall , Zane move more freely , search out ... the cabbie . he confer with the security woman . Zane trail they through the plant . at first the 4 worker ignore he presence . but then a change : more and more head begin turn Zane 's way . do they know he 's a outsider ? how could they ? extreme closeup on Zane 's face . a trickle of sweat > appear . worker draw together . they eye keep come back to ... Zane . he wipe the sweat away -- then look from he damp finger to the arid face that scrutinize he . he 's the only one sweat in here . . 157 158 " shockwave , " revised 8/17/95 , pink 69a . continued : the cabbie and the security woman turn a corner , vanish . pick up the pace , Zane turn the same corner ... int . cul - do - sac - power plant ~ night ... and find himself in a cul - de-sac . where do they go ? 157 158 159 160 161 " shockwave , " revised 8/17/95 , pink 70 . int . power plant - night 159 en masse , the worker start after Zane . int . cul - do - sac - power plant ~ night 160 suspect a unseen passage , Zane feel he way around pipe-line wall . but there be no seam . and just as Zane think he must be hallucinate ... the floor move . grow . rise seven foot to reveal ... a hide elevator . a worker vacate the elevator , never spot ... Zane perch on top . now the elevator begin lowering . Zane have to decide in a heartbeat : do he go underground ? or do he get the hell out while he still can ? when the worker turn the corner , all they find be smooth floor . int . hidden elevator ~ terraform factory 161 Zane descend . but to where ? there be no indicator light , no control . soon the fast - move rock outside ( X ) the elevator door give way to ... ( X ) ( note : level one omit . ) ( X ) level two : a cylindrical room , easily 100 yard across . ( X ) huge venting hood sprout from the ceiling . beneath that ( % ) be a venturi ring , rotate fast . suddenly a titanic ( % ) vapor ball appear , rumbling as it rise past we . the ( X ) vapor ball pass through the venturi ring and get suck ( X ) away by the venting hood . ( x ) stun , Zane inch forward to look for the source of the vapor ball . on the floor of level two he find ... com-center . display screen flash strange glyph and schematics . humanoid shape -- just distant silhouettes -- cross in front of the sail - like screen , processing a new shockwave signal . closer on the humanoid shape . be they people ? before we can figure it out , a second vapor ball erupt through a central atriun . abruptly level two be go , replace by fast - move rock : ( % ) we be between level . when the rock end , we find ... ( X ) " '' shockwave , '' revised 8/17/95 , pink 71 . 161 continued : 161 level Three : a dark stygian world . pot fun eia font Zane squint through the hot , muggy air . he can not see ' much except ... pa fa tate . 162 int . level three - terraform factory the elevator dock . a leery beat -- then Zane step out . he hear only the rumble of vapor ball , unseen now . drawn by the shifting light , Zane venture ahead . es 163 int . conversion lobby ~ terraform factory he reach a console , the source of the light . strange chair here , angle all wrong . suddenly a shaft of light illuminate , revealing ... 162 163 al64 angle on alien : a alien right here , seat and face al64 ( X ) away . its skull ] be split in the rear . Skull - flap move ( X ) up and down in opposition , " fan " the expose brain ( X ) beneath . ( X ) b164 angle zane : stumble back , blend with shadow . b164 ( X ) a conversion platform illuminate . ( X ) c164 angle alien : stand . with back - bend teq , it c164 ( X ) walk up a ramp to approach the platforn . its last two ( X ) step be onto a invisible cushion that top the platform . ( X ) close on the alien 's leg . snapping forward into more ( X ) human dimension . ( X ) close on the alien 's thumb , retract . ( X ) close on the alien 's skull - flap close down , form a humanlike head . 4 164 int . conversion platform - terraform factory 164 ( X ) alien conversion : in quick succession , energy hoop ( X ) girdle the alien . the first add a translucent + ( kx ) membrane ... the second " cure " the membrane into something ( X ) resembling skin ... a third add hair ... a fourth add ( X ) detail like nail and eye coloration . second later , ( X ) a human female be step off the platform . ( X ) 165 166 " shockwave , " revised 8/17/95 , pink 72 . ( omit scene 164a ) int . level three ~ terraform factory have see enough , Zane back out of the conversion lobby and turn to get the hell go . but which way to the elevator ? he move blindly through featureless passage . the vapor ball SOUND grow louder . Zane round a barrier , take another step ... but he foot miss the floor . Zane fall ... int . exhaust atrium / level four ~ terraform factory and crash - land with a groan . stabilize , Zane find himself on some kind of platform . he peer over the edge to behold ... level four . this may not be Hell -- but it / 11 do until the real thing come along : a central cauldron dominate the floor below . a huge ingot of raw material speed down a distant ramp ( " ingot-luge " ) and plunge into a hopper . a brilliant flash of light -- and then a angry vapor ball roil out of cauldron and vent upward through the atrium . Zane shield himself . the hopper disc rotate . oddly -~ ominously -- the hopper dock right beneath Zane . wind at Zane 's back . the platform begin shaking . he turn -- and see a truck -size ingot rush at he . he 's stand on a ingot-luge . 165 ( % ) ( x ) ( x ) ( X ) 166 ( x ) ( x ) ( x ) ( X ) ( x ) ( xx ) ( x ) ( x ) 166 al67 b167 c167 d167 e167 168 170 " shockwave , " revised 8/17/95 , pink 73. continued : 166 Zane leap ... and catch onto a support . angle ingot : plung into the hopper below . a167 ( X ) flash . ( X ) vapor ball Pov : rising past Zane. bl67 ( X ) angle cauldron : the disc rotate , now bring a c167 ( X ) work -station into view -~ and a alien , stand on the ( X ) work-station . ( X ) closer angle alien : he spot Zane ~~ and reach for d167 ( X ) a alarm . ( % ) angle zane : adrenal fast , Zane start climb . e167 ( X ) int . lock - down montage - terraform factory 168 in quick cut , we see the factory shutting down : on level four , cauldron door begin close . ( X ) on level two , the venturi ring whirs to a stop . ( X ) in com-center , screen go to raster . soon they come back on - line ~~ with image of Zane . ( the " want poster . " ) ( omit scene 169 ) int . conversion lobby - terraform factory 170 close on a monitor -~ as the want poster appear here . fast tilt up to Zane 's harry face : he know they be on to he . " shockwave , " revised 8/17/95 , pink 74 . 170 continued : 170 Zane spin , give the conversion platform a hard look . ( X ) could it possibly work ? come to he sense , he abandon the idea and bound out into ... {x ) ( omit scene 170a ~ 170b ) a171 int . level three - terraform factory al71 ( X ) featureless corridor . hear alien voice , he slow ( X ) and look down on ... ( X ) Three alien . they group beneath he , block he way . soon a fourth alien arrive ~~ and begin pass out ( X ) thing that look disturbingly like weapon . ( X ) b171 int . conversion lobby - terraform factory bi71 ( X ) Zane retreat here . with both dread and hope , he look ( X ) again at ... ( X ) the conversion platform . it pulse with light , ready to ( X ) go . now Zane make a decision that could save he life ~~ or end it . ( close on he clothes hit the. floor . ») close on he foot , step up onto the platform 's ( X ) invisible cushion . ( X ) close on he face -- scared shitless as the first energy ( X ) hoop descend toward he . ( X ) carry a weapon , a alien enter and scan . it look up ( X ) to the platform to find ... ( X ) a strange new latino Zane . ( X ) the alien look Zane right in the eye ... cock its head in ( X ) deliberation ... then turn and leave , search elsewhere . ( X ) ( note : scene b171-a177 employ '' latino Zane . " ) ( X ) 171 int . level three ~ terraform factory 171 redressed , Zane lurch back to the elevator portal . he + look down to see ... the elevator rise . the elevator dock . Inside be the security woman . a itchy beat ~- and now she sidestep , make room for one more . - 172 173 174 175 " shockwave , " revised 8/17/95 , pink 74a . int . hidden elevator - terraform factory 172 Zane board . the elevator ascend . the security woman look askance at Zane ~~ and he can feel the eye . do she suspect ? the security woman asks something in a alien tongue . Zane scratch he palm . he can feel the sweat collect under he new skin ( " syn-skin " ) . the security woman repeat her question . Light from level two flood the elevator . panther quick , Zane brace against the back wall ... and boot the security woman off the elevator . she howl as she freefall away . int . cul - do - sac - power plant - night 173 the elevator grow from the floor . Zane crawl out like a man escape a premature burial . he check around a corner to see ... ( % ) increase activity on the floor of the power plant . Guards ( X ) double-time . ~ ( X ) now Zane catch he reflection in a steel panel . the skin_on he temple be start to blister . Zane check se '' he palm . they be tear open , sweat coursing out . the syn~skin be rejecting . zane lemme outta here .... int . power plant - night 174 close on Zane 's hand hammer a switch . ( X % ) ext . omnitech complex -— night 175 a containment door roll open . Zane stagger outside , syn-skin blister all over . 176 al77 177 178 180 " shockwave , " revised 8/17/95 , pink 75 . ext . lava floe - omnitech complex - night 176 ( X ) reaching the floe , Zane plunge he head into a small ( X ) waterfall ... ( x ) ext . underwater ~ night al77 ( X ) - .. and start rip off he face . ( X ) ext . lava floe - omnitech complex ~- night 177 ° { X ) Guards race over the floe with flashlight . but all they ( X ) find here be ... ( X ) syn-skin . float on the water in big swatch . ( X ) ext . omnitech road ~ night 178 ( X ) running maniacally , Zane make it back to he Jeep . he ( X ) key the ignition , back up onto the road , stomp the gas ( X ) just as ... ( % ) a guard appear in he headlight . a bone-cracking impact . the Jeep rock to a stop . Zane leok over the hood but see only the rise heat of a crack radiator . do he just kill aman ? he back up and look again . it 's not the radiator that lose heat -- it 's gordian # 2 , who lie half - dead on the ground . swath of skin have ( X ) be rip open , and billow of heat escape the wound . commotion at the gate behind he : Guards be come . Zane shudder out of he stupor . jam the Jeep in gear . stands on the gas . he run right over the thing on the ground and never look back . ( omit scene 179 ) ext . san marsol ~ early morning : 180 sunrise , waiter set table around the zocalo . work in a shop window , a baker set out sweet bread shape like skull . 76 . 181 int . office - police station ~ day isl detective and you do see they . at the power station . this fantastic creature . zane under it . there 's a whole ' nother station , whole ' nother world down there . that 's where they be . a tremble wreck , Zane sit across the desk from a latino detective . counterpoint to Zane , the detective be vexingly calm . lighting another cigarette : do the detective los cok yen spe fp , and for what purpose do you go to @yy . ry ; not , 108 sete there ? ie pee ee the , cf beier fire eo cote gp pdd pw we zane what 's it matter ? look , I be tell you , it 's not what you think it be . it 's not anything near what you think it be . detective then what be it ? hmm ? please , you tell this to I . zane I think .... ( bite the bullet ) I think it 's a alien terraform factory . a vacuous look from the detective . he do not know what '' terraform™ " mean -- nor do he intend to learn . detective senor Ziminski . you have say that you be in la cantina last night with this ... ( from note ) senorita Green . can I take it , then , that you be drink ? of alcohol ? zane aw , do not even .... few beer , that 's all . it have nothing -- detective and then , of course , this be the week of " El dia de los muertos " -- we " Day of the Dead . " 181 continued : 77 . 181 zane so what ? so elna ) wnat ? '' petective so as a american , you would not be familiar with this custom , with this thing we see all around -- zane huh-uh . wrong . what I see be no costume , no papier - mache ~~ the door open . a sweathog cop hand a report to the detective . Zane just the detective scan it . detective the capitan de jardineria ~- security for the power station -- have call to report a accident . he say that a man , intoxicate , do kill someone with he car last night . a american man . stare . detective ( cont ’d ) do you know of this thing ? zane no . I mean , that 's not what happen . detective be this to say you be involved ? zane they be lie ! they be try to make it seem like -- detective ( shouting he down ) it be for I to decide who be lie ! this be why for I ask question , this be why for you tell I answer ! now otra vez ! be you involved in this ? zane ( force calm ) I hit ... something ... with the car . who it be , what it be -- I be not sure . but if they say I kill someone , let 's see it . bring the body here . I demand to see it . 181 182 183 184 185 186 oe , bps '' ia vi so a 78 . = continued : ( 2 ) / 181 detective no need to demand , senor . this be just what they be do . sn he exit , lock the door behind he >- presentiy — Zane hear -volce beyond a window . he -part blind , see the detective outside with sweathog . they be examine es ~ - ext . police station - san marsol ~ day 182 oe ce et . wane 's Jeep . and the dent in the front bumper . laer ea ie a omnitech truck park . the cop move to the rear as two plant guard unload a body . a blanket be remove . int . office - police station - day 183 Zane see . his face turn inside - out . zane no , no , no , no , no ...- ext , police station - san marsol - day 184 the mangle body be ilana green' . int . office - police station ~- day 185 carry a phone book , the detective re-enter . detective we word for " attorney " be " ab@gado . " I suggest that you look for ..-- he stop with a hand on the doorknob , see he desk stand on end , push to a wall . shoe -scuff mar the wall -- and lead to a open window near the ceiling . ext . road out of town ~ san marsol — day 186 Zane sprint to catch a accelerate bus . he miss the door but settles for the rear bumper . he pull himself up and bang frantically on the emergency door until someone , at last , let he onto the bus . 79 . dissolve to : 187 ext . L.A. skyline - dawn 187 j first light strike the glass tower of Los Angeles -- and set they ablaze . radio announcer ( v.0 . ) ... as the mercury peak at around 99 degree today -~ and yes , that will be a record for this day in October . but nowhere be it hotter right now than in the hallway of NASA , where official be still try to explain what happen yesterday to that atmospheric satellite -- value at 440 - million dollar -- that blow up 32 second after launch . Press conference now underway at JPL in pasadena .... 188 int . display lobby - JPL - day 188 reporter be nabbing post - conference comment from dour JPL official . pass camera as they file out of the press hall : reporter # 1 ... foresee any repercussion on Capitol Hill ? with budget talk under way ? JPL official as I say inside , sometimes when you aim for the star , you fall short . but we view this as a temporary setback , and in the week ahead .... reporter # 2 ( to reporter # 3 ) " another Black Eye for NASA . " that 's my headline . how ' bout you ? reporter # 3 " insurance guy shit golfballs . " now gordian exit the hall . he split from the main group . voice ( 0.s . ) anyone go to lose they job over this , Mr. gordian ? 188 continued : 80 . 188 gordian sorry , I be really the wrong person to ... he double -take . the " reporter " be Zane , hair matte , jaw unshave , he 's make feat . there 's a like . he start shoe unmatch , coat pick from a dumpster . it back to California -- but it be no small gordian Zane ? you do not look good . zane actually , I look like hammer shit . here 's a tip : if you ever get the chance to travel with a mexican rodeo -- pass . gordian look , I be sorry about before . the d.o.d. be pressure I to put a lid on thing ... and then when you start ask question in front of all that people -- zane ferget it . no hard feeling . just come back to visit my ol 's pal gordy . nothing wrong with that , be there ? to find out what 's really what ? who 's really who ? rabid twinkle in Zane 's eye that gordian do not gordian you be not make much sense , Zane . maybe we should walk over to the infirmary and see -- for side door . Zane block . zane do not make sense to I , either -- first time I see you face on another guy . genetic dice ? huh - uh . I think someone just screw up . as good as you be , you do make mistake , do not you ? ( in he ear ) shoulda break the mold , gordy . a thousand thought stream behind gordian 's eye . yet he face betray nothing . 188 continued : ( 2 ) bl . gordian what do you want , Zane ? zane what do I want ? I want to blow a hole in you head and donate you organ to science . but there ' 's a few thing I need to know first . gordian look down at Zane 's coat pocket , the one with a hand inside . zane fuckin 's n.r.a . so there 's a threaten bulge there . ( cont 'd ) easy to get one . 189 int . / ext . guard house ~ JPL ~ day hanging up the phone : JPL guard # 2 media Center . look like someone break in and take some camera gear . you on it ? JPL guard # 1 I be all over it . 190 ext . plaza - JPL ~- day outside now , Zane steer gordian to a crowded spot on the plaza . gordian 's eye slide everywhere , calculate odd of escape . they be not good . chill conversation : zane who be target ? now begin a oblique yet anyone in SETI ? '' gordian not " anyone . " N zane who ? gordian look in the mirror . Prime intellect , nonconformist reason , capacity for lateral think . see ? zane then what ? a control be assign ? / someone like you ? be not that what you 188 189 190 I t mi heg 82 . 190 continued : 190 gordian = could I actually see this gun of > sz ) yours , Zane ? zane sure . but if I pull it out , gordy -~- it will be the last thing you see . a beat . take stock of the face around they , gordian decide not to press the point . gordian I think it 's possible to say ... that you have be watch for quite awhile now . zane so which program ? besides SETI ? gordian can not you guess ? zane NASA ? gordian ask yourself why a antenna will not deploy on a deep -space probe . or ask how they could launch a six - billion - dollar telescope without testing its mirror . zane or why a satellite do not reach orbit . so all this thing , this " setback " that have .... he stop with another think . a chill think . zane 1986 ? the Challenger ? 4 gordian x ( 1 ask yourself why a o-ring fail . zane Jesus God . be you actually say .... gordian I be say nothing . just listen ; to you ask question . 83. 190 continued : ( 2 ) 190 zane . then I will ask about " omnitech . " '' gordian I be sorry . what be that ? ms '' zane . '' 2 . fin it 's a factory down in Mexico -- neg gordian ib ack . outside my knowledge . zane ( cont 'd ) -- one of 20 be build in third - world country where they do not have the law to protect they air and -- gordian blige outside my knowl -~ Dew Sao zane ( cont ’d ) you build where it 's hot . ' cuz you {ike it hot , do not you , gordy ? do not / you ? Zane body - bump gordian , goad he , back he into a wall . ~ gordian ( dangerously low ) Zane . if you force I to answer —- what you will be hearing be you own death sentence . because right now , as much you think you know , you do not know the half of it . right now , you be just one little guy with a big conspiracy theory and no proof -- and the world be full of they . so take great care in what else you choose to learn . Zane do . for about one second . zane they be terraform factory , be not they ? gordian yes . zane you be pump out greenhouse gas . you be change the air , the temperature , the whole ecosy -- 84 . 190 continued : ( 3 ) 190 191 gordian we be finish what you start . what would have take you 100 year , we will do in ten . we be just speed along you own demise . zane like you sped calvin along ? and ilana Green ? a beat . gordian spy Guard # 1 crossing the plaza , approach . gordian if you can not tend to you own planet -- none of you deserve to live . eae : _ y CO bos mve cul 7 pass they , Guard # 1 double - take at Zane . ch ro ket gordian ( explode ) his pocket , he pocket , he 's get a gun in he pocket ! he ram Zane right into the guard . Zane try to run , but the guard be on he , push he face - first into a wall . the guard jam a hand in Zane 's pocket ... and pull out a remote control . JPL guard # 1 what / be you talk about ? this ? it 's just some -- Zane rip free . on the fly , he snatch something out of a tree-crook and keep run . JPL guard # 1 what the hell be it now ? gordian snatch the remote . it 's a video controller . gordian ( furiously calm ) do not worry . I / 'il handle this . int . public bus — day 191 close on a portable viewcam . the playback screen show Zane and gordian in the plaza . a '' JPL / NASA " sign be visible . 85 . 191 continued : gordian ( v.0 . ) ... you be just one little guy with a big conspiracy theory and no proof ~~ and the world be full of they . so take great care in how much you choose to learn . zane ( v.0 . ) they be terraform factory , be not they ? gordian ( v.0 . ) yes . in the back seat of a bus , Zane shut off the viewcan . he 's get the whole thing . 192 ext . kiki 's house - day Mrs. Roosevelt back down the driveway in a rustbucket cadillac , trimming hedge along the way . the car smoke off down the street . 193 ext . kiki 's house ~ day hauling trash , kiki kick open thé back door ... 194 int . garage - kiki 's house - day ... and enter the open garage . instantly hand yank he into shadow . zane who 's be here ? anyone ? kiki sweet ' 'o sour Jesus . Zane ? man , whatcha doin’ out here tike this ? scare the livin 's piss outta ~- zane anyone watch my house ? kiki huh-uh . nobody I see . Zane steal a look at he house . it seem safe . 191 192 193 ) 194 86 . 194 continued : 194 zane can not believe they would not have .... ( spin back ) kiki . I be go to say something that 's go to sound crazy -- but I be tell you because I think you might actually believe it . I be also tell you because I can not be t - 7 + 4 syd thease hey mf I kiki wull , tell I . zane you know how I follow the shockwave to Mexico ? because we think maybe someone be =~ kiki yeah , yeah , yeah .... zane they be not we , kiki . kiki . wull , so ... what be they ? Zane confirm with unblink silence . a long beat as kiki 's rubber face register disbelief ... then shock ... then finally soft childish wonder . kiki so , uh , do they get this little flashlight finger that , uh .... Zane shake he head . kiki or maybe they get this big metal tooth that come out and sorta .... Zane shake he head . kiki what do they look like , then ? zane like you and I . like anyone . for ( ' kiki y ? naw. really ? so what be they doin’ here ? 194 195 196 197 ' 198 87 . continued : ( 2 ) a Zane unpocket the viewcam . zane I all show you . 13/11 show everybody soon as I get in my garage and fire up the array . ~ int . attic - hanen garage ~ day few with hollow eye , Zane take in the room that use to be he tracking station . ' there 's nothing here . nothing . kiki shit . you be evict . int . hanen garage - day ise '' : hurrying down the step : zane oro Valley ... if I can get out to the big dish .... he tear into a box mark " goodwill , " rifle through old clothes . a rising engine stop he . someone 's here . ext . zane 's house ~ day aay a white explorer pull into the driveway . it 's a car we have never see before . int . zane 's garage ~ day jo Zane and kiki press flat to a wall as ... footstep approach . a shape appear in a murky window . it draw closer , peer inside , check for a car . zane char .... he rush the window . charge eye-contact . char Z - Zane ? bs. 199 int . zane 's garage ~ day Minutes later . Inside the garage now , char watch Zane swap clothes like a quick - change artist . zane I can not stay . if they be not here now , they be on they way . char who ? the police ? zane what about the police ? cl they come to my work , Zane . some detective . he say something about manslaughter charge ? in Mexico ? kiki you be a fugitive ? cool . zane the whole thing be fabricate . they set I up . char I do not understand . why would the police want to -- zane ( agitate ) not the police . it be they . char " they " ? who 's " they " ? Zane search she eye . could he ever make she believe ? zane cg d.. forget it . 32 xb a kiki - prob ’ly the alien . Zane murder he with a look . char who be this child ? and do he mean illegal alien ? I hope ? zane I / will take you we ak ere . 199 200 201 202 203 89 . continued : 199 char no , you will not . not until I know what 's go on here . zane look . it sound nut , but I know what I see ... I know why they be here ... I know about the poppy field in the Arctic ... they whole master plan about the air and ... and .... he see the worry in she face . zane ( cont ‘d ) gimme the key . char I can not let you go , Zane . not alone . not like this . zane you do not have to come -- I would not believe either unless I have see for myself . but I must leave now . she stare a beat -- then reel he in for a troubled hug . char , if you think I be let you out of my sight -- you be nut . int . char 's explorer - day 200 move fast , char slide behind the wheel . Zane lie low in the back seat . ext . kiki ‘s house ~ day 201 ) move faster , kiki stick a note on the back door , jump a hedge ... ext . zane 's house ~ day 202 ) ..- and catch the explorer as it back into the street . he throw open a rear door ... int . char 's explorer ~ day ( 203 , ».. and dive in on top of Zane. 90 . a 203 continued : 3 ) kiki can I come ? zane get outta here . this be not a slumber party . kiki I leave my gramma a note . I wanna come . I wanna help . resigned , Zane roll he eye . 204 ext . STREET - altadena - day C 204 the explorer scratch away . a heartbeat later ... a old pickup truck pull into Zane 's driveway . the two gardener be only second behind . 205 int . char 's explorer ~ day a in the move car : zane . pull over at the on-ramp . I ' 11 drive . char you have get to deal with this , Zane . somehow . if it mean both of we go to the police so -- zane that why you come back , char ? help the police with they job ? char ( wounded ) I come back because I think you have need my help . pretty stupid of I , huh ? zane I can not be stick in some jail , not now . pull over here . 206 ext . entrance - oro valley ~ day ( 208 , ) the " main gate " be little more than two stanchion in the desert . a dust cloud approach . suddenly char 's car fly over a rise . dit it sanit es 91 . os 207 ext . tracking station - oro varh# ey - day — 207 : 2 the explorer brake hard . ng~out , kiki ogle the 40 - meter dish that rest position -- straight up . kiki whoa , lookit that big mofo .... char ( to Zane ) all right , we be here . now what do you hope to accomplish ? Zane bound up the tracking station step . he find the door lock , metal blind on the window . zane Key , key , I need .... Zane backtrack , scan . in the distance , a man work on a cherry ~ picker . 208 ext . wind tower - oro valley - day c208 ) fifty foot in the air , the maintenance man be repair a wind gauge on a tower . soon he spot ... someone on the ground . trotting gloser . maintenance man yo ! can I help you down there ? ignoring he , Zane open the cab of the cherry - picker and spot ... ' 209 int . cherry ~ picker ~ day 209 key dangle from the ignition . Zane slide in , crank the engine . 210 ext . wind tower ~ oro valley - day 210 maintenance man hey , hey , hey .... the truck start move under he . the maintenance man dive out of he basket ... and catch ahold of the tower . dangle helplessly , he can only watch as the cherry - picker accelerate away . 92 . =n ~ 4 211 ext . tracking station ~ oro valley ~ day gu ) the cherry ~ picker roar up . Zane leap out , join kiki at the main door . he try a few key ~- before stop oddly . zane where 's char ? roel 212 int . char 's explorer ~ day fe 4 a zl De the dy a she 's inside she car , stuff — a — geii-phone - back — into — the — bove por mn bye b74 gu pate , fee I 7 pes by abe bf rie 7 co , 213 ext . tracking station - oro valley - day fou ges cee . | 213 Zane turn a corner of the station house . he 's just in ee time to see char exite the car with she purse . zane told you to wait right here . < mb befiebe a get my stuff gut of the that all rie a beat . shake off he paranoia , Zane turn away . zane the strangest thought .... 214 int . tracking station ~ oro valley - day peo ln fe llas kiki ? jf it say " power , " you push it . ise monitor , '' stuff there -- light it up . everything . they sweep inside . kiki start mash button . Zane shove a manual at char . — ~ — — — fane ( cont 'd ) find '' geo-star 5 . " I / 1l need two set of coordinate - <- right ascension and declination . char zane . I do not see how listen to some star can —- zane . it an not a star . and this time we be talk , not listen . 214 215 216 217 218 93. continued : Bet he begin patching he viewcam to a beta deck . ns ) ext . entrance - oro valley ~ day a new dust cloud appear beyond the rise in the road . whatever it be , it 's come fast . mb lph a but if panei ) ( ae paanglf int . tracking station - oro valley - day be on-line , the station hum and blink . kiki pause to inspect a monitor , where Zane 's videotape be cue up : we see a paus imageé~ef gordian at JPL . ~starss " date . char have the ' geo om ; ata ready as Zane enter chm sta coordinate in char ead - staal so this be some satellite ? exrd - sah zane dad ~ stm co - op weather satellite -- one that about 50 tv station pull a continuous feed off of . 100,000 watt should get they attention . char '' and they 's 1ll understand what all this mean ? zane let 's find out . coordinate in , he bang " enter . " ext . 40 - meter dish ~ oro valley - day ga» enith , 70 sueur , sen then . int . tracking station - oro valley ~ day pe close on the LED coordinate readout , number drop relative to the dish 's position . but now the number begin flicker strangely . abruptly ... as the dish start move , tilting of a breaker - BOX frap off , circuit kick out . the LED number die . zane shit . 94 . 218 continued : bw he reset the circuit . again they frap off . zane what be wrong with this .... he thumb a switch : Security blind retract on a window , revealing ... the outside world . the dish have stop . now Zane see the source of the short - out : a control cable -- a umbilical between tracking station and dish -- lie on the ground . it 's be cut . Zane 's heart start slam -dance . he retract blind on another window to find ... the " gardening " truck . char " garden . " I do not see any garden around here . a beat . Zane 's gaze slide between the truck and ... char 's car . and the mobile antenna there . when Zane turn back to char , he see she with different eye . damn eye . zane what be they do here , char ? char like I should know ? zane in the car . you make a call from the car . she open she mouth to protest -- but nothing come out . zane ( cont ’d ) you make a call . he advance on she . she back away . char Zane . when you start talk about alien and master plan ... and then this woman be kill in Mexico .... zane do I say it be a " woman " ? 95 . 218 continued : ( 2 ) ee char the police tell I , okay ? zane and that 's who you call , right , char ? the police ? char yes . it be . you be scare I with you talk . you be scare I now , the way you be ~- zane as soon as I leave SETI , you leave . as soon as I get back from Mexico , there you be . wait for I . char because I think you might need I . I want to help in case -- zane all the career advice ... the gentle persuasion ... all the little nudge about how I be waste my life by .... he stop . even though indoors , Zane find himself stand in a shaft of sunlight . he snap a look at the ceiling to see ... boot rush at he . switchblade quick , Zane lean to avoid ... gardener # 2 , drop through a roof hatch , slamm to the floor . he 's get hedge shear in each hand -- and he 's here to trin ... Zane . ducking . weaving . backpedale as ... fhe man slashes again and again , shredd he way through cable ... mini-blind ... bulletin board . Zane jump behind a equipment rack . gardener # 2 ram it with he body , drive Zane back into a pre-fab wall . the wall collapse around he . tight on gardener # 2 : he 's cut he face on the equipment rack . instead of blood , heat wave pour from the wound . reaction kiki and char : they see . Zane fight to get up but can not : he ' 's trap in the pit of the collapse wall . he can only watch in horror as ... 218 219 220 221 222 96 . continued : ( 3 ) ae gardener # 2 kick away the equipment rack -~- and swing for Zane 's neck . Zane block with a fire-extinguisher . the shear pierce it . co2 spews out , clouding the air . gardener # 2 poise for the death stroke ~~ but stop . he will not come near the billow co2 . retreating , he move back to the shaft of sunlight ... and unlock he knee . leg bend all wrong =~ and he spring through the ceiling . boot pound over the roof , run away . reaction kiki and char : stun , Zane crawl to the fire-extinguisher . he put a hand over the spew hole . zane too cold .... _ ext . entrance - oro valley ~- day 219 arrive , two van roar past the stanchion . int . tracking station ~ oro valley ~ day : 220 close on the ceiling hatch slamm shut , close by a pull -chain . char close it . now she look to Zane . he stand ata window , eyeball ... ext . tracking station - oro valley - day & the van . they tear around the tracking station in opposite direction . circle . surveil . contain . int . tracking station - oro valley ~ day bee char approach . Zane pick up a screwdriver , the only weapon available , char I be sorry . Zane , I be just so sorry I do not believe about .... ( more ) 222 223 224 97 . continued : a char ( cont ' D ) oglances outside ) but you have get to trust I now when I say that I only call the police . and only because I want to -~ zane then what be they do here , char ? who tell they to find I here ? char I do not know . I honestly do not know . the screwdriver rolis in Zane 's torment hand . be it possible ? do he have two control ? Zane 's mind say yes ~- but he soul riot at the think . reaching a decision , Zane activate a close - circuit monitor mark " pedestal room . " raster fade in . zane kiki ? watch this screen . when you see my face , you hit this key right here ~- the transmit key . {at char ) we be go to give this one more shot . ~ kiki hey . you be not leavin 's I here , be you ? zane do not worry . they will be chase we . he jam the screwdriver into a floor-joint , lift out a modular panel of computer floor . below lie crawl-space . zane ( to char ) go. int . crawl space - oro valley ~ day as they enter and begin worm through cable-run . ext . tracking station ~ oro valley ~- day a Ford Taurus arrive . the van stop circle and park near the car as ... gordian emerge . - 98. bf ola ee 224 contr 3 ) on the’ side of the station house , a access panel be force open / Zane and char slither out . from here they can gee ... the big dish . 80 yard off . Zane crawl to a corner of the station to spy on ... gordian and the other . band together . closer on gordian . catch peripheral movement , he turn to see ... . Zane and char blit across open ground . > 45 ro/ , fast and tight : body load into vehicle . key twist . Doors slamm . tire chew up sagebrush as ... the van give chase . S val fey , uh dtuhesypesd | only gordian remain behind . calmly , he walk for the station house . on 225 ext . 40 - meter dish - oro valley ~ day 225 Zane and char charge to the base of the dish and reach double steel door . lock . Zane fumble with key as ... van slew to a stop . body pile out . Zane find the right key . when the lock turn , char lay a shoulder on the door . zane no , no , no .... he pull to open the door . they skim through ... 226 int . pedestal room - oro valley - day be ... and enter this vault below the dish . it house amp , eryogenics , sub-reflector -- the gut of the radio telescope . Zane reach back to yank the door close ... but a hand catch it first . a face fill the window . keeping one hand on the door , Zane grab a comenalo chain . he slap the hook on the door handle . 93 . 226 continued : ae more hand appear on the door . pull . prying . now it 's a tug-of - war : backpedale , Zane let the chain play out while still pull . he reach a post . wrap the chain around it once . want to wrap it again -- but there 's no more length . alli he can do be hold on . but now Zane 's stick here when he desperately need to be at ... ~o the '' local antenna Control . " it 's across the room . char < give it . give I the chain . she grab the chain , ready to take over . but Zane will not release , char you can move the dish from here , right ? so go . I can do this . he just stare . char ( cont ’d ) Zane . for once in you paranoid life , can you just please fuck trust I ? put he life in she hand , zane release . he bound across the room ... and slap he hand on the local control . re-entering satellite coordinate , Zane keep a eye on ... char . holding the chain like she 'il never let go . Zane hit " enter . " 227 ext . 40 - meter dish - oro valley - day 27 as the dish start move again . 228 int . pedestal room ~ oro valley - day 2 Zane activate a close - circuit monitor . kiki 's wait face fade in . .. — ~ close on the LED numb : , drop fast . close on the.chain wrap around the post . link grind back and forth -~ but char hold she ground . the door window shatter . . arm snake through and grope blindly , try to unhook the chain . 100 . 228 continued : 228 close on the LED number . finally stop . 229 ext . 40 - meter dish ~- oro valley - day 229 as the dish lock on -target . 230 int . pedestal room - oro valley - day 20 zane ( to monitor ) now , kiki ... 231 int . tracking station - oro valley - day be zane ( v.o . ) .+- now , now , now ! back in the tracking station , kiki can see Zane scream on the monitor -- yet for some reason , the boy just stand there . watch . 232 int . pedestal room - oro valley - day ase zane 's Pov : on the monitor , we see kiki turn around ... cross to the main door ... and throw the lock . 233 int . tracking station - oro valley - day be the door open . enter , gordian pat kiki on the head like a good little puppy . 234 int . pedestal room - oro valley - day yo as Zane go brain -dead . 235 int . tracking station - oro valley - day 23s gordian cross to the viewcam -- and rip it out by the root . he eject a 8 mm videotape . gordian ( to monitor ) like I say , Zane . you do not know the half of it . " shockwave , " revised 5/3/95 , blue 101 . 236 int . pedestal room ~ oro valley - day pe zane ‘s Pov : gordian throw a switch . the monitor go to raster . ee '' all at once , char flounce back ... a at owl j rr the chain go slack ... and the door whump close , lock . char : Zane ? what happen ? Zane . come out of he stupor , Zane move to the door . both window be clear . char why do they leave ? zane they do not . char how do you know ? zane because we be not dead yet . he jam a fire axe through the door handle . scan . move to the oversize tank of " liquid Nitrogen " store ( X ) here ~~ and work up a last-ditch plan . zane help I . 237 ext . tracking station ~ oro valley - day '' close on hand hoist something out of a car trunk . it 's a square steel case , similar to the one that hold the imploder -- only much bigger . 238 int . pedestal room ~ oro valley ~ day pe Zane and char wrestle a nitrogen tank closer to the door . ( X ) Zane put a pipe wrench on the nozzle cap , try to loosen it . a rising engine stop he . char what 's .... {she peer outside . her eye balloon . _ oueibe sota , ww " shockwave , " revised 5/3/95 , blue 102 . 239 ext . 40 - meter dish ~- oro valley - day @s ) ) a van be make a kamikaze run for the door . backward . 240 int . pedestal room ~ oro valley - day zane get away ! he jerk char clear as ... the van erupt through the door . the fire axe snap like a toothpick . the head whooshes through air ... and whisker past Zane 's face . it bite into the wall yight behind hin . Electrical conduit around the door be rip loose . a sub -panel blows . the van grind to a stop , wedge halfway in the suddenly dark room . rear door be kick open . body spill out amid a tunnel of light as ... Zane frees the axe . he swing for the nitrogen tank ... ( xx ) and bang off the whole nozzle . instantly clouding the air , liquid nitrogen gush from ( X ) the tank ... and envelope the alien . quick closeup : torture face . shrieking mouth . rodin-like hand . _ em a ea ee the tank exhaust itself . and when the nitrogen cloud / ( X ) ( ink to the floor , we behold ... _ — — a_monument of alien . each body freeze in mid-action . each face a study in exquisite pain . each backlit by the daylight that bore through the van . _ 4 axe at low guard , Zane thread through the knotted body . be they dead ? or simply dormant ? he peer into the van and see ... '' gordian . frozen like the other . force himself to do it , Zane begin touch gordian . search he . he find a tantalize lump in one pocket . could it be ? " shockwave , " revised 8/17/95 , pink 103 . 240 continued : get closer , rock slightly . and something be the pedestal ro «-- roll throug ! /.eand stop at char 's fest . ) even obscure by the mist , e can tell it 's a imploder . a big honkin’ one . char stoops to " righting " itself . she recoil hard . Zane ? Zane step on the rear bumper . the van ellis out . it bang down onto the floor of om . + + ih a ground - fog of nitrogen ... inspect it . suddenly the imploder mo char can we get out of here ? now ? she do not know what this thing be -~ but she 's get a bad feel about it . ' Zane grab char , steer she to the center of the be 241 int . wave -guide and push she of the radio the climb oom . «+ path - oro valley - day up into the wave - guide path , the " eardrum " lescope . zane , ! just climb ! ( SE scramble up through dark right - angle tunnel . baea - cee ( ug . path here . 242 int . pedestal room - oro valley ~- day Zane rush bac k for the van . hold on the imploder as he pe ( x ) o ) ye pe ( X ) pass : Riding a beam of light , the imploder rise up out ( xx ) of the ground for Zane tear at G expose black extremely close og . ordian 's pocket . fabric break off , plastic beneath : it be the videotape . on gordian 's mouth . exhaling steam . oblivious , Zane keep work . extremely close on gordian 's eye . open . close on the imploder ratcheting open . Wild light begin sweeping the room . imploder Pov : take a 360 - degree scan of the room . ( X ) ( x ) ( x ) ( x ) ( X ) 242 " shockwave , " revised 8/17/95 , pink continued : tight on Zane . Wild light hit hin . over he shoulder . multiple shot : Ground - fog retreate . imploder . 103a . turn to look sucked up by the ee ( X ) ( % ) ( X ) ( x ) be 4 " shockwave , " revised 8/17/95 , pink 104 . 243 int . wave - guide path ~- oro valley - day char see daylight above . she hurry for it . 244 int . pedestal room - oro valley - day _ Zane frees the tape . he turn to get the hell out ... but something snag he wrist . it 's gordian . gordian not...so...fast .... 245 ext . surface of 40 - meter dish = oro valley ~ day until ... a246 helicopter shot ; char stand at the center of the 40 - meter dish . alone . 246 int . pedestal room - oro valley - day ( note : no ground - fog from this point forward . ) with he free hand , Zane snatch ..up the axe~head ... and sheer off gordian 's freeze arm . close on gordian 's hand hit the floor , shatter . running for he life , Zane make a mad leap right over the spin imploder ... {ana slam into the ladder beneath the wave - guide path . ) gordian 's shattered hand . Joint by joint , the finger skitter across the floor toward the imploder . 247 int . wave ~ guide path - oro valley - day into a grow headwind , Zane speed - crawl through the tunnel . behind he , we hear the awful sound of the pedestal room be tear apart . ( omit scene 248 ) " shockwave , " revised 8/17/95 , pink 105 . 28 . & _ - ind-rush past char and funnel down the nter of the dish . ° char ct mae 249 ext . surface of 40 - meter dish - oro valley ~ day zane ! a scarf fly off she neck . it vanish down the hole ... no ee ( % ) a250 int . wave - guide path ~ oro valley - day a250 ( X ) % --- whip past Zane ... ( X ) 250 int . pedestal room - oro valley - day pao ++ eand shoot out the bottom of the wave - guide path . as ( X ) the scarf fly right into camera , CUT to ... ( X ) the scarf . fly away from camera -- and get suck ( X ) into a angry hurricane of debris and light . the imploder ( X % ) be simply consume the pedestal room . ( X ) in a huge silent flash , the imploder detonate . 251 ext . 40 - meter dish ~ oro valley —° day 251 the steel wall of the pedestal room buckle inward . the mammoth dish groans like a die dinosaur . closeup : weld split open . Metal strut bend , fatigue , break . . 251a ext . surface of 40 - meter dish ~ oro valley - day ( 251 he dish rock wildly , knock char off she foot . slide down to the edge ... Te ~ ses pre but catch hold of the lip . — ee the whole dish sway , for a moment threaten to keel a over , but instead ... 251b ext . 40 - meter dish - oro valley - day 251b the pedestal begin collapse , twist down into the Earth like a giant corkscrew . 251c ext . surface of 40 - meter dish - oro valley - day 251 '' high - angle on char -~ as the ground rush up at she . " shockwave , " revised 8/17/95 , pink 251d ext . 40 - meter dish - oro valley - day as the underside of the dish plummet toward camera . 251e ext . surface of 40 - meter dish - oro valley - day ( ax ) ae hold on char for the impact of the dish bottome out . it throw she clear of the edge ... 251f ext . 40 - meter dish ~ oro valley - day 251f extremely wide : Cloud of dust cavitate away from the fall dish . rocking to a stop , it lie bowl~like on the desert floor . the pedestal room be simply go . 252 ext . surface of 40 - meter dish ~ oro valley - day amaze to find herself alive , char look toward the escape hole at the center of the dish . nothing move . char oh , please . please , please .... a terrifying beat . until a hand appear . Zane climb into daylight . he 's lose most of he clothes . but he still have the tape . they hug like survivor of a plane crash . then , remember , Zane take char 's hand ... re climb to the edge of the dish . below stand kiki . e the alien boy . sn pile | sfe C : a 106 . 252 continued : ey zane why do it have to be this ? such a secret ? why could not you come and ask for we help ? kiki stare back with soul - dead eye . see he will get no answer ... zane then tell they . go back and tell they that I know ... that she know ... that other will know . and you tell they it will n’€ be easy . not anymore , because we will fight for we air ... fer we planet ... for we life . we will fight you . 253 ext . oro valley - day 253 kiki turn and begin run through open desert . knee bent backwards . stride like a ostrich . cover ground faster than any human ever have or ever will . and despite the heat , he look like he could run forever . dissolve to : 254 int . up - link room - CNN - day 254 close on a monitor . it show a satellite view of the western U.S. interference scramble the picture . tech-head # 1 losin 's the geo-star feed .... in a up~link room pack with equipment , two tech-head ponder the monitor . interference resolve into a new picture of two people . tech-head # 2 look like a bleed . pro’bly HBO 's satellite . Real estate in space be gettin’ tighter and tighter . tech-head # 1 ( not so sure ) strong signal . for a bleed . he tweak the picture , bump the volume . now we hear : 254 continued : 107 . 254 gordian ( v.0 . ) «:+ you be just one little guy with a big conspiracy theory and no proof -- and the world be full of they . so take great care in how much you choose to learn . ce zane ( v.0 . ) . they be terraforn factory , be not a vy they ? 's gordian ( v.0 . ) . swe 'a yes. cee as , ae a ye gm tech -head # 2 ke x yeah , I see this movie . what 's it ae call ? one of that alien-invasion thing . HBO . ee a CO oe es tech -head # 1 if you say so . disinterested , they move away . camera drift to another monitor . we see a CNN reporter stand at a weather map . CNN reporter ++- while New England state be report a delay of the fall foliage season . in fact , it 's warmer than normal up and down the entire Eastern Seaboard , with no end in sight .... glitch out 1 , subsite a rehesig , - bf oy . sid. beh oi ia pha by ayn . -