the hitcher a screenplay by Eric Red " live on the road , my friend be gonna keep you free and clean now you wear you skin like iron you breath 's as hard as kerosene ... " towne Van Zandt , " pancho & lefty " fade in : 's int . ' 79 camaro - interstate highway 10 west near the 1 TEXAS borderline ~ night . jim halsey be asleep at the wheel . lit up by a splash of headlight flooding the front seat . windshield awash with the twin headlamps of a eighteen - wheeler rig bear down on he . he have drift onto the oncoming lane . ear -splitting toot of the truck 's horn shock he awake . shout , he spin the steering wheel hand over hand , swerving wild - ly onto the right side of the road . head - on collision miss by inch . the titanic tractor trailer thunder past , shudder the car 's suspension in its afterblow . then it be go . sooth country dark thick and tangible as oil flow into the car again . the world outside the window be black and empty save for a distant pinpoint of head - light ahead and the red and amber warning light of the truck recede in the rearview mirror . Broken white line and blacktop roll out of the darkness in the camaro 's highnbeam . halsey gasp for breath , long drag of air to calm himself down . in the white glow of the dashboard light , Jim be see to be a 20 - year - old young man with long , dirty blond hair and rugge good look . he be clad in a black leather jacket and a white tee-shirt . he have on blue jeans and etonic run shoe . halsey start to nod off again . he blink and slap himself to stay awake . a signpost comet out of the void . " welcome to Texas . " the kid cheer , punch the horn and pound on the roof above he head . make it . droplet begin to fleck the windshield . the drizzle become a rainstorm . he switch on the windshield wiper and they slap away the splash water . thunder crackboom . a slag of lightning jag across the gloomy sky . the speedometer needle hover at 45 : mph . Jim click down he signal stick . he check he blind spot to see if it 's safe to change lane . the interstate be inky pitch fore and aft . halsey steer he car sideways . horn blare . SOUND of shear metal . something rocket past on he leave side , scraping he door , shower spark . the kid yell out , steering , veer he camaro into the right lane again . in he head - light , the ghostly form of a white volkswagen bug hurtle on ahead . 2 . continued : 1 it have all its light ominously off and it be swallow up in the dark like a egg in ink . his nerve shot , he travel on . the horizon ahead be turn a shade of deep blue . Dawn imminent . a second shard of lightning silhouettes a hitchhiker on the highwayside in the strobing electrical flash . he resemble a drench scarecrow . Arm out , thumb ex - tend . the kid signal right . he glide the camaro over to the shoulder of the road and sit wait . rain splashing , wiper whapping , signal clicking , engine humming . a tap on the window of the passenger door . halsey reach he hand out to unlock the door . it hover momentarily , hesitant , wary . he shrug and open the latch . the door swing open and the roaring din of the STORM shatter the silence . the hitcher hustle into the seat . there be only a brief glimpse of he before he shut the door and the inside light go off . he be a grimly gaunt man in he mid-thirty . his bony , skele - tal physique be wrap in a black rubber raincoat like a cape . he have a coyote face , hair close - cropped to he skull in convict fashion . his skin be pallid and bad . a plastic tube be insert in he neck at the larynx . his vocal cord have be remove and he have a artificial voice box . his eye be he most strike feature . pure black and bullet hard , brute force in they . he settles in he seat , fix he eyeball on halsey . Jim shift into gear and drive back onto the road . the stranger sit silent and still , stare . halsey my mother tell I never to do this . no response . halsey ( continue ) the name 's Jim halsey , man . he extend he hand . the hitcher shake it . he speak with a voice like a transistor radio . hitcher John Ryder . halsey so where do you want I to drop you ? ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) 1 no answer . '' halsey ( continue ) you gonna tell I where you be goi no. or what ? no answer . eyeballs glint in the dark , reptilian , alien . balsey ( continue ) what be you look at I that way for ? I say , what be you look at ? ryder scare ya ? his bullet eye be rivete on Jim but Jim 's attention have be divert . a white spectre in the watery wind - shield , the volkswagen bug be park off to the side of the road , all its light off . the kid take he foot off the gas pedal , slow down alongside the car . abruptly , Ryder place he hand on the kid 's knee , press down firmly , force the accelerator to the floor . the camaro lunge on past the other car . halsey be you stone or stupid ? Ryder just sit and stare at he . Jim glance into the rearview mirror . out of the backshield , the ghostly automotive appari - tion recede in the red taillight . a pop strobe of lightning emblazon its window translucent . a swash of dark liquid drip down the windshield . the car vanish behind sheet of rain . halsey ( continue ) why do you stop I from stop by that car ? no answer . halsey ( continue ) I ask you a question , man . I say I ask you a question . ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) 1 ryder scare ya ? halsey gimme a break . ryder scare ya ? halsey the ride 's over . he steer the car over to the embankment and shift angrily to " park . " halsey look Ryder in the eye . halsey ( continue ) Goodbye . the hitcher do not move a muscle . something about he be very powerful . halsey ( continue ) get out . Ryder 's gaze be very , very dangerous . the kid hold it but sweaty fear be set in . condensation fog up the window . the sound of breathe and heartbeat . Jim drop he eye . Ryder be not go to move and halsey know he can not make he . ryder what you be go to do be drive . halsey oh boy . the kid reluctantly do what he be tell . the camaro glide back onto the interstate . the sky be now blue and faint dawn light fall on the two man . there be no other car in sight . halsey ( continue ) what be wrong with that car back there ? ryder why ? halsey think I see something be all . ( continued ) 1 continued : ( 4 ) ryder like ? halsey nothin’ . ryder like ? halsey it be not anything . ryder like ? halsey trick of the light . ryder I be warnin ' you . halsey well , blood . ryder blood ? halsey blood . ryder you do . halsey wonderful . ryder do ya know why there halsey dunno . ryder guess . halsey get I . ryder guess . halsey do not want to . be blood ? ( continued ) continued : ( 5 ) 1 ryder ask . halsey so where do you want I to drop you ? ryder ask . say , " John , why be there blood ? " halsey Drop it . ryder I be warning you . halsey John , why be there blood ? ryder because I be dracula . I always keep a warm , wet supply on hand when I drive . halsey you be play with my head , be not you ? ryder you be such a asshole you will believe any dumb shit . halsey so what 's the real story with that car back there ? ryder ran out of gas . halsey so you want to find a gas station ? ryder it would help . the kid breathes a sigh of relief . ryder ( continue ) Gas station have cigarettes and I need some smoke . ( continued ) ( 6 ) 1 halsey what about gas ? ryder I do not need no gas . the kid 's spirit sink . halsey how be you gonna drive without gas ? ryder I do not drive . halsey what do you want ? the hitcher chuckle . halsey ( continue ) what 's so funny ? ryder that 's what she say . halsey who be she ? ryder " she " be the girl that be drive that car back there . she 's the one who pick I up before you do . the kid be quivering with fright . squint through the windshield , he see a sign whiz by . " pay toll . Ryder have he eye set on halsey and do not spot it . the kid accelerate . halsey where be she ? ryder I be sure she 's still back there . she could not have walk very far . halsey why 's that ? ryder because I cut she leg off . and she arm . and she head . ( continued ) continued : ( 7 ) 1 halsey wow . ryder and I be go to do the same to you . they face be shine on by the glitter illuminate tollbooth plaza just a few hundred yard away . four highway patrol car be park by the side of the structure . Jim steer out of the exact change lane towards one of the manned booth . Jim turn he head to stare square in Ryder 's face . he gather up a mouthful of saliva and spit it at he . drool dribble down the hitcher 's cheek . he be un - ruffle as the camaro ease onto the ramp into the terminal . the car nestle in next to the window . Green light flash red . Guard gatepost wind down . Ryder cup he hand over halsey 's crotch . metallic SNAP . a switchblade knife be secrete in the palm . the razor edge be laid against the fly of Jim 's pants . the smile run away from the kid 's face . ryder do not . the toll attendant be a tobacco- chew old geezer . he roll he eye as he see the two man in the car , one with he hand on the other 's private . Ryder blow he a smooch . the geezer grimace in disgust , flick he finger impatiently . toll attendant come on . let 's go , sweetheart . the kid be pour sweat . Raw desperation . he try to catch the old man' eye . the toll attendant will not acknowledge he , aloof . the hitcher fetch a crumpled greenback from he rain - coat pocket . he squeeze Jim 's finger around it . ryder pay the man . Jim start to offer the bill . he hold he breath as he see damp splotches of fresh blood smear the face of George Washington . he might have a hope . ( continued ) continued : ( 8 ) 1 just a small one . he hold the bill out he window , gozy side up , for the attendant to take . the geezer snatch it and plop it into the cash drawer without so much as a second glance . Jim emit 4 choke sob , gritting he tooth as Ryder apply a bit of pressure to the knife against he genitals . ryder ( continue ) drive . Red light flash green . Guard gatepost wind up . halsey clamp he eye tight shut . he put he sneaker down on the gas pedal and press it in , leg shaking . the camaro vroom out of the tollbooth plaza . the two -lane blacktop ahead be desert of car as far as the eye can see , utterly desolate and a inconsol - ably bleak place to die . the hitcher rest the razor blade edge of the shiv on the ridge of Jim 's eye socket . he delicately prick the pinpoint tip on the white of he eyeball . tear stream from the duct . Jim keep he gaze religiously fix on the road . ryder ( continue ) ya wanna know what happen to a eyeball when it get puncture ? it deflate like a balloon and all the goo ooze out . halsey great . Ryder scrape the switchblade in a red scratch line down halsey 's cheek and over the jut of he jawbone . he indent the point on Jim 's throbbing jugular vein . ryder ya get any idea how much blood jet out of a guy 's neck when he throat 's be slit ? gallon . you will be up to you ankle in the stuff . halsey what do you want ? ryder I want you to stop I . ( continued ) continued : ( 9 ) 1 halsey you get the knife . you would stick I with it before I could do anything . ryder that 's right , I would . I be go to . so what do you get to lose ? stop I . halsey I can not . A. dark , damp stain spread across the leg of Jim 's the hitcher notice it and go berserk . ryder ya piss you pants , ya - vegetable ! ya think that 's gonna save you ass ! ya wanna know why I be gonna gut ya like a fish ? even the lowest of animal get the survival reflex to fight back when its life be on the line . if ya be not get that , you be like some jelly amoeba with no backbone or spine and ya be not fit to live . I be gonna hack you up , chop you apart piece by piece , and I swear you be gonna be conscious during surgery . halsey please , I will do anything you want , man . ryder anything ? halsey anything . ryder say four word . halsey okay . ryder say , " I want to die . '' halsey " I want to die " ? ( continued ) will . continued : ( 10 ) . 1 ryder no , say it . halsey I dunno if I can say ... say that . ryder sure ya can . repeat after I . " I ... " halsey " I - I ... " ryder " want ... " halsey '' want ... '' ryder " to ... " halsey " t-to ... " ryder " die . " halsey stutter . stammer . ryder ( cont would ) " die . " Jim 's eye chance on the speedometer gauge . two illum - inate word in red . " door ajar . " face bloat , flushed with adrenalin , he suck in air . halsey " I do not want to dielli " the kid ramrod he shoulder into Ryder 's torso . the hitcher be slam into the passenger door it spring open , jettison he out onto -- ext . interstate highway 10 - day 2 Ryder tumble head over heel into the rip wind , somersault down onto the hard blacktop , roll loose - limb over and over and over . flopping like a limp rag doll onto he belly , he recede away into a black speck in the -- int . '79 camaro - day 3 -- rearview mirror . the dot evaporate from view . halsey be space out , jaw droop , out of it . the road roar through the open door . he lean over and yank it shut . sit up straight . he pat he forearm , knee and stomach and feel he face to assure himself that they be all intact . a astonished expression hit he face . he laugh and cheer hysterically . he slap on the dashboard and pound on the aluminum roof and drum on the steering wheel and punch the horn repeatedly . honk ! honk ! honk ! honk ! honk ! ext . interstate highway 10 - back down the road - day 4 John Ryder be sprawle and splay akimbo on the muddy tarmac . finger scrape raw . twitch . White eye pop open in a wild kabuki mask of a face . War paint streak cf rainy grime anc gore . his body quiver and contract in wrack stab of pain . shake , he rise to he hand and knee . a string of pink drool dribble from the contort ori - fice of he mouth . stoop over , he stagger onto he foot and sway , unsure of foot . bent , he stumble around the blacktop search for something . locate it , he grab it up off the ground . the switchblade shiv get clench so hard in he fist he knuckle go white . the hitcher stand tall and awful on the empty freeway , stare in the direction the kid have fle . his lip pull back in a ear to ear death 's head grin . int . '79 camaro - day 5 Jim lay back in he seat , smoking a cigarette , spend and gloriously happy . one hand guide the steering wheel . he wear a beautific expression behold the badland spread out on all side of he . droplet of rain be drying on the windshield so he turn off the wiper . the titanic black storm cloud be behind he . ( continued ) continued : 5 ahead , the great ceiling of sky glow with a silver light that make the desert incandescent . the sun be just about to rise and the world shine with a newness and freshness that suggest someone just take the saran wrap off it . Jim 's face become waxy as he adrenalin high wear off and he start to come down . look chalky and sick , he steer he car over to the gravel shoulder and shift to " park . " urgently , he bolt out of he door onto -- ext . interstate highway 10 - day 6 wretching and heaving , he get on he knee and chuck he gut onto the tarmac . he catch he breath when he inside be empty and climb back into the -- int . '79 camaro - day 7 he turn over the ignition and roll back onto the road . accelerate to speed , he shake he head to himself . halsey welcome to Texas . the SOUND of a engine behind he . the kid consult the rearview mirror . a Ford station wagon swell in the oval glass . it flash its brights alert it 's go to pass . Jim watch it out he side window as it go on ahead , alongside . a middle - age mother regards he blankly out the pas - senger window , she hair set in pink curler . the car advance onwards , and three child come into view . face press flat against the glass of the rear compartment . they stick out they tonque , shoot at Jim with plastic pistol and rifle . halsey chuckle and return he eye to the road , set - tling back in he seat . the station wagon glide on ahead , slide over into he lane . the kid jolt bolt upright , stricken speechless . ( continued ) 14 . continued : 7 the scalding visage of John Ryder glare at he through the back tailgate window , shrink away as the car . pick up speed . Jim leap into action . he flatten the horn button , blaring it unremittingly . he hit the hi-beam . halsey smack the steering wheel . halsey no , you stupid shit ! Jim crane he neck to scout the oncoming lane . no car there as far as the eye can see . he wheel the camaro over the solid yellow line to the wrong side of the road , stomping on the gas pedal . in second he be racing nose to nose with the station wagon . the driver be the father . a stern -face , crew -cutte man who look at Jim like he 's some kind of nut . the kid lean over to unwind the passenger window . as he do so he inadvertently weave he car treacher - ously inward . when he sit back up the dad be beeping he horn and angrily shouting in he direction . the kid holler word of warning at the top of he lung . his voice be drown out by the roar of the road . frustrate , he try exaggerated physical ges - ture , unaware of how ludicrous they come off . the father respond with a hand signal of he own . a jabbe , upraise middle finger . with that , he give he car some gas and the station wagon lunge on ahead . halsey be undaunted . gritting he tooth , he throw the camaro into second . the eight - cylinder muscle car easily catch up with the rinky - dink Ford . the kid look over to see the father miming another hand sig - nal . forefinger frantically point ahead , a frighten look on he face . the booming blast of a horn . Jim 's eye snap front and he scream . a trailway bus be rear up , bear down on he . Jim hand - over-hand 's the wheel , steering he car in a right angle to the leave . the silver cruiser chariot past . too close . ( continued ) 15 . continued : ( 2 ) 7 a jarring SOUND of mashing metal . the camaro be strike on the rear bumper and sledgehammered into a 360 degree spin-out . halsey hang onto the steering wheel for dear life as the view through the windshield become a loonily swirl blur of desert and highway . squall of torture rubber . when everything settles down , Jim open he eye to see he car be sit in the middle of the interstate . he be breathe in spurt and sweating all over . behind he , the bus have pull over to the side of the road . daze and somewhat incohe - rent , halsey wipe a trickle of blood away from the corner of he mouth . shut he eye , he try to settle down . halsey cool down . down , boy . whoa . cool out . the kid turn on the ignition . the camaro shimmy and shake but turn over . he put down the accelerator . the car roll out into the westerly lane . he 's in business again . Jim squint up the straightaway . not a trace of the station wagon to be see . he put the pedal to the metal and shift up to second . the sport car thrust beneath he . he throw the stick into third . the camaro buck like a bronco into high gear . the speedometer climb steadily . 80 . 85 . 90 . 100 . 110 . 115 . 120 . 125 mph . a speck appear up ahead . the speck become a dot . the dot rearrange into the now familiar tailgate of the Ford station wagon . the kid shift down to first and lift he foot off the gas pedal . Space close . he squint through the windshield in suspense . the station wagon be sit at a standstill in the middle of the road . Jim slow he speed and steer he car alongside the stop station wagon . he turn he head to look out he window at it . the windshield be gruesomely smear with finger paint streak of bright red blood . halsey turn a whiter shade of pale . he scream and scream again , until he throat be raw and hoarse and only a rasp come out . he stamp he foot on the accelerator and do not stop . he drive on down the road at full - tilt , forget to breathe . he stare straight ahead , not dare to look ack . 16 . ext . ghost gas depot - interstate highway 10 - day 8 a derelict , abandon service and fueling station . the office and garage be bomb out . there be a black - crater in the asphalt where the pump once stand . the camaro barrel into the driveway and stop ina skid . Jim leave the engine run . he shamble out of the car and hurry around the obliterate premise , search . halsey telephone ... he walk into the cave cavity of the -- int . garage - day 9 Inside , all be gut and blacken by fire . a few melt tire be weld together in a morbid , grotesquely suggestive mass in the corner . dim light digging in the dirty window show the shape of a pay phone wall unit next to the glass pane . halsey run over to it . he pick up the receiver and let out a sigh of relief when get a dial tone . Fish - ing in he jeans for a dime , he plug one into the slot , dial up 911 . he wait , tapping he foot . halsey hello ? hello , police ? you gotta listen to I . I be out here about ten mile past the toll booth on the interstate ... crash ! a familiar fist punch through a pane of glass , shat - tering shard . a switchblade stab for he armpit as Jim wrench out of the way , holler . the hand with the shiv entangle itself in the phone cord , neatly snipping it in two . a dead line . the kid shuffles back toward the rear of the garage . his hand be clamp onto the severe receiver as he back himself into a corner . the open to the garage be emblazon by the molten red fireball of the rise sun , erupting over the desert horizon , spew fiery river across the burn sky . ( continued ) 10 continued : 9 the silhouette of John Ryder step into view , frame against the blaze sunrise . as he approach , the steel blade glimmer in he hand as if it be red hot . halsey wallop the burn brick masonry with the phone receiver in he fist . he hold it out threateningly . his muscular young form shake from head to foot . halsey c'mon ! the hitcher do not say a word . he take a few more step and stop where he be stand . purposefully , he outstretch he arm . there be something in he fist . he revolve he wrist until the palm be downward . he open he hand and something metallic and glittery drop onto the ground with a jingle . Ryder turn on he heel and walk back from whence he come , disappear - ing from view as he be swallow up by the flame sky . Jim watch he go , uncomprehend . venture over to the spot on the ground where the object be drop , he stoops down to retrieve it . halsey rub it in he finger , confuse . his ring of car key . the kid trod over to the gateway and stick he head out to peer around . a stale , dry breeze be whisk up the dust at he foot . Ill at ease , he step out onto -- ext . ghost gas depot - day 10 outside , the little wind be shaping up into a freak dust storm . grit and dirt be sweep up and swirl into tiny twister whipping around the lot . Jim have to shield he face with he forearm . squint against the blow scrub , he can see the scarecrow figure of John Ryder stand stone still on the edge of the highway . his black raincoat be flap - ping around he skeletal frame , bony body buffett by gust of tumbleweed , sassafras and sand . his hand extend in Jim 's direction , finger beckone , compelling . come . the hitcher become obscure behind a haze of desert debris . halsey clap he hand over he face and peer through the space between he finger . ( continued ) 10 11 18 . continued : 10 the cloud of fly matter die down long enough to discern the blurry outline of Ryder . his hand be still hold out , but this time it be toward the road . this time he thumb be extend . the dust storm wreathes he in a brownish smoke screen of dirt . molten red taillight melt through . the shadow shape of a black pickup truck . all at once the ground be upheave in a howling hurricane of sand and scrub . the truck be erase from view . halsey take off in a run in that direction . he wave he arm and yell , but he voice be drown out in the dust STORM din . he get nowhere fast . his body be pummelle by the blister wind and debris . halsey do not pick that guy up ! do not ! as quickly as it rise up , the tumult die down . the wind sigh into a breeze and whisper away into still - ness and a uncanny silence . straw , dirt , tumbleweed , sand and scrub settle into a fine carpet of dust as visibility return . the kid wipe off he face with he tee-shirt . dis - orient , get he bearing , he see he be stand alone on the dirty blacktop of interstate highway 10 . John Ryder and the black pickup truck be go . halsey ponder the key ring in he sweaty palm , then he look up resolutely into the highway 's middle distance , into the vanish point . halsey okay . you get it . he sprint over to the camaro and hop inside . the motor roar on and revs up in snort of exhaust . it tear out of the station and onto the westbound freeway in a squeal of burnt rubber tread mark . as it rocket up the road , it disappear from sight in its smokey wake . the chase be on . int . ' 79 camaro - day 11 halsey 's feature be tight with concentration and intent as he scout the onrush interstate , eye scan leave , then right , finger wrap firmly around the steering wheel . he twist he wrist to uncover he timex . 5:35 a.m . ( continued ) 11 continued : will the world be waking up . Morning rush hour traffic parade by in the opposite lane . a motorcade of tractor- trailer eighteen - wheeler , a yellow school bus , a milk truck , a few commuter economy car on the way to work somewhere . the routine daybreak traffic proce - sion return some sense of normalcy and sanity to the highway that be so psychotically surreal only minute before . the car be turn they headlight off . keeping a sharp lookout , Jim uncap the coffee thermos he have rest on the dashboard , sip the steaming liquid . a marlboro billboard sail by . he grit he tooth in a caffeine rush satisfaction , screwing the cap back on the hot java . he check the rearview mirror . the road behind be as empty as the one still to come . he lift the container to place it back on the dash - board . carooooooqooommmmmph ! | ! the camaro be lambast from behind . the car be rock by a shocking seizure that whiplash halsey 's forehead into the steering wheel with terrific force . the thermos leap out of he hand and douse he lap with scalding liquid . Jim bark in pain , jump in he seat . recovering he sense quickly enough to regain control of the car , he fire off a glance into the rearview mirror . the back shield be fill with the front end of the black pickup truck . it be suggestive of a skull with its grin iron grill and darken headlamp socket . a bleach cow skull be rig on the hood . once again it charge into the rear bumper , jackhammer - ing the camaro . the car be violently jarre , slipslid - ing in and out of its lane before regain traction . the truck thunder up alongside . Jim be get des - perate by degree . he stomp on the accelerator and shift down to gain power and speed as he vehicle lunge beneath he . the pickup 's engine growls and it pick up speed . it easily resume its side - by-side position . without warning , the truck dive in across the white line and piledrive itself into the leave side of the camaro . ( continued ) 11 12 continued : 11 the driver 's door buckle in and Jim be flung i '' helplessly into the next seat , finger pried free of the wheel . he clamber back into position , but it 's too late . the car be bound off the road and all he can do be step on the brake . the camaro nosedive into a irrigation ditch , come to rest half in and half out , lift at a angle . halsey grimace , moan in pain as he cut the igni - tion . look over at the nearby highway , he see the pickup 's tail end shrink away in the trail cloud of dirt . go . the kid tenderly touch a welling well on he fore - head . his brow knit in anger . he spit . he switch on the ignition and revs the eight - cylinder engine until it roar and roar . confident he car be intact , he shift into first . the camaro jounce as it climb out of the water channel and back onto the gravel shoulder . halsey peer leave and right . see the interstate be clear , he accelerate back onto it . a blue road sign whizze by . '' gas . next exit . 1/4 mile . " Jim check the fuel gauge on the dashboard . the needle pin be into the red shading on the " E " end . swear , he tap up the signal stick and slow to enter the exit ramp . over a small upgrade , at the base of the downgrade by the little intersection , he ease to a halt by the stop sign . a texaco gas depot be across the way . tower twin pinion support a illuminate signboard high overhead . a metal drawhorse read " close " rest on the driveway . Jim 's eye stare without blink , he tongue wetting he lip suddenly go dry . the black pickup truck be park at the curb of the lot inside . very slowly , the kid drive he car across the intersection . climb he car up on the curb of the smooth cement paveway of the gas station , he park at the base of the ramp . shut off the camaro , he pocket the key . unhitch the door , he climb out onto -- ext . texaco service station - day 12 halsey walk around the rear of he car to the trunk . ( continued ) 12 13 14 continued : 12 the back fender be bent and dent in and he tail - light be smashed . inserting he key , he lift open the storage compartment . a goodyear radial , a lug wrench and a tire iron lie inside . he take up the crowbar and swing down the trunk door . Jim wield the iron like a crowbar and hike up the asphalt ramp onto the cement paveway . the black pickup truck be park across from the gas pump . it sit sheeny as a big beetle in the hot sun . to the leave of it be another lot surround by a six - foot-high wood slat fence . the kid take a few more pace , then stop . he can see from where he 's stand that the cab of the truck be empty . he give the station a once over . nothing and nobody in plain sight . he make he way around to the rear of the low white office building . two door against the wall . " '' Men . " " lady . " the woman 's restroom door be slightly ajar . Jim bring the tire iron high up over he shoulder and sidle up against the wall . he count under he breath . he launch off a kick that burst open the door , bust - ing he way into -- int . lady room - texaco service station - day 13 the kid wheel around with the crowbar poise . the light be out and the room be empty . he nudge the door to the toilet stall open with the toe of he pro ked . also empty . he shrug and relax . he walk out into -- ext . texaco service station - day 14 outside , he get back to business . clench the tire iron with one hand , he try the knob to the door of the men' room with the other . it will not budge . he press he ear flat against the door , but can detect no sound inside . the kid decide to check around front again . ( continued ) 14 22 . continued : 14 he go the other direction this time . turn the corner of the building , he spot the black pickup truck sit where it be before . about twenty yard from the slat fence . he cautiously go over to it . up on he tip toe to peer into the driver 's seat . nobody home . down on he hand and knee to peek below the chassis . no one hide beneath . he scratch he head . a idea come to he . he walk around front and examine the grill and front fender . spotless . not a scratch on it . halsey this be not the same truck . Jim slog back around the leave side . resting he butt against the rim of the tire , he light up a cigarette . kab rrraaaaaasssssshhhhhh ! ! ! a second black pickup truck explode through the picket fence in a eruption of splintering chunks of wood planking . it come charge straight for the kid like a rampaging steer . a ccw skull be rig on the hood . halsey come alive , swan-dive through the air out of the path of the pickup . he land hard on the cement in a belly roll just as the truck batter - ram its brother . the first pickup be tip over onto its side . with a grinding snarl of shifting gear , the black pickup truck screech into reverse and squeal forward with a snort of exhaust . Jim get to he foot and run for he life . the pickup rear up behind he like a black bull . Jim fake the truck out by break off to the right and dodging in between the four gas pump . the pickup speed past , slamm on its brake . it do a full turnaround with almost animalistic agility . spew out noxious carbon monoxide fume , it barrel headlong for the pump stall the kid be climb through . bbarrrraaaaannnnkkkkkkk ! ! 1 the truck bulldoze into the first row of pump , crump - ling they into hunk of twisted steel under its tire . geyser jet of Super preminium and regular unlead skyrocket into the air from the underground tank . ( continued ) 14 15 23 . continued : ( 2 ) 14 Jim be catch square in the chest by a fly gas hose handle and go toppling onto he back . gasoline rain down on he , dousing he in a spread pool . in second he be drench with the stuff . the kid start to scramble to he foot . the black pickup truck roar straight for he . Jim slip on the viscous petrol and drop again . the truck be on top of he and it stop with its tire tread touch he sneaker sole . halsey stare in raw animal terror at the skull - face front end of the vehicle loom over he . it sit there for long , terrible moment . finger lake of petrol flow down the lot and ramp , stream around the camaro 's whitewalls . the driver 's window of the black pickup truck roll down . a familiar blanch , bony hand hold out a stick match between thumb and forefinger . it strike it up with the thumbnail in a flash of flame . the hand hold the burn match out over the sea of gasoline the kid be take a bath in . the flicker flame roast away the wood stick , singeing the flesh of the fingertip . Jim can stand it no longer . he leap to he foot and bolt in the direction of he park car , sneaker splash through stream of texaco plus . the match be drop . wwwhhhhhhhhooooooossssssshhhhh ! !! a fulgeration of firecloud . the flame blaze a fiery trail along the ocean of petrol , chase he and catch up . halsey scatter as fast as he foot will carry he , but the fiery lick be snap at he heel . if it touch he he will ignite like a human torch . he arrive at the camaro in the nick of time , diving headfirst through the open door into the front seat as the car be immerse in a swamp of burn gasoline . int . ' 79 camaro - day 15 dripping with petrol and perspiration from the intense heat , Jim drag the door close . he jam the key in the ignition and take position behind the wheel . the engine turn over . throw the car into gear , he stamp he foot down on the gas pedal . ( continued ) 15 16 24 . continued : 15 the windshield be awash with red and yellow fire . for a second it be unclear whether the car be even ~ move . suddenly , the windshield flash a view of the interstate 10 overpass and the intersection beneath . out of pure reflex , halsey manage to swerve the car into the right side of the road and hurtle off down it . Home free . he let out a hysterical howl of glee when he realize he have once again survive , shifting straight up to third and put the pedal to the metal . the perspec - tive of the road ahead seem to flatten as he thunder - ball down the two - lane strip . he be try to cover as much ground as he can before the texaco gas depot blow sky-high . bbbbaaaaarrrrrroooocoooqooocommmmm ! I ! a blind flash white - out the world as far as the eye can see . the camaro be tremore by a earth-shake shock wave . the deafen explosion give way to a ringing silence . halsey keep mumble word to himself over and over and over as he drive on and on and on . halsey it 's over , buddy , it 's over buddy , it 's over buddy it 's over buddy it 's over ... a signpost wing on past . " '' food / Rest 1 / 2 mile . " a " longhorn sirloin Burger " restaurant approach ahead . Jim can barely drive anymore . he have to keep he hand glue to the steering wheel . he keep it together enough to negotiate the simple turn into the parking lot and put he car into one of the space . halsey turn off the camaro . he step on the emergency brake . shoulder open the door , he achingly rise out of the car into -- ext . parking lot - longhorn sirloin burger 16 restaurant - day Jim stretch and shake he head around to clear it , still in a semi-state of shock . he be sopping with gasoline , he soak clothes drip a puddle of regular and unlead onto the asphalt . he wrinkle he nose when he get a whiff of himself . ( continued ) 16 17 25 . continued : 16 halsey shoulder the strap of he duffel bag and close the door of he car . he shuffles up the step to the restaurant and shamble to the glass door . a waitress be behind the pane of glass , in the process of unlock it with a key in she hand . the girl be a pretty , plain young woman of 22 with a simple , rural face and strong , straight - ahead eye . she be just push open the door as she look up and see the soile , strung - out kid . Rolling she eye , she pull on the door to shut it . Jim catch the handle and hold it half open as she hold it half close . waitress we be not open yet . halsey do you have a phone ? I gotta use a phone . waitress I say we be shut . the young man and the young woman be have a tug of war with the door . halsey you gotta let I use you phone ! waitress I will call the cop ! the kid stop pull against it and push in with the waitress . she stumble back , out of balance . he slump through the door into -- int . dine room - longhorn sirloin burger 17 restaurant — day Jim be suddenly stand inside the shop . the place be devoid of diner and employee . the two of they be all by themselves . the waitress find she foot and grab a napkin dispenser . she face he and threaten to throw it . waitress get out of here or I will crown you ! halsey all I wanna do be use you phone ! I will be right out ! ( continued ) continued : 17 waitress get you butt out of this restaurant this goddamn instant ! halsey God , what 's it gonna take for somebedy to show some compassion ? do not you see I be through some serious shit here ? the kid be close to tear . the waitress see the upset on he face and she eye soften . she shake she head sympathetically and set the napkin container on the counter . waitress look at you . you want to use the phone , go right ahead . halsey thank you . I really mean it . waitress do you want something to eat ? halsey I could use something actually . waitress do you have the money to pay for it ? Jim lighten up and chuckle . halsey oh boy , I must look pretty disreputable . it 's okay . I be cool for cash . halsey reach into the open pocket of he leather jacket and draw out he wallet , flipping open the billfold to show she several dollar inside . the waitress put she hand on she hip and guffaw . Jim grin boyishly , glad he 's find a friend . he hold out he hand . halsey ( continue ) I be Jim . waitress glad to meet you . I be Galveston and I be not go to get within a mile of you till you scrub off that gas . ( continued ) 17 18 continued : ( 2 ) 17 halsey yeah , sure . gal you get some fresh , clean clothes in that bag ? halsey yeah . gal good . Change into them . go make you phone call . i'11 cook you a cheeseburger . halsey hey . she smile at he and wave she hand . he grin like a idiot at she cheerful mother and remove he leather jacket , slide it over one of the stool at the counter . he put he wallet in the open pocket and walk around the corner towards the bathroom and the pay phone section . the waitress go into the kitchen . the jacket sit sling over the stooi in the desert dining room . int . pay phone section - longhorn sirloin burger 18 restaurant - day Jim put down he duffel bag by the unit and pick up the receiver , insert a dime and dial up " 0 . " halsey Operator ? hook I up with the highway patrol . it 's a emergency so hurry it up ... sergeant , my name 's Jim halsey . get something to write with , man . I see some stuff . what 's it about ? it 's about the family that get waste in the station wagon and the texaco station that get blow up a coupla minute ago . why do not you get where I be and I will give you the rundown . i'1l see you in a few minute , okay ? oh yeah , the address . I be sit at the longhorn sirloin Burger off of interstate 10 . I '11 wait for you . so long , sergeant . halsey hang up and grab he duffel bag . he head to the door and push through it into -- 19 20 28 . int . men' room - longhorn sirloin burger restaurant - 19 day the kid put he duffel bag on the sink . he look in the mirror and get he first look at he grisly , grimy appearance . he do a double take . halsey Holy shit . Jim turn on the spigot and splashes water on he face . halsey dry himself off with a paper towel and look into the mirror . Little improvement . the kid zip open he bag and draw out a fresh pair of jeans , a white tee-shirt , clean sock and underwear , a toothbrush , toothpaste and dental floss . he peel off he gas-coate undershirt and pitch the sopping rag into the rubbish . he pull off he damp and dirty blue jeans and dump they in the trash bin . he strip out of he petrol - soak underclothes and deposit they in the refuse . nake , he clothes he muscular , lean body in he clean , dry garment . the kid look a little refresh . he go to the sink and brushes he tooth , floss and gargle with tap water . he spit foamy froth in the basin and look himself over in the mir - ror . possibility . Jim put the toothpaste , brush and dental floss back in the bag and zip it up . he shouider the strap and walk out the door . int . dine room - longhorn sirloin burger restaurant 20 - day the kid walk around to the counter . the room be de - serted . a cheeseburger and fries platter be set down beside a cup of coffee . Jim lay he bag on the floor and put on he leather jacket , sit on the stool . he look around for the waitress , shrug he shoulder and take a sip of the coffee . Galveston come out of the kitchen . she raise she eyebrow and smile when she see the new , improve young man at the counter . halsey can I stay ? gal soap and water do wonder for you . be you alright ? ( continued ) 20 29 . continued : : 20 halsey I will be okay . you be really nice . gal what in the world happen to you ? Jim stare into he coffee cup and shiver . he take a sip and look at the girl . balsey if it 's all the same to you , I would like to talk about something else . Galveston shrug and lean back against the wall . halsey be space . gal you be not from around here , be you ? halsey I come from Ohio . gal what bring you out here ? halsey : I grow up in this town call buford . you be drive down the road , you see this sign that say , " you be now enter buford . " the other side of the sign say , " you be now leave buford . '' place get a little old after awhile . I hit the road . Heard there be work in Texas , so I come down to check it out . gal what if you can not find a job ? halsey I will check out California . gal you do not sit still , do you ? halsey ai not see the place I be gonna make my stand be all . I still get some adventure to do before I shift into low gear . ( continued ) 20 21 30 . continued : ( 2 ) 20 the kid laugh . gal ~ what 's so funny ? halsey I get all the adventure I can use this day . Jim have take a hearty mouthful of he cheeseburger . he stop chew all of a sudden , a puzzle expression on he face . he feel the top of the bun with he fingertip . halsey lay the burger back down on the plate and flip the bread lid . the kid choke on the morsel of food in he mouth and start to gag . a disembody human eyeball float gorily glassy on a bed of gooey cheese . Jim swat the plate off the counter , send it sailing against the wall and shatter to smithereen . Galveston put she hand over she mouth , shock -stricken at the spectacle . halsey stagger off the seat and stumble around , cough , choke to death . he jam the small of he back against one of the stool and punch himself with both fist in the solar plexus . the bit of food be disgorge from he windpipe . he sit on the floor in a stupor . suddenly he be on he foot , in too much pain and shock to speak as he flee out the door of the restaurant . the waitress be speechless . she gather herself to - gether and walk to the window , watch the kid scramble down the staircase . ext . parking lot - longhorn sirloin burger restaurant 21 - day Jim scatter across the parking lot . he stop in he track . a highway patrol car dip up the ramp and drive into the lot in he direction . halsey put himself in the path of the oncoming police car . he flag he hand above he head , wave it down . halsey hey ! wait , guy ! ( continued ) 21 22 31 . continued : 21 the patrol car jam on its brake and jerk to a halt . the side door be heave open and trooper dodge and trooper donner land on the pavement on one knee . they draw out they .357 magnum from they sideholster ~ with practice liquidity , take two -hande aim at the kid . sunlight glint off they mirrore shade . trooper donner put you hand in the air and get down on the ground ! Jim be stunne . he just stand freeze with a stupid look on he face . halsey you get it wrong , guy ! trooper dodge get you ass down on the cement or we open fire ! put you hand up ! halsey do what he be tell . put he hand behind he head , he climb down onto he knee and flatten himself face - first on the cement . the highway patrolmen hurry over to where he lie . trooper donner do you have any identification with you ? halsey my wallet 's in the pocket of my jacket . trooper donner , a seasoned senior officer , look on as trooper dodge , a redneck rookie , crouch down and run he hand on the side of the kid 's leather coat . he stick he finger in the pocket and pull out some - thing other than a wallet the two policeman stare at . John Ryder 's switchblade shiv , spiderwebbed with sticky blood . Jim turn he head to look over he shoulder . he see it and start to say something . trooper dodge look down at he , red with rage . int . dine room - longhorn sirloin burger restaurant 22 - day Galveston be still stand stare out of the window at the spectacle in the parking lot . ( continued ) 22 23 32 . continued : 22 she put she hand on she mouth as she see Jim halsey rise to he hand and knee and trooper dodge send he shoe squarely in he face , sock he senseless . the waitress rush out the door of the restaurant in alarm . ext . parking lot - " longhorn sirloin burger " 23 restaurant - day the kid be bleed from a bruise well on he mouth as he be drag to he foot and push over the hood of the highway patrol car by the roughneck cop . trooper dodge clip a set of silver handcuffs off he belt and clap they around Jim 's wrist . trooper donner pull he rule book out of he back pocket and flip to a specific page . trooper donner you have the right to remain silent ... a shout attract the attention of the two policeman . they turn they head to see Galveston run down the stair of the restaurant and across the lot , stop and stand in appal silence , squinting squeamishly at the scene . Jim stare at she stuperously . gal what 's go on ? trooper dodge get back inside , miss . gal what do he do for you to work he over like that ? trooper donner this psychotic have slaughter ten people on the highway in the last two day . we find this switchblade in he jacket and it fit the apb on the airwave . the policeman show the girl the shiv in the handker - chief . halsey shake he head slowly . she look back and forth between the kid and the cop , not know what to think . Jim shut he eye and slump as trooper donner read off he rights . trooper dodge open the rear door of the car . ( continued ) 23 24 25 continued : 23 trooper dodge let 's take this piece of crap in . the two highway patrolmen shove the kid into the back seat and shut the door . the cop climb into the front seat and switch on the cherry - top . the car hang a huey and head out of the parking lot . Galveston stand on the asphalt in a cloud of exhaust , watch the police car drive away up the road , smooth ~ ing she hair with she hand . ext . highway patrol roadside stationhouse # 4 - day 24 a small , l-shape building of drab green brick . a driveway lead down to it off the busy thoroughfare of interstate highway 10 . the squad car turn off the freeway and pull up in front of the glass door of the main entrance . trooper donner and dodge drag the limp Jim halsey out of the back , haul he through the door into the -~ int . front office - highway patrol stationhouse # 4 - 25 day a big room with four desk set on the floor . numerous file cabinet flank a wall case of rifle and shotgun . a computer bank connect to a main data terminal be in a corner . a photography setup complete with a box camera on a tripod , a 1 - k lamp on a stand , and a back - drop of grey seamless fill another corner . there be only one officer in the building . desk sergeant starr be fetching a cup of coffee from a bub - bling percolater . he look up , stir in sugar , to see trooper donner and trooper dodge come in with the worse - for-wear Jim halsey . desk sergeant starr what have we get here ? trooper dodge swallow that coffee in you mouth . desk sergeant starr gulp . trooper dodge we get we the hitcher . ( continued ) continued : 25 desk sergeant starr bullshit . trooper donner kid have a switchblade that fit the general description the forensic people send out . desk sergeant starr Book he . Jim be lead over to one of the desk with a olivetti lexicon 83 dl on it . trooper dodge see to handcuff he to the leg of the chair he sit he down on . trooper donner seat himself behind the desk and rum - mage through the stack of papers for a arrest form . he insert the report sheet into the typewriter and peck out preliminary information . desk sergeant Starr put he shoe on the tabletop and chew a chaw from a pack of Red man tobacco . Jim be bleary from the beat . trooper donner name ? halsey Jim halsey . desk sergeant starr do he have any identification on he ? Driver 's license ? credit card ? trcoper donner nope. nothin ' . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) 25 halsey I must have drop it back there at the restaurant . trooper donner where would you get the car ? halsey it 's a auto-drive - a - Way . it 's not mine . I be deliver the car to this guy in San Antonio . trooper donner do you have the registration ? halsey the car belong to the guy . call the auto-drive - a - Way office in Cleveland . I know the number . it 's ( 216 ) 676-4800 . trooper donner look at he a moment . he pick up the phone receiver and dial the number , switch on the speaker phone . the SOUND of a answering machine on the speaker phone . answering machine ( v.0o . ) you have reach the office of Cleveland auto-drive - a - Way . we be close on Saturday and Sunday but will reopen at 9:00 on Monday morning . the highway patrolman hang up . the kid look at the three cop . trooper donner tap a pencil in he palm . halsey call my mother , for christsake . she manage the buford 7 - 11 in Ohio . trooper donner you get one more call . halsey ( 216 ) 555-0980 . check she out . let I talk to she . the highway patrolman dial up the number . the SOUND of ringing on the speaker phone . it ring . ring . ring . ring . ring . ring . ring . the policeman hang up . ( continued ) 25 36 . continued : ( 3 ) 25 halsey ( continue ) «+ . maybe you do not give it 7 enough ring . the three highway patrolmen regard he stone - face . halsey ( continue ) «.. c'mon , guy , do I look like a bloodthirsty psycho to you ? trooper donner settles in he seat and scratch he nose . Jim look at the gas and grime stain on he skin and run he hand through he crumbly , crud-cake , uncomb hair . trooper dodge lean down and look he in the face . trooper dodge you open you mouth and say one more word and I be gonna take my stick and smash you tooth down you throat . trooper donner get he print , get he shot , get he lock up , get he out of my sight . trooper donner yank the arrest report sheet out of the typewriter spool and set out a ink pad . trooper dodge unlock the handcuffs , smear Jim 's finger - print onto the sponge and the ten digit onto the appropriate space on the paper . halsey do not dare resist . desk sergeant Starr go over to the photography rig in the corner . flick on the floodlight , he adjust the box camera and insert plastic numeral into a block with a neck strap . Jim be lead over to the seamless back in front of the lens . the numeralled block be sling around he neck . the flashbulb strobe four time as snapshot be take of he front and side view . despondent , the kid be lead away from the mug shot setup by trooper dodge . he be draw toward a door lead into a adjoin area . the rookie unlatch it and push the boy into -- 26 27 28 37 . int . cell block - highway patrol stationhouse # 4 - day 26 the two of they walk down the row of dull , cold metal - bar cubicle without say a word . they footfalls echo bleakly . all of the cage be empty . the cop select the one furthest down the line and open the gate with he ring of key . he stuff Jim roughly inside and slam the gate shut with a hopeless clang . he turn he back and walk back up the hall . the door slam . the kid be alone . Jim halsey be not look well . he start to wander around the cramped compartment in circle , stare at the wall . nervous energy presage a complete exhaus - tive collapse . halsey I do not believe this . I do not . the kid wilt to the ground and lie there in a heap . int . jail cell - cell block - day ( later ) 27 Jim halsey 's eye blink open , crust over . his cheek be squish against the cold stone floor . he groan and push himself ecnto he hand and knee , shaking he head around to clear it . it 's unclear how long he have be unconscious or how much time have elapse . Jim climb unhappily to he foot and stretch he aching bone with a grunt . rubbing he swollen jaw , he rest he weight against the gate . crreeeaaak . it spread wide open . the kid be throw off balance and , toppling out , nearly trip onto he duff . surprise , he hurry back into he cell , clos - ing the gate . he cling onto the bar , chew he lip . he scout he surroundings on all side . desert . a fraction of a inch at a time , so as not to make any sound , he reopen the gate , slip out into -- int . cell block - highway patrol stationhouse # 4 - 28 day Jim tiptoe across the hall and flatten himself against the wall . holding he breath , he steal step by step toward the door to the front office . ( continued ) 28 29 38 . continued : 28 he draw he tongue around he parched lip , wetting they , listen intently fer any sound and be care - ful not to make any of he own . arrive at the door frame , he squeeze up against it . he brace himself to make he move . halsey one ... two ... go for it ! Jim take off like a shot through the doorway into -- int . front office - highway patrol stationhouse # 4 - 29 day Jim tear into the room in a desperate break for the front doorway . after three pace he stop so short that he almost fall on he face . he stumble into the file cabinet , finger stuff in he mouth to keep he gorge down . buckle over , he wretch in dry heaving spasm . trooper donner be slump spread-eagled in he chair behind the typewriter . his throat be cut from ear to ear . trooper dodge be sprawle on the floor with he back propped up against the base of the wall , he stomach savage with stab wound . the carpet area seven foot around he be a sea of red wetness . his stainless steel .357 Magnum rest in he open palm , chalky finger beginning to stiffen with rigor mortis around the vulcanize rubber stock . desk sergeant Starr be crumpled over on he knee . his arm be hugging he belly and a sanguine stain flower he shirt . Jim gather himself together and get to he foot . he walk incredulously in and around the carnage . then he spot it . the bleach cow skull from the front of the black pickup truck be on the carpet . the eyesocket be cup with blood . Long red drip-drop like ghastly tear bleed down the toothy jawbone . with a scream , Jim stomp he sneaker down onto the skull , shatter it to smithereen . ( continued ) 29 30 continued : 29 fright and revulsion turn to raw panic . frantic , Jim scamper around the room try to decide the best . course of action . he do not know what to do with himself . the phone ring . ring again . and again . another phone ring . out of he mind with confusion , Jim sprint over to the butcher corpse of trooper dodge . he bend down on one knee and try to pry the stony finger from around the stock of the .357 Magnum . rock solid from rigor , they will not budge . halsey break the fingerbone at the knuckle , grimace squeamishly with each sickening SNAP . he twist the bulky pistol free . stand up , he test the weight of the gun and get the feel of it in he hand . he handle it clunkily and awkwardly . he stuff the barrel down into he belt underneath he white tee-shirt . he zip up he leather jacket to conceal it . the phone be ringing off the wall . the kid 's mind be fuzz tone . scatter across the room , he shoulder out of the glass coor into -- ext . highway patrol stationhouse # 4 - day 30 Jim halsey run at full - tilt out of the driveway and into the tall , dry crabgrass that line the roadside . a symphony of siren rise and stop he in he track . the kid hit the deck , ducking down onto he stomach in the weed to see a posse of five black and white police car blur past with they cherry - top flaring . peek through the grass blade , the young man watch they assemble and congregate in the driveway of the slaugh - terhouse stationhouse . ten trooper dash out of they vehicle and into the building . in a second , six of the cop scramble out the door and sprint into three of the squad car . in a squeal of smoking tire , the vehicle speed out onto the highway in opposite direc - tion . the kid wait until he be sure he be not be watch and take off out of he place of concealment . he run into a field of high weed as fast as he leg will carry he . he be run blind , he eye squeeze shut , he head throw back , he face flushed crimson . his fist be clench . ( continued ) 30 31 32 continued : 30 he run and run , he heart punch he chest , he lung tear out of he torso . his face be screw up in a mask of adrenalic agony . Jim start to lose steam and he stumble to a stop , stand and suck in air in spurting spasm , stroking he aching stomach . halsey survey he surroundings , scan for a sanctuary . : he see the silver eagle signpost of a small trailways bus station several hundred yard away , situate on a side road to the highway . scramble across the re=- mainder of the field , he step into the lot of the -- ext . parking lot - trailway bus station - day 31 the only cruiser presently at the gate be the one that just pull in and now it 's pull out . in a hiss of AIR brake , it start edging out of its dock . Jim bang on the door with he hand . it keep rever - ing backwards . halsey hey ! stop this thing ! this be my bus ! hey ! stop ! the bus driver ignore he . the bus maneuver around with a warning honk of its horn and rumble off toward the ramp to the side road . Jim be leave panting for air in a smoky fog of exhaust fume . he scoops a empty Dr. pepper can off the ground and chuck it at the tailgate of the bus . it clatter onto the ground as the cruiser disappear around the bend . the kid turn and schlep into -- int . waiting room and ticketing area - 32 trailway bus station - day as soon as he step inside he become awake and alert . he stay by the door with he hand rest on the reas - suring mound under he leather jacket . the room have a row of black plastic seat with 25 '' pay tvs attach to the armrest . a black Marine in uni - form sit patiently with he hand fold in he lap . a drunken cowboy with a cowhide face be slump over , wear a sheepskin coat and ten-gallon stetson . ( continued ) 32 41 . continued : 32 a cigarette be burn to the butt in he cattle- hoof hand . a mexican laborer with a ponytail dangle down the back of he denim jacket be cradling he snoozing nino on he knee . a backpacker be have a go with a beeping and chiming video game in the corner . no cop anywhere . yet . he loosen up a bit and fold up he collar as he cross over to the ticket counter . the ticketeer be a very fat black girl who smile at he through gob of lipstick . ticketeer May I help you ? halsey I would like a ticket on the next bus out . ticketeer to where , sir ? halsey anywhere . ticketeer sir? halsey whaddya get ? ticketeer well , we have a bus go to -- halsey when will it get here ? ticketeer it 's schedule to arrive any minute . halsey sound great . always want to go there . ticketeer that 's the number twelve and it 's head all the way to Seattle . halsey how far will this get I ? ( continued ) 32 33 42 . continued : ( 2 ) 32 he grope in he pocket and come up with a handful of ball - up bill and loose change . he plop it in a~ sloppy pile on the counter . the girl count it , poke aside the change coin by coln . ticketeer let 's see ... two , six , twenty - four . you get twenty - one dollar and twenty - four cent . I can sell you a ticket to Austin if you like . halsey how far be Austin from here ? ticketeer four hundred mile or so . halsey that 's as far as I can get ? ticketeer yes , sir . not fraid so . she punch out the ticket and pass it over the coun - ter . the kid fold it up and slip it into he pocket . Jim have to move . place he hand on the butt of the pistol under he jacket , he look both way and stalk to the door he come in , shove through it out onto -- ext . parking lot - trailway bus station - day 33 Jim walk over to one of the pillar and lean back against it . he tap a marlboro out of he pack . he break it apart in a crumple of paper and tobacco shred . the wail of a siren make he dodge for cover behind the pinion . he withdraw the .357 Magnum from he belt and take hold of it with both hand . a highway patrol car with its beacon over the ramp incline into the lot . swerves around and come to a stop . and trooper conner get out , leave ablaze bob up the vehicle trooper prestone the motor running . Jim take the sound of the door open as a cue . leap around the pillar onto both foot , he train the hog pistol on the two highway patrolmen . ( continued ) 33 continued : 33 halsey stop ! trooper prestone and trooper conner obey . they hand hover by they hip . the gun have not be take out of the holster . trooper prestone take it easy . halsey tell I about it ! trooper prestone we both have wife and kid , and we both want to see they again . we will do whatever you want we to do . what do you want we to do ? halsey gimme a minute . trooper prestone we get all day . halsey get over by the car . the cop back up slowly and carefully . halsey ( cont would ) «+ . that handcuffs you get on you belt . I want you to take they off and lock you partner 's hand behind he back . trooper prestone you mean I ? halsey no , I mean you , the other guy . but you do it . you do it . trooper prestone I ? halsey you . go ahead , but do not go anywhere you gun . you . get you hand behind you back . trooper conner obediently follow halsey 's direction . he place he wrist together in the small of he back . ( continued ) 33 34 44 . continued : ( 2 ) 33 trooper prestone unhitch he cuff from he belt and clamp they securely around he brother officer 's wrist . halsey we be all gonna get in the car and take a drive . trooper prestone where to ? halsey let 's do this one step at a time . how be we gonna work this ? let 's see . you guy get in the front and I will get in the back . do that sound alright ? trooper prestone sound good to I . Jim walk over to the right hand back door and gesture with the barrel of the .357 Magnum . the subservient trooper get together by the right front door . halsey one of you open the door . trooper prestone gently unlatch the door and ease it open . halsey open he with one hand and keep the gun levele with the other . halsey ( cont would ) ++. we be all gonna get in at the same time . ready . steady . go. the three of they climb into the vehicle in unison . int . highway patrol car - day 34 trooper conner slide over and trooper prestone get behind the wheel . halsey brace he sneaker against the frame of the front seat . resting he elbow , he keep a steady and unwaver two -hand grip on the cannon . halsey start the car . head for the highway . the patrolman switch on the ignition and shift into gear . ( continued ) 34 45 . continued : 34 he drive out of the parking lot , down the dip of the ramp and turn onto the road . a Motorola shortwave radio be under the dashboard . the light be blink as a wire band frequency be monitor on the speaker amid storm of static . transmission all unit , this be Texas Ranger C company commander Captain eszterhas . suspect be a male caucasian in he early twenty with long hair . name Jim halsey . patrol ih 10 and search all establishment in a ten-mile radius . two pistol be find to be miss from the station . he be to be consider armed and extremely dangerous . approach with caution ... the kid and the police officer listen to the broadcast in state of complete attention . Jim shake he head - and rub he eye . halsey the shortwave radio . could you call out on it and get I connect with this Captain guy ? trooper prestone I can put you through . halsey go for it . do it but do not tell anyone where we be or anything . the cop take the mike off the clip and put it to he lip . trooper prestone Central , this be car - halsey I say do not give they any information , goddammit ! trooper prestone Central , this be one of you car and we have be hijacked by the suspect . ( more ) ( continued ) 34 continued : ( 2 ) 34 trooper prestone ( cont 'd ) we be under order not to reveal we identity or coordinate . he wish to speak directly to Captain eszterhas . over . static buzz and urgent voice on the squawk BOX . the three man have they ear glue to it as the car cruise through the mid-morn traffic . captain eszterhas ( v.o. ) this be Captain eszterhas . do you read ? over . trooper prestone pass the mike over he shoulder to halsey . trooper prestone push the red button to relay . release it to receive . Jim put the microphone to he mouth and press the button . halsey Captain , this be Jim halsey . I have one of you car and both of you man be alright . he release the button . captain eszterhas ( v.o. ) I want to know if you be alright , halsey . over . halsey yeah , I be okay , Captain . you gotta listen to I . I do not do any of this stuff . I get set up and frame by the psycho who 's responsible . I swear it . over . captain eszterhas ( v.o. ) I be suppose to swallow that story ? what do you suggest we do ? halsey anything . I want to get this over and do with . captain eszterhas ( v.o. ) be you willing to lay down you arm and surrender ? over . ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) 34 halsey sure . as long as I be safe . over . captain eszterhas ( v.0 . ) alright . I will give you the chance to give up . what I want you to do be hand you weapon over to my man . I will be with you in a little while . be we in agreement ? over . halsey we be in agreement . over . captain eszterhas ( v.0o . ) I will see you shortly . over and out . the two highway patrolmen , who have be listen to the conversation , exchange flabbergasted glance . the kid grin broadly in relief . halsey pull the car over to the side of the road . trooper prestone steer the car onto the shoulder and slow to a stop , shutting off the ignition . he hold out he open hand . trooper prestone guess you better let I have the gun . the angry snarl of a engine and a squeal of braking tire . the kid 's and the trooper 's attention be com - mand by a vehicle that zoom up and sit snorting exhaust alongside the police car . the black pickup truck . trooper prestone and trooper conner rotate they head to peer out the open window at the darken cab of the malific truck . halsey noooooooo00 ! 1 ! crackakaboooqooom ! crackakaboooqooooom ! muzzle flash of pistol shot . the cop slump like sandbag . ( continued ) 34 35 36 48 . continued : ( 4 ) 34 the black pickup thunder off up the freeway , leave a ugly quay cloud of carbon monoxide - laden smoke and dirt in its place . Jim have he hand clapped over he ear , drown out the SOUND of he scream split the ringing silence . the interior decorate of the squad car consist of a bright red bloodbath . out of he mind , the kid break out the side door onto -- ext . interstate highway 10 - day 35 shove the .357 Magnum brutally back into he belt , Jim run like a lunatic from the scene , derangedly dash along the roadside as traffic fly by . stub - bing he toe on a rock , he stumble to he knee , chaf - ing they raw . stay there , he turn he dilate eye up into the broad expanse of sky . slide the gun out of he waist , Jim turn it on he - self . fitting this thumb around the trigger , he open he mouth and stretch it wide . he insert the silver barrel so deep it tickle the back of he throat . the muzzle choke he up before he can fire and he gag . sagging down , he return the .357 to the inside of he jacket . he raise he head and look ahead of he . a truckstop diner lie a stone 's throw away . " pit stop . " a slapdash paint sign read , '' last food for mile . " the kid pause , shamble to he foot and stumble off in the direction of the restaurant . int . " pit stop " - day 36 Jim walk through the revolve door . a bell ring with a ding . a counter with stool and a few booth by the window , devoid of customer . the proprietor be scrubbing the formica countertop with a bounty towel . Jim schlep over to it , drain and defeat . proprietor can I help you ? halsey coffee. somethin ' . I dunno . coffee . ( continued ) 36 continued : 36 proprietor it 's brewing . get a few minute ? halsey probably not . proprietor to go ? halsey bring it to I at one of the booth . if I be still here . proprietor you okay , kid ? halsey nope . proprietor go on . have a seat . the owner go into the kitchen . the kid be totally deject and despondent . he flop into a booth by the window and stare forlornly out the pane glass at the highway and the relentless procession of car and truck streaking across it . Jim rest he elbow on the table and put he face in he hand . somebody slide into the seat across from he . the kid drop he hand . John Ryder be sighting he down with he trademark bullet eye . his black raincoate shoulder unfurl like bat wing , he unearthly transistor radio voice make Jim sink into the seat cushion . ryder so how do you like shitsville , stupid ? Jim grope for he gun under he jacket . this can not escape Ryder 's notice but he take it in stride . under the table , the click of a hammer be cocked back on a .357 Magnum . Jim 's face brighten in a de - ment gloat . halsey you stay sit right where you be . do not move or I will blow you brain out you ass . ( continued ) 50 . continued : ( 2 ) 36 Ryder roll he eye . ryder ai not no bullet in that gun . halsey yeah ? ryder yeah , oh yeah . the hitcher see the doubt write plainly on the boy 's feature and laugh incredulously . ryder ( continue ) yer so stupid ya never even check , do ya ? halsey so help I , I will blow you in half . ryder squeeze the trigger if ya want . halsey I will . ryder go ‘head . Jim be on the spot . he chew he tongue in he cheek . he be in no way capable of that action . under the table there be a second , similar click . the hitcher 's face become very serious . ryder ( continue ) because you can sure as shit bet I be gonna squeeze mine . the kid go a ashen hue . ryder ( continue ) --- bang !!! Ryder make the sound of a gunshot and Jim jump in he seat . out of reflex , he pull the trigger , summoning only the hollow SNAP of a hammer strike a empty cylinder . aghast , Jim squeeze the trigger again and again , but the gun be indeed empty . ( continued ) 36 51 . continued : ( 3 ) 36 the kid shrink away as Ryder lean forward , he pale thin lip whiten into a scar-tissue sneer . Ryder dig into he pocket , bring he hand out with something in he pallid fist . he spit on the tip of two of he finger and balance twin copper penny on they . stretch he hand across the table , he press the coin in halsey 's eye socket . Jim just sit there with the penny on he eye . he do not breathe . moment pass . the silence be so complete that the soft " puft " of a container of coffee be set on the table be deafen . the pennie drop out of he eye and clatter around the tabletop . he look around , disorient . the proprietor be stand - ing over he with he hand on he hip . John Ryder be nowhere to be see . proprietor that coffee 's to go because I do not want you hang out here . take it and get go . the owner go away . Phoenix scan the place in vain for the hitcher . his gaze settles on something leave in front of he on the table . a napkin fold over some object . two word scribble on the tissue . " next time . " the kid unwrap the napkin and exhales . twelve .357 ammo cartridge . he scoops they hurriedly into he coat pocket before - anyone could notice they . his attention be suddenly divert . out the window beside he he see a trailways bus park in the lot . its door open and a bunch of pass - enger step out to stretch and get some fresh air . several of they come inside to fetch food from the proprietor . Rest stop . halsey downs he coffee in a single gulp , smack he lip . halsey get you ass in gear , buddy . ( continued ) 36 37 38 continued : ( 4 ) 36 the kid get up out of the booth and make he way past the passenger at the counter to the door . ext . " pit stop " parking lot - day 37 the bus sit plume heat wave into the baking noon air . in the distance down the freeway , a flurry of police activity . spark red road flare be set on the blacktop . a squadron of highway patrol car be park around the blood-spatter one . trooper be haul the dead body out and place they on the tarmac . one cop be direct traffic . the bus driver waddle to the rear of the cruiser , absorb in the spectacle down the road . halsey steal out the door to the diner and sneak across the lot , up the gangway and into the bus . int . restroom - trailway bus - day 38 unoccupy . the door be push in and the kid step inside , close and lock it behind he . dim throw some cold water on he face from the basin . resting he rear end against the sink , he dry himself with a paper towel . withdraw the .357 Magnum from he belt , he scoops a handful of the big-bore cartridge from he jacket pocket . halsey peruse the handgun , finger its various component and fitting . he have not a clue about how to break the cylinder to insert the bullet . patience nil , he work himself into a red-face frenzy paw at the pistol . trick open the dead bolt by accident , he flip the tumbler out . plugging slug into the six hole and slapping shut the chamber , he return the gun to he belt . outside the bathroom can be hear the rustling of pass - engers return to they seat . the john quiver as the motor rumble on directly be - neath the floor . the kid make he move , undoing the latch lock and edging open the door . 39 int . seating section - trailway bus - day 39 halsey duck out the door and drop himself into the aisle seat in the row set against the rest room . Jim settles in the cushion and have himself a smoke . he. return he pack of marlboros to the pocket of he leather jacket and look about , spot the passenger in the seat around he . he have not be see . the kid breathes a sigh of relief . stiff , he stretch he neck and see someone sit in the rear seat row over he shoulder . he shake he head and smile . the girl be out of she waitress uniform and clad in a denim jacket , jeans , a dungaree shirt and wear cowboy boot . galveston nash be sit alone in the window seat , stare absently through the glass , the side of she face to he . she have she handbag in she lap . Jim get out of the aisle seat and slide onto the cushion across from she . gal be remove a pack of merit from she breast pocket . as she light up , she get she first look at she seat mate . a double take . halsey hi. gal you . the girl try to get up and run at the same time . the kid be wide awake and in action . Jack -knife himself across the seat , he drag she down in a clinch and wrestle she onto he lap . he stuff he hand in she mouth to silence she . she bite down hard and he have to stifle a yelp . he draw the .357 Magnum from he belt and hold it in he hand so she can see it . she stop struggle and stare at the gun . halsey ... be you gonna stop ? Jim take he hand from she mouth and suckle the red tooth mark semi-circle the palm . he let she go . she sit up and smooth off she rumple garment . her eye remain rivete on he . gal be you gonna shoot I ? halsey stop worry about I shoot you . ( continued ) 39 continued : 39 he stick the revolver in he belt and close the flap of he jacket over it . halsey ( continue ) «+. see ? I 'ma kid . I be a normal kid -- I be just like you . gal a kid with a gun . ( continued ) continued : 39 halsey this gun I steal for protection . I have not fire it once . it still have all the bullet in it . it do not have any bullet in it at all until five minute ago . gal so you have the bullet to shoot I if I do not shut up . halsey what be you do here , anyway ? gal I commute from my job to my town . my stop be come up next . be you go to let I get off ? halsey do not know what I be go to do with you . gal if you be not go to let I go , you be go to shoot I like you shot all that other people , and if you be go to shoot I , I be go to scream . the kid clap he hand over the girl 's mouth . seize she by the shoulder , he hoist she over to he and hold she face inch from he own . halsey look in my face ! look in it ! do I look like somebody who get he rock off waste people ? be that what you see ? she look he over a long moment and shake she head sincerely . Jim halsey have make contact with somebody and all the pressure and pain overcome he as he break down and cry . he weep in shudder sob . Galveston suddenly see a severely shake , strung - out and scared young man , and she be shocked . he put he head on she shoulder . she put she arm around he and hug he softly . he lay he head on she lap . she be astonished and affect . ( continued ) 39 55 . continued : ( 2 ) 39 halsey ( continue ) «-- it do not stop . I can not get any relief . I gotta get some relief . stun , she stroke he hair soothingly . gal I do not know who you be . I do not know what 's go on . I do know you do not shoot anybody . you settle down . it 's go to be alright . a big glass portico loom behind the two of they . the highway recede behind tinted glass . the black pickup truck be keep steady pursuit , hover like some relentless and poisonous beetle on the wing . grind of gear as the bus shift to a lower mode , slow its speed , steer onto the road shoulder , and come to a stop . the kid sit up and look over the headrest out the glass portico . a highway patrol car with its party light flash be bring up the rear . it park behind the cruiser and two trooper climb out , unsnap - ping they side holster . the young man sink down in the seat with a groan . halsey it 's the cop . gal what be you gonna do ? halsey I gotta give up . I get no choice . gal I will go with you . it 's go to be alright . halsey let 's go . the two young people get up out of the seat and go down the aisle . the bus driver piston open the door with a airlock release . 40 41 56 . ext . interstate highway 10 west - day 40 the .357 Magnum be chuck out the open door . it land on the gravel . trooper hapscomb and trooper hancock be approach the bus . they draw out they handgun and wait in apprehension . Jim halsey climb gingerly down the gangway . he disem - bark with he hand clasped behind he head . halsey I be unarm . I be turn myself in . the kid go over to the cop calmly and carefully . the highway patrolmen point they pistol at he . trooper hapscomb reach for the manacle on he belt . trooper hancock give he a load look . the policeman leave the cuff on the clip . halsey ( continue ) 's - I be give up but I be not guilty . trooper hancock you spit on my wrist . Jim look down at the wrist . it be connect to a hand which be clenching a .357 Magnum snub-nose aim at he abdomen . trooper hancock ( continue ) «- . wipe it off . halsey you can see I be unarm . trooper hancock wipe it off . halsey put the gun in you other hand . trooper hancock wipe it off . int . seating section - trailway bus - day 41 Galveston be bite she lip as she lean over the head - rest of a seat , look out the tinted glass window at Jim stand with he hand behind he head with the trooper on either side . 41 42 57 . continued : 41 a gum -chew old woman and a little boy with a knapsack rubberneck in they seat to see the scene .. trooper hancock see the spectator and slowly shift he position to shield the kid from the sight of the passenger . the girl swear and sprint down the aisle . : ext . interstate highway 10 west - day 42 the young man swallow as he see the cop cock back the hammer of the gun with he thumb . the kid understand the situation . he scramble away and scatter along the shoulder of the road . the highway patrolmen drop to one knee and draw bead on he . they finger close on the triggers . a gunshot cut the air . halsey cry out and collapse on the blacktop tarmac . trooper hapscomb and hancock stay still and start to sweat . Galveston be stand outside the door of the bus . her simple country girl face be flushed with anxiety . she be aim the .357 Magnum she be hold in she hand at the back of the crouch highway patrolmen . gunsmoke drift from the barrel . gal I do not believe you be go to do what you be go to do . Drop you gun . the policeman set they revolver on the road . Jim halsey get to he foot . sick with anger , he stalk along the roadway to where trooper hapscomb and trooper hancock be down on one knee . he bend down and grab up a .357 Magnum in each fist . he point the gun grimly in the cop ' face and grit he tooth as they flinch and wince . halsey I understand the situation . he be not interfered with as he walk past the highway patrolmen to where the girl be stand hold the handgun at she side . ( continued ) 42 continued : he heave the two .357 magnum over the guard rail , down a slope and into a small creek at the bottom of the hill . he take the pistol from she grasp and ~ level it on the policeman . halsey ( continue ) .-. get up and get out you handcuffs . cuff yourselves to the guard rail . grudge , but obliging , the cop disengage the manacle from they belt clip , close a clamp around a wrist and clamp the other cuff to the guard rail crossbeam . halsey ( continue ) 's . Chuck the key . the policeman toss the car key to the kid . he catch they and put they in he pocket . the highway patrol - man glower at the girl who be grow concerned about the consequence of she action . trooper hapscomb you be in a world of hurt , young lady . gal what be I suppose to do ? I be not go to stand and watch while you shot he in cold blood . trooper hancock you be a accessory and you be go to jail . halsey shut up , asshole ! the kid turn to the girl , shove the revolver in he belt under he jacket . halsey ( continue ) 's - I be gonna grab the car and get out of here . you gonna come ? gal I can not go with you . ( continued ) 42 42 43 44 continued : ( 2 ) 42 halsey you can not stay here , you will get arrest . if you come with I I can drive you a couple mile , and you can get out and get away . she shut she eye and shake she head at the situa - tion . she shrug and nod . the kid take the girl by the hand and hurry she over to where the highway patrol mustang be park with its door flung open and its engine idling . he help she into the passenger seat , head around the hood and hustle into the driver 's seat . they slam shut they door . int . cab - black pickup truck - day 43 a skeletal hand stick out of the sleeve of a black rubber raincoat stub out the butt of a lucky Strike cigarette in the pallid palm of the other hand . it wrap around the wooden stock of a .357 Magnum jamme in the belt of the grey pleate trousers . yanking it out , it pull the pin and flop open the cylinder . digging into the pants pocket , it come up with two fresh cartridge . wedge out the char casing , it pop in the new shell . ryder bitch . the bony hand slap shut the chamber and spin they around with a whizz by the heel of the paln . stuff the revolver rudely back in the belt , it grab the dangle key ring and switch on the ignition . the engine snarl . the hand slam the stick into first gear . int . stolen squad car - day 44 Jim halsey turn over the motor . the turbo-charged engine burst on with a blast of horsepower . the kid shift into gear and steer onto the interstate and into the midday traffic . he look at the girl sit apprehensively alongside hin . halsey relax . Jim return he eye to the road . ( continued ) 44 60 . continued : 44 siren rise . halsey look into the rearview mirror to see two cherrytop flash . the flowering red flare blossom brighter . the two pursue police car get™ closer , hot on they tail . gal look over she shoulder . she look at Jim , distraught . he shrug weakly . halsey ( continue ) '' ++ sorry . the kid start to concentrate on he drive and he stare straight ahead . he ignites a marlboro with the dashboard lighter . halsey ( continue ) «-. buckle you seatbelt . the girl 's face be tight with tension as she extend she strap and latch it into the niche . halsey ( continue ) «-»- do mine . frightened and fidgety , she reach over and secure he belt . Jim shift straight up to fifth gear . a racing surge of the v-8 engine and the supercharged car sear off so sensationally fast the two occupant suck in they breath . halsey jockey he way through the car . he swoops in and out of traffic , soar from lane to lane . the speedometer needle swivel up to 110 m.p.h . the siren be grow louder . the kid reach into he jacket and drag out the .357 Magnum . he drop it on the dashboard . halsey ( continue ) I do not think I will be able to drive and work the gun at the same time . do you know how to fire a pistol ? gal I be not go to shoot anybody . halsey aim for the tire . ( continued ) 44 61 . continued : ( 2 ) 44 two highway patrol black and white blast over the blacktop behind the backshield . Jim angle he head out the open window . at this speed , the violence and velocity of the wind nearly behead he . he look out long enough to see one of the police car take the lead of its brother , advance on the leave . over the howl of the wind can be hear the voice of one of the highway patrolemn , metalically static over the megaphone . trooper ( v.o. ) we be order you to stop ! if you ignore this warning , you will be shot down ! the kid look over he shoulder to see the squad car keep perfect pace alongside . the passenger door be so close he could reach out and touch it . a bald trooper be aim a saw - off shotgun at point - blank range , rest he elbow on the base of the window for a brace . halsey spin the steering wheel hand over hand and smashes the police car sideways . the skinhead trooper be slam into he partner at the wheel . Jim watch as the patrol car go out of control , sideswipe the aluminum divider and slipslide around the road . it recover and resume its pursuit . the second squad car drift to the right and come into alighnment . the thin blast of a shotgun . the backshield be blow out in a hailstorm of tinted glass granule that hurri - cane into the front seat . Galveston cover she head and scream . a second blast . the trunk door fly open , pepper with buckshot . a third blast . the trunk gate disappear . brannnng ! it come crash down on the hood , flopping over the windshield . halsey I can not see ! the wind sweep the obstruction off . ( continued ) 44 62 . continued : ( 3 ) 44 the highway patrol black and white fan out , approach - ing one on each side . : Jim snatch the .357 Magnum off the dash , toss it in gal 's lap . halsey use it ! we be in trouble ! sob she roll down she window . Galveston bear the huge hog pistol in both she slender little hand , frig - id with fear . squint , she point it in the general direction of the squad car on she right side . shut she eye and wince , she squeeze the trigger . crackakaboom ! the handgun 's potent kick lash she back into she seat . the shot go wild . the first police car maneuver alongside the steal one . dim duck as the bald trooper fire a cloud of pellet . the hood be blow clean off in a flash of spark . a smoke screen of steam enshroud the wind - shield . Jim wheel he car inwards and sideslam the attack auto . the other car be smashed into the metal divider . halsey batter it again and again . three shotgun blast in rapid-fire succession from the right . the rear side window spiderweb . the back fender drop away . the roof curl like a sardine can . goose , Galveston grit she tooth and stick the .357 Magnum out the window again . she squeeze off five slug in quick sequence . kaboom ! boom ! boom ! boom ! boom ! the police car keep come , not even faze . the wind blow the pistol out of she hand . gal I drop the gun ! halsey you what ?! the twin black and white close in for the kill , sand - wiching the commandeer cop car on both side . ( continued ) 44 63 . continued : ( 4 ) 44 the girl look over , white with fright , to see a blond trooper struggle to aim he shotgun over he part - ner 's hand on the wheel . the kid turn he head to face the car beside he . he look up the smoking bar - rel of a load .410 . shotgun blast . muzzle flash . the buckshot shear Jim 's door off at the hinge . it fall away . halsey 's expose body be whiplash by the roaring wind . the highway patrol car on the right edge up and the blond trooper lock they in he sight . the highway patrol car on the leave hold its position . the bald trooper draw a bead on Jim 's unshield and vulnerable figure . the kid flatten the brake pedal . transmission shriek and the screech of shorn - off tire rubber . Jim and gal be toss forward like rag doll . the seat belt snap tension , save they from be catapult through the windshield . the twin black and white open FIRE on a car that be in between they but suddenly be not . the auto be both on the receive end of each other 's lead shot . the storm of pellet pepper they front tire , rip they to rubber ribbon . both car suddenly ride on raw rim and spin out of control . the police car on the right careen over the embankment and become airborne . it nosedive onto the hillside and roll top over tail down the slope . the police car on the leave crash into the divider and flip onto the break white line in the center of the blacktop . steam emission from under the overturn and crumpled hood . the steal squad car sit stationary , a ruin wreck . the kid and the girl lie back , gasp . halsey be you okay ? gal yeah . yeah . halsey good . ( continued ) 44 continued : ( 5 ) 44 they look at each other with anxious alarm at the wreckage they have wringht . the kid reach to the dangle key ring and switch on the ignition . the fngine choke . it cough . it choxe again , then it sputter on . he shift to first and gently give the car some gas . the vehicle shudder forward shakily . the two people roll to the scene of the smashup . Gas , glass and mashed mangle metal litter the blacktop . Jim and Galveston have lump in they throat as they chance a glance over the embankment at the patrol car set on its side on the slope . the two trooper be alive and in shock , stunne and stumbling along the hillside . the kid and the girl breathe a sigh of relief and turn to look at the overturn squad car . the bald trooper clamber out . he drag he partner , grimace and glaring at the boy , too weak and wounded to do anything about it . Galveston apply a shear strip to a gash on Jim 's brow from a box of Band - aids in the glove compartment . halsey shrug apologetically at the trooper , grab the canister and chuck it to he . the cop catch the Band - aids and pitch a surly stare in return . the kid give the steal squad car some gas and the auto start cover ground . halsey pump the gas pedal and floor it . the savage car shiver and shimmy . it be not well . it be have trouble maintain a steady speed of 40 mph . gal look over she shoulder . she put she face in she hand and start weep . Jim check the rearview mirror . reflected be a sea of sparkling red and white pinpoint of light . a armada of highway patrol car be approach in the distance . the kid pound on the gas pedal and punch the steering wheel in frustration . halsey c'mon ! go! gol something appear in the sky up ahead . Jim snap to attention when he see it . a black dot . a Bell jet chopper with the insignia of the Texas ranger on the side . a little flash . ptaaaaaaaank ! a fist -size hole be punch in the carburetor . a second flash . ( continued ) 44 continued : ( 6 ) 44 crrrraaaashhh ! a windshield cobweb . the crater be carve out of the vinyl upholstery a inch from Jim 's ear . he cry out . crrrraaaannnnkssssshhnk ! a third shot blow the windshield to smithereen . the 30.06 shell ricochet around the interior of the car . Galveston put she arm over she head and scream . halsey look over he shoulder to see the platoon of patrol car rise on the road to he rear in a flare of slashing red light . he look through the smashed windshield to see the black hornet of a helicopter dip its gleam glass dome of a nose and divebomb he car . Jim reach he hand over and push gal 's head down as he duck . kapow ! kapow ! the headrest of the two front seat explode in shower of stuff . a shadow cross the interior of the car as the chopper speed over the roof in a buzzsaw of rotor blade halsey sit up in the seat , stare all around he . the helicopter be no - where to be see , but the roaring whirr of its rotors be all over the place . whiplash wind assault the two people inside the car . Jim have he hand on Galveston 's head and hold it there . halsey stay down ! the kid look into the rearview mirror to see the shiny , steely windshield dome of the helicopter reflect as it lower itself into position behind the car . a firecracker flash . the rearview mirror be obliterate in sharp splinter of glass by a slug . the kid look over he shoulder to see that the chopper be out of sight . the rotor roar rip the air . a rifleshot shear through the metal roof of the car like a spike . Jim jump out of the way as the parking brake between the seat be blow to bit . halsey 's eye come out of he head as he see the helicopter swoop , sink and settle alongside the car , the landing strut sev - eral foot away from the window . the glint of sunlight on the co-pilot 's gunbarrel . the kid jam himself back in he seat and spin the steering wheel , swish he car sideways . the roof of the automobile strike the strut of the chopper and send the aircraft into a whirring , whizzing spinout . ( continued ) 44 continued : ( 7 ) 44 the helicopter weave and wobble and slipslide across the sky as it try to stay airborne . it swing up in front of the automobile and tilt its nose down , angle its propeller to gain altitude and to batter the two people inside the car with the wind from the rotor blade . amid the chaos , the familiar snort of a familiar en - gine . the black pickup truck lumber up alongside . the hitcher 's hand extend out the driver 's window , a +357 Magnum clench in he fist . the kid cower . the gun be not point in he direction . it target the bird of prey helicopter . six gunshot ring out as Ryder pump a pistol load into the aircraft . the truck hurtle on and disappear . Jim squint through the shattered windshield , he hair and clothes blow about by the rushing wind . loud and clear be the sound of a helicopter in distress . halsey see the chopper zig - zag across the sky , smoke funnel out of its rear rotor . it go into a tailspin . the kid look over he shoulder to see the cavalry of cop car close in a quarter - mile behind . as he watch , the helicopter crash on the center of the highway . it explode in boil ball of fire and billow cloud of smoke . fiery debris rain down . no police car be about to drive through the inferno . halsey gal . we get away . Galveston have she face in she hand , shiver in shock . ( continued ) 44 45 46 47 66 . continued : ( 7 ) 44 flaming lick and smoking spark shoot out of the rav - age engine . anxiously , Jim swerve the car to the~ shoulder of the road and stop . he throw on the emer - gency brake and unbuckle he seat belt . halsey ( continue ) c'mon , gal . let 's split . she just sit there . he climb out of the decimate door frame onto -- ext . interstate highway 10 east - day 45 he hurry around the other side and heave open she door . unlatch she strap , he haul the limp young lady out of she seat . heaping she against he , he help she up the highway side . the bullet-ddend and burn black and white blows sky high in a pillar of fire and smoke . he walk with she along the roadside . a regulation road marker set in the cement by the guard rail . " Gas / food / lodging 1 / 4 mile . " the kid stumby with the girl in the direction of the access road stretch off the interstate . ext . " gasland " - day 46 a settlement of fueling station on the frontage road . the depot have luminescent logo perch atop 100 foot high pinion advertising " Shell , " " exxon , " " texaco , " " BP " and " fasgas . " a two -story motel surround by unoccupy tractor - trailer eighteen - wheeler . a sign perch atop a pole -- " White 's truckstop & Restaurant . " Jim halsey shamble into the parking lot with the barely coherent girl cling to he shoulder . the kid slump to the registration office with he last bit of strength . int . motel room $ 13 - " white's truckstop " - day 47 a comfy , carpete suite decorate in baby blue . a twin bed with neat sheet and pillow case . a dresser and a television set on a stand with a remote switcher set on top . ( continued ) 47 48 67 . continued : 47 the SOUND of a key turning in the lock . the door open . the kid stumble in with the girl , hold she up with a arm around she waist . he drop she on the bed and she lie there in a heap . he shut the door and lock it with the key . barely able to stand on he foot , he slide he leather jacket off he shoulder and sling it over the teievision console . the remote switcher be knock onto the carpet . he collapse on the mattress . Jim and Galveston be sound asleep in second . int . motel room # 13 - night ( later ) 48 through the curtain , out of the window , the illumi - nate gas station sign beam brightly in the blackness of the night . a table lamp on a bedstand cast the two sleep body on the bed in a warm and cozy glow . the kid stir in he slumber . still asleep , he roll over and put a arm around the girl 's shoulder . she do not awaken but she respond to he warmth and curl up against he . he pull she close and she cling to he back with she hand . the two fit together like a soft glove and , in sleep , seek relief in the sanctuary of each cther 's body . snooze , they face touch , they lip brush and they breathe each other 's breath . Jim and Galveston gently kiss . she touch she finger to the back of he neck and run she hand down he shoulder . he caress she bosom beneath she clothes . he work open the button of she dungaree shirt . her breast jiggle free . he squeeze they and suckle she nipple . she sigh and she smile seem to wipe the anxiety off she face . she rummages she finger through he hair as he hand venture down she belly to the snap of she blue jeans . SNAP . he zip down she fly and insinuate he finger in under she panty at the crotch . she roll she head from side to side . she take hold of he hand softly and gently remove it from between she leg . he look up into she face and smile . she smile back . gal I want to take a shower . halsey I will run it . Jim get off the bed and strut to the door of the bathroom . ( continued ) 48 49 50 68 . continued : 48 gal I will be right in . halsey open the door and walk into -- int . bathroom - motel room # 13 - night 49 the kid pull he perspiration - stain undershirt over he head and slam - dunk it into the waste bin . he reach behind the curtain into the shower stall and turn the hot water knob . steam jet of water blast out . the noise be deafen . the room begin to fog up . Jim wet he hand and splashes he face and chest . halsey c'mon , gal ! he poke he head out into the doorway into -~ int . motel room # 13 - night 50 the front door be wide open . John Ryder have Galveston 's head jerk back at a un - natural angle by a handful of she hair . his switch - blade knife be laid against she throat . she be too scared to scream . halsey cry out and jump into the room . Ryder resemble the grim reaper in he black raincoat and skeleton shape as he rear up over the struggle girl he restrain so brutally . his coyote face be grimly set and he bullet eye be afire with psycho - sis . his forearm muscle flex to cut gal 's head off . Jim 's gaze chance on the television remote switcher on the carpet by he foot . he inject the " power " button with he big toe . the Sony trinitron 24 - inch diagonal flash on at full volume behind Ryder . jolted , Ryder glance over he shoulder for a critical instant . the kid dive over the bed and tackle the psycho , drag he to the floor . ( continued ) 50 69 . continued : 50 halsey seize Ryder by the throat and smashes he head through the glass screen of the television console . _ the set implode in a flashbulb pop . electric crack - ling buzz as SPARKS sizzle out the back of the unit . Ryder shriek and scream as he face be fry with high - voltage electricity . his body spasm spastically in Jim 's firm and merciless grip . the kid yank Ryder 's head out of the gape hole in the tv and drop he on the carpet . Ryder 's face be char and crisped . transistor and chink of glass confetti he cheek and he hair be burn off he scalp in spot . blood dribble out the corner of he mouth . a bubble pop on he lip . res - piration . halsey I get you . Jim crack the knuckle of he fist . he see the .357 Magnum in Ryder 's belt strap in a gleam of chromium steel . he bend down and extract it . to be sure , he open the cylinder with practice ease and check to see if it 's load . six copper cartridge casing . halsey spin it shut . he pick up the switchblade and _ pocket it . Jim look at Galveston . she be cramme in the corner of the room with she arm cover she bare bosom , watch he wide - eye . he put the revolver in he belt and put out he arm to she . halsey ( continue ) come here . Galveston start to sob . she run into Jim 's arm and he embrace she , hugging she hard . she have she head on he shoulder and he have tear in he eye . halsey ( continue ) --. it 's all over . we be gonna be alright . I be gonna turn he ass into the police and it 's all gonna get sort out . I gotta call the cop . the kid stroke the girl 's hair . he walk to the tele - phone on the dresser and pick up the receiver . he get a outside line and dial " 911 . " ( continued ) 50 70 . continued : ( 2 ) 50 gal sit down on the bed and look at the skeletal scarecrow of John Ryder sprawle on the carpet , he scorched head steaming . she shake she head , stare at he like she would at some strange animal who have be subdued and be safe to see . Jim get the police on the line . halsey ( continue ) hello , police ? put someone in charge on the phone . sergeant , this be Jim halsey . get a pencil ? I want to leave a message for Captain eszterhas . this be what I want you to write . I be give up . I be at the White 's truckstop off of interstate highway ten . I be in room number thirteen and I be not armed . get it ? get it to he . the kid hang up the phone . halsey ( continue ) they will be here in a few minute . Jim run he hand through he hair . he squint at the outside lock latch of the open door . something be stick in the tumbler . halsey walk over to the door and pries out a prong resembling a serrate file . a jimmie pick . he look it over and slip it in the side of he right sneaker . Jim check he watch and cross the room . halsey get down on one knee beside the body of John Ryder on the floor . he draw out the .357 Magnum and look over the maim man , lean in a little too close . halsey ( continue ) .-. be he still alive ? the hitcher 's fist piston a punch into the kid 's throat . Jim 's eye go out of focus and he drool , daze and dizzy . the psycho clap he hand on halsey 's ear with eardrum - burst force . the young man' eye roll up in they socket and the pistol drop out of he hand . he wilt like a limp rag doll onto the carpet . ( continued ) 50 51 52 continued : ( 3 ) 50 John Ryder rise to a sit position , stuff the gun in he belt . he shoot a searing stare at Galveston , in a state of shock on the bed . the girl scream and run for the open door . the hitcher have the speed of a spectral spirit as he soar to he foot and slam he back against the door , shutting it sound - ly . he rip the .357 Magnum from he belt and hold it at he hip on Galveston . a overturn table lamp shed he skeletal silhouette up the wall and across the ceiling , he black raincoate shadow like a gigan - tic bat fold the girl in its wing . ryder back , bitch . Galveston 's pupil be dilate with fear as she shrink from he step by step . she have she hand on she mouth as she stuff herself in the corner of the room . the hitcher advance several step and stand over the out - cold body of the kid slump on the floor . he stare down at the boy , the scorched skin on he face smoking , he eye burn with psychosis . he seem in a state of severe anxiety , split apart at the seam , he finger rub a slick sheen of sweat on the trigger of the pistol in he hand . John Ryder turn he head like a gun turret to regard the girl squeeze in the corner , shudder , scared spitless . something stir in he eye . int . motel room # 13 - night 51 Jim halsey come to . he put he hand on he aching ear and open he eye . come to he sense , he sit up and look around . the room be empty . halsey Galveston ! the kid jump to he foot and take off out the open door into the dark , dank night air . ext . porch - night 52 Jim be in a state . he run around in circle , scout all around he . ( continued ) 52 53 54 continued : 52 halsey Galveston ! the parking lot at the front of the motel be terrify - ingly dark . the titanic tractor- trailer eighteen - wheeler sit there like slumbering behemoth . halsey run along the porch call the girl 's name . he dash around the corner of the two-story structure onto -- ext . back lot - '' white's truckstop " ~ night 53 the kid see it and it stop he dead in he track . the black pickup truck 's sheeny metallic finish glint in the ink and oil night . it 's engine be percolate . Red taillight like smoulder coal shed a sinister light on Galveston . the girl 's hand be cuffed together at the wrist and cuffed to the rear bumper . her foot be cuffed to - gether at the ankle and cuffed to a heavy iron pole ledge in the cement . the tension on she body be tor - tuously taut between the two brace . her limb be stretch in they socket . her dungaree shirt be stuff in she mouth to smother she scream . Jim stand like a statue . he can see through the back window of the cab of the truck . reflected in the rearview mirror , cast in the ghoulish green glow of the dashboard light , be the hitcher 's eye . two bullet drilling into he skull . the passenger door of the cab be push open with a squeak . a invitation . halsey walk across the gravel ground of the lot to the door . weakly , he climb up the run board and step into -- int . cab - black pickup truck - night 54 John Ryder glare at he , he drippingly disfigure face gruesome in the gangrenous green glow . Jim halsey sit in the seat shaking all over , afraid to move a muscle . ( continued ) 54 73 . continued : 54 ryder - , so what be you gonna do ? the hitcher 's transistor radio voice be garble and gurgle from the blood in he throat . the kid just sit there , paralyze with fear . Ryder nudge with he jaw to indicate the chromium .357 Magnum rest on the dashboard in between they . ryder ( continue ) .s. it 's load up . go for it . Jim do not go near it . ryder ( continue ) ... go ‘head . maybe you will be able to put a bullet in I before I step on the gas and separate you girl at the panty line . halsey shudder at the think . bis tooth start to chatter . he make no move for the gun . ryder ( continue ) you be think , '' even if I grab the gun and shoot he before he push down the gas pedal , he foot will still come off the brake and the truck will roll a foot before I can press it down again . " ai not that what you be think ? Jim nod meekly . ryder ( continue ) ... so what you need be a head start . you will not have to grab for it , I will let you hold it on I . pick up the pistol . halsey be freeze . ryder ( continue ) pick up the pistol ! ( continued ) 54 74 . continued : 54 the hitcher 's hand shimmy the stick shift in its transmission slot . scare shitless , the kid take the handgun off the dashboard . - ryder ( continue ) ee . put it in my face . I say point it right between my eye . Jim take hold of the cannon with both hand . he level it with the long silver barrel point blank in Ryder 's face , the black hole of the muzzle a inch from the cleft of he brow . halsey 's arm be goose - pimple and wet with sweat , he face be soak with perspiration . he 's get the shake . ryder ( continue ) «+ . squeeze the trigger . they eye be lock . the kid 's face be a portrait of psychic torture -- the hitcher 's be impassive , hideous . Jim 's forefinger rub on the trigger but he can not seem to squeeze it . his body be as rigid as a rock . his system have shut down . the scarifying situation have set he in rigor mortis . Ryder 's mouth deform into a disgust grimace . he open he hand and pries the .357 Magnum from halsey 's grasp . he hold the revolver by the barrel , with the handle out , wield it like a hammer . ryder ( continue ) you zero . after all the work I put in on you . you waste . the hitcher club the handle of the handgun down onto the kid 's groin . very hard . Jim scream he lung out , droop drunkenly , pass out from the pain . as consciousness desert he , all sound become dis - torted ; the snarl of the engine ; the shriek of tire rubber ; the girl scream that be cut off so quickly ; the calliope of police siren . as he vision become liquid and watery , it become a wet blur of pulsing red and white light . ( continued ) 54 55 75 . continued : ( 2 ) 54 then it fade to black . thing become white , sterile and antiseptic . figure like clean ghost move to and for . clarity return and everywhere be thing medical . doctgr ( 0.s. ) he 's come around . int . infirmary - highway patrol headquarters build 55 - night Jim halsey come to . groggily , he open he eye to blink , blind at he bright white surroundings . he be lie on a cot . his torso be naked and the abrasion have be wash and disinfected with peroxide . he be still in he stain levi's . gold badge gleam . officer and official of the police and justice department stand around scerutiniz - ing he and speak amongst each other . doctor and nurse be intersperse with they . White smock and apron amid blue uniform , black suit and tie . medics and orderly move around cart and fetch hospi - tal supplies . two sunglass federal agent be do sentry duty by the door . the mountainous , monocle Texas Ranger captain eszterhas be loom over the cot . his expression be dreadful . he hold he stetson hat in he hand on he landslide girth . captain eszterhas I be Captain Henry eszterhas . I can not tell you how sorry I be , son . halsey where be I ? Jim try to sit up but gasp in pain . touch he hand tenderly to he crotch . the police commander put a strong hand on he shoulder and softly ease he down onto he back , keep he hand there . captain eszterhas you be in the infirmary of the highway patrol headquarters building . ( more ) ( continued ) 55 76 . continued : 55 captain eszterhas ( cont 'd ) you have be unconscious for hour . this be partly due to a hard blow to you private , partly due to psychological shock . can you remember anything about the last few hour ? Jim be quiet and lose in himself , like he 's amnesiac about the last few hour and can not remember a thing . his eye light up . halsey where 's Galveston ? he search the police commander 's face for a answer , in all forgetfulness . a look of suffer in the man 's world - weary eye suggest that for all he 's see and be through , he would rather not go into detail . remembrance return to halsey like a set of molar and incisor tooth chew on he brain . his body convulse and contract . he let out a scream of such raw horror and revulsion the police and justice man screw up they face in pain and syapathy and the nurse cover she ear . the Texas Ranger bear himself up and seize the kid by the shoulder . halsey will not be sedate . Jim 's torso quake volcan - icly . foam lickspittle froth he mouth . his fing - er curl into crush claw . Captain eszterhas have to restrain he with the help of a patrolman . halsey ( continue ) gggggggrrraaaaaaggggggghhhhhhh ! where 's Ryder ? where be he ? let I get my hand on he ! i'11 rip he stomach open and tear out he gut and stuff they down he throat and -- the police commander slap he in the face , hard . Jim be silence and , in a few second , sober . patrolman do you want a straightjacket for he , sir ? captain eszterhas I think that 's unnecessary . ( more ) ( continued ) 55 continued : ( 2 ) 55 captain eszterhas ( cont 'd ) Mr. halsey here be a very strong young man who have be under abnormal stress . I be sure he can keep he head but I will ask he . halsey yeah . he can . what happen to he ? captain eszterhas we have he in custody . as a matter of fact he 's in this building . he 's under armed guard right now ... you be clear of all charge , Jim . halsey I be clear of all charge . I be clean . I can walk out the door . he sit up and rub he aching shoulder and arm . captain eszterhas I think you should lie down awhile . you have have a rough day . halsey I feel lame laid out here and I feel alright . I want to get dress and on my foot . let I get my clothes on . the Texas Ranger nod to the nurse . she fetch the undershirt and the leather motorcycle jacket from a stool and bring it to the kid . halsey pull on the sweat - soak tee-shirt and slide into he coat . feeling strong and armored again , he stand up . captain eszterhas be you okay ? halsey I could use a cup of coffee and a cigarette . captain eszterhas I will have they bring to you . halsey could I have a minute with you , Captain ? I get some question and stuff I want to ask you . ( continued ) 55 56 57 continued : ( 3 ) 55 captain eszterhas if you will excuse we , gentleman . the police commander gesture the kid towards the door , signal the federal agent station there to stand aside . int . MAIN lobby - houston police central headquarters 56 - night Jim halsey and Captain eszterhas shove through the swinging door and walk amidst the traffic of patrolmen and policewoman parade by . halsey who be he ? captain eszterhas we do not know . we put he fingerprint and shot through the computer and we have come up with nothing . no prison record . no driver 's license . no birth certificate . I be sure we will come up with something , but right now we do not know a thing about he . they reach the -- int . refreshment area - MAIN lobby - highway patrol 57 headquarters build - night the police commander insert a few quarter into the coffee dispenser . captain eszterhas how do you take you coffee , Jim ? halsey Black . the Texas Ranger press the approriate button and wait as the machine drop a dixie cup and fill it with a cardboard - color beverage . Jim be limping . a look of uncomfortable curiosity cross he face . halsey lift he right sneaker and press he finger into the side of the sole , feel something stick in he shoe . he realize what it be . his eye light up . he set he sneaker down on the floor . ( continued ) 57 79 . continued : 57 the cop give the cup of coffee to the kid and light a marlboro for he . the young man sip the cheap liquid and smoke , shutting he eye and stiffening as the caffeine and nicotine seize he system . he open he eye and stare at the wall . halsey ( continue ) «.. you say the psycho 's in the building . captain eszterhas in the prison quadrant . halsey in a cell ? captain eszterhas in a hold tank . halsey Guards ? captain eszterhas he be watch around the clock by eight guard with shotgun . Jim nod to himself and stub out he cigarette . he look Captain eszterhas in the eye . halsey I want to see he . captain eszterhas out of the question . halsey I get something I want to say to hin . captain eszterhas forget about it . halsey c'mon , Captain -- how ' bout it ? you owe I one , do not you think ? Captain eszterhas look into halsey 's determine face and roll he eye heavenward . he turn and go over to a PD interdepartmental intercom on the wall . he pick up the receiver and dial a number . ( continued ) 57 58 59 continued : ( 2 ) 57 the kid wait until the police commander 's back be to he . he prop he sneaker up on a candy dispenser , pry a object out of the side of the shoe and ~ put it in the palm of he hand . the jimmie pick lock tool . Jim slide the serrate file up he shirt sleeve and stand with he hand at he side as Captain eszterhas hang up the intercom receiver and walk up to he . there be serious misgiving on the Texas Ranger Commander 's face . captain eszterhas you have three minute with he . let 's go . the cop turn and head down the hall towards a bolt iron door to the prison quadrant . the kid follow he . int . office corridor ~- cellblock sector - highway 58 patrol headquarters - night the police commander and the kid trod down a drab , bland hallway light by garish , eyesore fluorescent tube . Captain eszterhas lead Jim to a room with four shot - gun-tote guard position by the door . a picture window sheet of two - way mirror give a tinted glass view of the interrogation room within the wall . the cop go over to it and nod he head . captain eszterhas there he be . he can not see we . halsey walk up and look through the window . int . interrogation room ~ highway patrol headquarters 59 - night a glaring table lamp shed a stark , stabbing light on the face of John Ryder . his head be swollen and scorched , the skin stitched with thread track of su - ture and stick with band - aid . he be clad in he black rubber raincoat and seat ina chair . his wrist be handcuff on he lap and | shackle to a padlock steel chain wound around he waist . ( continued ) 59 60 61 81 . continued : 59 four guard have rifle levele on he right side , leave side and back . a sergeant be stand with one shoe on the seat of the chair , chain -smoke cigarettes and ~ stubbing they out on the floor of the coldly bleak , nondescript room . he be look at the hitcher , who return he rough stare with unblink brute force in he black bullet eye , a cigarette dangle from he lip . sergeant where be you from ? the psycho sit silently . sergeant ( continue ) do you have a family ?... do you have any survive relative ?... do you have a job ?... do you have a police record ?... how old be you ?... where be you bear ?... who be you ?... the hitcher stare in stubborn silence . int . office corridor - highway patrol headquarters 60 - night Jim halsey have he eye rivete on John Ryder in he straightjacket , chain to he solid steel seat . he take a step to the window . Captain eszterhas squint , scrutinize the kid . he look through the two - way mirror to see the sergeant sit down on he chair with the back - rest between he leg . sergeant what be you name ? Ryder regards the police officer in stony , stare silence . Jim mouth the word , '' John Ryder " under he breath . the Texas Ranger commander furrow he brow . int . interrogation room - highway patrol headquarters 61 build - night the hitcher revolve he head to look at he reflection in the sheeny surface of the mirror on the wall . his subhuman eye shine like a animal that can see in the dark . his scabrous , rupture mouth show all he tooth in a skeletal grin like a throat cut from ear to ear . 62 62a 82 . int . office corridor - highway patrol headquarters 62 build - night the kid shiver to he sock . John Ryder see he somehow through the mirrore glass , stare he straight in the eye . Jim stand he ground and return the savage stare , he eye sure and strong . halsey chew he tongue and point he forefinger like a pistol at he archenemy , snap he thumb like a hammer , whisper the sound of a shot . the hitcher wink at he . Captain eszterhas ' skin start to crawl as he watch the strange acknowledgment that pass between the two man . for a second it be as if he realize that the war between they be superhuman , almost supernatural . he put he hand on the doorknob and point he finger in the kid 's face . captain eszterhas if you lay a hand on he , you will be lock up . be we understand ? Jim nod , preoccupy . Captain eszterhas open the door to the interrogation room . halsey take 4 deep breath and walk into -- int . interrogation room - highway patrol headquarters 62a build - night the police commander slam the door shut . the kid suck wind . the hitcher be stand on he foot , he handcuff wrist shackle to the padlock chain wrap around he waist . there be a aura of darkness and black air about he so thick you could cut it with a knife . he lock eye with the kid and he contort cavity of a mouth disfigure into something like a smile . the four guard post themselves in the corner of the bleak , nondescript room . they hold they shotgun across they chest , ready to use they in a instant . a guard address Ryder . sergeant if you so much as blink the wrong way , we will blow you leg out from under you . ( continued ) 62 a 63 83 . continued : 62a they kid walk up to the hitcher . face to face with a foot of space . Jim 's gaze be raw , bloodthirsty . Ryder 's be reptilian , alien . halsey offer he hand . his face be hard and tough . the guard fidget , whisper . Ryder raise he bound wrist . he return the unusually potent handshake he receive . the jimmie pick lock tool be send shoot up the hitcher 's raincoat sleeve out of the kid 's jacket cuff . the transaction go unnotice by the authority . Ryder 's eye widen in surprise , and he stare into Jim 's sure and steady eye with astonishment . for the first time , it 's he who be at a disadvantage . a crooked smile crack he split scar of a mouth . a dead giveaway . halsey work up a wet gob of spit and spat the saliva into Ryder 's face . Captain eszterhas step forward and tug the young man back by the elbow . captain eszterhas I think that 's quite enough . this meeting be conclude . it be a bad idea in the first place . the police commander accompany Jim to the door . ryder I will be see you , kid . halsey you can say that again . the kid be lead out the door by the Texas Ranger Commander who close it behind they . ext . highway patrol headquarters build ~ night 63 the first faint blue ray of daylight fall on the squat brick building complex in the lonely cool before dawn . the parking lot in front of the main entrance door lead to a access ramp onto the thin black thread of interstate highway 10 . the darken desertscape be a black smudge against the blacker sky . ( continued ) 63 84 . continued : 63 Jim halsey stand smoking a cigarette beside Captain eszterhas on the cement pavement in front of the main entrance door . the two of they be look ata _ gunmetal grey , armoure , iron-clad prison bus park by the door to the prison quadrant of the building . the transport carrier be like a fortress on wheel . the window be cage , bar and steel slit on they . the massive , menace vehicle be sit with its engine rumbling , exhaust puffing out of its pipe . the bolt , pole - lock door to the cellblock sector be open and five guard with riot helmet step outside into the morning air . they assume sentry position against the wall with shotgun in they hand . four policeman with rifle walk out in single file . the hitcher , in black raincoat , he wrist cuffed and padlock to the chain on he waist , be sandwich between they . the kid be watch he like a hawk . the driver piston open the hydraulic rear door of the bus . John Ryder be walk up to the stairwell lead into a solitary steel cell in the back compartment of the transport carrier . he stand still and turn he head to look at Jim halsey stand thirty foot away on the sidewalk . '' the kid and the hitcher lock eye . the young man wink . the psychopath squint . John Ryder get a gun barrel in the small of he back . he have a small smile on he face as he climb up the step of the stairwell into the steel cell , alone . the driver secure the door behind he and shut the lock with a key in he hand . he walk around to the cab and hoist himself inside . the engine grind into gear and the ten-ton prison bus roll out in a hiss of AIR brake . Jim halsey and Captain eszterhas watch the tank - like bus lurch onto the acess road . the grey iron transport vehicle with the bar and slot on the window lumber out onto the freeway . it drive into the distance and disappear in the dust settling in its wake . the police commander pat the young man on the shoul - der . he walk he across the parking lot towards a Texas Ranger car with a captain 's insignia on the side . the cop hand the kid a subpoena pamphlet from the state courthouse . Jim read it absently while he walk . ( continued ) 63 64 85 . continued : ( 2 ) 63 Captain eszterhas unlock halsey 's door , walk around the hood of the car to unlatch he own . the Texas Ranger commander stuff he hefty bulk behind the wheel and stick the key in the ignition . Jim climb down into -- int . TEXAS ranger car - night 64 the kid settles into he seat as Captain eszterhas switch on the engine , shift into gear and steer out of the lot onto the access ramp . the young man 's fea - ture look haggard , batter and haunt in the early trace of morning light . the police commander drive the car onto the freeway in the opposite direction of the depart bus . halsey where be we go ? captain eszterhas the department have a room reserve for you at the best western . you should get some sleep . you have have a long day . halsey yeah , you could say that . captain eszterhas something on you mind , son ? halsey what 's go to happen to he ? captain eszterhas right now he 's on he way to a hold tank in the huntsville maximum Security penitentiary . halsey you know what I be talk about . captain eszterhas yes , I guess I do . his trial be set for two week from today . you will be the star witness and you testimony should serve to get he commit to a high - security sanitarium for the rest of he life . ( continued ) 64 continued : 64 the kid look out the window , seemingly sleepy but secretly awake and aware . he be wind up as he watch the tundra and brush blur by on the side of the road . his face register a richter scale read on the inner disturbance in he gut and intestine . halsey you know you will not be able to keep he in prison . you know he will break out . you know he will get loose . the Texas Ranger commander turn he head to look at he kid and he eye be solder steel . captain eszterhas you listen and you listen good . there 's something strange go on between the two of you . I do not know what it be and I do not know if I want to know . I do not like it . and I will warn you . the psycho be in the hand of the authority and whatever happen to he will be decide by the judicial process . it do not have anything to do with you . halsey shrug he shoulder and stare straight ahead , he mind work . halsey you get a cigarette on you ? captain eszterhas sure . the cop look down at he breast pocket , reach to remove he pack . Jim snake out he hand and snatch the colt .45 out of the police commander 's sideholster , aim it in a two -hand grip at the man 's head . Captain eszterhas be too slow to stop he . halsey speak in a soft whisper . halsey stop the car . captain eszterhas you be not go to use that . ( continued ) 64 65 continued : ( 2 ) 64 halsey I can not say for sure that I will not shoot you if you do not do what I say . stop the car and do not do 7 anything stupid . the Texas Ranger 's eye be iron . he see the kid be talk straight . so he slow down and steer onto the road shoulder , shutting off the ignition and put on the parking brake . captain eszterhas what do you have in mind ? halsey I be go to have to ask you to get out of the car . the police commander sit with he hand on the wheel , look hard at the kid point the pistol in he face . captain eszterhas you be go to get kill . if you do not die , you will be imprison . halsey I be sorry , sir . I really be . it 's something I gotta do . captain eszterhas you do not know what you be do . halsey we will see . the cop shake he head and sigh . he open the door latch and climb out onto the roadside . the kid slam the door shut , jam the gun in he belt , position himself behind the wheel and stomp on the gas pedal . he steer the car in a speed , screeching tire " U " turn and rocket the car back up the road . ext . road shoulder - interstate highway 10 east - day 65 Captain eszterhas stand in the smokey smog of dust and dirt swirl up by the rapidly recede car . ( continued ) 65 66 67 88 . continued : 65 the Texas Ranger commander squint down the road at the shrink speck of the ' car . he swear and throw he stetson hat on the blacktop and break white line . he run he hand through he hair , he face register the realization that what be go to happen be out of he hand . as he stand in the desert stillness , a acceptance of the situation appear on he feature . Captain eszterhas sigh wearily and pick up he hat . he hold it weakly at he side and survey he sur - rounding . he 's in the middle of nowhere . the cop shake he head , shrug and stick out he thumb . ' int . TEXAS ranger car - day 66 Dawn be come on like a freight train . Jim halsey be sit in the seat , he hand squarely on the steering wheel , he sneaker stamp on the accelerator . the speedometer needle be climb past 100 mph . the car shiver and shake , rock by the wind raging through the open window . the kid brushes the hair from he face and get a grip on the colt .45 thrust in he belt . he draw it out , gritting he tooth and grin as he see something up ahead on the road through the windshield . the gunmetal grey armored prison transport carrier be a quarter of a mile away , the iron-clad rear tailgate curtain in a cloud of dust . Jim shift gear and slow he speed , decelerate to take position behind the back end of the bus . he beeps he horn . the vehicle honk its klaxon in acknowledgement . halsey eject the clip of the gun in he hand to see there be a full load of .45 calibre shell . he inject the magazine back into the pistol and light a cigarette , puffing smoke . ext . prison bus - day 67 the rear door of the back compartment of the transport carrier burst OPEN in the rush air . the hitcher appear like a black bat in the doorway , he handcuffs hang open on he wrist , he hair and raincoat flap furiously in the whipping wind . ( continued ) 67 68 69 89 . continued : 67 his black bullet eye be bloodshot in he scar skull of a face as he stare at the Texas Ranger car ten yard behind the bus below he . the prong of the lock pick be stick in the inside tumbler of the door . int . TEXAS ranger car - day 68 Jim halsey stare in stunne awe at the skeletal scare - crow stand in the doorway of the bus several yard in front of he . the kid snap out of it , snarl , and raise he colt .45 , attempt to aim a shot through the windshield . John Ryder see he and he stitched face smile like a open wound . he propel himself off the back of the bus and plunge through space . his body strike the windshield of the car and shatter it to smithereen as he slump into the front seat in sprinkle shower of splinter glass . the kid scream and spin the steer - ing wheel hand over hand , swerving the car ina screeching tire arc around the slow prison transport carrier in front of he . the pistol drop onto the floor by he foot . the hitcher sit up in the seat in a sea of blood and break glass . he snatch the saw - off shotgun from the dashboard rack . the stitches on he scar , rip - to-ribbon face hang in tatter string and a single bloodshot black bullet eye stare down the sight of the shotgun he level on the side of halsey 's head . his finger be on the trigger . ryder hi , kid . Jim brace himself and stomp he foot on the brake pedal . the Texas Ranger car slam to a stop . halsey 's head be whiplash against the steering wheel with stun force . Ryder shriek as he be catapult over the dashboard and out the smashed windscreen onto -~ ext . interstate highway 10 west - day 69 the hitcher be steamshovel onto the blacktop tarmac and break white line with a sicken sound . ( continued ) 69 70 71 continued : 69 his shotgun spin away on the road . the psychotic be sprawle and splay on the hot tar in the rise , rippling wave of heat . the Texas Ranger car sit stationary a short distance away , chunks of stripped , smoking rubber on the road near the skinned tire . steam waft up from under the hood . John Ryder stir . he rise to he hand and knee , he finger stamp bloody handprint on the white line of the road . in a space - out stupor , he stumble to he foot and stagger towards the saw - off shotgun sit in the dirt on the road shoulder . int . TEXAS ranger car - day 70 the kid lie back in he seat , squinting through the windshield to see the skeletal scarecrow silhouette of the hitcher reach for he weapon through the wispy steam spew out of the hood . Jim shake the sand out of he head and shiveringly pick up the colt .45 lie at he foot . he get a good grip on the weapon and rest he wrist against the steering wheel . his eye refuse to focus as he settles he aim on the shadow in the smoke screen of steam . his finger find the trigger . the silhouette shape raise its shotgun to its shoulder . halsey scream he lung out and squeeze the trigger again and again , use up all the slug . the fiery wooshes of flame spitting out of the barrel burn away the steam . Jim be smashed back in he seat by the recoil . he sit and stare silently at the sight of John Ryder staggering spastically around the roadway , rupture rip in he shirt where several shot have strike he . ext . interstate highway 10 - day 71 the sun beat down on the back of the hitcher as he stumble across the blacktop and break white line . the kid watch he breathlessly through the windshield of the stall - out car as he shuffles to a stop and stand straight with the saw - off shotgun hold in both hand . his bloodshot eye be both blurry and clear . his body be riddled with bullet but some sick spirit inside he refuse to die , he be stay alive by sheer psychosis . ( continued ) 71 72 91 . continued : 71 John Ryder raise the shotgun and rest the wooden stock against he abdomen , aim from the waist and swivoting he hip to point the weapon at Jim halsey sit in the automobile . he have a ghoulish grin on 's face . the kid 's eye widen and he switch on the ignition . the car engine roar on . the hitcher snarl and fire the saw - off shotgun , shoot a cartridge and shear - ing a hole through the grillwork of the hood of the car , shatter a headlight in a shower of spark and glass . the motor sputter and stall , smashed by the shotgun blast . int . TEXAS ranger car - day 72 Jim 's face be flushed with adrenalin as he see Ryder recover from the recoil of the shot and revolve at the waist to aim the weapon at halsey through the wind - screen . the kid grit he tooth and twist the key in the ignition , pump the gas pedal for all he be worth . the engine whinnie and whine . it 's not work . Jim duck down and cover he head with he arm as the psycho cock the saw - off shotgun and shoot a round of shot that splinter a section off the steering wheel and smashes a hole in the stuff of the seat halsey be sit in . the kid rise up straight to see the hitcher walk towards the car on the road , cocking the gun and aim it with the butt rest against he waist , a skeletal grin on he skull face . Jim shriek and wind the key ring in the ignition slot , summoning a scratchy squealing from the ravage engine . John Ryder 's eye shine as he lap he chap lip and fire the saw - off shotgun in a lick tongue of flame . halsey drop into the passenger seat as the headrest be blast to bit and the backshield be blow out . the kid suck in air and sit up in he seat , stare straight into the hitcher 's eye as the psycho stop walk and stand twenty foot from the car , cocking the shotgun and aim it with one arm at the automobile . Jim cross he finger . halsey switch on the igni - tion and slam the stick shift into gear , stomping on the accelerator . the motor rage on . the Texas Ranger car riproar up the road in a scream of tire . ( continued ) 72 73 92 . continued : 72 for a single split second the eye of the kid meet the eye of the hitcher as the shadow of the advance automobile fail over he face and the roar of the™ engine fill he ear . a relieved smile spread across the psycho 's mouth . the bumper of the speed car surge into the skeletal scarecrow shape of John Ryder , strike he in the stomach at 40 mph . Jim shout in satisfaction as the automobile bump underneath he as it roll over the bony body beneath the wheel . halsey stare straight ahead as he steer the car a few more foot and switch off the ignition , put on the parking brake . the kid shove open the @oor , shoulder out onto -- ext , interstate highway 10 - day 73 Jim stand on the hot tarmac in the wet wave of heat . he be a sizzling silhouette against the searing fire - ball of the rise sun in the settling dust . he light a cigarette and walk along the bloody tire tread mark on the blacktop and break white line to the remain cf John Ryder . he stand and stare down at it , testing it with the toe of he sneaker . the hitcher be definitely dead . no doubt about it . the kid heave the colt .45 in he hand into the desert as far as he can throw it . the SOUND of siren shatter the desert silence . Jim look up the road to see scintillating red sparkles . he walk back to the smoking , steaming automobile , ealsey climb up on the hood and sit on it , await the arrival of the authority . he smoke he cigarette in the sunlight of the day . fade out . the end = at mere