the bourne ultimatum written by tony gilroy , Scott Z. burn &amp ; George nolfi base on the novel by Robert ludlum final shoot script June 20 , 2007 notice : this material be the property of Beach City production LLC ( a wholly own subsidiary of universal City studios , Inc. ) and be intend and restrict solely for studio use by studio personnel . distribution or disclosure of the material to unauthorize person be prohibit . the sale , copying or reproduction of this material in any form be also prohibit . 1 1 ext . night . housing project -- moscow 1 smash CUT motion -- flat out -- it 's we -- we be run -- stumbling -- breathe rush -- blood in the snow ... we be jason bourne and we be run down a alley ... super below : moscow blue light -- from the distance -- strobing through the night -- rush toward we -- police car -- three of they - - siren howling as they bear down -- closer -- faster -- until they whip past the alley ... up against the wall -- bourne be hide in the shadow . bourne be badly wounded -- shot through the shoulder -- bruise and break bone from the final car chase in supremacy ... with a groan , he lift himself up , stagger across a park toward a pharmacy ... 4 int . night . pharmacy -- moscow 4 rows of medicine and first aid supplies , and in the background , a door be jimmied ... it 's bourne ... the alarm go off ... macro on -- medicine bottle vicodin , as bourne grab it ... then penicillin ... then surgical supplies : scalpel ... forcep ... suture ... cotton gauze ... betadine ... bourne find a large sink ... rest he gun there ... lay out surgical supplies ... check out he back in the mirror ... open the capsule of penicillin and pour the powder directly into the wound ... begins treat himself ... 5 ext . night . pharmacy -- moscow 5 a police car pull up to the curb , light flash . one policeman go to the jimmied door . second policeman see blood and footprint . he motion to he partner to follow ... 6 int . night . pharmacy bathroom -- moscow 6 bourne finish up -- splashes water on he face -- he seem a man on a mission . he look up -- 2 a mirror . his face ... fb1 flashback -- jumbled streaky image : fb1 " 415 " write on a building . disembodied voice ( hirsch ) welcome to the program ... Pov bourne walk down a corridor ( corridor # 1 ) . 6aa int . night pharmacy -- moscow 6 aa the cop approach . fb1a flashback -- jumbled streaky image : fb1a Daniels lead bourne down the corridor . disembodied voice ( v.o. ) you will be save american life . a black sack be throw over bourne 's head , then : ( stock ) a torrent of quick shot of bourne 's kill : the Professor , jarda , the blonde guy in Paris , Mr. and Mrs. neski ... and finally . bang -- Marie hit in the head . the car off the bridge . she sink away dead ... 6a int . night pharmacy -- moscow 6a the police enter the back room , gun draw . policeman # 1 put you hand on you head and turn around slowly ! bourne snap out of it , do not move . policeman # 1 ( older ) approach he . when bourne do not respond to he question , the policeman start forward . bourne turn and in one motion grab he gun from the sink and disable the policeman . bourne freeze policeman # 2 with he gun and a look . bourne ( in Russian ) give I you gun and radio . policeman # 2 's gun and radio skittle across the floor . 3 bourne ( in Russian ) my argument be not with you . bourne smashes the radio and take the gun . bourne exit ... black screen a title fade in -- the bourne ultimatum super : six week later 6b omitted 6b 6c omitted 6c 6d omitted 6d 6e omitted 6e 6f omitted 6f 6g omitted 6g 6f omitted 6f 6g omitted 6g 8b ext . day . langley , VA 8b establish shot -- CIA headquarters 8c int . CIA -- day 8c a workman install a nameplate that read : ezra Kramer , director , CIA . 8c int . kramer' office -- day 8c Kramer listen to a recording with landy and cronin . there be unhung picture and a few other item that indicate he have just move into this job . 4 two other senior CIA official sit in on the meeting . Kramer look at a file on bourne and abbott . bourne ( v.o. ) so we get in the way ? be that why neski die ? be that why you kill Marie ? Kramer glance at a photo of Marie in the file . abbott ( v.o. ) you kill Marie the minute you climb into she car . the minute you enter she life she be dead ! Kramer look at abbott 's official photo . bourne ( v.o. ) I tell you people to leave I alone ! I fall off the grid . I be half way around the world . abbott ( v.o. ) there 's no place it will not catch up to you . it 's how every story end . it 's what you be , Jason . a killer ! you always will be . thump ! cronin we think that 's bourne hit he on the head and then -- he make a gun with he hand , i.e. bourne put he gun to abbott 's head . abbott ( v.o. ) go ahead ! go on ! do it ! bourne ( v.o. ) she would not want I to . that 's the only reason you alive . the tape click off . kramer who 's " she ? " cronin put a picture of marie in front of kramer . landy his girlfriend , Marie . she be kill in India three week ago . Kramer look down at another image . abbott dead after he suicide . 5 kramer a dirty section chief in league with a corrupt Russian billionaire commit suicide when confront by Jason bourne . you could not make this stuff up . ( hold up the photo of abbot dead ) you watch this happen ? landy nod . Kramer shake he head in disgust at the whole situation . kramer bourne 's last confirm location be Moscow , three day ago ? landy right . kramer so what do he do now ? landy I think he 's look for something he have not find . kramer like what ? what 's he after ? landy I be not sure . maybe he have not get he memory back yet . not all of it . a look from Kramer ... kramer Pam , what I need to know be , what kind of a threat be he to we ? landy if he just want to hurt we he could have send this tape to CNN . kramer maybe he still will . maybe he give it to you because he want to throw you in the opposite direction of he real plan . I do not know . I just know my number one rule be " the only way to stay safe be to assume the worst . " as far as I be concerned bourne be a serious threat until prove otherwise . 6 8d omitted 8d 8e omitted 8e 8f omitted 8f 8g omitted 8g 14a omitted 14a 14aa ext . turin , italy - establishing shot 14 aa super : turin , italy r15 int . day . italian cafe backroom -- turin r15 ross interview daniel , a tape recorder on the table between they . ross show daniel some of the evidence he 's assemble ... wanted poster of jason bourne . ross ( with poster ) ... this one 's three year ago -- have half of interpol after he -- disappear ... turned up in naple -- Berlin -- Moscow -- disappear again ... ( Daniels say nothing ) the girl he be on he run with -- Marie kreutz -- she turn up dead halfway around the world , from a sniper 's bullet ... ( beat ) what connect the dot ? be it treadstone ? daniel turn off that tape recorder . 15a omitted 15a 15b omitted 15b 24 int . day . martin' apartment -- paris 24 the charm of old Paris capture in the working of a elevator operate in a wrought- iron shaft ... 7 a work table , cover with sheet music , music paper , pencil . and , sit on the upright piano against the wall , a frame photo of marie ... a knock on a door beautifully , heavily lacquer with century of paint ... martin kreutz , late 20 , open the door and find bourne . a long look between they -- like two lose brother who recognize each other -- each have be wait for this moment for a long time . int . continuous . martin' apartment Martin look out the window . martin where be my sister ? bourne she 's dead . she be kill . martin I know it be go to end this way . it be always go to end this way ... bourne I do not believe that . martin why do she die ? bourne she be shot . a man come for I . martin and then you kill he . bourne nod . martin now what ? bourne someone start all this ... and I be go to find they . bourne look at he for a beat and leave . ext . subway -- day bourne climb the stair . bourne round a corner and stop , see a bodyguard at a door up the street hail a car then go back inside . 8 bourne walk up to the door , the bodyguard come out again . bourne knock he aside . grab the man behind he , ellatrache . bourne ( in french ) who start treadstone ? the bodyguard come back , gun out -- ellatrache ( in french , to bodyguard ) it 's ok ! ( in french , to bourne ) they be still look for you . you be take a big risk come here . bourne shove he against the wall , hard . bourne ( in french ) just tell I what I want to know ! ellatrache ( in french ) I just provide they weapon . I do not know who start -- bourne ( in french ) you know something . tell I where to start look . ellatrache ( in french ) there 's a journalist in London . Simon Ross . he seem to know a lot about you . he have a source inside the program . someone there from the beginning . what should I tell they if they contact I ? bourne ( in English ) they give I the name I want , or I burn they entire house down to get it . 16 ext . day . heathrow airport -- london 16 ross hurry to catch a taxi as he talk on he cell phone . 9 ross ... this be big -- a skein of lie -- you pull at it and it just keep come -- I will fill you in when I get home . and it 's not finish , either . ( beat ) they be call it ` blackbriar ' . follow this sequence as ... 17 int . day . CIA substation -- london 17 a listening station in England scoops up million of cell phone call ... sift through billion of word ... one word emerge from the chatter ... blackbriar a technician send the data to NSA back in the States ... where another computer gather up the rest of the phone call ... as we listen ... tech#3 " blackbriar " echelon hit . NSA , please confirm receipt . r18 ext . day . CIA headquarters -- langley r18 and there in the cri hub , another technician receive the data . stop supervisor and report . technician # 1 Sir , we intercept a call from London , keyword " blackbriar . " supervisor okay , send it to cri right now . 25d ext . day . the skyline -- new york CITY 25d noah vosen , deat and confident , arrive at cri headquarters . 25e int . day . cri office -- new york CITY 25e as vosen step out of the elevator and into he office , he be meet by he # 2 , will . will we track the phone . registered to a London reporter name Simon Ross . he work at the Guardian newspaper . 10 they enter a hallway through double door towards the hub . vosen you tracking he ? as they pass through , colleague hand will a file . will yeah , thanks Mike . we have a survey team cover he at work ... and a sneak and peek on they way to he apartment . vosen well , who talk to he ? how do he find out about blackbriar ? will we do not know , we pull he background and run a cross check on any know anomaly , but we have come up with nothing . but , I think if we follow Ross , we be go to be able ... vosen right . Ross be easy . I want the source . they enter the hub . 26 ext . day . gare du nord -- paris 26 bourne busy a newspaper , enter the station and get on the eurostar . 26a int . day . cri data room ( be 25e ) 26 a vosen and willis listen to the phone call . ross ( voiceover ) have you hear of a operation blackbriar ? I be go to try and get my head around this , see you first thing . vosen turn . vosen be that all ? will yeah . 11 vosen I want rendition protocol and I want the asset put on standby , just in case . 26b int . day -- cri hub 26 B vosen step out from data room ... address the hub . vosen people , listen up , this be a full priority situation will Jimmy , give I Ross 's profile on one . ( point at the big screen on the wall ) ross be information come up on the center screen . vosen we target be a british national , Simon Ross , a reporter . I want all he phone , he blackberry , he apartment , he car , bank account , credit card , travel pattern ... I want to know what he 's go to think before he do . every dirty little secret he have . and most of all , we want the name and real time location of he source . this be NSA priority level 4 , any question ? no response from the hub . vosen ( cont 'd ) all right , let 's get to it . 26c ext . day . eurostar -- england 26c the eurostar wind it 's way to London . 26d int . day . eurostar 26d bourne read the Guardian . he see a article write by Simon Ross . title : " renegade assassin lose in europe " . it mention bourne . there be a photo of Marie - - fb2 flashback fb2 12 Marie smile at he . Marie shot . Marie fade into the depth , dead . bourne burn Marie 's stuff 26d int . day . eurostar 26d bourne come out of the flashback . he be still carry the pain of she loss bourne find Ross 's name on the masthead , then go to the name just below it in the news department . 29 ext . day guardian newspaper -- london 29 Ross cross a busy London street -- head to Guardian office building . a cri team watch from a park car . 35h int . day -- cri hub 35h tech # 1 watch the data arrive . tech #1 copy that . Mr. vosen , subject be enter he office . vosen watch the feed . vosen where 's my picture please ? tech#2 come online ... Online ... now . a surveillance picture flash onscreen -- ross work in he office . hub chatter about ross phone . tech#3 take a hour to get he phone ... vosen that 's too long . off vosen . r34 int . day . guardian editor office -- london r34 ross report to he editor . editor so how do we know he 's not spin for someone ? ross there 's more . he be scared . 13 editor scare of what ? ross blackbriar . a reporter stick she head in . reporter sorry , a call for you . ross who be it ? reporter wo not give hie name . ross leave to pick up the call . 35y int . continuous . guardian -- newsroom 35 y ross cross the busy newsroom ... reporter he 's on my line ... ross pick up the phone . Ross ( cont 'd ) Simon Ross . 35h int . day . cri hub -- new york CITY 35h vosen watch as ross take phone call . vosen why be not we hearing this ? will that 's a hard line , Jimmy , why do not we have it ? jimmy we have he line , sir , but he 's not on it . will look confuse . 35y int . day guardian -- newsroom 35 y ross listen . bourne ( v.o. ) waterloo Station , south entrance , thirty minute . 14 ross who be this ? bourne ( v.o. ) this be Jason bourne . 35Z int . day -- eurostar traveling 35 Z bourne you want to talk to I . come alone . bourne hang up . 35y int . day . guardian -- newsroom 35 y ross look bewilder -- hang up the phone -- gather he stuff -- put he notebook in he pocket and leave . survey one ( v.o. ) be you get a image ? 35h vosen 35h where 's he go ? will okay , he be on the move . target be mobile . the hub react . . will okay , people , look sharp , give I eyeball on the street . 36 int . day . build -- across from guardian 36 survey one have pan down to the entrance of the guardian building . because ross be on the move ... survey one subject be on the move . go mobile one and two . will where 's that audio on the street ? I want to know where he 's go ... 36a ext . continuous . london STREET 36 a ross hail a black taxi . the silver van pull out behind he ... 15 35h int . day . new york hub 35h vosen watch as the feed from the silver van come through . mobile 2 ( over radio ) we have the subject confirm . vosen where be he head ? mobile 2 waterloo Station . 37 ext . day . waterloo station -- london 37 bourne arrive on the eurostar . enter the station . 38 ext . continuous . STREET 38 as the taxi move away , the silver van pull out behind it . a cycle courier momentarily block its path . look in on ross sifting through document in the back seat . hub ( v.o. ) stand by at waterloo ... 39 ext . day . waterloo station -- london 39 bourne move toward the rendezvous ... 63 int / ext . day . black cab -- york road 63 ross pay the driver , exit . check he watch . look around . be not sure what he next move be -- 64h int . day . cri hub 64h technician search for ross on the busy street . technician # 2 mobile one -- give we eye on the subject . 16 63 ext . day . york road -- london 63 mobile one -- two people from the van -- take up a position in a open stairwell three floor up . they focus a camera down on Ross . 63a ext . day . entrance -- waterloo station 63a bourne busy a cell phone . activate the SIM card on the new phone . dump the pay-as- you - go package in a bin . round a corner . out of sight . 63b omitted 63b 64h int . continuous . cri hub -- new york CITY 64h screen come alive with a Pov of ross . vosen study the monitor . ross arrive at waterloo , pay taxi . technician # 1 Sir , subject just arrive at the south entrance to waterloo Station . 63 int . day . waterloo -- entrance 63 ross move to the entrance . behind he , inside the tube station portico , bourne arrive . see ross . see the two survey team . mobile one up the stair well and mobile two at street level . commuter come up the escalator . bourne join they - move towards Ross . closer . right on he . ross oblivious . look out onto the street . bourne brushes past he and put the phone in he pocket .. ross feel the contact . check himself -- he 's okay . but now a phone be ringing -- look around , must be someone else . but the vibration 's come from he jacket pocket . ross take out the phone -- not he -- puzzle . ross hit " answer . " 17 ross hello ? bourne ( o.s. ) do not ask question . just listen ... 64h int . continuous . new york hub 64h vosen watch ... vosen what 's he do ? I think we block he cell ? who the hell be he talk to ??? will Jimmy , I need that phone ! vosen ( beat ) activate the asset . will Sir , we have not yet become operational -- vosen I say activate the asset . I want option . will key in a code ... 64 ext . day . BMW -- london STREET 64 paz , 20 , cool and predatory , drive and wait for instruction ... his phone buzze ... he read the code ... accelerate toward waterloo Station ... 70 ext . continuous . footbridge 70 bourne reach the top of the stairwell on the other side of the road . his Pov to the leave -- a london bus be approach . to the right -- a young man in a hood top -- speak on he cell -- walk toward a bus stop ... a plan be form . 71 int . continuous . white van 71 survey two -- camera zoom in on ross . 18 survey two what 's the roe on this one ? panning to reveal 64h int . continuous . new york hub 64h vosen think it over as he watch the image of ross . 75 ext . day . york road -- tube -- bus stop 75 ross look around . then -- bourne ( o.s. ) to you leave . Blue hood top . walk towards the bus stop ross have clocked he . the hoody walk to the bus stop . one hand - free earbud sway down by he side as he move to a seat . sitting down . check he watch . ross shifting nervously from one foot to another . bourne ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) go to the bus stop , sit next to he . head down ... the london bus approach . ross begin to move . 64h int . day . cri hub -- new york 64h thing be beginning to happen . technician # 1 target be on the move . will okay , who 's the guy in the blue hood ? screen Pov . ross stand next to the hoody -- head down . try to play it cool -- ross in clear view of the camera . " speak " with the hoody . camera zoom in . vosen okay , there , he 's talk to the guy with the hood . take they down . just then -- 19 a bus pull up to the bus stop , block both survey ' view . rifle micu pick up the bus chatter , instead of ross . vosen . annoy now . vosen watch that bus ! the bus ! -- do not lose they ! stay triangular and do not get block . the crackle of the survey team as they try and reframe . Pov screen -- survey one see the bus clear . the hoody have go . Pov another screen -- survey two -- camera finally catch up , pick out the hoody on the bus as it begin to pull away . vosen ? grab team B. grab the hoody and stay with Ross ... tech be give order ... 77 ext . across from york road -- day 77 survey two -- three man racing across the road on foot . weaving through heavy traffic . 78 ext . day . footbridge area 78 bourne watch he plan unfold ... only a few second to get ross out of there ... bourne take the footbridge . go to the West entrance . I will meet you at the newsstand . 79 ext . day . york road -- continuous 79 ross rear this -- move away -- the bus move up to the traffic light . the agent move across the street ... 64h int . day . new york -- encrypted area -- continuous 64h vosen look at the screen . point ... 20 vosen no , no , look ... Ross be not on the bus . Split up the team -- get the guy on the bus and send someone to stay on Ross . r81 ext day . york road -- continuous r81 one agent peel off , to keep ross in check . the other two agent racing to the bus as it pull away from the light . kick the door open , leaping on . gun draw . so quick . passenger scream . agent one ( to hoody ) you . on the floor . down . push the hoody to the floor . agent two Driver , stop the bus ! on the hoody . the hood be pull back . a innocent young man -- terrify , bewilder . 83 ext . day . footbridge area 83 ross on the move across the walkway . 84 int . day . stairwell 84 survey one move up the step , only to meet - bourne come down . Three quick move and he 's down - slump against a wall - just another drunk to step over in the rush hour . pull the feed . take the earbud . then back up and fall into step behind ross . listen in to the chaos he have cause -- a ocean away . 64h int . day . new york hub 64h techies scramble to restore the feed . vosen stare . technician # 2 we have lose signal . 21 technician # 1 what happen to Survey one ? vosen I do not like this . patch I through to met surveillance . 86 int / ext . day . car -- london street 86 paz park up -- get the call -- pull out into the traffic . slice through to the target area . waterloo up ahead . 87 ext . day . waterloo 87 a second survey team -- out of they vehicle . furtively they lock and load they side arm . fanning out towards the station . r88 ext . day . west entrance waterloo - newstand r88 bourne stop Ross , surprising he . bourne why do you know so much about I ? ross what ? bourne the article . you talk to someone from treadstone . someone there at the beginning . what 's he name ? ross I can not tell you that .... who 's follow I ? bourne whoever they be it 's trouble . ross be they blackbriar ? bourne blackbriar , what 's blackbriar ? ross I do not know . I hear the name this morning for the first time . whatever it be , my source say it start with you . 22 bourne what ? what be you talk about ? ross look , just help I get away from this people ... and we can talk more ... we can -- bourne ( spot approach operative ) we have to move . bourne move Ross toward the concourse . bourne answer you phone . 64h int . day . cri hub 64h screen come alive again . they be through to met surveillance -- the area around waterloo . technician # 1 last sighted head to the West entrance . vosen he 's get to be close . seal the entrance . 90 ext . day . waterloo 90 the new survey team move towards different entrance -- ready to beat out the quarry . r88a ext . day . west entrance r88a cameras suddenly alive . Movement across the footbridge . the net 's be throw . 91 int . continuous . concourse -- waterloo 91 into the station concourse . ross move fast . Fighting through the crowd of face . each one a killer in ross ' torment mind . bourne on the periphery look out across the throng , pick out the inconsistency . 23 one agent , then another approach . he dial . bourne ( o.c. ) Three o'clock . female . blonde black top . ross have she see I ? bourne not yet . dip leave past the photo kiosk . ross spin round . dipping leave . black top pass in the background miss he . bourne crossing close behind - marshall the piece at breakneck speed . bourne ( cont 'd ) straight ahead . News kiosk . ross turn . weaving through the commuter . bourne see camera turn . ross head into they path . bourne ( cont 'd ) Change of plan . stop . tie you shoelace . bourne see ross dip out of view as a group of tourist block the cctv 's line of sight . 64h int . day . cri hub 64h that same scene -- score of tourist -- from vosen 's point of view . the tech try to get another angle ... 94 ext . day . concourse -- waterloo 94 ross look through the sea of leg as he finish tie he lace . cameras sweeping past . ross be we clear ? bourne clear . News kiosk . straight ahead . ross on the move . sweating . paranoid . see a bin man come toward he -- reach into he trolley . 24 ross straight toward I . Bin man ? bourne negative . ross he 's get a gun . bourne negative . keep straight ahead . but ross swerve out of he path as the bin man pull out -- a bunch of key . cctv cameras turn -- zooming in on ross . 64h int . day . cri hub -- new york 64h Ross ' face on all screen . tech#1 we get a hit . Middle of the concourse . vosen pace . vosen we be lose he ! we can not afford to lose he ! frenzied teching as they capture and transmit a image of Ross to ... 96 ext . day . taxi rank -- waterloo 96 paz flipping open he phone . a voice crackle in he earpiece . voice waterloo concourse . subject head east . paz jam the wheel hard right . do a high speed U - turn . head towards the east side of the station . 94 ext . day . concourse 94 bourne realize ross have be see . see the agent start to form the box ... bourne get into cover . now ! 25 ross move faster . vosen 64h what 's the status of the asset ? 64h will in place in one minute . vosen alright , I want to take he now . get he out of there and have the asset cover it . will give order ... 96 int . car travelling -- mepham STREET -- day . 96 paz pull into a side street . out towards a series of arch that lead underneath the terminal . in he ear ... voice target move towards the store . another voice asset in play . eta thirty second . all exit cover . paz through the archway . grabbing a station plan . study it . 98 through a subterranean maze of corridor . up step . 98 through door . on he way to the kill zone . 99 ext . concourse -- continuous -- day 99 ross move through crowd around the departure board . bourne hearing that last exchange in he earpiece too . asset in play ? bourne keep move ... bourne 's Pov : agent close the box . the departure board . platform 7 . a train wait . bourne ( cont 'd ) faster .... commuter wait for the platform bourne ( cont 'd ) the front ... 26 suddenly -- click -- platform 7 display . a wave of commuter flooding away -- sweeping the agent back with they towards platform 7 . bourne ( cont 'd ) get in the store . bourne be buy they thirty second . 100 int . tunnel above the concourse -- day 100 paz on the move . earpiece crackle . through a door . take a leave down another tunnel . open another security door and move up some step . towards a ladder . 100a ext . concourse waterloo -- simultaneously -- day 100 a the agent regroup . speak into they radio . Voice he 's in the store -- still move east . ross out into the open again . in front of he another store complex . bourne inside ! bourne search the concourse . something bother he . the threat level click another notch . 102a/ B int . maintenance area -- simultaneously -- day 102a / B paz head up some stair to a service platform . climb a ladder . 101 ext . concourse -- continuous -- day 101 ross into the store complex . to one side be a service doorway . bourne see the agent approach . look the other way -- up at the hoarding above . something 's not right . treadstone instinct . bourne service doorway -- now ! 27 64h int . new york hub -- simultaneous -- day 64h a image of Ross as he enter the store complex appear on the screen . techy 2 store . Three mean of egress . vosen Close he down ... 105 int . store complex -- simultaneously -- day 105 ross through narrow store corridor . sheer panic now . two of the agent move in after he . bourne behind they . bang - take the first out silently . bourne keep move . ross move out to the light as another agent follow . bourne ( cont 'd ) through the store room . ross travel through . the second agent right behind as - bourne step out from behind the store room door . the dull snap of bone as second agent fall to the floor . 64h int . day -- cri hub 64h on a screen vosen watch , transfix , as bourne take out all he agent and then grab robb ... vosen Jesus Christ , that 's Jason bourne . will maybe he 's the source ? vosen it do not matter , the asset now have 2 target . take they both out . will tap in the order ... 102b int . maintenance area -- day 102b paz move cross a narrow walkway . 28 now he 's behind a mechanical ' tri-panel ' hoard . the kind that display a different advert every 15 second . he wait for the change and then --- -- a huge field of vision across the concourse stretch out down below he - a sniper 's heaven . paz pull open the motor-case from the side panel , go to work on it . slow the rotation . rearrang the large triangular prism to give he just the right time - gap to pull the trigger - and just enough cover to disappear . he take out rifle part from he rucksack . start to assemble they . 102c int . behind thresher ( behind the silver metal door ) 102c bourne I be go to get you to safety but you have to stay calm do exactly what I say . ross ( fear-induced autopilot ) sure , okay . bourne no , listen to I : exactly what I say this time . understand ? Ross snap to focus . look bourne in the eye . ross yes . bourne stay here while I look for a escape . Ross nod . 102b int . maintenance area 102b paz put together the rifle . 103 int . waterloo station 103 bourne exit from the silver door behind thresher . he stay on the phone with Ross . Hidden from the view of the cctv camera by the thick crowd , bourne see the approach agent abruptly pull back . 29 ross ( phone v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I can see the entrance from here I can make it out -- bourne no , stay behind that door . 64h int . hub 64h cctv view of the silver door behind thresher that ross be behind ( not bourne ) . will be on phone . will there . that silver door . bourne 's behind that door ? tech confirm . will okay , pull the agent back and give bourne 's location to the asset . 107 int . maintenance area 107 on he cell phone paz receive a text indicate bourne 's location . paz find the silver door and aim he rifle at it . scope Pov a shape barely visible move behind the window . ( it 's Ross but paz and the hub think it 's bourne . 111 int . behind thresher / waterloo concourse -- day 111 intercutting between ross and bourne : bourne spot the agent pull back per will ' order . ross ( into phone ) if I run now I can make it -- bourne ( into phone no. something 's not right . 107 int . maintenance area 107 paz await he shot -- 30 scope Pov the door come open slightly , but from this angle paz do not have a clean shot at he target ( who he think be bourne ) . 111 int . concourse -- waterloo 111 bourne search the rafter , look for any threat from above . ross ( tel . v.o. ) I be go to go for it , okay ? bourne do not move until I tell you . bourne be distract by the last of the agent disappear . something be definitely wrong -- ross I be go to go for it . bourne no , no not now . Ross suddenly sprint out from behind the door -- 110a scope Pov 110 a paz see the shape emerge -- 110a int . maintenance area -- day 110 a paz fire -- 111 int . waterloo -- series of angle 111 but it 's Ross , not bourne . Ross be hit by paz 's shot . he fall , inch from the silver door , dead . blood have splatter on the door . 110a int . paz' nest 110 a paz snap he head back to the scope , realize he 's shot the wrong person . then he catch a glimpse of bourne -- bourne duck behind the gather crowd , out of paz 's line of sight , and go to the body . 31 64h int . hub 64h vosen and will stare at the screen . at the image of Ross , dead on the concourse . the room -- normally full of chatter have go dead silent ... vosen put he head in he hand . this be a monumental screw up and everyone here know it . he just have the wrong man kill .... vosen oh ...shit ... then suddenly vosen snap back to focus : vosen ( cont 'd ) get the asset out of there ... will what about bourne ? on the hub monitor we see Police move in ... vosen do not need to see anymore . vosen get he out of there - now ! 111 int . waterloo -- day 111 bourne feel Ross ' body for something . 110a omitted 110 a 110a paz' nest 110 a paz be frustrated by the order . he 's itching to get another shot off at bourne , but after a beat , pack up quickly , as order . 111 int . waterloo -- day 111 back in waterloo , cop run in from all side . 111a int . day . waterloo station 111a on the screen and in real life , the aftermath of the hit . paramedics try helplessly to deal with ross -- kill instantly by the head shot mean for bourne ... police arrive and seal off the crime scene ... 32 113 ext . concourse waterloo -- simultaneously -- day 113 bourne on the move . fast -- past platform . on he way up to the tri panel . up stair . on to a walkway . to he right he see a figure disappear ... paz . bourne hammer down the walk - way in pursuit . 114 ext . platform area -- day 114 bourne tailing paz down on to a parallel platform . paz dip down into the underground entrance . 115/116 int . tube station -- waterloo -- day 115/116 paz move deliberately through the evening rush hour -- blend in ... bourne in pursuit . Chasing on instinct . there ... a glimpse of paz at the bottom of a escalator . bourne fight past people . paz disappear into the crowd . bourne rush to catch he . rounding a corner ... a long walkway -- at the end , two staircase lead to different tube line . bourne hesitates -- measure the choice . the sound of a train fill the station -- bourne -- fast downstairs . watch -- just as paz get onto the car at another door . bourne lunge to get on the train ... but the door close ... bourne's Pov watch paz from the platform as he sag down onto a seat , nauseate , he skin clammy , he head pound ... he take out the pill and dry-swallow they ... look up ... close on -- bourne watch paz ... as if he 's look in the mirror at he old self ... the self before the bourne identity ... 33 close on -- paz he look straight ahead , just another commuter ... back on -- bourne watch paz , as the train pull away ... then bourne be immediately in motion ... 119 int . day . director' office -- CIA -- langley , VA 119 kramer hello . vosen it 's vosen . we have a situation . 119b ext . night . daniel office -- madrid 119b establish sewell and marbury . 120 int . night . daniel office 120 daniel watch news of ross murder on tv . daniel panic , open he safe , pack up papers , take blackbriar file . set alarm . leave . 120c ext . night . internet cafe -- london . 120c bourne sit at a computer , the ross notebook open in front of he . he page through it , find name , place , " how did this all start ? " -- and blackbriar . he google " sewell and marbury " -- find Paris , Berlin , Madrid . bourne continue to search and find receipt from Madrid . bourne leave . 123 ext . day . posh HOTEL -- new york CITY 123 landy step out of a taxi ... 123a int . day . posh HOTEL -- new york CITY 123a vosen 's sit . vosen ( to waiter ) sparkle . and a " heart - healthy " omelet with goat cheese and pepper . landy arrive . 34 vosen you be late . traffic ? waiter ( hand she the menu ) ma'am ? landy nothing for I . vosen look at she , surprised . vosen I be buy . she shake she head , no . she sit , without take she coat off . she 's not stay long . vosen when the director call , it be suggest we bring you on -- landy suggested ? ( beat ) be you sure it be just a suggestion ? vosen funny how different thing look depend on where you sit . I look at this as do a favor for you . give you a opportunity to complete some unfinish business . landy meaning ? vosen Jason bourne . landy bourne 's finish . vosen really ? landy it be finish the moment I realize I be chase he for something he do not do . the case be close . 35 vosen so what do you make of this ? ( hand she surveillance photo of bourne in Paris ) french intel pick up bourne meeting Pierre elattrache on Tuesday . he threaten to burn we house down if you do not tell he who start treadstone . that 's a big problem , would not you agree ? landy this do not feel like bourne to I . vosen why 's it so hard for you to believe ? landy probably because it 's come from you , noah . vosen let try and be adult okay ? we all think he be do , off the grid . but bourne 's back . maybe he 's a threat . we both want the same thing here . landy so what happen at waterloo ? vosen we have a leak . bourne show up in we surveillance . we have very little time to react . landy and the reporter end up dead ? vosen bourne see we come . landy look at he , suspicious . landy so what be he do ? vosen ? we do not know . but just the fact that he be there mean he 's up to something , do not you think ? maybe he 's the source ? 36 landy the real question be how you manage to get in a fire fight in the middle of a public train station . vosen do not second guess a operation from a armchair , Pam . it 's not fair . landy I be go to the office now . I will make my own introduction . off vosen ... 125 ext . day . atocha train station -- madrid 125 a ave train pull into the vast station . bourne step out , walk up the platform . move out through the station ... 125a int . day -- cri hub 125a two new tech plus the three we meet before . all watch vosen lead landy and cronin into the room . will this be pamela landy . she 's gonna be quarterback we search effort . I think what we oughta do , just to get start , let 's go around the room , say who you be and what you spec be . landy step in before this get go -- landy let 's do name later . ( she 's get the floor ) what 's bourne 's last fix position ? ( impatient ) anybody . tech#3 London . twelve hundred Zulu . landy status ? wound ? armed ? tech #2 alive . mobile . unknown . 37 landy where be you grid come from ? tech#1 NSA tactical . landy you have a echelon package ? tech#1 yes . landy why be not it on ? tech#1 we be wait . landy for what ? ( no taker ) you be nine hour behind the toughest target you have ever track . I want everyone to sit down , strap in , and turn on all you have get . ( beat ) that would mean now . that light it . they be move . landy ( cont 'd ) thank you . vosen watch ... landy ( cont 'd ) I want everything you have get on Ross on screen one . landy watch as the screen light up with ross information ... 125b ext . day . sewell and marbury -- madrid 125b bourne arrive , begin to recon the area . he go to the front door find " sewell and marbury " and ring the bell . no answer . two cop come around a corner . bourne see they , note the side of the building and leave . 38 125e int . day . cri hub -- new york CITY 125e tech #1 Sir , we just hack Ross 's email account at the Guardian and find a round trip ticket to turin , yesterday . 0800 arrival , 12:05 departure . landy I think we can be pretty certain that bourne 's not you source then ? vosen how ? landy Ross 's call to he editor , where he say he just meet the source on blackbriar , take place just after he flight land . his meet he source in turin . vosen so ? landy so , what , bourne meet Ross for breakfast and then , at noon the same day bourne call Ross to demand a meet at waterloo ? cronin ( needle will ) maybe they be even on the same flight ? vosen Cross check the secure cell phone usage of everyone with blackbriar sci clearance against all call in and out of turin during the morning Ross be there technician start pound keyboard . landy the guy you be after be a CIA operative with clearance above top secret . he be commit treason by talk to Ross . do you really think , while do that , he use a cell phone he know we can track ? tech 3 ( jimmy ) Zero result on the cross check . 39 vosen stare dagger at she . will do you have a better idea ? landy yeah , I would look at all the people whose cell phone be switch off the entire period Ross be in turin . will do it Jimmy . technician start tapping . landy ( look at cronin ) I mean if you people use they cell phone as much as mine do , the list should be pretty small technician 3 jimmy Three name : Tom brewster , Jack boulin , Neal Daniels . the name display on the screen : Tom brewster , Jack boulin Neal Daniels . the hub employee can not help but be impressed by landy . will and vosen notice they response . landy now check everything in Ross 's apartment against that name . look for common pattern , look for - cronin initial ..... bring that up on main . landy turn . cronin be lean down in front of a computer screen . Point to something for the tech --- who put it on the big screen , blow up . in a set of handwritten note by ross it say " per n.d. " next to several scrawl . landy Neal Daniels . he 's Station Chief in Madrid now , be not he ? will Jesus Christ . 40 vosen call the rso at the embassy and have they take Daniels into custody if he 's there . if he 's not , get a grab team to the Calle norte safe house . send they in heavy and tell they we will assist with entry . landy " heavy ? " Daniels be not -- vosen I be worried about bourne . if he 's not Ross 's source , then he must be after Ross 's source -- just like we . off landy ... 125f ext . madrid street -- night 125 F bourne in a taxi turn a corner into a narrow street . the rain have slowed , but the street be still quiet . bourne get out and walk past the sewell and marbury front door , pick the lock and gain entry . 126b int . sewell and marbury . -- night 126b bourne up the stair . find the office . jimmy the door . disables the alarm . all the sign of a hurried exit . a half fill cup of coffee -- cigarette burn down in a ashtray but not snubbe out -- a light leave on -- file and document , some shred , some not . 127h int . hub 127h vosen pace back and forth . the hub be much quieter than it be in the waterloo scene . tech 1 . ( lucy ) parque vasquez be clean . no sign of subject . vosen team two , eta callee norte ? filter v.o. ( kiley ) Three minute . 41 127a ext . madrid street -- night 127a a black car move briskly through traffic and -- 127a int . moving black car -- night 127a hammond at the wheel . kiley with the map . shut off he phone . 127b int . sewell and marbury -- night 127b bourne check the office . soon he find a photo of Daniels with Albert Hirsch . fb3 ext . hospital annex -- overcast day -- flashback fb3 bourne arrive at a nondescript steel door with two cctv camera cover it . he see 415 write above the door . 127b int . sewell and marbury -- night 127b the flashback overwhelm bourne . fb3a int . SRD corridor -- day -- flashback fb3a Pov shot of bourne walk down the long corridor with Daniels . other shot revealing that bourne be in Army dress green ( without hat ) . Daniels knock and lead bourne into - - 127b int . sewell and marbury -- night 127b bourne be drive to he knee . fb3b omitted fb3b fb3c int . tank room -- flashback fb3c bourne be drag into a room with a large water tank . his hand have be bound behind he back , the sack 's drawstring pull tight , and he have be weight down . bourne be shove into the water . fb3d underwater shot -- flashback fb3d bourne fall into the water . splash . he start to sink . the wet sack allow we to see the outline of he face . also pove as bourne sink . 42 fb3e series of shot from above and below water --flashback fb3e bourne struggle wildly at first . tries to get out of he restraint . but to no avail . SRD man watch he from the edge of the tank . perhaps also on monitor . expressionless . fb3f underwater shot - flashback fb3f bourne fight every human instinct to draw a breath . also shot from bourne 's Pov : hirsch ( filter , eerie ) you be go to drow . there be nothing you can do to prevent this . stop struggle and accept it . finally bourne can not hold he breath for a instant longer . his mouth open . Water rush in . he convulse , begin to drow ... fb3g int . tank room -- flashback fb3g bourne 's body go limp . SRD man watch . no reaction . fb3h underwater shot -- flashback fb3h bourne go limp . Pov of he black out . 127b int . sewell and marbury -- night 127b bourne come out of the flashback . as he stagger across the room , he notice a car arrive on the monitor ... 127c ext . STREET 127c a car approach . 127b int . sewell and marbury 127b bourne snap out of it and see the car on a security monitor . 127c ext . STREET . 127c Agents get out of car and approach building . 43 127h int . day -- cri hub 127h tech#3 Sir , they be at the front door . vosen watch ... 127c ext . night . madrid safehouse 127c hammond and kiley enter the building . 127d int . night . safehouse 127d bourne run water into the tea kettle -- set the trap ... 128a int . night . safehouse 128a hammond and kiley enter . hammond we be in . bourne listen from he hide spot . 127h int . day . cri hub 127h landy pace . vosen okay , put it live . 129 int . night . safehouse 129 hammond move quickly into the room -- gun raise . hammond at the alarm box . hammond alarm 's down . 127h int . day -- cri hub 127h vosen that have to be bourne . vosen already move to the monitor . 131 int . night . madrid safehouse 131 hammond and kiley -- move cautiously from room to room -- they have do it before ... 44 hammond ( into mike ) safe 's clean out . 127h int . cri / grid room 127h vosen pace impatiently around the speakerphone -- vosen shit ... track the passport . 133 int . night / rain -- safehouse 133 kiley gesture to a light move under a door . kiley crouching ... lean in ... hand on the knob , and -- pull the closet door OPEN -- nothing . sink , dish . a small kitchen . and ... on the stove ... a tea kettle and a spoon ... which be the last thing they will remember , because ... bourne -- come around the corner fast -- full stop and -- bourne lay out hammond ... kiley turn to find bourne -- who take he out too . then it stop . bourne yank the headsets . close the phone . 127h int . day . cri hub 127h the screen go black . silence ... vosen goddamn it ! get a back - up team in there ! 127d int . madrid safehouse - night 127d tea kettle payoff ... 127h int . hub 127h vosen how long till back - up arrive ? the hub scramble to answer that ... landy pace in the background . suspicious of vosen ... 45 vosen how long ? ( beat , loud , to the entire hub ) stop ! hang on . I have a idea ... 136 int . night . madrid safehouse 136 on a security monitor -- bourne see another figure move up the stair ... check he watch , reloading he gun . twist into the path to shoot as the door open , hesitate because - it 's nicky . a beat -- long unbroken . bourne what be you do here ? nicky I be post here after Berlin . bourne where 's Daniels ? the office phone go . bourne wave she to it . she pick it up . he hit the speaker phone . 127h int . hub 127h nicky ( v.o. ) hello . vosen who be this ? nicky ( v.o. ) this be nicky parson . who 's this ? landy react to she voice ... both vosen and landy strongly suspect bourne be there and listen ... vosen read she " duress challenge " identity check off the screen . it read : challenge : " sparrow " response if under duress : " Ruby " response if normal : " everest " 46 vosen nicky , I need to do a id challenge first . code in : " sparrow . " vosen look at the screen to check she response ... nicky response : " everest " . vosen nicky , this be noah vosen . how long have you be on site ? nicky ( v.o. ) I just walk in . vosen we have two officer on site . be you in contact with they ? nicky ( v.o. ) they be down . unconscious , but alive . vosen be there any sign of Daniels ? nicky ( v.o. ) no . landy nicky , this be Pam landy . we have reason to believe there be a connection between Neal Daniels and Jason bourne . nicky ( v.o. ) bourne , be you still look for bourne ? I think the case be close . landy no , some people be convinced he 's still a threat . I disagree but to find out I need to talk to he . vosen seethe because landy have interrupt he ... vosen hold on nicky . vosen hit the mute button . vosen what be you do ? you know bourne 's probably listen . 47 landy do not answer . vosen to will : vosen how long till back up arrive . will hold up three finger . vosen unmute . vosen ( cont 'd ) ( into microphone again ) listen , nicky . I want you to stay put and secure the premise . it could be a hour until another team arrive . landy pierce vosen with a look ... 138 int . safehouse - night 138 bourne continue to hold the gun in she face -- nicky be very calm consider the predicament she be in . nicky okay . dial tone as the line get close at the other end . nicky they know you be here . bourne how long do I have ? nicky Three minute ... 138a ext . night . madrid STREET 138a flash : two sedan squeal around a corner . cri reinforcement . 138aa int . night . cri sedan -- madrid STREET 138 aa delta dude 2 minute to safehouse . 138b int . night . madrid safehouse 138b nicky my car 's outside . I know where Daniels be . bourne lower he gun , grab the phone and dial " 1 - 1 - 2 " 48 spanish operator ( subtitle ) emergency operator . where be you emergency ? bourne answer she in perfect Spanish with a perfect Madrid accent , but work up , like a civilian would be ... bourne ( subtitle ) 334 Calle norte . I hear gunfire . and man shouting . I think they be Americans -- bourne push the phone off the desk -- fire four shot into the ceiling -- calmly move nicky towards the back door ... 127h int . hub 127h vosen you " disagree " he 's a threat ? he just take out two more of my man . not to mention he ultimatum to ellatrache ? landy the only way this have a happy end , noah , be if we find a way to bring bourne in voluntarily . vosen he want revenge , Pam . the only realistic way to deal with this be to eliminate the threat . 139 int . night . backstairs 139 bourne and nicky rapidly descend . bourne okay , where be Daniels head ? nicky 8 o'clock this morning , he wire $ 100,000 . to a numbered bank account in tangier . bourne okay , tangier be about 300 mile away , we can make the morning ferry . nicky and then what ? 49 139a ext . night -- madrid safehouse STREET 139a bourne and nicky exit on to the street . suddenly they hear tire squealing nearby . nicky they be come . they continue to walk down the street towards nicky 's car . 127h int . hub 127h vosen and landy be watch this live . as they cross the street two madrid police car come around the corner the wrong way and screech to a stop . vosen react ... 139a ext . madrid -- night 139 a four cop jump out and take aim at the agent . spanish police manos arriba ! manos arriba ! more siren close in . a third police car appear . then a fourth ... 127h int . hub 127h vosen can not believe it -- 139a ext . madrid -- night 139 a the agent drop they gun and surrender . bourne and nicky continue around a corner -- they get in she vw golf and drive away ... 127h int . hub 127h vosen stare at landy . a beat , then she walk out . vosen issue a stand kill order on Jason bourne , effective immediately . 139ab omitted 139 ab 50 139b-c int . night -- vosen' office -- cri 139b - C vosen on the phone . vosen we lose bourne . kramer you still think he 's after Daniels ? vosen yeah . nicky 's just the mean . but if we find Daniels , we will find bourne . kramer Daniels know way too much . Daniels know everything . we can not let they meet . vosen I will take care of it . kramer good. ( beat ) and fill Hirsch in . just in case . r145 int . night . truck stop -- spain r145 bourne and nicky sit over coffee . a long silence ... then : nicky what be you after , Jason ? why be you look for Daniels ? bourne do you know who this be ? bourne put the photo of Daniels and Hirsch on the table between they . she look at the photo , point . nicky that 's Daniels . ( point at Hirsch ) I do not know who that be . bourne I have to get back to the beginning ... or I will never be free of this . nicky who be he ? 51 bourne I think he start treadstone . I remember meeting he . I remember the first day ... ( beat ) Daniels bring I to he . nicky look back at he .... not sure what to say . nicky what happen ? bourne a initiation ... I guess ... fb3b flashback fb3b quick flash : bourne , head in sack , be hold underwater , struggle desperately for breath -- r145 int . night . truck stop -- spain r145 bourne come out of the flashback . nicky be look at he .... nicky Jason ... that be not some one - off initiation . Daniels say they do that to you over and over again . that 's how they ... she do not finish . and bourne do not ask she to . just a long pause . bourne why be you help I ? nicky it be difficult for I ... with you . bourne look up . another long pause ... nicky ( cont 'd ) you really do not remember anything ? bourne no . nicky be face . two spanish cop enter the cafe . bourne ( cont 'd ) we should move . 52 they get up and leave ... 145a int . vosen' office -- day 145 a vosen go to he safe . vosen ( to voiceprint mic ) noah vosen . then he put he thumb into a print reader . the safe door pop open . he pull out a file mark " top secret . " 145b int . day . landy office -- cri 145b cronin make he way down the hallway . landy work at she desk . cronin enter ... cronin they track Daniels ' passport to a hotel in tangier . they be hold up a bank transfer he make to keep he in place while they move a asset in from casablanca . off landy . this just keep get worse ... 145c int . vosen' office 145c landy enter without knock . landy since when do you have authorization for lethal action against Daniels ? vosen since he clean out a blackbriar safe and fle to Morocco ! landy so grab he -- vosen I do not have the people on the ground to do that and I be not go to risk that file fall into the wrong hand . landy what 's go on ? what 's Daniels get ? 53 vosen what 's he get ? he run all of blackbriar 's operation in Southern Europe and North Africa . landy I think the world 's well aware we have a rendition and lethal action capability at this point , noah . vosen for Christ 's sake , Pam , he 's get we entire playbook . name , date , ghost site , how we train we asset ..... landy you still do not have the authority to kill he . vosen oh , yes I do , Pam . vosen hold up the file we see he pull out of he safe . it be label " blackbriar : lethal action protocol . " vosen that 's what make we special . no red tape . no more get badguy in we sight and then watch they escape while we wait for some bureaucrat to issue the order . landy open up the file . see the word " instantaneous lethal action be authorize when ... " landy you just decide ? no oversight . no check and balance . vosen come on , Pam , you have see the raw intel . you know how real the threat be . we can not afford to have we hand tie like that anymore . 148 ext . day . ferry -- establishing 148 bourne and nicky ride the ferry from Gibraltar to Morocco ... 54 150 ext . day . tangier harbor 150 they arrive and pass through custom ... 150a ext . day . tangier 150 a daniel drive ... 148h omitted 148h 148a ext . day . tangier 148a desh arrive , grab a taxi ... 148b int . day . pensione -- tangier 148b bourne and nicky enter a shabby room . turn on the fluorescent light ... bourne toss he backpack on the bed ... nicky plug she laptop into the usb port ... on the screen , as nicky hack into the system ... blackbriar ... 148c omitted 148c 148ca int . landy office -- day 148ca landy on the phone . landy it 's pamela landy for he . would you tell he it 's urgent ? 148cb int . kramer' office -- day 148cb the phone buzze . Kramer pick it up . assistant ( phone v.o. ) it 's Pam landy . she say it 's urgent . on Kramer ... the wheel turn .... kramer tell she I be unreachable . Kramer hang up . 55 148ca int . landy office -- day 148ca landy receive the news .... the wheel turn in she head .... she hang up . a pensive moment , then she get up and head for -- 148h int . day -- cri hub 148h landy and cronin enter the hub -- vosen be in the middle of give the kill order . vosen give I the subject 's location . technician # 2 subject be currently on foot and now enter Hotel velazquez . 45 Route commerce , tangier . vosen get a elevation and a floor plan , tic-tac -toe . locate the room . give the asset Daniels 's location and the route between Daniel 's hotel and the bank . 149b int . taxi 149b desh look down at he beep cellphone . it have a map on the screen . 149c int . HOTEL 149c nicky at she computer . she log in with her user i.d. bourne look on . tight on monitor : 3-d image of HOTEL with daniel' icon pinpointed 148h int . hub 148h vosen and will . landy still pace vosen do we have that room yet ? tech 2 ( arki ) yes sir room 117 . 56 vosen get the hotel 's trunk line . run all call through here with a iso on 117 tight on computer monitor : desh' icon stop moving . medium close up on tech tech Sir , the asset be acquire the material . 154 int . lock - up garage . day 154 desh open a lock - up and go in . he come out with a scooter and drive off . 149c int . HOTEL 149c nicky type on computer . enter search parameter : neal daniel . access denied . nicky his location 's be block . bourne now they find Daniels , do you know where he be ? nicky they will get one of the operative to terminate he . bourne find out who . 154 int . lock - up garage . day 154 desh work on a bomb . nicky ( o.c. ) desh . 149c int . HOTEL 149c desh bouksani 's profile . bourne tell he you be go to meet he and that you have a new phone for he . 57 nicky if you stop desh they will just get someone else . bourne we be not go to stop he . we be go to follow he . he will take we right to Daniels . 154 int . lock - up garage . day 154 cu desh ( and insert phone ) he receive new routing information from nicky . " meet I tangier Cafe Paris " the bomb be finish on the work table . 154 ext . lock - up garage . day 154 desh take the scooter out . 154 ext . tangier establishing 154 155 ext . STREET . 155 bourne and nicky walk . desh ride he scooter . tight on computer screen : desh' icon turn off course . 148h int . hub 148h tech ( lucy ) Sir , the asset be deviate . vosen find out why . 157 ext . across from cafe do paris . day 157 bourne , recalculate . look around he . a scooter be pull up and the driver walk toward bourne . tight on computer screen : desh' icon be now stationary 58 148h int . hub 148h tech ( lucy ) asset unschedule stop . 159 ext . cafe do paris 159 nicky sit , desh walk up and snatch the phone off of the table . a scooter be pull up and the driver walk toward bourne . he brushes past he , take the key . keeping desh in sight as he return to he vespa and pull out in to traffic . tight on computer screen : desh' icon be moving again tech Sir , the asset be on the move , in route to subject . 148h int . hub - day 148h tech # 1 Sir , the asset be back on course . vosen look up . will Sir , we have a unauthorize breach . someone with active system knowledge have penetrate out protocol . information be pass to the asset at 14.11 . ( beat ) the trace be confirm and valid . it come from a computer belong to nicky parson . vosen look over at landy .... he wheel turn . a series of cut between they . vosen where do the course deviation occur ? tech ( lucy ) South to rue belgique . stationery at place de France . vosen that 's where parson 's be . he pause , decide what course to take . landy watch . 59 vosen when we be finish with Daniels send the asset after she . we find parson , we find bourne . landy ( overlapping ) ( go to vosen , firm ) noah , what be you do ? vosen not now . landy now . I want to know what 's go on . vosen not now . landy I be ask on what basis you be continue this operation . vosen on the basis that nicky parson have compromise a covert operation . she be up to she neck in it . landy this be about Daniels , not nicky ! vosen she have betrayed we ! landy you do not know the circumstance ! vosen she 's in league with Jason bourne for chrissake ! landy you do not have the authority to kill she or bourne ! vosen yes , I do Pam , it 's right here and it 's legal . vosen slam a document on the desk . insert shot : " blackbriar : lethal action protocol . " landy she 's one of we own . you start down this path ... where do it end ?! 60 vosen it end when we have win . landy turn and storm out ... vosen notify the asset of the additional target . bryan yes , sir . bryan code in a kill order on nicky ... 164a ext . day . tangier 164a as he ride he vespa , desh receive additional target information .. picture of bourne and nicky . desh glance in he rearview mirror -- spot bourne . 148h int . day . hub -- medium close up : 148h vosen have the bank release the fund . a tech call daniel . 167 int . day . velasquez HOTEL 167 daniel answer phone . bank officer ( french , subtitled ) Mr. Daniels , Bank of tangier . you fund be now available . Daniels leave . 168 ext . day . tangier STREET 168 desh park the motorbike and walk around the corner , bourne follow . daniel ' car come down the street . bourne stop and see the car -- realize the danger . bourne turn back to see desh with the detonator in he hand . bourne lock eye with desh . before bourne can react -- desh detonate . boom ! daniel be dead . 61 bourne be throw across the street by the blast . he lay motionless . desh Pov . he look back to see bourne not move , lie in the street . desh get on he motorbike and head off to kill nicky . ext . petit socco -- continuous * nicky still at that caf wait . take out she phone - * puzzle . * she answer . look around . * nicky * code in ? * ( no reply ) * code in ? * nothing . just the noise of traffic . * ext . vespa travelling * desh on the move towards petit socco . on the cell - make * that ' silent call ' . * ext . avenue d'espagne -- that moment * bourne be too late - hearing the ' line busy ' tone . know this * tactic . * and that policemen be get closer . * int . new york hub -- encryped area -- continuous * frenzied teching . a screen come alive . * techy * we have a trace . * techy 2 * target head north . rue des * chretien . intercept eta six * minute . * vosen * okay , that 's it . bar she cell . * tie it off . * ext . rue d'espagne -- continuous * desh be disappear from view . * 62 and the policemen be surround bourne . demand to see * he papers . * bourne speak in Spanish - fishing for he papers . * look back up the street . form a plan . check he * watch . * more police arrive now . * and desh have disappear out of sight . * no time for this . * bourne break away . through the crowd into the traffic . * Police whistle - shouting . confusion . * the chase be on . * Three policeman turn into he path . no choice . bourne * take they down . sprint out across the road . * a kid and he mope . caught up in the police dragnet . * bourne leaping on the bike - kick-start it . * away into traffic as two squad car turn and make chase . * bourne weaving through traffic . one hand on the bike the * other on the cell , desperately try to call nicky . * but now , at least he 's get a dial tone . * ext . petit socco -- continuous * nicky grab the cell . answer . * nicky * bourne ? * bourne * nicky ? listen to I . you need * to - * the line go dead . look at the screen - ' service * denied ' * really spook now - look around . time to move . * dismantle the phone instinctively - scatter it 's * component . * she start to make she way out of the square . * ext . street -- continuous * desh through the street - get closer - head towards * the petit socco . * 63 ext . moped travelling * bourne pick up the pace . Three more police car out of a * side road just miss he . * bourne choose he exit . * up ahead - a narrow alleyway - take it . * the squad car crunching to a halt , behind he . * ext . petit socco -- continuous * desh crossing the square weaving through a sea of push * bike . * parking he vespa at the corner of rue des chretien . * travel on foot . * ext . rue do chretien -- continuous * nicky - try to keep calm . check each alley . move * on . * ext . petit socco -- continuous * bourne arrive - see nicky have leave . see desh be * vespa park up . * more police - on foot now . * bourne parking up . see the crowded street . look up * to the rooftop . he need to get higher . * start run up step . * int . / ext . riad / rooftop -- continuous * bourne into a riad . through a courtyard - up more stair - * up a ladder . out onto the rooftop . scan the skyline . * a beat . have he misjudge ? * no , there in the distance at the top of a narrow street - * nicky walk slowly and behind desh . move quickly . * bourne tailing he - try to close the gap . dipping down * through another riad - through a alley . up more stair . * back up onto another roof . he 's gain a few metre on * desh . * 64 desh go up to the rooftop now . bourne have he in sight - * desh be prepping he gun with a silencer . * desh speed up . bourne see nicky down below amongst the * crowd . in desh 's sight . * bourne know he have to gain more ground . * cable cam shot - two train assassin leaping across the * narrow street - silently effortlessly -- the cop down * below search the alleyway , oblivious to the chase * unfold above they . * bourne nearly on term with he - then -- * desh dip down again into the street below . avoid * the police -- he melt into the crowd . * steadycam shot - follow bourne as he head downstairs . * more stair . through a corridor then a courtyard - * burst out of a door into the street - * a police checkpoint . right in he path . bourne force to * dog leg and take another route . * bourne be lose he - for the moment . * ext . rue do chretien -- continuous * nicky - walk fast up the rue des chretien . wonder * why there be so many police around . * suddenly stop - see desh - know instantly that he * be come for she . * now we see nicky be skill . have to think on she fee t- * treadstone mindset -- * check the alleyway . slip out of sight . * nicky look to the rooftop -- take the advantage . up * some step -- into a riad . * desh tracking she . * ext . rue do chretien -- continuous * bourne see desh again - further up the street . head * in that direction . * int . riad -- continuous * nicky through one hallway - then another . move up all * the time . * 65 ext . riad -- continuous * desh arrive at the step . look up to where nicky be * go . take the entrance to the next building . * anticipate she next move . aiming to cut she off . * ext . riad rooftop * nicky up step . out onto the rooftop . look for a path * across they . * scrabble across the roof of this crumble riad . know * she can not go back down . * she make it across to the next building . * where desh be ... * ext . another rooftop -- continuous * bourne up high . see nicky on that other roof . * he can not get across to she . move fast now . * down step . into the riad courtyard . * int . riad * bourne enter the hallway . * move up the stair . towards nicky . * and towards desh . * meanwhile nicky move down . look out into the * courtyard below . the sound of police get nearer . * bourne hearing the police too as he move up onto a * landing . * * bourne into a main room - something stir on a couch - a * girl and she little sister have a siesta . * in another room two small boy fast asleep . tv play . * one wake . * a noise on the stair above . quickly arrange a mirror - * get line of sight - bourne dip into a corner . * it 's nicky . * she give he a look -- desh be in here somewhere . * 66 the door go below they . the noise of Police enter the * riad . * nicky signal to bourne - this way . * they climb narrow stair to the next floor . * down below Police begin search room . waking the * sleep family . shout , cry . commotion . * int./ ext . -- narrow stairwell * bourne and nicky creep up the step . * then - suddenly nicky spin round as two silence * bullet speed past she - and desh burst out of a landing * toilet . * on to bourne . * full on treadstone fight in the narrow stairwell . * crash into a tiny disus lift cage - silent constrain - * vicious . * downstair a young policeman hear the noise - head for * the lift . * nicky see the handle turn . think quickly . she send * the lift up to the next floor . * the policeman step back from the door -- direct the * other cop out to the courtyard . * people be spilling out into the atrium . it 's pandemonium . * ext . rooftop -- continuous * bourne and desh spill out of the elevator and onto the * roof . * bourne kick the gun - spin across the floor - he and * desh face each other . * desh with bourne - straight over the edge . * desh still on top - just . * a brutal exchange . match each other 's move like * shadow . * relentless . Rolling - fall onto another roof level . * and another . * 67 the two man tiring now . desh grab for the bag . the * pill . bourne kick they away . * bourne have the upper hand now . desh be reaction 's slow . * no longer the match he be . * bourne drag he to the ground . he 's finish . bourne 's * win . * desh - shiver -- convulse . * in the struggle , bourne strangle desh . 194 bourne and nicky hide desh 's body . 194 bourne alright , we need to be dead . you need to code that in . nicky code into desh' pda -- both objective achieved ... in the cri hub the message come up ... vosen and landy believe nicky and bourne be both dead ... 196a int . day . hub -- cri -- new york 196a the code from desh remain on screen -- both objective achieved -- like a epitaph for bourne and nicky ... vosen pack he briefcase . turn to will . vosen I want to be sure . have the station chief in rabat confirm the death and do a sub-rosa check ... and keep and eye on landy . off will ... 197a int . day . landy office -- day 197a cronin enter . cronin the hub just get word bourne and nicky be dead . landy look at he . landy confirm ? cronin not yet . landy look away ... think . wheel turn . 68 landy get I a copy of bourne 's personnel file . 195a ext . dusk . pensione 195a bourne and nicky enter . 198a int . dusk pensione -- washroom -- tangier 198a bourne scrub the blood from he hand . reveal nicky watch he from the bedroom . 197 int . dusk . landy office ( lonely landy ) 197 landy sit at she desk review file on treadstone . open on she desk we see the file she will be look at in the supremacy phone call . the way she examine the papers we get the sense she think something be miss , some piece , some file . 198a int . dusk . pensione -- washroom 198a bourne scrubbing the blood from he hand . nicky come in , touch he shoulder . there 's a tenderness to it , a be - assurance . for a moment it look like bourne might react ... but the moment pass .... 197 int . dusk . landy office ( lonely landy ) 197 landy open a new file . bourne 's operation . 198a int . dusk . pensione -- washroom 198a bourne be toweling off . bourne I can see all they face . but I can not remember any name .... 197 int . dusk . landy office ( lonely landy ) 197 landy look at bourne 's kill . the face bourne remember . but there name be here , and who they be , why they be kill . 198ac int . night . pensione -- bedroom / sitting room 198ac bourne and nicky sit together . 69 bourne I be start to remember who they be ... in India ... with Marie . a beat . nicky it 's just go to lead to more kill , Jason . be you sure you want that ? bourne take she word in . but who he be be eat he alive from the inside ... bourne I have kill people and I have try to apologize for what I have do , for what I be . none of it make it better ... another moment pass between they ... then : bourne they be go to come for you again . you be go to have to run now . she get up . 198 int . bathroom 198 nicky die she hair black . start cut it short . 199 ext . night . tangier bus station 199 bourne walk with a now dark - haire nicky . they exchange look for a long beat . she turn towards the bus . bourne it get easier . 197 int . landy office . night 197 landy find a denotation in bourne 's file that he be " recruit to treadstone by Neal Daniels . " further down the page it say " bourne be induct into treadstone at the special Research Department facility at 415 E 71st , New York , NY . " then " facility close by order of director , June 2002 . " 198c int . tangier morgue 198c bourne look at the tatter remain of Daniels ' body and belonging . 70 he go through he briefcase and find a nearly destroy piece of paper with " noah vosen - director of Operations - cri " write on it . bourne slip the morgue attendant a bribe . 198da int . vosen' office -- day 198da vosen be shave . will Station chief in rabat just call , they find a body . bourne ? vosen desh . 198db int . airplane -- day 198db on final approach to JFK . bourne look out the window to see the verizano narrow bridge . and beyond it , Manhattan . bourne be come home . a202 ext . new york a202 establish skyline . 200 int . landy office . day 200 cronin Pam , you need to see this . landy follow cronin into -- 201 int . cronin' office -- day 201 bourne's passport be display on the computer monitor . cronin ( cont 'd ) this passport just clear Immigration at JFK ten minute ago . it 's a early treadstone identity register to Jason bourne but he never use it and it never go to the grid . bourne 's alive . landy they do not know . cronin no , if they know vosen would not be in he office right now . 71 202 int . airport terminal 202 bourne move through the airport . landy ( o.s. ) it 's a hell of a risk . cronin ( o.s. ) yeah . maybe bourne want we to know , just like naple , maybe he 's communicate . 201 int . cronin' office 201 cronin maybe he 's try to communicate with you . landy maybe we should communicate back . because I think I know what bourne 's look for . 202 series of shot 202 bourne over the 59th Street Bridge -- arrive at cri -- go into the adjacent building -- 202a int . office build across from cri -- day 202a bourne use he monocular to zoom in on a file vosen be look at -- he see the word " blackbriar . " vosen put the file back in the safe . 203 int . day . landy office -- cri -- new york 203 landy be cell phone ring . she answer it . landy pamela landy . 204 int . undefined space 204 bourne I hear you be still look for I . 203 int . landy office 203 landy put down she pencil . cronin watch . 72 landy bourne ? 206 int . vosen' office 206 his phone ring . he pick it up . will ( tel . v.o. ) get in here ! bourne call landy ! vosen jump up , sprint toward the hub -- 203 int . landy office -- day 203 landy I guess I owe you a apology . 207 int . hub -- back room 207 vosen rush in -- bourne ( v.o. ) be that official ? vosen ( overlapping ) be we triangulate ?! landy ( v.o. ) no . off the record . you know how it be . back room tech ( overlapping ) try -- bourne ( v.o. ) good-bye . 203 int . landy office 203 landy wait . wait . she open a file on she desk . 204 int . undefined space 204 bourne listen -- landy David webb . that 's you real name . 73 207 int . hub -- back room 207 vosen why the hell do she give he that ? landy ( v.o. ) you be bear 4/15/71 in nixa , Missouri . 203 int . landy office 203 landy why do not you come in , and we will talk about it ? ( beat ) bourne ? 204 int . undefined space 204 bourne get some rest , Pam . 207 int . hub -- back room 207 bourne ( v.o. ) you look tired . vosen realize -- vosen ( rush out ) he 's get line of sight on we ! 203 int . landy office 203 she spin to look for bourne -- 210 omitted 210 207 int . hub 207 vosen move across the floor . vosen ... this be a national security emergency . we have a imminent threat . 74 212 int . landy office -- day 212 landy take out she gun . check it . 207 int . hub 207 vosen Jason bourne be alive and at large in New York City . we believe in one thousand yard of this building . I want a immediate twelve block lockdown of the area . send a flash message to langley , prep for local backup assistance . 217 ext . cri -- day 217 high angle : landy leave cri . 207 int . hub -- day 207 will walk over to vosen . the look in he eye indicate that he think there 's something odd about this : will landy just leave the building . vosen look at will .... a beat , vosen 's suspicion building , though he can not quite put he finger on what he suspect ... vosen check landy 's phone . be she use it ? 217b ext . NYC street -- day 217b landy receive a text message . 207 int . hub -- day 207 vosen lean in to the hub 's back monitoring room . vosen nothing ? no call since bourne -- ? back room tech wait a minute . wait . she just get a text . 75 219 ext . NYC street -- day 219 landy head for someplace -- now with purpose . 217a int . day . cri hub 217a vosen confer with will . vosen what the hell do you mean we can not read it ? tech work on it -- vosen ( frustrated ) how do you know a text come if you can not read it -- ( to will ) be we on landy ? tech six man . more on the way . vosen I want that goddamn text . we need to get out in front of she ! tech second ... vosen pace anxiously . tech ( cont 'd ) get it ! tech point at big screen : " tudor City pl &amp ; 42nd . ten minute . come alone . come on foot . " vosen surround it . anyone not on landy go to tudor City . now ! ( to will ) get the truck . we be go mobile . 218a omitted 218a 219 ext . manhattan -- day 219 landy walk east toward tudor City . she look around she for any sign of surveillance but find nothing out of the ordinary . 76 221 ext . cri build -- day 221 vosen and agent come run out of the front door . other leave through a side entrance . they jump in sedan . 221a omitted 221a 223 ext . STREET . 223 landy still be trail by foot . 222a int . vosen' suv 222a vosen and agent race to tudor city . a electronic map on the dash . agent 3 copy , we be go to take a leave at 41st . one block , settle at the corner . vosen get the map up . agent 4 it 's a bad place to pick , it 's too expose . vosen he would not have choose it if he do not have a reason . 223 ext . manhattan 223 landy walk east through the crowded street . 224 ext . manhattan 224 bourne walk down the street , enter a building . 225 omitted 225 225a ext . tudor CITY rooftop 225a spotter on a rooftop . 77 226 ext . manhattan -- day 226 landy be on the east side now , walk toward tudor City . a agent trail she on foot . another parallel she from across the street . 227 ext . tutor CITY outskirt 227 series of shot : cri car arrive , careful to stay several block from the meet site . they jump out and try to set up surreptitious surveillance post . agent 3 ( v.o. ) okay folk here we go , box at two hundred meter . let 's lock it down . 226a int . stairway 226a bourne climb stair . 226 ext . tudor CITY 226 landy walk , agent be everywhere look for she . vosen be still in car . 226b int . vosen' suv 226b vosen as soon as you have eye on landy , I want to know . 226 ext . tutor CITY 226 she become clear to agent 3. agent 3 okay , here we go . 226a int . stairway 226a bourne climb stair . walk down a dank hallway . 229 int . vosen' suv 229 vosen copy that , I see she . landy stand on a corner wait for bourne . 78 vosen ( cont 'd ) any sign of bourne ? 229a int . ambiguous space 229a tight shot on bourne 's face . fast tilt to tight on he hand , pull up what seem like a piece of clear tape . we can not tell where we be or what he 's do . 230 ext . tudor CITY 230 landy look around . 229a int . ambiguous space 229a tight on bourne 's hand place the clear tape on a piece of clear plastic . again we can not tell what 's go on . 231 ext . tutor CITY 231 Agents watch landy . 232 int . vosen be suv -- day 232 vosen 's cell phone ring . vosen noah vosen . bourne ( v.o. ) this be Jason bourne . vosen reel for a beat . then quickly scan the street , try to see if he can spot bourne . vosen how do you get this number ? bourne ( v.o. ) you do not actually think I be come to tudor City , do you ? vosen no , I guess not . but if it 's I you want to talk to maybe we can arrange a meet . bourne ( v.o. ) where be you right now ? vosen in my office . 79 bourne ( v.o. ) I doubt that . if you be in you office -- 233 int . vosen' office -- day 233 reveal that bourne be inside vosen be office . bourne we would be have this conversation face - to-face . bourne hang up . put a portable dictaphone up to vosen' safe and he play : vosen ( tape v.o. ) noah vosen . as he place the plastic slide we see in the ecus into the fingerprint reader . the safe pop open -- 234 int . day . vosen suv 234 vosen stunne .... be it possible ? be it a trick ? 233 int . day . vosen' office 233 from the safe , bourne scoops out the " treadstone : blackbriar " folder bourne see vosen put into he safe . " he flip it open . he scan down the page . his eye stop at the word " US citizen . " he flip to another page -- another photo , and again " US citizen . " bourne shove the folder in he backpack and leave . 234 int . vosen be suv -- day 234 vosen this be a code ten abort , I want everybody back in the vehicle this be a code ten abort ! back to the vehicle immediately , back to cri immediately . 237 omitted 237 237b int . service stair 237b bourne rush down with he back pack . 80 237c int . vosen' office 237c will grab the phone and hit a speed - dial : will bourne get into you safe ! 239 ext . manhattan 239 bourne onto the street with back pack . 234 omitted 234 238 ext . manhattan -- day 238 series of shot -- vosen' suv race , light and siren , across town . 2 ) other cri car race back across town . 239 ext . manhattan -- day 239 bourne walk out of a building , backpack over he shoulder . camera begins to crane up ... bourne walk around a corner near cri . he hear a siren turn on a few block away . then another . he start to run . 240 int . cronin' car -- day 240 a sedan pull to a stop as a door come open . cronin be inside . reveal landy on the sidewalk . she jump in . landy what just happen ? cronin bourne get into vosen 's safe . landy what ?! cronin pull out . cronin where to ? landy 415 East 71st Street . cronin put it together . cronin 4.15.71 ... Jesus , Pam . 81 240a ext . midtown west -- day 240 a bourne walk away from cri . Agents leave a building . get into unmark sedan and peel out . 240 aa int . vosen be suv -- day 240 aa as vosen race across town . vosen ... I want the entire building searched . every room . every hallway . every closet . every goddamm airduct . do you understand ? I want he find ! 240b int . cri car -- day 240 B the passenger side agent see bourne , point -- bourne cut to the south side of the road so the passenger - side agent do not have a shot , while control the car make it almost impossible for the driver to fire accurately . 240c ext . 41 STREET -- day 240c the westbound car cut sharply and drive up on the sidewalk . but bourne be too fast . he 's already past they . the passenger side agent jump out . but he 's still get to get around the door and then move a few step to get a bead over the hood of he car on bourne . the other cri car race the wrong way on the street but get immobilize and trap by the onrush tunnel traffic . 242a int . vosen be suv -- day 242a vosen and will race West on 41st . 242b series of shot 242b cri car close in -- on 42nd , on 39th , on 10th Ave . 242c ext . midtown west -- day 242c bourne race through the tunnel traffic and onto 40th street . he rush east toward the spaghetti of concrete ramp lead into and out of Port Authority . 82 he run across 10th Avenue as a third cri car scream up the street at he . 243 int . vosen be suv -- day 243 several radio blare . cri agent ( radio v.o. ) he 's head for Port Authority ! subject up the ramp , eastbound into Port Authority . vosen ( to tac team leader ) lethal force be authorize . tactical team leader I tell - vosen tell they again ! 258 ext . port authority -- day 258 bourne run up a one lane outgo ramp . 258a int . cri car -- day 258a the driver pilot he car up the ramp behind bourne . he jam the accelerator down . he will be on top of bourne -- run he over -- in second -- 260 ext . port authority -- day 260 a New Jersey -bound bus exit the complex and head around the corner of the ramp -- it skid to a stop when it see bourne and the cri car give chase head right at the bus . 260a int . cri car -- day 260 a the driver have to skid to a stop to avoid hit the bus . bourne slide between the side of the bus and concrete guard rail . the driver call it in -- 261 series of shot 261 cop and cri car close in on Port Authority . one agent jump out of he car on 8th Avenue and rush for the stair . 83 tactical team leader ( v.o. ) block every exit . I want a full perimeter on Port Authority -- 262 ext . rooftop parking lot -- port authority 262 bourne race up a set of stair the rooftop parking lot . he survey every aspect of he environment on the fly ( which include he take a quick peak over the concrete railing at the east end of the roof . next bourne rush toward the park car . smash the window of one to set off its alarm . then a second and a third , set off they alarm . the fourth window bourne smashes in do not set off a alarm . bourne pull the door open and climb in . Inside the car bourne reach under the dash and yank handful of wire off the steering column and start to expertly hotwire the car . 263 int . vosen be suv -- day 263 tactical team leader ( into radio ) box he in ! box he in ! 264 series of shot 264 Agents race up stairwell . two cri car careen up the ramp to the passenger parking ( a separate ramp to the bus ramp we see bourne on earlier . ) a third cri car race through the parking level just below the roof and up the circular ramp to the roof . int . vosen be suv -- day tactical team leader ( to vosen ) he 's on the roof . he 's trap . ext . rooftop parking lot -- port authority bourne work to hotwire the car . a cri car get to the roof . two agent come from the elevator lobby . the three car alarm distract they . they search for bourne , but can not find he at first ... bourne get the car engine on - but , give the wonder of modern anti-theft technology he steering wheel be still lock . 84 a second cri car arrive . bourne slam the car into low gear and back up at high speed . he smashes into the car across the aisle from he . with a sharp metallic snap the wheel in bourne 's car be suddenly free , he jam the car into drive pull out into lane and stop . Three cri car here now . two head straight for he . a third block the exit ramp . bourne check the rearview and see two more agent pour from the elevator lobby , one carry the serious firepower of a m - 4 ( a m - 16 variant whose bullet can penetrate metal and concrete ) . they move into position to get a bead on he . bourne assess . but he do not move . the agent swarm toward he . what the hell be he do ? why be he wait ? 267 int . vosen be suv -- day 267 tactical team leader we have get he ! he 's get nowhere to run ! vosen take he out ! 268 ext . rooftop parking lot -- port authority 268 the agent clear they obstruction and drop they barrel toward bourne -- but before they can get a bead -- bourne slam the car into reverse again . petal to the metal in reverse -- the agent open fire . bourne duck the lead slug rip through the windshield . but there 's no dodging the shower of break glass . as bourne disappear below the dashboard , the cri agent adjust he fire into the car 's grill . virtually blind , bourne race the hard - press vehicle backwards as the agent 's fire decimate the car 's driveline . bourne slip the car into neutral and take a quick peek behind he . 85 steer still speed but quickly die car towards a small gap between two park car at the edge of the parking structure . bourne 's car split the gap between the park car , hit the base of a low angle wall that slam the back of he car up and over the wall . bourne be pound as he car jounce onto the wall , a second later the front end seesaws over the top , the sudden angle change expose for a instant the bottom of bourne 's car , to the shooter . several round rip through the floorboard and tear past bourne 's head just before he car drop upside down for 25 foot and slam onto a row of park car . the impact rip bourne from the seat and slam he hard against the roof . bourne struggle out of the car , know he have only a moment before the armed agent will fire down into he over - turn car . cri agent Ho -ly shit ! 269 int . vosen be suv -- day 269 vosen ( practically scream into he handheld ) he do what ?! 270 ext . rooftop parking lot -- port authority 270 the cri agent race to the spot where bourne 's car disappear over the railing and reflexively fire into bourne 's car but they be too late ! bourne 's already out . he disappear from sight under the cover parking structure . lead cri agent get down there ! get down ! 271 int . vosen be suv -- day 271 as it speed toward the spaghetti of ramp lead in and out of Port Authority -- two block away . tactical team leader who have eyeball on he ?! who have eyeball ?! 86 271a ext . rooftop parking lot -- port authority 271a one of the agent scramble over the edge and start to climb down . other agent race for the stair . tactical team leader ( v.o. ) do not tell I -- 274 int . vosen be suv -- day 274 tactical team leader -- you have lose he ! who 's on street level ?! Street level backup ?! clearly there be no one down there . bourne 's car jump from the roof have completely flat - foote they . vosen ( to will ) get nypd backup ! and FBI , dea , any other federal asset we can draft ! a274a omitted a274a 274a int / ext . circular ramp 274a two cri car race down from the roof to try to get to the level bourne 's on . 275 int . / ext . parking garage -- two level below rooftop 275 bourne cut off a guy cruise for a parking space and pull he from he car and race away as the agent from the roof land hard behind he . bourne 's race to the exit be cut off as a 3rd cri sedan slide into view and it 's occupant open fire on bourne in a head on charge . the just steal vehicle take heavy fire as bourne react instantaneously ; thumbing on the cruise control , shoulder he door open , and slamm the gas pedal to the floor as he dive out of the car . the agent react as bourne 's sedan torpedoe they head on . hit hard they be take out of the fight as metal collapse , glass shatter , and airbag explode . bourne tumble to a stop at the rear of a park car as he car implode against the oncoming agent . 87 instantly bourne be on he foot , move between the park car to engage another cri sedan travel parallel to the course of the wreck one . the agent in this sedan be distract by the still echoing crash and be catch off - guard as bourne step out and point he gun at the driver . the driver duck and floor he gas pedal in a desperate effort to save he own life . as the sedan suddenly accelerate , bourne deliberately shift he aim to the sedan 's front tire and fire . the tire explode and the car suddenly veer leave and slam into a park car , pitching the driver violently against the unyield interior of the sedan . a instant later bourne rip the radio off the daze driver belt just before he cold cock he with it . with the wreck still echoing through the garage bourne have to deal with the arrival of the first nypd sedan . bourne take on the persona of a alarmed witness as the on edge cop climb out of he car but bourne 's performance be cut short as the agent run from he drop from the roof , arrive and open fire . the police officer go down in the hail of gunfire as bourne turn and expertly drop the gunman with a single shot . the increase volume of squealing tire alert bourne to a new threat , he pull the officer into some cover and grab the officer 's radio . bourne 10 - 13 . Shots fire . Officer down . Port Authority parking lot . level four . bourne rip a piece of he sweater off and tie a makeshift tourniquet for the officer . then he hand the cop he radio back . bourne ( cont 'd ) stay out of sight until one of you own arrive . bourne disappear . we pick he up as he jump into the cop car and gun the engine and head for the exit . cri agent be confuse for a second -- until they pick up the nypd car exite Port Authority on one of the ramp . but that 's all the time bourne need -- 88 276 omitted 276 277 ext . crosstown STREET -- day 277 bourne turn on he light and siren and speed east , follow closely by a cri sedan . as car yield to bourne 's siren a taxi try to jump into bourne 's wake but a cri sedan punch the taxi back to the right . it ricochet off several park car before regain control . 277a omitted 277a 280 omitted 280 281 ext . crosstown STREET -- day 281 bourne struggle to keep he over - match vehicle ahead of the more powerful cri sedan which try to spin bourne out by hit he bumper . bourne tack right quickly and barely avoid a stop car . the cri sedan flanking bourne 's slam into the rear of that car , spin it 180 degree into the path of the trail cri sedan which destroy itself in the result collision and block the path of the other cri sedan . 282 int . bourne's car -- day 282 bourne be home free . he look around and spot a sign that indicate a right turn and say " to Holland tunnel / US 95 . " bourne turn right -- suddenly the window next to he head explode as two more shot rip through he door to tear a jag wound into the top of bourne 's leg . reveal paz , he suv racing along the curb lane . as bourne 's car cross in front of a small car stop at the intersection paz swerve he car into that car and punch it into the side of bourne 's car . bourne 's car be knock spin , paz keep charge forward and slam into the back of bourne 's car . with he front tire spin wildly bourne fight to straighten he car as another cri sedan appear and try to box bourne 's car by slide into he path . 283 omitted 283 89 284 ext . manhattan STREET -- day 284 bourne just manage to punch he car into the right rear of the cri sedan and race down the Avenue with paz and the slightly damage sedan in pursuit . paz gain on he and bourne be force to swerve violently to deny paz the kill shot he be all too capable of . just ahead of bourne , two government suv slide into the intersection completely block he path . bourne instantly spin he car 180 degree and continue on , barrel into the roadblock backwards . as bourne 's car plow through the suv 's he whip the wheel and he car spin through a reverse 180 as paz and the other sedan race through the wreckage in bourne 's wake . paz and the cri sedan be all over bourne as he slide a right hand turn onto South St. as paz and the cri sedan overwhelm bourne 's batter vehicle . 284a omitted 284a 287 int . bourne's car -- day 287 on he police radio , bourne singles out a nypd officer ( call sign Alpha - 2503 ) racing toward the intersection just ahead . bourne slow , then speed up quickly to time it right : the cri car almost hit he bumper , then have to accelerate through the upcoming intersection . as he do , the cop car bourne be listen to on the radio slam broadside into the cri sedan draft the bumper of the mangle cop car . swerve wildly paz avoid the pileup and slam he heavy suv into the back of bourne 's car , push he into the oncoming traffic . several car swerve leave and right as paz push bourne sideways onto the ramped end of a k - Rail divide the street ahead . the nearly upend car grind down the k - Rail until the rear of bourne 's car strike a obstruction which punch it back into the lane as it slam against the front of paz 's suv , knock the suv sideways , into a row of park car . bourne 's car hit park car on the other side of the road . smoke and steam -- siren -- chaos 90 bourne kick the window out of the police car . gun up ... ready -- nearby 287a paz in the car . still . bloody from the crash , really 287a fuck up . he come to ... and bourne be there . gun point at he head ... the two assassin look at each other ... then bourne lower he gun ... and disappear ... on paz -- as the wheel start to turn ... 287b int . hub 287b will the asset lose bourne . we lose he . vosen react -- 289 ext . upper east side -- late afternoon 289 bourne exit from the subway . bourne walk north . a288a int . hub a288a will pace ... bourne 's profile be up on screen 2 . it say " David webb ( aka Jason bourne ) " on the profile . a tech come to will . tech Sir , this may be nothing but , look at bourne 's birthday . will look at the profile . bourne 's birthdate be list as 9/13/70 . will what about it ? tech well , landy tell bourne he birthday be 4/15/71 so ... will get it instantly . will everything stop . ( to the room now ) everything stop ! listen up ! ( they be listen ) New assignment . number . four. ( more ) 91 will ( cont would ) Fifteen . seventy -one . what do they mean ? will grab he headset -- 288a ext . crash site -- day 288a a cri agent approach vosen . cri agent landy give bourne a false birthday . will think it 's a code . it sink in for vosen ...oh ... shit ... 289 ext . seventh avenue -- day 289 bourne emerge into the crow street , head uptown . 289a int . hub 289a will watch the tech work . tech # 3 -- if you plug they in as variant of latitude and longitude you get cameroon -- Peru -- colombia -- tech # 2 -- San Francisco 's get a four-one - five area code -- tech # 1 -- 41571 be the zip code for varney , kentucky -- tech # 4 -- there 's no 415 West 71st Street , but there be a 415 East 71st -- tech # 1 -- if it 's a substitution code , we be way short on variable , which I -- ( no chance to finish as -- ) will -- hang on -- wait -- seventy first Street ? like what ? like York and first ? 92 tech # 4 that 's correct . will like he 's be hit . like hard . as we cut to -- 289b int . vosen be suv -- day 289b they race uptown . will she give he the facility . she give he -- vosen ( into cell phone ) I know . ( to driver ) go! go! drive ! ( into cell phone ) we be already on we way . turn the team around . bring they in behind I . 291 omitted 291 292 omitted 292 303 int . vosen be suv -- late afternoon 303 vosen steely eye as they race uptown . he dial a number -- 304 ext . upper east side -- late afternoon 304 bourne reach 71st street and 2nd Ave . he look up at the sign ... 306 int . hirscha' office ( new build of hospital ) -- late 306 afternoon Hirsch 's office be locate in the SRD 's " front office " , which be locate covertly on a floor of the new building of the hospital . he be the longtime head of SRD and a powerful behind - the-scene official at CIA . the camera find dr . hirsch , 70 , be , put simply , not a man to be trifle with . he 's a 45 year CIA veteran . one of the great brain in the Agency 's history , but also a man who know how to wield power silently , invisibly , and to tremendous effect . his phone buzze . 93 dr . hirsch ( into phone ) hello . 306a int . vosen be suv -- late afternoon 306 a vosen at the other end of the line -- vosen ( into phone ) bourne know everything . I think he 's head for you right now . Dead pause . 306 int . hirscha' office ( new build of hospital ) -- day 306 hirsch ( into phone ) he 's come home , noah . there 's a wistfulness in the way he say it . but also the sense that this be absolutely inevitable . and he 's calm about it , do not show any fear , do not reach for a gun . hirsch ( into phone ) how long do I have ? vosen not long . get out of there . hirsch no . I be go to stay . vosen be you crazy , he will -- hirsch he will come to the training wing . that 's what he know . I will keep he in play until you arrive . 309r ext . new york -- hospital -- late afternoon 309r bourne arrive at the " johnston Medical Center . " he look up to see " 415 " . fb5 flashback fb5 the image of " 415 " that have be haunt he dream . 309 ext . new york -- hospital -- late afternoon 309 this be the place ... when he look down landy step out of the lobby to meet he on the sidewalk . 94 bourne they will kill you for give I this place . landy 4/15/71 be not much of a code . my guess be vosen 's already on he way . bourne why would you do it ? landy this be not we , David . what they turn you into , what they be do with blackbriar ... this have to stop . bourne then stop it . everything you need be in there . bourne hand she the black bag and enter the hospital . landy David ... come in with I . it 's better if we do this together . bourne ( shake head ) this be where it start for I , this be where it end . she watch the door close behind he .... landy let he go . 323 ext . NYC street -- late afternoon 323 quick shot of six different cri sedan and suv rush toward the hospital . 309r ext . hospital -- late afternoon 309r landy look in the backpack . jumpcut : -- she unzip the backpack and look in at the the blackbriar Operations file . -- a cover page inside : " utmost secrecy " ... " potentially explosive public reaction would jeopardize the program " ... -- another page : " terminate " stamp across the photo of victim . next to the victim from the incite incident , the word : " US citizen " ... 95 landy oh , my God ... -- a third page , more photo , no " terminate " on this . future victim . " US citizen " stamp next to each one ... 310 int . hospital -- late afernoon 310 bourne use the card reader he take from vosen 's safe to enter a " restrict access elevator . " a guard come . bourne aim he pistol at he as the elevator door close . 309r ext . first avenue -- outside hospital -- late afternoon 309r landy walk down the street . she look up to spot two black sedan speed east on 71st , turn south -- two suv come up York . shit -- 323 int . vosen be suv -- late afternoon 323 a block south of the hospital , stick in traffic , vosen point . vosen landy ! right there ! she 's get bourne 's backpack ! 310r int . 8 th floor elevator lobby -- late afternoon 310r bourne flip up the elevator stop button and use the access card to enter a secure corridor -- 323 int . lobby -- late afternoon 323 landy run across the lobby . 323 ext . first avenue -- late afternoon 323 vosen 's suv careen to a stop behind a bunch of traffic . still a half block from the entry door but it 's close enough -- 322 int . corrridor 322 bourne rush down a nondescript corridor -- 325 int . hospital lobby -- late afternoon 325 vosen and cri agent rush into the lobby . 96 vosen ( to a group of six agent ) I will find landy . you get to the training wing and get bourne ! a security guard come over . vosen do you know who I be ? ( the guard nod ) where 's you security room ? 324 int . hospital corridor 324 landy look around . find a open office . she push open the door and run to the fax machine . she start fax the blackbriar document bourne take from vosen 's safe . 324a int . security room -- late afternoon 324a vosen enter . vosen I want to see all you footage for the last three minute . 322 int . SRD training wing ( old build of hospital ) -- late 322 afternoon bourne stare down the corridor from he dream , the corridor Daniels lead he down in he flashback . we see bourne go into -- fba3 flashback fba3 that first day , bourne 's Pov be lead down this corridor by Daniels . 322 back to scene 322 bourne move down the corridor . 322 int . SRD training wing ( old build of hospital ) -- late 322 afternoon bourne reach the end of the hall . he look around " flashback style " -- 97 fbb3 flashback fbb3 bourne be stand at this door .... 331 int . office -- late afternoon 331 vosen enter the room . the last page have be fax ... landy you better get a good lawyer . she exit ... 322 back to scene 322 then spin , gun up -- Hirsch be there , halfway down the corridor behind he . hirsch put the gun down . I would not be here if I do not want to talk . bourne I have spend three year run . Three year try to find out who I be . Hirsch move toward bourne , completely unfaze by the gun . hirsch you still do not have it all back , do you ? you have not fill in all the piece ? bourne let 's start with the moment you find out I would not execute wombosi . the amnesia be not the issue , it be the fact that I do not pull the trigger .... hirsch one lapse mean you conditioning have fail . bourne grab Hirsch and slam he against the wall bourne it be always you , behind conklin , behind abbott .... they be just follow order . bourne grab Hirsch and push he to the wall . search he for weapon . 98 hirsch ( completely calm ) I be unarm , Jason . bourne ( shove Hirsch hard against the wall ) " David . " I be David webb . close on bourne 's face -- hirsch you be David webb , but not anymore . 322 int . SRD training wing corridor -- late afernoon 322 bourne stand with Hirsch . bourne why I ? why do you pick I ? a beat ... hirsch you really do not remember , do you ? ( beat ) you pick we , Jason . bourne what do that mean ? hirsch you volunteer . Hirsch use he free hand to hit the keypad on the wall . the " room in use " sign light up . bourne look up " flashback style " -- fba1 flashback fba1 bourne remember that keypad , that " room in use " sign from the first day ... 322 int . room where bourne first met hirsch 322 bourne and Hirsch enter ... hirsch you volunteer right here .... you do not even blink , Jason . you just hand I this ... 99 Hirsch remove a pair of dog tag from he jacket pocket . hold they out to bourne . bourne take the dog tag . stare at they . insert of the dog tag : webb , David 946610190 o negative Catholic fb9 flashback fb9 bourne hand over he dog tag .... hirsch ( cont 'd ) have everything be explain to you . bourne yes , sir . 322 present day 322 hirsch you be a soldier ready to serve he country . just like thousand of other , except you be a prodigy with language ... and a perfect shot . fbb3 flashback fbb3 hirsch ( cont 'd ) you mission will save american life . 322 present day 322 bourne you say I would be save american life . instead you just turn I into a killer . bourne raise the gun to Hirsch . hirsch you could have leave at any time . and you know exactly what it mean for you if you choose to stay . 100 fb9 flashback fb9 hirsch when we be finish with you , you will no longer be David webb . bourne I will be whoever you need I to be , sir . 322 present day 322 hirsch stop run from the truth , Jason . you choose to come here ! you choose to stay ! and no matter how much you want to forget it ... eventually you be go to have to face how you choose , right there , to become Jason bourne ! fb10 flashback : fb10 bourne sit in a chair , look terrible . Hirsch look at he from behind the desk ... hirsch ( cont 'd ) you have not sleep for a long time have you David ? have you make a decision ? this can not go on , you know . you have to decide . bourne who be he ? hirsch we have be through that . bourne what do he do ? hirsch it do not matter . ( beat ) you come to we . you volunteer . you say you would do anything it take to save american life . you be not a liar be you ? or too weak to see this through ? this be it . let go of David webb . will you give yourself to this program ? 101 bourne look down , a gun in he hand . he get to he foot swiftly and fire the pistol several time into a hood figure . the man slump over . bourne stare at what he 's do . hirsch ( cont 'd ) you be no longer David webb . from now on you will be know as Jason bourne . welcome to the program . Daniels pull the hood off the figure to show that he be dead . just then Kramer walk through the door . kramer he 's ready . send he to Operations . 322 present 322 and now , in real time , bourne come out of the flashback . he stare back at Hirsch .... hirsch do you remember now ? bourne lower the gun . bourne I remember . I remember everything . hirsch you can not outrun what you do , Jason . you make yourself into who you be . bourne I be do run . that 's why I be here . to end you , to shut this down . I be no longer Jason bourne . hirsch so now you be go to kill I ? bourne no . you do not deserve the star they give you on the wall at langley . just then bourne spin -- agent arrive at the door . it 's lock . 102 322 int . hallway 322 the agent fire at the door handle to get it open . 322 int . room where bourne first met hirsch 322 bourne look out a window . see the layout of a roof several storey below . then he turn and shoot out the room 's mirrore observation window . bourne dive through it just as agent rush in and open fire at he . series of shot bourne race through corridor , loose the cri agent . 352 ext . roof -- night 352 bourne run out onto the roof . rushes across it to look over the edge . it 's a straight drop to the FDR -- 12 storey down . he race to another ledge -- the East River below he . but he have to clear a 10 foot support wall at the base of the building to hit the water . he back up to get a run leap . as he do , he turn and see paz , who be hold a gun on he . paz why do not you take the shot ? bourne look at he . bourne do you even know why you be try to kill I ? look at what they make you give . bourne turn and run off the roof . paz fire into the air ... follow bourne as he drop fourteen storey into the freezing river -- multiple angle -- bourne go into the river ... 352 underwater 352 bourne in a dead man 's float ... as he clothes soak through he begin to sink .... 103 pull back ... farther and farther from bourne 's dead still sink .... as overlapping , interweaving voice over begin : anchor 1 ( v.o. ) FBI agent arrest several senior CIA official today in connection with the broaden scandal envelop Washington today -- anchor 2 ( v.o. ) assassination program code - name " blackbriar " be expose by a former assassin name David webb -- - anchor 3 ( v.o. ) Program reportedly target US citizen in some case ... anchor 4 ( v.o. ) CIA director ezra Kramer produce explosive document for the Senate Committee indicate " blackbriar " be authorize at the high level of government . 356 int . bar -- uruguay -- sunset 356 nicky go to the bar of at a low end tourist bar with several other customer . she stand there , eye fix on a tv behind the bar : anchor 5 ( v.o. , cont 'd ) webb , who be know inside the intelligence community , as " Jason bourne " jump from the fourteenth floor of the CIA facility where he be train in New York into the East River below . while expert say it would be nearly impossible to survive the fall , despite two week of effort , he body have still not be recover . push in on the smile that develop on nicky 's face . as we cue the moby " extreme Ways " sting --- 352 underwater 352 bourne 's body sink toward the bottom ... when all of a sudden it come to life -- arm together , leg kick powerfully -- and bourne swim away ... 104 the end