the lost world jurassic park screenplay by David koepp base on the novel by Michael crichton ext . tropical lagoon - day a 135 - foot-luxury yacht be anchore just offshore in a tropical lagoon . the beach be a stun crescent of white sand at the jungle fringe , utterly desert . isla sorna 87 mile southeast of nublar two ship hand , dress in white uniform , have set up a picnic table with three chair on the sand and be carefully lay out luncheon service -- fine china , silver , crystal decanter with red and white wine . paul bowman , fortyish , sit in a chair off to the side , read . mrs . bowman , painfully thin , with the perpetually surprised look of a woman who 's have she eye do more than once , supervise the setting of the table . she look up and see a little girl , cathy , seven or eight year old , wander off down the beach . mrs . bowman Cathy ! do not wander off ! Cathy keep wander . mrs. bowman ( cont would ) Cathy , come back ! you can look for shell right here ! Cathy gesture , pretend she can not hear . bowman ( eye still in he book ) leave she alone . mrs . bowman what about snake ? bowman there 's no snake on a beach . let she have fun , for once . further down the beach , Cathy keep wander away , muttering to herself as she parent ' quarreling voice fade in the distance . cathy please be quiet , please be quiet please be quiet ... rounding a curve in the beach , she parent disappear from view behind she . a rustling sound draw she attention , and she turn , toward where the thick jungle foliage give way to the sand . a large bush , maybe twelve foot tall , be move , its branch sway and shaking . curious , Cathy walk up to the bush , which abruptly stop move . a small , lizard - like animal , dark green with brown stripe along its back , step out from the bush . only about a foot tall , it stand on its hind leg , balance on its thick tail . it walk upright , bob its head like a chicken . cathy well , hello there ! the animal ( a compsognathus ) just stare at she . Cathy squat down on she haunch . cathy ( cont would ) what be you ? a little bird or something ? she open she hand . she 's get a handful of goldfish cracker . cathy ( cont would ) be you hungry ? you want a goldfish ? the compy bob forward a few step , cautiously . cathy ( cont would ) come on . I will not hurt you . the compy draw closer . Cathy hold the cracker in the palm of she hand . the compy get closer still -- -- and hop numbly up onto Cathy 's palm . her arm dip a bit under the weight , but it 's not that heavy , and she hold it up easily . it bob its head , scarf up the goldfish , and eat it . enchant , Cathy break into a enormous grin and return she hand , call back over she shoulder . cathy ( cont would ) Mom ! dad ! you gotta come see this ! I find something ! she turn back . thirty more compy have come out onto the sand . they be stand there , bob anxiously , stare at she froma few foot away . Cathy 's smile fade . she turn she head slowly to the right . twenty more compys have come in from that side , form a semi-circle , bob and chipping as they surround she . cathy ( cont would ) ( terrify ) what do you guy want ? back on the beach , the table be set . Mrs. bowman call out . mrs . bowman Cathy , sweetheart ! lunch be ready ! from around the curve of the beach , a flock of bird bolt from the jungle tree as Cathy 's shrill scream suddenly pierce the air . mrs . bowman paul ! she take off , run down the beach , Mr. bowman leap out of he chair and follow , and all available deck hand race off to help , kick up geyser of sand behind they . down the beach , Mrs. bowman stop dead in she track when she round the bend in the beach . we do not see what she see , but we hear the frenzied squeaking of the strange compy . Mr. bowman and the hand race past she to help Cathy as Mrs. bowman let loose a horrify , slack - jaw scream , she mouth a perfect oval . dissolve to : int . board room - day Mrs. bowman 's scream face dissolves slowly over the yawning face of a bored corporate executive , twenty other executive sit around a conference table in the boardroom of a monied corporation . all be in expensive suit , most be over sixty . there be row of backbencher too , whisper in they lawyer who sit behind they client , whisper in they ear . empty coffee cup and fast food container on the table hint that everyone 's be here a long time . a familiar voice resound through the boardroom as we move down the long table , pat the grim face of the board member . voice ( 0.s. ) the hurricane seem like a disaster at the time , but now I think it be a bless , nature 's way of freeing that animal from they human confines . of give they another chance to survive , but this time as they be mean to , without man 's interference . the source of the voice be JOHN hammond , the founder of ingen and creator of jurassic Park . but he 's not in the room . his image be on a close circuit tv screen , which have be wheeled up to the end of the table . and he do not look good . he 's terribly infirme , propped up in bed , he face pale and draw , medical equipment beeping around he . hammond ( cont would ) there be some corporate issue that be not about the bottom line . we have so much still to learn about that creature . a whole world of intricate , interlock behavior , vanish everywhere -- except for site B. please . let 's not do what be good for more man at the expense at what be best for all mankind . the chairman , seventyish , nod awkwardly to the television . chairman thank you , John . Mr. ludlow ? he turn to peter ludlow , late thirty , a man with the anxious look of someone who insist the buck stop on he desk . ludlow flip open a file , pull out a stack of black and white eight by ten , and toss they on the table . ludlow ( a accent similar to hammond 's ) this picture be take ina hospital in costa rica forty - eight hour ago , after a american family on a yacht cruise stumble onto Site B . the little girl will be fine , but she parent be wealthy , angry , and very fond of lawsuit . but that 's hardly new to we , be it ? ( take a paper from the file ) wrongful death settlement , partial list : family of Donald gennaro , 36.5 million dollar ; family of Robert muldoon , 12.6 million . damage or destroy equipment , 17.3 million . demolition , de-construction , and disposal of isla nublar facility , organic and inorganic , one hundred and twenty - six million dollar . the tist go on , gentleman -- research funding , media payoff . silence be expensive . he 's warming up . not a bad performer . ludlow ( cont would ) this corporation have be bleed from the throat for four year . you , we board of director , have set patiently and listen to ecology lecture while Mr. hammond sign you check and spend you money . you have watch you stock drop from seventy - eight and a quarter to nineteen flat with no good and in sight . and all along , we have hold a significant product asset that we could have safely harvest and display for profit . enormous profit . he reach out to a model on the table and give it a shove , send it slide down the length of the table in front of they . it 's a mini-mall version of a zoo . cage hold tiny replica of various kind of dinosaur while Boy scout troops and tourist look on in wonder . ludlow ( cont would ) enough money to wipe out four year of lawsuit and damage control and unpleasant infight , enough to not only send we stock back to where it be but to double it . and the one thing , the only thing stand between we and this asset be a born-again naturalist who happen to be we own ceo . well , I do not work for mother nature . I work for you . two of he backbencher distribute document from a stack . ludlow take one and read from it . ludlow ( cont would ) " whereas the Chief executive Officer have engage in wasteful and negligent business practice to further he own personal environmental belief -- whereas this practice have affect the financial performance of the company by incur significant loss -- whereas the shareholder have be materially harme by this loss -- thereby , be it resolve that John parker hammond should be resolve from the office of Chief executive Officer , affective immediately . " Mr. Chairman , I move the resolution be put to a immediate vote . do I have a second ? board member I second the motion , Mr. Chairman , please poll the member by a show of hand . the chairman sign heavily , feel like a traitor . he can not bear to look at hammond on the tv monitor . chairman all that in favor of ingen corporate Resolution 213c , please signify you approval by raise you right hand . it start slowly , guiltily , but every hand in the room go up . ludlow sit back , victorious . hammond , furious , raise he right hand , which hold a remote control , and point it at the tv screen . it go blank . CUT to : ext . welder be yard - night spark fly out the window and door of a shed in the middle of a welder 's yard . scrap iron and steel lie everywhere . somewhere inside the shed , a phone ring . the whoosh of the arc welder shut off . dieter stark , a big barrel - chest man of forty or so , he face streak with soot and grime , step outside with a cordless phone , a cigarette dangle from he lip . dieter yeah . he take a deep drag while someone talk on the other end . he smile and blow out a cloud of smoke . CUT to : int . new york subway - night smoke turn into steam as a subway thunder into a station underneath Manhattan . the door whoosh open , spit out some commuter and suck up a few more . a tall man hurry down the platform , limping heavily , move as fast as he can . the subway door begin to close , but just before they meet -- -- the man jam a cane in between , stop they . the man be ian malcolm , fortyish , dress in black from head to toe . there 's a hard wisdom in malcolm 's eye that may not have be there 's a few year ago -- he know what you think , and he do not care . int . subway car - night malcolm find a seat on the crowded subway car and sit down . he look awful . tire . Weathered . he notice a curious man across from he be stare at he . malcolm look away . the curious man still stare . nervy , the curious man get up and approach . malcolm ( under he breath ) shit . the curious man sit down next to malcolm , grin . man you be he , be not you ? malcolm Excuse I ? man the guy . the scientist . I see you on tv. ( conspiratorially ) I believe you . no response from malcolm . the guy lean in even closer . man ( cont would ) roooooarr . malcolm ( a wither look ) I be misquote . I be merely speculate on the evolutionary scenario of a lose World . I never say I be in any such place . he get up and move to another seat on the car , away from the curious man . as he sit down , he notice two other commuter across from he be stare at he . he look at they . they look away . he pull the collar of he coat up tight around he . nowhere to hide . int . JOHN hammond' apartment - night a uniformed butler have a question : butler whom shall I tell Mr. hammond be call ? malcolm stand in the foyer of a expensively decorate Park Avenue apartment . malcolm Tan malcolm a door open and a little dog come yapping out of the back . it bound straight at malcolm , growling , jaw snapping . it lunge -- -- and malcolm bat it away with one swift swing of he cane . the dog roll across the floor and slink away , whining . the butler look at malcolm disapprovingly . butler not a animal lover ? malcolm not really . int . hammond' bedroom - night malcolm enter a darken bedroom . JOHN hammond lie in the bed we see earlier , on the other side of the room ; Medical equipment have be disguise as well as possible among the furniture and flower , but the sheer abundance of it tell we that whatever have stricken he be go to win this battle . hammond Ian ! do not linger in the doorway like a ingenue , come in , come in ! malcolm step further into the room . hammond ( cont would ) it 's good to see you . it really be . how 's the leg ? malcolm resentful . hammond when you have a lot of time to think , it 's funny who you remember . it 's the people who challenge you . it be the quality of we opponent that give we accomplishment meaning . I never tell you how sorry I be about what happen after we return . notice hammond 's deteriorate condition , malcolm find it hard to malcolm sustain anger . malcolm I do not know you -- be not well . hammond it 's the lawyer . the lawyer be finally kill I . malcolm they do have motive . why do you want to see I ? you message say it be urgent . hammond you be right -- and I be wrong . there ! do you ever think you would hear I say that ? spectacularly wrong . instead of observe that animal , I try to control they . I squander a opportunity and we still know next to nothing about they life . not they life as man would have they , behind electric fence , but in the wild . behavior in they natural habitat , the impossible dream of any paleontologist . I could have have it , but I let it slip away . ( pause ) thank God for Site B. just look at he for a long moment . malcolm what ? hammond ( a spark in he eye ) well ? do not it all seem a trifle compact to you ? malcolm what be you talk about ? hammond the hatchery , in particular ? you know my initial yield have to be low , far less than one percent , that 's a thousand embryos for every single live birth . genetic engineering on that scale imply a giant operation , not the spotless little laboratory I show you . malcolm I do not believe you . hammond isla nublar be just a showroom , Ian , something for the tourist , Site B be the factory floor . we build it first , on isla sorna , eight - some mile from nublar . malcolm no , no , no , no , no , no . . hammond after the accident at the park , a hurricane wipe out we facility on Site B . we have to evacuate and leave the animal to fend for themselves . and they do . for four year I have fight to keep they safe from human meddle , now I want you to go there and document they . malcolm be you out of you mind ? I still have nightmare , my reputation 's a joke , my leg be shot -- you think I need more of that ? hammond it would be the most extraordinary live fossil record the world have ever see . malcolm so what ? hammonnd pick up a thick file folder from the night table near to he and open it on he lap . Inside , there be memo , chart , map and photograph . hammond I have be put this together for over a year . ( more ) I have personal suggestion for you entire team , phone number , contact people . they will not believe you about what they be go to see , so do not bother try to convince they . just use my checkbook to get they there . I will fund you expedition through my personal account , as such money and equipment as you need , but only if malcolm malcolm you leave immediately . if we hesitate , all will be lose . malcolm John ... hammond you will need a animal behaviorist , someone with unimpeachable credential . I believe you already know Sarah harding . she 's get theory about parent and nurture among hunter / scavenger I bet she would be die to prove on a scale like this . if you convince she to go , it will be a major coup . when she publish , the scientific community must take it seriously . just shake he head , flipping through the file sadly . hammond you documentation , you should use forensic photographic method , hasselbladt still camera , high definition video . when the trick photography analyst take you evidence apart , make it impossible for they to say there be enhancement or computer graphic imaging . 0h , this be very important -- avoid the island interior at all cost . stick to the outer rim . everything you need to know can be find there . vindication lie on the outer rim . gently close the file and push it back to hammond . malcolm I be not go , John . hammond ( fatigue return ) Ian , you be my last chance to give something of real value to the world . I can not walk so far and leave no footprint ; die and leave nothing with my name on it . I will not be know only for my failure . and you will not allow yourself to go down in history as a lunatic . you be too smart . you 'e too proud . Dr. malcolm . please . this be a chance at redemption . for both of we . there 's no time to equivocate , we must seize it now , before -- he stop , stare over malcom 's shoulder . malcom turn . peter ludlow , still in he overcoat , be stand in the doorway to the bedroom . he look back and forth from hammond to malcolm suspiciously . ludlow hello , uncle John . Dr. malcolm . malcolm do not answer . he seem to know ludlow , and dislike he . ludlow ( cont would ) do I interrupt something ? malcolm turn back to hammond . malcolm find someone else . CUT to : int . hammond' apartment / foyer - night in the foyer , ludlow hand malcolm he coat , just a trifle rudely , and shepherd he to the door . ludlow so , you two be just , uh , tell old campfire storey , be you ? malcolm do I a favor . do not pretend for a second that you and I do not know the truth . you can convince time magazine and the skeptical inquirer of whatever you want , but I be there . ludlow you sign a non-disclosure agreement before you go to the island that expressly forbade you from discuss anything you see . you violate that agreement . malcolm you cost I my livelihood . that on which I relied to support my child . ludlow if you university feel you be cause it embarrassment by sell wild storey to hard copy , I hardly see how I be to -- malcolm I do not tell anything , I tell the truth . ludlow you version of it . malcolm there be no version of the truth ! this be not a corporate maneuver , it 's my life . ludlow we make a generous compensatory offer for you injury . malcolm it be a payoff and a insult . ingen never -- ludlow ingen be my livelihood , Dr. malcolm , and I will jealously defend its interest . people will know what I want they to know when I want they to know it . ludlow toss something to malcolm , hard . it sail across the foyer , upright , and malcolm reach out and catch it with one hand . it 's he cane . ludlow ( cont would ) do not forget that . malcolm stare at he for a long moment . finally , he turn and walk away . but he do not out of the apartment . instead , he walk directly past ludlow , cross the live room , and step back into hammond 's bedroom , close the door behind he with a determine click . int . hammond' bedroom - night hammond look up , hopeful , as malcolm come back into the room and walk over to he bed . he reach down -- -- and pick up the file folder . malcolm do you have a satellite phone ? CUT to : int . mombassa bar - day roland tembo , late sixty , skin like leather and the diamond hard look of a cobra , sit at a table in the middle of a African cafe / bar in mombassa . it 's daytime and the place be half full , mostly with local , but there be a few obnoxious tourist too , Americans on safari who somehow find the local handout . they be a noisy bunch , but roland tune they out , calmly eat he lunch and drink a beer while he read a book , eyeglass hang low on he nose . roland suddenly stop read and furrow he brow . he look up . he sniff the air once , then smile and call out a person 's name . roland Ajay ? he turn around . ajay ( ah - jay ) sidhu , a wiry East indian in he late forty , be stand behind he , catch try to sneak up . ajay ( delighted ) how do you know ? roland ( tap he nose ) that cheap aftershave I send you every Christmas , you actually wear it . I be touch . sit down , sit down , what bring you to mombassa ? ajay you . tell I , roland , when be the last time you answer you phone ? roland last time I plugge it in , I suppose . why ? behind they , the group of tourist , all man , laugh loudly . one of they , the most obnoxious tourist , berate the waitress . ajay I get a call from a gentleman who 's go to costa rica , or thereabout . if he 's to be believe , it 's a most , uh , unique expedition . and very well - fund . roland well , I 'ma very well - fund old son of a bitch . you go . the most obnoxious Tourist bellow for the waitress . his buddy laugh . roland throw a glance , annoyed . ajay but alone ? we always have great success together , you and I . roland just a little bit too much , I think . ajay how do you mean ? roland a true hunter do not mind if the animal win . if it escape . but there be not enough escape from you and I , Ajay . I have decide to spend a bit less time in the company of death . maybe I just feel too close to it my -- the waitress come to the tourist ' table and the most obnoxious Tourist actually paw she ass . roland be out of he chair in a second . roland ( cont would ) ( to Ajay ) Excuse I . romand walk over to the tourist ' table , say something to the waitress in the local dialect , and she walk away , behind he . he stare down at the most obnoxious Tourist . roland ( cont would ) you , sir -- be no gentleman . tourist be that suppose to be a insult ? roland I can think of none great . the Tourist look at he buddy and laugh . tourist buzz off , you silly old bastard . roland what do I have to do to pick a fight with you , bring you mother into it ? tourist be you kid ? I could take you with one arm tie down . roland really ? in the middle of the floor , the waiter finish tie a man 's wrist to he belt in the back of he pants with a napkin . he pull the knot tight and the man turn around . it 's roland , with he arm tie down . the Tourist stand across from he . tourist I mean my arm , pow ! roland punch he square in the jaw . the Tourist reel , stunne . enrage , he lunge at roland , swinging with both arm . roland bob , neatly ducking the punch , wait for the Tourist to turn around , and pop he thrice in the face . the Tourist spin and go down to the floor , face first . a cloud of sawdust and a loud cheer from the local rise up in the bar . back at he table , roland drop the napkin on the table and sit back down with Ajay . in the background , the Tourist 's buddy hurriedly carry they fall cohort out of the bar . roland sorry . we be say ? ajay you break that idiot 's jaw for no reason other than you boredom . tell the truth , roland . be not you even interested in know this expedition 's quarry ? roland Ajay . go on up to my ranch , take a look around the trophy room , and tell I what kind of quarry you think could possibly be of any interest to I . — Ajay just smile . CUT to : ext . african savannah - night the African savannah appear in shade of fluorescent green , see through night-vision goggle . a animal yelp come from the leave and the green vista sweep abruptly toward it . the world blur momentarily , then come into focus on a field of long grass . the grass ripple in a complex pattern as animal move stealthily through it . one animal head pop up above the grass for a split -second , tooth bare , a white stripe between its eye . sarah harding pull the goggle away from she face . sarah hyenas . Ace face be the stripe snout . Sarah be thirty , with a compact , athletic body build for the outdoors . she loos through the goggle again , sweeping ahead of the hyenas to they prey . it 's a herd of African buffalo , stand belly - deep in the grass , agitate , bellow and stamp they foot . Sarah turn to makena , she African assistant . sarah ( cont would ) they will try to take down a calf . come on . makena closer ? Sarah scurries up and over a rock face . makena follow . closer now , they watch as the hyenas rush the herd , run through it , try to break it up . makena ( cont would ) you know , we could see everything from up on the edge of that cliff . sarah no way . makena but the view would -- sarah no cliff . ( into a pocket recorder ) fl head sough , f2 and f5 flanking , twenty yard . f3 center . f6 circle wide east . can not see f7 . while she talk , breathless , fascinate by the drama before she , Sarah continue to creep closer and closer to the action . makena follow , with grow unease . makena Sarah . sarah f8 circle north . fl straight through , disrupt . herd move , stamp . there 's f7 . straight through . f8 angle through from the north . she 's practically on top of the animal now . makena Dr. harding . makena have a hold of Sarah 's sweatshirt and be tug she back , at least try to slow down she progress as Sarah , wide - eye with fascination , creep even closer . suddenly there be a tremendous bellowing and the grass right in front of they rip apart , trample under the foot of the hyenas as they cluster around a fall buffalo calf . they yelp and jump , they muzzle bloody . the adult move aside , make room as the hyena pup come forward , squealing to get at the kill . Sarah 's eye shine with excitement and she move even closer , whisper into the tape recorder . sarah brood behavior in evidence at the kill site , pup be ushere forward and adult help they eat , pull flesh away from the carcass and -- a telephone ring . Sarah stop in mid-sentence , unsure if she hear what she think she hear . it ring again , the unmistakable chirping of a cellular phone . Sarah and makena both move at once , paw at a backpack . sarah ( cont would ) ( a frantic whisper ) I think you turn it off ! two hyenas look inquisitively in the direction of the phone . Sarah come up with it and jab at a button in irritation . sarah ( cont would ) yes ?! someone speak on the other end . Sarah roll she eye . sarah ( cont would ) Ian . this better be important . Sarah do not say anything for a long moment , just listen as the voice on the other end talk . and talk . sarah ( cont would ) when ? CUT to : int . mobile field system - day Ian malcolm 's leg , badly scar , be bare and drape over the end of a bench . two sandbag be fastened to he ankle and malcolm be lift they , painfully rehabbing he injury while talk on a satellite phone . malcolm we leave in twenty - four hour . five member team . behind they , the SPARKS of a acetylene torch fly as workmen make modification on several vehicle , include a dark - green mercede benz aav ( all - activity vehicle ) . the hood of the aav be up and the V - 6 engine have be pull out ; a new , smaller engine be lower in its place . to one side be two long trailer , connect by a accordion - like passageway , like on a subway car , allow one to be tow behind the other . malcolm Eddie carr 's handle all we equipment and he will be there to maintain it . he 's design special field trailer now , top of the line mobile research unit . eddie carr , fortyish , be bark out order to the Workmen . eddie no , no , look at the plan , Henry , you can not place that strut laterally , it have to be crosswise , look at the plan ! from the ceiling , a large metal age crash down , landing next to they on the floor with a deafen clang . they leap back and look up . a workman wave from a scaffold . workman sorry , Eddie ! specs say it can not deform at 12,000 psi , we have to test it Eddie bend down to inspect the cage , which be rectangular , construct of inch-thick titanium - alloy bar . malcolm hang up the phone and walk up , join he . malcolm any damage ? eddie minimal . malcolm " minimal " be too much . it have to be light , it have to be strong -- eddie Light and strong , light and strong , sure , why not , it 's only impossible . God save I from academic . malcolm you be a academic . eddie former academic . now I actually make thing . I do not just talk . malcolm you think I be all talk , Eddie ? eddie ( do not look at he ) it do not matter what I think . malcolm be there anything we have forget ? anything at all ? behind they , someone clear there throat . Eddie and malcolm turn around . kelly malcolm , a African - american girl around twelve year old , stand in the doorway to the garage , a duffel bag sling over one shoulder . she look at malcolm and break into a wide grin . kelly hi , dad . malcolm Kelly ! what be you do here ? she drop the bag on the floor , and wrap she arm around he in a warm embrace . he respond stiffly . kelly vacation . I be all yours . you do not forget , do you ? she pull back and look at he . kelly ( cont would ) do you ? CUT to : int . eddie' office - day kelly be slump in a chair in Eddie 's office next to the construction floor . outside the glass window work on the vehicle continue unabate . malcolm hang up the phone . malcolm okay , Karen be expect you in half a hour . you only have to stay with she one night , she will put you on a bus in the morning and you mother will be at the station when you get there . kelly I do not even know this woman . malcolm well , I do , and she 's fantastic . she will take you to the museum , maybe to a movie if you play you card right . you be go to have a fantastic time . kelly stop say fantastic . where be you go ? malcolm I can not tell you . but I will be back within a week . kelly my vacation be over in a week . malcolm I will make it up to you this summer . I promise . kelly I be you daughter all the time , you know . not just when it 's convenient . malcolm very hurtful . you mother tell you to say that ? kelly no , dad . I have thought of my own once in a while . from the construction floor , eddie call out . eddie ( 0.s. ) Dr. malcolm ! malcolm look at she , try to make peace . quickly . malcolm be that kid still bother you ? kelly which one ? malcolm you know , at the bus stop . with the hair ? kelly that be about a year ago . malcolm well , be he ? kelly no. Richard talk to he parent . malcolm that Richard . eddie ( o.s. ) Ian , come here a minute ! kelly ( to malcolm ) I could come with you . malcolm out of the question . you would miss the gymnastics trial . you have be training for that for a year . kelly I do not care about the trial , I want to be with you . I could be you research assistant , like I be in Austin . malcolm this be nothing like Austin . forget about it . kelly you like to have kid , you just do not want to be with they , do you ? he look at she , hurt . Eddie call out a third time , impatient now . grateful for the escape , malcolm get up and head for the door . he pause guiltily . malcolm I be not like you want I to be . I have what I can be . he leave . int . MAIN floor - day while malcolm and eddie argue over something in the background , kelly circle around the trailer and look up at the window . they be all make of tempere glass , fine wire mesh inside it . she look around , to see if anybody 's watch . they be not , so she quickly slip inside the front trailer . int . trailer - day Inside , the trailer be a miracle of plan and design . it 's divide into section , for different laboratory function . the main area be a biological lab , with specimen trays , dissect pan , and microscope that connect to video monitor . next to it there 's a extensive computer section , a bank of processor , and a communication section . all the lab equipment be miniaturized and build into small table that slide into the wall . everything be bolt down . she notice a large map on the wall . off the coat of costa rica , there be a area that have be circle in heavy black ink . Kelly put a finger on the map , crossing westward , through the Pacific Ocean . thegre be dozen 's of island out here , but in the highlight region , there be a semi-circle of five . matanceros . muerte . tacano . pena . and sorna . underneath the whole island chain , there be a bold legend . " the five death , " it say . slowly , a ocean barge start to chug its way across the face of the map , leave a wake that roll the print letter of that three ominous word . dissolve to : ext . OPEN sea - day the map dissolves slowly away as the barge spalasehs through five foot ocean swell in the open sea . the barge be cramme with equipment , the aav , trailer , a jeep , and the member of malcolm 's team . on the boat , malcolm stand in the bow , riding the choppy seas . next to he , dr . juttson , fortyish , hold onto the railing , seasick . he shout over the drone of the boat 's engine . juttison ( as the wave pound the boat ) could not -- we just -- airlift -- into the -- island ? malcolm Dr. harding insisted we go by sea ! helicopter be too disruptive . this be not pile of bone you will be study this time , Dr. juttson , they live , they breathe , and they react ! juttson look at he skeptically -- -- and throw up . at the back of the boat , nick van owen , a good-look american in he late twenty , be sit amid a pile of video camera and other photographic equipment , play with a game bow . sarah harding , dress in field gear , sit down next to he . sarah so what 's you story , Nick ? nick I be a cameraman for nightline for six year , be freelance since ' 91 . do a lot of work for greenpeace . sarah that must be interesting . what draw you there ? nick woman . ' Bout eighty percent female in greenpeace . sarah very noble of you . ( of the noisy game Boy ) you do not think you be bring that thing onto the island , do you ? Nick grin and shut it off . nick hey , I would not want to spook the woolly mammoth . sarah you think this be all a joke ? nick oh , please . how be I suppose to keep a straight face when -- ( gesture to the black - clad malcolm ) -- johnny Cash here tell I I be go to Skull Island ? sarah ( not amused ) Ian 's a very good friend of mine . nick he do not need a friend , he need a shrink . sarah I believe in he . but she face say even she have she doubt . nick come on , there 's only one reason any of we be here . his check clear . she look at he . sarah Drop the cynical pose . you can not pull it off while play donkey Kong . the boat 's captain , a costa rican , point ahead and shout to they . captain there it be ! they all turn and look out over the bow . up ahead , shear , reddish - gray cliff of volcanic rock rise dramatically out of the fog-heavy ocean . captain ( cont would ) isla sorna ! the boat roar ahead , plow into a heavy wreath of fog . the mist swirl and encircle it . ext . island fiord - day a narrow inlet cut through the steep cliff , lead to the island interior . the barge burst through the fog at the mouth of the fiord and head deeper into the island . ext . lagoon - day lush green plant drip everywhere in this verdant lagoon . sulfurous yellow steam issue from the ground , bleach the nearby foliage white . in the distance one can hear the cry of jungle bird . the boat be now beach and the crew flip the tarp off the aav , the jeep , and the trailer . the truck back down a narrow ramp and onto the soft clay shore at the edge of the lagoon . there be a large three - toad animal imprint in the clay at the water 's edge , and the aav back right over it , swapping its track for the animal 's . malcolm be at the edge of the water with the captain . malcolm be back in three day , but keep the satellite phone on and you radio tune to the frequency I specify in case we need you sooner . captain do not worry . I have live around here all my life , this island be completely -- in the distance , they hear the faint , strange roar of a very large animal . the Captain look at malcolm , eye wide . captain ( cont would ) -- safe . CUT to : ext . grassy plain - day the jeep tow the double trailer to the edge of a grassy plain just beyond the lagoon , overlook the interior of the island . the noon sun be high overhead ; below , the valley shimmer in midday heat . eddie connect a flexible cable to the jeep 's power winch and flick it on . the cable turn slowly in the sunlight . move along the length of it , we see the cable lead to a pile of aluminum , some kind of strut assembly paint a camouflage color . as the winch pull the cable tight , the jumble of thin strut begin to move , slowly rise into the air . the emerge structure climb , spidery , strut unfold , fifteen foot into the air . the light house at the top ( the cage that be test back at Eddie 's workshop ) be now just beneath the lowest branch of the nearby tree , which almost conceal it from view . nick light a cigarette and carelessly toss the match on the ground . malcolm notice . malcolm listen . I know you all have probably conclude that I be out of my mind . be it we imagination , or do the tree behind malcolm just sway slightly ? malcolm ( cont would ) that 's all right , for now . but just humor I and be careful . no , it 's not we imagination , there they go again . Whole tree shiver and sway from leave to right and back again . malcolm ( cont would ) even if you think I be harmless and delude , I promise -- now the tree creak and groan as they sway . everyone have see it , and now malcolm turn around too . malcolm ( cont would ) -- this place be for real . CUT to : int . double trailer - day it 's quiet inside the trailer that serve as they command post / live quarter . the book be line up neatly on the shelf . the computer sit , boot up and await data input . all the way in the back , past the spare tire and life preserver and can food and bottled water , up in one storage bin all the way on top , there 's a rustling SOUND . a plastic student id card pop out in the crack under the bin 's door . a photograph in the lower right hand corner of the card be visible -- it 's Kelly , malcolm 's twelve - year - old daughter . the card wriggle against the lock and , with a soft click , the door pop open . kelly herself tumble out , wrap in several blanket and carry a mason jar half full of a yellowish liquid . we can guess . she leap to she foot , blink the light out of she eye , and bolt to the back of the trailer as fast as she possibly can . she race through a narrow door and slam it shut . a sign on the door say " restroom . " Inside , a sigh of relief be hear . CUT to : ext . jungle trail - day along a stream bed , the jungle tree still shiver . nick load a three quarter inch tape into he heavy video camera and chew anxiously on a piece of gum . sarah and dr . juttson be beside he as the group nervously follow the groaning forest tree to they right . at the rear , eddie and malcolm walk side by side . Eddie be carry a heavy silver rifle , a aluminum canister hang beneath the barrel . he show it to malcolm , he voice low and urgent . eddie lindstradt air rifle . fire a subsonic fluger impact-delivery dart . he crack open the cartridge bank , revealing a row of plastic container fill with straw - color liquid . each be tip with a three inch needle and carry a bright yellow warning tag -- " extreme danger ! lethal toxicity ! " eddie ( cont would ) I load the enhance venom of conus purpurascen , the South Sea cone shell . most powerful neurotoxin in the world . act within a two - thousandth of a second . faster than the nerve-conduction velocity . the animal 's down before it feel the prick of the dart . from they right , the shaking tree see closer now . by walk down the stream bed , the human be tracking right along with the animal as they move in the foliage . malcolm ( to Eddie ) be there a antidote ? eddie like if you shoot yourself in the foot ? would not matter . you would be dead before you realize you would accidentally pull the trigger . ahead of they , thick foliage block the path of the dry up stream bed to the height of about fifteen foot . but around they , the crashing sound get louder and closer , the sway tree shiver right beside they . Eddie raise the rifle in defense as the tree right at the edge of the stream bed sway and part . above the foliage , they see the sudden movement -- -- of a row of stegosaur fin . the spade - shape fin run along a ridge down the middle of the animal 's back , about three foot tall each . the group freeze , amaze , and as the stegosaur continue on , they get a good look at it through a break in the foliage . it 's a large dinosaur with a small head , a thick neck , and a huge lumber body . a double row of plate run along the crest of its back , and it have a drag trail with long spike in it . the gum drop out of Nick 's mouth , flop onto he shirt , and stick there . nick oh -- juttson -- my -- eddie -- God ! sarah it 's beautiful ! a second stegosaur , a baby about a quarter the size of the first animal , break through the foliage , follow the adult . while the group be reach to that , the earth vibrate and a third stego , by far the biggest of the three , walk out of the foliage right behind they , crossing within ten foot . apparently unconcern about this little creature in they environment , the stego continue on across the stream bed . Sarah raise a still camera and shoot picture . her shutter be mute , so that a muffle click be all that 's audible . juttson raise a pocket recorder to he lip and whisper into it breathlessly . juttson stegosaurus , family stegosauridae , infraorder stegosauria , suborder thyreophora . length , adult male , estimate twenty - five to thirty foot . his breathy word turn into almost helpless laughter , of all thing , as he can not contain he astonishment . Eddie cover he mouth , try to keep he quiet . sarah ( to juttsn ) that be a pair bond ! a family group , even , long after that infant be nestbound ! juttson I want to see the nest ground ! Nick turn to malcolm , eye like saucer , and make a futile , wordless , boy - be - I - wrong-on - this - one gesture . malcolm smile , lean over , and tap softly on Nick 's video camera . Nick raise it to he shoulder and flick it on as the group continue on into the bush after the animal . in the BUSH , the baby wander away from the group and amble over near where Sarah crouch in the bush . Sarah raise she camera again and silently snap a picture . she whisper to juttson , who be beside she . sarah Lone nest -- not colonial . I do not see a egg clutch ... she gesture and juttson peer through a pair of field glass . juttson ( whisper back ) the empty shell be crush and trample . the young stay in the birth environment , that 's conclusive ! sarah not without a shot of the nest . she see a opportunity . as the baby head back to its parent , Sarah scoot right along with it , move behind it , use its body as a shield to block she from the view of the other two . Nick and Eddie 's face whiten in alarm . Nick reach out to stop she , but he barely get hold of the sole of she boot before she pull away from he and duckwalk out into the clear . in the clearing , Sarah slink along behind the baby stego as it walk back , toward the nest , chew the branch it carry in its south . she raise up sightly , squeezing off picture of the herd , ever better as she get closer . back at the hill , the other can only watch she , aghast . nick she 's gutty . malcolm she 's nut . in the clearing , Sarah keep move closer . the baby pass a small grouping of rock and Sarah duck behind they . she 's now in a perfect position to photograph the nest , and she squeeze off picture after picture from this ideal vantage point . she shoot the last picture on the roll -- -- and the camera 's autowinder whirs to life . Sarah look down in horror as the camera 's motor whine loudly in she hand . th noise startles the animal . the male turn toward she the plate on its back bristle . Sarah get to she foot and start to move away , slowly . the male turn away from she and swing its tail , spike extend . it whizhes through the air , right at she , but Sarah leap back at the last second -- -- and the tail 's spike thud into the dirt where she be . Sarah crunch to the ground and the three stegosaur dart away , disappear into the bush , move surprisingly quickly for animal they size . the other run to Sarah , help she to she foot , and pull she back , against a massive tree trunk . but the tree trunk lift right up off the ground . it 's no tree , it 's a dinosaur be leg , a massive one , six foot across , God know how many foot high . the Group gasp and look up as a makenchiasaurus , a enormous saurupod over a hundred foot from nose to tail , lumber away from they . the Group stare in wonder as the mamenchiasaur stop and honk furtively , its long neck stretch out above they . now a second mamenchiasaur neck crane out of the surround forest tree and wrap around the first . the first mamenchiasaur thunder around in a semi-circle , get into position behind the second . Nick swing he video camera straight up and the group suddenly find itself in the middle of a mamenchiasaur mate . the mighty tail swing and SNAP around they as the two animal come together , and tree start snap and fall , crashing to the jungle floor . the group panic and bolt for cover toward the only place where the tree be not fall -- which be directly underneath the animal ! amid honk and bleat , the swinging tail continue to deforest the jungle around they . the noise and chaos be deafen , drown out the laughter and scream of the fascinate and terrify group . there be a momentary lull and the group dash out from underneath the animal , disappear into the thick forest . a short distance away , the Group collapse to the ground , breathless , chest heaving with wild , frighten laughter . Sarah go to malcolm and throw she arm around he , exhilated . sarah Tan , you be not insane ! I be so glad ! — juttson ( out of breath ) Dr. malcolm -- the world -- owe you a apology . CUT to : ext . jungle trail - day suddenly , the gatherere be take they expedition a lot more seriously . they march quickly back to base camp , they energy and excitement palpable . nick strike a match and raise it to a cigarette with a shaking hand , but sarah lean in and blow it out . sarah no more smoking . we leave no scent of any kind . no hair tonic , no cologne , seal all we food in plastic bag . we will observe and document , but we will not interact . malcolm that 's a scientific impossibility , you know . Heisenberg uncertainty principle . whatever you study , you also change . Nick eject the use videotape from he camera and pull out a sharpie , to label it . nick what should I call this ? " jurassic pork ? " Eddie , next to he , laugh . sarah ( still to malcolm ) and let 's forget about the high hide . we can not do this kind of work up in a tower , we need to be out in the field , as close to the animal as possible . juttson I be not surprised stegosaur live in a family group , but there 's never be anything in the fossil record to prove the carnivore do . sarah why would not they ? look at hyenas , jackal , nearly all species of predator bird -- juttson that do not say a thing about t-rex , they could have be rogue . Robert burke certainly think they be . sarah we have get to see one to find out . be there any — malcolm no way . nick oh , my God . sarah -- way we could safely -- nick oh , no ! he take off , run as fast as he can , down the trail , toward base camp . they look ahead , in the direction Nick be run . a plume of black smoke be rise up over the tree . eddie Fire ! CUT to : ext . base camp - day nick burst out of the tree and race toward the thick plume of smoke . in the middle of the base camp , someone have neatly build a campfire surround by stone . flame burn in the middle . Nick race over to it and stomp it out as the other emerge from the tree behind he . malcolm a campfire ?! Nick grab a jug of water , but Sarah step in . sarah no ! Water mix the smoke billow , use dirt ! they start to kick and rake dirt onto the fire with they hand and foot . Eddie and Dr. juttson jump in and help out . malcolm who the hell start a campfire ?! voice ( 0.s . ) it be just to make lunch . malcolm turn toward the source of the voice . kelly stand in the doorway of the trailer , sheepish . kelly ( cont would ) I want it ready when you get back . the whole group stare , stunne , none more so than malcolm himself . malcolm oh ... man . CUT to : ext . base camp - later later , and base camp be a blur of activity . sarah , juttson , nick , and eddie be hard at work , bury the remain of the fire , sealing they food in plastic bag , load camera equipment , pack up specimen container and other information - gather equipment . malcolm , meanwhile , be lecture Kelly . malcolm you know you be put yourself in a potentially dangerous situation , but you do not bother to find out how dangerous before you leapt in . you do not have the faintest idea what 's go on on this island ! sarah ( load a backpack ) what do you want to do , Ian , lock she up for curiosity ? where do you think she get it ? juttson ( to Nick ) do you have chromium tape ? the other fog in high - nick - humidity , I know . ( wave a tape ) highest lead density on the market . eddie ( to malcolm ) we have get a lot of heavy march ahead of we . I be not carry anybody . kelly I can keep up . malcolm you be go home . I be send a radio call for the boat . we will all go down to the lagoon and wait for they . sarah lighten up , Ian , you sound like a high school vice- principal . malcolm I be she father . kelly sure , now . Nick lean over and whisper to Eddie , gesture to malcolm and Kelly . nick do you see any family resemblance here ? malcolm you can not stay , Kelly , that 's it . it 's too dangerous . sarah if it 's so dangerous , why would you bring any of we ? kelly you be wrong , dad . I do know what 's go on on this island . malcolm how could you possibly ? kelly because you say so . maybe nobody else believe you , but I always do . ~ he look at she , touch . Nick mutter to Eddie again . nick the kid score with cheap sentiment . sarah Ian , if we recall the boat now , we have make two invasive landing in one day . that will have to go in any paper I write , and it will leave room for people to say we finding be contaminate . you know the academic world as well as I do , once they smell blood in the water , you be dead . we presence have get to be one hundred percent antiseptic . that mean if we bend a blade of grass , we bend it right back the way it - a low sound have be rise while she speak , and now it come booming over the jungle around they , a thunderous racket that shake the very ground beneath they . suddenly , three C - 130 military cargo plane thunder overhead and roar toward the island interior , fly very low . the plane be enormous , fat - ass creature , they rear cargo door hang open . at a ridge , the member of the gatherer expedition hit the dirt and peer over a ledge , watch as the airplane bank and circle over a specific spot . Eddie raise a pair of field glass . down below , huge metal equipment container be shove out the back of the cargo bay . they SNAP off tree like matchstick , crush flat anything foolish enough to exist where they want to land . now men pour out the rear of the plane , they low - altitude parachute billow open behind they . up on the ridge , Nick look at Sarah . nick you be say something about antiseptic ? CUT to : ext . hunter ' camp - day Metal container door clang to the ground , jeep engine roar to life in a cloud of thick black diesel smoke , blue laser barrier sizzle and burn through foliage as this group of hunter establish a perimeter around they new camp . peter ludlow , dress in brand new banana Republic safari wear , step into the center of the camp and survey the surroundings . he turn to dr . ROBERT burke , a rag , pony - tail man in wire - rimmed glass . ludlow welcome to you dream come true , Dr. burke . burke have a detailed set of satellite recon photograph that he spread out on the hood of a jeep . burke I believe the large herbivore forage in open plain , like bison , which would explain the great variety of heat dot we be read in the flatland around this waterhole . right -- here . ludlow then that 's where we be go . burke flip open a manifest that he will carry with he at all time . Inside , there be dozen of sketches of various kind underneath . as each vehicle roar out of the equipment container , burke slip a waterproof eight by ten card with a icon of the various dinosaur on the island into a slot in the dashboard . burke ( call they off ) hadrosaurus ! carinthosaurus ! maiasaurus ! as the procession go on , ludlow turn to dieter stark , the man we see welding earlier . ludlow this be as good a place as any for base camp . first priority be the laser barrier , I want they all up and run in thirty minute . half a hour , understand ? dieter nod and turn to some of the hunter , who number about twenty in all , that be work nearby . but someone step in front of dieter , cut he off . it 's roland tembo , the hunter from the bar in mombassa . roland cancel that , dieter . ludlow what ? why ? roland point to a stream run nearby . roland carnivore hunt near stream bed . do you want to set up base camp or a all - you- can - eat people bar ? ludlow ( think ) you hear he , dieter . find a new spot . and remember , we be after herbivore only -- no unnecessary risk . dieter sigh and go to work . roland put a arm around ludlow and pull he aside . roland Peter , if you want I to run you little camp trip , there be two condition . first -- I be in charge , and when I be not around , dieter be . you job be to sign the check , tellus we be do a good job , and open you case of scotch when we have a good day . second condition -- my fee . you can keep it . all I want in exchange for my service be the right to hunt one of the tyrannosaur . a male . Buck only . why and how be my business . if you do not like either of that condition , you be on you own . go ahead and set up you camp right here , or in a swamp , or in the middle of a rex nest , for all I care . but I have be on too many safaris with rich dentist to listen to any more suicidal idea . okay ? ludlow ( what else can he say ? ) okay . roland good lad . CUT to : ext . jungle the jungle foliage shiver , quake , and finally fall as the hunters ' convoy roar into the hart of the jungle . dieter stark stand in the front of the lead vehicle , the " speedbird , " wave the convoy forward , he Driver ( carter ) at the wheel beside he . ludlow be in the back seat of the speedbird next to dr . burke . roland and ajay , he tracker , be in the second jeep . they look up as the brakelight on the speedbird flash and the car stop , force the rest of the convoy to halt as well . in the front , the speedbird flash its light at something in front of it . dieter climb out , plainly irritate . he walk around the front of the car and see -- -- four pachycephalosaurs eat grass in the middle of the jungle trail . they be about five foot tall , thick , heavy - set animal whose distinctive feature be a enormous skull case , a tall , impressive crown that rise on the top of they head . dieter do not seem impressed . he look back at ludlow , who look at Dr. burke . burke stand up in he seat , a look of wonder on he face . burke pachycephalosaurus ! ludlow carnivore ? burke ( enchant ) huh ? no ! no , herbivore , late cretaceous . very unusual plant eater , see that distinctive dome skull ? that 's nine inch of solid bone . ludlow ( who care ? ) just get they out of the way , dieter . dieter come on , move it !! the pachys look up at he sluggishly , still eat , like cow chew they cud . as unimpressive with he as he be with they , they go back to they grass . dieter ( cont would ) oh , for God 's -- he sling he rifle off he shoulder and aim it at the close animal . behind he , roland have climb out of the second jeep . roland dieter . this be a round - up , not a war . use you power of persuasion . dieter gesture to the speedbird to pull ahead , which it do , slowly , toward the animal . the pachys look up , alert , but do not move . dieter walk toward they . dieter come on , come on , do not have all day ! burke ( go on to no one in particular ) see , the pachy 's neck attaches at the bottom of its skull instead of the back of its head , as with reptile . the speedbird draw closer . the first pachy stare at it intently . the lead vehicle get closer , closer -- -- and bang into the pachy , knock it back a few foot , out of the way . burke ( cont would ) so when it lower its head , its neck line up directly with its backbone -- behind dieter , Ajay be stare at something on the ground at he foot . he take a few step further into the foliage , then turn back toward roland . ajay roland . up at the front , the pachys turn and hop away . dieter turn and head back to the speedbird . as he reach for the door , a voice call " look out ! " from behind he . dieter spin around , just in time to see -- -- the first pachy in full charge . it slam headfirst into the speedbird , smashing the headlight and dent the grill . burke ( conclude he lecture ) which be perfect for absorb impact . dieter turn and run around to the front of the car . the pachy have back up for another run and be now charging right at he . dieter retreat , quickly , and rip open the passenger door to protect himself . slam ! the pachy clobber the door , send dieter fly against the car , knock the wind out of he . in the other jeep , the rest of the hunter stand up or lean out the window for a better look , laugh . pow !! the pachy head - butt the tire next to dieter . it bounce off , tumble to the ground , and roll to its foot as dieter get to he knee and crawl toward the back of the speedbird . but the pachy be quick and lunge at dieter again . he 's force to hit the dirt and crawl quickly underneath the speedbird , just as the animal slam into the rear of the vehicle . now the other three animal join the jun . ludlow and the Driver have to cover they head as the animal lunge at the car again and again , smashing the steel - meshed window and mangling the quarter panel . the rest of the group watch , vastly amused . a few step into the jungle , Ajay and roland be stare at something on the ground -- a animal footprint , three - to , enormous . ajay it match the picture . roland it certainly do . roland get up and go back to he vehicle , ignore the pachy demolition derby that continue up at the speedbird . roland open a case in the back of the jeep , revealing -- -- he gun . it 's a antique elephant gun , a double barrel .600 nitro Express . nearly a hundred year old , it 's still in immaculate condition , its rosewood stock buttery smooth , bison delicately engrave along its silver breach . the barrel be twenty - four inch long , top with a ivory bead foresight at the business end . roland scoops up the gun , break the breach , and pull two round of ammunition from he shirt pocket . four inch long and three - quarter of a inch in diameter , this be the large full metal jacket cartridge ever make . he slip one into each barrel and head back into the bush . roland pause before he go , as if notice the animal trash the speedbird for the first time . roland hey ! the pachys all freeze , stare at he . roland wave one hand , hiss sharply between he tooth -- -- and the pachys scatter , back into the jungle . take care of that problem . roland turn and head back into the jungle , call out over he shoulder to ludlow . roland ( cont would ) do not worry about we . we will catch up . ludlow where do you think you be go ?! roland to collect my fee . and with that he disappear into the foliage . the Driver of the speedbird drop it into gear and the batter car groans forward . as it move ahead , it reveal dieter , lie underneath it , ego bruise worse than body . in the jungle , Ajay take a step into the bush , but at a ninety degree angle away from the direction in which the animal track lead . roland Ajay . Ajay turn . roland point in the direction in which the footprint lead . roland ( cont would ) I be no tracker , but even I can read this spoor . ajay do you wish to go where the animal have be , or where the animal be ? roland smile . Ajay set off in he direction and roland follow . CUT to : ext . island ridge - day see from a ridge above they , the hunter 's convoy continue to plow through the jungle . but how the hunter themselves be be track , follow by the gatherer . they scurry along as fast as they can , try to keep pace with the move vehicle below . eddie why do not you tell we about this guy , Ian ?! malcolm because I do not know ! I do not have the faintest idea what they be do here . nick ( angry ) ruining everything , that 's what they be do . you could choke on the diesel smoke already ! sarah Ian , nothing we observe will be valid if we be trail along in the wake of a army . Kelly have a pair of binocular and be study the vehicle as they move below . kelly " ingen . " what 's ingen ? malcolm where do it say that ? kelly on the side of that one truck . malcolm take the binocular and stare down there himself juttson ingen be a genetics corporation be not it ? nick ( to malcolm ) be that who we be really work for ?! gene splicer ?! malcolm no ! we be a independently fund expedition . sarah fund by whom ? malcolm John hammond . juttson but he 's the head of ingen ! nick you gotta be kid . ( to malcolm ) you drag I out of greenpeace to be a corporate stooge ? you could not get anybody else ? kelly yeah , what have you do , dad ? sarah we would better keep move , or we will lose they . the group move on ahead , but malcolm linger , angry , stare through the binocular . malcolm what be you do to I , John ? CUT to : ext . the cave - day ajay and roland make they way through the foliage and come into a small clear , where a cluster of cave be carve into the rock . Ajay freeze , gesture ahead , to the cave on the far leave . roland pull up a handful of grass and release it on the breeze . it float back between he leg . that 's good . he proceed toward the cave , carefully , Ajay behind he . they can see nothing beyond the yawn mouth of the cave , only a black interior . roland pause , look down . on the ground to he right he see the partially eastern leg of a creature . it 's old , crawl with white maggot and fly . roland continue on . closer to the cave , he now pass the skull of a large animal , some of the flesh and green skin still adhere to the bone . it , too , be cover with fly . still he continue on . a short rise lead into the cave , and they edge up it . from inside the cave , they can hear a odd squeaking sound , very high -pitch . crawl now , roland and Ajay scale a four- foot circular rampart of dry mud , and peer into -- -- the tyrannosaur nest . it 's flatter inside , about ten foot in diameter , completely encircle by earthen wall . a baby tyrannosaur , about four and a half foot long , be in the center of the nest . it have a large head , very large eye , and its body be cover with a fluffy red down , which give it a scraggly appearance . it squeak repeatedly , tear awkwardly at the remain of a chunk of animal flesh , bite decisively with tiny , sharp tooth . the cave itself be a foul boneyard . animal carcass litter the edge , fly buzz in the captive air . roland raise a bandana to he nose to cover the stench . he turn to Ajay and whisper . roland it 's the rex nest . Ajay nod . the baby tyrannosaur hear the whisper and look up , cock its head in curiosity . ajay make a blind here ? wait for the buck to return ? roland ( shake he head no ) if the nest be upwind , so be we . when he come back , he will know we be here before we have a chance . the truck -- in the nest below , the baby squeak angrily at the intruder . roland ( cont would ) -- be to get he to come where we want he . the baby squeak again , indignant . roland turn and look down at it . think . CUT to : ext . ridge - dusk as the sun glow bright orange on the horizon , nick raise a pair of binocular to he eye and peer down at the vista below the ridge . in the lense of the binocular , we can clearly see a mix herd of midsize herbivore -- hardosaurs , pachycephalosaurs , and callimimuse -- racing across the plain below . malcolm , also stare through binocular , lie on the ridge beside he . sarah be several foot behind they , she back press against a tree , unwilling to go to the lip of the ridge . through nick's binoculars we see a shaky point of view of the herd run . the binocular whip to the right -- -- revealing a jeep chase the herd not just one jeep , in fact , but a whole fleet of hunter pursuit vehicle ! there be two herding jeep , one motorcycle , as speedier mini-jeep , and , further behind , a container truck and a wrangler 's pickup truck . although there 's a great deal of commotion below , up here it 's almost eerily silent . on the ridge , Nick lower the binocular , angry . when he raise they again , the sun flare off the lens -- ext . the plain - dusk -- and when the brilliant flare clear , we be right down in the middle of the roundup . engine roar , wheel spin and dig in the dirt , man shout and radio squawk as the hunter vehicle pursue the fleeting herd they be flushed . the hunter shout and shriek with glee , incredulous and thrilled by the spectacular animal they be pursue . hunter look at these thing ! hunter 2 they 're beautiful , man , they 're beautiful !!! one of the pursuit vehicle ( a " snagger " ) , pull ahead of the other . dieter stark stand in the passenger seat , hold a long pole with a noose dangle from the end of it . he swing the pole out over the side of the jeep and shout to the driver . dieter faster ! the Driver hit the gas and the snagger leap forward , gain on the herd . aware of the danger behind they , the herd veer to the right , toward the cover of thick jungle -- -- but the motorcycle roar in from the right side , cut they off , herding they back out into the open . back in the container truck , peter ludlow stand in a " con tower , " a command post in the heaviest pursuit vehicle . he bark into a walkie-talkie . ludlow alive , dieter , and uninjured ! back on the snagger , the Driver can barely keep up with the twist and feint throw by the herd ahead of he . dieter curse and throw the lasso pole into the back of the jeep . ludlow 's voice continue over the radio in dieter 's jeep . ludlow ( 0.s. ) that be very expensive animal ! can you hear I ?! dieter ( to the Driver ) turn that off ! the Driver snap off the radio as dieter grab a long - barrel rifle from the back of the vehicle . the motorcycle gun it again , force the herd back into the middle of the plain . from the tree to the leave , two head on enormous neck rise up in alarm . two apatosaurs be startle from the bush and lumber out across the middle of the plain . the herd do not even break stride , but keep run , scamper after the giant and stampede right between they massive leg . one smaller pachycephalosaur bolt loose , but the motorcycle cut it off and herd it back into the middle , which now take the motorcycle right through the rise and fall leg of the apotosaur . the bike chase the pachy out the other side , and as the apatosaur disappear into the distance , the cycle isolate the juvenile . another truck , a " scissor rig , " spot the isolate animal . High in the back of the truck , a hunter man a tranquilizer cannon , draw a bead on the pachy as the cycle run it down . he fire and the tranquilizer dart hit the animal in the neck . its pace slow and another hunter from the truck toss a lasso around its neck . they crank a winch , reeling in the animal . as the truck gain on it , two six - foot padded arm with what look like heavy airbag on the inside open up on the front of the truck . as the animal be pull in , the scissors close with a hydraulic whir , trapping the animal between its airbag . now a pick - up rig roar up and drop its back gate . the scissor rig roll forward , deposit the squirming pachy in this dino-contaiment vehicle . two hunter throw lever on the side of the scissor bar and the scissor rig back away , leave the animal , still pinch between the bar , imprison in the back of the pick - up rig . the hunters quickly fit new scissor bar onto the scissor rig and it take off , back into the hunt . back on the snagger , dieter , rifle in hand , drop down into the passenger seat , whip a harness over himself and click it into place . he jab he thumb into a flash red button in the dashboard . immediately , a motor underneath the seat hum to life and the seat itself telescope , extend a good four foot out to dieter raise the gun , pick a carinthosaur , a red-crested herbivore , from the rear of the fleeting herd , and take aim . bang ! ! the carinthosaur stagger as a tranquilizer dart stick in its leave hindquarter . up on the ridge , there be utter quiet . Nick and the other stare wordlessly at the spectacle below . down on the plain , the snagger shudder to a halt in the dirt , kick up a huge cloud of dust and dirt . the motorcycle spin to a stop beside it , its driver push he mask up to reveal he sweat and dirt -streak face . the wrangler truck back up and drop its rear door , which clang heavily to the ground . four wranglers carry wire noose pole and chain race down the ramp and out of the truck . dieter jump off the snagger . he put down he tranquilizer gun , pick up a long steel rod , and walk forward slowly . ahead of he , the carinthosaur be still on its foot . the sedate animal stagger , fight to retain its balance while it be surround by the wary wrangler . dieter easy -- easy -- not too close ! full extension ! the wrangler adjust they pole , extend they another three foot , which allow they to stay further from the reeling , ten foot tall animal . dieter ( cont would ) now ! almost as one , the wrangler flip they noose over the stunne animal 's neck . it thrashes , but the wrangler hold they pole tightly , surround and immobilize it . up on the ridge , Nick turn away . he can not watch . down on the plain , a bolero- type device , a rope with a round weight at either end , whip around the carinthosaur 's leg . the animal thud to the dirt with a snort of a defeat . ludlow step up next to dieter and both of they stare down at the helpless animal . ludlow 's breathe heavily , eye glow . the animal be still thrashing , pump its leg crazily . dieter turn a knob on the side of the steel rod he 's hold and thrust it into the defenseless animal 's neck . a blue arc of electricity crack and dance over the carinthosaur 's body . the animal convulse in pain , a horrible , high - pitch squealing rip the air . dr . burke , they paleontologist , hurry forward with a syringe . he draw a certain amount of tranquilizer from a bottle and inject it into the animal 's thigh . carter , dieter 's Driver , step up with a can of spray paint and quickly tag the animal with a id number in day - glo orange . dieter pull the card with a icon of a carinthosaur from the dashboard of the jeep and mark a black X over the draw of the animal . dieter next case . CUT to : ext . ridge - night night have fall over the island . the hunter have establish base camp in a area they have trample and clear just below the ridge . Blue laser fence encircle the perimeter . Inside , half a dozen tent be set up around a central campfire . the vehicle be all park at one end , away from the tent . at the other end , there be a row of at least a dozen " capture container , " cage that hold the imprison dinosaur they have already round up . sarah , malcolm , and nick stand at the edge of the ridge above , look down at the scene . Sarah stand a bit further back from the other , not want to get too close to the edge . voice waft up to they , raucous , laughing , some even singing . dr . juttson have a pair of night -vision binocular train on the cage . juttson carinthosaurus -- compsognathus -- triceratop -- pachycephalosaurus -- or small scavenger only . malcolm , also with binocular , furrow he brow , see something below . through malcolm' binoculars , he see peter ludlow , stand in the middle of the camp , point , give order . on the ridge , malcolm drop the binocular . malcolm ludlow . that 's why hammond be in such a hurry for I to get here . he know they be come . he give the binocular to Sarah , who move forward gingerly . malcolm ( cont would ) you okay ? sarah ( irritate ) Heights , I can not help it . put you arm here , will you ? she put he arm around she wait , to steady she while she be close to the cliff edge . juttson what do they want ? malcolm they want they money back . to ingen , this island be nothing more than a bed investment . juttson we should get back to base camp . Eddie 's wait for we . malcolm I can not believe Peter ludlow 's run all this . sarah he be not . check out the guy walk past the fire . she hand the binocular to malcolm . through the binoculars , malcolm see roland , who 's walk with ajay , weapon and equipment sling over they shoulder . sarah ( 0.s . ) I have see he before . in Brazil . he and that guy with he be spearhunt jaguar . Said it be immoral to go after they any other way . he 's not just a hunter , he 's a philosopher . kind of guy who beat you up with you own argument . back on the ridge , sarah ( cont would ) he 's the one in charge . malcolm well , if that 's true -- the man in charge just leave camp . Nick , who have be quietly fume next to they , now step forward . nick then this be we chance . malcolm we chance to do what ? nick I do not know this guy , but I know ‘em . I have see ‘em on japanese whaler , french barge try to dump barrel of nuclear waste in the North Atlantic . they be all the same . they spray we with water cannon when we try to stop them , sink we boat , and then call we crazy . he rummages through he pack , come up with various tool . a hunt knife . a bolt cutter . nick ( cont would ) nobody have to come with I . I have do this before . sarah why , Nick . you be a tree-hugger . he look at she , hurt . nick there 's no reason for name call . malcolm Dr. juttson , please take Kelly back to camp right away . leave the other car for we and we will meet you there in a hour or so . kelly what be you guy gonna do ? malcolm ( sign ) exactly what John hammond want we to do . CUT to : int . tent - hunter be camp - night in the hunter 's supply tent , a case of twelve - year - old scotch sit open amid crate after crate of weapon and ammunition . peter ludlow reach in and pull a bottle out . ext . jungle - night in the jungle , ludlow approach a small clear . roland be bent over a small stake in the ground , chain something to it . as ludlow approach and walk around he , he see what protest . roland look up . roland offer a little incentive . ludlow laugh and shake he head . he take a drink and offer roland one . roland accept . ludlow notice roland 's gun lean against a tree . ludlow what kind of gun be that ? roland my father 's .600 nitro Express . make in 1904 . karimojo Bell give it to he after he take down he last elephant . 8700 foot pound strike force . ludlow how close do you have to be ? roland forty yard . less , maybe . I assume it will take a slug in the brain case to bring he down . ludlow why not just use a scope and a poison dart and snipe he from a hill ? roland just look at he . roland or a laser beam from a satellite ? ludlow lean down , close to the baby rex , and examine it while it thrashes on its chain . its mouth have be bound shut with a leather strap . ludlow you rally think this will draw the parent ? roland I once see a bull elephant die charge a jeep . all the jeep have do be startle the bull 's calve . I see a lioness carry wounded prey four and a half mile , all the way back to its de , just to teach its cub how to finish off a kill . ludlow killing lesson ? heartwarm . roland rex will not be any different . it will come . ludlow you be kid yourself . a adult t-rex care about one thing -- fill its own belly . it act the way people wish they could , that 's why everyone 's fascinate by it . if people have the chance to see one dinosaur and one only , ninety - nine percent would -- he stop , a idea on he face . ludlow ( cont would ) wait . why not ? sedative . growth inhibitor ... roland what ? ludlow I have not plan on bring carnivore back because of the liability risk , but I only think of adult , it never occur to I -- ( close to the animal ) you be a billion dollar idea , my little f£ - crack ! the tyrannosaur , even with its jaw clamp shut , lunge at ludlow 's face , head - but he right across the bridge of the nose . ludlow stagger back , waiting in pain , clutching he bleed face . roland laugh . ludlow , like a enraged child , snatch up roland 's gun and bring the butt down viciously on the rex 's leg . the bone break with a dry SNAP and the animal howl in pain . roland lunge and throw ludlow to the ground , but the damage be do . roland what the hell you do that for ?! as he pain ease , ludlow feel a bit foolish , but he attempt to cover . ludlow have to . to keep he still for the trip . roland you have break its leg ! ludlow we have get to transport it seven thousand mile . would you prefer it bit off the leg of a crew member ? he get up , brushes himself off , and head back to the camp , try to salvage he dignity . roland watch he go . CUT to : ext . edge of hunter ' camp - night at the edge of the hunter ' camp , nick , sarah , and malcolm scramble down a hillside and stop at the edge of the laser barrier . there be three beam , each about two foot apart , the tallest almost six foot off the ground . Nick reach the edge and crouch . Sarah , help by malcolm , step up onto he back and jump over the top , landing with a crunch . Nick be next , give a boost by malcolm , who be then leave alone on the other side . he back up a few step , jog right at the laser , then spring off he good leg -- -- and do the fosburry flop right over the top . he land with a thud , to the silent admiration of the other two . further in the camp , the three of they creep along , hide behind a stack of fuel barrel . they lean around the edge for a look . they be directly behind the row of vehicle . they move , into the open , cover the ground between they and the jeep . reaching they , Nick hit the dirt and wriggle under the first one . malcolm and Sarah stand lookout . under the jeep , Nick pull the bolt cutter from he back pocket . he squirm along until he find the jeep 's fuel line -- -- and he snip it . he duck out of the way just as the stream of fuel begin to pour into the dirt . malcolm and sarah move slowly down the line , stand watch as Nick crawl out from under the first jeep and proceed to the second . they hear another snip , then keep move , to cover he as he move to the third . from in the distance , malcolm hear a sound , a faint , high - pitch screeching . he turn and look to that direction . ext . jungle clearing - night it 's the baby t-rex , still screening . up in a nearby tree , roland and ajay have spread some break branch crosswise to form a high hide of they own about ten foot off the ground . they wait . roland raise he binocular . the light of the camp spill all the way out here , illuminate some of the jungle . he scan it , search for any sign of movement . ext . hunter ' camp - night back in the camp , Sarah , malcolm , and Nick have finish with all of the vehicle except the badly batter one , which be park some distance away , undergo repair . the motor pool area be now a soggy lake of spill gasoline . the saboteur walk casually across the camp , unnotice in the drunken revelry . they pass several tent , the shadow of the partier visible as they move inside . they continue across the camp and arrive at the other side -- -- to face the cage animal . the carinthosaur that be tranquilize earlier stand there dully , eye heavy and glassy , still under the effect . they pass a stegosaur , its row of fine bristle . and finally they reach the large cage , which house a triceratop the size of a pickup truck , Nick pull out he trusty bolt cutter . he look at they , a glint in he eye . nick hang on . we may encounter some turbulence . int . hunter ' camp - night in one of the hunter tent , peter ludlow lean over the satellite recon picture of the island , plan the next day 's assault with dieter and dr . burke , they paleontologist . there be small wooden dinosaur model scattered around the photo , indicate where certain species can be find . burke if you be really interested in infant , we will have better luck at the seaside , because the sand offer a cushion surface where the egg clutches can -- can -- he trail off . a low rumbling sound can be hear outside , and the little wooden dinosaur start shaking on the board . they look at each other . the rumbling get louder . outside , someone shout ; on the board , the little dinosaur start hopping and bounce from the vibration , the shout outside turn to scream , they turn and look at the back of the tent -- -- and the triceratop burst right through the canvas ! ext . camp - night hunter go fly as the tent - cover triceratop , its horn tear through the canvas , rumble across the camp . Men shout in alarm , the triceratop bellows in anger and confusion , chaos reign . in the crush of people run every which way , malcolm and sarah be sweep off in one direction while nick be buffete in another . they shout , but cannot be hear over the frey . the triceratop , blind by the canvas shroud , stomp right through the fire in the middle of the camp and the tent burst into flame . now really upset , the animal panic and lash out in all direction , blast through tent , demolosh and / or set ablaze anything that get in its way . its considerable hindquarters slam into a park jeep , send it roll across the camp . the jeep flatten the large tent and slam down on its side . its break gas line sprays gas over the ground , the gas hit one of the dozen of small blaze the triceratop have leave in its wake , and the flame shoot up the ribbon of gas . the jeep explode . out in the jungle clearing , roland and Ajay , up in the tree , leap to they foot as a fireball rise up from the camp in the distance . roland what in God 's -- ! back in the camp , the rest of the newly - freed animal now storm through the camp . the blue laser barrier bounce crazily and go out as the send unit be trample underfoot by the flee animal . at the ridge of camp , Nick take advantage of the down laser to slip part the bordere of the camp and disappear into the jungle in one direction , while malcolm and Sarah vanish in the other . the burn tent , which be the equipment tent , now detonate in a series of smaller explosion . dieter and several other be knock to the ground by the series of concessive blast . he drag himself up onto all four , char and bruise . a burn tire roll slowly past he , spin to a stop -- -- at roland 's foot . dieter look up at he . roland last time I leave you in charge . out in the jungle , Nick break out into the jungle clear , the same one where Ajay and roland have they blind . he see the baby tyrannosaur chain to the stake . nick sick bastard . he go to the animal , which now bleat in pain , its break leg hang at a odd angle . with one strong tug , Nick pull the stake out of the ground . back in the camp , roland survey the destruction . the fire have spread and several tent be now tongue of flame flap in the air , the animal be go or go , and they personnel be scattered and terrify . peter ludlow , breathless , face smear with dirt , and smoke , stagger up to roland . ludlow what in Christ 's name be go on ?! roland be not it obvious ? he hold up the snipe padlock from one of the animal cage . nick ( cont would ) we be not alone on this island . CUT to : ext . jungle - night malcolm and sarah race back up onto the ridge trail , where the green aav be park . nick burst around from the other side of the car . sarah Nick , thank God , we do not know if -- malcolm open the rear door . nick wait , do not --- with a pierce shriek , the baby tyrannosaur , now in the back of the aav , fling itself at the open doorway , jaw snapping just short of malcolm 's nose . malcolm holy shit !! he slam the door . down in the hunter ' camp , roland hear the commotion up on the ridge and look up . roland do we have anyone up there ? back up on the ridge , malcolm be confront Nick . malcolm < U < you of out you >?! nick it have a break leg ! malcolm so do it a favor and put it out of its misery ! nick no ! get in the car before they hear we ! he run around and leap in the driver 's seat . Sarah slip into the passenger seat , quickly , leave malcolm no choice but the rear . CUT to : ext . jungle - night the aav slap through the jungle foliage . from inside the car , we can hear the baby tyrannosaur scream in anger . int . aav - night the baby writhes on the base seat next to malcolm , who have flatten himself against the door , as far away from the animal as possible . sarah Ian , close the window , it 's go to wake every predator in the jungle ! malcolm lean over the enraged animal and crank up its window . the tyrannosaur slashes with one of its powerful hind leg , rip the flesh of he forearm . he shout in pain . outside , the listen jungle whizze by . ext . high hide - night up in the high hide , eddie , dr . juttson , and kelly be stand watch , scan the jungle for any sign of they return comrade . juttson yank the night-vision binocular away from he face as he spot the aav , pull up to the base camp a couple hundred yard away . juttson there they be ! they all turn and look , but Eddie furrow he brow , watch they pull the wounded animal from the back seat . eddie what be that they have with they ? ext . camp - night sarah and nick carry the screeching baby tyrannosaur in they arm , head for the trailer . malcolm , hold he bleed arm , be not far behind . int . trailer - night sarah and nick bring the scream infant to the metal dining table and hold it down . malcolm be right behind they . malcolm this be exceedingly unwise . Sarah turn away from a drawer of medical supplies , hold a small syringe . her shirt be streak with blood from the baby 's injure leg . sarah too late to worry about that ! hold he together , Nick ! Nick tighten he grip on the animal and Sarah make a injection into its thigh , over its loudly voice objection . malcolm just do whatever you have to do and get it out of here as quickly as possible . Sarah pick up a small ultrasound transducer and run it over the animal 's leg . a green and white skeletal image appear on a monitor next to the table . sarah okay , there 's the metatarsal -- tibia , fibula -- there it be ! see it ? that 's a fracture , just above the epiphysis . they peer closely at the monitor . nick that little black line ? sarah that little black line mean death for this infant . the fibula will not heal straight , so the ankle joint can not pivot when he stand on he hind foot . the baby will not be able to run , and probably can not even walk . it will be crippled , and a predator will pick it off before it get more than a few week old . malcolm can you set up ? sarah ( think ) it have to be temporary , something that will break apart and fall off as the animal grow ... malcolm think fast , Sarah . the tyrannosaur , still in pain , shriek again . ext . high hide - night through they binocular , the rest of the group watch the trailer carefully . even inside , the animal 's screech be clearly audible . Kelly be get scared . kelly what be they do ? why do not they hurry ?! eddie give I the radio . from the trailer , the baby let out a long , plaintive shriek -- one by one , Eddie , Kelly , and juttson turn around and stare into the night jungle . int . trailer - night nick hold the animal while sarah fit a aluminum foil cuff around its injure leg and paint it with a coating of resin . malcolm , at the window , stare out anxiously . the animal thrashes again . nick give it more morphine ! sarah we will kill it with too much , we will put it into respiratory arrest ! I be almost do . damn it , I need another adhesive , something pliable I can -- her eye fall on Nick . she hold out she hand , urgently . sarah ( cont would ) spit ! he spit he bubblegum into the palm of she hand . the baby rex cry out again . ext . high hide - night from the sway jungle , there be another answer roar . and this one 's closer . in the high hide , the rest of the group stare , tremble . in the distance , a flock of bird shriek and take flight as the top of some tree move , a whole section of forest suddenly come alive , as if brush by wind . but it 's not the wind . they hear noise , thud in the jungle . and then another section of forest tremble . closer . another flock of bird burst out of the treetop and swarm past the high hide . kelly what be it ? Dr. juttson put a arm around Kelly , instinctively pull she closer to he . Eddie whisper urgently into the walkie-talkie . eddie Sarah , come in ! juttson it 's move . fast . int . trailer - night there be a radio box mount on the far wall of the trailer . the speaker buzy urgently with Eddie 's voice . eddie ( o.s. ) Sarah , malcolm , can you hear I ?! on the table , Sarah be frantically molding Nick 's bubblegum into place on the makeshift splint . but the baby rex , regain its strength , be thrashing again . sarah hold it down , Nick ! nick I be try ! eddie ( o.s. ) ( from the radio ) be anybody there ?! malcolm move to answer the radio , but Sarah shout to he . sarah Ian , get the bottle of amoxicillin and fill a syringe ! Quick injection of antibiotic and I can get it out of here ! forsake the radio , malcolm move to the medicine drawer and come up with what she want . work fast , he draw twenty cc 's of the pink liquid . eddie ( o.s. ) ( still from the radio , now desperate ) sarah or ian , answer I ! they ignore he as Sarah grab the syringe and make the injection . eddie ( 0.s. ) whatever you bring into the trailer , get it out now ! ext . high hide - night Eddie have give up on whisper as he clutches the radio desperately . eddie we estimate two large adult head in you direction ! I repeat -- int . trailer - night Nick , Sarah , and malcolm spin around at hearing that terrible piece of information . malcolm oh , Christ . he bolt over to the wall speaker and hit the button . malcolm ( cont would ) let I talk to Kelly , be she -- a deafen roar sound from just outside the trailer , follow immediately by a crashing sound . they whirl and look to the window , just in time to see -- -- _ the aav tumble by , roll on its side ! there be another roar , and the baby , on the table , roar in response . outside the window , the head of a full - grow tyrannosaurus rex lower and peer inside . malcolm , Sarah , and Nick all freeze in absolute terror . the rex outside gurgle , make material coo noise . the baby rex , calm for the first time , gurgle back . but across the trailer , in the opposite window , another t-rex head suddenly appear . this one roar , deeply , a roar so low and loud it rattles anything in the trailer that be not tie down . nick what do they want ?! malcolm what do you think they want ?! sarah that 's impossible , they can not have the sensory equipment to track it all the way here ! malcolm current evidence seem to be to the contrary , would not you say ?! give it to they ! Nick , hand shaking , grab the shoulder video camera he use earlier . he whip out the cassette that 's in there , hurl it into a open duffel bag with half a dozen other , slam a fresh cassette in , and flick the " on " switch . Sarah and malcolm , meanwhile , hurry to the other end of the trailer , carry the baby rex . outside , the two adult rexe stay with they , walk in the same direction , watch they through the window . ext . trailer - night see from outside , the light inside the trailer clearly illuminate Sarah and malcolm as they carry the bay rex . the adult rexe tower over the trailer , twice as tall and nearly as long . they walk slowly alongside it , hunch over , watch they infant . int . trailer - night at the door to the trailer , Sarah un - muzzle the frantic baby . sarah ready ? malcolm reach for the door handle . nick wait ! he dive down on the floor under they , point the video camera up at the door , get the best shot . malcolm take a breath , turn the knob , and throw open the door . outside , the enormous rex head pause for a moment , stare , surprised . although terrify , Sarah actually start to sing . sarah ( softly ) bear free , as free as the wind blow . as free as the grass grow -- malcolm be you insane ?! sarah I swear to God , it work with lion sometimes ! there we be -- you baby be free -- the baby , excited , wriggle free of they and land on the ground outside . not waste a second , malcolm slam the door shut . the three of they freeze , not dare to breath . outside , they can hear the snuffling and cooing of the animal as they inspect they young -- -- and then the soft thud of they footstep , grow fainter as they move away . from the wall , eddie' voice come over the radio , relieved . eddie they be go back into the jungle . CUT to : ext . high hide - night eddie , juttson , and kelly sag back against the railing of the high hide . eddie thank God . thank god. malcolm' voice come over the radio . malcolm ( 0.s. ) Kelly ? be you all right ? she take the radio , she voice shaky . kelly uh huh . CUT to : int . trailer - night malcolm be at the radio . malcolm wait there . I will come up ina minute . do not move , understand ? kelly ( 0.s. ) I understand . malcolm slump against the wall of the trailer . sarah and nick sit on the floor lean against the opposite wall , completely drain . Sarah pull out she pocket recorder and speak shakily into it . sarah note to Dr. juttson -- tyrannosaurus rex do nurture its young . they laugh weakly . nick there 's , uh -- there 's a unwritten rule when a news crew be in a war zone . you stop the van every two mile and decide whether or not to go on . whether or not you feel lucky . one " no " from anybody in the group and you turn around right there , no question ask , nobody embarrassed . ( pause ) well ? do we go on ? immediately : sarah no malcolm no nick no way . they all laugh . malcolm all right . I be satisfied with the evidence we have right now . I feel vindicate . John hammond will too . ( to Sarah ) do you have enough to publish ? sarah they will come after I . but I can collect some stool sample , for DNA with that , Nick 's tape , and the rest of you to back I up , it should stand when we get back . malcolm ( get up ) then the only thing leave to do be make sure we do get back . I will call the mainland on the satellite phone and have they send the boat right now . this expedition be over . he go to the desk and pick up the heavy gray satellite phone that 's rest in a battery pack . the front panel light up , a brilliant green . but from the wall speaker , the radio crackle and eddie' voice break through , soft and empty . eddie ( 0.s . ) oh , God . I be so sorry . malcolm and Sarah look at the speaker box . malcolm what the hell be he sorry f- a low rattle sneak into the trailer . malcolm , Sarah , and Nick take a step forward from the wall , look around . the rattle get louder , the trailer shake and vibrate , everything in it start to bang against the wall -- -- and something huge smashes into the side of the trailer . they be all throw against the far wall , there be a earsplit crack of electricity , the entire trailer rock and spark a brilliant blue , and then everything go black . the satellite phone fly out of malcolm 's hand and smack against the wall . it land on the floor , its number pad still glow green . Nick crawl over and look out one of the window . outside , the flank of one of the tyrannosaur wipe past the window , revealing the second tyrannosaur , charge straight at the trailer ! nick hang on to something ! they hurl themselves at the nearest solid object and hang on for dear life . the charge rex slam into the side of the trailer , which rock up on one side , bang back down , and be quickly rammed again by the furious animal . this time the entire trailer roll over , completely upside down . Sarah , Nick , and malcolm let go of they precarious handhold and drop onto the ceiling . the table , chair , lab equipment , everything that 's bolt down cling to the floor above they ; everything that be not rain down on they . but the rexe be not do . the trailer jolt into motion , slide forward . see from outside , the upside down trailer , which be the rear of the two trailer , slide along the muddy ground , push up earth in front of it . in the trailer , sarah they be push we ! malcolm , frantic , crawl up to a window to get a look outside . he look down and see a t-rex footprint in the earth outside as they move past it . he crank he head to get a look at the direction in which they be be push . his eye widen at something he see outside the window . malcolm oh , God . sarah what ?! malcolm they be push we over the cliff . sure enough , out the back window , we see a few more foot of muddy earth , and then nothing but inky black . the three of they look at each other for a moment -- -- and then crawl like hell toward the other end of the trailer . the opposite end reach the edge of the cliff and start up to tip ever - so-slightly downward . they reach the accordion - like connector and malcolm crawl into it . through the windshield of the front trailer , which be right - side - up , malcolm can see the two rexe hard at it , push the front end of the trailer . in the rear trailer , Nick have a pretty good grip at the top of the trailer , but Sarah can only cling to a air vent in the ceiling as stuff start to roll and tumble past she , head downhill . the angle increase , the trailer dip , and now stuff start to freefall , right past she , some smashing she in the head . malcolm , still in the connect tube , grab hold . Sarah , start to be pull downward , paw at the refrigerator , get a g rip on the handle . the door , hold by a safety latch , do not open . below Sarah , debris fall to the rear window of the trailer . through the cracking glass , we can see the surf , crashing five hundred foot below . the refrigerator bolt suddenly crunch free of the wall . the box strain on its power cord . still cling to the handle , Sarah swing wildly as it start to come loose , sway above she . the safety latch on the door give , it swing open , and a shower of food bang off of she as gravity empty the content . Sarah lose she grip and plummet through the now-vertical trailer . she scream , cover she head , and smashes into the rear window . the glass spiderweb , but do not break . five hundre feet below , a enormous wave pound the rocky shore . above , Sarah be a tiny figure , sprawle out on the glass , hold invisibly by the break window . in the trailer , Nick shout to she . nick sarah ! don't move ! Sarah , stunne by the fall , blink a few time , regain she sense . she look down , at the crash surf so far below . for a person with a fear of height , this be a real drag . as she stare , the rock seem to move even farther away from she . she blanch ; the world spin around she . sarah oh ... GOD ... please ... her breath fog the crack glass . slowly , she try to get up , caaaaaarefully pull herself up to she hand and knee . but as she put pressure on she hand , the glass crack even more , tiny spiderweb shoot out around she finger . the whole glass panel sag , bow out around the bottom of the trailer . up above her , malcolm look down and see the satellite phone precariously balanced on one leg of the kitchen table , its number pad still glow green . Nick be close to it . malcolm Nick ! grab the phone ! sarah look to she right , at a metal grate that run along the wall of the trailer . she shift she weight , lean on one hand to reach for the grate with the other . nick reach for the satellite phone , its antenna just six inch from he outstretch finger . sarah lean toward the metal grate , all hairline crack shoot out around she pivot hand , shaking through the glass . the splinter glass spread like a disease , it reach the edge of the frame -- -- and she hand crack right through the glass . she gasp and pull she hand out , but now she knee smash through the glass . nick have two finger on the phone , but suddenly the whole trailer shudder and the heavy phone tip off the table leg and fall . nick sarah look out ! sarah lunge for the metal grate and cling to it just as the heavy phone whizze past she head and smashes into the glass , open up a huge hole in the center of the back window . underneath the trailer , glass , food , lab equipment , and the precious satellite phone fall out the break window and smash on the rock far below . in the cleaning , the trailer be split , like a L , the rear trailer hang straight down , the forward one rest on the edge of the cliff . satisfied with they work , the t-rex turn and lumber back into the jungle . in the trailer , Sarah climb carefully up the metal grate . above she , Nick lower himself as far as he can , reach for she . on the cliffside , we realize the hang trailer halt its descent because one corner of it be wedge in the branch of a tree that grow out from the muddy cliff . but now that branch splinter . in the trailer , malcolm see the bellow , the connector between the trailer , stretch as the lower trailer jerk and dip lower . below he , Sarah mountain - climb through the trailer 's kitchen , inadvertently kick the faucet on as she struggle for purchase . outside , the tree branch snap and the trailer jerk , stretch down again . the bellow expands to its full length , stretch like a slinky . inside , Nick know he have to hurry . he climb down , bounce off the build - in furniture , move ever closer to Sarah . but Sarah slip and lose she grip , drop a few foot . she gab hold of the sink , the flow water spraying she face . ext . jungle - night eddie carr be in the driver 's seat of the jeep , racing through the jungle as fast as he can . eddie hang on -- hang on -- the foliage smack the windshield , then clear suddenly , revealing the endangered trailer on the cliffside ahead of he . the jeep bounce through the deep footprint leave by the rex and skid to a halt . int . trailer - night Sarah lose she grip on the sink and fall , smashing into the frame of the half - break rear window again . outside , Eddie bolt out of the car and run to the front trailer . he shout in through the break front window . eddie hey ! hello ?! in the rear trailer , the three look up from they precarious position . malcolm we're in here ! get some rope ! outside , Eddie turn and run back to the jeep . he grab a coil of rope , secure one end around a tree , and hurry back to the trailer . in the rear trailer , Eddie dash over the mess in the front trailer and crawl out into the extend connector . he peer over the edge , down into the second trailer , and toss the rope . eddie catch ! the rope fall through the center of the trailer , its end dangle all the way out the smashed rear window . but the trailer shudder , start to move again . sarah we be slide ! eddie climb up if you can ! outside , Eddie run out of the trailer in time to see the wheel drag forward through the mud as the weight of the dangle trailer pull the whole thing toward the edge of the cliff . he run for the jeep and grab hold of the power winch on the front grill . behind he , the trailer roll closer to the edge of the cliff . Eddie race back to the trailer , pull out a length of cable behind he . he run up to the still - move trailer , dive for its towing hook , the cable go taut -- -- and he fall short . just by six inch , but he 's out of cable . eddie damn it ! inside the trailer , Nick and Sarah be now together , cling to the rope near the bottom of the trailer as it shift around they . malcolm be further up , also cling to the rope . outside , dirt and rock pile up around the wheel and spill over the edge of the cliff . Eddie , back at the jeep , reel out more winch cable . he turn and race back to the trailer just as gravity start to lift the front end off the ground ! Eddie dive again , and this time the cable hook click securely into the trailer 's towing hook . the trailer lurch toward the edge of the cliff and stop . but the jeep be jerk forward by the sudden pressure . in the trailer , malcolm cling to the rope in the middle of the trailer while Nick and Sarah try to struggle up it , but a sudden dig knock they back , and they hand slide down the line . scream , they slide through the trailer and they foot smash through the remain of the rear window . regain hold of the rope at the very end , the two of they now find themselves hang out of the rear end of the trailer , dangle over the rocky shore below . in the jeep , Eddie hit the gas and the tire slosh in the mud , try to get a grip . the jeep pull just enough to lower the front trailer back to earth . but the tire spin , fight to hold it there . on the cliffside Sarah and Nick dangle , desperate . in the jeep Eddie chunks the shifter into four wheel drive and gun the engine . as the motor roar , the sound be top by another roar , in the distance . and this one 's not a machine . but Eddie do not hear it . he gun the engine again . there be another roar from the jungle . Eddie hear this one . he dart a look at the side view mirror . in it , he see one of the tyrannosaurs bolt out of the jungle behind he . he gasp and look at the other side view . in it , he see the other rex racing toward he . the tyrannosaur stomp forward to confront the roaring jeep . the first rex bend over , chomp down on the rear tire , and lift the car to its tooth . but the spin tire ling in the rex 's mouth , burn it . surprise by the fight in this foe , the rex lose its grip and the jeep bang back down onto the ground . Eddie , horrify , dive down under the steering wheel , to get away . the gas pedal pop up -- -- which make the trailer pitch over the side of the cliff . but the rex stomp down on the jeep to prevent its escape . the trailer stop . now the rexe lean down , over the jeep , and focus on Eddie , who still cover under the steering wheel . the first rex snap at he , hit the steering column with it , leave Eddie fully expose . he scream and the second rex lash in , seize he in its tooth and toss he out of the car . Eddie pop up into the air between the two rexe , both they head flash at he at the same time , and in a split -second , he disappear between they tooth . now completely ignore , the jeep roll freely forward and the trailer drop over the edge of the cliff . inside the trailer , Nick , Sarah and malcolm cling to each other and the rope as the trailer fall around they . the window flash by as the trailer plummet , equipment bang and scrape they , but they hold on to the rope , still tie to the tree , for dear life . on the cliffside , the trailer slide the rest of the way , expose the three , who pop out the space where the front windshield be . dangle from the rope , they look up and see the jeep , which be now roll to the edge of the cliff . it fall , past they , and the whole mess explode on the rock below . finally , it be silent , except for the sound of the surf . ext . clearing - night it 's quiet up here too , the rexe nowhere to be see . at the cliff , a hand appear from over the edge . then another . sarah pull herself up , back onto solid ground , then come nick , then both of they reach over and help malcolm up over the edge . they collapse there , in the mud , completely exhaust . malcolm ( softly ) Eddie ? he look at the other two . they glance around , then drop they head . Sarah hear a SOUND in the distance . sarah oh , God . now what ? from the edge of the jungle , a cris-cross of flashlight beam move toward they . but rather than the three or four that would signify they own group , there be nearly twenty of they . the hunter , peter ludlow be in the lead , roland and ajay with he . dieter be there too , shepherd kelly and dr . juttson along in front of he . malcolm see Kelly , they call out to each other , and race together . malcolm fall to he knee and hug she as tightly as he possibly can . malcolm be you all right ?! anything break ? kelly I be fine , I be fine , I be scared , I think you , be you okay ?! malcolm I be fine ... I be fine ... roland look around , at the mess that be they base camp . roland ( mostly to himself ) that 's what you think . CUT to : ext . ruined base camp - night in the ruin of the first team 's base camp , the survivor of the night 's two separate catastrophes stand face to face , ina heat argument . malcolm sit off to the side , still hold Kelly in he arm , just look down at the ground and shaking he head . there 's something about he posture of defeat that be far more ominous than any of the hot temper that be flaring . ludlow rant to sarah while dieter loom menacingly over nick . ludlow trespass , sabotage -- you could go to jail just for be here , do you know that ? sarah do not start a legal argument with I , this island be not you property , and neither be this animal ! dr . juttson have encounter dr . burke . juttson what be you do here , burke ? there 's no tv camera , what 's the point ? burke Dr. juttson , you exist outside the classroom . I be amaze . dieter continue to get in Nick 's face . nick be you look for a problem ? juttson ( a urgent whisper ) everyone , keep you voice down ! roland back off , dieter . juttson listen to I , by move the baby rex into we camp , we change the adult ' perceive territory ! ludlow they what ? sarah ( she understand ) oh , God . juttson that 's why they persist in destroy the trailer , they now feel they have to defend this entire area ! we be not safe here . ludlow ( of Sarah and Nick ) thanks to you people . sarah hey , we come here to observe , you come here to strip-mine the place ! it 's a looter mentality , all you care about be what you can take . roland none of that matter . we communication equipment 's be destroy . if you radio and satellite phone be in that trailer that go off the cliff , and I be guess by the look on he face -- — he point at malcolm , who be still off to the side , sit in stunne silence . malcolm look up and nod , slowly . the grimness of they situation sink in . roland ( cont would ) we be stick here , lady and gentleman . and we be stick together . CUT to : ext . hunter ' camp - night back in the hunter ' now - demolish camp , member of the two group combine they diminish supplies . they have half a dozen large plastic container of water , thirty - seven container of food , range from Ziploc bag to aluminum tin , a variety of weapon , mot of they borne on the hip or shoulder of the hunter team , the char and scraggly remnant of several piece of now - useless electrical equipment , a flare gun and several flare , somebody 's tatter paperback ( " crime and punishment " ) , a box of hershey bar , and a cartoon of marlboros . roland supervise the assemble of the resource , which be display in front of he . ludlow , nick , sarah , juttson , and malcolm , who be still hold kelly close to he , be with he . they hold they discussion in quiet tone . roland if we can not stay in the rex 's territory , we have to move tonight . sarah move where ? we boat 's not come for two day , you airlift be wait for a order you have no way to send -- ludlow refer to the char and trample satellite photograph of the island , which be still mostly legible . ludlow there 's a communication center , here , in the old worker village . hammond put in some kind of renewable power source replenishing . it may still work . if we could get there , we could send a radio call for the airlift . nick how far be the village ? ludlow I say if we could get there . nick well , how far be it ? ludlow a day 's walk , maybe more . that 's not the problem . roland what be ? ludlow the velociraptor . malcolm look up sharply . ludlow ( cont would ) we infrared show they nest site be concentrate in the island interior . that 's why we plan on keep to the outer rim . malcolm shepherd Kelly away from the conversation and mutter something to she quietly in the background . dieter what be velociraptor ? juttson carnivore . pack hunter . about six foot long , three or four hundred pound , and very , very fast . dieter brandish he weapon . dieter I think we can handle ourselves against they . malcolm rejoin the conversation , alone . he keep he voice low . malcolm no . I be quite certain you can not . roland look , we have two choice . we can hike back down to the lagoon , where we can sit for two day , in the open , next to a heavily use water source while we be wait for you boat to arrive , or we can head for the village , where we might find some shelter and we can call for help . malcolm we would never make it past the raptor . trust I , I have some experience in this matter . roland look at he . roland that may be . but you be not with I at the time . malcolm just shake he head , then turn and walk back to Kelly . roland turn to the other . roland ( cont would ) load up . let 's get this moveable feast underway . CUT to : ext . island - night the survivor set forth , march through the jungle in a column . two hunter strap on small shoulder - mount servo-flashlights . wire run from the light end in sensor pad which they stick to the skin of they neck . thus attach , when the hunter turn they head , the servo-lights turn with they , illuminate whatever direction they look in . malcolm screw the barrel into the lindstradt rifle and sling it over he shoulder as he march , limping heavily . he look down at kelly , who be march alongside he . his face show the deep of regret . he shake he head , cursing himself . malcolm damn it . he look away as Kelly look up at he , question . roland fall into step with malcolm and notice he limp . roland you all right ? malcolm look at he , then look away without answer . roland ( cont would ) wrong question ? malcolm you ever hear of gambler 's ruin ? roland what 's that ? malcolm a statistical phenomenon . say everything in the world go in streak . it 's real , you see it everywhere -- in weather , in river flooding , in baseball , in blackjack , in stock market . once thing go bad , they tend to stay bad . bad thing cluster . they go to hell together . roland feeling a bit blue , be we ? malcolm glance at Kelly , who have take a slightly faster pace and be a few step ahead of they now . malcolm just -- flaw . very deeply flaw . roland why do you come here ? malcolm so that other would know about this place ? roland why should they ? malcolm because it exist . roland it will still exit if they go on not know , will not it ? malcolm yes . and people will live in the absence of truth . roland so the truth be more important to you than you life ? malcolm ( lower be voice ) I do not care about my life . but if I would ever think for a second that she would be in danger -- roland follow he gaze forward , to Kelly , who 's about ten yard ahead now . roland she yours ? ahead of they , Kelly can hear they voice , faint , but clear . they be not as far away as they think they be . malcolm ( 0.s. ) I be afraid so . I do not know what the hell I be do with kid . I never should have have she . Kelly 's face show she hear that part . behind her , malcolm , unaware , continue with roland . malcolm ( cont would ) why be you here ? roland somewhere on this island , there exit the great predator that ever live . and the second great predator must take he down . malcolm but why ? roland you remember that guy , about twenty year ago , I forget he name , but he climb everest without any oxygen , come down almost dead . and they ask he , " why do you go up there to die ? " and he say " I do not . I go up there to live . " malcolm ( nod ) it 's call self - testing . but in you case , it sound more like self - destruction . a uniquely human characteristic . in fact , human being destroy thing so well that I sometimes think that 's we function . maybe every few son , some animal come along that kill off the rest of the world , clear the deck , and let evolution proceed to he next phase . maybe death and destruction be we job , maybe we be suppose to destroy ourselves and every other live thing that - every person on the trail within earshot have stop and be stare at malcolm , shake by he word . roland grab malcolm by the shirt collar and pull he close , growling in he ear . roland tell you what . you can see whatever you want to , to I , but you will not spew any more nihilist rant at anyone else in the group . I be fight panic , and you push the wrong button . understand ? malcolm just blink . this guy 's in charge . CUT to : ext . jungle - dawn as a purple dawn dissolves the night sky , the survivor stagger on , exhaust . some be start to tire , and there be space in the column . malcolm 's limp seem to be get worse . nick reach out , to take malcolm 's pack , but malcolm swat he hand away . kelly , still ahead of he , fall into step with sarah . kelly I do not think -- my dad do not think we be go to make it . Sarah look at she . sarah you dad be wrong . about a lot more than he know . she put a arm around she . Kelly look up at she , grateful . the long march continue . up at the front , nick catch up to roland . nick I think you should call a break . roland another half hour . nick some of they will not make another half hour . we do not come this far to start drop in the middle of the jungle . i£ you do not call it , I will . roland look at he , steely , then shout to the group . roland five minute break ! immediately , the marcher drop where they stand , absolutely drain . at the rear of the group , drs . burke and juttson be bicker . juttson I can not believe you be still angry about that . burke you know , it 's very easy to criticize the first person who study something . juttson no , it 's easy to criticize sloppy research and hasty conclusion . nearby , malcolm check Nick 's bag of videotape , make sure they be still dry and undamage . Sarah come up , watch he . sarah you know , even if we do get that tape back , people be go to say it 's just another hoax . Ian malcolm 's alien autopsy . malcolm maybe . maybe not . sarah Ian , they will misplace we evidence , shoot hole in we testimony , and say some special effect genius create the animal . the only way people will ever believe that dinosaur exist be if you dump a t-rex in the middle of time Square . he do not look at she . she sit down beside she . sarah ( cont would ) there 's something more important that you should be think about instead . behind they , Dr. burke , furious , have stalk away from juttson and sit down on a rock . h do a double take , notice something behind the rock . he lean over and pick it up . it 's a oval shape about eight inch long , with a pebble exterior . a dinosaur egg . burke 's face light up , fascinate , and he carefully piece the egg in a satchel he wear over one shoulder . at the rear of the group , dieter stark pull a wad of toilet paper from he pack , drop the pack on the ground , and turn to the Hunter nearest he -- carter , he driver , who have he back turn . dieter wait here for I , would ya Carter ? he step off the path , into the jungle . but as we come around the front of Carter , we see he 's wear a walkman , the headphone blaring tinnily in he ear . and he do not hear a word . ext . thick of the jungle - day only a few foot off the path , it 's primary forest , the growth so thick that almost all sunlight be obscure . dieter claw forward until he find a suitable spot to relieve himself . he clear away a bunch of leave and debris and raise he hand to he belt buckle . he freeze , hearing something we do not . he glance around , head darting , alert to any danger . nothing there . just a few distant animal call -- -- and 's scurry around to he leave . dieter snap he head in that direction . at first , he see nothing , but as he move closer , gun extend in front of he , he see a small dinosaur , a compsograthus , the same chicken -size animal Cathy see on the beach so long ago . dieter it 's not polite to -- he pull the steel rod out of a loop in he belt and touch it to the compy 's back . the blue bolt of electricity crack and dance over the compy 's body and it convulse in pain . dieter ( cont would ) -- sneak up on people . the wounded compsognathus scurries back into the jungle , whimper . dieter clamber through the foliage ten or twelve pace , push aside two large palm frond , and step out into -- -- more jungle . he stop , puzzle , not sure if he go back or forward . he look behind he . he pause , recalculate the path he take come into the jungle , muttering to himself , gesture with he hand , retrace he step . he adjust he angle slightly to the right and head off in that direction . but after five or six hard - fight step , he stop again . still nothing but jungle . dieter hey ! carter ! yell or something , I got turned around in here ! on the trail , dieter 's cry be faint , but audible . the only marcher hear enough to hear he be carter , but the walkman be blaring in he ear . dieter ( o.s. ) ... Carter ... I ?... in the jungle , dieter hear that scurry sound again , this time from he right . he adjust he angle again and scrape through the foliage , move faster and faster . panick , he tie to run , but the root rise high out of the ground in the jungle , and he trip on one and fall flat on he face . he look up . the scurry sound come again , this time ten time louder than before , like a hundred foot come at he . dieter gasp as something rush in at he . he whirl to he right . whatever it be rush in from that side as well . and the leave . and behind he . dieter scramble up into a sit position -- -- and laugh . he be surround by at least forty compy now , the same as the one he wounded . for a long moment , they just stare at he . slowly , he bring he gun around , to point it at they . dieter easy -- wait -- one more sec - as one , the compy shriek and hurl themselves forward , cover dieter 's body . they tooth and claw flash as they each try to grab a scrap of he flesh , tear savagely . dieter scream and flail , wave he arm and leg wildly . some of the tiny animal lose they grip and sail off , smashing into tree or the ground . but dozen of other hang on , and dieter fall over backwards , now lie on he back on the ground . hysterical , he fight like hell to get to he foot , scream , shaking , swatting the compy loose . he spin , and that tactic seem to work , as the compy themselves begin to panic and drop off of he . but he also lose he grip on he weapon , which go fly , landing in the thick foliage five or six foot from he . lose the attack , the compy turn and dart away en masse , stop ten yard away from he . but they turn and regroup , face he in a line , hopping up and down , chirping and shrieking . dieter bound into the foliage , look for he gun . but the compy follow he in and he 's force to flee , abandon he lose weapon . ten foot on , he stop , know he 's screw without the gun . he turn to face the pursue compy . they stop . dieter charge they , shout , wave he arm . the compy turn and run . dieter stop . the compy stop . they stare back at he . there be a moment of quiet , then they start to hop again , chirping and squealing . dieter , tired of this game , turn and run away . the compy follow . ext . jungle - day from the front of the convoy , roland shout out . roland break 's over , move on ! the exhaust marcher drag themselves back to they foot and start to march again . at the rear of the group , someone tap Carter , who be still listen to he music . Carter get up , hoist he backpack , and march away . behind he , dieter 's pack be leave , forget , on the jungle trail . ext . deep in the jungle - day dieter stumble along , exhaust . he reach the edge of a stream that run under the foliage , and he foot slip on the stone . he fall , into the rocky stream . behind he , the army of compy pour over the little hill he just crest . they disappear for a moment , down a incline -- -- and then swarm over he body . in a frenzy of splash , dieter shrug they off and crawl away , through the stream . he get to he foot but fall again , this time over a log . a geyser of water splashes up in the air behind the log as dieter drop out of sight . the compy leap over the log and disappear from view too , throw up they own splashes of water . screeching , chirping , and the sound of tearing flesh mix with dieter 's scream . now , as more compy leap over the log and splash into the water below , the geyser that shoot up into we field of view be pink . and then they be a deep , deep red . CUT to : ext . jungle - day the group have stop again . near the rear , sarah , nick , malcolm , ludlow , and roland be in a tense conversation with carter . roland how long ago be this ? carter Seven , eight minute . roland look at they , think . finally : roland then he 's dead . nobody tell the little girl . last thing we need be scream hysterics . he turn and head back to the front of the column . sarah we have to send someone to look for he ! roland you go if you like , but we be not wait for you . move it out !! they look at each other , appal , but the column start to move . numbed , shocked , but leave with no choice , they move on , one by one . CUT to : ext . island ridge - dusk the column of marcher have finally reach the island ridge , where they be silhouett against the set sun . they be take a break , sprawle out on rock or over the ground . malcolm sit next to kelly , who 's sit on a log . malcolm you okay ? she do not look at he , just get up and walk away , go to sit over next to sarah . malcolm watch , pain , but Sarah put a arm around she and make a " she 's okay " gesture to malcolm . at the ridge , roland step up to the very edge and peer into the island interior . from he vantage point , he 's able to see all the way to the far side of the island , a rim of herd black cliff , mile away . between here and the cliff there be nothing but gently undulate jungle . he refer to one of the satellite recon photo . roland look like the worker village be down in there , about a mile and a half northeast from the base of this cliff . malcolm be next to he . malcolm there must be a game trail , some kind of path that go down there . roland look around at the exhaust marcher . roland they will have to rest before we look for it . eat. sleep . two hour . then we hit it . CUT to : ext . campsite - night the group have make camp in the jungle . the mood be somber , most of the marcher asleep already . Three or four tent have be put up . in one tent , kelly sit quietly in a corner , she eye wide , knee hugge up to he chest . sarah come in . sarah there you be . you dad 's look for you . kelly I doubt that . Sarah take off she outer shirt and hang it over a bar to dry the broad red smear across its front . sarah oh , come on . go talk to he . kelly why ? he like to be alone . I can stay with you . in the campsite , all be still . the nocturnal jungle hoot and buzy around the sleep marcher . in he tent , roland abruptly sit up . as if he hear something . he look out the open flap . in the middle of the campsite , he see ajay stop in he track , head cocked . roland get up and go outside , join Ajay in the middle of the camp . roland you hear something ? ajay no . I feel something . roland look at he . this be not so good . he look out at the shifting jungle . he notice a thin plume of smoke rise up over the tree just barely outside the edge of camp . roland oh , no . in sarah' tent , Kelly and Sarah have laid down on top of sleep bag , try to get a few minute ' rest . Sarah 's shirt hang over they , sway in the gentle breeze come through the open flap . as the shirt dangle there , swinging softly from side to side , we notice the broad red smear across the front . oh , that 's right -- it 's blood . the baby t-rex 's blood . at the ridge of camp , the thin plume of smoke lead down to a tiny cooking fire that 's be light by dr . burke . he 's set a small fry pan on top of it , and now he crack the dinosaur egg he pick up earlier into the pan . roland and Ajay run up behind he . roland ( hiss ) be you out of you mind ?! burke leap out of the way as roland kick dirt on the fire . bmbb ! roland , Ajay , and burke all freeze . what be that ? in sarah' tent , Sarah and Kelly sit up . they feel it too . bmbb ! at the cocking FIRE , roland get my weapon . Ajay turn and trot away a few step , then stop cold , stare down at the ground . bmbb ! a recent rain have all leave puddle scattered around the camp , and impact tremor now create ripple in the puddle -- concentric circle spread to the outer edge . bmbb ! in sarah' tent , Sarah and Kelly be frantically sealing up any open food into Ziploc bag . bmbb ! now they leap into Sarah 's sleep bag , to seal themselves , and draw the zipper up , all the way around . outside , the silhouette of the rex 's head pass by the tent . Sarah work faster , she finger struggle to close the last few inch , but -- -- the rex head poke through the flap of the tent . it sniff , snorting the air in and out . it look around the tent . it sniff Sarah 's hang shirt , the one that be stain with the blood of the baby tyrannosaur . the adult tyrannosaur gurgle again , cooing and cock its head curiously . in the sleep bag , Sarah and Kelly 's eye be barely visible , wide in panic . the rex sniff and nudge the bag , try to figure out what this thing be . it roll the bag over once , decide it 's uninteresting , and then rise , straight up -- -- take the whole tent with it ! the stake pop out of the ground as the tent rise high up into the air and flutter away , leave the sleep bag fully expose on the ground beneath it . in the campsite , the second tyrannosaur now step out of the jungle , join the first . panic hit the camp as the sleep hunter wake up . many of they start to run . roland scramble toward he tent , where he can see he weapon lie near the open flap . as he draw close , a enormous t-rex foot stomp down on the tent , drive the rifle deep into the mud . roland , weaponless , stand freeze , watch as the panicked hunters flee in all direction . roland for christ sake , don't run ! but they ignore he , sweeping he up in the wave of flushed prey that pour across the campsite . some toss random and ill-aime gunshot back at the rexe . across the campsite , nick burst out of the crowd , see Kelly and Sarah struggle to get out of the sleep bag , and grab each by a arm . he rip they to they foot and sweep they off ahead of he , into the jungle . in the middle of the crowd , malcolm , blink back sleep , stand a good head above the rest of the panic crowd . frantically , he scan the group . malcolm kelly ? keeeeellly ?! but he can not see she . at the edge of camp , the two rexe join force , herding the flee hunters into a narrow ravine . up on a rock race , roland scramble up a steep rock face . no way in hell he 's go down that ravine . he see malcolm , still in the middle of the camp , start to head for the ravine . roland malcolm ! over here ! malcolm run over and hurl himself at the rock face , scramble to climb up the smooth , steep boulder . behind he , one of the rexe spot he and lunge across the camp toward he . roland ( cont would ) faster ! ! malcolm give it everything he 's get , claw he way up the rock face -- -- and rex draw closer and pounce at he leg -- -- and roland reach down , grab malcolm by the hair and pull he up , out of the rex 's grasp . the rex fall short , but he 's close enough that we can hear he tooth SNAP together , close around nothing but air . it turn , see easier prey in the flee hunters , and take off after they . malcolm land on top of the rock ledge with a crunch . roland unceremoniously dump a fistful of hair in he lap . in the ravine , Kelly , in the middle of the flee crowd with Sarah and Nick , hear she father scream she name and look up . malcolm and roland be on the rock ridge above they , keep pace . malcolm ( shouting ) kelly , up here ! but Kelly continue to flee , as the rexe be in the ravine now , and draw closer to the group . some hunters try to leap up and scale the rock , but the ravine be deepen , there 's no way out . one rex grab hold of a Hunter in its tooth and hurl he against the rock face . the second rex pick up another Hunter and snap its massive head leave and right quickly , to break its victim 's neck . the Hunter go fly forward and crash into -- -- carter , dieter 's driver , who stumble and fall . the rest of the flee human run around or over he , but when the rex lift its foot , we see Carter be actually stick to the bottom of it -- -- and when the animal take its next step it crush he into the earth . up on th rock face , malcolm be frantic . malcolm I gotta get down there ! down in the ravine , it 's obvious no one be go to outrun the rexe , and Nick know it . he burst ahead of Sarah and Kelly and spot something off to he leave . it 's a waterfall , apparently right in front of a sheer rock face . but there 's something about the way the water be fall that tell he something . nick sarah kelly come here ! he grab each of they and haul they forward , run straight at the waterfall . apparently , he intend to jump right into the rock , and he 's drag they along with he . sarah what be you - nick jump ! the three of they spring right at the waterfall and disappear through the water . dr . burke , flee along with everyone else , be watch as they vanish . behind the waterfall , there be a small recess , which be what Nick have hope for . it 's small , only four or five foot deep , but it 's just enough for he , Sarah , and Kelly to cover behind the flow water . breathless , terrify , they can hear the mayhem outside . nick shhhh ... shhhh ... with a enormous splash , something burst through the cascade water and crash into they . Dr. burke . burke get out of the way ! he pull he way up against the far wall , as far away from the water as he can . foooom ! now another shape burst through the watery curtain . a tyrannosaur head . burke give away the hide spot . the four scream as the rex 's jaw SNAP leave and right , search for they , fall just inch short . they squeeze as far back against the wall as they can get . the rex can not quite get its head all the way through the open -- -- so it use its tongue . a long , dark blue shape slither out of its mouth and touch the human , try to wrap around they , to pull they out of the cave . burke , blind with panic , force himself even further into the cave , which push Kelly further out . sarah stop it you're pushed her out stop it ! but burke do not listen , throw elbow to make room for himself . his movement dislodge a portion of muddy earth , and a flurry of enormous cockroach , eight or nine inch long each , pour out of the wall and swarm over he face and neck . burke scream and instinctively leap away , toward the flow water . and that 's all the leverage the rex need . it curl its tongue , wrapping burke up in it and pull he between its tooth . scream hideously , he be drag out , through the waterfall , and disappear . Sarah , Nick , and Kelly stare in horror as the white screen of water turn pink . up on the rock face , malcolm and roland see the rex walk away from the waterfall with burke , leave the hide place unmolested . malcolm be nearly hysterical . roland she 's okay ! they will stay in there , she 's okay ! in a jungle clearing , route hunters emerge from the gully at the edge of he jungle . ahead of they , there be a large open plain cover by long " elephant " grass . ajay , run along with they , stop abruptly at the edge of the grass , shout to the other . away no ! don 't go into the long grass ! not in the frenzy , they ignore he . behind Ajay , the enormous shadow of the two pursue tyrannosaur stop as well , hold up at the edge of the jungle . Ajay , tear between a sense of responsibility and he better judgement , opt for the former and race into the grass after the other hunters , wave he arm . up above they , roland and malcolm come out onto a rocky ledge that have a view of the plain below . roland can see the hunters leave trail as they plow through the grass . roland elephant grass ! on the plain , the group of hunters wade into the middle of the long grass . one of they stop and turn , look back at the jungle tree . hunter they give up ! they be not chase we ! there be cheer , sigh of relief . in the distance , ajay's voice can be hear , faintly call to they to come back . up on the rock in the distance , they can see roland , wave he arm madly . but in the giddiness of they escape , they pay it no mind . they continue plow into the high grass , anything to get further away from the tyrannosaur . about fifty yard away , the top of three animal head rise up slowly , backlit by the full moon . in the distance , the head can seethe Hunter party . the head descend , back into the grass . back with the hunter , they continue forward , oblivious . now behind they , four more head rise up in the grass . as then descend . on all side of the hunters , the grass ripple as animal move forward toward they , undetected , inexorable as torpedoe . and this torpedoe be on target . one Hunter be suddenly drag down , yank silently below the surface of the tall grass . in he place , a long , lizard - like tail rise up as the animal drop its head to make the kill . behind he , two more hunters be take down , and two more animal tail rise up in they place . a Hunter ahead hear the rustling and turn . his face turn white as , behind he -- -- a velociraptor spring out of the grass . velociraptor run upright on its powerfully muscle hind leg , the second tow of each foot bear a extra-large curve claw , carry in a retract position , with which it slashes on attack . like now . this raptor snarl and slam into the body of the Hunter , take he down . a feed frenzy ensue . the hunters run in all direction , but be pull down and vanish into the twitching long grass . another raptor enter from the right , leap high into the air , past the full moon , slam into the chest of more human prey , and take he down , into the grass . behind they , Ajay 's face fall , defeat . he look around , realize he too be now strand in the middle of the long grass . around he , four torpedo trail head straight for he . Ajay simply close he eye . up on the rock , roland turn away from the carnage , pain . CUT to : ext . ruined campsite - night sarah , malcolm , kelly , nick , roland , dr . juttson , and peter ludlow stand in the ruin of they campsite , they rank decimate , spirit shattered . roland be at the hole in the ground where he tent once be . he have pull he .800 nitro Express from the mud and more or less clean it , now he 's check the load . Kelly , nearly catatonic with fear , cling to Sarah , and it do not look as if she will ever let go . malcolm , who be on he knee pick through the wreckage of a tent , look over at they , but Sarah wave he off -- " she 's okay . " roland appear , stand over the group . he look at malcolm , who have find the lindstradt rifle , intact . roland how many round do you find for that weapon ? malcolm four , count the one in the chamber . roland do not let it out of you hand again . ( to Sara , but look at Kelly ) can the kid walk ? sarah ask she . roland can the kid walk ? kelly I can . I can walk . while he address the group , roland strap on one of the servo-lights , the shoulder - mount flashlight that follow you gaze . roland we be go to find a path down into the interior of the island . load up whatever you think you need , and I mean need . if you can not carry it indefinitely , do not bring it . we will hit the worker village in a couple hour and be out of here before dawn . at the edge of camp , roland bend over one of the three - to footprint leave by the rex . behind he , the rest of the group be pack up , slinging the remnant of they equipment over they shoulder . roland bend over and sniff the footprint . it 's fill with a liquid of some kind . he take he canteen , dump the remain water into the ground , and plunge the canteen into the footprint , fill it . ludlow hover over he shoulder . ludlow what be that ? roland piss . ludlow do not ask . now at the FIRE , roland stare down at the ash of the cooking fire that lead to such disaster . he grab a handful of the ash and shove it in he pants pocket . CUT to : ext . valley of death - night roland and ludlow ( who , along with Sarah and malcolm , be also wear a servo- light now ) maneuver down a rugge hillside and come out in a flatten area . ludlow gasp , look ahead in wonderment . malcolm break through the hillside 's foliage a moment later . he too stare in amazement . sarah and kelly come next , then nick , then juttson . one by one , they all stop and stare . sarah God help we . they be stand in a flat , sandy area line with boulder at the side . the flat area stretch fifty yard from side to side and as far as they can see ahead . but that 's not what amaze they so . everywhere , the sand be dot with dinosaur skeleton . some be huge , apatosaur , sixty foot from head to tail tip . other be smaller , herbivore of many different kind . the more intact skeleton lie on they side , they ribcage arc of pale bone . but just as many have be rip apart , bit of carcass toss in every direction . nick I do not feel lucky . roland keep move . they march on , tiny figure move among the mountainous skeleton by the light of the full moon . roland notice one carcass in particular , a recent kill . it 's a enormous hadrosaur with fresh bite take out of it . he bend down , study the soft earth around it for footprint . further on , malcolm look up , notice the bony shape around they , which fall in heavy shadow like cell bar , seem to be change . he turn , and he servo-light shine on the bone . but they be not bone any more at all , they be pipe , the animal graveyard now give over to the lifeless skeleton of manmade object -- twisted , rotting machinery . ludlow we make it ! they hurry over a small rise -- ext . worker village - night -- and find themselves at the edge of what be once isla sorna 's worker village . the size of a football field , the town be divide by a main street that 's dot on both side by store , residence , cafe , a gas station . all the way at the far end be a large , blocky , four-story building . but the town be a mess . the hurricane that hit here must have be ferocious , for everywhere thing be smashed , break , upend . and the jungle have step into the breath , grow up , around , and over everything . huge root system snake through the street , make it almost impassable . malcolm the jungle . it 's always ready to return . roland catch up and look at ludlow . roland where 's the power and radio setup ? ludlow Operations building . Far end of the street . a light rain fall as they start down the street , carefully , silently , roland and malcolm with they weapon at the ready . they pass the skeleton of a fall water tower . a empty gas station , its vine - snarl pump now useless . the only sound be the low mechanical hum of the servo-lights as they follow the group 's gaze obediently . every few foot , the group encounter strange , grayish lump that lie in random place in the middle of the street . malcolm , curious , stop and tap one of they . it 's a rock-hard . Nick look over he shoulder . nick lava ? malcolm no . nick what be they ? malcolm I do not know . finally , they reach the operation building , at the far end of the town . ludlow the radio rig be inside . it run directly from the geothermal generator , so power should not be a problem . roland good . he pull out he canteen . ludlow watch as he screw the top off , move toward the building , and start splash the content on the outside of it . the rest of the group just stare at he . malcolm what 's he get in there ? ludlow piss . sarah what ? ludlow do not ask I . the guy 's completely out to lunch . nick what in God 's name would he want with - roland rejoin they . roland tyrannosaur urine . I do not want anything to do with it , and neither do any other animal on this island . this building be now demarcate as the rex 's territory . as long as you stay in that building , you will all be safe until the helicopter come . he drop he pack , swing he gun off he shoulder , and check the load . Dr. juttson look fearful . juttson where be you go ? roland after the rex . I see a fresh kill back in the valley with tyrannosaur track all around it . if I be not back in time , do not wait for I . sarah you have get to be kid . roland run against my nature to hole up in a cave and wait . ludlow do you think the rex might have the infant with it ? roland possible . ludlow take off he hat and turn to Nick . ludlow you know how to work a radio , do not you ? sarah you be go too ? ludlow I lose everything I come after on this trip , but one t-rex in one theme park could single - handedly bail ingen out of chapter 11 . he take a slip of paper from the brim of he hat and hand it to Nick . ludlow ( cont would ) this be the broadcast frequency . id yourself as " harvest leader . " you know what to tell ‘em . malcolm you gentleman feel you have to do this now ? roland now 's the perfect time . the animal just feed , so it will not stalk we for food . predator do not hurt when they be not hungry . ludlow double check the clip on he semi-automatic rifle -- nick no . -- and smack it back into the belly of the gun . nick ( cont would ) only human do . CUT to : int . communications room - night the console of a sophisticated radio set - up glow brightly , all green , red , and yellow . nick tune the dial to a specific frequency . the radio whine and hiss tuning in . nick ( into microphone ) cq , cq . this be ingen operation harvest leader to harvest base . come in , please . the remain survivor , minus ludlow and roland , shine they flashlight around the dusty , vine-hung interior of the communication room . on the wall a row of chrome letter say " we make the future , " but the word be obscure by a tangle of vine . mushroom and fungi sprout from the carpet . on one wall , there be a mural of what the complete jurassic Park would have look like . Big hotel , Ford explorer with tourist lean out the window take picture , big crowd at the fence around the animal exhibit . but none of it come true , and now even the mural be runny and dust -cover . there be a pause , file only with radio static . Sarah look at Nick tensely , wait . finally , a voice come over the radio , clean as can be . voice ( 0.s . ) go ahead , harvest leader . they all breath a sign of relief . CUT to : ext . MAIN STREET - night with roland and ludlow go on the hunt and the rest of the group inside the operation building , main street stand desert and silent . nearly desert , anyway . moonlight shadow lengthen at one end of the street -- -- and five velociraptor stroll into town . CUT to : ext . valley of death - night roland and ludlow be back in the valley of death , stand amid the giant skeleton of long - dead animal . roland bend down , check the carcass of the freshly - chew hadrosaur he see earlier . a set of giant three - to rex track lead away from the carcass , down the stream bed . roland follow they . ludlow follow roland . as they near a bend in the stream , roland look down , at the surface of the water . a pattern of ripple move toward they , wash over they ankle . roland follow the ripple with he eye . from up head , around the bend , he can hear the sound of a animal eat and drink . a very large animal . he reach into he pocket and pull out a pinch of the ash from the cooking fire that he scoop up earlier and release that on the wind . they float there for a second , suspend , then blow back at he . ludlow we be downwind . good . roland dart a contemptuous look at he . he put a finger to he lip , gesture for silence , then step up , onto the shore . ludlow follow . they creep forward , toward the sound . they round the bend and roland hit he belly , edging up over a small rise . over the rise , he see the tyrannosaur , about a hundred yard ahead . it 's stoop over the stream bed , drink . like a bird , it dip its head in the water and then straighten up , to let the water fall down its throat . a dozen compys be at the water as well , drink . roland gently flick the safety on he gun to " off . " ludlow edge toward the cover of a low-hanging branch . as he put he weight on one knee , it press down hard on the middle of a small stick , which crack in half . roland turn , eye blaze . out in the open , the tyrannosaur snap its head sharply as well , stare in the direction of the sound . but since roland 's own head be turn , he do not see the dinosaur 's reaction . roland hold a warning finger out to ludlow . roland turn he head back . the tyrannosaur be go . further on , the trail of three - to tyrannosaur footprint stop abruptly . roland stop too , gesture for ludlow to freeze behind he . roland glance both way , look for any sign of the track . to the right , the ground give way to hard black volcanic rock . a short distance behind they , the rock be solid , a massive , green , pebble boulder ten foot high . roland frown and whisper in ludlow 's ear again . roland we take to the rock . ludlow why ? in front of roland , a palm frond sway gently in the night breeze . roland 's eye widen . he pull out another pinch of campfire ash and release it on the wind . this time , the ash blow off , straight away from he . roland wind shift . they freeze , terrify . behind they , the enormous green pebble boulder -- -- open a eye . that 's no boulder , that 's the male tyrannosaur , stand rock -solid still , its natural camouflage blend into the surround foliage perfectly . very slowly and almost silently , the rex bring its head all the way around until it be stare directly down at they from about ten foot away . roland and ludlow stand freeze , they back to the rex , unaware of its presence . until it exhales . the soft snort of its breath be not quite audible , but it brushes the hair on the back of they neck ever so slightly . they heart drop into they stomach . ludlow speak , he voice a queasy hiss . ludlow it 's ... behind ... we . roland ( the very softest whisper ) it 's just feed . it will not attack unless it 's threaten . do not move . as the rex silently cock its head , size up the danger from this intruder , it breathes again . a few strand of ludlow 's hair flap in the exhalation . he close he eye , near tear . he can not take it . his eye dart , glance down at the weapon he hold in he hand . unfortunately , it 's extend in front of he , away from the rex . he risk another hiss . ludlow if I do not move , I can not shoot it . roland let it go , Peter . the animal win . behind they , the rex appear satisfied . it start to swing its massive head around , back toward the jungle . it lift one great leg and take a step into the tree . roland sign and close he eye , relieved . but ludlow seize the opportunity . he whip he weapon around and drop to one knee . roland ( cont would ) no ! the rex be infinitely quick . ludlow just have time to squeeze off a short burst of semi-automatic gunfire when the animal whirl , take one elegant step forward , and pounce . ludlow 's bullet rip harmlessly through the foliage between the rex 's leg as its big head snap forward and come down , jaw wide . they close around ludlow 's body , lift he straight up into the air , and toss he once , readjust they grip so it be firmly around he midsection . the whole combination of movement take but half a second . by the time roland turn around , the animal have pivote and darte back into the jungle , carry ludlow , still scream and writhe in its mouth . roland raise he gun , to draw a bead on the animal , but through the shiver tree , he can only see that the tyrannosaur be go . CUT to : int . communications room - night malcolm sarah , nick , kelly , and dr . juttson wait nervously in the communication room . a empty can of Dr. pepper sit on one of the countertop begin to rattle . they look over at it , confuse , as the lightweight aluminum can chatter on the formica counter . other object in the lab begin to rattle too . Glass jar clank against one another , book start to drop off the shelf , a stool shudder across the floor . kelly what 's go on ?! above they , the rotting wooden roof of the building start to actually tear away , chunks of moldy timber fly up into the night . they look up , a deafen roar fill the room -- -- and a helicopter 's searchlight flood in ! as the chopper dip lower , look for a place to land , the violent prop wash rip away huge chunks of the roof over they head . int . helicopter - night up above the operation building , the helicopter circle . the roof of the building be all arch and rotten timber , impossible to land open . below , the pilot see the survivor through the tear roof of the building . they wave frantically , they flashlight beam pierce the night sky . pilot there they be ! the co- Pilot scan the street below , but it 's choke with overturn car and fall tree . CO - pilot no lz in the street , too much debris ! pilot check the other building ! the co- Pilot nod and they peel off , swoop over the rest of the village . at the far end of the street , the co- Pilot bring the searchlight to bear on the large , flat roof of a three story building . the Pilot give he a thumbs-up . ext . MAIN STREET - night malcolm , sarah , kelly , nick and finally dr . juttson run out the front of the operation building . at the end of the street , they can see the helicopter as it descend slowly over the building , to land on its roof . malcolm there it be ! happily , the group double - time it down the street , head for the chopper . again , that strange rock formation be everywhere . some seem to be on the side of building , as if they once drip there and then turn to stone . this time Sarah pause at one that be drip over to the side of a car like solidify lava . her face fall as a think occur to she . sarah Ian . it 's guano . malcolm what ? sarah this formation . they be dry -- malcolm birdshit ? a velociraptor jump onto a fall tree trunk behind they . they do not see it . nick who care ? let 's go ! unaware of the raptor 's presence , they resume they trot toward the helicopter . behind they , the raptor crouch and snarl , but the sound be lose under the whine of the helicopter 's engine . it spring , cover the distance between they quickly . the animal slam into juttson , the last person in the group , and take he down . juttson be throw forward , into the other , who fall like domino . juttson scream , he voice a unnatural , high - pitch squeal , as the raptor flip he over and lower its jaw into he . Sarah look up , panicked . her eye widen at the sight of a second raptor , this one run straight at hr at top speed . she bury she face in the dirt , cover she head with she hand -- -- and the raptor 's foot slam into the ground between she leg as it bound over she and dive onto juttson , join the first raptor in the kill . panicked , the group scatter in all direction . Kelly jump up and scramble into the middle of the street , where she hit the dirt and crawl under a fall shed in the middle of the road . malcolm roll over to the space where Kelly be , but she 's go now . he look around frantically . malcolm Kelly ?! kelly ?! Sarah roll onto she foot and sprint toward the building nearest she . behind she , a third raptor give chase , bound after she with horrifying speed . Sarah run flat - out , but she speed be nothing compare to the raptor 's , and it gain on she rapidly . the wall of a structure of some kind close in around Sarah , and as she leap across a leather seat and slam a door behind she , we realize she 's crawle into the back seat of a abandon car . but the car door be thin protection against the charge raptor , which slam into the window , head first . the window spinderwebs , but do not yield . the raptor crumple to the ground . Sarah look up , through a three inch hole in the middle of the web . the raptor leap back to its foot and plunge its nose into the tiny hole , thrashing , widen it . Sarah scream and the animal force its entire head through the hole , snapping its jaw just short of she face . she hurl herself over the seat and into the front as the animal penetrate even further into the car , but its torso will not fit through the window open . it pull away . in the front seat , Sarah get some very bad news . there 's no windshield . the raptor spring up onto the hood , its claw clatter on the sheet metal , and toss its body through the open -- -- just as Sarah hurl herself out the door . while the raptor struggle to right itself in the front seat , Sarah run to the nearest building , duck inside , and slam the heavy wooden door . CUT to : ext . gas station - night malcolm race between the idl gas pump and into the gas station building , close the door behind he . a moment later , a raptor bound after he , slamming into the door . meeting resistance , it bounce off , notice the plate glass window next to the door , and pounce at that . the window shatter and the raptor cling to the ledge , stare inside , its tail hang out . just as it get inside , malcolm open the door and come back out , keep the place of wall between they . he pull the lindstradt rifle off he back and try to take aim -- -- but the raptor whirl and spring , force he back inside , through the door again . willing to play along , the raptor turn and jump through the window again . int . gas station - night balance on the window frame , the raptor hiss and crouch , ready to spring at malcolm . malcolm take cover behind the door , which be hang open between they . he raise the rifle . th raptor spring into the door , blasting it off its hinge , knock malcolm right through a window behind he . but the door smack up against the wall , cover the window , prevent the raptor from follow malcolm out that way . for the moment . ext . gas station - night malcolm fly through the window and crunch to the ground . he groans in agony and roll off he bad leg , which be twisted unnaturally beneath he , and claw in the mud for the gun . rough hand reach down , grab he by the shirt , and haul he to he foot . it 's nick . he drag malcolm away , but in the commotion Nick 's duffel slip off he shoulder and land in the street , spilling some of the precious videotape . malcolm scoops they up . nick come on ! malcolm where 's Kelly ? nick she 's with Sarah ! they race off , down the street . CUT to : int . kiln house - night High above sarah , we see she be stand alone in a three story kiln house , a windowless shed use for fire pottery and other construction project . catwalk line with heavy chain hang above she , and onto the floor below , she turn in circle , wonder what to do now . from outside the kiln house , she hear scratching , digging sound . from the other side of the door come a animal snort , and a small puff of dust and dirt billow up through the crack along the ground . on the other side of the door , the claw of one of the raptor dig furiously , try to tunnel underneath . inside , Sarah run to the opposite wall , fall to she knee , and start digging a tunnel of she own , claw frantically at the gang tool always and clanks as it tear at the earth below it . Sarah dig faster . so do the raptor . with about eight inch of space under the wall , Sarah grab hold of the bottom of one of the plan and pries it up as hard as she can . it snap off with a loud crack . at the door , the raptor stop digging . it 's silent for a moment . Sarah have a good foot and a half of space under she wall now . she start to lower she body into it -- -- just as the raptor' claw flash through from the other side ! Sarah fall back , scream , leap to she foot , and jump up , grab hold of one of the catwalk above . she start to climb , up , anywhere up , as the raptor now squirm and thrashes its way inside , come in through she hole . Sarah climb , haul herself up , leaping from one catwalk to another . the raptor leap up onto a catwalk as well and follow she . ext . kilm house - night a window in the slant roof of the kiln house explode in a shower of glass as sarah kick through it and climb outside . CUT to : ext . MAIN STREET - night Nick drag a badly limping malcolm down the main street . they can see helicopter at the far end , engine roaring and searchlight play over they as they draw closer . they approach a rusted , abandon pickup in the middle of the street -- -- and a raptor leap on top of it . its claw clack on the roof as it go into its pre-attack crouch . they do not stick around to negotiate . Nick haul malcolm off into the nearest building . int . worker HOTEL - night nick and malcolm hurry inside and slam the door behind they . they be stand in the lobby of a hotel of some kind , probably use for overnight guest and day worker who have to spend the night . the room and staircase wind around a large , open-aire central area four storey tall . they shout at each other , frantic . malcolm we can not stay in here ! nick we be sure as hell not go back out there " malcolm this be single - wall construction ! it 's just a shack ! nick it will hold ! malcolm for sixty second , maybe ! look at this ! ( rap on the door with he knuckle ) you could - with a crash , the wood sprinter around the lock and the door swing open violently . malcolm be throw aside , landing hard on the floor . a velociraptor stand hissing in the doorway . Nick throw he weight against the door . slamming it hard against the raptor . malcolm roll over and paw the gun off he back . slam ! the raptor charge the door again , this time blasting it off its hinge , knock Nick to the floor beneath it . the raptor turn and snarl at malcolm . malcolm swing the gun around -- -- the raptor lunge at he -- -- malcolm 's finger close on the trigger -- -- and the raptor land on top of he . the weight of the animal crush he into the floor , but the gun barrel now stand between they . the raptor chomp down hard on the barrel , its tooth grinding on the metal , and snap its head , to tear it from malcolm 's hand . malcolm pull the trigger . the raptor 's eye pop wide as the dart slam into the back of its throat . it make a gurgling sound , then convulse violently and roll off of malcolm , yanking the gun from he hand as it fall and die . Nick scramble out from under the door . malcolm try to wrench the gun from the raptor 's clench jaw , but it will not budge . nick ( help he out ) head for the roof ! malcolm I have to find Kelly ! nick I think she 's with Sarah ! malcolm damn it , be sure !! CUT to : ext . MAIN STREET - night kelly remain huddle under the fall shed , tremble with fear . she hold she breath and freeze , as just outside , only two foot from where she 's hide -- -- a raptor' feet pick they way past she , down the middle of the street . Kelly close she eye and suppress a scream . CUT to : ext . rooftop - night nick and malcolm burst onto the roof of the now - burn hotel and slam the door behind they . the helicopter be now only three rooftop away . they turn and head for it , Nick in the lead , but there 's a eight foot gap between the building . malcolm it 's too wide ! Nick look around , desperate . a fall power pole lean against the building they be stand on , its line go slack . nick help I push this ! malcolm understand . he and Nick throw a shoulder into the pole and give it a mighty push , tipping it over in the other direction . one good hard shove and it fall to the far building , thudding against it solidly . its power line be not taut , a lifeline from this rooftop to the next . Nick grab hold and start to pull himself across the gap , hand over hand . behind they , the door of the building splinter and crash open as a raptor throw all its weight into it . malcolm leap onto the power line without hesitation and start pull himself across . but even with the door wide open , the raptor on the other side hesitates . it snarl and back away , refuse to come out onto the roof . on the other rooftop , malcolm land next to Nick on the second rooftop . they look back at the frighten animal , which take tow step out onto the roof , snarl , and back into the doorway again . nick it 's afraid to come onto the roof ! malcolm look around , at the rooftop . strange bit of scrap and debris seem to have be arrange there , in a odd , concentric pattern . malcolm something 's wrong . nick look ! Sarah ! he point to the roof of the kilm house , in the distance . malcolm turn , and see sarah crawl across the tile . his face turn white . malcolm she' alone ! ! CUT to : ext . kilm house roof - night sarah have problem . still on top of the kilm house , she reach the edge and push off the roof , leaping to the roof of the next building . she land at the peak of the intersection of the two side of sloping roof . as she pull herself up -- -- a raptor appear on the rooftop behind she . in full stride , it leap , sail over she , and land on the roof ahead of she . Sarah swing to she leave and start to crawl down the slope , away from the raptor . suddenly the roof board under she sprinter and crack under she weight . the whole section pull up and start to slide off the roof . Sarah , cling to it , ride the roof plank down , away from the raptor . she look over she shoulder , down -- -- and see another raptor , wait for she on the roof of the building below . Sarah quickly roll off the slide section of roof , which keep slide , fall . the raptor below jump up , just in time to get whacked in the head by the fall roof section . Sarah try to cling to the Spanish tile roof , finger and nail slip on the slick ceramic surface . she slide all the way to the edge , grab hold of the gutter , and dangle there , suspend above one raptor and trap below another . the raptor above work its way down . the one below leap up , at she dangle leg . she have leave they in time with its jump , to avoid lose she foot . this can not go on for long . desperate , she pull one of the Spanish tile up from the roof and hurl it at the raptor below . it hit the animal in the head , for all the good that do . but Sarah keep on , pull and throw more tile . she edge to the right , toward a fresh supply . the raptor above edge even closer , claw clicking on the slick roof . something interesting be happen . as Sarah pull the loose tile free , the one above slide down , to take they place . Sarah see this and pull more free , knock they out of the way as fast as she can . suddenly a avalanche of loose tile break loose and the foot underneath the raptor above disintegrate . the animal 's foot flail and grasp , it slide towards the edge amid the tumble tile . Sarah , see it come , swing in close to the building , hugging it as closely as she can . the raptor fall off the roof , right past she -- -- and crunch into the raptor below . both animal snark and attack one another . now Sarah , she grip exhaust , fall too , landing right next to the enraged animal . they fight and roll , right over her . she groans and hug the wood below she , the raptor continue to thrash and bite , they roll back , toward she , she roll out of they way -- -- and plunge through a hole in the roof . int . lab - night Sarah fall through the roof of a desert laboratory and land in the tray of a old - fashioned hang fluorescent light fixture . one end of the fixture 's support snap , it drop at a 45 degree angle , Sarah slide out the other end and crash through a window . ext . STREET - night Sarah land in the mud in the street below . CUT to : ext . between two build - night with a thud , malcolm land in the mud between two other building , one of which he have just climb off of . panicked , he leap to he foot and start to shout . malcolm Kelly ! kelly ! CUT to : ext . MAIN STREET - night sarah sprint down the main street as fast as she can , toward the building on which sit the helicopter . above she , she can see nick have now reach the helicopter and be wave to she . Sarah reach the fall water tower , which be next to the helicopter building , and start to climb it . elsewhere in the STREET , kelly be still cover underneath the fall shed . in the distance , she can see the helicopter . but she be tremble with fear , unable to move . the whole shed suddenly rattle as something heavy hit it outside . Kelly 's mouth drop open to scream , but she terror be so complex that no sound come out . she raise she hand in self - defense , whatever 's outside roar with effort , the entire shed be suddenly ripped right up off of she , and she look up -- -- into she father 's eye . kelly dad ! malcolm come on ! he grab she by the hand and they take off down the street . on the rooftop , Sarah emerge at the top of the water tower structure and leap onto the roof , into Nick 's arm . nick where 's Kelly ? sarah where 's Ian ? eye wide with panic , they both turn and look down at the street below , where they see kelly and malcolm , racing at top speed down the middle of the street -- -- with a velociraptor chasing they . down in the STREET , malcolm and Kelly have a twenty yard advantage on the animal . they be pretty fast , but it 's faster . above they , Nick and Sarah be at the edge of the roof , shout and urging they on . they push it , faster . they reach the base of the fall water tower , the jumble of strut and metal pole that Sarah climb . malcolm climb ! Kelly leap ahead of he and grab hold of one of the pole , pull herself neatly up to she foot and reach for the next one . malcolm stretch and make the same effort , but for he it 's much harder . below they , the raptor spring and slam into the strut , shaking the whole structure . it pull itself up . Higher up , Kelly climb fast , hand glide over the pole . she break out into the open , where a long , narrow pole run on a slight incline up to the roof . she scamper across it , run the balance beam . she reach the other side , on a ledge below the roofline , and look back . malcolm be at the other end , hesitate , drain , breathe hard . kelly dad , come on ! below he , the raptor close in . malcolm set out across the beam , he leg shaking . he place he foot carefully , he do not have nearly the balance Kelly do . the raptor draw closer . kelly ( cont would ) faster ! malcolm slip . one foot twist right off the bar and he spin , arm flail , try to regain he tenuous balance . but he overcompensate and he whole body , wrench out from under he . he fall , the bar smack he hard in the chest , knock the wind out of he , and he drop , flipping right off the bar and bounce painfully through the maze of bar below . he drop right past the pursue velociraptor , crunching to a halt in a nest of bar ten foot off the ground , probably crack a rib . Kelly scream from above he . kelly ( cont would ) dad ! she stare down in horror at she father . wrenched in among the bar , malcolm be helpless as the animal crouch only six foot above he now , with a open attack route . the animal snark and go into its pre-attack crouch . up above , Kelly wipe the palm of she hand on she jeans and leap out into space , grab hold of one of the bar . the raptor spring . Kelly spin around , over the top of the bar , and , at the very peak of she trajectory , she let go . the raptor sail through down from above , foot first , slamming both of they squarely into the raptor 's side , send it hurtle into space . she land hard and awkwardly , clanging into the spidery scaffold next to malcolm as the raptor smashes to the ground below . but Kelly manage to hold on . kelly get up ! she grab hold of malcolm and pull he to he foot . on the roof , Kelly and malcolm appear over the roofline . the pilot shout from inside . pilot let' go let' go let' go !! malcolm and Kelly scramble toward the helicopter . but at the opposite side of the roof , a raptor claw its way over the edge as well . malcolm see it and they lunge for the helicopter , but the animal be far faster . it 's only ten foot away , then five , they be surely do for this time , when -- -- ka - boom ! there come the loudest single gunshot anyone have ever hear , and the raptor fly off its foot and land ten foot across the roof , dead . they look up , to the source of the gunshot . it 's roland , stand at the edge of the roof , hold he smoking .600 nitro Express . but there 's no time for celebration , as suddenly the helicopter 's leave skid crack right through the surface of the roof . pilot hurry ! the roof giving way ! the skid dip even further , rip right through the thatch - and -wood construction . Kelly , who have one foot in the helicopter , lose she balance -- -- as the roof cave in beneath she . malcolm kelly ! she fall , scream , through the hole and down , into the building below . one floor down , Kelly land with a crunch on the floor immediately below the roof , about nine foot down . but she landing be cushion by a inordinate amount of straw and leave that have be arrange there . she lift one hand , and a yellowy , viscous substance drip off of it . it 's yolk . she look around , notice half a dozen large , oblong shape . egg . above she , malcolm be scramble , climb down to she through the wreckage of the creaking , crumble roof . malcolm Kelly ! I be come ! Kelly climb to she knee , but behind she , a large , dark shape be move . rising . unfold , in a way . it's a pteranodon . yep , fly dinosaur . the enormous animal raise its head , a brilliant blue crest extend two foot behind its long , saber - like beak . it squawks at Kelly in fury . she can only stare , spellbound . malcolm reach she and grab hold as the angry animal unfurl its massive twenty - two foot wingspread . on the roof , the helicopter lurch as it sink further into the crumble roof , and now the skid be get tangle in the debris . roland race over to the hole , climb in a few foot , and start kick at it , make it larger . roland give I a ladder ! in the pteranodon nest , malcolm try to haul Kelly back up the way he come , but a second pteranodon now appear from the depth of the building , screeching in fury at this invader who have land in the middle of they clutch of egg . a emergency rescue ladder drop through the hole in the roof . malcolm grab Kelly with one arm and the ladder with the other and they start to climb out of the nest . on the roof , malcolm and Kelly climb the ladder and be pull into the belly of the chopper just as two enormous beak break through the surface of the roof around they . the pteranodon be emerge . malcolm go go go go gog go ! the helicopter lurch up a few foot , but it yank to a abrupt stop . the engine whine , the chopper just hover there . pilot we be snag on something ! they loos down . both pteranodon have come out through the hole in the roof and be cling to the skid of the helicopter . they flap they gigantic wing in unison , and drag the helicopter off , into the air , away from the nest -- -- and let go . freed , the helicopter gain altitude quickly . in the helicopter , the pilot gape as the pteranodon coast along , right next to the helicopter . pilot hang on ! if I tip it hard , I can cut " they with the rotor ! sarah no ! do not ! they be not attack ! they look out the window , where , indeed , the magnificent animal be merely accompany they , fly escort as the chopper gain altitude . sarah ( cont would ) they be protect they nest . that 's all . that 's all they be do . Kelly , completely drain , sit between Sarah and malcolm , each of whom have a protective arm around she . she sag against she father 's chest , nothing leave . he hold she tight and whisper in she ear . malcolm thank you . Kelly , thank god. thank God for you ... in the night sky , over the island , the helicopter steadily gain altitude . a hundred foot . Three hundred . a thousand . as the helicopter be clearly leave the island , the pteranodon now peel off , they job do . one of they bank sharply , right in front of the moon . the moonlight silhouettes it , shine right through its membranous wing , lighting it up like a Halloween skeleton . below , the tiny green island melt away into the vastness of the wine - dark sea . CUT to : ext . tyrannosaur nest - night elsewhere in the forest , it 's not such a happy story . peter ludlow , still alive , drop through the air and crunch to the muddy ground . dizzy , bleed , the breath knock out of he , he open he eye and see a sloping bank of dry mud . from behind he , he hear a chirping sound . he turn . he 's in the tyrannosaur nest . the baby tyrannosaur face he , still with a strange aluminum - foil cast on its leg . the baby squeak with excitement as it toddle toward he . ludlow scramble to he foot , unsure what to do . both adult tyrannosaurs stand outside the nest , stare down at he . the baby run toward ludlow , so he turn and run away . but in a instant , the male bring its head down , knock ludlow to the ground . then it raise its head again . watch . wait . ludlow get up again and try to run , but now the female rex strike , knock he over again . ludlow try to crawl away , on all four . the male bend down and close its jaw around one of he leg , hold it tightly . ludlow scream -- -- and the rex bit down decisively . the bone break with a dry SNAP . ludlow howl in pain , unable to move , and the baby toddle forward eagerly . ludlow can only stare as it leap up , onto he chest , and open its jaw wide . Peter ludlow scream . CUT to : ext . cemetery - day snow fall in a gray midwinter sky . in a cemetery , a group of fifty mourner be group around a gravesite next to a coffin that be festoon with cascade of flower . on a table , there be a array of frame photograph -- -- of JOHN hammond . a minister read from the Bible while the mourner wipe away tear . ian malcolm stand a respectful distance from the group , kelly right beside he . malcolm 's face be blank , tired , he sunburn out of place with the white winter set around he . at gravesite , a Young woman turn , look back over she shoulder . about sixteen , she 's lovely , with long blonde hair and a honest , open face . she notice malcolm , recognize he . she nudge a Young man next to she , about thirteen year old . the Young man turn and break into a smile just as welcoming . as the ceremony break up , they walk over to he . malcolm hello , lex . Tim . lex stand on she tiptoe and kiss malcolm on the cheek . tim extend a hand and malcolm shake it . malcolm ( cont would ) this be Kelly . my daughter . they nod they hellos . lex I be glad you come , Dr. malcolm malcolm I be sorry about you grandfather . tim thank you . lex we be go to call you , in a few day . Tim and I have be think , and we have decide we want people to know about the island . about what we all see . tim we think it 's something we grandfather would want we to do . malcolm ( pause ) why ? lex because it 's true . malcolm look at she for a long moment . malcolm I know , lex . but even if we be the only one who ever know , it will still be true . you see , I have decide that if the world find out about what you grandfather create , it would not be around for very long . lex but -- it be real . you can not let people go on say it 's not . malcolm that 's the thing about reality . he look down at Kelly . malcolm ( cont would ) even when people stop believe in it , it do not go away . Kelly smile and take he hand , she slender finger interlock with he . ext . jungle - day back on isla sorna , we float over the desert worker village , move lightly , as in a dream . malcolm ( v.o. ) do you feel the cold wind blow on you face ? that 's real . we sweep low , landing on the roof the helicopter take off from , the nest below now careful rebuilt with straw and scrap , a dozen unblemish egg in the middle of it . malcolm ( v.o. ) do you see the four of we , stand here together , alive ? that 's real . a pteranodon land gently on the nest . ever so carefully , it position itself over the egg , lower itself to roosting position , and fold its giant wing around its body . malcolm ( v.o. ) and maybe that 's still that matter . the animal raise its head , open its beak , and squawks approvingly up at the heaven . fade out