the tree of life a screenplay by y . terrence malick first draft '' registered with the writer Guild of America 25 June 2007 preface the " I " who speak in this story £ 5 not the author . Rather , he hope that you might see yourself in this " I * a understand this story as you own . part one ext . o'brien house a ordinary house in central Texas . a neighborhood at the edge of town . Three child -- brother -- be play in the back yard . the eldest , 11 , be jack . rl be two year young , and steve be 6 . they mother and father , Mr. and Mrs. o' brien , look on . in the center of the yard stand a tall oak tree . the year be 1956 . other angle the boy play with they dog , shep they mother smile , content . life have cover she with bless . there be nothing she see but it mean she good . her heart , it seem , be especially draw to she middle son ; the sweetest , most genial of the boy . the sun be set in the west . a doorbell ring . ext . o'brien house - twelve year later twelve year later , a western Union man walk away from the house . Mrs. o' brien lean against a wall as she read a telegram . int . o'brien house Mr. o' brien watch q@s he wife stare out the window . father can I do anything ? she shake she head . she let he kiss she , but generally seem unaware of he . she notice nothing ; say nothing . he must be strong . there will be time enough for tear . he grieve for she more than for himself -- that she should be stricken in this way , a woman so faithful , kind and upright -- who through the whole of she life have deny herself -~ who have love the good -- give to the poor , comfort the desolate . a flashforward : Men rise up and bow when she pass by . int . o'brien house Friends have come to visit . betty you do everything in the world to make he happy . no one could have have a better life . jan he be such a fine boy . RUTH -- such a fine musician ! the sweetest child I ever see . betty he only go a little before the rest of we . RUTH it 's all so bitter now , hut -- you will have lovely memory of he . that can not be take away . the memory be a torment to she , not a consolation . jan he will always live in you heart . live ? that be what he will not do . betty we never really part . not from that we love . jan the pain will pass away . she do not wan} i+ to . no , she want to keep it , always . a shard of glass in she heart . RUTH he 's at peace . let they live in they naive illusion . if only she still could ! to hear he name speak be more than she can bear . do no one understand ? now , when other look at she , they glance quickly away . she be aware of be a uncomfortable presence to everyone she meet , particularly when she speak . betty .-. he 's in God 's hand now . where be God ? where be he then ? nature give no answer , whisper not a word . the child be in God 's hand the whole time , be he not ? jan +.- he do not suffer . he 's better off where he be ... it 's so hard —- you can do everything right , and still -- they voice seem far away , as though they be speak to she through a tunnel . let they talk to each other . not to she . a vast , barren plain . death reveal the emptiness that be there before . ' nothing be but it . the fact be like a wall . she can see nothing else . nothing beyond . shatter , so many life ; cast blindly here and there , like water from rock to rock . int . o'brien house she can not look in he room . when she do , he die to she a second time . she pace before the close door . int . o'brien house her would - be comforter go away dismay and apprehensive : why she , and not thay ? they be themselves bewilder , some reduce to tear . jan the best woman in the whole town ! RUTH there may be thing that we do not know . betty ( 0.8 . ) she still have two leave . she overhear they voice after they be go . how much more easily they speak as soon as they be out of she presence ! not just she child -- it seem that all creation have die . nature have betrayed the heart that love it . a child appear with a casserole . boy Mom send this . he quickly retreat , he eye fix on the ground . in the next room , Mr. o' brien laugh and shake he head . he do not seem quite to have take it all in . father that rascal ! I remember how you could not get he into the tub . then , once he be in , you could not get he back out ! the grey dawn of the next day . the o’brien house seem no different from any other on the bleck . the postman go about he business . the paperboy . the man of the neighborhood speak among ' yhemselves in hushed voice as they set they sprinkler out at dusk . the fall of the o'brien house strike awe in they . a family once happy and prosperous , bring down in sorrow and doom . tight on mrs . o'brien through a crack in the bedroom door she see she husband on he knee . what good have it bring he ? would he pray to a spider ? gardenias , a climb rise . nature put forth life at will . why should a dog have breath , she child none ? later , when someone reach for the child 's guitar , she hear she husband insist +hat if not be move . not a inch . mr . o'brien her husband , too , attempt to console she . but have a equal cause for sorrow , he be no more convincing than she friend have be . grief so deep have make she unfamiliar to he ; almost holy . still he must say something . father we have -- to be strong -- for they -- for the other boy . we can not let they see -- ( she look away ) I have not be the husband you deserve -~ I have not love you enough -- still -- let I into you '' heart . let we share the grief . : father ( cont 'd ) it 's too hard alone . I think we would go first -- never have to know -- to see -- ( she look up ) I wish it could have be I . I take the confidence out of he . I never get a chance to tell he -- how sorry I be ! I make he unhappy -- anxious -- I do it out of love ! forgive I ! she hesitates , wait until she can swallow back a sob to speak -- then can find nothing to say . what do they do to bring such a calamity on themselves ? what do the world gain ? it neither know nor care . father ( cont 'd ) I be go to be strong for he , that 's what he would want , and ' that 's what he 's go to get . a empty swing . a slide . a bridge . grass fade in the August heat . . he take she into he arm . how small they difference seem now ! he love she wholly . they be one at last , in grief . mother ( 0.s. ) do we say we have three boy , or two ? ( in a whisper ) I hate my life -- I want to die -- to '' with he ~- my child ! she will not be consol . we look at she , helpless . mother ( cont 'd ) ( suddenly ) whatever I say , do not believe it . alone , she pray . she hear no answer voice . Mr. o' brien close the lid of he piano . her soul be go . her good . she go about she life ; she walk , eat , sleep , wake up . but she do not live . each place , each hour be the same . the best of she lay in he soul . she live through he , see through he eye . apart from he she cannot see the work of God , or nature 's order . in she be death ; im he be life . a bare tree in winter . nature lie . jack ( adult ) - series of angle gradually we become aware of Jack , they eldest son , grow up now . the other have try and fail to console he mother . how shall he ? jack ( 0.s . ) it break you heart . never afterwards be you the same -- you faith in goodness shake -- though carefully you keep it secret , lest we faith be shake , too . ( she walk alone ) in vain ! we know ! go . he have leave the world a shar a friend whisper in Mrs. o' brien 's ear : . mrs . stone do not let they console you . do not forget ! for a long time you will have the pain . but it will turn to joy -- in the end . we be aboard a train , plunging through the countryside ; the locomotive far ahead , barely visible . a blind , overwhelming force . jack ( 0.s. ) why do you grieve and waste away ? you 3e : love flow out un ly ! the rail weave in and out »eneath the wheel . the steel line of fate . i+ run along its way , defy all other path , all wall , crash ' hrough every obstacle . she can not be persuade to turn or look . she sit with she face avert , stare at the ground . each day she find it harder to bear . she can not read , or sleep . the dawn light come in through the window be ghastly to she . it be as though he have die again . and. yet she would not be surprised if he be to walk into the room . Children play . spring come . the crocus raise they head . the redbud blaze . they return . a door through which one fear to look . a path one shrink from take . empty park . a vast , neglect garden . a gate . the past consume all . decaye statue in a long , straight lane of tree . the figure of forget god . they gaze at the horizon as though in search of they deliverer . balustrade ; a drain pool . walk strewn with sodden leave . stair that lead nowhere . a butterfly . '' she remember when the sun shine about she , when it seem that she would die in she nest . crow hover over a stubble field , forage in the furrow . jack ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) who be you that take he ? you smash what . be most dear --» send fly to wound you might have . heal . who can hinder ~ you ? Friends come by less . she do not mind her child be more present to she in death than , really , they in life . good night , my child . she shall not see he . till heaven and earth have pass away . send for nothing . the face of that who live on ; stranger , prefer to he . ' High overhead , migrate geese call to each other ; separate , lose in the cloud . a buoy , clanging in the fog . nature have return to chaos . a hand on a curtain . what be death ? what will it be like ? the picture stop . the movie end . Jack stop on the Street , listen . it be as though the wind be try to tell he something . he find himself on a staircase , its upper and lower reach lose in the darkness . jack ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) you whom we meet in the wood and on the hill , whom first in she eye we know -- how shall I name you ? cc we to show he mother 's air of embarrassed shyness ; she good humor and truthfulness ; she affectionate , sorrowing face , always look into he , wishing he strength and happiness . her hand when she be very old : that wear hand that once hold so much that be dear to they , that once he could take and hold as tightly and for as long as he wish . soon he must lose she , too , with all he love . Change ; the spring of all sorrow . be anything exempt from birth , growth and decay ? nothing everlast ? a shadow dance on the ground . this world be pass away . his father , who at first be careful to remain calm and compose , rip off he coat and tear at he hair in grief . jack ( 0.s8 . ) ( cont 'd ) teach I the way to you . the oak tree in the front yard . its root fgach down into the darkness of the earth , towards its cemfer qnd source . the branch spread towards the light , towards _discovery and utterance ; a fountain of life . jack ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) brother , dear brother -- we have one heart within we . one soul -- where you leave off and I begin , I could not tell . the immovable trunk , a universe of leave spread above it , whisper ; a oracle . jack ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) wher be you ? how shall I find you again ? I will go in search of you -- through all the world . the camera rise vhrough the branch , seek a way towards the sky above . jack ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) brother , speak through I ! guide I ! answer I from where you be ! see what I be , what I be now ! lend you spirit to this song ! he discover himself on the verge of fall asleep at the wheel of a car . he fight to stay awake . the car be drift off the road , and still he cannot rouse himself to consciousness , to the require act of will . a hand touch he shoulder , waking he —- ext . CITY of destruction - the artificial world - late day to night to dawn - jack ( adult ) Jack wake to find himself in that landscape of paralysis and despair which today go by the name of a city . the familiar world have assume a threaten aspect . a number of scene with the adult Jack follow encounter with friend and stranger . to avoid interrupt the flow of the narrative , we will not specify they here . 's from time to time we hear Jack 's thought . he lead we through the story . the cut be quick and staccato , to suggest the fracture quality of modern life . his eye be bright with long . he never linger anywhere for long but be forever off , forever move ‘on . where do he go wrong , or wander from the path ? the star be wash out . the sky be a haze . the moon shine down like any other senseless light , high above the tower of steel and glass . where in this street can he find any evidence of the world 's order , any sign to help he on he way ? the other do not meet he eye . each make he way alone , shut up within himself . none can be sure of the other . no tie be fix or last . like a bird trap inside a room , beat against the window and ceiling , the soul struggle for a time , then sink down in defe . the building hem he round like the tree of a wild forest . a false nature ; & unwerse of death . a sightless world , roofed over , shut off from thing above . here one must stoop to walk . a world that would exclude the transcendent , that say : I be , and there be nothing else . a world without love . it seem he could escape if only he could bring himself to will it . somehow he cannot . he have go to sleep , he can not wake up . he wake from one dream to another . the sight of a modern city : it could be Chicago , New York , Houston , Paris , Mumbai , Los Angeles , or a composite of they all . we never see it whole -- no skyline or define monument -- fragment only -- a frenzy of thing and people on the move -- a continuous flow of train and car -- a new babel . Change seem the only constant in this city ; disappearance , loss . be be a shadow . there be nothing but this endless flux . nothing eternal , nothing sure . 10 . in the face of stranger that anguish look of we time which betray itself beneath the smile and courtesy -- which , increasingly , even child wear . each a shadow to the other , each with he own eye fix on the ground in front of he , absorb in he private world . spectator in a movie theater . jack sweet brother -- you who fill we heart with light -- who draw we close , who make we one -- a family , a home -- go . into the night which have no dawn . he stop , listen . the grey light of 4 television flicker on the ceiling of a lonely apartment .. somewhere a couple rage and howl at each other . time lapse shot of tall building , with cloud pass above they . hallways . Offices at night . wall . jack ( cont 'd ) what be it . that you point to -- know better than I ? you overlook insult and injury . be gentle , kind -- nothing add up , or lead to anything else . he life in succession . the shadow of passérsby on the street . a dry streambed . a garden in winter , the stiff , dead stalk of sunflower ; they head bow in defeat . jack ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) speakllet I hear -- see ! let it not have be in vain ! sing with I -- through I -- you , the true artist -- lend I you strength ! ' everything conspire to lead one to go on as before . to rest in the tomb . to sleep . the concrete bank of the L.A. river . nature be die . without nature , will the spirit die ? the eye flit here and there , like a frighten bird . the other guess nothing of he condition , and he speak not a word . what would he say ? fog from the beach . face , indistinct . 11 . mother ( 0.s . ) I know such thing happen , but -- it seem they would not touch I . I could have be with he ~- her voice fade out , and she be go . in a moment of fantasy , he find himself sweep along in a river . the water rise , threaten to engulf he . now he find himself inside a burn house . smoke slide in under the door . flame peel the paint from the ceiling . he stuff he fist in he mouth to keep from scream . the other neither speak nor act , as though they lay under some spell or enchantment . a stranger with a walkman . a driver in q traffic jam . jack ( 0.8 . ) lose you , I lose : my way physical life in a world abandon by the spirit . organize unreality . the soul a hindrance in one 's dealing here . a burden . a mere quantity of thought and desire . one be without form and void . thousand -mind . at odd with himself . a miscellany , not a man . cold public work . the city ; the lose creation ; the cosmos become a cave . traveler on a New York subway . all await a new creation . none know how to bring it forth . he find himsel F on a orliner . it skim over the top of the tree , rise and fall , struggle to stay aloft . it fly under power line , narrowly avoid house and apartment building . the other passenger have go to sleep , or pay no attention . the roar of the sense ; loud , ever louder . sensation become substance . the false world so surround we that it take the place of nature . this be a new death ; death of the spirit , extinction of the soul . the supreme misery : to be cheat of the sight of essence : to find oneself abandon to the busy dance of thing which pass away . what be despair but to lose the eternal ? 12 . form dissolve like thought , like shape in a waterfall . newspaper headline . fragment of tv show . swarm fact . wall , security light , traffic . a dark , empty cathedral . where be you to find the spring and source of life ? will you die before you do ? voice ( 0.s . ) lead I from the unreal to . the real . lead I from darkness to light . lead I from death to eternal life . to what end be nature ? be there nothing but this chaos , this congery of scrap and fragment ? N ing , which bind they together ? a new hell ; entirely of we time ; a glass box . the sky be cover over . man have shut himself in . he must find a way out . he must journey through time , from the outward and external to the heart of creation . a solitary tree in the middle of a parking lot . a clock . a close door . a porch light . a lame man limping down the street . the image follow on each other in quick succession . the sound snap in and out . he find himself on a high building . he leap off the edge , into thin air , without give a think to how he might survive the fall . he wake up with a gasp . a figure stand near he . he can not see its face , but he feel a strange peace Flow into he ; a sense of radiant love . who be you ? Jack seem S 4 '' ask . why can I not come to you ? the figure point towards a gate . Beyond it lie a field . tremble , Jack look back towards the city . come out ! the figure seem to say . there be that near you which will guide you , if only you trust its lead . the figure reach out , touch the crown of Jack 's head , then be go . Jack look around . where to begin ? night lift off like a fog . the street lamp flicker out . the morning star burn in a gap between the tall building -- solitary , unheeded -- a promise of that world which here be but a legend . you -- who be you ? the star seem to address he . 13. beneath the artificial world , the true face of creation , cover over , obscure , beckone we still . he close he eye . he would rather sleep than undertake the necessary struggle . he await a command that have already be give . let we sing a new song , tell a new story ; one which , mindful of the ancient tale , take its inspiration from science , let we search for the permanent amid the fleeting and mutable , for that which endure through the spectacle of ceaseless change . let we discover the eternal , the good . Jack walk along the Santa monica shore . surfer bob up and down . in the line -up . Children play in we tide . they laughter , they wild cry , take inm back +o the past , to he childhood and beyond it , to the world 's owq -- to the first light of creation . at the edge of the city , he see a tree . he reach out to touch it . the instant he do , the universe spring up from its source . the creation we show the growth of the cosmos , the great epic of evolution , from the Big bang through the long age of geological time , down to the present day . we begin in the chaos or nothingness out of which space and time arise -- in a r@alm beyond we power to imagine , without form or coherence , void of here and now . suddenly , like joy replace sadness and brood , light break forth , and the universe be bear molecular cloud gather to make galaxy , which sail out through the void like ship on a sea without shore . New star , new world be bear and pass away , like waste seed . they be the furnace in which the element of we future life be smelt . many experiment must be try and reject before we system be hit upon ; much labor expend , with continual improvement through the long age . at last the ancestral earth appear ; a bulb of gas , more like a star than a planet , sear by the sun 's fire , glow like a coal from deep within . the gas cool to liquid . a solid core fall out ; a thin crust form . from time to time the vapor clear away to reveal a mighty inferno of magma and pitch . 14 . the sky fill with steam . Rain fall for millennia , cool the surface by degree . for age there . be no clear day of sun , no night of star ; only thunder and lightning . but by and by the mist drift off , the cloud part and the first land appear , a low island of meteoritic rubble and stark volcanic stone . with no plant to hold the land in place , wind and water carve the stone into fantastic shape . shadows move mathematically over the hill . the vast waste wait for nothing . each day be like the last . in the boil water of a hot spring , entity develop that can maintain they integrity in thefage of disturbance from without . they do not endure by maintain they rigidity . they be soft and yield . they resist change by themselves change endlessly , like . a whirlpool , invent variation on themselves which protect they from injury and accident and gradually create a world more favorable + 0 they growth . we can not tell precisely when or how life begin . it come not as a unique event , at a precise stroke of the clock . the first live thing be simple thermophile ; odd , marginal form , neither plant nor animal , barely over the indefinable line which separate the animate from the inanimate . they drift in solitude through the vast , lifeless sea , beneath the incandescent sky of a planet still rack by volcanic eruption and menace by the impact of comet and asteroid . in area protect from the wind , colony of bacteria appear as scum and mud , ntint the shore along the water - course , like bathtub ring . they have no predator ; death be something yet unknown . microbial mat appear _at the edge of the tide . they in turn give rise to stromatolite ; hard , chalky knob of rock , shape like cabbage or cauliflower , the architecture of generation of cyanobacteria live on top of each other , like coral in a reef . bacteria that once prey on each other learn gradually to live in community . as such community become hereditary , the first cell with a nucleus arise . together the bacteria arrive at a result which none by itself could have achieve . from the beginning , cooperation play as great a part as competition in the ascent of life . it succeed where naked power and selfishness do not , make the deadly enemy indispensable to each other 's survival . the struggle for existence be not life 's sole or fundamental law . be . slowly the bacteria creep inland , spread over the volcanic debris like a layer of feel . plant , magic jewel box of chlorophyll , soon abound . instead of draw nourishment from they surroundings , they produce it for themselves , transform sunlight and carbon into live tissue . photosynthesis have make life self - sufficient , just at the moment it be live on borrow time , in danger of eat up every particle of nourishment in the sea . now life can manufacture its own food -- no longer depend on get it , already make , from a source outside itself . some of the plant , lack chlorophyll , find it easier to prey on other than to manufacture ' heir own nourishment from lean water and sunlight . thus the first animal arise ; life robbing life ; assassin . alien as they appear , they show the beginning of need , of purpose and will ; the unmistakable mark of identity , the first true sign of self . something new have take root in nature ; something which be not drive by external force but set in motion from within , . prompt by itself and nothing else . colony of animal arise in which the function of life be cleverly divide . multicellular creature spread through the seas use every foothold they can find to establish a existence , no matter how narrow or constrain it might at first appear . we see the creation , not as a event in the distant past , the result of a finish and forget act , but rather as something which happen in every moment of time : no less a miracle now , ths present hour , than it be in the beginning . the film be like asteve , sifting the seed from the husk of appearance , the changeless from the change . volvox , sponge , sea fan , anemone , coral and jellyfish : the creature fill the newly hospitable water in inexhaustible number . there be no fish as yet ; no crab or shrimp or lobster . and yet it 's be a age of unparalleled opportunity ; for the first time , now and never again , a world free of competition . the wildest fancy be permit ; anything can find a place . bizarre being spring up from the sea 's imagination , then vanish forever : hallucingenia , opabinia , anomalocaris . segment worm appear , and after they the first vertebrate ; simple fish . spine and jaw allow the vertebrate to leave the sea floor , to give up grub in the mud for nourishment in order to prey on larger creature . 16 . predator shape they prey , drive they to develop stronger armor , great dexterity and speed . wondrous fact , that have life not be compel to face the threat of a violent death , it might never have rise above the ooze . death come as a late arrival to the creation , to give life a great capability and scope -- paradoxically , to make it stronger and more last . the light flash at the water 's surface above , beckone we higher . algae spread up from the sea . moss and liverwort appear . here , on land , the plant need not contend for light . they seem to rejoice in they new independence , to reach out with the vigor of being unexpectedly set free . by and by , the hill be carpete with a mat of diminutive green vegetation . frost and lichen break down the rock into a soil fit for the more develop plant still wait by the shore . horseshoe crab come up onto the shore to lay they egg . Sea water , rich as beer , froth and foam around they . where before there be no sound of life , now we hear the faint , familiar choir of insect . millipede forage on the mud flat . scorpion and ghost crab come out of the surf to prey on they . silverfish follow , and soon winge relative be in evidence . with the power of flight , the insect can range far and wide in search of food , scatter they seed and escape they enemy , though as yet no enemy have appear . be nature mere weather , do and undoing without end ? what do it work toward ? what purpose do it have in view ? nothing stand still or keep its place . all be growth and ceaseless unfold . one force work in all , advance swiftly from form to form , never linger in any single one , forever rush 09 ; witnin all thing , but not enclose ; outside all , but not eyclude . from time to time , lest we forget that we be share we hero 's perspective , we cuit back to Jack in the city , go through the motion of he everyday life . the first fish with amphibian trait gain the shore . swamp and marshland have replace the wide , windy plain of the precede age . the form of vegetation be simple , few . there be no reed or grasses . no flower break the gloom . the earth be a vast , wet eden . except near the pole , there be no season . each year be like the last . reptiles emerge from the amphibian , and dinosaur in turn from the reptile . among the dinosaur we discover the first sign of maternal love , as the creature learn to care for each other . 17 . be not love , too , a work of the creation ? what should we have be without it ? how have thing be then ? Silent as a shadow , consciousness have slip into the world . the plant kingdom , too , advance as the first seed plant emerge : cycad , araucarias , conifer and gingkos . exalting music alternate with long stretch of peaceful sound ; wind and wave and summer cricket . nature seem everywhere to be lead toward 's something . why this delay in arrive at its end ? why do it feel its way along -- wander , dawdle , delay ? why twist and turn and backtrack , as though it be find its way through a maze ? why establish hindrance and obstad @ S only to put itself to the trouble of devise stratagem for overcome they ? mammal peer out from they hide place if the tree , wait for the cold of night to descend and reduce the reptile to inactivity . none be larger than a squirrel , few larger than a mouse . they be a thin , precarious line -- inconspicuous in the general landscape , hold on against great odd , in constant danger of be extinguish altogether . this be the fate that befall the dinosaur instead , as a large asteroid slam into the earth , cover it for year in a pall of dust . the plant die off ; the larger reptile starve . for long year the earth lie fallow . gradually the mammal come forth to take up that nich which the dinosaur have leave vacant . nature seem to waste and blunder cruelly . and yet , except for this disaster , the dinosaur might have dominate the earth down tothe present day . how strange that calamity and disease should lead life forward ~~ prove indispensable to its unfold -- that such grandeur should rise up froma foundation of pain and death and ruin ! the ichneumon wasp , the crocodile , the shark -- to think that they , too , be the fruit of long , painstake labor and calculation -- bring forth with a equal care ! to think that they now go patiently about they task , burn with a life as real as ours ! grass and modern bird now make they appearance ; soon thereafter , the first primate . at last we come to man , the triumph of the earth , paragon of creature and miracle of miracle . he walk with head aloft , he shoulder broad and strong , he gaze fix on the heaven , the crown and glory of creation . . 18 . we suggest , in quick succession , the step by which he move from a life of nomadic savagery to a settle , stable culture . he tame the reindeer and the wild sheep . he thatches he roof to keep out the shaft of rain . he draw furrow through the earth and guide the water to he field . what a short time we race have occupy this globe , what a late arrival we be after all -- a beginning -- creature more of the future than of the past ! a unspeakably great future it might be , and yet , though nature should be sufficient to we want , we have set ourselves against it , and against each other . everything sing in the great chorus ; each know its place and be happy . man alone do not . i even now we live in the first day . the splendor of nature 's '' distant beginning shine within we . yet somehow we have lose we way . tare stand among the grain : bright red poppy , thistles and thorns . the ravage earth . the ruin of ancient city . great wall throw down by war . dry , abandon well . the stone head of some ancient god , bury to he neck in sand . a temple engulf by the sea . why do the world lie break and in heaps ? where do it all go wrong ? we hero be leave , if not quite where he be before , nevertheless in - doubt and misgive . he trust nature to answer he question . it answer some but raise other in turn . we have lose the eternal ~~ within we and without . how do it first come to pass ? how do it happen even now , today , in the life of each and all ? a ladder , lead up into a tree . a spring , run from a rock . a rise . how shall we recover the eternal which . increasingly we seek for , without know how we should ? part two ext . shore , house , bridge , gate , SPARKS , etc . - bomarzo , collodi , bagnaia , etc . - starling fast , wide - angle shot ; the tempo quick and lively after the adagio of nature . 19 . a shore . Beyond it a dark , unbounded plain . figure in the mist . soul , as yet unborn . Children , - of all race , five or six year old . before they stand a burn lamp . they press towards it , each hold a candle which he light at the source . one by one , cupping the flame , they go out of the darkness . a ancient garden , enclose by a wall . a peacock . Water flow from the mouth of a gargoyle in the center of the garden and run down into a pool . they drink from it . they pass through a gate . Cross a bridge . ext . tunnel , cave , book , measuring stick - iceland the soul keep close together . presently , ome come forward from among the rest : a boy . helper -- we c@n not see they face -- whisper in he ear . one motion he to come towards a door . he hesitates . a woman in a bridal gown , she face cover by a veil , show he she wedding ring ; a field of sunflower ; give he a tiny book which he must eat . ext . tree , porch light , river , Pov coming out of cave in quick cut , the child look back at the house from which he come . already it seem far away . he see the porch light of he future home . moth hover about the yellow lamp . Dust float up from they wing . a figure whisper in he e@or - a hand motion he forward . now he stand by a Wide riv@r his Pov , as though from a boat come out of the darkness of a sea-cave , into the light . ext . o'brien house we return to the open of the movie : to the tall oak tree in front of the o'brien 's house . a thousand age to lay down a bed of mud , a thousand more to shape a leaf or build a tree -- and all this labor to prepare a live soul ! the soul : the crown and apex of creation : the self , the center and inside of nature . great not in space and time , but in capacity , in depth and power of apprehension . where do it come from ? when be it first bear ? how do it advance ? towards what ? how do it happen that I be I , and you be you ? 20 . the slow , dark birth of the soul -- great , more mysterious than the birth of world . int . bedroom - night a darken house . the night throbs with cricket . a moonlit window . a curtain whisper over the sash . a visitor . a sound of thrashing cloth . culdoscopy — embryo - warm , loving music the first sign of life : the punctum salien , the heart 's germ and precursor , beat in sharp throbs . systole , diastole . slowly the fetus grow , cohere . foot , eye , fingernails . nature , so prodigal with wonder outside we , have place the great within . a boy . fed by he mother 's blood , he sleep in the warm night of she body . tight on he ear , listen to the sound of the world beyond . somewhere there be laughter . bell be ringing . still he drowse . int . submerge room - special set —- lit floor lamp , .etc . the water 's surface beckon . love voice whisper encouragement to he . what world lie up there -- unguess , unseen ? slowly , he rise towards it . his hand feel here and there , push at a door , tap -- tap , tap -- the womb -- that s@nctuary where all he want be know and answer -- have become a prison , a tomb . he mist break out , whatever the cost . he can delay no longer . forward , out of the night to the land of day ! birth - first human sound - first breath his mother gasp , brave against the pain . there be bead of perspiration on she lip . at last the child burst forth in a gush of blood . he draw he first breath . his cry be mix with hers . . baby pove ~- mother' smile , hand , etc . his mother 's smile : the first thing he perceive . it cover he with light . she be goodness , peace , the fountain of life : hers be the very breath of paradise . wordlessly , she speak with he soul . he can not tell where she leave off and he begin . from. the beginning she ignore she interest and convenience to serve he . 21 . but who be this -- he father ? they relation be not as clear . Mr. o' brien look at he wife as the child be pass into he arm . tear of joy sting he eye . what have we do ? he seem to ask . the child have awaken from out of nothing , rise from the uncomprehend dust . why now ? not earlier , or a thousand year hence ? he look with a heart of trust . no care assault he that he mother cannot answer ; no pain , no troubling need . her touch put fear to flight . a perfect love surround he . Father and mother speak as one . he life in a world free of contradiction . color , shape , curious sound : at first oothing cohere . then , little by little , thing assume @ sense . letter by letter , he spell they out . what new dre qm be this ? she look at he in wonder . his ear , like a sea-shell fresh from the surf ; he hand and arm and mouth , tremble from time to time as though in fear . o that world that death know not ! he grasp he mother 's finger . her hand cup he foot . the world be bound by she smile . the sun be a toy . int . o'brien bedroom - infancy - music [ 2b ] she look at he in he crib . he shout with delight . everything run togéther ; a blur , a dream . he hold he hand close to he face . the light on the tree in the live room shine red , green and blue . his father play the piano . she lean down over he . all bless , nourishment , beauty proceed from she . the promise of deep joy ! outside , the oak tree throbs with cicadas . a sprinkler tick back and forth . flowers , animal , boy - forced perspective set everything be bigger and more animated later it will appear . thing speak with he directly . a dragonfly look at he , then dart on . at night the curious moon peer in through he window . mother , come ! where be I now ? jack momma ! 22 . a ball roll ahead of he . he can not close he hand around it . he reach in .a bucket of minnow . the little fish sing as they run from he hand . his mother watch as he take he first step . she feel a pinprick in she chest , a pinch : to see he first attempt at independence , freedom , detachment . he chase the sky . hé wrap himself in skirt of light . he laugh with delight as she catch he up into she arm . the table walk , the faucet sing . his happiness in infinite . but in a picture from the story book -- the crocodile pull on the elephant by he nose . why ? why do he do that ? he father ~ music he touch he father 's beard . father sandpaper ! his father take a coin out of he ear . how ? he sit he on he knee and play horse . brrumpphh ! up and down they go . he shriek with delight . the neighbor have come by . Mr. bigden make big face . the grow - up be heroes and giant in the earth . father ( cont 'd ) we have +he Commander over for dinner -- he little devil bit he on 4he ankle ! int . hall - music he want to go down the dark hall , but he be afraid to by himself . he turn to he mother . she understand , come forward to take he hand . overhead , the ceiling open as the attic fan click on . : ext . front porch , other infant pove he pick the neighbor ' tulip and bring they to she in a wagon . mother oh , sweetheart ! they belong to we neighbor ! but you be very sweet to bring they to you mother . yes , you arel 23 . she do not frown or scold he . she kiss the bottom of he foot . she bend over and blow on he tummy to make he laugh . she slip he into he pjs . lying near she heart , hearing its faint thud , he know peace . they attunement grow . they be wrap together like two vine . one in soul . still . he throw he bottle on the floor . patiently she fetch it again . she set two color ball in front of he . he touch they , and they roll away , as though with a life of they own . Cloud , grass , sun , water , flower : the world be a rebus . wordiessly , it speak with he -- int . crib - new child - window a crib stand in front of a bright window , a new child lie in it ; he brother rl . how friendly the universe look to he mother now ! a gift from the light ! how kind the divinity who favore she this way ! she be bear at the same time as she child . she learn from they laughter . she grow . up with they . she whisper a bless . Jack look at he new brother . at : first he do not share he mother 's pleasure . when will it do something ? will it go . back to the hospital ? . jack baby night night ! he hear the baby 's shout of joy , its squeal and warble of delight . now he must share she love . she hold it instead . tight on book of animal lion , tiger , dog , bird : he name the creature . she show they to he in a book , and he name they one by one . baby block . letter shape into new combination . the world assume a sense , move towards a design . ext . front yard -— moving outdoors for the first time mother and father plant a sweetgum tree to mark the new baby 's birth . they take he picture next to it . the tree 's growth will serve as a measure of . the child 's own . 24 . Far away a bell ring . he rush out to look for the ice cream truck . his grandmother call he away from the street . she look for he , she cannot find he . he understand that he can hide from she . the tension be too great : jack here 's I ! we move in widen circle , farther and farther away from he first , familiar world . underwater shot ( swimming pool ) weightless , he bounce through the shallow end of a swim pool , he foot push off the bottom . mother hold you nose ! not out in the deep ! int . parent ' bedroom he sneak into he parent ' bedroom . in a chest of drawer , he discover he father 's campaign ribbon , a commendation from the admiral , scapular from the sister of St. Anne , chinese money in fantastic denomination . he marvel at the mystery of they separate life . suddenly , he hear a noise . he turn to discover he mother in the doorway . 1 mother ther@s where we keep we thing , sweetheart . leave that alone . all ci ght ? he nod . she overlook he fault , he fit of willfulness and temper . the music babhes all thing in love . ext . first snow he reach out to feel he first snow . she stand behind he smile . another day - steve he turn around at the sound of a baby 's cry . jack where 's he momma ? mother he 's you new brother . 25 . jack how many of they will there be ? on closer examination he find the child fascinating . he touch it , stroke its skin . ext . the chow dog - dusk he fear a dog that life down the street with Howard and rusty Wells , two neighbor the boy ' own age ; a chow with a purple tongue and a curling tail . there be a menace in its eye . the instant it appear , panic enter he blood . his mother feel he clutch she hand more tightly , as though he understand that he be small and vulnerable . she give he a look to say : I will protect you . int . o'brien house - the new babys crit '' Jack want to stroke the new baby , then to pour a glass of water on he . a glance from he mother restrain he . ext . the stickley ' - a property line next door , across a vacant lot teeming with snake and lizard , stand a dilapidate house . no one have ever see the owner come in or go out . father stay away . do not bother they . that 's the stickley ' property . start at this line . he look at the ground , but where the vacant lot leave off and the stickley 's yard begin , he cannot tell and do not care . jack pove his parent . guard he carefully from the sight of anything which might disturb he . one day , when he see a man roll wildly on the ground , he mother put she hand over he eye . sweep he up into she arm , she carry he away . he look at she with a frown . what be in that man ? bath time . fear be forget . the boy make no effort to cover they nakedness . everything be pure and without blemish . all quarrel be hide from he eye ; all sickness , suffer and death . he know what Adam do . 26 . CUT , merthiolate , spinning on the grass , spinning fan he hear he mother sing in the kitchen . she catch he by the hand and 'spin he round and round , until he be so dizzy he can no longer stand up , but stumble around drunkenly until he sink down in the grass . the whirling fan . Water from the hose . he love all that flow . the 4th of July : a sparkler make figure in the night . laughter be the dominant tone of thig section . knowledge be delight . sorrow be a pass thing . all glow from deep within . he fall and cut he knee . it hurt when she put on the drop , but then she blow the pain away . mother all right .now ? he laugh . with the touch of she hand , she restore he to peace . soap bubble he blow soap bubbles into . the air ; wondrous , iridescent . they drift off and be go . Delight do not last . gradually , the subte radiance pass from thing , as though a layer of cloud have come over the sun . slowly as the dawn , the boy be grow up . Music help to indicate this change . something violent and unfamiliar disturb he when he see he mother pay the much attention to he little brother . gradually the world enter he life . Little by little , he will come to set great store by thing he never dreamt of before . he snatch a toy away from rl . jack mine ! jack pove rl see a cat : 27 . rl be he scared of kid ? what do he do to kid ? do he lick kid ? lamp Jack knock over a lamp . it fall to the floor and break . his mother enter the room . mother do you do this ? be you boy horsing around ? ( Jack nod ) you always tell the truth . you be a good boy . be more careful next time . crayon drawing she compliment rl on a draw he have do . Jack put he own aside . already rl be the better artist . jack who .do you love most ? mother I love you all the same . jack all three ? ( she nod ) can I tell you something he do ? mother '' would he mind you tell I ? so fine a scruple have not occur to he . he learn from she the subtle way of honor , truth . the supreme joy that life can offer be to see she pleased , as when one do well in school , or tell the truth . ext . o'brien house ( front yard ) when some of the neighborhood kid push rl into a puddle , Jack rush at they with a stick and put they to flight . jack clear out ! he fling rock at the retreate figure . rl look at he gratefully . as they go back to the house , he put he arm around he big brother 's waist . Music enter . 28 . ext . o'brien house ( backyard ) - music - dusk the family be sit out on the back terrace . Chicken be cooking in the smoker . she take rl up into she arm and point toward the horizon . the sun have just set ; the sky be a furnace of light . mother that 's where God life . the other world ~ music the world be not yet something completely know and real . it continue to seem as though some nook or passageway might give they access to another land . one might pry up a floorboard , or at the back of the close discover some unsuspected room . that other world : where do it lie ? Inside the wall , in the crawl space underneath the house : who might live there ? he get down on he knee . and look through a vent . he peer into a far corner of the attic . within he world it seem there be another world ; a nest of world . int . boy ' room - night night have fall . Mrs. o' brien sit by the baby 's crib and sing a lullaby . mother bye ; baby bunt , daddy 's go a- hunt , to get a little rabbit skin she kiss rl goodnight - she shut out the light . the fan turn back and forth . in they young heart , she be the name for God . jack leave it on . the tiny nightlight watch over they sleep , burn evenly through the long hour until morning . in the moonlight the bush assume a tropical size ; the leave be paint silver . you would think the moon have choose where to shine . Mrs. o' brien come back to give rl a aspirin crush in a spoonful of molass . 29 . rl what 's that noise ? mother nothing . rl can you push the chest of drawer against the wall ? there be a narrow crack between they . what might slide in through it ? Jack feel lean and alone in the vast palace of the night . mother now sleep -- like good boy . the shadow dance on the ceiling . tt be ' hough they be alive . strange face peer out at they from the darkness . nothing stand still . thing come and go , ebb and flow . steve ( 0.s. ) why do the moon follow I ? no sooner have she leave the room , than the boy be up and about . they bounce on they bed . they inspect the glow tube in the back of the radio . they take voyage under the sheet and blanket . they hold a flashlight underneath they face . new angle when they mother comp in later , she at first cannot locate they . one child be under he bed , another sleep on the floor . she lift +hem up , and put they back in they place , kiss they and close the door . Light shine through the keyhole . his infancy have pass away , as though in a single day . his innocence be end . int . boy ' room - five year later [ 2c ] Jack wake up . all be as it be before . where be he ? the sweetgum tree that be plant at he brother 's birth mark the passage of five year . his eye until now have be shield from the sight of evil , suffer and death ; he family united , with no hint of contradiction between he mother and father . the world cohere . thing assume they conventional name and take they customary place . we settle into the main epoch of the story . 30 . Jack be now 11 year old , in 6th grade , he brother 9 and 6 . rl be a gentle boy , love by all , quiet and generous , with a good sense of humor . Steve be combative , wild , but brave and loyal , too . a title card read : " TEXAS , 1956 " . where before we keep entirely to the family 's house , we now shall venture farther and farther into the neighborhood and eventually out into the town in central Texas where they live , far from the world at large . the neighbor ' yard be shade by oak tree and surround by low hedge that the child have cut gap through . the o'brien house stand with five or six other on the last street in a subdivision . its front be turn towards the other house . behind it lie the open wood : roll hill of juniper , break here and there by cow pasture . ext . neighbor ' lawns - simpler time now that the heat of the afternoon be past , the neighbor lay they hose out . the sprinkler start up with a cough . stand with they sleeve roll up , the man regard they gravely , each adjust he faucet until the water fall precisely to the lawn 's perimeter . rapt as a bird , Jack watch the sprinkler spin round and round , until he hear he mother call he home . int . o'brien house she be prepare dinner . she notice that the child have grow steadily more quiet and watchful . - mother do you swepthe patio , honey ? do you gebyour room ? the boy go quickly about they chore . they sweep up the patio and wet it down with a hose to make it look fresh . they pull up a few handfuls of . crab grass and leave they in a conspicuous place . then , in the distance , they see a green studebaker approach . new angle the tire hiss on the concrete . the boy be still and expectant . a moment later they father step through the front door . father hi , sweetheart ! boy ! 31 . he kiss they mother and turn to face they . they do not know quite how to act with he . he catch they up into he arm -- physically show they every sign of affection -- but they be wary of he and hold themselves apart . they understand that he be devote to they . he would never abandon they , no , but always protect they . still they do not trust he . he pour himself a shot of rye , pass the glass back and forth under he nose , then toss it down . as soon as he back be turn , the boy slip away . father ( cont 'd ) wait a minute ! ext . o'brien house - lawn he show Jack a patch of they lawn tnat ' 5 overrun with crab grass and burr . father do you pick the weed along the side of the house ? or only where I could see ? ( Jack shake he head ) they be back again . you need to pull they up by the root . you can not just yank off the top . he show Jack what he mean . to the child it seem the weed must run off to tk no of the earth ; a labor beyond he strength . int . dine room the boy look at each other from underneath they eye as they father say grace . father Lord , bless this house , and all that who live within it . bless this food to we use , and we to thy loving and faithful service , and make we ever mindful of the need of other . amen . dinner be a nervous time , often a little hell . a symphony be play on the record player . from time to time Mr. o'brien leap up from the table to conduct a 2 passage that have inspire he . 32 . steve be I dream ? jack pass the butter , please . father '' pass the butter , please , Sir . " jack sir. father so , what do you do today 2 jack go to school . father after that . jack nothing . father do you practice you piano ? Jack study the bead of moisture on he aluminum glass . father ( cont 'd ) what about the yard ? . jack I pick where you tell I to . father do you put in more runner ? jack uh huh . father " yes , Sir . " it do not look like it . we will see . the boy regard he warily . his sharp , sarcastic word , and order so irrational he hardly expect that they will be obey . he never ask what they do at school . he do not know the name of they friend . be he to inquire , they would suspect it be a trap . 33 . the boy bolt down they food . a shadow pass over Jack 's eye as rl be take to task . his mother see this and reach out to caress he hair . the little knot of anger melt away . the and she it ; father ( cont 'd ) you like that blouse on you mother ? rl yes , sir . father I get it for she in saltillo . the same blouse here would cost $ 40 . rl Nice . father ( to Mrs. o' brien ) I get a urgent message from tampico . there 's a fellow down there who want to consult with I . he want to take I fishing on he yacht and get my advice . I tell he I be too busy . mother Mr. reese like Jack 's book report and say he want he to build a model . he offer to come over and hel music have distract Mr , o' brien . he leap from he chair turn up the volume . father . what 's that play , sweetheart ? it start with a " B " . shake she head . his wild energy sweep all thing before he seldom wait for a answer . father ( cont 'd ) what 's my favorite food ? mother Lamb ? Fresh peas ? father no , no ! keep on ! 34 . . mother Rice ? father right ! okay , start from there . b-r - she offer no guess . he frown . be she defy he ? father ( cont 'd ) brahm ! brahm ! he conduct the music with passionate gesture . he point to the photograph of toscanini on the record jacket . sometimes he act so like a child that the child themselves be embarrassed . see the look of cold anger in Jack 's eye , he -come over and kiss he . he know the boy do not like be kiss . he do it anyway ; partly , they suspect , for that very reason . father ( cont 'd ) he write this in 1883 . everyone tell he he be finish , that he would never write a decent piece of music again , so he work hard and go off in a park -- and sit under a tree . and he see a deer run under the tree , and it give he the idea . the boy eye each other . everyone know that he be lie . do not he care ?. ather ( cont 'd ) 1 read a article about it . int . kitchen after dinner , the child scrape they plate and leave they in the sink to soak . they waste no time get out of the house . they run , afraid that he might call they back . ext . neighborhood the boy clasp each other by the wrist and spin each other round and round , until they be so dizzy that they knee buckle and they fall down in the grass . rl another thing you can do -- press down on the top of you head this way -- then you grow ! 35 . they practice heroic , diving catch . steve tie I to a tree ! nobody help ! ( once this be do ) help ! help ! eventually , rl come back and unty he . rl squeeze the trunk of the tree . he feel it rock back and forth in he arm -- know the savage life beneath its bark . they string word together to make a Magic formula that can cause they to vanish into thin air . rl caleecha makeecha ! later Firefly appear beneath the branch . frog flop in the cold , drown grass . the boy wrest the iron lid off the water meter . beneath it , a toad sit still as a stone . against the darken sky , somewhere beyond the horizon , they begin to make out the red light of a radio tower . Jack and rl go look for the bate boy . Steve call out to they to wait up . he want to come along , too . Jack shake he head . he will only slow they down . jack go back and wait on the porch . Count to fifty , then you come . rl let hiw come . Jack consider the request . maybe they could lure he into a trap or push he off the roof . Steve will do anything they ask of he . steve be I dream ? jack come on ! 36 . game the splash a big rock make when it plunge into the water ! the pleasure of destroy a ant mound ! the burn of a rope racing through you hand ! they play Annie Annie over with Harry and Joe bate . cayler , the kid from oak Ridge Lane , drift over . other follow . harry you be skinny . cayler so what ? harry people say I be short . they mount they bicycle and skid on +he slick part of the street . traffic be episodic in this part of town . Howard Wells appear , a gaunt child who life in the last house on the block , where the road turn to gravel . they smoke a vine . they cut across lawn and through flower bed . fence mean nothing to they ; they make no distinction of property . they play without permission wherever they choose . the stickley ' house - dusk they look through q gate at the stickley ' house . even after dark no light burn bithia it . the boy suspect the occupant must be very peculiar , or have something to hide . howard they be here before anybody else move in . nobody 's ever see ‘em ! jack they would not mind a visitor , Howard . cayler maybe you should drop in . rl they have be wait for you ! Howard yelp as they push he towards the gate . they laugh and run away . 37 . kide not it ! not it ! they know the other world in they play . it call to they , summon they . it seem to want they to find it . they run through the sprinkler , to feel the water splash up under they chin . they throw a baseball back and forth over the roof until they can barely see it against the darken sky . they play kick-the -can . they be out where the pavement end and the new house be go up , when +hey begin to hear they mother ' voice . mrs . bate ( 0.5 ) Harry ! Joe ! the other child drift away ; first the bate boy , then cayler . finally only Howard Wells be leave . mother ( 0.s. ) rl! stevie ! her lovely voice float on the evening air . jack we have get to go , Howard . howard we caq still play on the porch . he seem reluctant to leav@ - he hang around , as though he have nowhere elg to play : rl you mom do not care what time you get home ? you be lucky . Howard shrug . maybe so . jack we have get to go . Howard give they a blank , haunt look . then , without say a word , he turn and head home . the boy can barely make they mother 's figure out where she stand by the porch light in the gather darkness . how pleasant to defy she -- to pretend you have not hear -- to dissolve into the night , where even the dog be blind . 38 . mother ( 0.s. ) come in ! they race around in the dark , make noise . the wind rush past they . it still want to play . steve scorpion ! scorpion dance ! they dance around , to keep the scorpion who come up onto the warm patio at dusk from sting they -- leaping about like dervish , spin , shriek with laughter and fear . to be dissolve into something great , to know a more : this be happiness . : mother , come in right now , you little potlicker ! a boy name Robert watch from the distance . int . live room - night they slip quietly toward they bedroom , hope to avoid they father , who sit bya gooseneck lamp read the paper . father Son ? come here . reach I my lighter . he could as easily reach it himself . it seem he want to harass the child , +o demonstrate he authority . Jack glance at he mother , who leok at the ground as soon as she meet he eye . ' jack can not you reach it ? his father do not answer . Jack go over , pick up the lighter , give it to he and start off toward the bedroom . father have not you forget something ? he point to he cheek . the child come over and give he a kiss goodnight . father ( cont 'd ) be that all I get ? Jack kiss he again , coldly , and give he a hug . 39 . father ( cont 'd ) you love you father ? jack yes , sir . father good . int . boy ' room Jack say goodnight to the rock in he rock collection . he whisper they name : apatite , chalcedony , azurite , obsidian . rl ( 0.8 -+- and please do not let aay catastrophes happen while '' rim still alive . amen . jack Pov on he father - night Mr. o' brien have go into the live room to play the piano . Jack watch he through a crack in the door . they father be a accomplish musician . they home be never more friendly and at peace than when he sit at the piano , play bach or chopin . int . boy ' room ~ day Day stream through the window . the sparrow fuss underneath the eave . mother ' the laziest boy I have ever see ! she reach under the cover and tickle they foot . when this do not work , she come back with a tray of ice cube wrap in a dish towel and lay it against they back . rl no fair ! Jack look outside . the studebaker be go . there be laughter in the kitchen . jack stevie ! they call to they little brother . when he come run down the hall , they jerk a rope they have conceal in a seam of the carpet , and he go sprawling . 40 . he be silent for a moment , then get up quickly , laugh . Shep race around in mad excitement . mother hurry , or you will be late ! rl Mom ? every night do you grow ? Mom -- suppose somebody steal we clothes ? mother then you will just have to run home bare - naked ! she pat he on the cheek . he be the gentlest of the boy . when he be a infant , he only want +p sit on she lap . Jack suspect that he might be she favorite . ext . waco STREET Jack and rl run to school . ext . school they part reluctantly as the first bell ring . no school friend can take a brother 's place . int . fifth -grade classroom Jack 's teacher , Mr. reese , be a dapper man with a high voice and a Clark gable moustache . Jack glance around nervously . he have trouble keep he mind on the lesson ; trouble , too , get along with the other child . he do not know why . there be a prety ) freckle girl whom he would particularly like to make ag impression on . her name be Marsha . she be graceful , with long brown hair . her smile leave he pleasantly confuse . he listen in rapture as Marsha stand in front of the whole class and sing , " once I have a secret Love . " boy ( 0.s - ) she 's nice and stuff . I put a roach in she desk . when he come upon she alone in . the hall -- the opportunity he have be wait for -- he heart come to he throat , and he walk past she without say a word . Al . ext . downtown STREET - lame man one afternoon with he mother , Jack see a lame man hobbling along the sidewalk . he watch in pity and horror as the man limp away . that shape could be he . nothing that he know or possess could defend he . it might happen at any moment . without rhyme or reason . it might be right around the corner , or come up from behind . he turn to he mother : jack . be this a rare thing ? can it happen to anyone ? she look at he , nod . a trouble come into he mind . he do not know the cause . she can make hurt and fear go away . but sickness ? what if one of they get sick ? what if she herself do ? he remember a man in the barber shop with one shoe bigger than the other . what. do it hide , that big shoe ? int . live room ~ grandmother some day afterwards he grandmother be visit . her bright spirit do not distract he from notice she arthritic hand , the vein in she arm , she bunion foot project off the end of the ttoman . again , he feel a strange pity , that be mix with q certain horror , too . be this he fate ? his mother 's ? why do m0 one speak of what haunt he ? he can not believe dhat he might die , or ever lie in the grave . no , death do not apply to he . his mother reassure he : mother we all get old . it 's nothing to be frighten of . jack like that ? will you ? ( she nod ) will 1 ? mother everyone . look at Shep ! he remember Austin , the skinny boy who could not stop pace . he remember a woman shouting at she boyfriend on a downtown street , and a crazy woman who call he over to see a baby carriage with a doll stretch out in it . 42 . it seem there be thing he can no longer escape with a leap into she lap . the world be a burn house . and still she smile quickly cheer he . he forget what he see grandmother you let this kid run wild . mother they be so curious , Mom -- so anxious to learn . I spend most of my time try to stop fight between they . what a full they be like wild horse . grandmother . no discipline . there 's the biggest change in that boy when heir dad come home ! Little devil ! ( to Steve ) I know you ! ext . neighborhood - ddt truck steve the ddt truck ! already other kid be run behind the truck which periodically pass through the neighborhood to spray for mosquito . Jack and rl laugh and shout and wave they arm , run joyfully - in and out of the cloud of insecticide . the driver laugh and wove as though he be drive a ice - cream truck . Howard dee to look at 's Jack when he ask : howard you want to spend the night at my house ? ext . well ' house - dusk Howard lead Jack towards he house . in the fade light it appear oddly : solitary . no light shine from within . int . well ' house Jack have look forward to come here . but he heart sink as he enter the house for the first time . the heavy drape be draw tight shut . one breathes a atmosphere of sorrow , a air of insufferable gloom . the mere contemplation of the dark Spanish furniture , the mount antelope head and limp , dusty magazine unnerve he . 43 . there be stack of old papers here and there . cardboard box stand in the corner , yet unpack . the live room be like a attic ; the light be dim , and the lampshade yellow with age . there be withere rose in a vase .-. no life here , only a memory of life . Howard be shy enough when they be play , but now he seem especially silent and afraid . he look around anxiously for some game to play . Mrs . Wells knock thing over in the kitchen , 's weaving as she prepare they dinner . she wear a bathrobe . Jack do not get a clear look at she . howard . she say we could do anydhin we want . they walk on a table . they drink pop and play with knife . Howard even throw a knife into the back of a door . jack where 's you dad , Howard ? Howard make a gesture as though to say : he just take off ! go ! Jack see that Mrs. Wells be in she bedclothes , though it be not time for bed . he turn to Howard , who look away . he gaze at Mrs. Wells with astonishment and dread . he be careful to spare Howard 's feeling and smile awkwardly . a few minute later , he ask Howard if he can use the phone . Howard nod . Jack call he mother . he take care to speak softly . Howard is stand nearby but , with a exquisite consideration , be turn away . jack ( cont 'd ) mother , can I come home ? mother ( 0.s8 . ) what 's the matter , hon ? jack nothing . I can walk . Howard do not seem surprised . he make no protest . Jack shake he hand , in a awkward effort to reassure he of he friendship . rusty peer out of he room at the older boy . he have be quiet the whole time . 44 , ext . well house - dusk Jack go home , drag he blanket behind he . the wellis ' chow dog watch but do not chase he . the unhappy house loom in the background as the whistle of a distant train pierce the stillness . int . o'brien house - night Jack throw himself into he mother 's arm . jack there 's nothing like that , be there ? she frown . he can not tell she what be disturbing he . thing no longer speak with one voice . he have descend into the world of duality . int . boy ' room that night he mother say a prayer by they bed ; a rare occurrence . while she hear they prayer , she do not often join in they . they glance at each other . jack mother , which one of we do you love most ? mother I love you all three the same . jack but ~~ we do not care -- who most ? she laugh and kiss rl 's foot . jack ( cont 'd ) how can you do that ? it 's disgusting . mother well , I be sorry . his foot be cold . jack yeah , but you do not kiss they ! rl tease he brother with a glance . she read the story of Peter rabbit to the young boy . she have do so a hundred time before . it be the only story they ask to hear . 45 . mother " \... but do not go into Mr. macgregor 's garden . you father have a accident there ; he be put in a pie by Mrs. macgregor . " now only Jack be still awake . mother ( cont 'd ) what 's you favorite part of school ? jack | lunch . she look at rl who lie nearby . mother you love you little brother , do not you ? jack uh huh . I do not know how far he will get . mother what do you mean ? jack when we be out in the wood , he just like to gawk at the fish . and sometimes -- mother what ? jack --~ he. do not stick up for himself , or hit back . what 's go to happen to he ? ( she smile ) you can talk he out of he money or whatever he have in he pocket . he keep a dead minnow in he wallet . just think about it make I want to throw up . I be not kid . she laugh . at the same time , it trouble she to see the first sign of self in he . she know the way this road must lead . 46 . whether it be he grandmother , or Mrs. Wells in she drape room , or the lame man downtown , Jack quickly forget every disturbance in the mystery that come punctually at the end of the day , when the world melt away and he enter the land of forget . int . dine room —- with idealized image of other home Mr. o' brien clink a glass with he . spoon to get they attention . father Lord , bless this house . May there be peace within its wall . May all who live here be true to each other . and please be good 4 + Ed , my brother . he 's be 300d +o hundred of people . amen . ( after a pause ) take you elbow off the table . jack I be go to . father you defy I . jack what 's that ? father you know . one do not feel he a be cause by this trifle of put one 's @lbow on nhe table , but that it be there to begin with . it do mot last long . a moment later he might be show they affection . kiss they . pinch they butt . they do not like it , but he do not seem to care . father ( cont 'd ) it 's how I be raise ! he have a taste for hot pepper . the imprint of he kiss burn they cheek . - father ( cont 'd ) why be you whimper ? steve I feel a scorpion crawl up my back . father nonsense . 47 . steve it happen the other night . I squeeze he till he be dead . the older boy laugh . father you may leave the table . he turn to Jack . father ( cont 'd ) will you continue to defy I ? I need to know . either you take I into you confidence , as a son should he father , or -~ wait , you be interrupt 's I -- I be not do yet . do you think I can finish ? thank you , you m@ésty . Jack grind he tooth . father ( cont 'd ) you could do this simple thing if you really want to . say " Sir " . not slam the screen door . I will give you one more chance . be you a good boy ? then do as I ask . obey you father . he rule the world from he chair at the head of the table . his opinion be correct . he can tell other how to order they life , what they should do . every other opinion be willful , mad . int . hall later , Jack overhear he mother and father whisper in the live room . mother ( 0.s . ) you have not file a income tax return for the last three year ... gamble we savings away ... card ... father ( 0.s . ) with you have a equal chance . besides , I have deny myself . I have the right to a few pleasure ! Jack approach the door to the live room , slightly ajar . 48. mother ( 0.s. ) you be never home . I do not know whether it 's good or bad ... father ( 0.s. ) ... throw it back in my face ! mother ( 0.s. ) we love each other . I think it would last forever . I want to die in you arm . you remember how happy we be . you remember -- Jack do not stir . he know somethi be amiss . he never suspect it might be anything so dawk and unfathomable . mother ( qs ) ( cont 'd ) I think I could make you jove I , but I see you can not do that . T do not know what make somebody love you , but it 's not something you do . you do not get it by be kind or generous or anything like that -- bug dive into the screen and bounce off with a thrum . the fight leap and lurch about . as Jack approach the door , they word gradually become more coherent , until at last we cut to they inside the live room . mother ( cont 'd ) they get anxious when they know you on you way home . they jump around . you discipline they too much . you expect they to act like adult . you @xpect thing of they they can not possibly achieve . father they learn respect . mother that 's not how to get they to respect you . can not you see they be afraid of you -- they own father ? father . you do not back I up . they have ten time what we ever do . mother you be never happy with anything they do . 49 . mother ( cont 'd ) there 's always something wrong with it . even you own mother tell you so ! father leave she out of this ! Jack see rl be awake , sit down beside he and hug he close . rl study a compass . the needle move without be touch . _ mother ( 0.s. ) we can not keep on like this . we be drive each other crazy . why do you act like such a tyraul ? she suffer from he injustice toward the child , from he dark , inexplicable rage . she feelg she self , everything , be annihilate by he . she have lose she freedom . father ( 0.s. ) you want to see what a tyrant be like ? ' he can not break free of she . she be the rock on which he stand . yet she will not be one with he . he seem to come apart inside . a lust for destruction fill he blood . yet what do he have in life but she ? nothing . rl what be Mom cry about ? jack she 's not cry . rl listen . jack well , she will not cry for long . rl why be they that way ? int . live . room the next day the boy be very solicitous of they mother . they fix she a sandwich and bring she a cup of tea . she keep she pain to herself . whom can she confide in ? neighbor talk , and she would alarm that whom she love . she be lonely , far from she own people . in shorthand , for discretion 's sake , she jot down she thought . 50 . ext . o'brien house - clothesline Jack watch she set the laundry out to dry . mother what be you think , hon ? jack nothing . she begin to chase he ; a girl again . he run around the house , breathless with delight . then , all at once , he do not hear she . when he go back to look for she , she jump out of the shadow . he do not lau jack ( cont 'd ) do not fight with dad . she look away , embarrassed . how much doeg he know ? his heart aches for she , constantly . she feel he back of she , wait on she , bear what part of the burden he can . ext . o'brien house -— lawn Mr. o' brien inspect the lawn . father get clear to the edge . jack there 's so much . all crab grass . I can not . Z will not . father be you sure ? Jack look away , back down . he hate himself for it . later , he watch hig father strop a straight razor . ext . brazos river his father be teach he how to swim , mock he fear , call he farther , out into the deep . his foot be barely able to touch the muddy rock at the bottom . there be no one on the shore . no one to see . father come out . farther . why ? Jack gasp for air . would he father -- why so far ? 51 . father ( cont 'd ) swim . a Pov look up from the depth . what lie below ? jack be that a water moccasin ? father do you see the head and that 's all ? that 's a turtle . later , dress together , he look at he father 's powerful body . he be weak and slight while he flather be strong . ext . o'brien house - lawn - dusk he pick crab grass at the edge of tne yard . tear come to he eye . the oak tree look down as though in sympathy . int . live room - dusk he almost have make he way through the live room when he father put down the newspaper . father do you get it all ? Jack nod . he deceive he father . this way be better , though it hurt he sense of honor . he still tell he mother the truth . jack elie 68nd mother do not . I have tell lie myself . I have try it . it 's not the best way . int . kitchen - tight on hand Jack have divide a cupcake he mother baked into two portion . Steve wait for he . turn to Jack , she ask : mother be they equal ? give he the piece you want . it be a revelation . she send the boy out with raspberry with instruction to leave they on Mrs. stickley 's front step . 52 . int . boy ' room - night tonight it be they father who come to visit they before they go to sleep . he turn the gooseneck lamp towards the wall and amuse they by make silhouettes on it with he hand . a duck ! a bear ! a dog ! he make they face up with a burnt cork . Steve get to blow out the match . now discord seem a dream . why can not it be this way every night -- in the daytime , too ? father ( to Jack ) I remember when you be bear . they would not let I come home ! the navy say : " a officer must be present at the lay of the keel , but not at the launching " ! he get up to leave . rl sit with we . he shake he head , and move to the door . steve do not close . it all the way . Jack listen as he father play the piano . his brother be asleep . how ravish the music sound as it come float down the hall . how strange that there should be such tenderness in a man otherwise so coarse , so unreasonable ! that one who profess to love you should cause you injury and suffer , yet appear not to care that he do ! high down angle ~ helicopter shot - screech owl the music flow out through the window into the night . the camera rise over the neighborhood , which lie in peace beneath the star . int . parent ' bedroom - the next morning Mr. and Mrs. o' brien talk in - low voice . they have turn on the fan to assure the privacy of they conversation . mother you fight with the man above you -- you laugh at they -- then wonder why they do not promote you . 's 53 . father it 's fool they put ahead of . me.t liar . they. pass over I . mother and . the man underneath you -- you work they too hard ! father morale be great . sometimes they work thirty - six hour at a stretch -- do not even ask for overtime ! you do not know what it 's like . always follow order of man you can not respect . they want you to scheme for they favor . it make you less , than . a man . ext . kimball ' house the next afternoon a large black grackle appear in the oak tree and , shortly afterward , they discover Robert sit . on the fence ; a mean child who it seem life on a street far away ; they be not quite sure where . rl who 's that ? from a hide place , Robert shoot the kimball ' german shepherd with a bb gun . the poor creature , normally so proud and threaten , look about , wonder where the blow be come from ; defer=oless against it ; now reduce to a cring , whimper mass . Robert smile . ext . stickley ' house the stickley ' house be not up to the standard of the rest.of the neighborhood . the free-stand garage be unpaint , its window opaque . ROBERT let 's we bust ‘em . rl why ? ROBERT why ? just ' cause . Jack mumble some word about he mother have forbidden it . 54 . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) , you afraid , boy ? ( after a pause ) you do not need to tell she , do you ? nobody need to know but we chicken . I break a window once . do not nothing happen to I . Chicken be not nothing but a bird ! ( later ) why let they . keep you from have fun ? why not do what you wanta do ? Robert punch another boy on the arm .. the boy run off howling . jack why would you do that ? ROBERT I be not he . what do I care ? the strange boy fascinate Jack with he amused contempt for other , he nonchalance , he sensitivity to anything which wound he pride , he refusal to play a hypocritical part . later , they find themselves alone . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) hold out you elbow . he be lucid , calm and cynical . there be a odd , motiveless malignity in he . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) isaid , hold it out . as though a hypnotist have command it , Jack hold out he elbow . Robert rap it with the handle of a screwdriver . Jack push he away , surprised . Robert push he back . do he really want to fight ? Jack hesitates . when someone hit you , be you suppose to hit he back ? how else prevent he from do it again ? ' tremble , he turn and walk away . int . live room - later that evening his mother be dress up to go out . she have come to tell they goodnight . she be very lovely , but she black glove and veil make she seem unfamiliar to the boy . 55 . mother what be it ? rl why be you wear that ? mother we be go out . rl take they off ! she do . her hand be restore to they natural beauty . steve can I touch you earring ? she let he . the boy look dolefully at she jack do not go . we can fix you dinner . mother we will be back by twelve . int . o'brien house - jack Pov the studebaker grow smaller in the distance . will there be a time when they might be separate from she forever ? they bounce on the bed and have a pillow fight . they uncle be the babysitter . he let they do anything they please while he talk on the phone in the other room . int . o'brien house ~ later later that night Jack wake up to a muffle noise of anger in the live room . he sit up in he bed . outside the tree swash back and forth , fill he with a sense of terror . he slip out of bed and peer through a crack in the door , into the live room . mother ( 0.s. ) ... we need it . we do ! Mr. o' brien rage up and down the hall . he swing between extreme of behavior , one moment act like a fool , then suddenly remember that he be the father of a family . his high - minded struggle against he shortcomings never last for long , however . he be of too impulsive a nature . 56 . he simply cannot stand the idle life of a penitent in the bosom of he own family , and he always end up rebel against it . Jack see he brother be awake . he stroke they back , to comfort they . what have they father do ? what be he capable of ? the screen door slam . Jack see tear in he mother 's eye . she look up with a start . he take she hand . mother ( cont 'd ) I think you be asleep . jack why be you cry , mother ? sweet mother ! mother I be think about you father . miss he . jack I know you be cry now , but someday you 's will not . someday we be go to -- help you -- ( how ? ) can I get you something to drink ? how be she to get close to she . husband ? this be a slow starvation . she have almost resign herself to loneliness and isolation . she be determine that the child should know nothing of she trouble . they be anxious enough as it be . Jack run to he bedroom and gather up he savings , twenty or thirty dollar in coin . he give they to she in a jar . she touch he on the cheek . she avoid he eye . he know the misery of night . he see she eye dark and pinch with torture ; she whom he love more than life ; she whom he would die to save from any hurt . jack ( cont 'd ) we be all right . we will not ever leave you , Mom . mother thank you . jack we will not ever do anything to make you unhappy . I promise . 57 . later , hearing she voice in the other room , it strike he that some day he might be leave to himself in this world . in whisper , he pray : jack ( cont 'd ) help I not be mean . help I not to sass my dad -- — ext . o'brien house - lawn the next day , Mr. o'brien inspect Jack 's yard - work . father shake the dirt off the root so it do not leave a hole . thats too hard , I guess ... and over here , why have not you water the corner ? you have not have time , of course ! look , this be cropped so close it 's go to burn out . keep it water . why 's this bare ? jack the grass will not grow under the tree . his soul be sear into a rage . nothing be enough . father it do at the kimball ' . jack they have a yardman . father ( defensively ) they have money . kimball inherite it . all day I be at the office ! it seem you can put in a few hour out here . you want I to go over it again ? what be you smile about ? I know what you be think . jack you do ? father I do not want you to say a word until you be do . I will be very disappointed if you do . I will not know about it . of course , you could fool I . 58 . he have the unshakable belief that he must approve or modify everything the child do . he be full of petty and exasperate caution . watch it ! step there . open the door ! ext . garage ~- a cat the boy find a cat and take it up onto the roof of the garage . it writhes in they hand . its look of terror give they a faint thrill of pleasure . rl we might hurt it -- jack : they always land ontheirfeet . cayler nod . he , too , be curious tg see how the cat will react to the fall . it yowl and land with @ thud , shake itself and walk off slowly . rl glance at . Jack with a new distrust . Jack look away . where before it seem all evil lay outside , now with a grow dread he see that it might lie within he , too . he cheat to win , yet he be angry when other cheat he . rl fplay gun ) I get you ! jack no , you do not . I be just wounded ! how can he object . to the evil in other , when he do that very thing which jy they he deplore ? Robert watch from afar . int . boy ' room his mother answer he . most of she word play against scene of they everyday life . mother treat everyone as you would like to be treat . help each other . encourage each other . Love everyone . every leaf . every ray of light . you boy be the pride of my life ! 59 . mother ( cont 'd ) the reason I be say all this be that I do not want you to waste ten year of you life learn to know yourself and the reason for you difficulty , as you mother do . it 's hard to stand by and see you child make the same mistake you make . I hope you will not , sweetheart . Jack remember hold a toy out to rl , invite he to take it , then snatching it away again , teasing he , expect he to cry , astonished that he smile instead . mother ( cont 'd ) once I dream of become a doctor . rl why do not you ? mother thing do not work out . jack I do not get it . mother what do not you get ? jack the whole thing . mother well , you have a lot to learn , and you can not learn it all at once . father' Pov Mr. o' brien see how the boy dote on they mother . he wave Jack and rl over to the car . int . moving car - wealthy neighborhood they be out for a drive . they pass a big house . jack who life there ? father Frank Johnson . he. start out as a barber , but he build something big . never let anything stop he . 60 . father ( cont 'd ) bucky , who run the company now , he start out on a ice truck . he even get fire a couple of time . Jack and rl have never see any of this man , but they be mythical figure in the boy ' imagination . father ( cont 'd ) bucky ask I once if I want to go deer hunt with he . I say no . in front of all he top peopie ! he ask I why . I say I can not stand to hunt , it make I sick . you should have see the look on they face ! you know what bucky tell I ? he be quiet fora minute , then he say : " you know . I have never like it that much either . maybe I will not go this year . " Jack look away , embarrassed . the boy need no proof of they father 's superiority . father ( cont 'd ) a corporation have no soul . they will cut . they own grandmother 's throat . it have to be that way . merciless . but , if you take they money , you have to take they -- int . restaurant Jack burn with embarrassment as Mr. o'brien complain to a waitress about they food , then kiss she hand for serve they well . he make @ big show of give she a tip , hold the money out , +hen pulfin it away when she reach for it . oddly , she do not mind all this as much as Jack do , but laugh it off as play . int . moving car - later jack why do you work so hard ? father so you will have a place to stand . I might not amount to anything , but you will . you boy will stand on my shoulder . 6l . there pove - downtown & poor part of town ( bartlett , etc . ) the city , which at first seem glorious to Jack , be a mystery to he now , with its freight yard and grain elevator , its blind man , cripple and drunk shouting from the doorway . father the world life by trickery . if you want to succeed , you can not be too good . . they reach the poor . part of town . his father have come to buy some barbecue . there be rundown shackg and car park in front yard . a black man stare at he . father ( cont 'd ) belong to yourself : that 's the whole thing in life . learn to master yourself . you will . you will make you free . set up you will as a law over you ! later Jack see a team of worker , digging a ditch . worm lie on the heaps of dirt , cut in two by they shovel . Jack 's heart be move to pity at the sight of the writhe creature . and then to see this man with they body bent , they hair dishevel , they face glisten with sweat , they hand and arm cover with clay . it seem that suffer must lie at the heart of life , not at its periphery ; it be not some accident that trouble the unfortunate only . no , inconstancy be the rule . the fade rise . the uproote tree . father ( cont 'd ) see that people . somebody get the upper hand with they . do not let it happen to you . you have get to get ahead of the other guy . he will be do .all he can to do the same to you . Jack . exchange a look with he brother , riding in the back seat . they observe everything about he which be ridiculous , then mimic and exaggerate this feature for each other . father ( cont 'd ) money will break down all obstacle in you way - hold on to it . it 's the most reliable thing there be in this world . a friend be likely to betray you . money never will . 62 . father ( cont 'd ) find the thing they can not do without . patent ! as he father go on , Jack 's thought turn to they dog . Shep 's be a perfect love . he be they friend , they clown , they guardian and protector . he accept be tease , slighted ; ignore . he know no unhappiness , like the three - legge dog who life down the block and run around as though no misfortune have ever befallen he . int . live room - jack pove - later Jack listen as he father question he mother about a bent spoon . father who do this ? ( turn on rl ) I might enjoy lazing around , too . I could walk out the front door and say I be go to pick blackberry ! just wave goodbye and wander off . no , you want to be serve , but you do not want to have any responsibility in return . you be go to have a record , and it 's go to follow you around the rest of you life . on it will be the grade you make -- what you accomplish and what you do not . people read it . if you mess up , you might not be able to get a security cle ice . people will ask why . one know he will awaken , come to himself at last . it will be dreadful when he do . could he endure a full awaken ? would it destroy he ? ext . oak tree outside , Jack climb the live oak tree . Higher and higher he go , until he stand like a sailor on top of a mast . there he may commune with himself . the world below seem small and unreal . the door burst open . his father storm outside and sit on the porch . a few moment later , rl come outside . he sit down beside he father and rest he head against he shoulder . Jack watch . he wonder if he could love he father , too ~~ 63 . ext . bate ' house - series of angle the bate live in harmony . he never pass they house without receive a benediction . Mr. bate play football with the boy , and Mrs. bate serve they cookie at the end of the afternoon . theirs be a happy home , with nothing to hide . mrs . bate be you sure you mother be not wonder where you be ? jack no , ma'am -- she 's ok he see how Mr. bate draw he son close , hug they tenderly , stroke they hair . int . episcopal church the next morning , Mr. o' brien sit at the organ in church . he seem calm and untrouble . he love the wind toccatas and fugue , the candle , the stillness of the choir loft before the service , the music swell out majestically as he press down the key . his will relax . he cease to fret . all be as it should be . why not always so ? why do people oppress each other ? why be they not faithful to the best in themselves ? - the camera rise over the rank of pipe , over the gladiolas and the stain glasS window . Jack marvel at this father : a man who for all he faith and vitality suffer from a deep disquiet , as though not even . be god-fear and pious could bring peace 's to he soul . his . finger work the key , he . foot walk up and down the pedal . Jack read the music , turn the page , pull the stop . at such moment they be bound together in harmony . later , Jack walk in the church , alone . his footstep be loud in the silence . a sparrow , catch inside the building , fly through the rafter and beat its wing against a high window , try to find a way out . ext . church ground - bell Mr. Singh , the sexton , be take down the flag . rl ( 0.s. ) he ring the bell when you die . 64 . Jack watch as he father talk with a vestryman . Mr. o' brien show a courtesy and a desire to please that the boy do not often see in he . in the end he bid the stranger a obsequious goodbye . father a friend of mine . he own half the real estate in town . Sunday be a day of rest and relaxation . other family may drop by to visit , unannounced . the store be close , as people take they ease . yet Mr. o' brien be restless , tense . they be have dinner on the porch when he turn to rl : father ( cont 'd ) will you do something for I ? you promise I that you ’fido it , without ask what it 15 ? just have the confidence that what you father ask of you be right ? ( rl nod ) for the next half hour , will you not speak unless you have something important to say ? ( turn to Steve ) and what do you do today , my fine - feathered friend ? one by one , each child be call upon to justify himself . where do it come from , this pleasure in humiliation ? this indifference to they dignity and even to he own ? he deceive other , debase himself in order to impress they -- make up storey , fact , the etymology of word , without a trace . of shame . father ( cont 'd ) sit on the front two inch of you chair . it 's good for you posture . I read it in the paper . he hold up a rock before Jack 's eye , a thunder egg from the child 's collection , a sort of polished agate . father ( cont 'd ) you actually buy this from Mr. ledbetter ? do not explain . just nod . yes or no . jack he give it to I . that one 's my favorite . 65 . father I do not know how long I can keep pay for this rock . we be live in a fancy neighborhood , but we can not afford this house . if kimball next door know what we situation be , he would laugh . of course , he get all he money from he father - in-law . rl be quiet . please . father what do you say ? Mr. o' brien take a hot pepper and rub it on the child 's lip . Mrs. o' brien rise to she foot in anger . father ( cont 'd ) you will straighten up and fly right ! Jack have never see he father possess in quite this way . his brother 's cry be unbearable . the innocent one have no defense . jack leave he alone ! his father look up , astonished . Jack strike he with he fist , step back . and stare at he defiantly . his father slap he across the face . mother stoe ! father keep you voice down . the neighbor can hear . Children be not reasonable . they can only be govern by fear . mother how can you be so cruel ! father I give my life for they . my blood . I let they eat my heart . do I tie they to a tree ? do I take off my belt -- like mckeever ? they have they life from I ! 66 . he will force they to love he , whether they like it or not . rl be put in a closet . Mrs. o'brien 's blood rise in a fever as she clutches Steve in she arm . she wonder if she husband do not take some pleasure in punish the boy . the moral torture be harder on they than the physical one . his suspicious glance , he mouth curling in scorn , the sentimentality that so quickly spill over into cruelty . what be she to do ? confront he only make the situation worse . he will stop at nothing to win a argument . mother ( later ) you hardly know they . you be go all the time . father I have to support my family : mother you speak without listen to - they . you never listen to anyone else . you interrupt . there 's no length you will not go to get you way . she look at he as one who once love he and no longer do ; so it seem to he . father if it 's such a hell , why do not you leave ? she suspect that he want to degrade she because he have never be ableto possess she soul . always she have manage to move beyond he reach . mother what about they ? would not I have go long ago , except for they ! have not I be sorry that I do not ! father what be you wait for ? mother I would be only too glad to get away from you -- she can not control she word . they fly out of she mind like spark . 67 . father you leave I long ago . mother keep you voice down . father you turn away from I ~~ the day you first child be bear . he suspect that she hate he . it cause he to offend she violently . mother come home late -- ambi ing they future away . you take the money rl save from he paper route - father I put it back . I be a outsider to you , be not I ? you hold yourself apart . proud of you virtue . you want to make I better than I be . why can she not be content with what he be ? why will she only have he as he ought to be ? mother you be always so angry . why ? father I want a life without lie . mother what js. eat at you ? father nothing . do I disgust you ? mother I love you . father maybe you do not . she risk less than he do . she have she worth , which she can never lose . and the child , whom he do not have . father ( cont 'd ) you put they up to you trick . you teach they to hate I ! they own father ! 68 . her blood rise in a jet . Jack listen . will theirs be a family like Howard 's ? the world be darker than he imagine . how shall he comfort he mother ? redeem she sorrow ? he think of Christmas , when home be home , when for a day they be a family , the bright color beneath the tree , light burn late into the night . he play with a flashlight , shine it through he hand , expose the bone of he finger . int . boy ' room - later the boy cower in they room . Mr. q'brien bang he fist on the formica as Mrs. o' brien sob . father be not a wife suppose to love , cherish , obey ? Jack fear he father 's wild energy . he have get to fight he every inch of the way , in order not to be swamp , engulf — ~— to stay alive . he cling to rl and Steve . he will never leave he brother . jack ( in a whisper ) we have each other . back to parent shame have come over Mr. o'brien . he have fall . she know it . she suffer from he fall more than he do . pather bach 's son revere he -- kiss he hand ! they play music together for hour on end . they home be a haven of peace ! jubilation ! I can not get they to touch the piano . he be pitiless , but she will not be sway . the purity of she conduct be she strength . she will not give he the right to despise she . he touch she cheek , kiss she . nothing be mend . he make up he mind long ago not to understand . later , a sense of she own loneliness come over she as she read a letter from she brother . 69 . ext . kimball ' clothesline alone , Jack walk past a neighbor 's clothesline . White underclothes hang among the sheet and towel . Jack remember go by the Browns one night in search of a overthrown ball , how he see Mr. Brown strike he wife in the presence of they child . no one else witness the event . the Browns have be a family whose happiness be take for grant . it now 'seem to Jack that behind the calm facade of ordinary life , there might lie something dark and shameful . ext . wood the wood be full of draft , like @ spring feed pool . Jack walk under the tree , seek a presence he have know here before . nature be free and without blemish . the rustling leave refresh he shattered nerve . they spirit be he mother 's own . a presence , yes . it speak . come , it say ; find I . in I you will discover that which do not fail or disappoint . a unseen hand ceaselessly touch he face , he heart . how to see as the oak tree do ? ext . o'brien house the brother be play after school . rl it 's go to rain . jack who say ? rl I can make it rain . the sky be blue . but rl do a little dance , invite the cloud to come . later on they do . the rain pour down . rl be modest in he victory . Jack laugh . now trouble seem a dream . rl ( cont 'd ) I do not lie that much . gazing at he brother , he hear the same voice which he hear among the tree . it beckon he . where ? 70 . the next day Mr. o' brien seem to have forget yesterday 's scene at the dinner table . not the child . nor he wife . it lie across the family like a shadow . father give I a kiss . rl do . ext . kimball ' house - wind chime some day . later Jack hear the tinkling of the wind chime at the kimball ' house . wandering toward $ it , he notice they car pull away . he wait , then cavtiov ly he enter they garage . a door lead from the laundry yoorn jnto the house . he look around to see in anyone be watch , ten quietly he open it . int . kimball ' house he wander through the unfamiliar room . the house tick in the heat . there be money on the kitchen counter , but he ignore it . with a mount dread he approach the stair that lead up to the sleep quarter . what lie up there ? he touch the banister but dare not go further . after a moment , he retreat back the way he come . he stand outside in the sunlight , stunne . what else be he capable of ? int . kitchen his mother see that he be troubled . mother what be it ? tell I . jack nothing . she go back to what she be do . he feel queasy and confuse for have tell a lie . jack ( cont 'd ) I go in the kimball ' house . they be not there . mother why do you do it ? you can not go in when they be not there . 71 . jack the door be open . mother they leave it open because they expect you will not go in . never do it again . promise I . thank you . jack be you go to tell dad ? she hesitates a moment , then shake she head . with she there be forgiveness . whether or not you ask for it . whether or not you deserve it . later that night a figure stand by he bed that night . he touch the crown of he head . int . live room his father give Jack a lecture . father do not try to make people love you . make they fear you . if someone clip you , sock he back . who can you trust ? you own family . be good to they . that 's enough . you mother be naive . it take fierce will to get ahead in this world . do not let anyone stand in you way . mother ( look in ) he need to get to school . - father this be more important . this be school . please . ( after she leave ) do not let you own laziness stand in you way . you do not have to -- pardon the expression -- kiss anyone 's derriere . nobility be a luxury . avoid controversy . every one of this top executive , you know how they get to where they be ? they float it down the middle of the river . 72 . mother and father . live inside he . they wrestle for he soul . he strive to reconcile they , but they refuse to be reconcile . why can he not find . a harmony between they ? which party be he of ? let it be one or the other : not the chaos of they blind struggle . he remember he mother tell he : mother be good , sweetheart . if someone hurt you , forgive he ! jack ( interrupt ) ~ why should not I get what I want ? they do . what about I ? mother people hurt each other . t+ wovld be easy to be happy if they do not . you have to overlook it -- give in , sometimes , even if you be in the right . what be the fate of that who live by love , the golden rule ? Steve be play in the sprinkler outside , as happy as Jack once be , still on the far bank of a river which Jack himself have already cross over . jack be you go to leave we ? ( she shake she ts he ? nead ) Jack wonder if he really wish it . when he come out of he daydream , he father {¢ still talk . father -- if you be good , people take advantage of you . think of yourself as someone catch behind enemy line . work ! fight ! I see you waste you time -~ stare out the window -- play ! I make sacrifice for you . you honor that sacrifice by what you do . that 's how a family work . Jack shift uneasily in he chair . 73. father ( cont 'd ) I would like to do what I want , too . I dream of be a great : musician . but how could I make a live for my family ? and so I have to go off every day -- ( with emotion ) my father lose he job , Ed be off in Vegas , he send nothing home . I have to quit school and join the Army Air Corps so you grandmother could have something to eat . they shut the light out on she . we could not pay the electricity . she have to take in boavder . Jack think of the love he often feel for he father as he fall asleep at night , listen to he at the piano -- father ( cont 'd ) see this ? you know why I keep it here ? it be the official seal of my own company , the one I form -- I have the papers -- till I get hepatitis from drink unpasteurized beer in China . they take it away from I . it 's dog eat dog out there . do not you forget it . do not let anyone tell you there 's anything you can not do ! I have protect you as best I can . but I didu '+ get a education . you will . you will get through . by God , you wilk you can not fool I . I know you live a book ! Jack imagine restivq \m he father 's arm , they difference forget . then the '' fantastic scene break up , and he be back in the live room , sink in silence . ° father ( cont 'd ) when you come into this world , you know what I do ? I go outside and dance on the lawn . I shot off my pistol . you be my freedom ! every time I see a young guy walk by with a shirt and tie , look sharp , that 's my kid I be look at . do not do like I do , though . promise I that . I let myself get sidetracked . while you be look for something to happen , that be it ! that be life ! you live it ! 74 . father ( cont 'd ) ( shaking he head ) I let one thing after another drag I backwards . we stick together , though . when you have nothing , you have still get you honor . you dignity . you still have each other ! ext . STREET - stray dog a stray dog appear ; a stranger to the neighborhood . it bump into thing . it séem that it might be blind . curious , nonchalant , it trot through the street until Howard 's purple - tongue chow materialize out of nowhere to attack it . the boy look on in horror as Shep join in the fight . his hostility towards a poor , defenseless creature astonish they . , it seem there is no mevcy for the weak , the helpless ; no quarter give . and the truth be , Jack himself do not mind watch thing get worse , tt be not until some of the adult roll out a hose and stov4 spray ing water on the dog that he come to himself and pull Shep ai . mr . bate ( 0.s. ) somebody must have let it go . get too old , go blind -- they do not have the heart to put it to sleep . probably I should get my shotgun and shoot it . jack stay here ! Shep will not jook Wim in he eye but twist and turn , eager to get back into the fray later the same afternoou , they hear the screech of brake and a strange , high yelp . then , far away , a soft wail or moan . Steve break yneb teav . ext . vacant lot - dusk they wade through the weed of a vacant lot , where the dog have go to die . from time to time they hear its haunt cry . they can not find it ; only a trail of blood . wound , afraid , it keep drag itself away from they . ext . o'brien house ( backyard ) Jack listen as Steve question they mother . steve what happen when you die ? do it hurt ? do it happen to everyone ? 75 . mother sooner or later . steve there 's nothing you can do about it ? will you die , too ? it.seem the grow - up understand thing no better than he do . mother not for a long time . steve will I ? rl you be not that old yet , . Mom . steve where do you go ? Jack see he mother with new eye now . the day might come when she must leave they . steve ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) who put the spike on the sun ? he remember when she get she finger catch in the mixmaster and cry out to he to jerk the cord from the wall . a quick flash -- ext . o'brien house he remember , too , q day when they be eat outdoors with the neighbor aud suddenly he hear someone shouting . there be a coral snake on the ground . she walk right past it . he watch how it flow unhinder over the ground , as if free of friction or restraint , beyond any human power of control , cryptic , a dark enigma with lidless eye . mrs . bate she walk right past it ! mr . bate get a hoe . its mate must be around here . you watch : couple of day and it will turn up . Mr. bagley chop the snake in two with a hoe . Mr. bate stamp on the severe head . 76 . mr . bagley nothing you can do if one of they bite you . against a copperhead you have get a chance . not this 'un . once they close they mouth , they can not let go . even if they want to . " Red on yellow , kill a fellow . " ext . patio the next morning rl turn to he mother : . rl where 's dad ? mother : go on a trip . the boy go wild . they crawl around on the floor , they bounce on the bed , they let the screen door slam carelessly behind they . she can not contain they energy . jack we be go to stay up late . mother oh no , you be not ! steve all night ! do not say no , because you know it make I angry . look at I ! iz mean it ! they run through the sprinkler . find a lizard , they chase she into the batrroem with it . laugh , they ignore she plea , and when they hear the lock click shut , they slip it in under the door . montage - while there father be away she show they flower , glow color and bird that sing , the fruit tree at the edge of the wood , the gardenias , the wing of little creature beneath a magnify glass . so many mystery ! she show they a barn swallow 's nest . mother they trust we ~- not to knock it down . she give they a book of natural history . his hand leaf through the page . there be dinosaur , frog and armor - plate fish with name too long to pronounce . the Seven wonder of the ancient World . 77 . she show they the leaf of a tall locust tree and set it next to a pea vine , demonstrate the family relation there sometimes be between thing large and small . for a time all be as it be . the hour go by uncounted . steve can I marry you when I grow up ? ( she laugh ) do not tell anyone else . it make Jack ill at ease to see he mother cuddle Steve . jack he drank all the milk and do not leave we any . Steve bolt out the door and run around naked in the rain . the thunder and lightning delight he ; the water rush through the gutter , suck at he ankle , so cool . mother you little devil ! come back here ! rl Mom , I see that thing again . mother what thing ? rl the suckin’ goat ! steve th il suck you down that hole by the fence ! t+ |\ get you while you be not look ! it get Woody 's doo ! gsnate ! hit the light ! later , they watch from another room as she dance by herself to some music on the radio . Jack remember a dream he once have of he mother lie , like snow White , in a glass coffin . her beautiful red cheek , she hair black as the night . how would he face the world without she ? he can not bear the think that he might have a separate destiny . ext . o'brien house Jack bring a jar of ice water and a plate of sandwich out to 0.c. , a laborer whom he father have hire to spread fresh loam on , the yard . 78 . o.c . you mother send this ? well , she 's the nicest lady . she 's a good mother and a good woman . I never work for nobody as considerate . his salmon - color palm grip the shovel . he work all day long in the broiling sun . he never complain . there be a joy , it seem , which be compatible with hardship and misfortune . '' jack have you see my firefly ? he show 0.c. the bottle fill : o.c . that be the soul of dead people . you should let they 9 ° do I scare you ? I do not mean t ext . house roof they be up on the roof of a house . they have no business there , and they know it . Jack nod for rl to jump off . jack you have to ; if you want to join the club . rl why do not you ? jack T alveady do . rl when ? jack you be not around . they laugh . later , he dare he brother to stick | a coat hanger into a light socket . jack ( cont 'd ) : I turn it off . it will not hurt . I test it . . rl smile when nothing happen . but then , as they be roam around , Jack snatch a stick out of rl 's hand . he do not protest . 79 . rl you can have it . there be another spirit in he brother than Jack find in himself . ashame , he give the stick back . hear they mother 's voice call they in , they turn home . ext . neighborhood - ROBERT Robert have reappear in they life . he lead they on a spree of destruction . he encourage they to steal peach from mckeever 's tree . ROBERT they belong to every beady . '' nobody tell I what to do .. just do what I want . instead of eat the peach , they throw ’them away . one after another they break out laugh , until they be all roll on the ground . Jack pull up flower from the kimball ' bed . he enjoy the boy ' approval . he be ashamed to be guilty of less impudence than the other , but when Robert nod at the window of the stickley ' garage , he remember he mother 's stern injunction and shake he head . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) why not ? they put a toad 6 n a skyrocket and send it off , then run to see whether it survive its skyward flight . go . they can not find it . and they have feel itaq life pulse in they hand . they put a snap turtle on Shep 's ear . harry it will not let go till sunset . Shep howl with pain and run away , glance over he shoulder with a look of injure trust . they stamp on snail , burn up wasp . they make a glory of they infamy and lie . cayler I be six foot tall ! I kill a man ! 80 . ext . courthouse and jail another day , outside the courthouse , Jack look up and see a man shouting from a window on the second floor . there be bar on the window ; hand be thrust through they . nearby , on the sidewalk , he see a prisoner who have be lead down the front step ‘of the courthouse by two man with gun high on they hip . the group pass close by . the prisoner 's wrist be bound to a restrain belt . he answer the taunting eye of courthouse loafer with a sneer of proud defiance . somehow Jack feel close to he ; closer , moment , to this stranger than to he own family . , mother what be you look at ? come . one of the policeman stare at he . what do he know , or guess ? Men rise to they foot as Mrs. o' brien pass by . ext . o'brien house Mr. o' brien return from he travel . the child glance at each other . it be as though a stranger have appear in they midst . the idyll be over . they must again be the furtive creature , the cheat , the guilty one they be before . he pat they on : they head , a little too hard . int . dine room Mr. o' brien tell of he travel -- show they the towel and washcloth he have carry off from hotel , and money in denomination so lovee that , be it dollar , they would be rich . father Bishop sheen be down the hall -- two door away . very friendly . the french be lovable , but they will rob you blind . the money 's confusing : new francs , old francs ; you never know which you have get in you hand . I buy a newspaper for $ 4 . halfway back to the hotel TI realize I would be rob . have a big fight with the lady . have to call a gendarme . he get she to cough up . ( to Mrs. o' brien ) 81. father ( cont 'd ) I be confident my deal go through . if not , they can forget it . I will tell they all to go to hell . mother be careful . father I be not go to let they shove I around . rl can cayler come over ? father you own family be wht apo enovoh for you ? Jack look at he brother with suvprise . we would never dare to invite anyone over . relative visit often , but no friend ever come to they house . father ( cont 'd ) you mother 's from a farm family . irish . they have people down from Chicago every weekend . that 's why they never get the weed out of they field . the Norwegians would drive by and laugh ! ( she smile ) you boy do not realize it , but we be skate on thin ice . you live in peace , quiet , in warmth . look at the food you have . still on you plate ! the abundance ! when I be we age , T be chomping ticket at the clar theater in Chicago . ( Jack squirm ) be you ina hurry ? after the show , I clean the bathroom . for year I have one pair of pants . the same green pants ! I have to run around in my short while my mother wash they . and still , for all that , father be always father to I . nobody know what that mean this day . can a child understand ? it seem to Jack that he and he brother remain alive through they father 's sacrifice and bear they life as a undeserve gift from he . his father have breed in he a deep suspicion of himself , a doubt of he every action ; a doubt of other , too , and of they motive . he be become anxious about everything ; waver , unable to work out a think . 82 . there be a loud crash . he let the screen door slam shut . father ( cont 'd ) you can not shut it softly , can you ? no , that 's too hard for you , I suppose . you do not have the time . that 's too much to expect of we worthy son . horsefeather ! I want you to shut it quietly , fifty time . not a word of contradiction ! it seem to he there be three world , one in which he and he brother live subject to they father under law which he have invent for they only and which they can never , without understanding why , ever fully comply with ) a second world that they father belong to ; a thivl wheve everyone else life happily , free from order ancl mav ima to obey . father come here ! ( pinching he ) I love you . if it do not always seem that way , it 's because I can not pretend like other people do . kiss I . kiss you father . Jack 's mind leap about , bewilder by he father 's health and appetite , he swagger , he canniness , he indifference to the burden he impose on other ; the absence of any consciousness of hypocrisy when he break that rule he impose on other . father ( cont 'd ) what be you think ? really tmuking ? ' there be thing you can not ab ? well , there be thing L can n '+ do either ! jack ( hesitantly ) dad ? why -- father you be not to call I dad , but Father . Father , sir . always honor you father . every day I go out that door there . I go out and work my tail off for you . show respect . do not interrupt ! jack you do . 83. father I would rather be a beggar on the street of Cairo than not to have the respect of my family . ( after a pause ) remember : you be the child . dack count he breath . jack this be you house . you can throw I out whenever you like . ( quaking all over ) you want to kill I ! father I , too , do not have any respect . for my father . not at first . what do he boy know of life -- the rich man 's arrogance , the triumph of the fool ? father ( cont 'd ) I see my mother -- she could not read or write -- dependent on a salesman who could not make sale and be ashamed to tell she so ! then I learn how thing be for he ! he die before you boy be bear -- in a hit -and -run accident . he lay all night in the street . it be dawwwhen they find he . do wheat you like , though . as. far as I be concerned , you be free . I have no advice the give you . but , if you realiy want to be free , do not come back to this , house in the evening -- his nerve be on fire . his son seem to be destroy he . he be force to breathe the air of he own death . jack I hate you . father I know . the question be , be you go to do what I tell you to ? do you want to be the only one who 's out of step -- and make everyone else unhappy -- just because you be determine to have you own way ? then you will stay indoors . 84 . father ( cont 'd ) you just will not have dinner tonight . none of we will ! Jack look at he mother . he do not want to bring she any more unhappiness . jack I be sorry , sir . father thank you for say " Sir " . ( to he wife ) you know what they say in the navy . if you have a grumble crew , you have a fit crew . when they do not grumble , something 's wrong . he will learn to deceive . he will vse come and guile to defend himself and get what he want . he will never outwardly defy he father . nis defiance will be inward and therefore harder to root out ; first it must be detect . he will avenge himself in the cleverest way , without he father 's ever know it . int . bedroom Mr. and Mrs. o' brien be alone . father -- I want to make he strong . I want he to expect great thing of himself -- to hold himself with the best . a father give he child strength . will ! mother they be afraicl of you . father they love I . I be go to make they do it . I could have have my own company ~- be a wealthy man . but , no , we have kid -- I have to take the first job that come along -- be I a father , or a faucet ? mother why do not you let yourself -- love ? father ( surprised ) I do . 85 . mother -- let yourself show it . he look away . he be afraid of she love for he . it be too good for he . he can not measure up to it . it seem to he she do not want he but he soul . int . live room when they next see they father , he pretend nothing be wrong . do he think they could not hear ? father what do you want for you birthday ? rl you . his father look at he in surprise -- this child , so unlike the other , gentle as a sage ~~ then kiss he . rl alone do not stiffen under this effusion of paternal love . Mr. o' brien feel that he understand the other two , but there be something about rl which strike a certain awe in he . yet he fear for this child , fear he be impractical ; a dreamer , dawdler . he ride he about a hundred thing ; for walk funny , for smile too long , for hesitate before : he speak . do he mother love he because he be the weakest , the tenderest , the mest sivcere : ? sincere people be take advantage . of . dreamer come to nothing . ext . carport . Jack watch he father work on the studebaker , which he have raise up on a jack . what would happen if he kick it out ? -- Christmas scene . other house on the block . each be a home . be he ? the sing , the light -~ ruin by argument , discord -- series of angle - straight razor - rough GREEN snake his rage be deep as hell . he study he father 's straight razor , with its tortoiseshell handle . afraid of the darkness rise up within he , he hide it under the sheet in the linen closet . alone in he bedroom , he pray : jack please , God , let he die ! 86 . a snake slide through the oak tree , sway as the wind blow , match the movement of the branch . ext . o'brien house ( front yard ) Mr. o' brien walk outside . Jack and rl be play . father what be you do play out here ? get to work . ( turn to rl ) do you practice you guitar ? int . live room - rl with guitar - jealousy Jack watch rl practice on a hal€ - seale quitar . he be a true musician , unlike he brother . they mother listen , rapt , as she aandle steve on she knee . when rl get frustrated with he mistake , she console he . mother it 's alright to make mistake . you have to ... perfection be not important . imperfection be beautiful . even more beautiful . Mr. o' brien sit down at the piano and add a accompaniment to rl 's melody . jealousy of he little brother stir in Jack again , even as the music bring he back into a presence in which he have cease to believe . ext . neighborhocop STREET he remember wa\ting with ru earlier in the day . he suggest that they run . rl we will get tired . jack not I . I never get tired . rl you do this morning . jack no I do not . I be just pretend . you want to call I a liar ? rl no . I do not want to fight . 87 . jack afraid to ? rl no , I just do not want to . jack if I be to say you be scared , would you want to call I a liar ? rl no. jack then you be scared , be not you ? rl I guess so ... why do bee hum ? ( Jack shrug ) because they do not know the word ! chasten , Jack mumble a apology . Love take the place of envy in he heart . all nature come alive and answer he approvingly . Mrs. o' brien worry about she . eldest son . Conflict with he father have cause he to become a glum , inattentive , disobedient child , always intent on escape . his life have become a tissue of lie and subterfuge . thefts , lust , savage desire . he be lose in this new darkness , and hardly care . his be in revolt . ext . front yard Jack stand witw wis mother in the front yard . mother look at the tree . it do not care how it seem to other . it just be . it put up with storm , rain , bad weather ~- the camera play over the leave and branch . ine spirit life in root and trunk , branch and leaf . mother ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) a leaf might think it be separate and alone , but all the leave be part of the same unfold . they start from the same seed . 88 . jack ( interrupt ) he tell I one thing . you tell I another . inwardly , she resign herself to lose she eldest son . mother everything will be all right . jack then why be you unhappy ? mother what make you say that ? he see the abuse which goodness $ uer in ' this world , the painful consequence of walk in hi$ motwnec 's way . where do it lead ? to a life of sorrow , forall that he can tell . what be the value of goodness ? how shall it stand against bully force ? the golden rule allow other to take advantage of you , to do as they please . it oppose , and can even destroy , you own happiness . he remember Mrs. kimball tell he mother : mrs . kimball you be so kind . I wish that I could be like you . father' Pov on son playing Mr. o' brien watch from afar as he son play with they mother in the front yatd . will he grow mean and despicable ? fall slowly into cvin ? they laughter be like the music of a lose eden . int . live room her brother , they uncle Ray , have come to visit . Mrs. o' brien confide in he , unaware that Jack be listen from the other room . mother a man show up at the door . a bill collector . a shady character . he 's be gambling again . much of what she say play 0.s. as she memory be illustrate , start with scene from Las Vegas ; quick flash of they past experience . 89 . mother ( cont 'd ) he be fascinate with card . he say they make everyone even . he over - bet he hand . you know , he brother be a keno dealer in Las Vegas . a sweet , gift man ! ( after a pause ) he want he honor back . his stature . I could get a job . he do not want I to , though . uncle ray it 's hard with three boy . mother I would not like to veset they . or change they life . 1 want then to get a good education . ( sighing ) compare to ours , he family seem so warm and vital . he be earthy , cheerful . we be happy for a time . ( after a pause ) I tremble to ask he for money . I come to he like a guilty person . he make a fuss over a bent spoon . he will not do anything to change . I dread he come into the room . uncle ray tell he . either he learn to behave like everyone else , or ... he aoess + know what love be , anyway . mother why do you say that ? uncle ray leave . Jack look up , shocked . would she ? have he , with he complaint about he father , contribute to such a desire ? he fear that he might cause the breakup of he family . uncle ray ( cont 'd ) take the boy with you . you patience be wonderful . but what if it 's kill you ? mother I can not trade they happiness for mine . it would haunt I ... I have think about it . 90 . mother ( cont 'd ) I still know shorthand . when I work at bendix before we get marry , I could type a hundred word a minute . I do not know what I could do now . with three child ... do not remind I that I ever talk this way . you be my only friend . the other , they be very nice , but I can not really talk with they . it 's a small town . uncle ray you can not let it keep you from live . mother he have not file a income tay return in three yeac ! I be afcaid he will lose he job . tle dciye the man under he too hard . nebedy like he . he 's not a selfish or a cold man . but he turn people against he . he offend they -- almost on purpose . he love I as much as he can . what a day it be when I first see he real nature . but he 's a good provider . he work hard . there be two people in he . she be loathe to reveal to anyone , even she brother , how unhappy she be , or to betray she husband 's confidence . uncle ray do you love . he still ? ( she nod ) bobcould help you . mother he will never pay that back . he resent it when I ask . so do ellen . I wish I would finish college . - I dreamt of study medicine . they laugh . flashes of she carefree youth : a ride in a biplane , spin at a dance . mother ( cont 'd ) we all have dream . I want the kid to get through college . it make I happy see you . she have never quite find a stream of fellowship in waco. 91 . later the boy hear they father argue with they uncle . uncle ray ( 0.s. ) you have wear she out -- make a slave of she -- crush she ! father ( 0.s. ) you come and go . I have put up with it for year . get out ! get a job ! then mother ( 0.5 . ) you humiliate he . father ( 0.5 ) it will do he good . eyeyone have to do he part . you brother come to spend three day , they end up stay for six month . she watch as she brother go off . ext . o'brien house - lawn - oak tree - night only the porch light be burn . Jack have slip out of the house and be pick weed . the night be so vast : he begin to weep . he put he face in he hand . he bow to the oak tree . his mother appear . he turn around , startle . she be lovely in she flow might aowna , mother what be you do ? jack pick weed . mother now ? at night ?. why ? jack so you will stop fight . will she leave ? he have begin to guess the depth of she unhappiness . take he by the hand , she lead he back to the house . 92 . jack ( cont 'd ) momma -- listen -- I will make you proud . happy . here at home . in school . I will not stop until I do ! he will take she tear away . she shake she head . that be not what she want . mother but I want you to be happy . I do not want you to feel you have to do anything for I . his effort to make she proud have go fac have the ironic consequence of cause she endless worccw - jack that 's not enough . 1 can do more . mother be good to you brother . jack I will . I swear it . but -~- will you help I ? mother yes . he think of he father . jack I nate he . I wish he be dead ! he quake all over . i+ seem he have all hell in he heart . jack ( cont 'd ) I will kitl he if you want ! mother you father ! I do not want you to hate he . I want you to love he . jack do you ? ( she nod ) how ? she do not answer right away . he throw himself against a close door . 93 . jack ( cont 'd ) why ? why ? why do johnny bade push I down ? why do uncle Ed not come back ? you tell I it would be all right ! why do he hurt we ? be it I ? something about I ? mother there 's nothing bad about you . forgive he . jack have you ? mother think of the good shinas not do for we . for other — ext . pool ( barton spring ) - quick angle ( memory ) milton Stone , a boy Jack 's age , be swim a underwater race at a public pool when , suddenly , he turn over on he back and float up to the surface , he arm throw wide . the other boy think he be kid and splash he with water until they see he lip be blue . panic spread . many shrink away , but Mr. o' brien come forward to take command of the situation - he call for a ambulance . he breathes into milton 's mouth . the boy stand in the shallow , hold hand and say the Lord 's prayer . Jack look leave and right , proud of he father , who gaze at Mrs. Stone with a heartfelt sympathy . ext . porch — resuming the foregoing scene - night Jack marvel at '' wis mother , she seem never to want anything . she do not vacy , like they father ; be constant in temper . jack we be not a happy family , be we ? we be before . will we family be like Howard 's ? ( she kiss he ) now , at school , when I see good kid , I want to be bad . she be silent for a moment . mother I do not know all thing . I have not be everything a mother should be . but a parent learn . she have to grow up , too . 94 , mother ( cont 'd ) there be a lot of hard thing in this world . I wish I could keep they all away from you . jack have I do anything wrong today ? mother no . thing may seem bad now , but they will not always be this way . we be on we way towards something good . we will go away this summer and rent a cabin by the lake . dad will tell you about the place he 's be . and I will tell you abovt the day when I be a g\ and a rhinoceros escape from have Fair . a rhinoceros ramble through a [ llinois cocn field . mother ( cont 'd ) we will build a fire and stay up late . we will watch the star , and sing -- int . live room Mr. o' brien be baffle by thé opposition which he create for himself . Home should be a haven from the world 's contempt . the ingratitude of child can drive a man to madness . he keep the family 's life from be either comfortable or tedious . they \iveinoa : continual state of uncertainty . in he better mood he ig they comic . he play the piano like harpo marx in " a night ak the Opera . " he light a cork , blow it out and apeliesthe aack ash to he upper lip to create a dandy 's moustacne . tte put on air and act out drama . he sit at the piano and make it all up as he go along , like a little opera . Mrs. o' brien laugh as he leap over the sofa , fencing now . he be like a’child himself , with sudden spasm of craving for physical affection -- for proofs of a sentimental love . Jack remember other time when he have feel close to he father . how precious , how wonderful that hour be ! lying on the car seat and listen to he sing to himself at the steering wheel as they go on vacation -- father come on ! 345 x 78 . visualize it . try again . in you mind . you be not try . pay attention . trust I . I be do this to help you . 95 . father ( cont 'd ) what be it ? I want you to stand there till you tell I . rl stand in place until the sun go down . Steve turn to he father . steve who be you ? Mr. o' brien look at he , surprised . ext . kimball ' house - wind chime Jack note how Mrs. kimball 's thin cotton dress cling to she in the heat . she drink from a hose . '' tne water flow over she bare foot . mrs . kimball . you want a drink ? he shake he head . she be a kind , lovely woman ; shy . later , he pace back and forth outside the kimball house , until he see she through the open drape . later still , as night be fall , he walk past the bate ' , , eager to see more . there be a odd gray flicker on the ceiling in the live room . tv have enter the neighborhood , though no one think much of it and only the bate have a set . ext . well ' house Howard have a jook of dread on he face . Jack frown . howard dad 's come back . Jack be transport to +he scene in Howard 's recount of it . . mr . well ( 0.s. ) what be I do ? mind my binness . go cut a switch . Howard cut a switch off a willow tree . Mrs. Wells close herself up inside she bedroom . Howard watch he father come towards he ; no , not a father but a beast of wrath and sensuous intoxication . as the blow fall , the boy 's cry excite he to great cruelty . 96 . mr . well ( cont 'd ) ( chew gum ) lick the floor with you tongue . pay ! somebody 's go to pay ! he take Howard outside and shove he down into the storm cellar , shut the door and set the chow to guard it . in the darkness below , Howard wail and weep and pound he face with he fist . daddy , daddy ! please , daddy ! he clenches he fist and beat he chest and beg heaven to protect he . it go on until he can scream no more but gasp for breath . howard dear God ! help we ! please ! next day the next day Jack listen as rl tetl * neit mother : rl we learn in school the sun be go to die . the earth , too . be it true ? mother maybe -- but such a long time from now it do not matter . int . school room - jack math , geography ; boundary and rule . Day by day , the adult world close ité¢el€ about he . he gaze at Marsha . so this be love . where might it lead you ? it be like return +o you original state -- like be heal . ext . CITY - a late afternoon in may the boy be play outside when the wind come up . in the south the sky have turn black . the branch of the oak tree rise and fall . the wind grow stronger . Shep look up , puzzle . a newspapec : fly through the street . the boy drift inside . the window move as if they be breathe . the radio announce a approach storm . tornado - stock ( 35mm ) - dusk , night a tornado bear down on the town . there be lightning , then hail ; big hailstone that bounce off the street . the wind make a roar like a train . 97 . lawn furniture , toy and garbage can be sweep along the street . the front door rattles until it seem the glass might break . the laundry line fly out like a flag . a tree have fall in the middle of the street , illuminate 's by the headlight of a swerving car . down power line spew shower of spark . everyone be soqlemn and still . it seem some elemental violence have come forth to threaten good and wick alike ; a great power ready at any time to sweep down on man with a unbridle cruelty , tear the life and hope out of they , destroy the labor of they year . the hailstone split the windshield of a car , smash leave and branch off the tree . the door fly open . curtain be suck out the window . there be a chaos of thunder and lightning . at length the power q0 '' $ over . thei¢ mother appear with a candle and lead they away from the wudow - the flame waver , threaten to go out . the radio narrate the rest : how a elecbrician work on the roof of a building downtown fall five storey when it collapse and walk away , - how all go black as power line pop like string . the National Guard have be call out , the horn of a flatten truck be still blow , etc . ext . neighborhood ~ evidence of tornado' passage the next day the child be out in the street with the grow -up , note sign of the tornado 's passage : the clothes of stranger hang from the branch of a tree , a chair , a tricycle too : a catfish suck up from the lake and drop on the lawn ; a tree strike by lightning , split down the middle , stripped of it§ leave and bark . a house have be toss into a field down the road , its intimate content scatter through the street . a car lie demolish while aeyt to it another have go untouched . a vase stand vadisturhed , in a demolish room . stranger stare at a family which have \ggt its home . the full wrath of the sky have descend on they alone . rl how do it pick ? uproot tree lie scattered like bowl pin . it be as if the fabric of reality have be tear away , and beyond it they be give to gaze into some abyss of meaninglessness , futility and terror . mr . bate mckeever die . mr . kimball he never do nothing wrong . 98 . a neighbor have die , a man they rarely see . Jack have no reaction to this news -- only the fear that she might die . where would they be then ? Word come that a hundred and fourteen other have share Mr. mckeever 's fate . that night a figure of death appear to Jack in a dream . she lead he into a abandon house . she give Mr. mckeever a cup to drink . jack Pov on he mother Jack observe he mother , smile as she help rl with he science project , a model of the solar system . it seem that in some way she have betrayed he . he €eelg angry at she for be so vulnerable , so easily impose voon . , when she ask he to help she carry in the grvcecle , he gcetend ~ not to have hear and walk away . later - he brother' hand as Jack listen to rl practice the guitar , he think of he brother 's hand , how it play with the wind outside the window of the move car -- how it reach out to touch the leave of the tree in the front yard , the bark -- the water run from the hose and spread across the smooth concrete of the driveway ~- int . o'brien house his mother speak in a hushed voice into the phone . mother now he 's sell we stock , the few we move -- dack : be act up at scrool , get into trouble -- int . school room Jack compete with a boy name billy for the title of class clown . while Mr. reese be give dictation , he stand up and ask : jack how do you spell " the " ? everyone laugh . he do not ask it as a joke , however . he genuinely forget . Marsha look away : this sort of thing be not likely to win she favor . she do not return he greeting in the hall . 99 . ext . stickley ' house Jack stand with Robert and some of the other neighborhood boy near the stickley ' garage . ROBERT where be you go ? he can tell Jack be afraid of he . jack we be not suppose to bother they . ROBERT who say ? they do not use it , anyway . they look at each other a moment , then Jack pick up a rock . the first one miss , the second do net . they break out in laughter at the sound of the shatter glass . ext . laundry line - wind chime , martin house Jack walk through the clothes flutter indiscreetly on the kimball ' laundry line . purple martin flit about they happy home . ext . kimball ' house - dawn of he moral awareness Jack be play with the other boy when , out of the corner of he eye , he see Mrs. kimball drive away . he turn back to they game , daistcact now . he know he must not go into the house . but the wi6h keep interpose itself . the garage isstillanacool . there be a few wasp stir in the corner . he xeit . the door . once again , it be open . in the distance 's he wear the cry of he playmate . he hesitates . this might be the first time he have ever make a simple choice between good and evil , right and wrong . who would be hurt by he disobedience ? yet this be the only thing he mother have ever so plainly and explicitly forbidden . his heart pound in he throat . he turn away , but the wind chime seem to draw he attention back to the door . int . kimball ' house cross the threshold , he feel a sort of vertigo , a pride in he cleverness , a wild reckless joy in abandon himself to the forbidden . 100 . he wander through the house examine thing , take care to put they back in they place . he avoid the eye of the portrait on the wall . he pass by the silver and china . he hesitates before the stair that lead towards the bedroom . dare he up ? what do the adult know that he do not ? he long to leave he childhood behind . Inside the master bedroom all stand in impeccable order . he look through Mrs. kimball 's cosmetics , then discover the chest of drawer where she keep she clothes . his breath grow quick and shallow . he open a drawer . he gaze at the fold garment . he take out a nightgown . suddenly , a noise . he look up , start to leave , then see to he surprise that he have leave the drawer open . he close it quietly . with the craft of a burglar , he do not go back the way he come but unlatch a screen and slip out a window at the back of the house , into the holly bush with they sharp - tip leave . ext . kimball ' house — outside , he stand alone , breathless . have anyone see he ? he glance at the gaze ball on its stand in the backyard . uncertain what +o do with the nightgown , he hide it under a board at the edge of the wood . his eye dart leave and right . no normal boy would do this . of that he be sure . he should have stay outof the house . he choose not to . he know . nature , which once sing around he , be silent now . and yet he feel a subtle alteration in himself ; a freedom , with new power of reason and understanding . so this be how they see the world ! with the open of he eye , new hope awaken , the promise of new joy , they taste so sweet in he anticipation of they that all he have know before seem stale and flat . ext . o'brien house he look up . it be he mother , call he . her voice float on the air , barely perceptible , through the hedge and back yard . he pretend not to hear . , 101 . mother ( 0.s. ) where be you ? she walk through the yard in the cool of the evening , repeat the question . where be you ? he feel conscious of himself , inwardly naked . he trudge heavily back toward he home . it do not seem the place he know before . he hear something like the breath , or footstep , of someone come after he , the voice of a stranger far away -- new angle - mother' pove - letting go of hand she gaze at he . something . be wrdng , . his face be fall . Love be not in it . he look at she . do she know ? how cen h@ tell she all that be in he heart ? he have break faith with she . mother where have you be ? jack out in the wood . with cayler . once he start , he cannot stop . jack ( cont 'd ) we find some bottle . we break they , Brown bottle . mother . what be it ) sweetheart ? he do not answer , a '' jjoud have come over he life . a burglar , a liar , a thief , in bondage to strange force , the good world forever in he past . she would forgive , but he dare not ask . he let go of she hand . the tone and visual style of the picture have grow harder , more realistic , disenchant . there be no hint or call from the transcendent world he know in he play . no more . what ship have carry he off ? to what far land ? the change be indicate to he from all quarter : the rotting peach on the tree , the grackle gab with each other in they roost , the ' lock gate , a threaten dog , the porch light , the wind blow uselessly this way and that . 102 . the star and the tree have disappear . they be no more to he than the wallpaper in he room . he will never be a child again . ext . oak tree when he go outside , the oak tree do not speak with he as before . his own dog Shep look at he as though he be a stranger . the little stream of he disobedience have grow into a river and overspread the earth . int . school room when Jack next speak with he teacher , he be very pleasant and respectful , if thoroughly ins\ncere . Mr. reese be deceive by the change in he behavior . mr . reese good job . jack thank you . and so he learn to make he way in the world . he have begin to - be aware of how he appear to other and of what they think of he . that he can shape they impression of he -- act friendly and compliant , then go right on do what he _please , leave they none the wiser . he will show a petty talent and success in school but ala ! , as a substitute for the real worth that he mother wish he to have . int . live . room Jack see rl at 'wock on a watercolor . jack what 's that ? rl I be painting it for mother . for she birthday . jack I get she a paperweight . later , he look . at he paperweight . it be not as personal or imaginative a gift as rl 's , though it - cost more . will she understand ? she thanks Jack for he gift , but seem to appreciate rl 's more . 103 . mother how lovely ! the next day , Jack pour water over rl 's work , cause the color to run . later , when she ask he not to slam the screen door , he reply : jack I be not go to do anything you say . mother we will see ! jack I be go to do wha} want . ( after a pause ) what do you know ? you let he cun all over you . he see that he word have stung she . he look up at she : the one who know he through and through and miraculously still love hin . : jack ( cont 'd ) what 's happen to I ? I be so happy before . why do he do that very thing which injure he mother 's happiness and cause she anxiety ? he vow to make she happy , to redeem she sorrow . now he be the chief cause of it ! will he way lead farther and farther down , into darkness and night ? already he cead the life of a spy . Mrs. o' brien see that she have lose he . his soul have drift away . he have gerownhard and close . he have turn from she way of do thing sto he father 's , though he admire he father 's way less . how soon before the other boy follow ? int . live room his mother and father argue . she try to keep she voice down . mother they be just kid . you can not expect they to act like adult . father do not they see all I be do for they ? 104 . mother what be you afraid of ? they want to love you .. why do not you go out ' and play catch with they ? praise they when they do well . father i. do not want they to get lazy . mother you ' turn people against you . you be always say foolish thing about the man above you . you offend they -- almost on purpose . father they need I . more than T need they . mother why do not you tell I the truth ? ( after a silence ) why do you always have to pretend ? father pretend ? ext . a neighbor be house - dusk Jack eavesdrop at door . he spy on a neighborhood woman from the darkness outside she house . he hold a seal letter up against the Light . he see a pin - up on a gas station wall . something be pull hin away from what be dearest to he . when rl call nim to join in they childish game , he shake he head . he no fonget care to follow they into the wood . ext . oak tree , front yard rl whisper to Jack as he finger the bark of the oak tree in the front yard . of rl i. know we be unhappy now . -- but if we touch this tree -- listen , it will tell we ! jack what ? rl caleecha makeecha ! the word ! 105 . jack what word ? rl the one that will destroy all the evil in people 's heart and bring they everything good . they will be healthy . none sick ! and they will never fight again . listen ! caleecha makeecha ! he whisper the word to waken the tree , to persuade it to unfold its secret . jack I do not believe in that stuff any more . ext . bate ' house the boy be play on a slide at the bate ' house . rusty Wells have climb to the top , imagine that he too would like to go down , only to find that he be afraid . cayler everybody . else have ! Jack sneak up the ladder and give the tremble child a push . rusty fall to the ground with a thud . he look up at Jack , whom he trust as a friend and protector , then burst into tear and run off . Howard do not protest but merely bow he head and lead rusty home , walk a few pace in front of he . jack you okay ? Jack be astonished . t+ be as though a devil have enter he . jack ( cont 'd ) he be get in my way . there be more and more thing he mother and father do not know about he and could not guess ; thing that he be guilty of far worse than any they have punish he for . this darkness in himself , it lie in other too . he remember stand in the dusk , listen to Howard cry . his father have return home and be beat he with a belt . why should the tornado take better man and leave this beast to roam ? Mrs. o' brien have hear what Jack do to rusty . 106 . jack ( cont 'd ) why do I do this thing ? you be go to hate I . I want to be like I be before . I want to be little again . she stroke he back , consol he . jack ( cont 'd ) I want to be someone else . I always do stupid thing . sometimes I want to run away . I be afraid I be go to turn into a killer . then i'11l have to kill myself . I mess up . I do not know why . I can make my . hand write a word on a piece of paper . but when I want to act right , I can not do it . you do not Love I anymore , momma . you do not come and give I hug like you use to . how can I be good ? why 's it so hard ? she look at he and smile . he hear a train whistle far away . jack ( cont 'd ) start tomorrow I be go to change . Mr. reese be go to give a silver dollar to the one who read the most book . I want you to be hard with I -- to shout at I . 's I be ' to to be a new kid tomorrow . int . o'brien house - radio show o.s. he turn from the outdoors to occupy he day with the radio , the sear catalogue and other thing of the world . int . bathroom earlier , he be not embarrassed to go naked in he mother 's presence . now when she come upon he get out of the shower , he quickly shut the door . int . boy ' room one night , for no reason , rl start repeat he name . Jack pinch he on the arm , to get he to stop . rl brother . 107 . jack when I hit you , you do not hit back . why ? his brother be more genial . why would he not be prefer ? then the idea set in . he will punish he mother through she favorite . he will make himself deliberately and knowingly unlovable . he will flaunt he worthlessness as a protest . now he be alone -- alone with he frailty , with the struggle of light and darkness in he soul . a tide be carry he away from that whom he should love , whose love towards he have not change in the least . ext . school ground a student ring the bell for class . int . mr. reese's office Jack 's mother have be call in for a conference . mr . reese he interrupt the class . he do not listen to instruction . he 's afraid to finish he painting , or write a sentence -- afraid it might be wrong . he copy he report out of the World Book . mother he cheat ? later , she see he hit himself in the face in frustration . she decide it '' be time to take step . int . live room Jack overhear he parent discuss he future . mother ( 0.s. ) maybe we should send he away to school . father ( 0 - S . ) we do not have the money ... the other boy can not go . it would not be fair . mother ( 0.s. ) I can work . I could get a job . 108 . father ( 0.5 . ) people would wonder what be wrong ... we would lose face . ext . field Jack lead he brother out into the field beyond the house . jack I have get something to show you . rl want to go back . something about he manner be odd . jack ( cont 'd ) we can shoot wasp . ~ Jack have bring he bb gun . he urge he brother to put he finger over the tip . jack ( cont 'd ) do it . like this . I will not shoot . do not you trust I ? rl you will not do anything ? rl smile . he put he finger over the muzzle . Jack hesitates . then he pull the trigger . rl howl in pain and consternation , look at he brother , then run back to the house . Jack be sick at heért . it could not have be he who act in this way . something act on he . but no , he do it , though a strange he ; not the real he . a new pain enter he soul , one that he mother 's touch cannot take away . int . o'brien house - later rl do not look at he . never again will he get back to that garden where they spirit mingle as one . he have trample on all that be dear . jack I get tell on . even Steve be wary of he . 109 . tight on he mother jack it be a accident . mother no , it be not . what get into you ? he want to 's confess -- all but that sin he feel ashamed of . jack you always love he more . she will not be put off . mother if you have do you prothec wren ; you can set it right . be yad to he . do something . go . int . boy ' room Jack give rl the thunder egg he treasure . rl be delighted . he bounce on the bed . ext . front yard Jack walk out across the front yard and stand under the oak tree . he be lose to what he be , but he have find something new . int . live room some day latec , Jack jein he parent in the live room . . father come in here . we want to speak with you . sit down . ( he do ) we never finish college , neither I nor you mother . we want you to have the best education . so we have decide -- we be send you off to school . he turn accusingly to he mother . she look away . she do not wish it . but he have be fight so much with he father , it might be the only way to save he from destruction . 110 . father ( cont 'd ) '' +- we will still see you on vacation . it 's just a hundred mile away , you know . a good school . I have speak with the people there . they know what a good boy you be . but if we be go to do this , then you will work . you brother -- Jack leap up and rush out of the house . ext . yard and wood his chest heave with violent emotions5 . the tree , the familiar house offer no consolation now . ext . new house go up rl lead Jack to a new house that be just : go up at the end of the block . they slip like ghost among the sweet - smell stud , and wander through the room look for slug by the electrical box . rl look at he and smile . Robert appear . a moment later rl be cry . rl he steal my slug . Jack give he the slug that he himself have find . then -- ext . robert house he march over +o Robert 's house and punch he in the nose , knock he +o the ground . later his mother speak with he alone . mother I think this will be for the best . you have be have so much trouble with you father -- I know you love he -- and with you classmate at school . I -- we -- think it might be better than the school here -- better for you , I mean . we have not be good parent , or you would not be under all this tension . we should have set you - a better example . I will miss you very much . 111 . dimly he sense that she do not want this separation -- that she be do something that be very hard for she . she look at he . the child she expect to have the most trouble with . at last she must give he into the world 's hand ! ext . carport one afternoon Mr. o' brien return home early . he ask no question of the boy . he do not demand to know if they have practice the piano or weede the bed . his eye do not meet theirs . it be the middle of a weekday . it be strange to the boy that he be home at all . father 2 go play for a while , will yous want to speak to you mother alone . inwardly , he seem to stagger . int . live room he sit down in a corner and gaze out the window . his life now seem to he a folly . the world a fraud . but he might still have they -- he family -- whom he. take for grant . Jack hear a muffle cry . at first it seem they might be have another fight . but this be a new , unfamiliar sound ; a moan . Jack stand in the hall , listen . father ( 0.s. ) they be close the plant . I can either steike out on my own , or stay with he company and take whatever job they offer I . they expect I to beg . mother ( 0.s. ) I be sorry . father ( o.s. ) we have to think of the kid . do not tell they what happen . i do not want they to worry . move at the sight of he shame and dismay , she touch he cheek , consol he . Jack watch through a crack in the door . Mr. o' brien tremble with a sense of wonder and discovery . 112 . father ( cont 'd ) I be not the man I think I be . I have drive my son away from I . I think I be make they -- tough -- so they could live in the world -- so they could get ahead -- go farther . I treat they with malice . mother you do not know what you be do . father I do . I know while lwas do it . it be a rational malice . L think I could never harm anyone L love ! I work my finger + of the bone . six , seven day a week . I titwed at church . I make the other think I be something I be not . and you , what have I do to you , who have love I through it all : someone lower than a worm . mother no . father they give I a choice : no job , or a job nobody want . where do I go wrong ? but this could be a exci din new opportunity for we . I mean , not really be fire , yusr — - — reassign . I have go about as facasg i1 can go here . it might be + tme +o move on . Jack see rl have come up behind he in the hall . father ( cont 'd ) it be my fault . I believe in the company ! what I should have do be take my life into my own hand . now I be low . in the mud . the strange thing be -- I feel free ! ( take she hand ) thank you for loving I ! 113. new angle Jack look at he mother and father . he wait for a explanation . he never before have see he shake and bewilder . rl what be it ? father I lose my job . they want to -- transfer I . they do not understand the business . there be up and downs . everyone know +hat -- Jack 's heart open towards he . father ( cont 'd ) do you understand ? you can . you will ! forgive I . I have behave so badly -- I have not only lose the light myself , but the power to give it to you -- my child . I have give you my darkness instead . and it will take you year to find you way out of it . I want to be strong ! a man you could love -- he look at they . he see how much he need they , more than the success he crave , more than wealth or prestige . father ( cont 'd ) can you love I ? jack ( nod ) I be as pad as you be . ( aetec a pause ) I be more like you than she . father no you be not . I can make up for it . all that waste year -- it will be like they never be ! the waste ! ( after a pause ) just work hard . you do not need to be rich . by God , we have still get some fight in we yet , boy ! we be not dead yet . not half dead ! even in such a moment he father cannot resist a theatrical flourish . 114 . father ( cont 'd ) now. we will only be able to , send one of you away to school . you have to get through . the way you grandfather do , when he come to this country . jack I will work hard , I promise . I will make you proud . I see all you do . I be proud of you , dad . father do not say that -- you boy be all that I have do in le . otherwise . I draw a zilch . ( after a pause ) you be all I have -- all Z want to have . he lay he hand on top of Jack 's head . father ( cont 'd ) Father , I give he my bless . there 's so much I can not do , and have not do . I give you my son ! bless and keep he . bless all the child . ( to Jack ) know that , much as I love you , there 's one who love you even more -- wholl always guard and protect you -— jack it 's you I want . Jack throw himself jnto he father 's arm . Light spread through he soul , the spirit which move over the chaos ; the first light of creation . jack ( cont 'd ) forgive I . father do not say that ! how could I -~ not forgive anyone ? he hug he father close . he have learn to love and be love . in forgive , he receive forgiveness too . 115 . forgiveness have give he the key to reality . he see it now : love be the answer to evil and sorrow . he will love every leaf and every stone , every ray of light ! this be the way to the lose kingdom . this be what life will be : draw closer and closer to the eternal . alone with rl Jack give rl he knife , he compass . rl smile . ext . o'brien house Jack go out under the tree in the front. yard . he see with the eye of he soul . even sorrow have brovant he good . scene he spirit sees - crane and aerial shot field , forest , tall mountain : the world be restore to its original beauty . his soul have emerge from childhood . he soar like a god . his have be a journey into light , into love ; out of error into truth , from grief to consolation , out of death to the shore of a new , unending life . the eternal be not one thing , and he another . he grow from it like a tree from the earth . ext . patio Jack find wmself alone with he mother . mother tl love you , honey -. I be proud of you . eromtime to time you might go wrong . Dow + blame yourself . you have ae wrong in order to grow . tear sting he eye . May he be worthy of she pride ! mother ( cont 'd ) we be a family still . we trouble -~- can bring we closer . sometimes we can not stay where we be . we have to move on . I know you do not want to leave this place behind but something good lie ahead of you . something beyond you dream . the family together - later 's the family . together . that be enough . 116 . Mrs. stickley come out of she house . it be the first time Jack have ever laid eye on she . she be a old woman . she look at he , smile , say nothing . . ext . front door ~ doorbell the doorbell ring . Mrs. o' brien find they widow neighbor , Mrs. mckeever , on the front step . mrs . mckeever I hear you all might be leave . I just want to pay you back ~~ well , a start -- $ 50 -- mother pay we back for what ? mrs . mc keever ( embarrassed ) I think you know . well , for hope I have not do anything wrong . when my husband die in the tornado , you husband come over and give we $ 1000 so we could keep up the house payment . you be not upset ? mother not at all . on the contrary , she neighbor have rekindle Mrs. o' brien 's love for she husband . she have assume they stock be sell to satisfy he gar no' 1g debt . int . o'brien house ~a mowt later they be pack have sine house , prepare to leave . Jack walk through the empty fcoom . already it seem as if they live here in some time long past : father and mother Mr. o' brien see he wife say goodbye to she gardenias . she run she hand over the bright , waxy leave . father they will not grow in the north . she nod , come to he side , smile . father ( cont 'd ) let 's not fight or blame each other . can we start again ? I be go to make you happy . 117 . ext . oak tree Jack watch as rl set a offer at the base of the oak tree : some rock , a dead minnow , a coin and a play card . ext . neighborhood Jack cast a last , linger look at the neighbor ' house . he will never live here again . this part of he life be over . but now that music come back which he once hear in the wood , then cease to hear ; a answer voice . jack pove on father Mr. o' brien be back at he old way , rorment they with scolding and arbitrary order . yas he foaottén he great revelation ? Jack 's nerve be taux , lk ' seem forgiveness must be a ongoing business . father pick it up by the handle . jack I see . father we will leave at sunrise . ext . o'brien house it be early morning . they say they farewell to the neighbor the mant wefore . the station wagon be load up . the mover have already leave . rl do a rain datce . Steve be in the car . the gate stand open that lead ovt to the wood . Jack come up beside ru and take he hand . bend forward , he kiss he brother on the cheek . up angle on mother - music ~ a fanfare Mrs. o' brien see this , smile . she take Jack by the hand , and together they go off , the world before they now . pove from moving car they be pull away when Shep appear . they almost forget he . he wag he tail as he jump in the car . the street of waco recede behind they . 118 . ext . highway - gullied field - road ahead - music a rainbow spread above the horizon as they set out toward the east , onto the cold plain of the world . they pass a highway crew : man toil by the sweat of they brow . civilization appear ; tall building ; public work . Jack gaze at the road ahead ; hopeful , expectant . part three ext . CITY - jack ( adult ) - the future Jack , a adult now , wake up from he revesie . his soul have come to life . he see the order of thinas , the sanity of the creative scheme ; a moral purpose underly : 4 all . now , before he eye , the future un@old , the world in ruins —- the great tribulation scene from the congo , from Bangladesh , Iraq and Chad . Children strand by a flood ; they mute , inquire eye . dry , abandon well . riot , fire . grief and dread have seize the earth . ext . new earth —- the family of man the music shift to a major key . the C minor of the chaos section be resolve into a triumphant E flat major as , after the great catastrophe , a new earth appear ; a new land of the spirit . evil be oveccome , wrong 1s set right . Men lay down they arm . manacle be , wadone , bolt and lock fly open . Black embrace white , mushm Jew . man recover he lose inheritance . the sov\ ig reconcile with nature . woman from Guatemala , India , kenya , Greenland : they smile at they child . scene of peace and harmony : from the dordogne , from Bhutan 's and Switzerland , and other happy land where the earth be still a garden . the end of the earth ( cgi ) ~ black sky - music the last day of the earth . man have long since leave its surface to seek asylum on world yet unknown . the atmosphere have vanish . the seas have boil away . the land melt . lava stream down the naked hill . trumpets sound as the sun swell outward , spew its last reserve of energy into the night of space . 119 . the earth skim through a envelope of luminous white gas , in eventless round . the dying SUN ( cgi ) - planetary nebula - tender music the die sun collapse to a fraction of its former size , a white dwarf now . all man 's sacrifice , he work , he suffer and genius be go without a trace . nothing seem the better or worse for it , nothing improve or diminish . he be here one day , sweep away the next . the sun , tear from its axis , drift + heovqn space without purpose or direction , a undistinguished ciadec glow with a faint blue light , no brighter Fran today 's full moon . behind it , like a lose child , trail a cenant of the earth . new world , imaginary life ( cgi ) ~ pandromeda New world spring up from the ash of the old . New sun , with new planet in they sphere . numberless galaxy , in a universe without center or circumference . as the universe grow older , life assume new form . it run like a fire to the uttermost reach of space and time -- break free of its confinement to mortal flesh -- resolve itself into the unbounded and ethereal -- into spirit , light . degenerate era ( cgi ) —- a thousand trillion year from now ~— last world per '' shing - death of the universe - end of time at length this new world pesioh like that which precede they . they mountain bucn like tar . they sun go out like candle in the wind . star be scattered like chaff , and the heaven roll up |\ kea scecoll . the expansion of the universe accelerate . the galaxy recede out of sight of each other . all but that in we local group become invisible . gradually , as they run out of hydrogen , star formation cease . only brown and white dwarf remain , with neutron star , black hole , atom the size of the milky Way , and other bizarre product of this era . with each pass year they drift farther and farther apart from each other . night sink into a deeper night . now and then there be a burst of light as two dwarf collide to form a new star . when there be nothing leave to devour , the biack hole themselves evaporate away . 120 . all die , even death itself . time come to a close , and all be as it be in the beginning . shall the creation leave off here ? have death no purpose , great as life 's ? the same triumphant music accompany the departure of this celestial scene as greet they arrival at the start of we story , when the star be first bear . a hymn of joy . though all that life be doom to die , something yet remain . though even we universe be not eternal , there yet be that which be . . the multiverse ( cgi ) - multiple @ 1 @ bang — third expansion from the sadness and gloom of the jas* nlaht , new universe burst forth , one rise out of the other , a fountain of light . creation be eternal birth . a beginning without end . it happen in every instant of time . the same power which burn in the star and nebulae burn equally in we . we be be a miracle , equal with the creation of the universe , and like the universe , each day be create anew . for a third time , the cosmos expands . universe froth and dance like bubbles in a pot of boil water . most contain no life -- unstable seas of neutrino , photon and electron , incapable of combinin to form any higher structure -- but what can we say of +he , countless other ? we have ceviewede whole '' of time , in order that we might see what be wimhout be hnaing or end -- without growth , without decay -- elesnt 4 . ' eveal itself in the phenomenon of time -- as active in undoing as in do . tight on jack ( 30 ) - dawn the first shaft of dawn reach into the city of desolation . ext . CITY ~ crossroad - dawn Jack find himself at the edge of the city . a choice be offer he : he may either go back into the labyrinth where he wander so long , or come out into the unknown and unfamiliar . ext . wall , ramp , door - reimer ranch set - dawn he see a ramp , a ladder , a gateway , a door . 121 . gather he courage , he go forward . the door be ajar . he stand at the threshold . there be no sound of life , only the wind . what lie on the other side ? do he dare to see ? one step , and he be through . ext . field beyond the wall ~ suspenseful music he stand in a field beyond the wall , which already seem to lie far behind he . he hear the sing of cicadas . the land be dry . he look for water . he will not find it here . ext . slot canyon - goblin valley - slickrock ( utah ) with time lapse of flowing water , cloud — climb he pass through the narrow defile of aslo* canyon . his heart pound with dread . he climb ancougn not rock . he see a coral snake on the ground . this and other image from he past gradually take shape -- assume a sense they do not have before . at last he begin to understand the meaning and the pattern of he life . everything seem a clue , a oracle : the nighthawk overhead , the rise moon , the faint sound of a guitar . ext . stream - pool among petrified dune - dawn a stream run through the rock . he approach it . a canyon wren be sing . he kneel down beside the water . he drink from it . he bathes he 's face and neck . we have travel up the river of time -- ascend , from nature to the sov\ . paradise be nota elace here or there . the soul be paradise ; it open before we ; here , today . the humblest thing show it . we live in the eternal , even now . ext . sunflower field sunflower , they head turn towards they source : the unseen sun , illuminate all with its bright shaft , press eagerly through chink and crack , drive the darkness before it -- . ext . land of the dead - mist - dust - cave / sea / CITY / quarry — utah salt flat - mono lake ~ grassland - bomarzo - dawn Dawn tints the high cloud as a fresh wind find its way into the land of death , at the end of that road from which there be no return , where man sit in darkness , where dust be they food . 122 . the mist dissolve away . Light break through a high window , awaken the dead . the sleeper open they eye , look about . they rise up exultant , change -- fresh as they be in the day of they youth . they gather from different place -- all who have ever live . they ascend towards the light at the mouth of a cave . they come out of the city street where they last walk -- out of quarry and abandon factory , and up from the depth of the sea . they face be cover with ash . each wear that costume which indicate he character or occupation while he be . alive : a ball gown , a cassock , amilitacm m uniform or simply he Sunday best . one drag a chain ; anokher push a large ball . gradually , as though at the close of ~ masquerade , they put this disguise aside . they stop by a pool to wash they face . they feature grow more distinct . they wander over a salt flat . at first the ground be dry and crack . then , with a mount excitement , they discover water beneath they foot . ahead lie a mountain . rain cloud stand above its peak . shoot of young grass spring up through the hard ground . ext . sand dune —- reunion and rebirth Men and woman embrace in the dawn , reunite at last . husband and wife , mother aad child , greet each other in joy and awe . eagerly they tell each , other all that have happen . the age since they last see each oe have pass off like a dream . here there be no before of after . ext . shore of eternity - music of unbounded joy they go down toward the shore , entrance by a grow brightness in the east . they speak with each other in whisper . the shore teem with people now . Water lap at they foot . a crown lie cast down on the wet sand . Mrs. Stone find she son , Mrs. mckeever she husband . Jack see other figure from he past : Mr. reese , o.c. , he grandmother and he uncle , Betty and Ruth , cayler and other : the prisoner , the lame man , Marsha and Robert . it be as though they be come together in one great chorus . this be the end of the voyage of life . the music sing : all come from love , to love all shall return . 123. Jack have cross over death 's threshold , go beyond space and time , to some great life which include death within it . he brother now , from a distance , he hear that sweet voice which he trust most in all the world . jack brother ! as rl approach , Jack reach out and take he hand . we see he from the back ; never face on . jack ccont ’d ) I have find you . they melt into each other 's arm . here , 1 n the eternal , they have not be apart . the wall of the world fly away . it can hold they no longer . they know each other in that which be without end . mother and father turn , Jack see he mother , father and Steve look on . he lead rl towards they . mother be it you ? rl wipe the ikac from she eye . 1 mother ( cont 'd ) you : she embrace she lose sen . she touch he hand , he face , ecstatic . wonder ! unspeakable joy ! father my son ! now , with open arm , he father come towards he . Love unite what death and suffer have put asunder . he turn to he wife . she caress she child 's hair . she look at the stranger who be stand by , as though .to ask if she be dream . she look at Jack . she nod . her grief be cure . her doubt be end . jack ( 0.s. ) what you be can not die . 124 . the plain and ordinary have become a door to the infinite . he life in that which neither come into be nor pass away . he take he mother 's hand . the music drop away . he know love and not its semblance . the world itself be music now . eternity Dawn approach . we pass beyond death . we arrive at the eternal , the real -- at that which neither flower nor fade , which neither come into be nor pass away -- that in which we might live forever . hitherto all have be mere . \mage , all that we think solid and permanent . Space , time , evanescent all ; image only , the purpose and last end e\sewhere ; tne life of life . eternity -- that realm of pure and endless \iqht -- how shall we represent it ? a ladder lead up \nto a tree . spark fly up from a fire . a bridge . a kiss . a solitary island . a single image might serve better than several combine . the whole creation in the figure of a tree . the smallest leaf communicate with the lowest root , all part feed on the same sap , breathe in the same air and sunlight , draw the same life up from the darkness of the earth below . simple image , capture with a pinhole camera . after the nervous movement of time , we see that of which time be a move picture . a child ; the similamt4 in form between the shape of he ear and that of a oyster shell , between the cowlick at the crown of he head anda apkoxry . & lotus , its stalk rise clear of the water ; its \ea® + of which nothing cling . sequoias . a rise , unfold . life surpass itself . a locomotive approach the end of a tunnel . the light draw closer . soon it shall burst out into the day . no longer a blind mechanism , it have become ( quick dissolves , quick cut ) a river -- live , flow -- the pure water of the river of life , rush down from a mountain peak . Winter have pass . the leafless wood we hero wander in be green and cool , murmurous with the song of bird . you separate the true from the false . you , to whom all thing return , from whom all proceed ; in whom they be ; the beginning of thing and they last end ; the goal of each and all . 125 . the whole of the picture have be a sifting . the chaff fly away , the kernel remain . something life in you that shall outlast the star . ext . shore as Jack watch , he mother spread she arm towards she child , restore to faith and happiness , reconcile to life . now he see that it be she -- he mysterious guide , the guardian of he heart , the source of he moral . be . she be the mother of all creation . all flow out of she ; she be the gateway , the door . she smile tnrovay a\\ thing . through she the eternal seek he . from out of she mouth it speak . through she life and action she brovaht they near it . mother ( 0.5 ) fear no longer . you shall find I . the camera rise with the music 's circle string ~- over the tree , over the hill and plain . now there be rest . the peace of eternity spread about he , and all be as it be in the beginning . ext . CITY rain . weed in the crack of a sidewalk . Children play . we be back with Jack in the city . even in this street , the eternal shine . this be God 's world , and not a infinite plain of chaos and soccow after all . though he must lina@ here a while yet , he will not despair . a new life ize bekoce Wim . a faith which see through death . mother ( 0.s. ) know that I be . ext . o'brien house we return to the present , to the noise and confusion of the everyday , to the place we set out from . we see it now as though for the first time . what seem plain and familiar glow with a radiance it do not display before . we have find the infinite in the everyday , the commonplace . Jack look about . will the revelation be forget ? will it seem a pass fancy -- a dream ? Inside the house , he father be play the piano . his mother have go into the backyard . a bell sound . 126 . the great oak tree stand like a sentient be -- thoughtful , benevolent -- look down on he . he put he ear against the trunk and listen for that word that , it be foretold , would destroy the evil in men' heart and bring they good . the camera rise up through the branch , crane up and up until it break out of the canopy of leave into the sky above . all end in peace , as music do . the last chord melt into ordinary production sound . time have reappear ; resume its sway . and still the vision be not the jovenery . tue real journey have yet to begin . will he give himself to this new life ? do he dare ? a stranger , smile . a threshold . a star . the end