the last station written by Michael hoffman base on the novel by Jan parini all happy family be the same . each unhappy family be unhappy in its own way . Leo tolstoy - Anna karenina 1 ext . countryside . day . 1 High angle of the steam train travel through a wide river valley . the stack belching smoke against the Russian sky . 2 int . second CLASS carriage . country side . day . 2 Leo tolstoy ( 80 ) , sit write on he lapboard . he be quite simply the great live writer in the world . his devotion to pacifism , he rejection of the trapping of orthodoxy in favor of a simple Christian lifestyle convince many to regard he as a live saint . with he be he much young wife , the countess sofya , favorite daughter sasha , and he personal physician dushan makovitsky . sasha and dushan write in they diary . sofya look from one to the next a little impatient . the train begin to slow . sofya why be we slow down ? no one respond . slower . slower . sofya we be stop . why be we stop ? sasha I do not know , mother . no idea . tolstoy look up from he work , ask a pass conductor . sofya Excuse I , why have the train stop ? conductor it 's the crowd , mar be , the people . they be block the track . in the distance we can here voice . voice ( o.s. ) Long live tolstoy ! Long live the old warrior ! sofya but if they block the track , the train can not go ... you have to make they move . 2 . the conductor shrug , walk away . she go to the window to investigate . a crowd of a hundred peasant , student surround the engine , block the track . they carry a huge cloth banner honore tolstoy . we can hear voice chant " tolstoy . tolstoy . tolstoy " , voice cry " you be the truth . " " you be the hope of the Russian people . " sofya oh , they will not move . we be gonna die here . Leo , Leo , go and say something to they . it 's the only way we be gonna get out of here . the chant grow in intensity . tolstoy get to he foot , walk to the window , show himself to the crowd . a great shout go up . tolstoy lift he hand for silence . gradually , it come . tolstoy I have see you banner . and I ´ve hear what you say . you think I ´m the hope of Russia , do you ? well , that 's not true . you be the hope of Russia . the hope of all the world . you say , you want a new way to live ? well , you be not gonna find it make a fuss over I . so , I suggest that you get on with you work and let a poor old man get on with he . the cry begin . " clear the track . let they pass . let they go . " tolstoy close the door and wave to the crowd as the train pull away . 3 ext . countryside . day . 3 on the chant crowd now as the train pull away . we focus on a handsome young man , a little stiff maybe , a little intellectual . this be Valentin fedorovitch bulgakov . he can not contain he enthusiasm . over the noise of the train . Valentin do you know who that be ? that be the great man in the world . the train pull away into the distance . title over black : spring 1910 4 ext . yasnaya polyana . dawn . 4 the ancestral home of the tolstoy family in the first budd of spring . 3. muzhik ( peasant ) gather wood , carry water to the house . a cart arrive load down with mail bag . 5 int . yasnaya polyana . sofya' bedroom . day . 5 a handsome room , wall cover with generation of family photograph . Religious icon be give pride of place , a testament , not to piety , but to a ingrain social conservatism , a certain position in the world . countess sofya mumble she morning prayer before a make shift altar . wiping away tear , she leave the room . 5a int . yasnaya polyana . entry / stair . day . 5 a sofya walk down the stair and through the entry pass a old servant asleep in a chair . she continue to the basement . 6 int . yasnaya polyana . tolstoy' bedroom / study . day . 6 tolstoy have move himself out of the refine upper floor into a simple vault room he use as both bedroom and study . the wall be bare except for a portrait of he daughter . the furniture be simple , some of it hand make : a small bed against the wall , a little write desk in one corner stack with book , litter with papers , more mail , open and unopen . pair of rude homemade shoe line a work bench . tolstoy sleep in he bed . though it 's late March and still cold , the window be open . sofya close it . she stand very still , watch tolstoy sleep . sitting on the bed , she gently touch he hand , whisper . sofya darling . she lie next to he , something girlish , hopeful in she face , as if wait for he to wake up and adore she , but he sleep on . she carefully take he arm , position it under she neck , and roll toward he , wrap it around she . the image of love 's intimacy , of wedd bliss . his hand slip off she shoulder , once , twice . she move awkwardly to replace it . he move a little toward she . she kiss he neck , he cheek . we do not know if he 's awake , but even this shadow of intimacy penetrate she soul . 7 omitted 7 4. 8 int . moscow . study . day . 8 a handsome study in the Moscow townhouse of vladimir grigorevich chertkov , tolstoy 's most articulate and dedicated disciple . he 's interview tolstoy 's newly appoint secretary , Valentin bulgakov , the young man we meet near the train , who , at the mention of sex , blushes a little . chertkov but sex ... you be twenty three . not a easy age for abstinence , be it ? Valentin tolstoy do not approve of sexual relation . I know this . chertkov he despise they , in fact ... chertkov reach for a small tin of moustache wax . chertkov I do not want to belabor the point , but I arrange for a manservant last year who proceed to ruin two housemaid just like that . he be very upset . Valentin this would not be a problem . I be celibate . I be also a strict vegetarian . chertkov nod he approval , begin to worry he moustache . chertkov yes , I have hear many good thing about you . I have even read what you `ve write . so have he . Valentin 's face flush with pride . chertkov steal a glance at he reflection in the glass bookcase . one side of he moustache droops a little . he tug awkwardly at it . chertkov my dear boy , if you be to become tolstoy 's private secretary , you would be give a great gift . you will be with he every day , eat together , walk in the forest by he side . it 's difficult to contain himself . 5 . Valentin believe I , since become a tolstoyan , I have become so eager to learn , so comitted to discuss idea , improve my very soul . chertkov ( smile ) well , we have a lot to do if we be to get he work to the people . Valentin we ? they both laugh . chertkov yes , we . if we can encourage the spread of passive resistance ... just think of it Valentin thousand of ordinary Russians casting off century of spiritual and political oppression - Valentin in the name of truth and freedom . chertkov Truth and freedom , yes but still , my boy , there be so many enemy - Valentin enemy ? chertkov walk to the window , signal Valentin to follow he . he point to two men in plainclothes stand in the street below . chertkov the czar 's police ... you will be follow when you leave here ... and the church will stop at nothing to bring he back into the fold . his child can not be trust ... only sasha ... and then of course there be the countess ... ( beat ) well , one do not like to come between marry people whatever the circumstance , but she dogge attachment to private property , she public criticism of we movement ... ( more ) 6 . chertkov ( cont would ) ( beat ) the point be , he need a man of you intellectual gift around he . someone who can help he with the new work . someone who understand he goal . chertkov return to the desk . chertkov and although they have allow I to return to Russia , I can not see he . they keep I under house arrest ... they might as well keep I in a cage . clearly upset , chertkov pause to get control of himself . he pick up a package , hand it to Valentin . chertkov so , I need you to put this letter directly into he hand . one can not be sure what get through to he . Valentin look at he , quizzical . chertkov sofya andreyevna do not respect he privacy . Valentin she would not open he private correspondence ... chertkov raise a eyebrow . a ominous silence . chertkov I have another task for you , my dear . Valentin please . chertkov you will keep a diary for I . he hand Valentin a notebook . chertkov I need to know everything that go on at yasnaya polyana . let I know who visit the house , any talk of the copyright to he work , any contact with the church , what letter come and go . ( beat ) anything sofya andreyevna say . 7. Valentin anything ? chertkov she 's very , very dangerous . 9 ext . moscow . doorway / STREET . evening . 9 chertkov kiss Valentin delicately on both cheek and usher he into the die light . chertkov godspeed , my boy . Valentin make he way to the droshky that await he . chertkov and remember what I say . he turn back to the dark figure in the doorway . chertkov write everything down ! go ! 10 ext . yasnaya polyana . ground . morning . 10 sofya . Black and white film of she be hand the newspaper at the step . she look up at the camera , irritate by its presence . cutting out to color we see a cinematographer on the lawn cranking away at he camera . she go into the house . 11 int . yasnaya polyana . tolstoy' bedroom / study . morning . 11 where tolstoy , awake and dress , sit on he bed , pen in hand , write in he diary . dushan sit next to he , take he pulse . tolstoy nothing 's work ... Hand I my other boot , my friend , will you ? dushan let I finish . tolstoy it do not matter . if my heart have stop beat , I would still go riding today . dushan you pulse be my responsibility ... ( more ) 8. dushan ( cont would ) and if you must ride , I insist you wear a coat . even the sun be cold today . he put tolstoy 's arm down and hand he he riding boot . sofya come ranting into the room carry several Russian and international daily . sofya this be impossible ! it really be ! this people be parasite ! look ... ( read ) " countess tolstoy have become estrange from she husband . they barely speak . " she throw the paper on the floor . sofya you know who spread all this rubbish .... she open another paper , a french daily . sofya c'est la meme en France . they gossip about we in Paris ... " they do not share a similar view of either religion or politics . " incroyable ! tolstoy ( smile ) peut-etre . you think that 's inaccurate ? sofya I think it 's none of the world 's business . she look at dushan who be transcribe every word into he diary . he do it with all the master 's conversation . sofya what be you do ? do not do that . tolstoy ( smile ) dushan petrovich , you be scribbling again ? tolstoy move with energy and purpose toward the door . sofya darling , where be you go ? 9. tolstoy Riding with sasha . do not expect we for lunch . something strike he . he walk to he desk , pick up he pen and quickly write a sentence on a scrap of paper . sofya leovochka , why do you insist on dress like that . tolstoy what do you mean ? sofya like the man who look after the sheep . tolstoy it 's not mean to offend you . sofya but it do offend I , because it offend reason . you be a Count , for God 's sake . he put he pen down , go to she , kiss she gently on the forehead and leave the room . sofya oh darling , I have something else to say . tolstoy ( o.s. ) I doubt it not , my dear . dushan he 's forget he coat . he run after he , trip over the long fur garment . dushan ( o.s. ) Count tolstoy , you have forget you coat . meanwhile sofya notice a photographic portrait of chertkov on the wall . she take it down and toss it in the corner . 12 ext . yasnaya polyana . ground . day . 12 as tolstoy appear on the porch , we hear the whir of camera . a crowd of photographer , film cameramen , journalist , and disciple try to catch a glimpse of the master . dushan step in front of he . 10 . dushan let he walk . let he walk . journalist Count tolstoy , you be no doubt distress by the czar 's treatment of you secretary nikolai gusev ? tolstoy this people be bandit . dushan I say , let he walk . tolstoy they come into my house and arrest a man whose only crime be to express a view of life saner than that which prevail . journalist so gusev be innocent ? tolstoy ( nod ) of course , I be the guilty one . I reject the Orthodox church . I condemn the establish order and I make no secret of it . a young peasant shout from the crowd . peasant God bless you , tolstoy . thank you . dushan let he walk . let he walk . ( to tolstoy ) but you do not banish this people very much to you credit ... I wish I have you largeness of spirit . a photographer 's flash go off . a old muzhik touch tolstoy 's sleeve , as if expect a miracle . sasha , she father 's soulmate , lead two horse toward they , she mount and she father 's black geld , delire . sasha papa . tolstoy sasha ! 11 . sasha do you ride this morning ? a small crowd collect to watch father and daughter embrace , kiss . a wide shot of the rider - cut around we be 13 int . yasnaya polyana . entry / stair . continuous . 13 sofya watch she husband and daughter ride away . 14 ext . river valley . day 14 a steam train snake through a broad valley . 15 int . train carriage . day . 15 Valentin in he buttone up suit look a little out of place in the overcrowded third class carriage . he write in the diary give he by chertkov . he glance up to see , on the bench across , a young mother take out she breast to nurse she baby . he blushes , do not know where to look . a old peasant catch he eye , wink at he , laugh . 16 ext . telyatinki . dusk . 16 Seven mile from tolstoy 's estate , this be telyatinki , a communal center create by chertkov dedicated to the study and practice of tolstoyism . sergeyenko telyatinki be create by Vladimir grigorevich as a center for the movement . just last week we have a visitor from India . we talk to the group about the heal property of cobra venum . Valentin oh , goodness .. it 's a beautiful day . sergeyenko yes , but we will pay for it . sergeyenko , chertkov 's joyless secretary , and Valentin stand on a second storey porch look out across the central lawn where a number of young tolstoyan tend the garden , work to put up a chicken coop . 12. sergeyenko the meeting room be behind we . this be the tool shed . the dormitory ahead . he point out a larger building across the way . 17 int . telyatinki . sleeping area . night . 17 they enter the building . sergeyenko telyatinki be a place of freedom . nothing be forbidden here . except everything . sergeyenko each man be alone with he conscience and he god. ( beat ) the kitchen be below . you will be expect to assist with meal at least twice a week ... and to give a hand in the garden . we be all equal here , you know ... as tolstoy teach we . they start up the stair . int . sleeping porch . telyatinki . day sergeyenko you be expect at yasnaya polyana in the morning , first thing . Valentin I look forward to it . sergeyenko yes ... you be lucky .... we be all envious . 13. 18 int . telyatinki . valentin' room : night 18 small , sparse , perfect for the novice ascetic . Valentin nod he approval . sergeyenko Vladimir grigorevich be anxious that you begin you report as soon as possible . you have the notebook he give you ? Valentin of course . sergeyenko you understand we must keep the existence of the diary a secret . Valentin smile . sergeyenko what be it ? Valentin just that ... secrecy do not seem to I the essence of tolstoy 's think . sergeyenko but you will admit , you be no expert . Valentin yes , I ... I will see you in the morning . sergeyenko if we be spare . sergeyenko leave Valentin to he bare , little room . 19 ext . telyatinki compound . morning . 19 the sun rise . already , disciple be at work the garden . 20 int . telyatinki . valentin' room . morning . 20 Valentin sleep in he tiny room . a knock on the door . Valentin come in . a lovely girl at he door . she 's tall , twenty , high cheek bone , short blonde hair . this be masha . 14 . masha I have bring you a glass of tea . Valentin that 's very kind of you . masha it 's you first day . enjoy it . she sit on the bed . he 's a little take aback , not use to this degree of familiarity . it make no impression on masha . masha you meet sergeyenko ? Valentin last night . masha ad what do you think ? Valentin he seem very sincere . masha hand he he tea . Valentin thank you . why be you laugh ? masha say that again . Valentin I say he seem very ... why ? masha be that what you think ? Valentin I just arrive ... what 's you name ? masha masha . but you should still say what you think . not just about he . we all should . Valentin thank you for the tea . they eye meet , hold . Valentin 's discomfort increase . masha tomorrow you can make you own . she walk to the door , turn to see he still watch she . 15 . masha he 's a sorry old tight - ass stick in the mud ... but yes , he 's sincere . 21 ext . road to yasnaya polyana . day . 21 a modest horse draw cart . Valentin sit beside the driver , contemplate the birch tree that line the road , the long shadow they cast . above , crow make lazy circle in the sky . 22 omitted 22 23 int . yasnaya polyana . entry way / stair . day . 23 Valentin stand in the entry way , wait . he look lose . Valentin hello ...hello ... voice ( o.s. ) you be the new secretary . he look up to see sasha examine he from the landing above . sasha papa 's out . you can wait in the library . Ivan will show you up . she disappear . he hear a door close . he notice a surly house servant , ivan , who , inexplicably , lead a goat through the house . he point upstairs and walk away . 24 int . yasnaya polyana . library . day . 24 alone now among tolstoy 's book , Valentin make he way slowly to a write table , the holy of holy , on which War and peace and Anna karenina be write . he run he hand along the old wood top . emboldene by a backward glance , he sit in tolstoy 's chair . before he be stack of letter , pen and pencil , a pot of India ink . there 's a notebook lie open . he lean forward to read it . a noise in the hall stop he . tolstoy enter from the dining room , red cheek , beard drip wet , the energy of a man ten year young than he be . Valentin stand . tolstoy I be glad you be here . so glad . 16 . he tromp across the room , kiss the boy enthusiastically on both cheek . Valentin be overcome by the great man 's warmth . Valentin I be ... I be ... here be - Valentin interrupt himself with a sneeze . tolstoy God bless you . Valentin I be sorry . sometimes I ... Valentin pull out a letter of introduction . tolstoy take it out and put it down without a glance . tolstoy Vladimir grigorevich have already write about you at length . I need you help badly . the manifesto against the government be hard work . they commit they idiotic abuse faster than I can catalogue they ... and the new book ... Valentin he tell I about it ... it 's very exciting . tolstoy nod . tolstoy I have become convinced that all the world 's religion have a single organize principle . can you guess what it be ? Love ! Love ! simple ... now , I want to talk about you . how be you ? how be you journey ? come , sit down . tolstoy sit on the old sofa . Valentin follow suit . tolstoy you know , I be bear on this sofa ... Valentin get right back up . tolstoy laugh , pat the sofa . tolstoy sit. sit. Valentin sit down . 17 . tolstoy myself , my brother , my child , at least five or six of they , right here . ( beat ) now , I have read you essay . how`s you work progress ? Valentin look into the great man 's kind old face . he try to speak but he 's overcome with emotion and begin to weep . tolstoy my boy , what be it ? ( beat ) I upset you in some way . be it the sofa ? it 's only a sofa . Valentin shake he head , smile through he tear . Valentin I be very happy . you be very kind . I be no one and you be ... you be Leo tolstoy and you ask I about my work . tolstoy take Valentin 's hand , sit he back on sofa . tolstoy you rest for a moment and I will fetch you a glass of tea . Rest , because there 's work for both of we together . he smile and go , leave Valentin to contemplate he fortune . 25 omitted 25 26 omitted 26 27 omitted 27 28 ext . yasnaya polyana . ground . day . 28 sofya , sasha , Valentin , andrey , tolstoy 's son , and tolstoy all cluster around a table take tea . dushan stand near the group fiddling with a gramophone that sit on a small table . sofya this people have nothing . 18. dushan it really be the most extraordinary thing . absolutely ignore he . sofya it 's not for lack of land that the muzhik live in poverty . they have no will power and they drink too much . tolstoy I be not suggest they be give land . private property be the root of the problem ... we should be give ours away . andrey give it to whom ? sofya it 's all ridiculous . you think that poverty make the peasant somehow morally superior . tolstoy I believe that wealth corrupt we all , yes I do . a pause . Valentin fill the silence . Valentin it 's a keystone of the movement . sofya oh , I know all about the movement . a pause . Valentin notice that people from the front lawn have move up to watch all this . life in the fishbowl , the tolstoy seem neither to notice nor care . tolstoy if the peasant have money , they would not surround themselves , as we do , with footmen cost ten ruble a month . sofya no , they would spend it on drink and whore . tolstoy Valentin fedorovich , do you think fifty year from now , people will eat while grow man walk around and wait on they hand and foot ? 19 . Valentin do not know what to say . a giggle from dushan . dushan oh , that 's good ... that 's good . dushan , have sit at table , try surreptitiously to get down tolstoy 's word in the diary he hold below the table . sofya flush with anger . Valentin I think ... ( sneeze ) sofya stop scribbling ! ( point to she husband ) you all think he 's Christ , do not you ? he think he 's Christ . there be a awkward pause . dushan ( flustered ) I be not ... I do not believe Leo nikolayevich be Christ . Christ be Christ but ... sofya but what ? dushan I believe he 's one of the prophet . God speak through he . I recognize the cadence in he voice . sofya this be unbearable . no wonder I feel lonely . I be surround by morron . sasha mama , you be be ridiculous . sofya be I ? I sit here and listen to this talk of love and God and equality , know full well that Count generosity here be fully prepare to give away everything we have . tolstoy ( exhaust ) you keep go on like that ... why do you think we should profit from the work I ´m do which be only mean for the sake of the people . 20 . she turn to see dushan scribbling again . sofya stop it ! stop writing now ! Valentin glance at sasha , uncomfortable at this outburst . a long pause . dushan try to relieve the tension . dushan in defense of my gift , let I demonstrate . it 's quite remarkable , really . he get up , place a record on the gramophone , needle on the record . what come forth be not music , but tolstoy 's voice . it be a recording of a recent speech against capital punishment . his voice boom , tinny and distort . dushan walk to the machine , stare at it in awe . Valentin be completely catch up in the technology . Valentin it 's you voice . it 's wonderful . they all listen for a moment , look to tolstoy for a response . tolstoy it 's tiresome . another remarkable invention will supercede it . Valentin blushes and look at the table . dushan try to hide he disappointment . tolstoy please excuse I . tolstoy rise , leave the table , walk out onto the lawn . dushan get up quickly , bump the table as he go . tea spill . Valentin move to wipe it up , sneeze , a barrage of irritable blessing . dushan Leo nikolayevich be something of a luddite , I fear . sofya cross to the machine , remove the record from the gramophone , replace it with another dushan have bring . suddenly , the air be fill with the final duet from mozart 's Il nozze di figaro . she return to she place . there be a long moment where all take in the sublimity of it . tolstoy walk slowly back to the table . he stand completely still . tear fill he eye and roll down he cheek . 21 . tolstoy oh , that 's better . that 's nice . very nice indeed . sofya cross to she husband , wipe the tear off he face . Valentin watch as they embrace . Valentin ( o.s. ) do you parent often speak to each other so ... bluntly ? 29 int . yasnaya polyana . library . evening . 29 across from tolstoy 's write desk be sasha 's world , a makeshift office line with more bookcase where she do she work , send cable , editing manuscript , answer endless stack of mail . Valentin sit near she , learn the rope . sasha my mother do not understand my father 's goal , not since he work as a novelist become secondary . his commitment to the spiritual life offend she . they have fight about it for year . Valentin I be sure she mean well . sasha just look at he . Valentin you father be the great writer in the world . sasha quite . a pause . Valentin I mean to say , I feel privileged to be here . it 's a ... honor . Valentin feel himself slip further into mundanity . sasha go back to she letter . Valentin sneeze . sasha God bless you . they read together for a moment . he sneeze again . sasha ( irritate ) God bless you . 22. Valentin I be sorry . sometimes I sneeze when I be nervous . she regards he like a animal in the zoo . Ivan appear at the door . sasha what be it ? ivan it 's a note , for he . he nod toward Valentin . sasha well , give it to he then . Valentin read the note . Valentin it 's from you mother . she want to see I . as Valentin go , sasha she be look for ally . pay attention . this be war . 30 int . yasnaya polyana . sitting room . night . 30 sofya be settle on a divan in a small room off the dining room . Valentin sit beside she hold a glass of tea . sofya I see a fine young man before I . clear eye . Nice feature , rather handsome in a peculiar way . Valentin thank you , countess ... sofya call I sofya andreyevna . we do not stand on formality here , as you may have observe . ( beat ) many young man ruin they look by loose live . you be a real tolstoyan , I can tell ! Valentin I admire you husband immensely . sofya that 's excellent . he like that . 23. Valentin his idea be beautiful ... social justice ... the idea ... do not you think ? sofya drain she tea cup , signal for more . sofya he 's very grateful for the help you have be give he . he tell I so himself . I think it surprise he that a young man would be so diligent . when he be you age , he be whore in the caucasus . Valentin 's eye be wide . she nod . sofya he write it all down . he even give I a copy , so I could read all the detail ... Valentin thank you . sofya you have read War and peace ? Valentin many time ... twice . sofya smile at he honesty . sofya when he be write it , long before chertkov create that monstrosity at telyatinki , before all this " new religion " and revolutionary nonsense ... ( beat ) what do you think of chertkov , by the way ? Valentin he 's give I a extraordinary opportunity . sofya but you see what a fool he be , a self - serve puritanical idiot . I have to say , it 's be extremely pleasant since they have lock he in he house . sofya smile . Valentin be nonpluss by she directness . 24 . sofya when my husband be write it , in the mid-sixty , he would bring I page to re-copy everyday . I be the only one who could read he handwrite . I could read he intention , too . afternoon , we would drink tea and discuss change . " natasha would not say that to Prince andrey , " or " Pierre 's too simple here . he 's not stupid . " she smile at the memory . sofya but I do not count anymore . silence . she sip she tea . she glance out the door to see sasha hover nearby . listen ? sasha walk away . sofya you must help I , Valentin fedorovich . I want only what be best for my husband and my family . I could tolerate the situation if it only concerned I what I can not do be sit back while they steal my child 's inheritance . do you know I be the only person . I could understand he intention . Valentin I do not believe anyone want to do that . sofya give he a condescending smile . she produce a package from the table beside she , hand it to he . sofya I have a little gift for you he open it , extract a small leather bound book . he stare at it . sofya it 's a diary . ( beat ) everyone should always keep a diary . Valentin it 's a very popular activity around you husband . sofya you be teasing I , but I trust you will write the truth . 25 . Valentin that may not be so easy . sofya nonsense . you have be listen to you friend at telyatinki ... ( beat ) write what you see . that 's always the place to begin . ( slowly ) what . you . see . Valentin finger the package , stifles a sneeze . sofya more tea ? 31 ext . telyatinki compound . day 31 Valentin ride into the compound . a number of the disciple be outside work . there be the ringing of metal on wood . he look for the source . as the way clear a little , he see masha chopping away with a axe . he stop he horse to watch she . masha you be finish for the day ? Valentin he do not need I this afternoon . he get down off he horse . masha continue to chop . he pick up a axe , hold it awkwardly . Valentin Leo nikolayevich disapprove of woman do physical labor . ( beat ) do not you find that reactionary ? masha no , I find it sweet . I find you reactionary . she laugh . Valentin pick up a log , set it on end and begin to chop . he do not do it well . masha smile at he struggle . masha he admire you , I believe . what 's she say ? masha sergeyenko tell I . he 's miserable about it . 26 . Valentin tolstoy 's kind to everyone . the log be stick to the blade of he axe . he 's really struggle now . masha what do you talk about when you be with he ? ( beat ) why be you blush ? Valentin we talk about I . masha really . Valentin he want to know everything about I , my parent , my relation with woman , my experience of god - he look up to see masha smile at he . masha and what relation be this ? Valentin blushes , go back to try to chopping . almost immediately the log become stick to the blade of the axe . he bang it , bang it try to free it . he glance up to see she still look at he . he pound again and again . she stop , reach for he axe , touch he as she do . she lift the big axe , log and all , above she head , bring it down hard . the log split . she hand the axe to he . masha I have a lover before I come here ... headmaster of a school where I teach . he be marry - happily marry . it be difficult . we could make love only at school . this be somehow more than Valentin have bargain for . Valentin at school ? masha in the gymnasium , after the girl have go . there be straw mat on the floor . Valentin I see ... 27 . he look away to hide he confusion . masha have I upset you ? he look at she . Valentin no ... I appreciate you frankness masha but you disapprove of I . I see it in you eye . Valentin I do not . not at all ... I think sexual activity ... how man and woman combine they physical part be completely neutral . masha listen to you . you be a prig . just like sergeyenko . why else would they have hire you ? Valentin that 's not fair masha I do not care if it 's fair . it 's true ... neutral ...my God ... Valentin I be go . he put down the axe . masha do as you like . she go back to chopping . we track in front of he as he walk toward the house . the chopping stop . masha Valentin fedorovich . he stop , relieved and turn to face she . masha you forget you horse . Valentin yes . you know , I think that I ... never mind . he hesitates for a moment , then start toward she . her back be to he . she begin to chop again . the color rise in he face as he try to salvage a little dignity . 28 . he grab the rein and start again toward the building , trip in a ditch , almost fall flat . Red face , he rights himself . the chopping behind he remain constant . sergeyenko watch he from the porch . 32 int . yasnaya polyana . library . day 32 close on the cable machine . a message come through . 32a int . yasnaya polyana . entry way / stair . day . 32a sofya walk into the house with another stack of mail . sasha come pile down the stair . sasha where 's papa ? without wait for the answer , sasha race past she and out the door 33 omitted 33 34 ext . yasnaya polyana . zasyeka wood . day 34 Valentin and tolstoy walk together in the wood . . tolstoy I could not write . I be distract I think ... I have a dream last night , about a tartar girl I know in the war . Valentin a girl who die ? tolstoy no , no ... a girl I have sexual intercourse with ... sometimes we do it twice a day . Valentin sneeze . tolstoy God bless ... I have never forget we time together , the position of we body , the taste of she ... Valentin you should not torture yourself . it be a long time ago . tolstoy laugh out loud . 29 . tolstoy torture ? you be a virgin , be not you . Valentin I try to ... you know , to ... tolstoy to be what , a good tolstoyan ? tolstoy smile . tolstoy you see , I myself be not a very good tolstoyan . you should think twice about ask my advice about anything ... torture ... ( he laugh ) Valentin be you alright ? tolstoy kalya , she name be ... she 's a old woman now , white hair , old body like I . she would hardly remember my name , I suspect . she may even be dead . ( beat ) do you think that mean something ? Valentin what do you mean ? tolstoy I mean that little romance . be there some meaning to it ? Valentin it 's interesting . I think you would say .. I mean , I ´ve read where you say that the physical body be n´t real . that it 's all a illusion . tolstoy I say lot of thing . what do you say ? what do you think ? Valentin I ... I do n´t know . Leo nikoleyevich smile . tolstoy I do n´t know , either . he inhale deeply . 30 . tolstoy smell that ... Valentin lilac ? he look up as he hear sasha off screen . " papa. papa . " tolstoy precisely . it 's lilac . the smell 's stronger when the sun go down . he press Valentin 's hand . sasha papa ! tolstoy I have enjoy myself , my boy . ( shouting for sasha ) we're here . as he start in the direction of she voice . sasha appear in the clear , telegram in hand . sasha he 's free . he 's free ... he 's come back smash cut to 35 ext . railway . countryside . day 35 a train roar past camera , shaking the world . 36 omitted 36 37 ext . yasnaya polyana . ground . day 37 chertkov climb down from he droshky . suddenly , tolstoy be there . Valentin watch they embrace . tolstoy my dear , dear man . tear run down he old cheek . they embrace again . sofya ( o.s. ) he will try again to convince you father to change he will . 31 . 38 int . yasnaya polyana . entry / stair . day . 38 andrey and sofya stand together at the window , watch the joyful reunion . sofya to give the copyright as " a gift to humanity . " ... the reptile . andrey papa 's not in he right mind . he can not defend himself against this thief . ( beat ) my tooth be kill I . sofya you be a fine son , darling . none of this make believe chastity and make up religion . I wish all my child have turn out like you . andrey 's finger in he mouth , massage the offend molar . andrey a mar n'th responthibility ith to hith family . from she Pov , we see the two man walk away together arm in arm , talk animatedly . sofya chertkov 's notion of virtuous behavior be calculate to destroy I . andrey to dethtroy uth all . sofya there be nothing more pathetic than impoverish aristocrat . she walk out of the room . 39 ext . ground . yasnaya polyana . day . 39 and into the drive to greet chertkov . he move immediately to she , offer she he hand and a unctuous smile . sofya Vladimir grigorevich , what a surprise . chertkov sofya andreyevna , I be happy to see you . 32 . Valentin watch she match he smile for smile . * sofya and I be happy to make you happy ... always . 40 omitted 40 41 ext . road to telyatinki . day 41 Valentin and chertkov sit together in the droshky , a awkward silence . chertkov I be glad to have a moment alone with you , Valentin . how do you think you be get on ? Valentin ( a little nervous ) I hope my work be pleasing to Leo nikolayevich . chertkov yes . he seem satisfied and that 's good . the report I have receive from you however ... there seem to be some confusion . Valentin what do you mean ? chertkov you send I never end commentary on tolstoy 's write . that 's all very interesting but not very useful . I need to know what go on with sofya andreyevna . you must see by now she 's commit to undermine she husband 's best intention . Valentin it 's not quite so obvious to I . chertkov because she be duplicitous . you be very bright . too bright to let she into you . chertkov fix the boy with he intense gaze . chertkov you value we work ? 33. Valentin I do . chertkov the ideal we share ? Valentin that 's why I be here . chertkov good , of course it be . ( beat ) do you think the countess suspect something ? Valentin well , I think the countess be very suspicios by nature . chertkov how so ? Valentin I do n´t think she like you very much . chertkov what do she say ? Valentin it 's a tone I ´ve pick up . chertkov we simply want to distribute tolstoy 's work to the widest audience possible . she just have no understanding what it be we be try to do . there 's nothing in it for any of we but a real chance to increase the world 's happiness . he take Valentin 's hand . chertkov I can only be of limited help to the master if I do not know what 's go on . any effort she make to shore up control of the copyright , I must know . the survival of we movement depend on it . remember who you friend be . what you have come here to do . chertkov turn away to watch the countryside . Valentin stare straight ahead , he nose twitches slightly . 42 omitted 42 34 . 43 omitted 43 44 omitted 44 45 omitted 45 46 omitted 46 47 int . telyatinki . valentin' room . night . 47 Valentin , in bed , write in he diary . close he eye , he begin to drift off when there be a noise outside he door . Valentin hello ... hello ? after a moment , it open a crack . Valentin masha ? she be there . she put two finger to she lip and walk toward he . she carry a candle which reveal she short hair , she lovely eye . Valentin masha . she say nothing , simply crawl into bed , position she knee on either side of he . she lean forward and kiss he . Valentin masha . masha ssshh . she begin to move against he . they face touch . she do not kiss he , but he can feel she breath . she sit up . masha move the book . valenitn what ? masha you book . it 's true . Valentin still clutches the diary to he chest . he put it aside . masha , then , pull she nightdress over head , expose she small breast , she flat stomach . 35 . she reach under the sheet , curl she finger around he . he flinch at the pleasure of it . masha be it alright ? he can not speak . only nod . he bite he lip as she slip he into she and begin to rock . the pleasure be too much , and he come too quickly . she fall forward on he , begin to laugh . Valentin what ... what be it ? masha you really be a virgin . Valentin tense a little . masha I be play . it 's fine . it 's wonderful ... ( beat ) hold I . he do , as if he will never release she . 48 ext . telyatinki compound . morning . 48 activity in the compound . chair on the lawn , a banner be erect , a long table be set . prepations be make . 49 int . telyatinki . valentin' room . morning . 49 Light spill into Valentin 's room . he lie with he arm around naked masha . Valentin wake up , wake up . masha I be awake . Valentin I want to ask you something .. say it again . masha it be wonderful . they both giggle . Valentin why do you come to a place like this ? 36 . masha what do you mean ? Valentin you do n´t follow any of the rule . masha smile . masha you mean , why do someone who do not follow the rule come to a place like this ? masha .. it 's not about rule . not for tolstoy anyway ... a knock at the door startles they . sergeyenko ( o.s. ) Valentin fedorovich . Valentin be suddenly in a panic . Valentin what be it ? 49a int . telyatinki . corridor . day . 49 a sergeyenko hover outside the bedroom door . sergeyenko open the door . Valentin ( o.s. ) at the moment , I be indispose . sergeyenko yes , well ... Leo nikolayevich be here . he want 's to see you . 49b int . telyatinki . valentin' room . day . 49 B Valentin blanch . Valentin tell he ... I will be down at once . sergeyenko ( o.s. ) yes.. and tell Maria filipovna we could use another hand in the kitchen . they look at each other . 37 . Valentin if I see she I will ... sergeyenko ( o.s. ) if you see she ... yes . and if you be go to behave like rabbit , you should go live in the wood . Valentin be up , immediately . Valentin let I go out first ... give I five minute ... masha just look at he . 50 ext . telyatinki compound . day . 50 a tolstoyan photo op . a delegation of orphan have come to pay they respects to tolstoy . he sit in a chair beside chertkov beneath a large banner : " Leo tolstoy , friend of the people . " . behind he , the disciple lay out a vegetarian feast on a plank table . photographer and a cinematographer be strategically position to record the event . each child give tolstoy a flower . chertkov , in turn , hand each child a photograph of the Count give money to the poor . Valentin enter , flushed and blush . he pause beside dushan who record the scene in he diary , tear in he eye . dushan look at the love in he , like Jesus .. suffer the child ... all that ... tolstoy greet a little boy affectionately , rub he knuckle over the boy 's shave head . a little girl approach , take a photograph . he bend forward to kiss she head but she pull away . tolstoy a old man be a very ugly thing . tolstoy see Valentin , light up . tolstoy my dear boy . come and kiss I . Valentin , bett red , go to he . he be warmly embrace . 38 . tolstoy now , who be this ? Maria filipovna . masha come to stand beside he . she glance at Valentin but he will not make eye contact with she . tolstoy you be both look so well . life here at telyatinki obviously agree with you . Valentin sneeze mightily , move a little away . tolstoy God bless you , boy . what be you nervous about , now ? sit down . sit down . Valentin take the chair beside he . tolstoy dear masha , Valentin tell I you be the great treasure of telyatinki . he claim you be a very gift teacher . sergeyenko lift a eyebrow " indeed . " . Valentin be in agony . masha we be happy to have you with we . tolstoy notice a mosquito on Valentin 's cheek . he take the bug between he big finger , squeeze until it pop . chertkov watch in horror , whisper loudly . chertkov what be you do ? tolstoy what do you mean ? he motion to the photographer . chertkov you have kill a live thing . chertkov hear a laugh behind he . it be masha who have over hear the whole thing . chertkov do you have something to say ? masha it 's absurd . that 's all . chertkov be take aback . Valentin stare at she . 39 . Valentin what be you say ? masha I be sorry but - it 's a mosquito . tolstoy forgive he . he can not help it . he 's a better tolstoyan than I be . she can not help laugh again . Valentin see the color rise in chertkov 's face . chertkov it 's not the message we want to send . sasha suddenly appear . she hold a cable in she hand . sasha from my mother " nerves dreadful . stop. insomnia . stop. pulse 100 . stop . please come home . 51 int . telyatinki . chertkove study . day . 51 chertkov be there . tolstoy , Valentin and sasha . sasha do not give in to she , papa . it will never end ... I swear to God , that woman have a instinct for know when you be just about to enjoy yourself a knock on the door . Valentin open it . it 's dushan with another cable . tolstoy gesture for he to read it aloud . dushan from sofya andreyevna . " I beg you . stop. unwell . stop. hurry back . " sasha who teach she to use that damned machine ? Valentin start to sneeze , stifles it , start again , stifles , start , explode . guilty . chertkov perhaps sasha 's right . encourage this may not be the best thing . 40 . sasha it 's a trick , papa . she will drain you . you will be miserable . tolstoy look from one to the other , get up from he chair . sasha then , let I go with you . tolstoy no , my dear , I will go alone . 52 omitted 52 53 int . yasnaya polyana . sofya' bedroom . night . 53 Close on sofya lie in bed . she look ravish in the candle light . in the background , tolstoy arrive in the bedroom door . tolstoy sofya . a sly smile on she lip , the tension go from she face , she seem twenty year young . tolstoy sofya , be you ill ? she roll toward he make it clear she 's quite naked under the sheet . this be no sick bed . sofya I be fine ... now that you be home . tolstoy it 's no good , you know , all this . you frighten everyone . sofya do I really ? I do not believe it . not you . I be you little bird . you know the sound I make . tolstoy that be some sort of love call ? sofya it bring you back to I . she reach out she hand to he . 41 . sofya come out of the dark ... where I can see you . he take a step toward she , then stop . tolstoy why ? why ? why , do you do it ? we live in the country and you insist on make it a opera house . what 's wrong with a little peace now and then ? sofya laugh . sofya look at I . this be who I be . this be what you marry . we be older , maybe we be old , but I be still you little chicken ( beat ) you be still my big cock . she smile at he . sofya let I make you crow . a pause , then a huge laugh come up from the very center of he . he twist he neck , thrust he head upward , crow like a rooster . he virtually run to she , embrace she , kiss she . she be a giddy girl in he arm . he break the embrace and begin strutting around the room . sofya let I make you sing . he take she in he arm , again , begin to kiss she neck . sofya do you love I ? tolstoy I do . sofia I want you to love I . he stop kissing she , look she in the eye . then , another loud crow . laugh , they fall into each other again . 53a ext . yasnaya polyana . ground . night . 53 a and we hear they laughter over the dark old house . 42 . 54 ext . telyatinki . porch . night . 54 Valentin sit by himself on the porch , write in he diary . down below , some of the disciple listen to peasant play music around a bonfire . a voice from the darkness . masha I be not suppose to do this either . he locate the speaker by the glow of she light cigarette . Valentin masha . you be not suppose to smoke at telyatinki . masha you would not look at I . Valentin it be difficult in front of the other . masha but it be not difficult in you bed ... when it be only you and I in front of God . Valentin I be not sure I be conscious of God . masha emerge from the shadow , but keep she distance . masha so , I make you forget God ? Valentin no ... masha yes , only for a moment . you forget you rule and remember love . Valentin you make it sound very simple . masha it be simple . what we do be what man and woman do , have do , will continue do . what could be more simple ? we touch each other -- stay close together . something pass between we . something real . that be a betrayal of what ? of nothing . ( more ) 43. masha ( cont would ) but you be afraid ... all you idea . what be you afraid of ? Valentin I be afraid I have hurt you , haven´t I ? masha no . I feel a little sad , but it be not for I . it 's for you . she disappear into the house . Valentin look after she . 55 int . yasnaya polyana . sofya' bedroom . morning . 55 the countess wake to find she bed empty . 56 ext . yasnaya polyana . back terrace . day . 56 she come through the dining room to find tolstoy on the back terrace . wrapped in a blanket , he write in he diary , a cup of tea in front of he . sofya good morning , my darling ? do you mind if I join you ? without look up tolstoy of course , my dear . he continue to write . she watch he for a long moment . she open she diary and begin to write as well . sofya it 's quite insane , my darling . everyone be make fun of you . he look up . tolstoy what be you talk about ? she continue to write . sofya even the muzhik . I hear they laugh in the barn . tolstoy about what ? sofya look at he knowingly . 44 . tolstoy laugh about what ? sofya I do not want to ruin last night . she sip she tea , go back to she write . a pause . he follow suit . after a moment ... sofya laugh about the fact that you have develop a senile crush on a fat middle age flatterer . you passion for chertkov have become a stand joke . tolstoy I have a great affection for Vladimir grigorivich . let they laugh if they find it amusing . sofya but it 's not amusing , darling . it 's sick . it 's not normal . you hang on he every word . tolstoy we have a great deal in common . sofya you have nothing in common . you be a genius . he 's a sycophant and a pervert . tolstoy because he understand what I be try to do ? because he try to help I accomplish it ? sofya he be use you . you just can not seem to see it . tolstoy this be absolute nonsense . sofya that bold , obese , idiotic man . you treat he ... he turn to she ... he face red with anger and frustration . tolstoy it 's impossible for you not to distract I . let I alone ... for God 's sake . you be like a spoiled child . 45 . he rise , spit on the ground , go into the house . sofya follow . 57 int . yasnaya polyana . dine room . continuous . 57 catch he up . sofya do you love I , lyovochka ? tolstoy of course , I do . sofya then why would you betray I ? tolstoy why do you say that ? sofya because of the will ? 57a int . yasnaya polyana . entry way / stair / landing . day 57a tolstoy , take aback , say nothing . sofya the new will . tolstoy there 's no new will . she stare at he in silence . tolstoy there be no new will . sofya do chertkov have it ? tolstoy there 's no new will . he walk up the stair . she follow . sofya but that 's why he 's come back . you talk about it , you and you boyfriend . you plan for it . you have no heart for the people who really love you . you would rather be seduce by charlatan and delude by flatterer , all in the name of love .... you can not even love you own child . you can not even love I . 46 . sofya tell I where it be ? tolstoy there be no new will . 58 int . yasnaya polyana . library . continuous . 58 he go to he desk , try to ignore she . sofya then , promise I there never will be . a moment 's hesitation . tolstoy I ´ve tell you the truth . now , let I work . please , will you ? he walk to he desk . 59 omitted 59 60 int . yasnaya polyana . library . continuous . day . 60 tolstoy look up from he work . sofya stand in the doorway . sofya tomorrow , I will go to the Station and lie down on the track . tolstoy 's wife become Anna karenina herself ! see how the papers will like that ! as he go , we hear . tolstoy ( o.s. ) this be unbearable . you do not want a husband . you want a Greek chorus . sofya be take aback by he response . she walk out of the room . 61 ext . road to telyatinki . day 61 four peasant pull a water cart down a rough country road . we pan off to see sofya in she droshky , resplendent in a white dress . 47 . 62 int . telyatinki . chertkove study . day . 62 chertkov and sergeyenko look through a crack in the interior window . there Pov - the countess on the sofa drink a glass of tea . Valentin enter from the meeting room . Valentin she 's here to question you about the new will . chertkov nervous , tug at he moustache . chertkov how do she know it even exist ? Valentin she claim Leo nikolayevich tell she she could examine the draft . chertkov he be obviously not think clearly . and now we have to put up with she petty grasp . Valentin it do not seem petty to I . chertkov I beg you pardon ? Valentin he`s she life . the work , in she mind , be theirs ... together . chertkov and you be she advocate ? you have be take in by she celebrity . I worried about this . Valentin I be talk about they history -- - simply that . chertkov we should see she . Act as if nothing have happen . Valentin nothing have happen . 63 int . telyatinki . meeting room . day . 63 the man enter the meeting room . 48 . chertkov sofya andreyevna , at last , you honour we with you visit . Valentin watch she match he smile for smile . sofya and I be happy to make you happy ... always . she look at he curiously . chertkov what be it ? sofya you moustache be ... droop , one side of it anyway . chertkov ( nodd ) it 's a problem of the wax . sofya take they in . sofya let I get to the point . Vladimir grigorivich , I do not wish to be you enemy . I be delighted that my husband have a friend who understand and share he ideal . all I want be what 's reasonable - a opportunity to evaluate the new will . if you agree , I be sure we can be friend . chertkov you be very kind . sofya andreyevna . but I can not help you . not without specific instruction from you husband . sofya ( to bulgakov ) Leo nikolayevich have agree , have not he Val - chertkov no witness you produce will change my position . but I will certainly talk to Leo nikolayevich at the first opportunity . sofya be livid . 49 . sofya very well . chertkov I want we to be friend , too , sofya . Leo nikolayevich be the most valuable thing in the world , for both of we . we should endeavor to set thing right between we . give he peace . let he work . sofya yes. ( beat ) Valentin fedorovich ... be you come back to the house with I ? Valentin glance between they , search for middle ground . Valentin I will escort the countess home and be back in time for supper . sergeyenko sneer . sergeyenko masha will be overjoy . Valentin 's nose twitches . he look at the floor . sofya ( o.s. ) have you be keep something from I ? how delightful . 64 ext . road to telyatinki . day . 64 they be back in the droshky , the return trip to yasnaya polyana . Valentin do not respond . sofya we have become close friend , I think . tell I everything , dear boy . I love a romance . Valentin it 's nothing , really . sofya a young woman in you life be nothing ? Valentin masha be a friend . sofya a lover ? 50 . Valentin a good friend . sofya that sound serious enough . Valentin look away . sofya I do not mean to annoy you . Valentin I be not annoyed . sofya you forget that I be a experience reader . I can read you face , every letter . it 's beautifully clear . ( beat ) do you love she ? Valentin look at sofya , tear in he eye . Valentin maybe I do . sofya not something they would understand , this so call disciple of my husband . they have never understand a word he 's write . ( beat ) what do any of they know about love ? 65 ext . telyatinki compound . day . 65 masha carry two water bucket suspend from a pole across she shoulder . arrive at a stream , she take each bucket and fill it . it 's hot work . pause a moment , she kneel to splash water on she face . another p.o.v. - someone watch she from the tree . as masha wet a cloth , put it around she neck . suddenly someone grab she from behind . she scream , wrestle she way free . she turn to see Valentin , flushed , smile , excited . he step toward she , kick over one of the bucket . Valentin sorry , sorry , I will ... I do not mean to scare you ... be you alright . 51 . masha fine...fine ... why do you ...? Valentin I come back as soon as I could . it be a strange day . Leo nikolayevich , ... I love to listen to he . I love nothing more ... he move closer to she . Valentin but today I could hardly concentrate . he 's very close to she , now . Valentin all I could think of be you . masha shake she head , move away from he . begins to gather the pole , to refill the spill bucket . stop she , turn she to he . Valentin what 's wrong ? masha I think I have confuse you . I have confuse we both . Valentin no. no . you do n´t confuse I .. I be stupid . I be afraid , but I be not afraid anymore . Valentin want to fight through the awkwardness . he try to kiss she . she will not have it . she pull away . Valentin I love you , masha ! masha maybe you could help I a little . in silence , he get the fill bucket balanced on the pole . without another word , masha start toward the building . he do not know what to do . he 's lose she . he shout . Valentin masha ... she turn 52 . Valentin before the other night ... I would commit the act of copulation many time in my heart . he have she attention now , as well as that of a number of the disciple who look up from they work in the yard . masha yes ... Valentin I think about you all the time . in my heart I ´ve comitted the act of copulation many time . I just want to say ... it be never like it be with you . masha burst out laugh . masha I will wait for you , then . as Valentin go to catch she up , he see sergeyenko watch from outside the unfinish chicken coop . 66 omitted 66 67 int . yasnaya polyana . sofya' bedroom . morning . 67 sofya wake up . she look relaxed , then she sniff , sniff again . out of bed , she grab a dress gown . open she door , she spot Ivan in the hall . sofya Ivan , who 's wear that awful perfume ? Ivan a gesture indicate a elaborate moustache . she step into the hall in time to see tolstoy , chertkov , Valentin and sasha disappear into the library , duck back into she room to avoid be see 68 int . yasnaya polyana . hallway . day 68 sofya approach the door , listen . she can make out only a few word . " mama can not find out " , chertkov shushing she , whisper . we push in on sofya 's anxious face . 53. 69 int . yasnaya polyana . library . day . 69 chertkov , sasha , dushan , Valentin and tolstoy sit in a little clump by he desk . tolstoy he head in he hand , look at the floor . chertkov I hate to say it but the countess have become more and more dangerous . tolstoy not dangerous ... she 's concerned for the welfare of the family . chertkov ( to tolstoy ) and we be concerned for the welfare of mankind . ( to bulgakov ) take this down . Valentin record the conversation in he diary . tolstoy it 's a terrible thing you ask . I can n´t do it . 70 int . yasnaya polyana . sofya' bedroom . day . 70 sofya , still in she dress gown , climb out she bedroom window onto a narrow ledge that run along the second floor . 70a ext . yasnaya polyana . ground . day . 70 a sofya stand on the window ledge high above the ground . she begin to move toward the library balcony . 71 int . yasnaya polyana . library . day . 71 chertkov you have be more than reasonable . she already control the income from you property . sasha listen to he , papa . he have we best interest at heart . tolstoy look at Valentin , who look at the floor . chertkov we be speak only of the rights to you word , you idea . ( more ) 54 . chertkov ( cont would ) with all love and respect , the countess be too interested in make a profit from you work . 72 ext . yasnaya polyana . second story balcony . day . 72 sofya move along the narrow ledge as if it 's a perfectly normal activity .. look down , she see a couple of gawker watch she from the lawn . she shoos they away . 73 int . yasnaya polyana . library . day . 73 Valentin turn he head . do he hear something ? tolstoy she 's my wife . she 's part of I . we have be together now , so many year .... chertkov drive the point home . chertkov but you be more than a husband and father . she must understand that . the best interest of the people be one with you own . you belong to they . Valentin glance up ... and be shocked to see sofya looking in at the study window . she disappear . 74 ext . yasnaya polyana . second story balcony . day . 74 sofya have reach the french door . she can hear clearly now . tolstoy ( o.s. ) but she will not . she will never understand . her p.o.v. a crowd of gawker gather on the lawn below she . one man set up photographic equipment . she wave he away turn back to the window . 75 omitted 75 76 omitted 76 55 . 77 int . yasnaya polyana . library . day . 77 chertkov push he point . chertkov she 's unstable ... I wonder if she be not ill . dushan it 's sadly more than possible . sasha I know it 's hard for you , papa . but we must be realistic . we pan to the french door to see sofya furious face as she listen to the betrayal . chertkov ( o.s. ) do you really think she 's fit to control the final disposition of the will ? we pan back to the conspirator . before tolstoy can respond , sofya charge into the room . as she do , she step on the hem of she long dress gown and end up sprawle on the floor . the conspirator just stare at she . sofya how dare you ? sasha what be you do ? sofya you be all plotting against I . in my own house , too . I bear you thirteen child . how can you betray I like this ? ( beat ) someone help I up . no one move . tolstoy slump in he chair . sofya give everything you have get to he , you fat little catamite . " what will it be , my dearest dear , my Vladimir grigorivich ? my wife 's heart on a platter ? her kidney ? with salt ? but of course , my dear chertkov , whatever please you . the china . the estate . permanent copyright on everything I have ever write ? anything for you , my love . " 56 . her eye fall on dushan , who very unfortunately , have choose to take this down in he diary . sofya give I that . give it to I , you little weasel . she grab the offend volume . the struggle begin . dushan please , countess sofya - sasha mama , please ... she rip the book away and after brandish it above she head , throw it through the open door with a guttural , rumbling growl . she turn on she tormentor . sofya now ... tolstoy ( mumble ) can I not ... can I not have ... his face be red , he body rigid with anger . sasha you will kill he , mama . that 's what you want , be not it ? you want he to die ! " she help he up , take he to he bedroom . Valentin follow . she look at chertkov . sofya you ! do not think you deceive I for one little moment ! I know exactly what you be do . I want to see the will . it 's my right , in the name of god . chertkov what be you afraid of ? sofya you . I be afraid of you . chertkov look at she with undisguise disgust . chertkov the press be bloodthirsty . have I wish , I could have demolish you and you family . you make it easy . 57 . sofya tell they anything you like . go ahead . ruin we . chertkov I have too much respect for Leo nikolayevich . you be lucky . sofya why can not my husband see you for what you be ? chertkov 's face be red . he start to speak , stop . he walk to the door , then very deliberately . chertkov if I have a wife like you , I would have blow my brain out long ago . ( beat ) or go to America . he leave the room . sofya sink back to the floor , a flower wilting . she begin to weep . a aria from Madame Butterfly come over 78 int . yasnaya polyana . dine room . night . 78 from a record on the gramophone . the table be set for ten , although no one be at dinner but sofya andreyevna and Valentin . he be visibly uncomfortable . a awkward silence . Valentin I hope you be feel better . sofya do you like the opera ? Valentin I take sing lesson for year . I think about a career in music . the only thing I lack , in the end , be talent . ( beat ) I be sorry about everything . she smile . sofya this aria be very beautiful .. it be about a woman who be abandon by the man who love she ... everyone be very move by that ... in the opera . a long pause . the clink of soup spoon . tolstoy enter . he do not sit . 58 . tolstoy we life together have become intolerable . stifl a sneeze , Valentin get up to leave , try to flee the inappropriateness of all this . sofya sit down , Valentin . Valentin really , I be expect at telyatinki . she wave it off . sofya no , no , no . enjoy you dinner . we have have a disagreement . no more than any other marry couple . tolstoy I do not come for more recrimination . despite good cause for alienation between we , I have never stop loving you . sofya of course ... tolstoy God know you do not make it easy . sofya why should it be easy ? I be the work of you life . you be the work of mine . its what love be . aside to Valentin . sofya everything with he be hysterics Valentin I should go . tolstoy sit down . ( beat ) so , this be what love be . do that surprise you , boy ? they both look at he Valentin I think it might be quieter , but - 59 . he sneeze violently . tolstoy / sofya God bless you tolstoy turn to sofya . tolstoy he 's right , though . if we can not live a decent , quiet life , if I can not work , if I can not find some peace , I shall simply go away . sofya go? where ? tolstoy not to chertkov , but I shall go . sofya go where ? tolstoy dushan say you be kill I . sofya rise up in cold rage . sofya then go ! go ! anywhere you please ! she smashes a plate on the table to punctuate it and another and another . sofya I hate you . I hate what you have become . she pick up another plate , let it fall . now , she act as if she 's choke or gasp for breath . Valentin countess ... be you alright ? she fight with she collar , rip open the front of she dress . tolstoy ( shout ) dushan !!! sofya you will destroy I . dushan run into the room . sofya continue to tear at she clothes , stop , begin to pant , then fall to the floor in a faint . 60 . Valentin be she alright ? tolstoy try to answer , but be overcome by a cough fit . dushan start toward he but tolstoy wave he in the direction of sofya . he kneel beside she . dushan sofya ! open you eye . sofya my back . my back ... I be hurt . dushan you be lie on a fork . sit up and you will improve markedly ... Valentin , help to get she upstairs , would you ? Valentin help sofya to she foot . dushan get up himself and walk to tolstoy . dushan she 's alright . I be more concerned for you ... we should all go to bed before something else happen . 79 omitted 79 80 ext . telyatinki compound . night . 80 Valentin sit at the bonfire , with other disciple . after a while he walk towards the house . 81 int . telyatinki . kitchen . night . 81 it 's late . the house be quiet . Valentin walk into the kitchen to see masha wash the dish . exhausted , he sit , stare at the floor . Valentin it be terrible there today ... between they . they love each other so much , but you see what it become . she stay at the sink , say nothing . Valentin masha , what 's the matter ? she speak without turn to he . 61 . masha I be go back to Moscow . Valentin what ? he get up , go to she . masha chertkov speak with I this afternoon . he say I could be more useful there ... which mean ... Valentin shake he head . his lip tremble . Valentin this be he punish we , punish I for befriend sofya andreyevna . for not ... this be chertkov . masha we have both disappointed he . Valentin I do not care . you can not go away . I will talk to he . I will make he change he mind . i´m go to make you stay . masha no , I want to go . Valentin what ? masha I be leave the movement . Valentin you can n´t leave tolstoy . masha I be not . look , when I read he confession , it move I , valya . he be search for freedom . freedom from anger . freedom from attachment . freedom from all the superstition and nonsense of the church . it move I so much . I think that 's what it would be about . be not that what it 's about ? freedom and love ? but they mix it all up . masha reach out and put she arm around he . her head fall against he shoulder . 62 . masha come with I . please . bulgakov do not know what to say . the silence get more awkward as it get longer . slowly , she disengage herself from he , look he in the eye . she nod . masha I be go to my room . as she start away . Valentin do not leave I , masha ... I need you . she turn back for a moment . masha I know you do ... I know . then she 's go . 82 int . yasnaya polyana . sofya' bedroom / hallway . day . 82 sofya in she bed . a team of doctor hover over she . one of they peer into she eye with a sextant- like instrument . we move into the hall to find dr . rossolimo , a expert in mental illness , confer in the hall with tolstoy and dushan . rossolimo I believe the countess suffer from a mental degeneracy , paranoic and hysterical , chiefly the former . dushan yes . the doctor walk back into the bedroom . tolstoy red in the face , walk away down the hall . dushan catch he . tolstoy why do you bring he here ? dushan he 's a old friend , you know , from Rome . tolstoy and astoundingly stupid in the way of all scientist . dushan be wounded by he uncharacteristic lack of generosity . 63. tolstoy I be sorry , my friend , but this be all very upsetting to I . dushan yes . tolstoy sit on a small staircase at the end of the hall . bulgakov be already there on the step above he . tolstoy take they downstairs . thank they for I . offer they a drink . dushan you will be alright ? tolstoy Valentin fedorovich will stay with I , will not you , boy Valentin nod . dushan go to collect the doctor . moment later - tolstoy go to sofya 's bed . he take she hand . she look at he with all the love of a new bride . tear come to he eye . he kiss she hand . sofya ya...your ... you ... I can n´t remember now ... yo , what do I say ? what do you mean ? tolstoy you rest now . Valentin watch from the doorway as tolstoy leave the bedside and walk out . 83 ext . zasyeka wood . day . 83 it be a autumn afternoon . Valentin and tolstoy pick they way through the thick undergrowth . as they come into a clear . Valentin be surprised to see a portable table and several chair set up like lawyer office in the middle of the wood . sergeyenko fiddle with a piece of paper on the desk . chertkov come toward they . tolstoy stop he horse . he turn to Valentin with tear in he eye . tolstoy you see , I no longer feel I have a choice in the matter . she be not ... he ride forward toward the approach chertkov . 64 . chertkov good afternoon , Leo nikolayevich . tolstoy be it ? they help tolstoy dismount . they lead he to a nearby stump and place the write board before he . sergeyenko hand a document to chertkov who lay it on the board . chertkov this will insure that the complete work will live in the public domain . sergeyenko monumentous . chertkov you work be the birthright of the Russian people . now , they possess it forever . tolstoy look up at they . chertkov yes ? tolstoy I need a pen . chertkov of course . chertkov look at sergeyenko who swallow hard . no pen . sergeyenko I ...uh ... chertkov what ? sergeyenko move close to chertkov , close enough to whisper . chertkov you be a secretary . how can you not have a pen ? sergeyenko point at Valentin . sergeyenko he 's a secretary , too . ask he . chertkov Valentin fedorovich , do you have a pen ? 65 . Valentin hesitates for a moment , look at tolstoy , seat on the stump , stare into the middle distance . Valentin I do . Valentin fetch it from he satchel . Pen in hand , tolstoy hover over the document . a long moment . chertkov be you alright ? tolstoy I feel like a conspirator . sergeyenko laugh . chertkov glare at he . it 's beyond awkward . Valentin look to the sky , see the crow circle again . without further hesitation , tolstoy pick up the pen and sign the document . then he move away from the group . Valentin watch he . 84 ext . zasyeka wood . day . 84 Valentin and tolstoy water they horse at a stream . tolstoy seem weary . Valentin maybe we should get back . it will be dark soon . May I ask you something that have nothing to do with work ? tolstoy of course , my dear . Valentin do you love you wife ? tolstoy " you youth and you desire for happiness remind I cruelly of my age and the impossibility of happiness for I . " when I be court sofya , she be so young and pure , it seem impossible that I would ever have she . I do not want to tell she how I feel and I want to tell she nothing else . so I write down a string of letter and ask she if she could decipher they . she look completely confuse , think it be a game or ... 66 . tolstoy look into the middle distance , remember he love . tolstoy I give she one clue . the first two y 's , I say , stand for " you youth " and then the most miraculous thing happen . she simply speak the phrase , my phrase ... tolstoy look at Valentin as if the boy might offer some explanation of the miraculous . tolstoy ... as if she have read my mind . in that moment , we both know we would always be together . for that first year , we be incredibly happy , terrifyingly happy . his old eye be wet . tolstoy and now this . tolstoy reach into he boot , extract he secret diary . he take a pen from he shirt , begin to write . Valentin be amaze . he have a pen all the time . 85 int . telyatinki . meeting room . night . 85 Valentin exhaust , sit at the long table . chertkov appear at he office door . chertkov thank you again , Valentin fedorovich , for you forethought . Valentin I be a secretary , after all . chertkov let 's it go . chertkov you know I have think for a time to suggest that Leo nikolayevich look for someone else . but ...he say no . he say " he remind I of myself when I be young . " he go . after a moment , Valentin get up and go to the study door . Valentin I be leave telyatinki . 67 . chertkov really . Valentin I be go to Moscow . chertkov she be lead you around the nose . Valentin look , you say the movement 's about love - chertkov yes ... the love he tell we to practice , the love of the Gospel . why do I have to explain this ? perfect love . eternal love . the love that bind mankind together . Valentin but I have never meet mankind , only man and woman , imperfect man , imperfect woman . chertkov Leo nikolayevich also teach we love can not be weakminded . go. you will not be miss ... a naive sentimentalist Valentin look at he for a long moment , then burst out laugh , walk away chertkov why be you laugh ? you think I be ridiculous . Valentin I be laugh because I do not sneeze . 86 omitted 86 87 omitted 87 88 omitted 88 68 . 89 int . yasnaya polyana . tolstoy study / bedroom . day . 89 tolstoy have fall asleep at he desk , he secret diary open before he . sofya enter without knock . he bolt up groggily , try to hide the little book . sofya , meanwhile , hold up the letter in she hand . sofya lyovochka ? prozeveskeny want to purchase the rights to you work after you death . tolstoy then I shall try and die as soon as be convenient . sofya do not be silly . they have offer one million ruble . silence . sofya how can you not be pleased ? tolstoy I do not write for publisher . I write for people . he get up from he desk . sofya where be you go ? tolstoy Valentin 's in the library . he 's ask to speak to I . sofya splendid ... while you wretch family be leave to starve . tolstoy I do not see anyone starve in this house . on the contrary , we privilege revolt I . he go . she call after he . sofya but you be always first to the trough ... always have be . sofya sink into he chair . on the desk be the photograph of herself and tolstoy that we see she hang on the wall in the early part of the film . she look at the wall . there in it 's place be the offend photograph of chertkov that she have remove earlier . 69 . she can fix that . but as she pick up the photo of she and she husband , she notice a SMALL volume , the secret diary , lie under it . she begin to read . 90 int . yasnaya polyana . library . day . 90 Valentin wait on the sofa . tolstoy walk in , go to he . tolstoy what be it , dear boy ? you look unhappy . what do you want to say ? but before Valentin can respond a gunshot ring out . 91 omitted 91 92 int . yasnaya polyana . tolstoy bedroom / study . day . 92 sofya sit in a chair , fire shot after shot at the photograph of chertkov . tolstoy and Valentin enter . tolstoy sofya , what be you do ? she turn toward he , wave the gun in he direction . Valentin duck against the wall . sofya how could you do this to I ? tolstoy you be not well . sofya you hurt I again and again . you take little piece of I until I become nothing . I do not know who I be anymore . ( beat ) I read you diary . I know what you have do . tolstoy you behave like this , I have no choice . now give I the gun . sofya no ! give I the gun ! tolstoy give it to I , please . 70 . sofya throw the gun at she husband . she run out of the room . we see the shattered photograph of chertkov . after a moment , tolstoy into he chair . Valentin watch he in silence . tolstoy I would like you to stay here tonight . Valentin yes , of course . with that , the old man get up and leave the room , leave Valentin in the wreckage of he world . 93 ext . yasnaya polyana . ground . night . 93 the wind blow the tree around the old house . we see a light lamp move up the stair . 94 int . yasnaya polyana . library . night . 94 Valentin in he makeshift bed . sasha ( o.s. ) Valentin . Valentin . he be immediately awake . sasha , lamp in hand , crouch beside he . sasha get up . he 's leave . Valentin what ? sasha he´s leave . 95 int . yasnaya polyana . tolstoy' bedroom / study . night . 95 bag be be prepare . sasha be pack clothes . tolstoy essential only . nothing that be not absolutely necessary . Valentin struggle to close a case full of book and papers . tolstoy please ... we must hurry . 71 . Valentin where will you go ? no one respond . dushan come to tolstoy , sit down and begin the ritual take of the pulse . meanwhile , sasha wrap a heavy fur coat around he shoulder . she smile at he . sasha absolutely essential . dushan a lantern , I think . it 's very dark tonight . ( beat ) and the apparatus for give a enema . 96 ext . yasnaya polyana . ground . night . 96 the horse be hitched to the droshky , the bag be up on the back . sasha everything 's ready . dushan climb into the carriage . tolstoy turn abruptly and walk back toward the house . sasha papa ...? dushan he 's change he mind . he 's go back to the house . they watch as tolstoy kneel on the wet grass , bend low to rub he hand against the earth . after a moment , Valentin go to he , kneel next to he . Valentin do you want to go back ? tolstoy when I be a boy , my brother nikolai once bring I to a place when I be a boy . he tell I he would find a green stick with some word on it ... the secret to happiness for all man everywhere . he hide it in the ground . I look for it very often . I have look for it all this year . I really believe I would find it here ... but I never do . 72 . tolstoy look at he . tolstoy I never do ... but this life be behind I now . he kiss the ground of he beloved home , get up and they walk back to the droshky . tolstoy help I up , will you ? as they go , he hand Valentin a envelope . tolstoy give this to sofya . Valentin I will . they reach the carriage . sasha embrace he , kiss he over and over . sasha be well . be well . tolstoy do not cry . I will send for you when I can . they help he up onto the droshky and the carriage start slowly away from the old house . 97 ext . yasnaya polyana . ground . morning 97 out in front of the house , a old peasant woman pull the feather off a chicken . over she impassive face , we hear deep , heavy sob . 98 int . yasnaya polyana . sitting room . day . 98 sofya be in a rage . sasha sit nearby . sasha I be simply tell you what happen . he 's go . I have no idea where . nobody do . sofya you be a liar . ( beat ) liar ! sasha will not rise to the bait . Valentin come into the room . 73. sofya so , he 's go . ( to bulgakov ) for good . Valentin I think so , yes . there be a pause . sofya suddenly smile , become solicitous . sofy darling sasha , where be you father ? I know you know . please , please . do not play game with I . now it 's not the moment . sasha honestly , I have no idea . sofya don't play game with I . Valentin I have this for you . it be a letter . she grab it , as if it be something that might feed a terrible hunger at the center of she . move into a corner , she tear it open and begin to read . they both watch sofya 's passion . her face quiver , the muscle in she neck stand out . her shoulder begin to shake . crumble the paper in she hand , she twist she head and scream . then , gather up she dress , she run out the door . sasha move immediately to the window . from she p.o.v. , we see sofya streaking across the lawn . they look at each other sasha the pond ! they run out . 99 ext . yasnaya polyana . ground . day . 99 sofya sprint away from the house and into the tree . a couple of servant join the chase , Ivan and vanya , a fat manservant . Valentin , head of the group , see sofya move out of the birch . she 's head straight to the pond . 74 . sasha suddenly steam past he . sasha mama , mama ! stop . not this . hurry ! hurry ! Valentin countess ! 100 ext . yasnaya polyana . pond . day 100 sofya have reach the bathhouse . peasant woman watch she as they do they wash . she glance back she pursuer , race on . tiring now , she go to she knee . she crawl along the jetty toward the water . at the edge of the jetty , she fall on she back then turn over , most ungracefully , and roll off sideways into the pond . high angle . sofya sink into the black water . the sound of she rescuer fade away and be replace by tolstoy 's voice , read the farewell note she still clutches in she hand . tolstoy ( v.o. ) my position in the house have become intolerable . what I be do now be what people have commonly do - leave they worldly life behind to spend they last day in peace and solitude . slow motion she float , strangely relaxed , beneath the water . tolstoy ( v.o. ) I beg you to forgive I for everything I have do to you , just as I forgive you with all my soul for everything you have do to I . the silence be suddenly rip apart by the rescuer . sasha and Valentin jump into the pond . sasha , barely able to swim herself , thrashes in the water . Valentin sasha , go back to the jetty . here , let I help you . he offer he arm , use it to push she to safety . sasha no ! she 's drown . help she ! 75 . Valentin I will . I will . stay here . with that , he push away from the dock and make a sharp plunge under the water . sasha watch , wait ... and after a long moment Valentin surface pull sofya with he . on the dock , the servant and sasha help he to get she heavy body , water soak dress , back onto the bank . she look terrible . her tongue lolling out , water drizzle from she open mouth . sasha be overcome . sasha she 's dead . my mother . she 's dead . Ivan take action . he roll she on to she stomach , work to expel water from she lung . this go on for a agonizing length of time . Valentin look to the sky ... dull and gray . then a sound , cough sputtering . she be alive . sasha , Valentin , and the servant help up . sasha let I take you to the house , mother . sofya let I die . please . why would you rob I of that ? sasha let 's go to the house . sofya be suddenly clear , almost calm . sofya Ivan , go to the station . find out which train the master take . Ivan look at sasha for approval . sasha I see no harm in it . let 's get she to bed . Valentin nod . Ivan appear beside he . ivan life return to torture she for awhile . he laugh out loud , then walk away . 76 . 101 int . yasnaya polyana . dine room . day . 101 sasha walk into dining room . Valentin pour they tea . sasha she 's exhaust herself . she 's sleep for nearly four hour . Valentin I be glad she can sleep . the pain subside a little . sasha the noise subside a little . they smile at each other . sasha well , a little . Ivan come down the stair . he stop in the doorway . sasha come in . ivan a message , miss . sasha for I ? ivan no , for you father . from the countess , miss . sasha she 's allow to send a note to my father . I just do not know where to tell she to send it . ivan she 's address it to train number 9 . that 's the train the master take . the station master tell I ... sasha why be you give it to I ? she be allow to send my father a note ! Ivan step forward and hand she the note to inspect . sasha can not help but laugh . sasha she never give up . ( read the note ) " dearest papa . return at once . ( more ) 77 . sasha ( cont would ) sasha . " she sign it with my name . Valentin ingenious . sasha obvious . she pocket the note . Ivan continue to stand there . sasha look at he . sasha yes ? ivan he give I this as well ... the stationmaster . a note for you . sasha open it , read . she look up , flushed with excitement . sasha he 's with my aunt . at the shamardino . sasha run out of the room . 102 ext . yasnaya polyana . ground . day 102 sasha , on horse back , ride up and by the camera and away down the alley of tree that lead away from the house . sofya ( o.s. ) they have all go 103 int . yasnaya polyana . library . day . 103 sitting at he desk , Valentin look up to see sofya stand in the doorway . she look exhaust . Valentin I be here . she walk to he desk . sofya you be write to you girl . that 's lovely . sofya touch he shoulder with real affection , then walk across the room to she husband 's desk . Valentin I do not know if she 's my girl . 78 . sofya but you believe you will see she again . Valentin I very much hope so . sofya yes . refuse to believe in the end of love . do all you can to prevent it ... sofya pick up a photograph of the two of they , examine it . sofya I know you know where he be , Valentin . Valentin hesitates . she walk back to he . sofya I will not ask you to betray he trust ... but I need you to go to he . I do . I have to see he . I have to talk to he . I will not make a scene . promise he that . I must see he . 103a omitted 103a 104 omitted 104 105 omitted 105 106 omitted 106 107 omitted 107 108 ext . countryside . dawn 108 Cloud of steam against the white sky . a great black train travel through the bleak world 109 int . third CLASS carriage . day . 109 tolstoy rest on the hard bench of the third class carriage he always insist on . he write on he lapboard . we pan to a adjacent bench to find Valentin , now with they . he and sasha have a map spread out in front of they . 79 . sasha he 's right , you know , to go . she will be right behind we . Valentin I ´ve tell you she have promise she would n´t make any problem . but besides , where be we go ? tolstoy have overhear they . tolstoy we do not need a plan , my dear , we will simply go dushan appear with several newspaper . as he hand they the papers , he read the headline . dushan tolstoy abandon home ! whereabouts unknown ... sage of yasnaya polyana take flight ! tolstoy look up from the papers , smile . tolstoy I guess we little secret be out . 110 omitted 110 111 int . yasnaya polyana . sitting room . day 111 sofya sit surround by the papers . andrey appear . andrey there 's a reporter outside from the Russian World . sofya tell he we have receive a apologetic letter from you father .. very embarrassed . we expect he back any day ... andrey but that 's a lie , right ? sofya yes , that 's a lie . 112 ext . countryside . day 112 the huge iron wheel grind on . 80 . 113 int . third CLASS train carriage . day 113 tolstoy sleep . people still crowd around he . Valentin please move back . please let he breath . please give he some room . sasha ( to Valentin ) he can n´t breath . Valentin , please . ( to dushan ) the smoke be too much . dushan I know . stay back . tolstoy stir . tolstoy where be we ? dushan it 's alright . everything 's fine . he reach out to touch tolstoy 's forehead . he go pale . tolstoy where be we ? dushan let I take you temperature . the old man lift he shirt , take the thermometer under he arm . dushan reach for he wrist . Valentin and sasha look at each other , wait for the vital sign . he take the thermometer from tolstoy , read it . he 's clearly shake . tolstoy good old dushan , ... you need not worry . remember , you be my doctor , not my angel . whatever happen , it 's not you fault ... I be feel much better now . I just need to sleep . dushan good , good . yes . he drift off again , dushan stare at the thermometer . his eye fill with tear . 81 . dushan he will be fine . 114 ext . astapovo . platform . day 114 the train pull into a small , dusty station , astapovo . Valentin and dushan support , help he off the train . sasha look at the sad , empty platform . sasha we have come to the end of the world . 115 ext . astapovo . platform . day . 115 dushan and tolstoy sit on a bench on the platform . sasha and Valentin appear . Valentin the stationmaster say we may have he house for as long as we need it . there be no inn nearby , so we be lucky . tolstoy very lucky . dushan yes . they help tolstoy up . a little bearded man , the station master , wait to escort they . sasha you will be comfortable here , papa . the rest of we ... we will find cot or sleep in the station . tolstoy and then we will be on we way . 116 omitted 116 117 omitted 117 118 int . astapovo . telegraph office . night . 118 Valentin approach the operator . Valentin hello , hello ? could you send a cable for I ? 82. 119 int . yasnaya polyana . library . night 119 a message come over the cable machine . Valentin ( o.s. ) tolstoy ill at astapovo . temperature high . send it to sofya andreyevna , yasnaya polyana . 120 int . yasnaya polyana . sitting room . night . 120 sofya pace . andrey loll on the couch read the paper . sofya we must leave at once . andrey we will make inquiry in the morning , mother . sofya we will rent a train . andrey that will cost a fortune . sofya do not say irrelevant thing , andrey . it 's unbecome . contact someone . I will go and pack . andrey Rent a train ? God ! 121 ext . astapovo . platform . day . 121 Press and various hanger on have begin to arrive at astapovo . outside the station master 's house , dushan give a update , temperature , pulse . Valentin emerge from the telegraph office , telegram and cable in he hand . a long passenger train pull in from the north . there 's general commotion at the new arrival . " the countess . " " be it the countess ? " ... more press , a cinematographer lug he gear and chertkov . he spot Valentin . there be no greeting , no embrace . chertkov bulgakov ! where be he ? take I to he . as they make they way across the track , chertkov can barely contain he glee . 83. chertkov he leave ... astonish ... he actually , finally leave . Valentin he be not well enough to travel . it 's very cold . chertkov do not hear , he 's bask in he victory . chertkov it 's a triumph for the movement . 122 int . astapovo . stationmaster's house . day . 122 Valentin lead chertkov through the door . chertkov stop short , whisper chertkov he look so small . now , tolstoy see he , wake up , smile . sasha papa . tolstoy it 's ( hic ) you . the man embrace . tear roll down the both man 's cheek . tolstoy continue to hiccup throughout . chertkov my dear friend , waht be all of this ? tolstoy I need ( hic ) to see you . thank you . we have so much ( hic ) to do . ( hic ) I ´m sorry . damn hic up . ( beat ) have you see sofya ? chertkov I have make a point not to . tolstoy I do not know when ( hic ) she will come . but she will come ( hic ) . I know it . chertkov and we will be ready . Valentin ready for what ? 84 . chertkov do not respond . dushan I be sorry , but it 's time for you enema . tolstoy do not apologize , my friend . you enema ( hic ) have become the news of the world . ( smile ) now , all of you , help turn I over . 123 int . astapovo . stationmaster's house . night . 123 everyone be asleep . Valentin keep a vigil at tolstoy 's bedside . his rest be fitful , he breathe rag . Valentin stand and walk out . 124 int . astapovo . telegraph office . night . 124 Valentin approach the little window . Valentin I would like to send another cable . the man nod , ready he pencil . Valentin at astapovo . stop. tolstoy ill. stop. heart break . stop. please come .... that 's it . the man look to he for a address . Valentin it go to masha ...to Maria filipovna melinov , Moscow . thank you . 125 ext . astapovo . platform . day . 125 the media circus be in town . there be snack bar and hut , a army camp with typewriter instead of gun . several news camera be set up near the stationmaster 's house . tents have be erect as make shift shelter and office . Reporters struggle to get into the telegraph office . Word go around something big be happen . at the platform , we see the highly polished private train pull in . the countess have arrive . 85 . sofya appear in she handsome travel clothes . a unctuous little orthodox priest follow she out of the train . orthodox priest if the Count should have a change of heart ... if in the last moment he choose to confess , mother church be there to embrace he with open arm . she nod . sofya I will see what I can do , father . she move with purpose across the track and through the throng Reporters pelt she with question . 126 int . astapovo . stationmaster's house . day . 126 chertkov , sasha and Valentin watch through the window . sasha she 's come this way . chertkov start to put on he coat . chertkov not before she stop to tell they lie , catalogue my atrocity . Valentin let I speak to she . he head toward the door . 127 ext . astapovo . platform . day 127 sofya have reach the edge of the platform where dushan give he medical update , temperature and pulse , to the press . she pull dushan aside . Reporters surround they . sofya I want to see my husband . dushan yes I will ...uhm ... sofya I want to see he . now ! dushan be terrify . Valentin arrive at the platform . Valentin countess ! 86 . sofya Valentin ... will you help I ? I have to see he . please . Valentin of course . but I be not certain if it 's the best time , countess . she start toward the building . sofya it be . it 's the right time for I . Valentin sofya andreyevna ... ( to the crowd ) stay back , stay back . 128 ext . astapovo . stationmaster's house . day 128 as Valentin arrive outside the door , he see sofya physically recoil . she be confront by chertkov and sasha block the door . sofya I want to see my husband . member of the press , crowd `round try to listen . sasha he 's too weak now , mother . sofya but he 's not too weak to see you . not too weak to see that ... she gesture in chertkov 's direction . the passion attract more onlooker . chertkov do you really want to do this here ? she do she best to ignore he . sofya I be the leper outside the gate , while he sleep with the devil himself . sasha Vladimir gregorovich be here because father ask he to be here . 87 . this stop sofya for a moment . she look to Valentin . sofya be that true ? Valentin nod . she try another tack . sofya have you tell he I nearly drown in the pond ? sasha we do not have to . it be in all the papers . Valentin be very aware of the publicness of it all . Valentin let I take you back . but she plow on . sofya what do he say ? sasha that if you kill yourself , he would be upset . sofya he would be upset ? sasha horribly upset ... but he could not have act other than he do . sofya begin to sob . sofya I want to see he . ( beat ) he 's not you husband . he 's my husband . sasha you be unbearable . sasha go back toward the door . sofya and you be a stone- heart bitch of a daughter . sasha disappear back inside . sofya scream after she . 88. sofya I lose five child . why could not one of they have be you ? chertkov watch , make little attempt to conceal he pleasure . chertkov be you finish ? a pause . sofya be suddenly aware of the crowd around she . sofya Valentin , will you take I back ? Valentin nod . Valentin yes , of course . sofya take he arm , start back across the platform . shaken , she try she best to maintain she dignity as she walk through the crowd . she lean against Valentin , whisper . sofya I have behave badly , have not I ? Valentin no , countess , do not worry . not at all . around she , journalist ask question , photographer call out " turn to we , countess . " " show we you eye . " 129 omitted 129 130 int . astapovo . private train . dawn . 130 Valentin , in he wrinkle suit , be asleep in a chair . he wake to see sofya stretch out on the sofa . he watch she . she do not stir . after a moment , he go out . 131 ext . astapovo . platform . day 131 Valentin emerge from the telegraph office . he walk along the platform , a stack of letter and telegram in he hand . a few reporter type they early morning dispatch . 132 omitted 132 133 omitted 133 89 . 134 int . astapovo . stationmaster's house . day . 134 Valentin come into the room , acknowledge chertkov who sit at he makeshift desk go through letter and cable . he go to the bedside , stop next to dushan . silence , interrupt only by tolstoy 's incessant hiccup . Valentin notice dushan be on the verge of tear . Valentin what be it ? dushan , what 's wrong ? dushan listen to he . I be suppose to be a doctor , for God 's sake . weak , feverish , tolstoy sit up in bed . sasha move to help he . tolstoy sofya ! dushan what be it ? what be it ? Valentin go to tolstoy . he 's in a kind of panic . chertkov come into the room . tolstoy she 's come , have not she ? sheis here . he point to the corner . but it be nothing , a gray shape throw by a coat rack . chertkov you be imagine thing . dushan it 's true , Leo nikolayevich . tolstoy sasha ... where 's you mother ? tolstoy 's eye fill with tear . Valentin look to sasha . she look from he to chertkov . chertkov she 's at home . tolstoy if she want to see I I could not refuse she . ( beat ) be she go to come here ? all eye be on sasha . 90 . sasha I do not think so ... I do not know , papa . there 's no way to ... tolstoy to what ? will she waiver ? a long , agonizing beat . sasha she 's at home . I be sure of it . Valentin look at the floor . tolstoy at home . sasha yes , papa . tolstoy nod , pat sasha 's hand . tolstoy very beautiful be not it ? sasha we home ? tolstoy yes . he lean back against the pillow and drift again . sasha get up and go outside . after a moment , Valentin follow . 135 ext . astapovo . station master' house . day 135 Valentin see she lean against the wall . she 's in pain . sasha he say to I once ... " you be like you mother . you be so full of anger . " she turn to he . sasha I know it 's terrible ... but who will protect he ? I do not want he to die . Valentin touch she face , go back inside and into 91 . 136 int . astapovo . station master' house . live room . day . 136 where chertkov have make a makeshift office . he pore through the cable , letter and telegram that litter the station master 's dining table . he hold one up for Valentin . chertkov kind thought from George Bernard Shaw . Valentin walk to the table . Valentin you lie to he . chertkov keep you voice down . Valentin he want to see she . you hear he say it . chertkov what exactly do you think she will bring he ? Valentin I do n´t know , they ´ve be marry for 48 year . chertkov I ´ll tell you what she´ll bring ... vanity , fuss and noise . Valentin she promise I - chertkov what ? Promised you what ? you ´ve see she at close quarter , boy . you think sheus capable of restrain herself ? Valentin they have a whole life togehter . why do you have to deny that ? chertkov you be a victim of she romantic nonsense . you seem to forget she want to destroy everything we do . she travel with that unctious little priest . Valentin keep the priest away - 92 . chertkov this people be vulture . they send in at the last moment and welcome he back to the church . that 's they fantasy . ( beat ) a death bed recantation . do you have any idea the damage it would do ? everything he 's dream of , everything we have work for will be go . a simple noble death be what we want . it be what he want . Valentin no , you want a icon . you want to take photograph and give out postcard .. you want people to kneel in front of a image you´ve create . but he do n´t want that . he never want that , and it will give he no peace . ( beat ) he want to see she ... let she come . they see sasha look from the door . she turn and close it . chertkov I will do everything in my power to prevent that . Valentin oh , God . you exhaust I . chertkov I use to think you be just naive , Valentin , maybe a little stupid . I see now you be more dangerous than she be . he turn back at the door . Valentin tell I one thing . that image you want to create , just look like you , do n´t it ? Valentin leave the room . 137 ext . astapovo . platform . night . 137 the circus sleep . Valentin sit on a bench outside the station master 's house . the tent erect by the press glow like lantern in the field . 93. some people lie on the hard platform . he look across the track at sofya 's private car . a single light burn in the window 138 int . astapovo . private train carriage . night . 138 sofya keep she solitary vigil . the priest have fall asleep sit up . she finish she prayer , get up , look across at the lonely cottage . she can make out Valentin 's figure on the platform . 139 ext . astapovo . platform . night 139 dushan appear in the doorway . solemn , he gesture for he to come inside . Valentin stand . 140 int . astapovo . private train carriage . night . 140 sofya watch the two figure disappear inside . 141 int . astapovo . stationmaster's house . night . 141 Valentin see chertkov stand near the bed . dushan return to the chair next to tolstoy . his cheek be damp , he breathe irregular . sasha it can not be right . his fever be down . dushan his pulse , you see ... dushan begin to cry . suddenly , tolstoy become lucid . tolstoy sofya ... my dear sofya . so much have ( hic ) fall to she . everyone move nearer the bed . tolstoy look at Valentin . tolstoy who 's go to look after she ? ( beat ) someone need to look after she . there be a long pause . sasha look at Valentin . sasha shall I call she ? tolstoy this be it ( hic ) . the end . 94 . he seem to smile . sasha do you want to see she , papa ? tolstoy sasha , sasha .. it 's ( hic ) nothing ... nothing . he fall onto he pillow , asleep . chertkov it 's almost over . sasha look at he , shake she head . sasha I can not do this anymore . chertkov he will n´t know who she be anyway . 142 int . astapovo . train carriage . night . 142 everyone sleep but sofya . there be a knock on the door . sofya open it . it be sasha . a pause . sofya have he ask for I ? sasha I want you to come . take a coat . it 's cold . 143 ext . astapovo . stationmaster's house . night . 143 sofya and sasha walk to the door . the reporter call out reporter countess ... countess ... do you have any information ? countess ... be he die ? be he dead ? sasha take she mother 's hand . 144 int . astapovo . stationmaster's house . night . 144 she step into the room . for a moment , she seem overwhelm at the sight of he . she look at Valentin , who nod at she as if to say go on . sofya walk past chertkov without acknowledge he . dushan let go he hold of tolstoy 's wrist and get out of the chair , out of she way . she approach she sleep , husband , the love of she life , she cross , she everything . 95 . sofya lyovochka ! there be no response . she throw she arm around he . sofya please forgive I , my darling ! sasha mother ... sofya I be a fool .. I be a selfish woman . but I love you . please believe I . please understand I . please forgive I for all my weakness and badness . please ! please ! Love I ! sasha mother ! sasha take she hand , whisper . sasha Control yourself . sofya be I shouting ? sasha you have to control yourself . sofya look around and sit back . strangely , she do control herself . she become very still . she take she husband 's hand , begin quietly to speak to he . sofya you do not speak , but I hear you . she carry on two side of a impossible conversation . sofya " do you love I , lyovochka . " ( beat ) " never stop , my little bird . " ( beat ) " and you will never stop " ( beat ) " never . " ( beat ) " nor ever leave I again . " ( beat ) " never , ever again . ( beat ) " good ...good ... let 's go home " 96 . she sit very still hold she husband 's hand . then , it seem she feel the slight of movement , the slight squeeze of she hand . she look down to see tolstoy open he eye . he look at she for a moment , the hint of a smile , then close he eye again . Valentin see it , glance at sasha . then , he begin to fight for breath . dushan first cessation . a general sense of panic at the proximity of death . tolstoy fight for a last breath . dushan second cessation . sofya whisper quietly to she die husband . sofya please forgive I if I cry a little now . tolstoy continue to struggle , then silence , silence . sasha start to sob . sofya reach out to she daughter . sasha come to she mother who hold she . she feel someone next to she . she look up . it 's chertkov . chertkov I be sorry , sofya andreyevna . the most unlikely thing , she pat he hand . sofya it 's alright . what happen from now on ... it will never really matter . not really . everything 's finish . chertkov sit beside they . she turn to dushan . sofya dushan , could you tell they you great friend be go ? dushan yes . he nod , walk out into the dawn light to tell the world Leo tolstoy be dead . 97 . 145 ext . astapovo . platform . day 145 a sizeable crowd have assemble , the usual reporter , photographer , cinematographers , but student , too , and soldier , factory worker , housewive . dushan face the crowd . quiet . quiet . dushan at ten minute after six in the morning , a great soul pass from we world . Leo nikoleyevich tolstoy be dead . as dushan finish he tribute , a single voice begin to sing the old Russian hymn , eternal memory . gradually , more and more of the crowd pick it up . Valentin begin to sing . his eye run over the crowd of mourner . then , something stop the flow of he gaze . his eye fill with tear . Valentin masha ... masha . she walk slowly toward he out of the crowd . he go to she , take she in a long embrace . Valentin masha ... masha ... I be so sorry he 's go . he 's go . masha yes . yes . I know , but I come for you , valya . I come for you , too . Valentin I love you . I do . I love you . masha then , hold I . hold I . hold I . the song , the voice swell around they . they hold each other like they will never let go . 146 ext . astapovo . platform . day . 146 a black drape funeral train wait in the station . many mourner be congregate on the platform . chertkov come out of the little house , follow by andrey , Valentin and dushan carry tolstoy 's coffin to the train . sofya appear with sasha , who escort she through the crowd . the Orthodox priest approach . 98 . orthodox priest as a daughter of the church , I be sure you would not object to my say a few word at the funeral . sofya stare at he for a long moment . sofya my husband need no justification . besides , it 's be enough talk as it be . thank you , father . she climb onto the train . 147 int . astapovo . private carriage . day . 147 sofya settles into the comfort of the private car . she sit next to sasha . andrey and dushan be near she . there 's a noise from outside . voice ( o.s. ) countess ... countess . she look out . below the train window , Valentin and masha stand hand in hand . she get up and open the window . 148 ext . astapovo . platform . day . 148 Valentin Excuse I , countess . this may not be the time , but - sofya smile sofya Valentin ... and who 's this ... Valentin masha ... this be masha . sofya nod . sofya this be you girl . good. good . be there anything I can do for you ? Valentin no , no . not at all . I just want to say good bye . sofya yes ... good bye , good bye . God bless you . 99 . Valentin God bless you , too . 149 int . astapovo . private train . day 149 sofya sit back down with sasha . they hold hand . sofya well , I be ready to go now . ( to andrey ) why be n´t we move ? can not someone make it move ? but at that moment , the train begin to move . sofya oh ! 150 ext . astapovo . platform . day . 150 sofya look out the window , see the people line up along the rail , mourn she loss . as she look away , we see the people reflect in the glass , some of they kneel , some of they remove they hat . Valentin watch the train pull away . he hold masha to he . as the train move slowly through the corridor of mourner , some of they fall in and walk behind it . the camera travel up and up as the train travel north take sofya and she husband back to yasnaya polyana .