meg by Dean Georgaris property of : meg film LLC Belle avery @ belle.apelles@gmail.com Colin Wilson @ maedayproductionsinc@me.com 2/26/15 ext . pudong skyline - sunrise the silhouette of the majestic Pearl Tower tell we we be in shanghai , just as day break . two blacked - out suv glide through a city that 's at once both ancient and modern . the convoy pass : the light of nanjing Road , shutting off with the dawn ... student practice sunrise tai chi along the huangpu river ... the convoy continue past : antique vendor on dongtai Road , set up for the day 's business ... eager chef negotiate with seasoned fisherman for the prize catch at a local fish market ... ext . the donghai bridge - continued the two suv cut through a morning fog that give this bridge the appearance of stretch to infinity ... ext . yangshan port - continued the journey end at one of the world 's busy port , where both suv come to a stop , and the red - carpet boarding stair of a augusta - westland aw101 helicopter - the most expensive rotorcraft ever make - beckon all to board . ext . helipad , yangshun port - moment later the helicopter lift off , leave the port and its off - shore wind turbine behind . and head out to sea ... ext . a whale watching boat - off of hainan island tourist , angle to get the best photograph of a pod of whale , hardly notice the helicopter as it speed by ... ext . sanya BAY beach - hainan island and neither do the sun-worshipping beachgoer , nor the high - spirite water lover who surf the break . only a lone boy look up , shield he eye from the sun , to admire the helicopter as it speed by over the lush , tropical isle and head out into the vast pacific ... a woman 's voice imagine go to the moon ... ext . pacific ocean - day the helicopter fly low across the surface of the water . Endless blue as far as the eye can see .... a woman 's voice but instead of it be a lifeless void , it be teeming with creature so exotic , they boggle the mind . int . augusta - westland aw101 helicopter - day the voice belong to presca morris , a immaculately dress , incredibly charismatic businesswoman . she 's speak to she passenger for the day : EIGHT INTERNATIONAL vip -( whose personal fortune come from american oil money , mexican telecom , brazilian manufacactur , and indian petrochemicals ) morris ( cont ’d ) imagine explore a alien world , whose scale dwarf the high of mountain , the grandest of canyon . now imagine , instead of this be a fantasy , instead of it be a journey that would take year to complete , you could do it right here , right now . lady and gentlemen , I welcome you , we first outside guest , to mana - one . through the large cabin window the vip see mana - one , a platform in the middle of the ocean . it 's industrial - look , sit low in the water , and be little more than a wide , square landing area with dock / sub - launching arm protrude from each of its four side . TEXAS VIP ( disappointed , to he wife ) that 's it ? ext . helicopter / ext . mana - one - moment later Morris lead the vip across the deck , head for the only visible structure , a bank of elevator , that stick up on the otherwise flat platform , like some kind of design mistake . mrs . TEXAS VIP ( to Morris ) obviously , when you get closer to completion , you be gonna do this up , right ? morris ( smile ) no . no ? do they hear that right ? the elevator door open , and if the vip think that the platform be disappoint ... int . elevator - continued ... then the elevator take that to another level . it 's a massive freight lift - the kind you have find in a garment warehouse . the only clue that there be something more go on here be that Morris be hold out stick of -- morris chew gum , anyone ? for you ear . I recommend it . the first time down can be a bit much . and so this group of people , collectively worth 1 / 4 of a trillion dollar , take stick of 99 - cent chew gum . TEXAS VIP be we on candid camera or something ? Morris select the '' 0 '' floor , use a old - fashion hand - crank selector . down they go . fast . morris you ear be pop because , even though the station be normalize , pressure change underwater be much great than they be in the air . a scuba diver , rise from the depth we be go to , would have to spend hour in a decompression tank or die a painful death . then again , no scuba diver have ever be as deep as you be about to be . they reach the o-level . the elevator stop with a lurch . morris you gum ? Morris hold out a cheap plastic container for that who want to get rid of they gum . that 's the last straw for TEXAS . TEXAS VIP I have get to be honest with you , Ms. Morris . so far I find this whole thing profoundly underwhelm -- 4 . -- as if on cue the elevator door OPEN to reveal a humpback whale glide gracefully by right in front of they . its song fill the elevator as a second humpback , a baby , slide by . minway zhang ( 0.s. ) then it 's a good thing it 's not the elevator you be here to see . dr . minway zhang - 60 , but brim with the enthusiasm of a child , have be wait for they here on the -- int . observation level ( o- level ) - mana # 1 - day a all - glass world - shape like a massive horizontal bicycle wheel . its six '' spoke '' be corridor , and its '' rim '' be more than 1 / 4 mile around in its entirety . the result be a view of sea life in every direction . a 360 degree aquarium call the Pacific Ocean . minway zhang you be look at something few people have ever see . life 1,000 foot beneath the surface ... stand next to Zhang , he granddaughter meiying , 8 , seem to take delight in watch the vip 's jaw drop . zhang on behalf of my granddaughter , meiy , I welcome you to the observation level . a structure design with the knowledge that nothing man make will ever compete with the majesty of the sea . end credit int . observation level ( o- level ) - mana # 1 - day we walk with the group as Zhang lead they around a portion of the o-level . pause to point out certain species of sea life as they make appearance outside the glass . zhang mana-one 's location , on the edge of a tectonic shelf , mean we get a incredible variety of aquatic life . from something as common as the bluefin tuna ... ( two 800 - lb glide by ) ...to something as rare and spectacular as ... . -- he nod for meiy to identify what she see outside : meiying ( excited ) a oarfish ! gasp be hear as the vip see a oarfish : a 35 - ft long silvery ribbon of life with a dragon 's head . indian VIP this be incredible , Dr. Zhang . brazilian VIP truly spectacular . TEXAS VIP how long ' till you open up to pay customer ? Zhang look to Morris . that detail be she department . morris ten month . in addition to this level , we be building a restaurant we think have the world 's great view , a hospital - quality infirmary , and most importantly , a gift shop . that get laugh . zhang for year , I have travel the world , urging people to take better care of the sea . my hope be now , by bring the world here , the sea will speak for itself . there be some spontaneous applause for the achievement . morris ( prompt Zhang ) so , it 's no accident we invite you all here today ... zhang ... yes . as you may remember , mana - one be build where it be to give we access to the deep reach of we planet . the marianas trench . nearly seven mile below the surface at its base , the mystery of the trench hold the key to a better understanding of the world in which we live . and yet it remain a place mankind have see less of than the planet Mars . we ( more ) zhang ( cont 'd ) mission be to change that . right now , as I speak to you , a team of we submersible , include one pilote by my daughter , be put the last of we unis bot sensor station in place , 30,000 foot below we . when power up , this bot will send back image , the like of which no one have see before . and we want you , we angel investor , to be with we when we turn they on for the first time . now everyone be really jazze . TEXAS VIP look at Morris . TEXAS VIP well play , little lady . well play . wipe to : int . mana -1 , dive control CENTER - day Zhang , Morris , meiy and the vip emerge from the elevator and find themselves in a Mission - Control like space , know as the dive control CENTER ( dcc ) . a small team of personnel ( who we will get to know ) be monitoring every aspect of the current mission into the trench . a dazzle array of video screen show we everything from the crew member 's vital sign , to image from inside the sub , and of course , image of what 's outside the sub . a tactical display show a computer representation of the dive go on right now . two sleek abyss glider ( fastback 1 and fastback 2 ) be orbit at 20,000 foot down , act like sonar eye in the sky for the two mule sub ( angel 1 and angel 2 ) that be actually in the trench place the last of the unis bot into position . the dive operation chief , James '' mac '' mackriede , 30 , rough around the edge , nod ' hello 's to the vip and then resume what he 's do . jame '' mac '' mackriede ( into a mic ) angel one , have you get that last bot in position ? angel one , the first of the mule , be captain by junjie chen and co-pilote by carl sheppherd . we see they cockpit on a screen . there 's a delay between the video and audio : junjie / angel one ( radio ) standby ... bot be down . footpad indicator . four green . inertial power unit : on . tether : release . the tactical display show angel one be no longer tethere to its unis bot cargo . and that the bot be well - position in the trench . this get the room excited . junjie / angel one ( radio ) well everyone , it look like we owe dimitri a apology . his stuff might actually work . he 's refer to dimitri karmanov , the handsome , blue -ey Russian engineer who be watch the dive from a seat next to mac. Mac pat dimitri on the back . dimitri be emotionless . mac fan , let 's go ahead and ping the bot so we can start they up . this to linfan '' fan '' chang , 24 , a marine biologist whose arm be cover in decorative tattoo of mermaid and sea creature . fan be meiy 's favorite team member , ( besides she mom and grandpa ) , so it 's no surprise that meiy have join she at the control panel . fan enter a series of command on she keyboard . fan wake - up boy ... give we a smile ... on tactical one by one , the two dozen bot , which have be place in tandem along a length of the trench , begin to blink . fan all bot respond . initial reading - nominal . ready for power - up on you command . fan look at Mac , but then Mac , and everyone , look at zhang . this moment be the culmination of year of hard work . zhang go ahead , please . dimitri and fan rapidly execute a series of keystroke - then reach the final button -push . fan turn to meiying . let 's push this last button together . as they do , fan say ... fan let there be light . a series of quick cut between pove . 1 ) from junjie 's and francois 's mule ( angel one and two ) - hover in the trench . they stare into the darkness - but see nothing yet . 2 ) from a abyss glider ( fastback one ) orbit above , pilote by suyin Zhang -- late 20 , beautiful and brilliant . suyin look down out the bottom of she glass cockpit . she see the faint blink position light of the two mule far below ... but nothing else . back in the dive control CENTER the tactical display show all bot turn from Red to Green , meaning they should be on ... but ... fan no visual from bot camera . no data either . be it possible something be not work ? Mac look at dimitri . dimitri stare , it will be fine . mac ( nervous , into the mic ) angel one , do you have a visual ? ( static ) junjie , I say again , do you have a visual ? ( static ) suyin , can you see anything from up where you be ? silence . it 's horrible . Mac be about to speak again when -- junjie / angel one ( radio ) -- mana - one , confirm . the bot be work ... junjie 's Pov in the inky black reach just below he , he now see a series of bright white light - orb in the darkness . junjie / angel one not sure we camera will do they justice . from here it look like someone drop the two most beautiful diamond necklace you ever see . suyin 's Pov from up here , it almost look like a airport runway at night . suyin break into a big smile . suyin congratulation , father . you do it . int . dive control CENTER applause break out . Zhang , beam ... zhang we do it . all of we . fan and we have visual . welcome , everyone , to the most exotic place on planet Earth ... the visual begin to explode onto the dcc screen . this be the marianas trench as we have never see it . coral tower reach skyward like church spire . active volcanoe spew plume of deadly sulfur . and strange , alien creature haunt the water . bleach white cephalopod , invertebrate . then -- --a scream from one of the vip when a angler fish appear on screen , like something out of a nightmare ! that give everyone a good scare . then more laugh . zhang have no fear . that angler Fish be only 6 inch long . and it 's six mile beneath we . there 's a moment where everyone just marvel at what they see . be that a tear in zhang 's eye ? mac and heller embrace . fan reach out and surreptitiously squeezy dimitri 's hand - a secret romance between the fiery gal and icy Russian . ping ... amidst the celebratory laugh , a lone sonar ping . and then another ... ping ... fan ( mic ) fastbacks one and two . you guy see that ? 10 . int . fastback one - suyin - same suyin look around . her glass cockpit have a head - up display project on it . and sure enough it be pick up something move fast , north to south , high to low , in the trench . the sub 's computer put a little box around the ' target 's even though it can not actually be see . suyin copy that , mana - one . I have one ... make that two target ... more box appear ... indicating more target ... but then some disappear and re-appear ... it 's really weird . suyin dj , you pick this up ? int . fastback two - dj - same '' dj " lau , late 20 , a guy who exude ' cool 's in every way . dj flip a quarter through the finger of he leave hand , while piloting he ship with he right . dj my sonar 's lighting up like a Vegas casino . it 's get to be electrical interference . int . fastback one - continued suyin can think of one other possibility . suyin angel one and two - suggest ascend 500 meter - there might be a rock slide head you way . int . dive control CENTER - continued rock slide ? the smile from Mac 's face vanish . fan we sonar 's pick up nothing . and there 's no indication of seismic activity . dimitri ( look at Mac ) you worry too much . it 's interference , nothing more -- suddenly -- smash -- there be a black square where one of the bot cameras 's feed use to be as the signal goe out . then a 11 . second bot camera go black . we see that angler Fish suddenly dart away and then that camera too goe black . int . angel two - continued pilote by francois Bernard and he brother , luc . they be in a hover orbit , with junjie 's mule '' angel one '' visible not too far off they starboard side . they watch as - one by one - the bot vanish into blackness . francois mana , angel two . we have lose visual on the bot . all of they . back in the dive control CENTER Zhang confer with mac. fan and dimitri pour over some data . nothing dramatic have happen up here , but the discussion among the staff be enough to make some people wonder : indian VIP ( to Morris ) be everything okay ? Mac catch wind of that question . adjust he tie and screw on the charm . mac everything be fine . the test go perfectly . I have ask dimitri to power down the bot so we could be - position they . we placement be good , but you know Dr. Zhang , it have to be perfect , so ... Morris , read Mac , have already call for the Elevator . she jump in -- morris ( to the vip ) -- so we just want to say thank you , again , for make the trip to be a part of history . before we take you back to shanghai , we do still have one very important thing we have to do -- raid that gift shop so no one go home empty hand . the vip step in the elevator , the door close , they be gone . mac thank God the dog and pony show be over because I have not curse in ( more ) 12 . mac ( cont 'd ) twenty minute and I be start to worry about what might come out of my mouth . talk to I , people . Mac approach dimitri , who be hover over fan , both watch the computer system reboot . as Mac arrive he '' loosen '' he tie . except Mac 's wear a clip - on tie - so it come right off . fan 's attention turn from the computer screen to Mac 's absurd accessory . fan it 's like you just pull a unicorn off you shirt . I would hear of clip - on tie , but think they be a urban legend -- mac you think my tie be the reason we be stare at a wall of blank monitor !? fan honestly , I be not prepare to rule it out . dimitri ( have the real answer ) the bot have be knock off they mooring . suyin be right . it must have be a landslide . zhang be you say we have to put all the bot back in position ? dimitri nod . that 's a lot of work . Mac turn to Zhang . mac maybe we should bring everyone up , start fresh in the morning . dimitri sure , the bot be only 100 million euros a-piece . let 's leave they unfasten at the bottom of the trench - what could go wrong ? Mac do not appreciate the sarcasm . but Zhang agree with dimitri . as do fan . as do Mac , when he think about it . mac ( mic ) good news , gang . you be go to earn some overtime ... 13 . zhang cross to heller at the medical monitoring station . they can see the diver 's heart rate , body temperature , etc . zhang Dr. heller , will it be safe for they to stay down there that long ? heller they be fine . vital be normal . ( try to lighten thing ) junjie 's so relaxed , he might actually be asleep . Zhang smile . he need that . he look over at meiy . zhang come on , sweetie , I 'il take you back to you room . mommy 's go to be down there a while longer . int . angel one - continued junjie put he mule into a descent . junjie / angel one angel one . head back down . try not to crash into I , francois . I see that bottle of merlot you smuggle on board . int . angel two - continued francois put he mule into a descent . francois / angel two angel one , I take offense to that . no frenchman would risk a dive for a merlot . now a good bordeaux on the other hand ... ext . wide shot - trench - continued we watch as the two mule plunge into darkness . all be quiet and peaceful until -- some fast moving massive shape -- glide across the frame and we ... CUT to : int . dive control CENTER - a little later Visual and data feed from all four sub be breaking up now . picture go fuzzy ... voice sound computer distorted ... 14 . mac ( mic ) angel one and two , status ? int . angel two francois and luc 's Pov as they close in on a bot . they search and flood light illuminate a cone of darkness . francois come up on a bot . look like it be knock over . mac ( radio ) angel 2 , be it a landslide ? meanwhile - above they - int . fastback one suyin fight to steady she abyss glider against the current . suyin dj , current 's pick up . I be fire starboard anchor . she flip a switch and ... ext . fastback one - same a anchor shoot out of the right wing - top of suyin 's abyss glider and lodge in the side of the vertical cliff face . then whoosh -- another anchor go by and burrow into the solid face -- revealing dj glider have do the same thing . below -- we can see the light of angel one and two . then something pass over they - momentarily obscure we view . int . angel one - continued junjie approach a bot . you can barely see anything around he . the intense depth cause the hull to moan and pop . junjie through 11000 meter . it 's pea soup down here guy . something really stir the sediment up . francois ( radio ) guy , this bot be completely cave in . a bead of sweat roll down junjie 's forehead , as he sub anxiously creep forward inch at a time . finally , through the haze of sand , the bot come into view . 15 . junjie that 's impossible ... junjie' Pov of the bot -- it 's completely tear apart . int . dive control CENTER heller notice junjie and Carl 's heart rate begin to rise ... junjie ( radio - static ) -..- look like a bomb ... we be ... through the wreckage .... clue . Mac turn to Zhang . he 's get a bad feel about this . mac Dr. Zhang , I suggest we get we people out of there , go back down with a unmanned sub ... int . angel one junjie carefully guide he sub over the debris field . we / they can only see inch at a time . Carl point to something that be not metallic grey in the wreckage . it 's a white triangular object , which be partially break , that be now embed in the side of the unis bot . junjie there 's something in the bot . int . dive control CENTER Mac continue he plea . mac when I hear talk of a explosion -- dimitri there be nothing explosive down there . mac -- I do not think junjie be make it up , do you ? something happen . int . angel one the mysterious object become more clear ... there be not just one triangle . there be four , five , six ... junjie oh my God ... 16 . junjie and Carl be transfix by a row of giant teeth . int . dive control CENTER heller see the heart rate of junjie and Carl jump . heller ( mic ) junjie , I be see major spike for you and Carl - be you okay ? they get no immediate answer - so Mac make a decision . mac ( mic ) this be mana - one - code buster . all vehicle commence ascent now . int . fastback one suyin realize the mule can not hear Mac . she relay : suyin angel one and two , code buster . we be get out of here . int . angel one Carl and junjie - transfix by the sight of the tooth . carl yeah . I think that 's a swell idea -- -- in_less than a tenth of a second , something hit angel one with the force of a freight train . the sub implode , kill junjie and Carl instantly ! int . dive control CENTER and send flat line to heller 's reading . heller I have lose they ! fan ( look on tactical ) so have I ... Mac 's radio call to angel one play over : int . angel two - continued francois and luc be rise from the trench when suddenly luc see a shadow approach and wham -- 17 . int . dive control CENTER -- contact with francois and luc be lose . the dcc be in chaos . int . fastback one - continued suyin can hear Mac 's frantic radio call for angel one and two . she 's get very worried now . suyin angel one this be fastback , over . junjie , talk to I . angel two ... then ... ping - ping . suyin 's sonar begin to identify multiple target coming up at her from below . dj ( radio ) suyin , I have get multiple target , directly below and rise fast . suyin angel one , angel two , come in ... dj ( radio ) suyin , do you hear I ? we have get to get out of here . now ! int . fastback two - continued ping - ping - ping - as the target get closer , the pitch of the ping increase and the volume get louder . dj cut away he sub 's anchor - but see suyin have not do the same . dj cut away or you will be kill ! suyin ( radio ) you want to run , run , but I be not leave they ... dj ( to himself ) yes , you be ... ext . ocean - continued in a incredible display of piloting skill , dj use the wing of he abyss glider to break suyin 's anchor line . int . fastback one - continued suyin - furious - 18 . suyin dj , you son of a -- --bam ! bam ! bam ! suyin do not get to finish that think because she 's hit by rising debris from junjie 's sub . instantly , she craft be damage . leak spring . she begin to lose air pressure . alarm sound everywhere . int . fastback two - continued dj have not fare much better . he can see system fail . he flip dozen of switch from memory as he radio a report : dj mana - one , this be fastback one in the blind . both sub have be damage , pressure vessel fail , commence emergency ascent . he open a glass panel and flip a switch which turn the abyss glider into a craft as buoyant as a air balloon . int . fastback one - continued through the crack cockpit glass over she head , suyin see dj 's abyss glider begin to ascend . she reach for the same panel he use .... and flip it . she / we hear - a muffle explosion . a compress gas cannister have inflate she emergency ascent buoy . her sub rise like a missile . int . dive control CENTER heller bark order as he run for the emergency lift . heller have the decompression chamber pressurize for 7,000 meter and get all hand to the starboard quarter for retrieval . quick cut between int . fastback one / int . fastback two dj and suyin struggle to stay conscious and help guide they sub to the surface . the pressure and rapid ascent threaten to rip they vehicle apart . and the pain be excruciate . int . mana -one decompression tank heller lead a staff of med-tech prepping the decomp tank . 19 . ext . underneath the mana -one diver drop into the sea below . they will meet the sub and lock the hydraulic arm into position . int . fastback one we stay close on suyin as she fade out of consciousness . her cabin be a cacophony of system alarm and warning light . Pov suyin the pressure shift attack suyin 's hold on reality . her Pov become increasingly surreal as she close in on the mana - one . the ship light reflect on she sub window , blind and heavenly . we be lose she . her only connection to the world that deafen warning bell . she 's surface but do not know it . masked face come into frame , a alien intrusion into she fever dream . to black : in black - we hear tap tap tap ... tap tap tap ... int . decompression chamber - a little later suyin awake with a start . she look around . dj be with she . and tap tap tap - meiy be signal to she on the glass window of the decompression chamber hatch . suyin hi , sweetie ! they can not hear each other , so they communicate by touch hand on the glass . suyin ( without turn to dj , ask ) junjie and Carl ? dj no. but francois and luc be okay . int . dive control CENTER - same dimitri and fan be pour over schematics of the mule sub as Mac talk with francois ... mac ( mic ) and you try isolate Bus -b ? int . angel two - stuck on the bottom - same luc look at francois . nod , he try it . 20 . francois we engine be fry , Mac . Air pressure 's good . Hull integrity be good . but I be afraid you be go to have to come get we . zhang ( radio ) any guess as to what hit you ? francois do they have freight train down here ? int . zhang 's private office - mana one Zhang , heller , and Mac discuss they option . off they all three zhang how much air do they have ? heller 24 hour . that 's more than enough . mac dimitri need five hour to repair the abyss glider . suyin and dj can not leave decomp for six - so I be set the dive for 1700 hour . nod ... mac which give we time to get a pilot for angel 3 . the best rescue diver on the planet be in lufeng ... heller -- you can not be serious ... mac ...- we need he . of they know who Mac mean . heller Mac , I appreciate you loyalty , but do I have to remind you what happen the last time he go this deep ? mac I do not know what happen . and neither do you . 21 . heller he have a psychotic episode under pressure -- mac -- that be you explanation , doctor . not he . heller well - the navy agree with I . mac because it give they a scapegoat . it let they close the book on bad mission and move on . ( to Zhang ) Dr. Zhang , a rescue like this , even with the best equipment in the world , be risky . if it 's I down there , if it 's my daughter go down there , there 's only one man on the planet I want for the job . ext . dinosaur valley - lufeng - day wind whip across the arid ochre mesa of the lufeng quarry . we hear the sound of pick - axe . then the delicate sound of brush stroke as a phd candidate in marine biology carefully try to separate what be fossil from what be Earth . jonas taylor ( 0.s. ) you do not have to be so delicate ... the candidate 's Professor - jonas taylor , 30 , usn - retired , take he student 's tool and demonstrate a quick method . quizzing the girl as he go ... jonas have you identify the fossil ? the candidate stare at he . he 's she professor , he 's also rugge and gorgeous and tend to leave people tongue-ty . jonas carcharocle ... phd candidate ... carcharocle megaladon . jonas good , and have you measure it ? phd candidate eight centimeter ... 22 . jonas which mean ... phd candidate it be from a juvenile , 10 - 12 meter in length . jonas very good . but the fact that it be black , fully carbonize , also mean ... he swing he hand axe at it ... clank ... nothing happen . jonas you could not break it if you try . he give she a friendly wink , she laugh , and he walk off . we widen -- to see this be a permanent archeological dig fund by the deep sea CENTER at tianjin . int . trailer - continued jonas stare off into the magnificent vista , as a teaching assistant hand he some papers to look through . teaching assistant look forward to get back to Tianjin , Professor ? jonas I do love this two week in the quarry , but a new semester mean fresh mind to open to all the amazing reality of we world . teaching assistant you mean ' possibility 's , right ? jonas 65 million year ago , this whole region be underwater . and that fossil out there be alive . sure , the water have recede . but what make you think the ocean itself have change ? the conversation trail off because of the sound of a arrive helicopter . jonas we expect guest ? 23. the of shake he head . he go to check a clip-board . jonas see Mac , heller , and Zhang get out . teaching assistant there 's nothing on the schedule ... the of look up - realize he 's talk to a empty trailer . ext . excavation site - continued jonas give Mac a big hug . mac how be you , Captain ? jonas better than you , Mac , judge by the look of you . zhang Captain Taylor , I be -- jonas I know who you be Dr. Zhang . it 's a honor and a privilege . last , but not least , be a rather sheepish heller . heller hello , jonas . jonas hey there , Tom . pow - jonas punch heller in the face . heller go down . mac ( deadpan ) that actually go better than I expect . int . trailer - a little later jonas look through screen grab take from the video feed off of junjie 's sub and the unis bot . jonas how long after the bot be activate do you lose they ? mac maybe five minute . Mac show 24 . jonas and where be you , exactly ? he on the chart . jonas give Mac a look . jonas you go back there ? zhang it be my decision . that part of the trench have never be explore , its combination of depth and expanse make it -- jonas the last great unknown on Earth . yeah , I have hear that before . it 's why the navy have the chesapeake do maneuver down there . it 's why they have to send I in to rescue she man when she be mysteriously disabled . and it 's why this guy blame I when everyone die ! heller I do not blame you . I simply say that you after-action report , claim you have be attack by something down there , be likely the result of hypoxic dementia -- jonas after which I be court - martial , black - ball from every diving operation in the world , and now receive a steady supply of hate mail from widow who think I be the reason that man be go . mac look , jonas . I be not a past or future guy . I be present tense . I have get two crew member sit down there -- jonas and who be you go to send for they rescuer when they get take out too ? zhang Captain , I have read you account of what happen to you . before today , ( more ) 25 . zhang ( cont 'd ) I would not have give credence to you theory . but now ... now , two of my friend be dead . and my daughter be only alive by providence . I be here , we be here , because you give we the best chance of not add any more friend to that list . jonas look out at the field of fossil . we do not see what he 's look at , but we know he 's make up he mind . heller think of it as a chance to prove I wrong . jonas ( look at heller a beat ) do not you get it ? I do not want you to be wrong . jonas walk out . they realize he 's head for the helicopter . that 's good news . int . helicopter - day all four of they be seat , the machine be about to lift off . heller stare at a screen capture photo in Mac 's hand . heller you really think there 's something down there that could do that ? meaning , the bot - tear in half . Mac look out the window . mac as a matter of fact , I do ... heller turn , and as the chopper lift off , we reveal the dig site in full ... and there , in the ochre canyon wall , be a set of jaw so big that eight grad student - stand side by side - fit comfortably in its width . we hold on it and -- wipe to : ext . mana one - night the helicopter have land . Mac and jonas have split off from the other two . they walk across the platform with purpose , jonas 's attention draw to the state - of - the - art sub . he eyeball they , impressed . very impressed . mac we dive in one hour . 26 . jonas why wait that long ? mac for starter , you two dive mate be in decomp ... mac indicate the decompression tank in the distance where meiy be sit outside ' talk 's with she mom . jonas that 's comforting . Mac and jonas then descend a stair , unaware that meiying , have see they , have decide to follow they . ext . mana one - continued meiy watch from a distance as Mac and jonas inspect suyin 's abyss glider up on a hydraulic lift . dimitri and fan be replace the last of the damage part . Quick intros -- mac jonas Taylor - dimitri karmanov - linfan chang. ( ask dimitri ) so , what 's the verdict ? dimitri ( furrow brow ) suyin take a direct hit froma large piece of debris . the pressure line be cut . there be damage to the sensor array . the entire nav be smashed -- mac -- stop . be you do that thing where you tell I how bad it be , then tell I you manage to fix it , so you look like a hero ? that hang there a beat . dimitri no . I be tell you it 's fix . ( beat , deadpan ) whether that make I a hero or not be for other to decide . as jonas and Mac walk away ... jonas I like he . 27 . int . mana one - corridor - continued meiy follow jonas and Mac as they run into : morris Captain Taylor , I be presca Morris , one of the financial partner in mana - one . I be look up you record , and , well , all I find be record . most dive below 20,0000 foot , most rescue in the history of the navy , the list go on and on ... needless to say , I be very glad you be with we . jonas thank you , mar ’am . as they walk off ... mac see , I tell you I say good thing . int . spare live quarter - continued Mac show jonas the simple stateroom . a bed , a bathroom ... mac jumpsuit in the closet . you know the drill . jonas I do ... ( see something ) although I be not sure what to do with this ... meiying be stand in the doorway . mac meiy , be you spying on we ? this be Zhang 's grand - daughter . jonas hi , meiy . I be jonas . meiying the crazy one . jonas look at mac. jonas well , I see my reputation precede I . who say that ? 28 . meiying my mom , when grandpa tell she you be come . dj , Dr. heller ... mac .-. I be out of here ... jonas yeah , I bet you be ... Mac exit , leave jonas and meiy alone . jonas get a kick out of the little girl 's moxie . jonas I be not crazy . it 's just -- I have see thing no one else have . meiying that 's the definition of crazy . jonas ( laugh ) you be tough . meiying titanium . jonas titanium ? wow , I have never meet a girl make of titanium . I have date a few make of ice but ... jonas go to squeeze meiy 's biceps , which she 's offer as proof of she strength . jonas that be some gun you have get -- suyin ( arriving ) ( in mandarin ) meiy come here now . meiy retreat to she mom 's side . suyin , liberated from decomp , be there in the doorway with dj . jonas you must be suyin . and dj -- suyin -- briefing start in ten minute . with that suyin and meiy be go , leave dj to follow a beat later after a shrug . 29 . int . dive control CENTER - a few minute later the entire team be pour over chart of the marianas trench . there be a vast deep basin in the heart of it , label '' siren 's void '' . Mac be mark a position . mac from what francois describe , best guess be he 's along this ridge here , about 2,000 yard from .. Mac tap a red circle on the chart . mac ( cont 'd ) -..- this thermal vent . dimitri 's run the number , and with angel 2 's fuel tank emptied , she 's light enough for the three of you to tow to the surface -- jonas send I first . off they look . jonas send I , alone , in the mule . let I see if I can do a hatch - to - hatch ... suyin no ... jonas if the hatch be block , then the two of you can come down to tow ... suyin okay , first of all , you method will waste hour ... jonas but put less life at risk ... suyin second , I notice you pick yourself to be the lone diver , in spite of ... jonas .-.- in spite of the time off , yes . I have the most experience ... 30 . suyin ... I be go to say , in spite of the fact that on you last rescue everyone else be kill . that hang there a beat . landslide . jonas they be kill because they do not listen to I . and there 's not a day go by that I do not think about how they could have make it if they believe what I be tell they ... suyin ... be we sure we want he with we ... jonas ..- but , no , they be convinced it have to be a landslide . the word hang there . suddenly , all be quiet . jonas I do not blame they . I think that at first too . I mean , what else could show up on the sonar like that ? what else could tear open metal like it be tin ? you do not think about the fact that this ' landslide 's be not trigger any reading on the seismograph . you do not say to yourself - this be the most accurate , lethal , guide landslide in the 4 billion year history of geology . because what else could it be , right ? after a long silence . jonas let I go , alone -- zhang no one appreciate you expertise more than I do , but this be we operation , we be do it as plan . be that a problem ? jonas consider it - look at mac. jonas I sincerely hope not . dj say the monster Hunter . jonas you think I be hunt whatever be down there ? ( beat ) it 's hunt we . ext . submersible loading station - night carbon fiber and titanium gleam under the kleig light . 31 . suyin and dj inspect they abyss glider . jonas stare at the open hatch of he mule . he seem hesitant . mac ( arriving ) ~ the result of the popularity contest be in . you do not win . jonas ( look at suyin and dj ) I do not care if they like I . will they listen to I ? mac Zhang 's daughter be tough , but remember she just lose two friend -- jonas will - they - listen ? mac ( nod , yes ) they be the two best sub pilot on the planet that be not name you . they have get ice in they vein and year of experience ... Mac 's voice trail off because he and jonas be now distract by the sight of dj , kneel in front of fastback 2 , hold a small bundle of burning sage towards the hatch . mac yeah . um . that 's white sage . something to do with the clear of negative energy . ( beat ) you want I to ask he to stop ? 32 . jonas ( droll ) I want you to ask he for more . jonas notice meiy , who be with suyin , wave at he ... jonas at least somebody like I . jonas wave back . dimitri ( pre -lap / radio ) fastbacks clear for drop . in ten , nine , eight ... int . jonas 's mule sub - '' angel three '' - night close on jonas -- as he mule be lowered into the water . he can see the abyss glider ( fastback 1 and 2 ) , on either side of he , hold in angle chute on the side of the station . they launch will be dynamic . jonas 's be more traditional . dimitri ( radio ) Seven , six , five , four ... the ocean swallow angel Three . int . fastback 1 - suyin a deep breath from suyin as she reach for the drop handle -- dimitri ( radio ) Three , two , one ... release . -- and pull it . the abyss glider plummet into the ocean , cut through the surface like a Olympic diver . int . fastback 2 - dj dj 's abyss glider pierce the sea with tremendous momentum and a slight roll . dj tilt he control stick . his ship respond instantly , stop itself , and establish a hover a few meter below the surface . int . angel 3 - jonas unlike dj and suyin , it 's take jonas a few moment to get positive control over he sub and establish it as stable . suyin ( radio ) you need a minute there , jonas ? dj ( radio ) yeah . you look a little seasick . 33. jonas settling in - remember the feel of be at sea . jonas mock all you want . you two have the ferraris , I be in the mule . int . dcc - continued fan have the dive up on tactical display . heller have all they vital on screen . dimitri and zhang be at the plan table , and mac ( with Morris behind he ) be at the center of it all . mac ( mic ) rescue one , commence descent . int . fastback one - suyin suyin push she control stick forward and smoothly accelerate away from the surface . suyin francois , we be on we way ... ext . underwater - night the three sub , in formation , disappear into the depth . dissolve to : int . dcc - later almost two hour have go by on the mission clock . tactical show the three sub be at nearly 6,000 meter below the sea , and approach a layer that 's mark '' thermocline '' . fan ( mic ) rescue one , approach thermocline . morris what 's the thermocline ? zhang it 's a dense layer of cold water that separate the upper ocean from the deep sea . quick cut between fastbacks one and two dj and suyin move reflexively . flip switch and tightening they harness . 34 . suyin heaters to full . autostabilizer to on . harness secure . suyin begins to experience turbulence . she read a gauge . suyin enter thermocline . Sea temp now 39 and drop . int . angel three - jonas jonas be get bounce around harder . but that 's not the problem . the problem be it 's start to freeze in here . jonas mana , I be show a fault in the heating system . can you confirm ? suyin ( radio ) need we to tell you where the ' on’ switch be , jonas ? int . dcc - continued fan confirm what jonas see . fan ( mic ) jonas , we see the fault . try be - cycle the system . int . angel three - jonas jonas exhales , we can see frost on he breath . re-cycle the system ? that 's go to require he pull out a checklist . dj ( radio ) just follow my lead , man . jonas dj , I be not in the mood -- int . fastback two - dj dj be not teasing he . dj my temp gauge have not go below 48 and my ride be smooth as glass . int . dcc - continued Mac be about to tell fan to check that but she already have . 35 . fan ( turn to Mac ) he 's right . look like dj have find some kind of warm water upcurrent through the thermocline . ( look at Zhang ) have you ever hear of that ? zhang no . the thermocline be a wall . mac yeah well , there 's a hole in this wall , and if you do not mind , I would like to send we team through it so jonas do not freeze to death . fan ( mic ) jonas , good news . you can put down the checklist ... int . angel three - jonas jonas toss the checklist aside . fan ( radio ) come to 270 and then shadow dj , he 's find a smoother ride . suyin , suggest you do the same . int . fastback one - suyin suyin correct she course . suyin Nice job , dj . dj ( radio ) totally all skill on my part . int . angel three - jonas jonas feel the ride smooth out , and see he sea temp gauge rise . the frost inside he cabin begin to thaw . jonas I have find the channel . I be go to power down and enjoy the ride ... jonas flip a bunch of switch , killing all of he exterior light , plunging he into darkness . 36 . int . fastback one - suyin suyin be a few hundred meter above / behind jonas . suyin angel Three , do you just kill you light ? jonas ( radio ) affirmative . suyin you feel like tell we why ? jonas ( radio ) see for yourself . suyin , annoyed , decide to go ahead . she kill she light , find herself in darkness . she 's about to get mad when ... her fastback be suddenly illuminate by colorful bioluminescent light from outside . it 's dazzle . int . fastback two - dj dj , in near total darkness , be already enjoy the show . dj ok , I be not gonna lie . this be awesome . the warm water channel be fill with tiny plankton and alga that light up when agitate , meaning dj be leave a trail of bioluminescent light in he wake ... int . angel three - jonas for a few moment , jonas just sit there , marvel ... jonas it 's good to be home . ext . deep sea - continued the three of they descend , like rainbow - tail comet , through the inky blackness ... dissolve to : int . dcc - later tactical now show all three sub pass 10,000 meter . 37 . fan ( mic ) rescue 1 , approach bottom . quick cut between fastback one and two as both suyin and dj power back up ... int . angel three - same jonas be more reluctant to turn everything back on . jonas fastback one , suggest we keep power to minimal . no need to tell the whole world we be here . suyin ( radio ) negative , angel Three . this be a rescue , we want all system on . jonas look , I just think we want to keep a low profile -- francois ( radio ) do somebody say rescue ? int . angel two - continued francois and luc can see the position and search light of the three rescue sub in the distance . francois ( cont 'd ) Cause that 's the word the of the day here at chez francois . you have each win a free dinner ! int . fastback one - suyin suyin be thrilled to report . suyin mana - one . we have find they ! int . dcc - continued Morris and Zhang greatly relieved . dimitri satisfied with he work . fan squeeze he hand . mac let 's save the celebrate for when they be back please . 38 . int . angel three - jonas jonas watch as suyin accelerate by he to join dj in approach the sub . suyin ( radio ) jonas , we will secure we tow line first , then you do the heavy lift . int . angel two - continued francois and luc can see fastbacks one and two get closer . everything be great until a long shadow pass between they and the rescue sub . francois guy ... do you see that ? int . angel three - jonas jonas 's sonar come to life ... ping ... ping ... jonas target , bear 120 ... int . fastback two - dj dj check he sonar . it 's pinging . his head - up display have put square on multiple point in the darkness ... dj I have get it too , multiple bogey ... suyin ( radio ) then let 's hurry this up . int . fastback one - suyin suyin take she sub down a little faster and throws on her flood light illuminate the dark ... jonas ( radio ) fastback , that be a bad idea -- suyin reach the bottom . her engine kick up the sand -- suyin dammit ... -- create a undersea fog that , because of the lack of current , just hang there , obscure everything . 39 . suyin I have lose all visibility . repeat , lose all visibility ... she get occasional glimpsis of clear water in between thick patch of cloudy sand . something pass by in the darkness . suyin ( stunne ) there 's something down here . int . fastback two - dj dj get a glimpse of something too . dj I see it ! but it be go as quickly as it be there . dj why be not we get it on sonar ?! jonas ( radio ) the sand fog 's make the sonar useless ... int . dcc - continued as all three pilot be now talk over one another . dj ( radio ) mana - one , we be not alone down here , repeat , not alone ... jonas ( radio ) you both need to pull back ... suyin ( radio ) negative , I be attach my tow-line to angel two . dj , standby ... int . fastback one - suyin suyin center angel two in she sight and fire she tow-line . whooosh - a thin , magnetic - tip length of wire shoot off into the darkness towards angel two but ... thunk ... it hit something else first and fall to the sea floor . suyin what the ...? --wham !! something massive hit fastback one . it 's a glance blow but it send it spinning out of control . 40 . int . fastback two - dj dj be in thick sand fog when he suddenly find himself face to face with fastback one as suyin finally regains control . dj suyin , be you oka -- bam , now it 's dj 's turn to be hit by something . he spin ... int . dcc - continued heller watch as suyin and dj 's pulse soar into the 160s as both can be hear shout status report over the radio . DI I have be hit . I be okay ...! suyin mana - one , we be totally defensive , unknown contact ...! jonas' pulse be steady . and that 's because ... int . angel three - continued jonas make a choice . he slam the throttle forward . jonas angel two , forget about the tow . prepare for hatch - to-hatch ! ext . ocean - night angel Three plunge fearlessly through the zero visibility . ext . angel three - angel two jonas deftly roll he sub on its side , align its hatch with angel two 's hatch . jonas ( radio ) standby for docking ! the two hatches meet with a thud that reverberate into the darkness at the speed of sound . it travel out past the fastback sub , into the black , where something react to it . int . fastback one - suyin ping . suyin look down . a clear target on passive sonar . 41 . suyin ( mic ) angel Three . single target . 2000 yard . bear . right at you ! int . angel three - continued jonas power up to create a seal between hatches . jonas guy , let 's go . I be not sure we have get a lot of time . int . angel two / angel three francois and luc work fast on they end . int . dcc - continued where everyone can only listen . suyin ( radio ) angel Three , 1200 yard ... a thousand ...! int . angel two / angel three francois unseal he upper hatch and open it . after some residual water fall out , he be safe to climb through to the hatch of the angel Three . suyin ( radio ) come up on 800 yard , you need to get out of there ! as luc prep the ship for evac , he suddenly sees something out the sub window that stop he in he track ... francois come on , luc ! come on ! «+..a vague bioluminescent trail behind some otherwise invisible beast that 's come right at they . suyin ( radio ) 600 yard ... 400 yard ! luc know there 's no time . he close he hatch and -- francois no! 42 . int . angel two - now separate luc blows the lock , detach violently from angel Three . and not a moment too soon . because ... ..- bam ! angel two be smashed into oblivion by something 70 - foot long and move at more than 50 mile per hour . int . fastback one - suyin suyin feel the vibration of the terrible collision . suyin angel Three , come in ?! angel Three ... as she wait for a reply , ping ... ping ... suyin 's sonar tell she the mysterious monster be now come for she and dj . int . angel three - jonas and francois spark explode inside the main cabin as jonas and francois recover from the partial impact . the only light come intermittently from the flash red alarm blaring . jonas this be angel Three , we lose luc . you both need to power down now ! int . fastback two - dj ping ... ping .... dj realize they do not have much time . jonas ( radio ) it 's draw to energy . you need to go dark ! suyin ( radio ) -- but we will be sit duck !-- dj that 's better than dead duck ! dj 's turn off everything that send out a signal , include light . that leave only the pinging of he passive sonar , which get faster as whatever be out there close in . int . fastback one - suyin suyin now sit in the dark too . as the pinging become frantic , she stare out into the inky sea and take she hand away from the control . she brace for impact as swooooosh !! something massive hurtle just past her ... 43 . int . fastback two - dj dj feel it go by too ... then , he exhales . he 's alive . for now . but the pinging of he sonar now reveal that : dj it 's circle we . int . dcc - continued Mac and he team , desperate to help . dimitri ( mic ) use you infrared , you should be able to see and not be see . int . fastback one - suyin suyin turn on the sub 's infrared light and pull down a visor ... her Pov -- it 's similar to night vision , a world in black and green . suyin can see the distant outline of the trench wall , she can see dj 's sub , and she can see a blur of movement which leave in its wake a random trail of bioluminescence . suyin I do not think see be go to help much . any other idea , mana ? int . fastback two - dj dj , scared , have also go to infrared . the first thing he see be the shape of suyin 's abyss glider . so fish-like . dj here 's a idea . dimitri , the next time you design a sub , maybe do not make it look like the catch of the day ! then dj freeze ... he infrare Pov -- a giant squid , with a body twenty foot long and tentacles measure out to more than a hundred , be now float right in between he and suyin . dj suyin ... int . fastback one - suyin suyin turn and see the monster . they seem totally helpless against the mighty kraken , which be now advance menacingly . 44 , -- until -- wham -- the giant squid be torn in half in one violent attack by a_megaladon . quick cut between the dcc and angel three as they hear scream and want to know ... mac ( mic ) be everybody okay ? int . fastback one - suyin suyin have rip off the goggle . suyin it 's a shark . int . angel three - continued jonas hear exactly what he be hope he would not hear ... suyin ( radio ) huge. 60 foot . maybe more . jonas ( to himself ) carcharocle megaladon . int . dcc - continued everyone take a beat to process the news . suyin ( radio ) it rip a giant squid right in half . int . fastback two - dj dj be even closer to the maul . he 's actually drift through what 's leave of the squid . dj yeah . and I say we get out of here before it get get hungry again ! dj start to power up when -- jonas ( radio ) no , dj . do not . if you power on , it will come for you . you have to surface without use you engine . 45 . int . fastback one - suyin suyin shake she head to no one . suyin we be too deep , jonas . we need we engine to climb from down here . we be at zero ballast . as if to emphasize the danger , something speed by in the darkness , rocking the two fastbacks in its wake . int . angel three - jonas and francois jonas look at francois - be she right ? francois nod , yes . francois mule have standard ballast tank , but not the fastback . this deep , they have to power up -- jonas if they power up - they be fish food ! francois they be already fish food ! we need to get they off the menu ! jonas get a idea . he key the mic . jonas ( mic ) what about the thermal vent ? int . fastback one - suyin suyin understand the plan the minute she hear it ... jonas ( radio ) that upcurrent of warm water we ride down . that could carry you up a few thousand meter without you need power . int . fastback two - dj dj want to be hopeful but ... dj I do not mean to be a downer but that vent be a mile from here and I do not think paddle be a option . 46 . int . angel three - jonas and francois jonas be one step ahead of they . he turn to francois . jonas do this thing have flare ? francois why do not I like that question ? int . dcc - continued everyone , desperate for idea , when they hear jonas 's plan : jonas ( radio ) fastbacks one and two , when I tell you to , I want you to both power up and go flank speed for the vent . look be exchange . what 's jonas do ? jonas ( radio ) mana , can you give they a bear to that vent please ? fan ( mic ) 0 - 5 - 0 . quick cut between the fastbacks - dj and suyin dj and suyin be dial in 050 but -- suyin jonas , what about the shark ? int . angel three - jonas and francois jonas trim the last of the ballast trim tabs . he and francois be ready to do whatever it be they be about to do . jonas it will be pre-occupy . with we . francois ( to jonas , droll ) I just want to say this have officially stop feel like a rescue . jonas smile . francois nod back . and ... jonas now ! 47 . int . fastback one - suyin suyin can suddenly see a bloom of white as -- fwoomp ! -- the bright light of angel Three shatter the darkness like a undersea North Star . suyin be jostle by the wake of something massive overhead . it completely eclipse the angel Three , take second , that feel like minute , to pass , until even in the darkness , she make out the unmistakable shape of a enormous tail fin snap right in front of she . suyin oh my God . the invisible beast head for angel Three . suyin angel Three , it 's come to you ! jonas ( radio ) head for the vent ! go ! quick cut between the fastbacks - dj and suyin dj and suyin both power up and race for the vent . suyin Range to vent ... 1500 meter . int . angel three - jonas and francois francois and jonas can see the two abyss glider race for the vent as the bioluminescent storm that be the meg head straight for the mule . jonas that 's it . come on ... int . fastback two - dj dj peer into the darkness with he infrare visor . it 's like fly at night ... we can tell they be move very fast . suyin ( radio ) 1000 meter ! int . dcc - continued everyone be on the edge of they seat ... fan you think this will work ? Mac indicate jonas 's pulse . which be steady . 48 . mac he do . so I do too . int . angel three - jonas and francois francois be get nervous , but jonas remain calm ... suyin ( radio ) 600 meter ! int . fastback one - suyin use infrare , suyin can see the thermal vent ahead ... suyin vent in sight ! int . fastback two - dj dj see it too . then suddenly a tentacle attack he sub ... dj ahhh ... for a moment , dj think he 's squid food . he be ensnare in the angry embrace of the massive cephalopod . but then he realize this be just piece of what 's leave of that squid . suyin ( radio ) dj ? dj I be good . sub 's gonna need a wash though . suyin ( radio ) enter vent . control on ! ext . thermal vent - sea floor - night we watch as first suyin and then dj enter the plume of violent water that rocket upwards ... careful eye will see that the vent itself have be break open by the remains of a crashed unis bot . quick cut between the fastbacks - dj and suyin fight to keep they ship stabilize ... suyin keep the bubble level and watch you hull temp . 49 , dj look out the turbulent water , at the light of angel Three , and the black mass of the meg hurtle towards it . dj everything I say about that guy . I be take it back right now . int . angel three - jonas and francois jonas can almost feel the beast upon they now . jonas standby ... standby ... now ! jonas blows all the ballast tank , and francois hit the rescue flare switch . ext . angel three - continued the suddenly rise sub drop a flare , which spread like a comet tail behind they . as it do , jonas kill the sub light , so all focus be on the brilliant burn star . it drop through the inky depth . illuminate a wall fill with brightly color alga , coral , alien creature , until ... whoosh , the massive beast snatch the flare , its enormous jaw illuminate for the first time . the creature swim through its target , collide violently with the undersea mountain range like a fiery wreck ball . the sea wall that once provide shelter for francois , now reduce to rubble . int . dcc - continued on tactical : they can see angel Three rise , and ... fan fastbacks one and two be rise . they be go to make it ... zhang he do it ... he do it ... Joy begin to ripple through the dcc , and it increase ten fold when they hear jonas 's deadpan voice over the com : jonas ( radio ) mana , this be angel Three . we have blow we ballast and be rise , power off . we have lose we directional control so someone 's go to have to come meet we . 50 . mac ( mic ) ( laugh ) that can be arrange -- but suddenly the good mood sour as -- ping ... ping ... int . angel three - jonas and francois the ping be here too . the meg be come for they . francois but all the power 's off ... jonas I guess she learn that trick . jonas begin to power the sub back on . jonas we have to make flank speed for the thermocline . it can not follow we through that ! francois , you ever be shot out of a cannon ? francois right now , that actually sound like a pretty good idea . jonas shove the throttle forward . they rise like a missile . int . dcc - continued the sonar image tell the story . angel Three be rise ... the meg below close in fast ... and the thermocline loom . mac at what water temperature will that thing have to turn back ? fan I do not know . megalodon be suppose to be extinct . mac best guess then ! zhang fifty degree . angel three 's temp gauge - now at 58 , tick down to 57 ... int . angel three francois watch through the back window . so far , no meg. 51 . jonas approach thermocline . you better grab on to something . wham ! the sub be slammed by turbulence . bad turbulence . jonas if I do not slow down we might break apart ! but now francois can see the megaladon - it 's close fast . francois that 's a negative on slow down ! int . dcc - continued the good news be the temp be drop ... 54 ... 53 ... 52 ... int . angel three - continued the bad news be the beast have nearly reach they . and , to make matter worse , all kind of system alarm be fire as boom ! boom ! they continue to get hammer by turbulence . jonas we be lose the engine ! ext . angel three from outside the sub , we see the terrifying reality of just how close the meg now be to the sub . int . angel three francois 's chill Pov of the meg , only second away . alarm blaring , the sub rock , and the excruciate ascent ... francois aaaaahhhh ! !!! the meg be about to reach they when suddenly it turn back ! int . dcc - continued as we see the temperature gauge on angel Three be now at 50 ... 49 ... and they all see that the meg have turn around . mac they made it ! they made it ! 52 . int . angel three - continued jonas throttles back what 's leave of the engine , the sub literally fall to piece around he and francois . jonas angel Three , above the thermocline . request permission to never go back down there again . mac ( radio ) permission grant ! great job ! jonas and francois share a very satisfied smile . francois Nice to meet you by the way . ext . fastbacks one and two - continued the abyss glider head for the surface . as they speed off , we notice the bloody trail of squid dj 's sub be leave behind ... a trail that go down ... and down ... and eventually ... into that warm water channel through the thermocline . ext . ocean surface - day angel three burst through the surface . jonas pop the hatch , climb up and see ... nothing but ocean . jonas so much for a welcoming committee . blare ! come the sound of a ship 's horn as jonas and francois turn around to see zhang 's research vessel - the mazu -- a thousand yard away . and close . jonas now that 's more like it . the ship 's horn sound again as we ... CUT to : ext . a private BAY - hainan island - that afternoon peace and quiet in one of Hainan 's most tranquil bay . the mazu be anchore a few hundred yard off shore from the new 5 - STAR '' mana resort and spa '' . the place be a few month from open , but Morris 's crown jewel be fully build , with a skeleton staff be put it through its pace . 53 . int . beach bungalow guest room - shower - day jonas enjoy a hot shower . he 's clean up , and he 's try to psychologically decompress from what 's just happen . he turn off the water and just stand there , breathe . ext / int . beach bungalow - continued a knock and jonas 's unlock door swing open . suyin and meiying be there . meiy hold something in she hand . suyin jonas ? jonas ? jonas - have not hear they - step out from he bathroom . luckily , he 's in a towel . suyin and jonas oh , excuse I ... sorry , I do not know ... meiy burst out laugh . and , as jonas retreat to quickly pull on some clothes out of they line of sight , he begin to laugh too - because meiy 's glee be infectious . jonas ( call ) she kill I , you know that ? suyin ( call back ) tell I about it . say no to she be almost impossible . jonas return , dress and smile . be this the first time suyin have allow herself to realize he 's handsome ? she 's suddenly very aware . luckily , she daughter to the rescue . meiying this be for you ... meiy hand he the somewhat crudely wrap blob . it 's a dolphin charm make of ... jonas titanium . suyin the dolphin be the symbol of the Zhang family . they be also know to save people ... from shark . meiy reveal that she wear a match , smaller , version of the charm around she neck . jonas be very touch . 54 . jonas thank you . suyin no , thank you . meiy begin to tug on she mom , want she to ask jonas something , but suyin have she own think to finish first . suyin I be hard on you . I do not treat you with the respect you deserve -- jonas forget about it -- suyin youssave we life . her sincerity make he uncomfortable . the intimacy of it . he shrug it off but -- suyin jonas . thank you . he nod . you be welcome . now , meiy 's tug reach a fever pitch . jonas whatever it be , she 's not give up . suyin stop she daughter with a look . then ... suyin meiy want I to ask you to join we for tea . it 's another family tradition . we share tea every time I be back from a dive . meiying only she miss it last time because she be in that stupid decompression tank . jonas laugh at meiy yet again . but then he see something through the doorway behind they . it 's mac and zhang walk a main building of the resort . jonas I would like to , but actually I have to talk to Mac about get back to the mainland . that word sting suyin in a way she have not expect . 55 . suyin you be leave ? right . of course . jonas now that everyone 's safe ... I expect you father have a full plate without I to worry about . suyin hide she disappointment . meiy do not . int . conference room - resort - day a room with a view of the Pacific . right now it host a intense discussion between Zhang , Morris , heller , and Mac . morris .-. I be not say what happen be not a tragedy , I just want to set that aside long enough to talk about what we find down there and what it mean for the future . because the choice we make between now and when you announce what happen could mean billion of dollar of add value . reveal - jonas , outside , listen and think that -- ext / int . the resort 's OPEN - AIR restaurant - day jonas find suyin and meiy have set up tea at a table along the water 's edge . jonas -- on second think , tea sound great . meiy clap . meiying okay , sit here ... and do exactly as I say ... jonas ( laugh , to suyin ) Apple do not fall from the tree . suyin blushes . back to -- int . conference room - resort - sunset a pictorial of the ocean be unfurl . it depict the sea see from the side , so be all about the various depth . 56 . zhang in general , the deeper you go , the further you get from the sun , the colder the ocean get . morris but where we dove today , at the very bottom , that water be warm . Zhang indicate ' sire 's void 's - the vast basin of the marianas trench - a area more than 1,000 mile long . the chart bottom ... zhang yes , a portion of the deep ocean be heat by volcanic vent . in this area , as you get away from the heat source , so in this case as you rise , the water get colder . make it clear . the water go from warm at the get cold as it rise away from the heat source ... zhang the coldest water be always here in the thermocline . this water be too cold to support any life . heller so whatever life above , stay above . and whatever life below , stay below . zhang give that we have never explore sire 's void , and give we have encounter at least one species , the megaladon , heretofore think extinct , I think the odd be there be a entire ecosystem down there that have remain untouched for million of year . morris ( thrilled ) meaning we be sit on top of we very own jurassic sea ! intercut -- the resort 's OPEN - AIR restaurant - sunset meiy be show jonas the proper way to hold he tea cup , and jonas be purposely get it wrong to make she laugh . meiying he 's funny ! 57 . jonas yeah . funny look . suyin do you have child , jonas ? jonas no . when I be in the navy , my wife and I keep put it off ... then after we get divorced , I focus all my energy on ... suyin prove you be not crazy . meiying see , I tell you she say you be crazy ! that get more laugh . but then , as kid often do , meiy suddenly realize something and get sad . meiying wait . do that mean you do not have a family ? jonas shake he head , he do not . fan get room for we ? fan arrive , with dimitri and dj . francois be close behind . suyin the more the merrier . dimitri , since when do you drink tea ? dimitri ( nod to fan ) since she make I . that get a good laugh . dimitri frown . dimitri I be not joke . that get a bigger laugh . back to -- int . conference room - resort - sunset where Morris be act like they have just strike gold . 58 . morris why be I the only one excited here ? I be no Marine biologist , but even I remember the prehistoric ocean be fill will all sort of amazing creature . mac include one that just kill three of we people . morris again , I be not discount that ... mac that 's exactly what you be do ... zhang speculation be dangerous , Ms. Morris . only one thing be clear : we have find something very special , so we must proceed with caution . I be afraid we plan to commercialize the mana - one must be put on indefinite hold . morris you can not be serious ... zhang the platform be locate directly above this new world ... morris which mean we should double its size . then build a second one -- zhang this be not about attract visitor . it 's about make sure we protect the ecosystem . morris if that thing have be down there for 200 million year , I think they ecosystem can handle it - zhang I be talk about we ecosystem . ( it hang there a beat ) the world we live in , a world whose entire balance of life would shift violently if even one pre-historic creature find its way up here . 59 . intercut -- the resort 's OPEN - AIR restaurant - sunset where everyone be laugh now - relieved - let go of some of the tension . dj raise he tea . dj I would like to propose a toast . to jonas . all to jonas . jonas wait ... ( raise he ) to junjie , Carl , and luc . if jonas be not a full - member of the team , then that gesture put he over the top . it 's meet with nod and teary eye . they drink , and then after they put they cup down all eye turn to francois . fan so , francois . you get anything stronger than tea in you bungalow ? francois why be it the frenchman who always have to have the wine ? ( beat , a grin ) I ' 1l be right back ... suyin and jonas exchange a smile . a smile that linger . a smile that keep they focus on each other even as we begin to hear the sound of a skiff 's engine racing into the bay . meiying there 's something out there ... back to -- int . conference room - resort - sunset Morris look at Zhang and the rest . morris Dr. Zhang , you be a brilliant man . but if you think you can control what 's about to happen , you be , forgive I , very naive . before today , you platform be a specialty attraction . but when the world hear what you find , it be go to be the most desire destination on Earth . every child ( more ) 60 . morris ( cont 'd ) on the planet will want to come here . every parent will make it a priority . this resort , and every resort within 500 mile will devote themselves to what 's down there . whether we like that or not -- Morris stop as suddenly the door be throw open . suyin , breathless from run , be there . suyin Dr. heller ! int . resort 's beach - sunset / night suyin and heller race down to the water 's edge - ( Mac , Zhang , and Morris close behind ) . they find the rest of the team have encircle a fishing boat 's skiff , whose pilot have drive it right up on the sand . then they see why : a second man - lie unconscious and bleed on the sand . heller ( quickly go to work ) he 's in shock and suffer from severe hypothermia . we need to get he to a hospital , right away --. fan we call for a ambulance . heller good , in the meantime , you can help I make sure he do not lose any more blood . as fan join heller in bandage the seemingly endless number cut on the man 's body , Mac ask the big question . mac what happen ? the skiff 's Pilot answer in mandarin . suyin ( translating ) his ship be fishing when they hear a crash . they turn and see they sister ship have be smashed . not a explosion , just smashed . by the time they get over to the wreckage , this man be the only one in the water . the other have vanish . 61 . the ambulance have arrive . paramedics come racing over with a stretcher . heller supervise as they take the patient to the ambulance ... skiff pilot ( in break English ) Sea monster . he say - a Sea monster attack he ship . as the entire team exchange glance we ... CUT to : ext . a private BAY - hainan island - night the mazu 's anchor clear the surface , and the boat pivot until it be point out sea . then its mighty engine roar to life - and the mazu head out into the darkness . ext . ocean - night even with dj and suyin 's abyss glider in tow , the mazu can go as fast as 30 knot , its bow pierce the dark water ... ext . mazu - night jonas be up near the bow rail , look out into night , wonder ... shake he head as Mac look on . jonas if that thing follow we ... if it 's up here somehow ... mac if be the key word . jonas he call it a sea monster , Mac . all he life he 's work the ocean , and he call it a sea monster ... as if on cue the mazu 's engine grow quiet and the ship decelerate ... now we see why because they be drift through float wooden debris ... a whole field of it . jonas ( droll ) you think a great white do this ? mac I think we be about to find out . jonas how ? 62 . off Mac 's look ... a series of quick intercut shot : int . dive prep room - the mazu Close on fan pull on a wet suit . dimitri zip she up . int . the bridge - the mazu jonas look at Zhang and Morris . he 's back by dj and francois . suyin somewhere in the middle . jonas tell I this be a joke ... int . dive prep room - the mazu fan , now fully suite up , check the action on a carbon fiber spear gun that be as light - weight as it be bad - ass look . int . the bridge - the mazu jonas , continue he rant . jonas ( cont 'd ) ... tell I we be not seriously consider do this ... ext . dive prep room - the mazu dimitri be fill spear -tip ( round for the spear gun ) with liquid etorphine from glass medical bottle . dimitri a elephant be knock out with 10 cc 's - so 100 ? fan ( not mess around ) use the whole damn bottle . int . the bridge - the mazu jonas shake he head . jonas ( cont 'd ) -..- because unless I miss something , this be insane . all eye turn to Zhang . Zhang look at fan and dimitri . 63 . fan ( disagree forcefully ) if the meg follow dj 's trail up through the thermocline , then we can not let it get away . we know it like electromagnetic energy - that mean dimitri 's cage will draw it in like a moth to flame ... jonas .+- do you just compare that thing to a moth ? this be madness ... morris .-- actually madness , if I understand Dr. Zhang correctly , would be to let this creature roam off towards the fishing fleet . that boat would not stand a chance . jonas ( glare at Morris ) a capture meg would make for great advertising , be that it ? Zhang have hear enough . zhang we can not avoid the truth , no matter how unpleasant . if there be a megaladon here , if we leave it free to feed and mate , then we would be responsible for the worst ecological disaster in history . we , who have give we life to protect this ocean . ( he look at dimitri ) be you sure you cage will hold ? dimitri math never lie . the megaladon could be the size of this ship , the cage will not break . fan I nil bet my life on it . she take dimitri 's hand . squeeze it . 64 . ext . mazu - aft-deck there be two key feature to the back of the mazu : one be a small helipad . the other be a pair of massive rigging crane . and it be from one of that crane 's that -- --dimitri 's dive cylinder be now suspend . the dive cylinder be a wonder . a ten foot - tall tube , make of selexis , a clear material , plastic in appearance , that be the strongest man -made material in history . the cylinder have no corner , no weak point , and be large enough to hold several diver , though only fan will be go down in it this time . opening cut in the center and the top of the structure be too small for a shark to get through , but large enough for fan to use as murder hole for she spear gun . int . dive cylinder - continued Mac operate the crane , lower the dive cylinder into the water , stop when it be half submerge to allow fan , fully - suite up , to climb inside . dimitri lean over the top , hand fan she spear gun . fan cock it with confidence . dimitri stare at she . dimitri be it weird that I be a little turn on ? fan by the sight of you girlfriend hold a high -velocity spear gun ? yes , it 's a little weird . dimitri ( smile ) you have never use the word girlfriend before . fan please put I in the water . dimitri smile , shut the top , and nod to Mac ... ext . mazu - aft - deck - continued Mac pull a lever and the dive cylinder sink into the sea . Water flood the interior through the opening in the center and top of the chamber . among that watch the ' launch 's be jonas . he shake he head , worried . 65 . dimitri jonas , I be tell you . the cage will not break . we begin to hear the sound of a approaching helicopter . jonas turn to suyin -- what give ? suyin I tell father if we be go shark hunt then he need to evacuate all non-essential personnel to Hainan . include ... meiy , who be stand with Zhang , arm cross . visibly upset at she mother . int . dive cylinder - now underwater the cylinder drop quickly . the invisible wall create a astonish visual , as if fan be stand underwater . light snap on and the external cameras position themselves . int . dive room - mazu - continued just inside the aft deck , the ship 's dive room be not as fancy as the one on the mana one . there 's a bank of SMALL tv monitor show fan and various cameras 's pove . there 's a sonar screen . crane / winch control . and a mic . mac ( mic ) Radio check . he look at the monitor as fan give he a thumb up . mac ( mic ) okay , take you down to 100 meter . ext . mazu - aft - deck - continued the whine of the winch lowering the dive cylinder be no match for the roar of the helicopter engine . non-essential personnel be climb aboard the chopper . then only meiying be leave to get on -board . suyin ( over the noise ) I love you . I / x11 see you soon . meiy turn to the helicopter but then ... run away ! suyin meiying ! 66 . meiy disappear into the ship . suyin go after she . morris ( to Zhang ) do you want they to wait ? zhang ( shake he head no ) we will put she on the next one . Morris nods to the pilot . the helicopter lift off . int . dive cylinder - 100m below the surface - night the dive cylinder stop at 100 m below the surface . the water surround it now a deep rich black . fan turn to a small control BOX - we see a series of switch mark '' electrical repellent field '' . click - click - click . she turn the field on . for a instant we see a tesla-coil like electrical charge shoot through the clear material . int . dive room - mazu - continued the entire team stand behind Mac , watch the monitor . mac okay , if that thing like power , she just become the equivalent of a T - bone steak . jonas shake he head . that 's not a good thing . int . dive cylinder - 100m below the surface - night fan be Pov - nothing but deep , dark blue in every direction . we hear she breathe , she 's try to stay calm ... but when all you see be dark blue , when you be waiting for something to appear , it be hard to stay calm . be that something ...? no ... what about that ? no ... a 12 - Foot great white pass over she head . she gasp ! int . dive room - mazu - continued the great White be visible on the monitor and the sonar . heller here come a second one ... they can see the shark on the sonar , sometimes before they see they on the camera ... 67 . francois and a third ... dj we have get ourselves a party . int . dive cylinder - 100m below the surface - night drawn by the bait fish dangle off the rigging at the top of the cylinder , the great white continue to increase in number . fan try to keep they all in sight as ... nudge ... zap ! the first of the shark grab for a meal and find out that the selexis be electrified ! the shark recoil as the cylinder rock back and forth from the attempt . a second shark and then a third try they luck , but they meet the same painful fate . fan 's cylinder be sway back and forth but she 's loving it , laugh , like she 's on a amusement park ride . everywhere she look she see great whites , all of they amazing . none of they what she 's hope to see . and then , as she do a complete 360 turn in the cylinder , she begin to notice something : the great whites be vanish . int . dive room - mazu - continued they retreat of be even more obvious on sonar ... morris they be get frustrated . zhang no . the only thing that can chase off a shark be ... a larger shark . ping ... ping ... there , on the sonar , we now see a shape four time larger than all the other shape . francois it 's the meg . jonas get she out of there . ping ... ping ... it 's like watch a train come at someone . 68 . mac ( mic , calmly ) fan , here we go . at you six . int . dive cylinder - 100m below the surface - night fan turn inside the cylinder to the direction Mac tell she . she hold the spear gun tightly . eerie silence . her breathe the only sound besides Mac 's voice . mac ( radio , calm ) I 'il count it down for you ... fan' Pov - as she prepare to see the monster ... mac ( radio , calm ) five ... four ... fan be Pov - spear gun ready ... mac ( radio , calm ) Three ... two ... fan 's Pov - where be it !? mac ( radio , calm ) one ... and ... fan' Pov - she see nothing . suddenly , she look down as wham ! the meg , which have be swim deeper than she expect , slam into the dive cylinder from below ! the impact be massive . spark fly ! fan be toss across the cylinder , knock senseless . she recover , try to relocate the meg . this time it come from directly in front . bam ! bam ! the meg slide across the cylinder , impervious to the electricity . now we see it light up in all its glory . a massive 35 - foot wall of destruction . smash ! it knock the cylinder completely horizontal ! int . dive room - mazu - continued watch the monitor be disorient , because everything be be knock around . Mac and the other see glimpse of fan ... and then part of the meg ... 69 . jonas ( loud ) come on , this be crazy , get she out of there ! dimitri ( louder ) the cage - will - not - break ! int . dive cylinder - 100m below the surface - night fan steady herself amidst the bashing and the swaying . she raise the spear gun and fire off the perfect shot ! the dart reach the dorsal fin , but bounce off harmlessly ! the meg 's skin just too tough to penetrate . the meg seem to take the shot personally because it come at fan more aggressively than ever - hitting the cylinder and scraping along it , create a dazzle display of electric fire , before disappear into the void once again . fan have a moment to reload . int . dive room - mazu - continued they realize she fire ... zhang ( mic ) fan , do you hit it ? fan raise she hand - fist close . mac miss . int . dive cylinder - 100m below the surface - night fan float , wait , search the blue for what seem like a eternity . then the meg pounce from the shadow ... but this time with its jaw OPEN wide - so wide that they chomp down on the cylinder - like a dog on a chew toy . the meg tug and pull the cylinder back and forth , as if try to free the ' toy 's from some imaginary ' master 's hand 's blam ! blam ! blam ! there go all but one of the camera . int . dive room - mazu - continued grrrrrrriiiiiiinnnnnndddddd .... what 's that sound ? jonas and dimitri race back outside . 70 . ext . mazu - aft - deck - continued what they see boggle they mind . that grriiinnnddd be the sound of the dive cable forcibly unspooling from its massive reel . the meg be pull the dive cylinder deeper a few foot at a time . but that 's not the problem . the problem be ... creak . all that tension be put a strain on the reel and crane . dimitri and jonas both see it . dimitri go pale . jonas you be right - the cage will not break ... the crane will ! on jonas as he get a idea and go racing off , leave dimitri , who be now panic and run back inside ... dimitri we have to get she out of there ! int . dive cylinder - 100m below the surface - night the massive jaw surround fan , desperately try to snap she up . the dive cylinder deform under the pressure , but do not break , and it rebound to its normal shape any time the meg loosen its grip . slam - slam - slam - slam - the meg resume yanking it back and forth , drag it further and further down . somehow fan , who be be bounce around like a pinball , notice that there be less scaly armor on the underside of the meg . she aim for what be a impossible shot ... pfffft .... it 's a hit ! right between the pectoral fin ! fan let 's out a celebratory yell that no one hear as the meg yank her cylinder down harder than ever ! ext . mazu - aft - deck - continued snap ! snap ! the bolt at the base of the crane be literally be pull from the deck . and then , there be one final sharp SNAP ...! int . dive cylinder - 100m below the surface - night ... a SNAP that coincide with the meg 's sudden retreat . for a moment , fan be about to celebrate . then she look up towards the moonlit surface above she ... 71 . at first she see a shadow , then she be able to make out the massive crane arm hurtle towards she . the meg have rip it off the deck . the arm will drag she to the bottom of the ocean , so she do the only thing she can , she open the escape hatch on top of the dive cylinder ... and she 's just clear of it when it 's dragge down into the darkness ... fan find herself float , totally unprotect , 300 foot below the surface . it do not get much scarier than that . int . dive room - mazu - continued the one camera still work on the cage show a view of fan above ... and fan 's camera show just how expose she be . mac she blow the hatch ! she 's in the water ! she 's in the water ! ext . mazu - continued rrrreeevvvwv . that 's the sound of dimitri fire up a zodiac he 's launch off the far side of the ship . francois hang on ... francois come leaping into the Zodiac , man the control . francois I all drive , you grab she . he shove the dual throttles forward to the stop . ext . ocean - 75 meter down fan kick for the moonlit surface , still a long way to go . beneath she , in the dark , we see occasional burst of electricity as the meg continue to attack the dive cylinder . there be a real rhythm to meg 's strike . we see light then dark . light then dark . but then light stop ... ext . ocean - 300 meter down we see the dive cylinder now in free-fall . the meg have abandoned it . no longer interested in the ' toy 's ... meg' Pov there 's something tastier high up above . 72 . ext . ocean - fan 's Pov - 20 meter down she 's breathe heavy . the promise of the surface so close ! ext . ocean - meg 's Pov the move figure of fan be get larger . ext . ocean - night fan explode onto the surface , spit out she regulator , scream for help . ext . ocean - meg 's Pov all it see be fan now . this be go to be delicious ... .-.- then something come plow through frame from leave to right ... ...we know it 's the zodiac . but all the meg know be once this thing have pass ... fan have vanish . ext . ocean - on the zodiac - night fan be cough and breathless in dimitri 's arm . fan I get the shot ... francois , piloting they back to the mazu at full throttle , shake he head in amazement . dimitri look into fan 's eye . dimitri of course you do . because you be the most bad - ass woman -- -- dimitri do not get to finish that lovely think because suddenly all of they be flying out of control in the AIR ... .+.. thrown far from the zodiac - which be also hurtling through the sky - end over end . ext . aft deck - the mazu Mac , Zhang and the other look on helplessly as the meg have smashed the Zodiac and now have three meal to choose from . ext . ocean - continued francois be close to the Zodiac , which have settle in the water upside down , so he swim for it while dimitri and fan race towards the mazu. 73 . francois reach the Zodiac and be about to climb on board when something knock he from below - send he back across the surface about ten foot . francois 's face wrinkle . he 's in pain , but still mobile . he swim for the Zodiac and as he 's about to climb on -- he’s knocked back again . francois be you play with I ?! be that it ?! he swim for the Zodiac a third time and make it ! ext . ocean - on the over -turn zodiac - night francois collapse flat on he back . safe for the moment . still water . the only noise - he own heavy breathe . and then we hear the unmistakable sound of rush water . francois 's heavy breathe turn to laughter , as he take a moment , and enjoy the full moon as it hang low in the sky . francois I hope I give you indigestion . whoooommmmmpppp - in a blur , the massive jaw of the meg break the surface . the meg clamp down . the pressurized Air in the zodiac explode and francois 's blood spray across the blue sky before raining down like a fine mist . ext . mazu - port deck suyin prepare to lower another Zodiac . dj see that . dj suyin , that 's suicide . suyin yeah . now be you go to help or what ?! dj nod . of course he 's go to help . ext . ocean - night dimitri and fan keep swim . even after the echo of francois 's scream fade . then they hear it ... like a jet engine rip across the water . it 's the dorsal fin of the meg. just barely break the surface , but 74 . leave a tremendous wake behind it , create the visual effect of a giant invisible monster come right for they . dimitri ( stop swim ) you know that joke , you do not have to be faster than the shark , you just have to be faster than I ? but fan can tell even if dimitri sacrifice himself first , it will not make a difference . so she stop too . fan he get you , then he get I . let he get we together . they embrace , at least they wont die alone . fan I might love you . dimitri I will take it . the sound of that dorsal be as loud as a jet- engine on take - off now . it 's about to reach they ... ext . ocean - below the surface - same we see the meg open its jaw , about to bite when ... whiiiishhhhhh thhhuuuuuud ! some kind of projectile on a chain slam into the meg 's side ! reveal -- int . fastback one - jonas jonas , in suyin 's abyss glider , have fire the port horizontal anchor ( that we see suyin and dj use earlier ) into the meg . jonas then invert he abyss glider upside down ... ext . ocean - below the surface same .»+- so that now the right ' wing 's have a shot . he fire a second anchor into the beast 's side . this be fatal wound . but not instantaneously fatal . and as the abyss glider and the shark be now link twice , it mean jonas be about to be in for a wild ride . we see the shark turn and twist ... int . fastback one - jonas jonas brace himself as the anchor chain go taut . 75 . jonas this be gonna hurt -- whirl -spin - smash -bang ! the abyss glider be violently accelerate and decelerate in every direction . it 's like be on a roller coaster and the bumper car at the same time . with a touch of bull rider . ext . ocean - same the good news be dj and suyin , in they Zodiac , reach dimitri and fan and pull they from the water . fan what happen ? suyin ( indicate the ocean ) jonas . from the surface , they can see glimpse - through the dark ocean water - of the violent ballet below . the bloody meg twist and turn . and the abyss glider at its mercy . int . fastback one - jonas jonas , totally disorient , blow the emergency ballast tank just as he 's thrown from he seat when he harness break . his head smashes against the cockpit . knock he out cold . CUT to black : int . ship 's infirmary - mazu - night a light shine into ' we eye 's . Dr. heller be the source of it ... we be ... jonas ( weakly ) hey . jonas rest on a bed , nursing the world 's worst headache . meiying hold he hand for comfort . suyin be with she , and mac lurk unseen by jonas off to the side , worried . jonas ( cont 'd ) how long be I out , Doc ? heller a few minute . hopefully , it 's just a concussion , but we be go to run a battery of test once we get you back to the mana one. 76 . now jonas see mac . make eye contact with he friend . jonas Doc , I think I be hallucinate . I see a monster behind you ... meiy start to cackle . mac okay , he 's fine . Mac give jonas , ' I be glad you be okay 's nod , before disappear off screen . jonas turn to suyin : jonas what happen to the meg ? ext . aft deck - the mazu - sunrise the mazu 's remain crane arm be hoisting the dead meg out of the water by its tail as dj , fan , and morris look on . morris it 's spectacular ... int . conference room - mazu - continued Mac see the meg come up and then look away , look back to where dimitri be show zhang photograph of the smashed unis bot that be partially wedge into the thermal vent . zhang so we be the reason it could get through the thermocline . dimitri nod . dimitri base on where we bot be place , I would say that 's bot 14 . mac whacked into the side of that vent like a tennis ball . dimitri not a tennis ball , a thumb . ( Mac do not understand ) the bot 's partially obstruct the flow of hot water out the vent - like a thumb over a garden hose - increase the power of the water that do jet out ... 77 . zhang ... creating a warm water hole up through the thermocline . a hole we be go to have to close . dimitri as soon as we get back to the mana - one , I can have the bot self - destruct via remote . ext . aft deck - the mazu - sunrise all 35 - foot of the meg be now out of the water . its tail high in the air . its once fearsome jaw now hover a few foot above the water . dj and fan sit side - by-side on fold chair , just stare at the beast . the reverent silence be break by ... morris will one of you take my picture ? she hold out she camera phone . be she for real ? finally , fan relent . morris either of you want to join I ? fan I just have a meet and greet with that thing 's digestive tract , so I be go to skip the photo op . click - fan take the shot . she hand Morris she camera phone back . Morris realize she may seem a tad insensitive . morris it 's be a emotional day . but I want you both to remember , what you have do here be unprecedented . you be part of something truly historic . Morris walk back inside the ship . once she 's go -- fan be it just I , or be there actual dollar sign in she eye ? fan chuckle . dj be stoic . fan ( cont 'd ) '' hey guy , how long do you think it would it take to train a megaladon ( more ) 78 . fan ( cont 'd ) to do water ballet '' ( shake she head ) I swear , if she come back with a saddle , I be go home . dj nod vacantly . not really listen to she . fan ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong ? dj nothing . fan remember the last time we play poker ? remember what happen ? dj people focus too much on result ... fan I clean you out . because you have the world 's worst poker face . now what be wrong ? dj ( beat ) that 's not the same meg . intercut - int . ship 's infirmary - mazu - day where jonas have just tell suyin a similar think . suyin what do you mean , that 's not the same meg ? jonas try to sit up , but he 's too dizzy . jonas how big be it ? thirty foot ? suyin thirty -five . jonas the one we see below . the one that kill junjie , Carl , and luc . it be twice that size . you say so yourself . 79 . suyin you think there be two meg ? my father be surprised even one follow dj 's trail because -- jonas ( a step ahead of she ) -- because shark be territorial , he 's right . assume meg behave like other shark , it should have stay down there . unless ... ( she wait for it ) mature shark do not go explore new ground , they stay where they know the food be . juvenile on the other hand ... on suyin - as she grasp the meaning of what jonas be say . ext . aft deck - the mazu - moment later dj and fan continue to debate . dj fan , I be tell you , it do not look bigger , it be bigger ... fan and dj , I be tell you , as someone who curl up inside that thing 's mouth , I can say with all confidence , that be the meg. suyin arrive and head straight for the meg . dj suyin , settle something for we ... but suyin do not even acknowledge they , she 's so focus on raiding a supply chest - grab a harness , a blowtorch , and some eye protection . fan suyin ? suyin climb halfway up the crane , attaches she harness , then repel down the side of the meg . she reach into the mouth , grab on , and then pull herself up and inside the carcass . int . meg 's mouth / ext . mazu - continued the darkness disappear as suyin spark up she blowtorch . 80 . ext . aft deck - the mazu - continued suyin 's operation attract the attention of morris , who come run back in -- morris whoa , whoa , whoa , what be you do ? we be go to want that thing to look perfect ! slide - that 's the sound that a meg 's tooth , now liberated from the jaw , make as it skid across the deck and stop at fan' feet . as fan bend down to pick it up ... ...- suyin push off the side of the shark , swing out over the ocean , and then back towards the deck . she release the harness and land in a trot towards she friend as morris , annoyed , rush over to the meg to inspect the damage . morris ( cont 'd ) what be you think ?! fan now have the tooth in she hand . she use the ruler on she iphone to measure the size . then she face go pale . she look at suyin . suyin nod . fan ( realize ) this be a baby . suyin and the one below , be not . so ... the woman exchange a look . fan almost dizzy from the news . dj can one of you translate please ? suyin this megaladon 's tooth be 8 cm . 8 cm mean this monster be actually just a kid . maybe 6 month old . fan and while shark be not very loving , mother usually stay close to they offspring for the first year . morris , who be right at the ship 's edge , and have be mourn the damage do to she prize , suddenly brightens like it 's Christmas morning . 81 . morris ( excited ) wait be you say there 's a bigger meg ? the answer -- come in horrifying scale and violence . as suddenly the ocean behind the mazu explode . the ' momma 's megaladon come fly out of the water at a sideways angle . she 's so massive that she arrival block out the SUN , eclipsing the mazu , as she mighty jaw snatch the smaller meg that be once she child but be now she meal . morris 's Pov -- all she see be shark . it would be she dream come true except for the fact that -- thoomp ! the meg take Morris with it as it disappear into the sea ! but not before ... smash ...! its massive tail crash through the aft deck of the mazu with such force that the ship pitch nose up into the AIR before slamming back down . dj Pov - for a moment - thing be disorienting . there 's no SOUND , vision be blurry ... then , when the SOUND come back it 's filled with deafening siren . and when vision be restore , we see part of the aft deck be go completely . fan and suyin , both have nearly fall into the sea , regain they foot . fan look around for Morris . fan be she ...? suyin shake she head . Morris be go . and the ship be start to sink . the two woman collect dj , who can only process what 's happen though gallow humor . dj that settles the bigger meg debate . int . ship 's infirmary - mazu - moment later jonas , have be toss like a rag doll get to he foot . jonas ( to meiy ) be you okay ? meiying what 's happen ?! jonas we have gotta get out of here . 82 . int . corridor - engine level - continued mac run through a gauntlet of flashing light towards the engine room . he run into dimitri , who be just come from there . they have to yell over the siren to be hear . dimitri the prop be gone , both engine be blown and we 've got no rudder ! mac now come the part where you tell I you can fix it so you look like a hero ! dimitri the only place this ship be go - be down - and fast . int . MAIN stairwell - corridor - second level - mazu jonas and meiy run into dj , fan and ... meiying mommy ! suyin embrace she daughter as mac and dimitri run up . jonas how bad be it ? Mac shake he head . we be go down . off they look : mac it 's not all bad news . since we already take off non-essential personnel , we have enough Zodiac for all of we . dj Zodiac ?! with that thing out there , be you nut ? fan we still have the two sub . dimitri ( shake he head ) lose they with the aft deck . jonas we need that helicopter . zhang arrive as if on cue , and he have good news . 83. zhang I already radioe they . they be three minute out . finally , a break . int . mazu - the hatch to the helipad - minute later - day the entire group wait at the threshold of the hatch that lead outside to the helipad . the mazu be now listing 15 degree to starboard . and the helicopter , which they can see approach , have wheel for landing gear . this mean : mac we be list too much for they to land safely . they be go to have to use the basket - take we up one at time . jonas how long will that take ?! Mac look jonas - hopefully not too long . int . the helicopter - circle in the belly of the helicopter , the co- pilot finish rigging a rescue basket to the winch . he nod to the third airman , it 's ready . the third airman slide the side door OPEN . now it 's incredibly loud in here . the third airman and the CO - pilot push the basket out . it fall a few foot before the rope catch . then the co- pilot turn on the winch . the line unspool and the basket drop slowly ... int . mazu - the hatch to the helipad - continued jonas can see the basket now ... jonas okay , it 's come . suyin , hold meiy , will go first . as they wait next to jonas , he can tell the little girl be terrify . jonas have you get you dolphin on ? ( off she nod ) then you be go to be okay . meiying jonas , you know that 's just a superstition , right ? 84 . he laugh . smile at she . then motion they to wait a few more second . they watch the basket - get closer . ext . ocean - below the surface meg 's Pov - from down here the sky look white . and we can see the dark shape of the mazu , which be too big to eat ... then there be the helicopter which be too high in the sky ... but then there be that basket , dangle there , like a treat . int . helicopter - continued the third airmen , look down , judge the distance from the basket to the deck . it 's nearly there . third airmen look good ... he turn back for a moment , so he do not see what we see ... in slow motion —- with only selected sound piercing the silence ... the meg be come straight at the surface , about to breach . ext . helipad - slow motion - silence - continued jonas be outside with suyin and meiy when they see the meg soaring into the sky . we first look at the beast in all its impossible glory . 70 foot long and 100 ton - yet it arc through the air gracefully to snatch the basket . jonas -- turn and grab suyin / meiy . we hear he ' get back !!' as he drive they inside the ship while ... behind jonas -- the meg pivot around its meal , its head turn back seaward as its tail carry on towards the sky . int . helicopter - slow motion - silence - continued we hear , distant and hollow , the sound of the pilot scream to no one . ' power !... power !... power ...! 's ext . mazu / ocean - slow motion - silence - continued the meg , basket in mouth , begin to drag the helicopter down . but then we hear a snap as , thankfully , the line break . and the plunging helicopter arrest its fatal descent . int . helicopter - slow motion - silence - continued the pilot break into a smile . we hear the joy in he distant , hollow sounding voice - '' '' we 're gonna make it ! '' ... 85 . then the meg's tail rise into frame outside the cockpit . pilot oh sh -- ext . mazu / ocean - resume full speed smash ! the tail of the meg slam into the helicopter , send the helicopter careen into the mazu . int . mazu - just inside the hatch to the helipad jonas pull the hatch shut as -- ba-blam ! -- the helicopter explode with tremendous force and a noise so deafen that , after it 's over , we group be surprised to be unhurt . ext . helipad - moment later jonas open the hatch to see if there be any survivor . but the deck be just fill with burn debris . jonas ( long beat , to Mac ) how many Zodiac do we have ? CUT to : ext . mazu / ocean - wide shot - day the mazu be list badly , soon it will roll over . ext . mazu - starboard side - day three empty zodiac float , tie to the deck . two be full - size . one be smaller . as everyone prepare to board , mac raise a pair of binocular / laser ranger finder to he eye . mac be Pov - through the range finger the mana - one look huge at this magnification . and the distance , per the little red digital read out , be ... mac 1 and 1 / 4 mile . dimitri so about five minute . look be exchange among the group . that 's not a lot of time . and yet , why do it feel like a eternity ? jonas do anyone see the meg? 86 . zhang look at he watch , he have set he timer . zhang not for almost seven minute now . it 's now or never . the group jump in quickly ... boat 1 - have dj , mac , and fan boat 2 - have jonas , suyin , meiying and zhang boat 3 - ( the smaller one ) - have dimitri and heller . before they fire up they engine , Zhang remind they : zhang predatory instinct be to look for the weak link . if we stay together , we have a better chance of all of we make it . ( exhales ) I just want to say ... ..- but word fail he then . he feel responsible for every person out here and that be weigh on he . mac you can finish that on the platform . because we be all make it and that 's a order . suyin ( scan the horizon ) look clear . Three boat , nine people , eighteen eye all search for the 70 - foot beast . but the ocean be calm . they have a chance . --sfx : engine and wind ext . ocean - moment later the three zodiac bound across the sea . at this speed , the wind , engine , and sea spray combine in a sensory overload . the boat stay close together . the three pilot : jonas , dimitri , and mac do a excellent job stay in formation . various Pov 's - of the water everyone have a moment where they think they see it . there , off to the leave ... no , behind we on the right ... a pass clump of seaweed nearly give dj a heart -attack . 87 . but the truth be -- there be no sign of the meg. quick cut - close - ups jonas keep he eye fix on the mana - one . suyin hold meiying close . zhang whisper a prayer . the seas be clear . mac scan the horizon , dj eye the floor . fan look two boat across at dimitri . the seas still clear dimitri eye the gauge . and heller ... heller allow himself the first hint of a smile ... dj -- there it be ! there Pov a massive dorsal fin be circle the sink mazu about 1 / 2 mile behind they . they all watch as the dorsal fin move languidly , in profile , perpendicular to the Zodiac , seemingly disinterested . and for a moment , it really seem as if the meg do not care about they . but then the dorsal fin turn straight for they . a wake grow as the meg accelerate , and the fin sink low in the water as its speed build . jonas ( call to other boat ) stay together ! the meg 's speed be breath-take . it become clear ... zhang it 's go to reach we before we make it to the platform . ext . ocean - behind the zodiac speed along with the meg as it close in fast . int . zodiac one - dj , fan , and mac dj see that the meg be angle for they boat or suy . 88 . dj mac ! mac I ’m go as fast as I can ! jonas ( 0.s. ) ( distant , faint ) stay together ... int . zodiac three - heller and dimitri heller watch , horrify , as it become clear the meg be go to take down one of the other two boat . dimitri ( not aware of that ) we 're halfway there ! when he hear nothing in response , dimitri glance back . he see the meg be go for Boat 1 or Boat 2 . he look at fan in Boat 1 ... and the fear of lose she grip he . jonas ( 0.s. ) ( distant , faint ) stay together ... heller to he credit , may not have a love one on that boat , but he can tell he partner do . he can also do the math . there be only two people in this boat . it be a logical sacrifice . heller ( to dimitri ) he 's wrong . if we stay together , the meg will get two of we before we make the platform . but if one boat peel off and lead it away ... dimitri process what heller be suggest . he nod at heller and heller nod back . it 's agree . we ’1ll do this . int . zodiac two - jonas , suyin , meiying , and zhang jonas see heller look he way . heller give hima salute . it 's both a apology and a goodbye . int . zodiac one - fan , dj , and mac fan see dimitri stare at she . like he 's look at she for the last time . and then she know at once . 89 . fan no ... no ... no ...! int . zodiac three - dimitri and zhang dimitri turn the wheel and angle off . quick cut between zodiac one and two as the other react to the sacrifice . Zhang look at the man with pure admiration and heartbreaking guilt . fan 's I love you 's be hear only by the wind . ext . ocean - wide dimitri begin a wide , sweeping turn , which draw the meg off . he bring the zodiac to a head that eventually be almost directly away from the other boat . heaven 's Pov from up here , we see the geography of the sacrifice , as zodiac 1 and 2 be now separate from the meg and zodiac 3. int . zodiac three - dimitri and heller the two man stand side by side , look straight ahead , not see the death that bear down on they from behind . they face the sun , they face the light . they can hear the meg behind they now . then the sun grow impossibly white -- CUT to : int . zodiac two - suyin , meiying , and jonas suyin angle meiy away so she do not see the explosion of water in the distance . there 's nothing too graphic about it . and no scream can be hear . just a giant burst of water and then a terrible silence . int . zodiac one - dj , fan , and mac fan bury she head in she hand , sobbing . int . zodiac two - suyin , meiying , and jonas jonas catch suyin 's tear soak eye ; one thing that give he great solace be that the meg be too far away to be a threat now . to either boat . jonas we be go to make it . we be both go to make it . 90 . ext . water - day the Zodiac pass by camera , head for the sanctuary of mana one . and we fade ... to black : int . dive control CENTER - day for a moment there be no SOUND ... just image ... a hand along the back of dimitri 's chair , which still bare the imprint of dimitri 's back . suyin ( faint , distant ) fan ... finger trace some design doodles that dimitri have be scribbling ... suyin ( faint , distant ) fan ... finally stop on a quick sketch dimitri make of fan herself , when she be not look . all SOUND return -— suyin fan ? be you go to be okay ? because we need you . before she can answer , fan feel a tug at she side . meiying be there , offer she a sip of she soda . fan touch meiy 's cheek : ' no , but thanks . 's fan ( to suyin ) I be good . suyin ping bot 14 and see if it respond . we need to close that hole in the thermocline . on meiying - watch as fan and suyin go to work . then turn to see jonas , mac and dj in a heat conversation . meiy exhales . not interested in either talk . int . observation level ( o- level ) - moment later ding . the elevator open and meiying step out into the all - glass world of the o-level . 91 . she walk forward , draw by something she see in the ocean , beyond the rim of the structure . she reach the end , extend she hand , she finger trace the glass . a humpback whale roll gracefully onto its belly , its newborn calf close to its side . meiy smile . fan ( pre - lap ) Internal cool off ... pressure regulator shut down ... int . dive control CENTER - day the tactical display show data from bot 14 begin to flash red . fan 's finger fly across the keyboard -- fan ...- bot self - destruct in 10 . 5. ext . deep ocean - bot 14 - wedged in the thermal vent blam !! bot 14 explode with a flash . its piece jetted upward by the power of the thermal vent , then scattered . the tell tale column of super -heated water , which have stretch upwards like a translucent elevator shaft , disappear . int . dive control CENTER - day fan turn to suyin , Mac , dj and jonas . she smile . fan the hole be go . mac so nothing else can get up here . dj yeah , but that also mean what come up be stay up . jonas the meg be never go back down . where it come from it be just another part of the food chain . maybe not even the baddest thing on the block . but up here ... int . observation level ( o- level ) - day meiy , face press against the glass , delight in watch the whale . int . dive the sound 92 . jonas ( v.o. ) up here , she 's the apex predator , with no natural enemy , and a unlimited supply of food . control CENTER - day of the door . a frustrated Dr. Zhang enter . zhang the navy be send a helicopter for we , eta 40 minute . jonas what about the meg ? zhang they be run my request for military support up the line , but it 's not like they have a protocol to deal with this -- jonas -- because they do not believe it . the reality of that hang there . suyin shake she head -- suyin well , they be about to ... she indicate the water NORTH of hainan island on the map . --slam . suyin ( cont ’d ) half the fishing fleet be work this water . that 's fifty , sixty boat . and the meg be gonna tear right through they . after that come 30,000 tourist on the beach at sanya Bay -- the dcc be rock by a impact . something have hit they . reflexively , fan pull up camera feed of the water surrounding the mana -one . that something be the meg . dj look like she 's get some unfinish business first . several monitor now show various angle of the massive beast rush the mana - one . mac hang on ! 93 . --slam ! this impact be stronger . a explosion of concussive force that triggers a deafening cacophony of alarm -- fan we've got breach ! taking on water at d- level , f- level , j-level -- suyin turn to check on meiy -- only to realize she daughter be not there . suyin meiy ! --slam ! this third impact be the knock - out punch . one by one , every system shut down : thunk - thunk - thunk - thunk and they be plunge into total darkness . ext /int . observation level ( o- level ) - day we be look in at meiy from outside the glass . behind she , the light go out , but she do not notice because she 's transfixed by what 's unfold in front of she . in the reflection of the glass , we can see the two whale . the mother whale be be shake violently . reveal - the meg have the whale in she jaw and be rip it to piece . it 's a staggering demonstration of the true power of this beast - now unleash in we world . as blood pour from the die whale , the sea become a thick red fog -- int . dive control CENTER - day alarm still scream . suyin ( with jonas ) jab repeatedly at the elevator button , but it will not work until - - fan emergency power -- on-line ! darkness be replace by eerie red lighting and -- ding the elevator door OPEN . as jonas and suyin head down to get meiy , fan check the damage control screen . mac how bad be it ? fan worse . int . observation level - day meiy stare out at the thick red fog ( blood ) . then , it begin to clear in front of she . revealing a black hole . 94 . ding. jonas and suyin arrive . and what they see cause they heart to skip a beat . that 's not a black hole ... it 's the meg . ext . observation level - same the meg hover in the current , its side abutte the o-level , its massive eye inch away from suyin 's little girl . int . observation level - continued for a beat , no one dare move . then the eye dart away -- jonas suyin , go !-- suyin race down the glass ' speak 's to save she daughter while the meg make a 270 - degree turn and come at meiy head - on . jaw open ... it all happens in less than a second suyin grab meiy and dive laterally , run along the rim of the station just as -- smash -- the meg hit ! it obliterate the place where meiy just stand , and destroy that entire corridor / spoke , as if it be make of smoke . automatic pressure door seal off the o-level where that spoke use to be as smash -— smash - the meg take out two more spoke - plow through they sideways - before diving away . jonas ( watch the meg ) it 's coming around ! int . o- level - 4 th spoke - day suyin and meiy reach the next intact ' speak 's - turn - and sprint for the elevator . suyin can see the meg come at they from directly below . they be not go to make it . in slow -motion suyin leap into the air and throws she daughter forward , as the corridor beneath they shatter from the meg 's impact . still airborne , meiy and suyin suddenly collide with jonas , slide into frame so as to catch meiying and pull suyin through the -- rapidly close pressure door -- 95 . which SNAP shut just after they be all safely on the elevator side . resume - full speed slam ! the meg obliterate spoke 4 -- and jonas , suyin , and meiy fall backward into the elevator as its door close . CUT to : int . dive control CENTER - deafening alarm - day everyone have be knock to the floor . electrical arc spark around they . water jet through seam in the wall . fan struggle to she knee and find herself look at meiying 's soda can as it be crushed by a invisible hand ! fan dr . zhang !... plastic bottle of water collapse in on themselves . plasma screen explode as if hit by unseen hammer . Zhang look at the internal pressure gauge . they be sky - rocketing into the red . head for fatal level fast . zhang the pressure vessel be failing . we have to get topside , now -- ding -- jonas , suyin , and meiying arrive in the Elevator . jonas go up ? int . freight elevator - moment later it 's a long ride to the top . anxious silence until ... scraaaaaayyyy ... they begin to hear a terrible SOUND . a sound that grow louder as they reach the top deck and the door OPEN on to -- ext . mana - one - MAIN platform - day -- a sight out of Dante . Black smoke swirl in the wind . fire burn across the deck . and that scraaaayyyy - be the mana - one ' 's loading crane as it come crashing to the deck ! smash ! - the crane hit just a few foot in front they ! when the dust clear , the group take stock of they situation . 96 . on jonas - as he stare at the fall crane . something about it triggers a idea in he mind ... he start to think ... dj how long before that helicopter get here !? zhang 30 minute . on jonas - still thinking - it 's just a ordinary crane ... ordinary construction crane ... construction ... dj 30 minute ? this thing will be at the bottom of the ocean in 30 minute ! on jonas - as the idea snap into place . jonas it 's enough time . dj for what ? jonas for we to kill that meg. fan ( light up ) now we be talk . but the rest of the team stare at he . kill the meg ? jonas even if rescue get here for we , that do not help the fishing boat , or the tourist . like it or not , we be the one responsible for this . so I be not go anywhere until that thing 's dead -- or I be . on zhang - as he look at jonas . and then nod . zhang what do have you in mind ? jump forward to : ext . ocean surface - as see from just underwater peace , tranquility ... then we see something falling toward US ... be it two astronaut in space suit ...? 97 . splash ! --- no , it 's jonas and suyin , each in deep - sea diving suit , with weight belt that allow they to drop as fast sky diver , and recovery wire hook to they suit . go back to : ext . mana - one - MAIN platform jonas begin to outline he plan . jonas when you build this platform , you set the foundation in bedrock . which mean explosive . still have any ? mac we do , but they be in a underwater bunker near the base of the station . it 's 300 meter down . jonas nod . 300 meter down . that will not be a problem ... jump forward to : jonas and suyin 's pove - from inside the suit we be along for a terrifying , turbulent , and claustrophobic ride . outside sound be mute - while we own breathe seem amplify . our field of view be limited to what 's directly in front of we . we can just make out , to one side , the superstructure of the mana - one as we drop down along it , rapidly . very rapidly . go back to : ext . mana - one - MAIN platform jonas continue ... jonas this all start with the bot . the meg be draw to they as soon as you turn they on . so suyin and I will go down to that bunker . we 'il get explosive and rig a bomb . dj , fan , you two bring down a bot . then , we connect the bomb to the bot , turn it on , and - fan -- boom - end of story . jump forward to : 98 . jonas and suyin 's pove - from inside the suit the terror ride continue . it 's like drive flat out through the fog , hope you do not hit something . fish and aquatic life rush up at we , seemingly out of nowhere ! go back to : ext . mana - one - MAIN platform dj shake he head . there 's a problem . dj jonas , that crane be we last chance of get a bot down there . the meg already take out all we sub . we have get nothing . jonas be catch . that 's a deal - breaker . fan actually there be something . a unmanned prototype dimitri be work on . it 's small , but powerful enough to take a bot. dj since when be dimitri interested in unmanned sub ? fan since the day you try to ask I out . that hang there a beat . all of they catch . a moment of humanity . of levity at dj 's expense . they all need that . mac okay people , let 's get to work ! forward to : ext . ocean - underwater jonas and suyin whizz by , like two base jumper , drop along the mana-one . back to : ext . mana - 1 - MAIN platform everyone disperse to start the plan . jonas hold Mac back . 99 . jonas none of this work if you do not get power back to the main line . there 's a reason jonas save this for last . it 's impossible . mac jonas , I do not know if this meg can read a blueprint , but she manage to take out all we generator . ( shake he head ) dimitri be who we need . jonas you be who we have get . Mac shake he head . mac I can not tell if this plan be crazy , or stupid . jonas only one way to find out . off they smile ... end sequence on jonas - inside he suit - still in free -fall a match smile on jonas 's face as he breakneck descent continue . a smile that explode into agony when --snaaap ! jonas aaaarrrrrrrgggghhhhh ! jonas 's descent be stop abruptly , cause he to cry out , as suyin disappear into the water below . ext . mana - one - deck Zhang , who be stand the two spool of wire attach to they suit , see jonas 's wire have stop dead . suyin ( radio ) something happened to jonas ! jonas 's Pov - from inside he suit his breathe labor , jonas shake off the pain and look up . his line get snagged on part of the mana -one . 100 . jonas ( mic ) I be okay . but my recovery line be all tangle up in the platform . suyin 's Pov - rapidly approaching the bottom she 's at 300 meter and the sea floor be rush towards she . suyin ( mic ) floor in sight , Weight belt release ... ext . sea-floor ( 320 meter ) - continued suyin hit the quick release on her weight belt , freeing she from the drop mass of lead . the belt continue on rapidly , striking the sandy bottom like a meteor ... but suyin slow rapidly , and by the time she reach the bottom , she momentum be dissipate by one forward roll . she look up for jonas and see he , dangle high up there , like some toy on a string , totally defenseless . ext . ocean / int . suit - jonas 's Pov jonas begin to see at the line he trusty knife . jonas ( mic ) I be cut free . zhang ( radio ) how do we get you back to the surface ? jonas ( mic ) one problem at a time . at least this will not take very long , the wire begin to fray quickly . SNAP !... SNAP !... he 's free and begin to fall -- suyin ( radio ) -- wait , jonas don 't ! reflexively , jonas grab for the wire and catch it . but he 's hold he entire weight , and that of the belt , by one glove hand . and he grip be slip , fast . suyin ( radio ) it 's pass right beneath you . jonas look down the meg 's size , compare to jonas 's , be almost comical . it 's like a commercial airplane be pass 10 foot beneath he . 101 . jonas look up his glove hand can not maintain a grip on the wire . he watch the line slip from he finger ... and then ... jonas drop just as the meg finish pass though ! whooosh - it 's so close that jonas can feel the heat of meg 's massive tail as it swipe , lethally , just inch from he he face . ext . sea-floor ( 320 meter ) - moment later suyin watch as jonas approach . like she , he ditch the weight belt with about 15 meter to go , then slow himself to make a soft landing . suyin stare at he . suyin you okay ? jonas let 's get to the bunker . because I really want to blow that thing up . CUT to : int / ext . mana one - power station - day the central power station be locate one floor below the main deck , and the stairwell to it have collapse , meaning mac have to crawl down the twisted remain of the staircase ... then crawl across the top of the power station ... then repel off its side , dangle out over the water , so he can do the repair there . Mac look down at a Medusa 's hair tangle of electrical wire , half of which be hang in the water . mac what could go wrong here ? as soon as he say that , wham ! the meg ram the station ( off - screen ) cause this entire platform to drop five feet closer to the sea before finally catch . Mac 's adrenaline spike . mac ( to the universe ) that be a rhetorical question ! wham ! the meg hit the station again ... 102 . int . mana - one - external hallway ..- rattling the entire mana-one as the camera now follows behind dj and fan -- as they run down a partially - flood industrial hallway , with only dj 's flashlight guide they . dj be it I , or do it seem like she 's get more piss off ? fan she can join the club . dj dart around a corner , fan on he heel as ... wham ! the meg hit again and suddenly daylight replace darkness as the entire hallway in front of they disappear ! the meg have take out the skyway connect the north side of the mana - one to the south side . and it 's do that just as dj be lead fan onto that skyway at break - neck speed ! dj watch / feel as the corridor around he seem to vanish , and suddenly he 's in mid-air , about to drop into the lethal water below . for a moment , time stand still ... then a hand reach into frame and -- fan I got you ! fan pull he back from certain death use every last bit of energy she 's get . the two of they fall back into the safety of what 's leave of the skyway . for a moment , neither can do anything but breathe . finally , they get to they foot . and dj look straight into the eye of the woman who just save he life . dj just so we be clear , I be not ask you out . I be be polite because you be new here . fan stare at he . about to nail he with a clever rejoinder when -- woooosh -- dj vanish . falling into the ocean as more of the skyway collapse . fan can only watch he go ... ext . from below the surface of the ocean - continued through the churn water , we see dj fall backwards into the sea . his impact splash ring out like a dinner bell . 103 . ext . ocean - continued dj surface and find himself surround by large chunks of float debris . he look for something big enough to protect he from the shark , but then realize that 's futile . so he look up at the mana - one . he have no way of climb back up on the South side , where fan be . his only choice be to swim the 50 meter the skyway use to span and reach the North side , where the dive platform sit at just above water level . a safe haven . if he can get there . dj be about to swim for it when -- fan ( 0.s. ) dj . do not. move . he look up at fan . he 's never see she so scared in she life . ext . mana - one - fan 's Pov now we see why . the meg be just a few meter beneath the surface of the water , directly under dj , study he . on dj - as he begin to hyperventilate from fear . he have to fight the urge to move . a urge come from every cell in he body . on fan - she stare directly into he eye , try to keep he center . keep look at I . relax . just relax . on dj - try not to cry out as the meg 's massive nose lazily brushes he . as if to see - be this just a piece of debris , or should I eat it ...? fan you be ok . you be ok . dj look up at she - easy for she to say ! then suddenly dj be blind by a beam of light . what the ?! it 's he flashlight . the nudge from the meg liberated it from dj 's pocket , it 's about to fall in the water , and it 's still on ! dj oh no ... on the flashlight as it leave the confines of dj 's pocket and begin to sink . dj know if he grab for it , the meg will devour he . so he remain motionless . helpless to stop the flashlight 's fall . 104 . ext . below the surface of the ocean the flashlight tumble end over end - down past the massive creature - which take no notice of such a tiny spec . but then , like a undersea spotlight , the flashlight 's beam sweep the eye of the meg , before disappear below . the meg , trigger , follow it into the depth . ext . ocean - continued as dj wait for death , fan realize the meg have vanish . but where be it ...? wham ! the answer nearly send fan into the ocean herself . the meg have move off , and decide to strike one of the two zodiac tie up at the dock . it take half the dock with it ! the bad news be - with the dock damage - that part of the station begin to take on water . the good news be - all that be happen a good distance away from where dj be ! fan dj ! go! gol dj , amaze to still be alive , swim as fast as he can ... ext . ocean - mana - one - continued dj manage only a few stroke before the meg 's dorsal fin stop in the water , like it just figure out it 's be dupe . it violently spin around and head straight for dj , cut through the ocean like a miter see . ext . ocean - surface level wider - on dj as he push forward . over he shoulder , we begin to see the massive dorsal fin , rise into frame as it get closer . if dj look back , he 's dead . ext . ocean - below surface a trailer shot - the tiny silhouette of the man ... and the incredible scale of the monster that 's about to catch he . ext . ocean surface close on dj - head down . desperate . close on the meg - mouth open wide for feed ... 105 . int . / ext . loading dock - south side of mana one in one fluid motion , dj swing himself up onto the deck , then roll as far away from the water as he can get so when -- slam -- the meg ram the side of the loading area -- he remain safely out of reach . ext . MAIN platform - NORTH side of mana one fan let a scram of celebration . he make it . he make it !! int . / ext . loading dock - south side of mana one dj , lie flat on he back , speak to fan via he ear - piece / mic . dj ( mic ) you might want to take the stair . CUT to : int . storage facility - 300 meter below the surface - day close on - a pair of hand - as they stack small semtex plastique ( explosive ) brick into the shape of a mayan pyramid . close on - the same hand - now secure the pyramid with strategic strip of duct tape . close on - the same hand - as they connect a small impact plate to the top of the creation . pull back to reveal - suyin watch jonas finish he work . jonas ( off she look ) my ex - wife always say I be good at blow thing up . jonas and suyin load the bomb into a backpack . bomb safely inside , jonas zip up the pack before suyin carefully put it on he back . she wait for he to start walk . jonas ( I have a bomb on my back ) you should go in front of I . suyin nod , good point . as she start for the air-lock , something on the supply shelf catch jonas 's eye . Hand flare . he think a moment . then take two . 106 . jonas ( mic ) how 's it go up there , Mac ? int / ext . mana one - power station - day mac' sweat drenched eye focus on the breaker panel with eager anticipation . he slam down the central switch and ... boom !!! a explosion of spark send he reeling and almost off the edge of the power station . he 's blow the fuse board . mac ( mic ) oh , it 's go great . he open up the board and begin to remove a fuse with he finger ... int . dive platform - day while fan 's finger fly across the key of a laptop . on screen we see : rsv - navigation control - linking ... linking ... connected . begin power up sequence ... Machine -sound begin to fill the air behind fan . they source , the unmanned submersible , come into view as dj bring it out of dimitri 's lab , pull it along a overhead conveyor belt . fan ( mic ) jonas , we be one minute to launch . ext . sea -floor - storage facility - continued jonas and suyin , just visible in the gloam , walk clear of the storage facility and look up at the dark mana -one . fan ( radio ) camera range be limited . so you will have to guide I when I get close . int mana one - power control room - continued Mac be now at the main control board for the entire power station . flip - flip - flip ... he power up the Main Bus , and for a moment it look like it will work until - boom ! again . something go wrong . this time force mac to duck down for cover under the desk . 107 . while down there he see a OPEN drawer . in it , be a small box label , '' in case of emergency '' . he open the box and find a bottle of 1942 Don julio tequila . he stare at it . fan ( radio ) rsv launch ... int . dive platform - view from underwater the unmanned sub descend right at US ... it pass by camera ... it 's tow - line grow taut ... int . dive platform - continued dj watch as a bot now follow the sub into the depth below . next to he , fan work the sub 's control , which be link to a laptop that give she a view from its nose cam . fan ( mic ) bot clear and come down to you . ext . sea -floor - storage facility - continued jonas and suyin , stand there like decoration in a aquarium , expose and do they best to stay motionless ... suyin ( mic ) any sign of we friend ? ext . mana - one - dive platform - day Zhang scan the water around the platform . zhang ( mic ) she 's not up here . int . dive platform - continued close on the monitor - show the way ahead for the submersible . close on fan 's thumb - as she adjust for current . close on the depth read - out - now click past 150 meter . ext . sea -floor - continued like tumbleweed blow across a ghost town at high - noon , strange clump of plant life roll by jonas and suyin 's feet . fan ( radio - static ) that 's 150 . you should see it any second now ... 108 . jonas and suyin - straining there eye to look above they . but it 's nearly impossible with the mana - one still dark . int mana one - power control room - continued close on - mac - as finish a re-patch and , with a exhale , power it up . flip - flip - flip ... before he throw the final switch he take a ceremonial ' good luck 's sip of the tequila , put the bottle down and then .... flip ... no explosion ... no boom .... just a series of GREEN light coming on . int . dive control CENTER all the power come back on in the abandon dcc . we watch as the internal pressure gauge return to normal . ext . mana -one external light go on . Zhang smile at meiy . good news . ext . sea -floor - continued jonas and suyin watch as the mana - one blossom to life . it 's like be at the foot of the eifel tower at night . and thanks to the light they can now see the submersible and the bot - high above they - but make progress . jonas ( mic ) rsv in sight ... but he voice trail off because suddenly the sub and the bot vanish in a shadow . int . dive platform - continued pffffft ! - static replace the picture from submersible 's nose cam . the rsv stop respond to control ... fan what the ...? ext . sea -floor - continued gradually , the shadow clear ... and suddenly jonas and suyin be look at the bot -- no longer tethere to anything -- drop like a rock -- right down on top of they ! jonas ( mic ) look out ! 109 . jonas push suyin to cover behind rocky coral as -- smash -- the bot slam into the sea-floor , send debris fly . for a minute , we can not see anything through the all the sand that 's be kick up by impact . zhang ( radio ) jonas , come in ! jonas , suyin ! then the sand clear . jonas and suyin be okay . but they plan literally lie in tatter all around they foot . jonas ( mic ) fan , this be the moment you tell I dimitri make two of that thing . int . dive platform - continued fan stare at she control , still try to re-establish contact with the machine . dj put he hand on she shoulder . dj ( mic ) that 's a negative , jonas . ext . mana - one - day Mac , who have join Zhang and meiy , look at Zhang . mac ( in disbelief ) there have to be another way . ext . sea -floor - continued jonas have another way . he exhales . jonas ( mic ) okay , then . dj and fan get to the Zodiac . as soon as suyin surface , you load up and get as far away from here as you can . suyin ( mic ) what be you do ? jonas show she the hand flare . jonas ( mic ) back - up plan . I use this to lure it to the o-level , we know how much it like smash that place up . suyin ( mic ) that 's a suicide mission . 110 . jonas ( mic ) not necessarily . it be , however , a solo mission so ... Dr. Zhang , you be clear to bring suyin up ... suyin ( mic ) no ... ext . mana - one - day dj and fan have join Mac , Zhang , and meiy . jonas ( radio ) Dr. Zhang , I repeat , bring suyin up ... zhang ( mic ) jonas , let 's think a moment -- jonas ( radio ) dammit , it 's this or we all lose . now bring you daughter back to she daughter , be I clear ? ext . sea -floor - continued suyin shake she head . suyin ( mic ) no , we be in this together ... she reach out with a tether hook - hope to connect jonas 's suit to hers but just before she can ... she be pull away . she 's be pull up . ext . mana - one - day Mac have throw the lever himself . suyin ( mic ) I be cut loose ! ext . sea -floor - continued she can still see jonas - he look at she . jonas ( mic ) please do not . the distance between they grow ... the flicker light of the mana - one revealing the sadness in suyin 's eye ... then she disappear into the haze . 111. ext . mana - one - 320 meter down jonas approach a emergency airlock at the base . he touch the keypad . it light up . jonas ( mic ) Mac . I forget to say - great job with the power . not that I ever doubted you . ext . mana - one - dock - day Mac smile at the joke . behind he , the group cautiously board the lone Zodiac tie to what 's leave of the dock . jonas ( radio ) okay , maybe I do ... mac ( mic ) so , a back - up plan , huh ? int . mana - one - emergency stairwell - same jonas , free from he suit , climb a seemingly endless ladder , backpack still on . int . mana - one - the o- level - continued jonas emerge from a hatch on the backside of the Elevator shaft . he walk around so he can see all three remaining spoke - and the rim that be attached to they all . jonas ( mic ) you just be ready to get out of here when I tell you . he press the elevator button . wait and then - ding . it arrive . he step inside , press the button for the surface , then wedge the door so it do not go anywhere . then jonas turn and walk down the CENTER spoke he 's head towards the rim , appreciate the magnificent structure this use to be . jonas ( mic ) Dr. Zhang , I do not know what kind of security deposit you put down on this place , but I do not think you be get it back . zhang ( radio ) whatever it take , jonas .... 112. ext . mana - one - dock fan unty the bow , zhang the stern . everyone be on board , include -- suyin , who surprise jonas when she chime in : suyin ( mic ) just make sure you get back up here . int . mana - one - the o- level - continued jonas , pleased suyin have say this . happy to hear she voice . jonas ( mic ) okay ... thirty second . ext . mana - one - dock - continued the zodiac 's engine roar to life . ext . 300 meter down - the ocean - same the noise of the zodiac be more of a low vibration down here ... one the meg turn towards ... it begin its ascent but then ... twinkling red-light catch its attention . it 's jonas ... in the o-level ... jonas ( v.o - radio ) twenty second ... int . mana - one - the o- level - continued jonas have strike the two flare and he 's wave they in he hand ... wait ... hope to see the meg come for he . jonas come on ... come on ... the meg turn -- and come straight towards he . jonas hold he ground ... and hold it ... and hold it ... then -- jonas ( mic ) ten second . go ! jonas toss the flare so that they will land close to the backpack . as they arc high in the air , he turn and sprint for the elevator ... 113 . ext . ocean - continued the zodiac put some distance between itself and the station . jonas ( radio ) five second ... four ... int . elevator - same jonas run into the Elevator and pull out the wedge . the door close , and the elevator quickly begins to rise . jonas ( mic ) ( smile ) ... Three ... two ... that 's when all the power goe out - including the power for the elevator - bring everything to a grinding halt . so _ much for he escape . ext . ocean - zodiac - same the passenger see the station power down . grim reality set in . they know that can not be good for he plan . int . elevator - same for a moment jonas just sit there in the darkness . then he see something . gum . he stake a stick as he finish the countdown -- jonas -- one . int . mana - one - the o- level - same smash . the glass of the center speak give way to the power of the meg . and the meg plow right into the backpack . blam ! a explosive force of more than a 1000 stick of dynamite be release . from several angle - inside and outside the meg die in three stage that play out in less than 1/100th of a second . first , the blast wave liquefy the cartilage that make up its body , essentially turn into a giant shark - suite goo . then , the heat super cook the skin into a black charcoal . finally , the glass shard pierce the carcass , vaporizing it into a cloud of tissue and blood that leave no mistake - the meg be no more . 114 . int . elevator - same the explosion , move faster than sound , hit the elevator before the sound do . so for a dizzying moment , the elevator be rockete skyward , a bullet in a silent barrel . then come the deafening roar a jet of FIRE - shoot through the seam of the rapidly rise rocket lift . suddenly jonas think it 's wall be make of flame . then flame obscure we view of he . ext . ocean - continued from the Zodiac , the mana - one look like a volcano . jets of FIRE erupt randomly from the station , follow by a deafening blast that cause the team to duck and cover . int . elevator - continued still shoot towards the surface , flame swirl . then , when the pressure have reach its crescendo , the elevator itself disintegrate , and , like a cocoon that 's reveal its cargo , it release jonas into the ocean . float in and out of consciousness , rise towards the light , the last thing jonas see be a hazy image of the baby humpback whale . it 's safe . then he pass out and we ... fade to black : ext . ocean - day the Zodiac navigate the seas around what 's leave of the mana - one . they have be search for ten minute with no sign . expression be grave . it 's suyin who see he . suyin there ! jonas be lie , half in the water , half cling to a float remnant of the mana - one . but he 's not move . the crew agonize , wait for a sign ... they get it when jonas , without raise he head , lift a weary arm skyward and give they a thumb up . CUT to : ext . outdoor plaza - dive CENTER at tianjin - day a reverent crowd sit , listen to the end of a memorial service / celebration of life . suyin stand at a dais , in 115 . front of the memorial itself , a beautiful , white marble , free - stand wall that be shape like a wave . on the wall , etched tastefully , as if they be part of the wave , be the name and history of junjie , Carl , luc , francois , heller , and dimitri . suyin , stunningly beautiful in she formal dress , turn to the final page of she dedication speech . suyin ( at the dais ) advance we understanding of life have always require great sacrifice . the world do not give up she secret easily ... off to the side jonas , dash in a suit . mac , a little less so in he . fan and dj both look cooler than everyone else in the place . zhang watch suyin with great admiration . mac ( quietly to jonas ) she 's she father 's daughter all right . suyin ( at the dais ) my father 's dream , a dream share by that we honor today , be that we come to appreciate the gift that be we ocean . now , thanks to they effort , the entire world know that there be more to this gift than we dare imagine . and I see , in everyone 's eye , the same excitement I once see exclusively in my father 's . that be how I know the friend we lose will live forever . ( it hang there ) thank you all very much . off the applause we CUT to ... ext . outdoor plaza - dive CENTER at tianjin - a little later people milling about , congratulate suyin who be with Zhang , meiy , jonas , and Mac . a pass waiter offer some crab cake ... jonas shake he head ... meiying he 's allergic . 116 . Mac take a beat . mac you be ? be that ironic ? ( as they laugh ) and since when do meiy know stuff about you that I do not ... Mac 's voice trail off as he realize jonas and suyin be together . mac ( cont 'd ) oh , uh , never mind -- meiying try to keep up , Mac . that get laugh . Mac be in the middle of a comeback when a US and a chinese naval officer interrupt the festivity . chinese officer Excuse I , Dr. Zhang , we have a situation and we have like to talk to you . zhang this be a service for my friend , now be not -- US officer --a deep - sea drilling platform tore open a dormant volcano this morning . it 's create a hole in the thermocline . jonas how big a hole ? chinese officer ( long beat ) it 's the size of Manhattan . wider we watch as a animated conversation ensue , and then all of they hurry out through the crowd , pause to grab fan and dj , and then disappear from we view behind the wave wall . the end