the insider write by eric roth &amp ; michael mann 11/5/99 note : the hard copy of this script contained scene number and some " omitted " slug . they have be removed for this soft copy . fade in : all we can see be black fill the screen ... Black on black ... int . a jeep , lebanon - day and we be in a speed soviet jeep ... two man in front , shoulder assault rifle . hezbollah soldier ... and there be three men in the back . a middle - age man wear a tired suit and tinted sunglass try to hold on . and on either side of he , two Men , blindfolded . the man on one side be in he forty , hand press in the pocket of a well - travel black - leather jacket ... a stocky man , with the edge of a j.d. salinger character , he 's see everything at least once . but even he have lose some of he self - confidence , here , turn he head , sense the wind , a blast of Arabic music that disappear behind he ... he 's lowell bergman . on the other side of the man in the tired suit be a lanky man with a voltmeter around he neck , norman . ext . the beqa'a valley , baalbek , lebanon - day the Jeep race up narrow wind street of a lebanese village . it 's shadow by a Jeep in front , and in back , each carry personnel armed with AK 's and a few rpg 's ... and in the third Jeep be two blindfolded , not very threaten lebanese soldier . and as the speed convoy pass a capture israeli armore personnel carrier cover with Arabic graffiti , look down on they from huge mural be the stern visage of the Ayatollah Khomeini , and a Hezbollah religious leader , the Sheikh fadlallah ... and , suddenly the convoy skid to a stop ... and blindfolded lowell and norman be roughly take out , and push , stumbling , through the cloud of dust without sight ... the lanky cameraman be stop , tell to wait , while lowell be push past armed man guard a small stone house , and inside ... int . a house in lebanon - day a round - face man in he mid-forty , with large - frame glass , black hair and a grey- black beard , wear a dullbend , a turban , sit informally at a kitchen table ... it 's the Sheikh fadlallah whose face stare out at we from wall . a gunman cradling a AK - 47 sit in a incongruous purple armchair in a corner . a tear poster of the seychelles be on one wall . another gunman stand by a window . lowell be sit down in a chair at the kitchen table ... the sheikh coffee ? lowell yeah ... thank you . the sheikh how have you like you stay ? lowell ( droll ) what I have see ... I have like . the Sheikh smile . and the smile pass as quickly as it come . a steaming cup of coffee in a small Arabic demitasse be put down . the sheikh please to explain , why I should agree to interview ... with pro-zionist american media ? lowell because I think Hezbollah be try to broaden into a political party right now . so you care about what you be think of in America . and in America , at this moment in time , Hezbollah do not have a face . ( confident ) that 's why . and we have first realize this man be not a hostage ; he 's come here voluntarily . the sheikh perhaps you prove journalism objectivity and I see the question first . then I decide if I grant the interview . lowell ( blunt ) no . we do not do that . ( beat ) you have see " 60 Minutes " and Mike wallace . so you know we reputation for integrity and objectivity . you also know we be the high - rate , most - respected , tv - magazine news show in America . the Sheikh quietly look out he glass at he , study he . and lowell " close " : lowell ( cont would ) so. Mr. wallace . should he get on a plane or not ? the Sheikh think it over and then ... the sheikh tell he I will see he day after tomorrow . lowell that 's good . that work . ( after a beat ) uh , you know , I want to ask you something ... I know it sound odd ... but ... it 's quiet ... too quiet ... lowell ( cont 'd ) hello , Sheikh ...? ( no answer ) hello , Sheikh ...? silence . he hesitates , start to lift he blindfold ... he lift it . and he see the Sheikh , and he gunman , be go . the house empty . only he cameraman , the lanky man , leave there , stand by the door still in he blindfold ... lowell ( cont 'd ) norman . norman what ? what ? lowell take you blindfold off . the lanky man do and we see the cameraman be asian - american . lowell ( cont 'd ) ( sarcastic ) welcome to the world . norman give lowell a ironic look and test the local current at a electrical outlet . norman fluctuate all over the place . anywhere we shoot , here , it 's gonna be portable genny and we will run cable ... lowell nod and open the curtain from this commanding height . baalbek and the beqa 'a Valley below gold - dome mosque . a moment of triumph . he dial he cell phone ... mike wallace's voice ( over ) hello ? lowell ( into phone ) Mike , it 's I . we be on ... and we hear people laughing and encouraging " go ahead ... OPEN it ... " int . a laboratory , brown &amp ; williamson , louisville , kentucky - day we be in a science laboratory ... out of focus lab technician , in white lab coat , celebrate a heavyset Black woman 's birthday ... half she present be open . balloon , incongruous , float above the lab ... and there 's a sense that somebody be watch ... and from the waist up , a disembody figure come into focus behind a glass partition , as if quarantine , isolate , a expressionless man in he late forty , watch they ... int . jeffrey wigand office - day the office soundproofed , he watch the people laugh , they lip move . his hair not yet settle on grey , he face be change , always interesting . bear in the bronx , educate in upstate New York , he retain little of the accent and much of the directness . he 's jeffrey wigand . he turn to resume gather thing from he desk ... some technical book , a medical text on asthma ... put they in he briefcase . and as he leave the office , the silent party like a bizarre mime behind he ... int . lobby , brown &amp ; williamson build - day briefcase in hand , Jeffrey appear from the elevator from above , from wide and in front , he eye , freeze pool ... and like a bad dream , a broad - shoulder man , lean against the wall near the reception island in a suit he 's not comfortable in , wear a earphone , say something into a lapel microphone after Jeffrey 's pass . int . wigand be car , lousiville - day Light mottle through tree reflect off the car window ... Jeffrey 's face go in and out of the tunnel of light and shadow ... down this tasteful , suburban louisville street of neat house and manicure lawn ... he pull into driveway behind a 3 series BMW . it 's a grey french provincial replica ... int . the wigand ' house , foyer - day Jeffrey come in and a young girl , six , be watch television in the de ... barbara . wigand hi , honey . barbara hi , daddy . wigand what 's new ? barbara Ms. laufer give I a star today . wigand yeah ? what for ? barbara for read . he pour himself a drink at a wet bar . wigand that 's great ... Little early for cartoon , be not it ? barbara okay . dutiful , she shut off the tv , go upstairs . barbara ( cont would ) deborah ? Debbie ? he look outside . a woman be sit on the back porch drink wine , read a paperback book , drink wine . there 's something like a hockney painting about she against the manicure lawn . right now the woman come in . she 's pretty , tall , languid , reserve , somebody it would be nice to wear on you arm . liane wigand . she have a odd delay between a think and she speech ... liane oh , I do not know you be home ... it 's early ... be not it ? he do not say anything ... liane ( cont 'd ) gotta take Debbie to ballet ... and it all feel suburban , familiar . suddenly there 's a shout ... barbara' voice ( over ) mommy ! Jeffrey go quickly up the stair into ... int . wigand be house - deborah' bedroom - day and a little girl , eight , sit on the floor in a ballet leotard , she head back , wheeze , she neck muscle contracting and bulg , she face pale , lip white , and she eye fill with fear as rapid , shallow breathe induce a sense of suffocation . deborah wigand be have a severe asthmatic attack ... wigand sweetheart , c'mon . c'mon . barbara she be play with my pooh doll again ... Jeffrey sit she on the side of she bed next to which be a nebulizer , a air compressor to deliver medication via a tube into a circular mouthpiece . the compressor whir . deborah breathes in the medication . Jeffrey brushes the hair back from she face and wipe perspiration from she forehead as ... wigand slow down . slow down . slow down . breathe deep . breathe deep . slow down , honey . slow down . slow down . liane rush in with roll - up towel , kneel in front of deborah , smile to mask anxiety , and go into the bathroom with the towel and turn on full blast the bathtub 's hot water . we do not know why yet ... deborah 's chest heave . she 's scared . Jeffrey get in front of she and talk to she to arrest she attention . wigand ( cont would ) here we go . deep breath , deep breath . barbara she be play with the pooh doll . wigand pooh 's dusty , sweetheart ... he 's dusty , and you breathe he in , okay ? so what 's - what 's happen to you now be ... cell call mast cell tell you lung " do not breathe any more of that dust in . " ( beat ) ... and the airway in you lung be like branch . and when the branch close up , you get a asthmatic attack . and , we give you medicine , and you get better . huh ? okay ? you be better already , be not you ? and the medication 's take effect and she 's calmer . liane , hand clutch in she lap , smile at deborah . now she take deborah 's hand and exchange a look with Jeffrey . Jeffrey 's a good father , a natural caregiver . wigand ( cont would ) okay , baby ? int . the wigand ' house , louisville - evening Jeffrey , liane and the two Girls silently eat dinner , deborah in a bathrobe . deborah can I go to dance tomorrow ? I be better ... liane ... if you be , then I will take Barbara to soccer and take you to dance after ... wigand I can take she . liane do not you have to be at the office ? wigand ( instead , get up ) be there any more rice ...? liane ( nod ) yes , it 's on the stove ... he go into the kitchen , to the stove , see ... liane ( cont would ) do you want more rice ? deborah maybe later . liane how about you ? barbara I will take some . wigand instant rice ...? barbara can I go over to janeane 's house ? liane I be sorry , darling , have you see my coffee mug ...? wigand try the car . and liane go outside ... ext . the wigand ' house - evening she open Jeffrey 's car look in the front seat at the cup holder . she turn to leave and see the backseat fill with two box and the book we see he take ... liane uh , what be that box ? wigand I be go to the store . you need anything ? liane what do you need at the store ? wigand soy sauce ... liane right now ? wigand ( meaning in the car ) that 's my stuff from the office ... liane why do you take you stuff from the office ? wigand ( simply ) I do not want to leave it there ... liane ( confuse ) I do not understand . wigand ( matter of fact ) I get fire this morning ... where else be I gonna take it ? liane why ? who say ? wigand ( specifically ) Thomas sandefur ... liane ( stunne , fearful ) what be we suppose to do ...? what about we medical coverage ; what about we health ? what about we car payment ? the payment on this house ? he look at she . there 's a unspoken moment when it seem he 's desperate for she to ask how he 's feel ... but she do not and now there 's a wall up and the moment pass ... wigand ( a beat , specific ) there 's a severance agreement ... it include cash payout over time and continue medical coverage ... ( beat ) sure you do not need anything ? liane no , thank you . she 's stunne . he leave . and as liane 's completely still , she accessory seem literally to weigh she down , she want to ask how he be , how he must be feel , and she turn into camera towards he to do that . but he 's drive off down the street . liane ( cont would ) Jeffrey ...! int . another house in baalbek - day the Sheikh , wear a fresh white robe and skull cap , come into the room ... the sheikh I be very pleased to receive you as my guest , Mr. wallace . mike wallace thank you for have we ... reverse : norman 's camera crew be set up . mike wallace be there . a dangerous combination of intelligence , arrogance , and celebrity , there 's a kinetic quality about he . wallace sit across from the Sheikh on a dais of pattern linoleum in incongruous armchair against a wallpaper mural of a french formal garden . a sound technician wire the Sheikh and Mike with microphone . norman say something to lowell and then go out . norman I think I have get a problem with the gennie . I have to go outside . lowell ( go outside ) norman ...? Mike turn he chair to face and slide it closer to the Sheikh 's chair . the head bodyguard bark something in Arabic . the interpreter say something back in Arabic . the Sheikh , absorb in he note for the upcoming interview , ignore all of this . interpreter he say you must not sit so close . mike wallace what ? ( be : bodyguard ) I can not conduct a interview from back there . the bodyguard , bristle at wallace 's tone , bark more confrontational Arabic . interpreter you must move back you chair . mike wallace will you tell he that when I conduct a interview , I sit anywhere I damn please ! interpreter there be no interview . as Mike leap forward , move inch from the bodyguard 's face with such sudden ferocity , even the bodyguard flinch . mike wallace you ! I be talk to you ! more armed man start to enter . mike wallace ( cont would ) what the hell do you think I be ? a 78 - year - old assassin ? you think I be gonna karate he to death with this notepad ? ( to interpreter ) be you interprete what I be say ? interpreter yes . lowell we be there . mike wallace good , well ask he if Arabic be he second language . lowell ( to interpreter ) do not interpret that ! ( to both ) hold it . hold it . hold it ! slow , slow !! ( to the Sheikh ) Sheikh , do you mind ... if you would just turn you chair a little bit to face Mr. wallace ? the Sheikh look up from he note , nod , fix he chair , go back to he note ... lowell ( cont would ) be that okay ? interpreter okay . lowell ( bodyguard assent ; to Mike ) be you ready ? or you want to keep fuck around and warm up some more ...? mike wallace no. ( wry ) ... that 's get my heart start . they know each other well . lowell smile . wallace sit down . lowell alright , Todd , give I the three - button on Mike , please . okay . we be roll . okay , Mike . they roll camera ... " 60 Minutes " ... " Hezbollah " ... mike wallace ( charming ) Sheikh fadlallah , thank you so much for see we . ( change ) be you a terrorist ? the Sheikh do not expect the Mike wallace open shot between the eye . he recover ... the sheikh Mr. wallace , I ...am a servant of God . that expression of incredulity ... mike wallace a servant of god? really ... Mike , tipping he glass down while the hostile gunmen , cradling weapon , watch he through the doorway ... mike wallace ( cont 'd ) Americans believe that you , as a Islamic fundamentalist , that you be a leader who contribute to the bombing of the U.S. embassy . the ballsiness of wallace , ask this question in this place , be impressive ... ext . berkeley - late morning it 's still . a mail truck be stop at a odd angle in the street outside a older brick house with a bold redwood Big sur-like fence on a hillside . Beyond the truck be a forever view of the Bay . a handle turn . mail truck door open . mailman , carry a box , go through the gate . doorstep . box be deposit there . it 's quiet again . the BOX sit nakedly by the front door ... int . lowell' house , bedroom , berkeley - late morning lowell , in sweat pants and a old tee shirt now , be on the telephone , still in bed ... newspaper , < i> the New York Times , the Wall Street Journal , San Francisco Chronicle < / i> , be spread all over ... home as refuge . a tray with large cup of coffee be on a side table . lowell ... everyone think canadian mounties ride horse and rescue lady from rapid , Mike . they back local in oka in a fight with mohawks over building a golf course on they burial site . they beat up protester at kanasake ... ( pause ) where would you hear that ? the other phone on a nightstand ring ... a woman in she forty , sharon tiller , enter , in a bathrobe , brush she tooth . she answer it ... lowell ( cont would ) ( droll ) oh , someone take a poll ? " be all thing canadian boring ...? " sharon ( to lowell ) it 's Stuart ... he 's in Mexico City ... lowell let I call you back ... he take up the line ... listen ... lowell ( cont 'd ) yeah , Stuart ... what New York bank ? a young man in he early twenty wander in ... jake hey dad ... Sharon ... lowell wave at jake , he son . sharon ( to Jake ) no class this morning ? lowell will he go on - camera and talk about the Mexico City branch ? jake I do not have to be there until ten - thirty . lowell 's son sit on the bed look at part of a newspaper . and another young man , in he early twenty , with long hair come strolling in , Sharon 's son , josiah . josiah hi Mom , lowell ... lowell , still on the phone , wave to he . sharon hi , sweetheart ... josiah sit on the bed too , read the back of the sport section Jake be read ... another line ring , Sharon get it . the boy , use to they , get up , and leave ... lowell ( into phone ) will independent source corroborate that ? sharon hello ? yeah ... ext . the berkeley house - morning the boy come out of the house together ... and see the BOX by the door ... lowell' son ( shout back inside ) dad , you get a box out here ... and they go out the gate , talk , walk off along the Berkeley street . the box leave wait by the door . lowell ( look at she itinerary ) let I see this ... no , ' cause I gotta know where you be go at all time . int . lowell' house , bedroom , berkeley - morning sharon ( into phone ) I can not ... I have get to fly to Boston tomorrow . lowell come with the box back to bed . he 's already unwrapped it . Inside be stack of papers ... he look at the box cover . no return address . a anonymous sender ; not unusual for he . he casually look through the papers . sharon ( cont 'd ) two p.m. great. bye-bye. ( hang up ) lowell ( read ) ... " ignition propensity ? " ( to Sharon ) ... you understand any of this ...? he give she some papers . we see formulas ... scientific data in table ... sharon ...no ... this look like a table of temperature ... who 's this from ? lowell ( shrug ) ... it 's anonymous . reference to " p.m. " ( motion ) it 's get to be Philip Morris , huh ? sharon I have to take a shower . as he look at the papers , Sharon go into the bathroom ... int . the federal drug administration agency , cafeteria , WASHINGTON - day we see a man in he forty , eat a late lunch , get page in a crowded cafeteria . a old 1930 's wpa mural on the wall ... his pager go off ... Doug Oliver walk across the cafeteria to a bank of pay phone and dial . int . lowell' house , den - berkeley - morning the phone ring . lowell pick it up ... lowell yeah . doug oliver ( into phone ) hi , this be Doug Oliver ... lowell oh , hi , Doug ... it 's lowell . I be do this story on fire safety ... people burn up from fall asleep smoking . I receive a shitload of scientific papers from inside Philip Morris ... anonymous . you or anybody in fda know someone who can translate this stuff into English for I ? doug oliver ( beat ) ...uh , yeah ... ext . a berkeley cafe - close : pay phone there 's the sound of a phone ringing . pull back to reveal lowell outside a cafe with dry clean he collect over one shoulder . a little girl voice over ( deborah 's ) answer . " hello . " lowell Mr. wigand , please . there 's a whisper ... " someone 's call for daddy , Mom . " behind lowell be a hum Berkeley street . he gesture familiarly to a server , who bring out he two take - out cappuccino . lowell nod he thanks , pay ... lowell ( cont would ) thank you , Bob . liane's voice ( over ) who 's call ? lowell my name 's lowell bergman ... I be -- liane's voice ( over ) do you say berman ? lowell no , bergman ... b.e.r.g.m.a.n .... I be a producer with " 60 Minutes " ... liane's voice ( over ) " 60 Minutes " ? lowell yeah . liane's voice ( over ) " 60 Minutes , " the television show ? lowell yes . lowell wait for some moment , and ... int . the wigand ' house , louisville - day liane ( on phone ) he do not want to talk to you . ext . / int . berkeley cafe - day lowell how do he know he do not want to talk to I ? he do not know what I be call he about ... liane's voice ( over ) he do not care to know . and she hang up . lowell 's motionless ... and he interest pique , he set down he clean . he call back ... the phone ring and ring ... a machine pick it up ... Jeffrey wigand 's Voice : " this be the wigand ' ... if you would like to leave a message or send a fax , start now ... " int . the wigand house , jeffrey' office , louisville - day and we see Jeffrey wigand , sit at he desk in he office , work on he computer , hearing lowell ... lowell' voice ( over ) ( on the machine ) this be lowell bergman with " 60 Minutes " ... I be do a story on fire safety and cigarettes ... I have scientific document from a tobacco company , and I could use you help as a consultant explain this document to I ... my number be area code 510-555 - 0199 ... I will be there , at this number , in 10 minute . he hang up . Jeffrey do not react , quietly work on he computer . int . lowell' office , berkeley - day lowell 's restless , wait ... and not get a call back , he try another tact . he write a fax , " please call I at ... " he write he number down . he send the fax . he 's still . it 's quiet . and not get a answer he get up , start to leave the room . and suddenly the fax machine ring ... he turn . he read a message emerge from the machine ... " I can not talk to you ... " he 's quiet . he write on a piece of paper ... " can not talk to I ? " " wo not talk to I ? " " do not want to talk to I ...? " as he fax it back ... int . the wigand ' house , office , louisville - day wigand read the return fax from lowell ... int . lowell' office , berkeley - day lowell , wait ... the fax machine ring again ... he read Jeffrey 's answer . " can not . " " wo not . " " do not want to ... " he 's quiet , more than just interested , now . there 's something beyond intrigue here . he turn . he look through a stack of phone book for something ... a nationwide 800 directory . he look through it and dial wigand 's phone number again ... lowell if you be curious to meet I ... int . wigand ' house , office , louisville - day wigand work on he computer ... lowell 's voice on he answer machine ... lowell' voice ( over ) ( on machine ) ... I be gonna be in the lobby of the seelbach Hotel in louisville , read < i> the New York Times < / i> , tomorrow , at five o'clock ... lowell click off . and as wigand sit at he computer , give no indication what he might do ... int . the seelbach HOTEL lobby , louisville , kentucky - early evening a old hotel with fade carpet . lowell in the lobby read a < i> New York Times < / i> , wait ... and instead of look up every time somebody pass , he look down at people 's shoe . a pair of black wing tip walk by ... a woman 's high heel ... a pair of man 's tassele loafer . a lace - up brown . a pair of tennis shoe . a cordovan wing tip . the pair of tassele loafer walk by again ... and lowell look up ... and the man in the tassele loafer , turn away ... it 's Jeffrey wigand in a suit and a tie with a fortune 500 , corporate - executive bear ... lowell cross to the elevator . wigand look around the lobby and follow lowell in , and as the door close ... int . a HOTEL room , louisville - early evening lowell ( over ) have you always live in louisville ? brilliant late afternoon sunlight . we pull back to see Jeffrey , stand by a window , silently look outside to the leave ... lowell , cool , wait , hand in he pocket , in the middle of the large room ... wigand Mr. bergman ? what do you want I to consult about ? a sudden knock on the door ... wigand ( cont 'd ) ( turn , suspicious ) who 's that ? lowell ( wry ) that 's room service . they usually knock first . ( call ) come on in ... over here , please . room service bring in a tray with coffee . as lowell sign the bill , the room service waiter wait , look at wigand ... they eye meet ... the waiter look away . lowell ( cont would ) thank you . and the waiter leave ... lowell ( cont 'd ) ( pour ) how do you like you coffee ? Black ? wigand Black , black ... lowell give he he cup of coffee . wigand ( cont 'd ) look , I really do not have that much time ... lowell ( nod ) be there anything you want to know about I , Mr. wigand ...? wigand like what ? you sign ? lowell smile . wigand ( cont 'd ) I know what I have to know . lowell just so I know you know , when I talk to people in confidence , it stay that way . wigand ( abruptly ) how do a radical journalist from rampart Magazine end up at CBS ? lowell look at he , he do he homework ... lowell I still do the tough storey . " 60 Minutes " reach a lot of people . wigand 's quiet , measure he . wigand ( after a beat ) let I see the document ... lowell give he the box of papers ... wigand sit down , the box on he lap , quietly look through they ... flip to a different head , consult a chart ... wigand ( cont 'd ) ... this be a Fire - Safety product Study for Philip Morris . burn rate ... ignition propensity ... thing of this nature . ( after a beat ) I could very easily explain this to you in layman 's term , because it 's from another company ... he put the papers down ... wigand ( cont would ) ... but that 's as far as I go ... lowell Far as you go where ? wigand ( a beat ) this issue be a drop in the bucket . I can talk to you about what 's in here . but I can not talk to you about anything else . and lowell know something else be go on here ... wigand ( cont 'd ) ( meaning Philip Morris document ) I sign a confidentiality agreement . I honor agreement ... a lot more be go on here ... lowell nod , a good reporter ... wigand ( cont 'd ) do not CBS have confidentiality agreement , Mr. bergman ? lowell between journalist and management , yes , I believe they do ... but I do not take that seriously . ( after a beat ) where do you work ? wigand do work . lowell ( fast ) do work . wigand ( the bottom line ) how much would I get pay ? lowell that , you have to discuss with CBS Business affair . but , for something like this , I would say anywhere between 10 , 12 thousand . wigand nod " okay . " wigand should I just take the document now ? lowell if you want to do it . he turn to leave ... lowell get the door for he ... wigand momentarily slow ... wigand I work as the head of Research and development for Brown &amp ; williamson tobacco company . I be a corporate vice President . Mr. bergman ... and he go out the door ... lowell 's still . wigand 's job title resonate . lowell turn to the window , casually look into the early evening ... and he come face to face with what wigand be stare at , the Brown &amp ; williamson tobacco company headquarters Building , light up right across the street ... int . CBS , a screening room - day mike wallace ( on screen ) " President Assad of Syria say that difficult obstacle remain but that he country , quote , 'look forward to a great , long peace with Israel . ' " tail leader . then black . suddenly light come on . executive producer don hewitt be suddenly on he foot . a veritable dervish , in constant motion ... don hewitt ( kissing Mike ) it 's a peabody , Mike . when you be dead and bury , Hezbollah be the one they be gonna remember you for ... Mike , use to he , ignore he , get up , turn to leave , hewitt on he tail ... while ... lowell ( to he editor ) ... come in earlier on Mike 's Marine barrack line when he 's talk to Sheikh mussawi ... mike wallace you eat with we ? lowell yeah . mike wallace bring a tie so they will let we in the front door ... and lowell gesture for a olive-skinn woman in she late thirty , lowell 's assistant , debbie deluca , to join they . the eye contact on the way out say there 's something important he need to tell she ... ext . CBS - day there 's a blast of noise . the City . lowell , wallace , hewitt , Debbie , enter from the CBS lobby , move through the reflection . lowell be about to say something to Debbie , but bill felling , even News ' assignment editor , come the other way ... lowell Debbie ... felling hey , lowell . midstream , fast : lowell oh , Bill ... Main justice be investigate a major New York bank . launder narco dollar out of they Mexico City branch . you want it for the even News ? felling what about you , you get a crew already ? lowell I be gonna do a follow - up . felling okay . ( leave ) lowell catch ya ' later . ext . 53rd STREET , new york - day lowell , crossing ... lowell Debbie ... and , now , as they cross madison ... lowell ( cont 'd ) ( to Debbie ; finally ) I want you to get legal onto corporate confidentiality agreement . boundary of they constraint . kentucky state law about . I want you to drop everything . debbie deluca ( cut in ) okay . hewitt stop to buy a newspaper . he do not have change , Debbie do . ext . 55 th STREET ( westbound ) , new york - day and Mike , lowell and Don bang into Michael 's restaurant . we see they through the glass , be greet , people shaking they hand , escort by the maitre d' to they table as ... int . the brown &amp ; williamson build , MAIN lobby , louisville - day meanwhile , it 's static . still , freeze . Jeffrey sit in the reception area of the Brown &amp ; williamson tobacco company headquarters . complimentary cigarettes be arrange on table . a dark quiet . the hush of big business . stand in the background by a wall next to the bank of elevator , be a ever- present man , another one , with a earphone and lapel microphone ... uniformed security ( to wigand ) Mr. wigand , you can go up now ... he get up , crossing to a elevator . int . thomas sandefur' office , brown &amp ; williamson - day thomas sandefur ( be : he distraction ) sorry . I be accept a award from the retinitis pigmentosa Foundation . it 's go to kill the rest of my day . thomas sandefur be absorb in spreadsheet of regional sale figure . Dark pouch be under he eye . he do not look up . he do not look healthy . we be in a luxurious office with a view of louisville . Jeffrey be wait in a chair . sandefur be Brown &amp ; williamson 's ceo . two lawyer , they briefcase , like weapon , close at hand , sit on a couch . they jacket be off . they wear expensive shirt . thomas sandefur ( cont would ) ( finish ; look up at Jeffrey ) so. you have a chance to play golf ? surprisingly affable , sandefur pride himself on he salesman 's sunny manners . he have a mellifluous Georgia accent ... thomas sandefur ( cont 'd ) ( to the lawyer ) Jeff 's a premiere golfer ... what be you , a two handicap ? wigand ( precise ) Seven ... thomas sandefur ( to lawyer ) and , he get out there and he have five stroke on we . he have more concentration than anybody I have ever meet . it 's spooky how he can concentrate . wigand I would rather play than talk about it . ( beat ) what do you want to see I about ? I do not like be back here . sandefur smile , use to he . thomas sandefur Jeffrey say exactly what 's on he mind . most people consider what they be say ... social skill ... Jeffrey just charge right ahead . ( smile , after a beat ) now , I know you understand the nature of the confidentiality portion of you severance agreement with Brown &amp ; williamson , Jeff ... wigand chapter and verse . thomas sandefur ( nod ) yeah , I know you do ... ( beat ) you know , I come up through sale . one of the reason I be a great salesman , be I never make a promise I could not keep . ( beat ) I know that if I ever break my promise I would suffer the consequence ... and there 's a warning behind it ... wigand ( contain ) be that a threat ? thomas sandefur ... we work together for , what be it , three year ...? now , the work we do here be confidential , not for public scrutiny ... any more than be one 's family matter ... wigand ( quietly ) you threaten my family , now , too ? thomas sandefur now , do not be paranoid , Jeff . ( a beat ) about the direction of research here , we may have have we difference of opinion ... wigand " Research ... " ( smile + scorn ) you declare , as a badge of honor , you do not even know what make water boil ... thomas sandefur that 's why we hire scientist ... wigand ( interrupt , direct ) okay . ( a beat , honest ) I do not believe you can maintain corporate integrity without confidentiality agreement . I be pay well for my work . the health and welfare benefit be good . the severance package be fair . I have no intention of violate my confidentiality agreement and disclose that which I say I would not . thomas sandefur I appreciate all that , Jeff . but , upon reflection ... we have decide to expand we zone of comfort with you . and there 's a seriousness that weigh heavily on the room ... thomas sandefur ( cont 'd ) so we have draft a supplement to you agreement ... it broadly define and expands in more detail what be " confidential . " nobody will be able to say , " well , hell 's bell , Margaret , I do not know that be a secret ... " ( beat ) we be very serious about protect we interest . ( a beat ) we would like you to sign it . and he 's acutely aware of the threat behind it ... wigand ( a beat ) and if I do not ? a lawyer ( speak for sandefur ) if we " arrive " at the conclusion you be act in bad faith ? we would terminate , right now , payout under you severance package . you and you family 's medical benefit . and initiate litigation against you , Mr. wigand . wigand Dr. wigand . a lawyer ( a beat ) Dr. wigand ... after you have examine the document , you will see it be in you own best interest and you will sign it . Jeffrey slowly turn to face the attorney . and we see on he face the true nature of this man . wigand so , what you be say be : it be not enough that you fire I . for no good reason ! now you question my integrity ? on top of the humiliation of be fire ? you threaten I ?! you threaten my family ?! ( beat ) it never cross my mind not to honor my agreement ... ( turn , to sandefur ) but I will tell you , Mr. sandefur , and Brown &amp ; williamson , too ... fuck I ? ( a beat ) well , fuck you !! and with that he get up , and leave ... and it 's quiet ... a lawyer I be not sure he get the message ... thomas sandefur ( with total confidence ) oh , I think he do . ext . a phone booth , louisville - day wigand pick up the phone and dial . int . the new york restaurant - day they have finish lunch . wallace and hewitt be turn to talk to Sam cohn and a older writer as suddenly lowell 's cell phone ring . lowell ( answer ) yeah ... wigand voice ( over ) ... you fuck I ! lowell who be this ? ext . a phone booth , louisville - day wigand ( craze ) ... protect you source ...! you screw I ! you sell I out ! int . the new york restaurant - day lowell what be you talk about ? where be you ? ext . the phone booth , louisville - day wigand fuck you , too ! and he slam down the phone . int . the restaurant , new york - day lowell , hold the dead phone in he hand ... ext . a golf drive range , louisville - night we see a brightly light , golf drive range , empty , the wet grass under the light vibrant , emerald green ... a cage cart , with one big yellow headlight , like some kind of strange insect , drive across the range , pick up golf ball . and we see Jeffrey hit golf ball , drive one after another , after another ... his swing be powerful , angry , a lone golfer , try to chill out . he pause , spend . settle down , he exhales . then , he look down the way ... and he slow ... he see in the far distance , spot-lit , one other lone golfer , a stocky man , incongruously in a suit and tie , watch he ... and the man in the suit right then , with great power and a tremendous follow through drive a golf ball ... the ball slamm into the steel net . and the light suddenly go out . the range close for the night . the " insect " come to a stop . and it 's quiet , dark . Jeffrey gather up he club . he cross , he golf shoe , the metal cleat , click on the pavement , toward the parking lot . and there 's the sound of the click of golf shoe behind he . he turn . and the stocky man in the suit , carry a golf bag walk some distance behind he , stare at he . Jeffrey come to the parking lot . it 's empty . just Jeffrey 's car , and despite all the empty space , another car , purposely or otherwise , park right next to he . he cross to he car , get in ... int . wigand be car - night he drop the three club in the rear seat and settles behind the wheel . he turn . and he see the man in the suit have get in the car next to he . they look at each other . the man , in no hurry , light a cigarette , relax . it 's malevolent as hell . and Jeffrey , suddenly , grab a golf club , jump out of he car ... ext . the parking lot , drive range , louisville - night golf club in hand at the driver side window ... wigand ( motion with the club , threaten ) stay away from I ! you stay away from I ! the man start he car , and drive off nonpluss . it 's still . and as Jeffrey with the golf club stand in the empty parking lot , not know what 's threaten he , something real , something imaginary ... ext . the wigand house , louisville - wide shot : wigand ' house - early morning a violent rain 's fall . and we see Jeffrey come out of the house hold a umbrella over he little Girls . they start towards the car . there 's the sound of a car door shutting . liane , carry lunch box , come after they ... liane Jeffrey , you forget they lunch -- she slow , see someone . Jeffrey turn : it 's lowell . he 's surprised . lowell Mrs. wigand , how do you do ? wigand ( to the girl , protectively ) jump in , quick , c'mon ... lowell I be lowell bergman . we speak on the phone , remember ? the Girls climb in the car . lowell cross behind the audi around the far side . lowell ( cont 'd ) c'mere . I want to talk to you . wigand good . I want to talk to you . Jeff close the door on he daughter and join lowell around the far side of the car . wigand ( cont 'd ) ( confront he ) what do ... lowell ( run over ) I do not burn you . I do not give you up to anyone ! wigand ( continue ) this be my house ... in front of my wife , my kid ?! what business do we have ? lowell to straighten something out with you . right here . right now . wigand so , you do not mention my name ? you have not talk to anybody about I ? lowell why be I gonna mention you name ? wigand how do Brown &amp ; williamson know I speak to you ...? lowell how the hell do I know about Brown &amp ; williamson ? wigand it happen after I talk to you . I do not like coincidence ! lowell and I do not like paranoid accusation ! I be a journalist . think . use you head . how do I operate as a journalist by screwing the people who could provide I with information before they provide I with it ? wigand ( skeptical ) you come all the way down here to tell I that ? lowell no. I do not . Big tobacco be a big story . and you get something important to say . I can tell . ( a beat , personal ) but , yes . I do . I come all the way down here to tell you : story , no story , fuck you story , I do not burn people . it start to rain harder . they look at each other . Jeffrey , without say a word , get in the car . he back out . lowell , leave stand in the driveway with liane in the rain . liane go back into the house . and lowell start back across the street to he car . there 's a sound . he turn . Jeffrey 's car , have go around the corner , have come back and stop in the street . wigand ( after a beat ) ride with I while I take the girl to school ... lowell hesitates , then get into the car in the back seat . int . wigand be car - morning they drive away . lowell , incongruously sit in the back seat with Barbara . Jeffrey and deborah in the front seat . and it 's quiet , just the sound of the wiper on the window . and as lowell ride with they ... ext . a riverside parking lot in louisville - wide rear shot - morning we see the car 's park in a weed - strewn empty lot . rain , pound on it and the surface of the river beyond ... wigand voice ( over ) ... and my little girl have acute asthma ... deborah . my eldest daughter . int . wigand be car , louisville - rear two shot - morning the Girls be go . we enter mid-scene . lowell 's still in the back seat ... wigand ( cont 'd ) and , I be unemployed . so I have to protect my medical coverage . ( the bottom line ; turn to look at lowell in the rear seat ) ... so I leave they a message this morning . they expand confidentiality agreement ? I will sign it . lowell they be afraid of you , be not they ? wigand they should be . the sound of the rain ... lowell ( after a beat , try to make it easier for he ) talk to I outside the zone of you agreement ? wigand ( guard ) like what ? lowell like where would you work before Brown &amp ; williamson ? wigand ( a beat ) Johnson &amp ; Johnson . Union carbide in Japan . I be general manager and director of new product . I speak japanese . I be a director of corporate development at pfizer . all health - related . ( wry ) what else ? outside the " zone " ...? lowell I do not know ... you think the knick be gonna make it through the semi-finals ? wigand smile ... as they eye meet in the rear view mirror . a subtle connection ... it pass ... dissolve to : int . wigand be car - wide frontal - day Jeff 's car in the field , the giant colgate - palmolive clock behind . the rain stop . steam rise from the weed strewn empty lot . lowell 's in the front seat . and we get the feel they have be talk for hour ... lowell' voice ( over ) just give I a example ... wigand for example . James burke , the ceo of Johnson &amp ; Johnson ... when he find out that some lunatic have put poison in tylenol bottle , he do not argue with the fda ... he do not even wait for the fda to tell he . he just pull tylenol off every shelf of every store right across America . instantly . and then he develop the safety cap ... because , look , as a ceo , sure , he 's gotta be a great businessman , right ? but he 's also a man of science . he 's not go to allow he company ... to put on the shelf ... a product that might hurt people . ( sarcastic ) not like the Seven dwarf ... lowell Seven dwarf ? wigand the seven ceo of Big tobacco ... they get up in front of Congress that time ... it be on television ... lowell ... and swore under oath that they know nothing about addiction , disease ... wigand it be on c-span . yeah . lowell okay , so , here you be ... you go to work for tobacco . ( after beat ) you come from corporate culture where research , really , creative think , this be core value . you go to tobacco ... tobacco be a sale culture . market and sell enormous volume . go to a lot of golf tournament . the hell with everything else . ( beat ) what be you do ? why be you work for " tobacco " in the first place ? wigand ( deadly honest ) I can not talk about it . the work I be suppose to do ... might have have some positive effect . I do not know ... it could have be beneficial . ( bitterness there ) mostly , I get pay a lot . I take the money . my wife be happy . my kid have good medical . good school . get a great house . ( simply ) I mean , what the hell be wrong with that ...? he look at lowell , as if need validation ... lowell nothing 's wrong with that . that 's it ; you be make money ... you be provide for you family ? what could be wrong with that ? it 's quiet . after some moment ... wigand I have always think of myself ... as a man of science . that 's what 's wrong with it . lowell then ... you be in a state of conflict , Jeff . Jeffrey do not say anything . lowell ( cont 'd ) because , look , here 's how it lay out : if you get vital , insider stuff the american people for they welfare really do need to know ... and you feel impell to disclose it and violate you agreement in do so , that 's one thing . on the other hand , if you want to honor this agreement , then that 's simple . you do so . you say nothing . you do nothing . there 's only one guy who can figure that out for you . and that 's you . all by yourself . lowell 's evenhand ... be it too evenhand ? as wigand contemplate the edge he 's stand on , they be quiet . then wigand see the time ... wigand I have get to go pick up the girl . they only have half a day ... lowell nod . Jeffrey start the car . the windshield wiper screech on a dry window . they eye meet . as they drive off ...we hold on the colgate - palmolive clock . int . a kitchen area , CBS office , new york - day we have enter mid-scene ... a monitor on a cart play a 1 / 2 - inch vcr of a c-span broadcast . Seven ceo of Big tobacco ... in front of a bas relief of the american eagle . each in turn swear nicotine be not addictive or he do not know anything about health risk , they be not sure , maybe , maybe not , etc .... lowell ( over ) he refer to this ... the Seven dwarf ... mike wallace ( over ) what " Seven dwarf ? " lowell ( over ) the seven ceo of Big tobacco ... referred to this ... Said they should be afraid of he ... I assume , afraid of what he could reveal . ( to staff lawyer ) now , you tell I . what do this guy have to say that threaten this people ? and , now , we see lowell , Mike wallace and Debbie deluca with two staff lawyer , MARK stern and JOHN harris , sit around a workstation use as a improvise eat area . Beyond they be the " 60 minute " office , workstation , pile of material , television monitor hang from the ceiling , all tune to CBS programming ... mike wallace well , it be not " cigarettes be bad for you " ... lowell hardly new news . mike wallace no shit . lowell what 's this ? MARK stern ( be : video ) what that be be tobacco 's standard defense . it 's the " we do not know " litany : " addiction ? we believe not . Disease ? we do not know . we take a bunch of leave , roll them together . you smoke them . after that ? you be on you own . we do not know . " ( beat ) so ... tell I nothing . ( beat ) besides , you will never get what he 's get . lowell why not ? JOHN harris because of this guy 's confidentiality agreement , he be never gonna be able to talk to you . lowell that 's not good enough . this guy be the top scientist in the number three tobacco company in America . he 's a corporate officer . you never get whistle - blower from fortune 500 company . this guy be the ultimate insider . he 's get something to say ; he want to say it ; I want it on " 60 Minutes . " JOHN harris do not matter what he want . mike wallace be I miss something here ? JOHN harris what do you mean , Mike ? mike wallace he 's get a corporate secrecy agreement ? give I a break . this be a public-health issue , like a unsafe airframe on a passenger jet or ... some company dump cyanide into the East River . issue like that ? he can talk , we can air it . they have get no right to hide behind a corporate agreement . ( be : he coffee ) pass the milk ... JOHN harris ( do ) they do not need the right . they have get the money . MARK stern the unlimited checkbook . that 's how Big tobacco win every time . on everything . they spend you to death . $ 600 million a year in outside legal . chadbourne - parke . Ken Starr 's firm , kirkland and Ellis . listen . GM and Ford , they get nail after 11 or 12 pick - up blow up . right ? this clown have never ... I mean ever ... JOHN harris not even once ... MARK stern ... not even with hundred of thousand die each year from a illness related to they product ... have ever lose a personal - injury lawsuit . on this case , they will issue gag order , sue for breach , anticipatory breach , enjoin he , you , we , he pet dog , the dog 's veterinarian ... tie he up in litigation for ten of fifteen year . I be tell you , they bat a thousand . every time . he know that . that 's why he 's not gonna talk to you ... lowell 's be quiet , think about something else ... now ... lowell okay , let 's look through the look glass the other way ... mike wallace what do you mean ? lowell we get a guy ... who want to talk but he 's constrain . ( beat ) what if he be " compel " ? mike wallace ( eat ) oh , torture ? great rating . MARK stern what do you mean compel ? lowell ( seriously ) I mean compel by a justice Department , state court , be a witness . that would cut through any confidentiality agreement , would not it ? MARK stern yeah ... debbie deluca what do that do ? lowell what do you mean , what 's it do ? debbie deluca what I mean be , like , how do it cut through the confidentiality agreement ? lowell because he have to reveal it in a court of law . it 's on record , it 's out . it 's no secret anymore . so how can they restrain he speech or retaliate ? it 's out in the world ... MARK stern ( nod ) if you could engineer it into the court record , you might have something . they would have a helluva time try to restrain he speech then , would not they ? pause . JOHN harris ( still skeptical ) yeah , but what venue ? and where do he get - do he have killer attorney ? lowell I do not think he 's get any attorney . MARK stern he 's gonna need attorney who be not afraid of risk year of litigation . and million of dollar of they own dough in legal cost ... lowell what do you say , Mike ? what do you think ? mike wallace ( pause ) even if he get the defense team , will he go for it ? int . a high school cafeteria , louisville - day mrs . watson ... you be awfully overqualified , Dr. wigand . the aftermath of a high school lunch . tables , cover with litter , as far as the eye can see . and we see Jeffrey sit with a formidable Black woman in she mid-fifty , the High School principal , cynthia watson , drink cup of coffee ... wigand ( after a beat , awkward ) I be try to ... start a new career ... I believe I could be a good teacher ... she 's quiet . she sense this applicant have a lot on he mind . mrs . watson let I give it some think ... wigand ( sell ) ... and not a lot of company in the health - care field hire ex- tobacco scientist . she nod , study he . they get up . int . the wigand ' house , louisville - day the house be nearly empty . liane , arm fold across she chest , be quietly stand in the empty live room . Jeffrey come down the stair ... wigand that 's it ... and it 's quiet . and liane hold herself , overcome ... liane ( beat ) that 's where we baby be bear ... Debbie take she first step , right there ... in the grass . and they be quiet . liane ( cont 'd ) I do not plan on this ... liane look at he , afraid . and as he move to hold she . wigand hey , hey , hey , c'mon . c'mon . we can make this work for we . okay ? it 's just ... it 's a smaller scale . simpler ... easier ... more time . more time together . more time with the kid . more time for we , okay ? it 's just ... can you imagine I come home from some job feel good at the end of the day ? this be gonna be better . this be gonna be better . and instead of this downturn turn they against each other , it bring they closer together . and as they stand in the empty house ... int . the wigand ' new house - day we see unpack box in the small 1970 's kitchen . country - western music be play on a radio . and we see liane busily put thing away in a cabinet . and , then , stop and look out the window . she tighten a knob on a cabinet . there 's a moment of domestic peace for she as she see ... ext . the wigand ' new house , the backyard - day Jeffrey with the Girls in a part of the backyard , kneel in the dirt , plant a vegetable garden , put in some small tomato trellise . we see the house , now . it 's a small , one story . deborah see she mom and wave . it 's a image from the 1950 's post - war boom . liane wave back from behind the pane of glass ... int . wigand ' house # 2 , bedroom - late night Jeffrey 's asleep on he side next to liane , she back to he . his arm be drape over she , protectively . there 's a sound . he turn . and he see Barbara in she nightgown , stand in the doorway ... wigand hey , baby . what 's wrong ? barbara ( terrify , whisper ) what 's that outside , daddy ? wigand do you see somebody or do you hear they ? barbara I hear they . wigand where ? barbara in the backyard . fast , soundlessly , he 's out of bed into old moccasin and trousers ... int . the wigand ' house , basement - late night Jeffrey go into a corner of the basement , around the corner from the furnace , where he " office " be now . unpacked box be on the floor . he fumble with the combination lock on a small gun safe , lift the lid , take out a hand gun . Barbara follow he . wigand sit at daddy 's desk , okay ? why do not you just sit up at the desk . get out some paper and draw I a picture , okay ? what be you gonna draw I , baby ? a animal , something like that ? you stay down here until daddy get back ... alright , Barbara ? you stay down here . he keep it hide from Barbara . he go up the stair . ext . wigand ' house # 2 , backyard - late night it 's still . he step further out onto the lawn with its dark shrub and small tree in the corner . int . wigand ' house # 2 , basement - late night meanwhile , Barbara in the basement , start as the water heater come on , scare she . she go up the stair to follow after she father ... ext . wigand ' house # 2 , backyard - late night meanwhile , Jeffrey have cross towards the darker back corner . sudden rustling . he spin , gun ready . and the yellow eye of a raccoon stare at he . wigand ( to himself ) you almost get you damn head blow off ... the raccoon defiantly bare its tooth . Jeffrey start to go ... but he see something and stop ... meanwhile , Barbara have come to the slide glass door ... Jeffrey see one of the tomato trellise be crush , step on ... and in the vegetable garden 's earth , be distinct , fresh , deep footprint ... barbara' voice ( over ) daddy ... wigand step between she and the garden , hide it ... extremely close on jeffrey , as he cover , try to keep from he daughter the invasion , try to control he emotion ... wigand ( reassure she ) it 's just a raccoon , baby ... nothing . he cross to she , put he arm , around she , walk she back inside ... wigand ( cont 'd ) they be nocturnal . you know what that mean ? that mean that they only come out at nighttime . he lock the slide glass door , take a last look outside . int . lowell' house in berkeley - late at night the phone suddenly ring . lowell asleep , alone ... he get it ... lowell ( sleepy ) yeah ... int . wigand ' new house , hallway - late at night it 's dark , save a light from the live room . liane , in bed , seemingly sleep . and we see Jeffrey , just outside they door in the foyer , sit on the floor against a curve wall , a drink at he side on the telephone ... a man with no one to talk to ... wigand ( after a beat ) lowell ... Jeffrey wigand ... int . lowell' house , berkeley - late at night lowell sit up ... wigand voice ( over ) be it too late ? lowell no . no , it 's okay ... how 's - how 's the new place ? int . the wigand ' new house - late at night wigand the new place ? New . int . lowell' house , berkeley - late at night lowell ( intuit ) you okay ? wigand voice ( over ) sure . lowell know he be not ... lowell you know , I be think of call you tomorrow , anyway . ( beat ) how be you kid handle the new house ? int . wigand ' new house , louisville - late at night wigand good. ( beat ) you have kid ? lowell' voice ( over ) we have a couple . one 's hers , one 's mine . everybody use a different name . ( wry ) modern marriage . ( beat ) how 's liane ? wigand she 's okay . he look at liane for beat . we see he Pov in medium shot . then he move and sit on the floor in the live room . wigand ( cont 'd ) hold on a minute , lowell ... ( after a beat ) ... somebody ... may be follow I . I do not know . they come on the property ... lowell' voice ( over ) what do you mean follow you ? do you call the police ? wigand I do not want to be paranoid ... I mean , maybe it 's a game . some kind of mind game . lowell' voice ( over ) well , what do you really think , though ? wigand I do not know what the fuck I really think ! be they do it ? be some crank do it ? be they do it to make I feel paranoid ? be they do it for real and do not give a shit what I think ? I do not know ! I do not fuck know . and it 's quiet again . int . lowell' house , berkeley - late at night lowell sit in bed on the phone , alarmed , share wigand 's fear . lowell Jeffrey , describe for I in detail what happen . int . wigand ' house , louisville - late night and Jeffrey 's emotion be back in check as ... wigand well , no , look ... I mean , there be a footprint . forget it . it 's probably not important at all . ( beat ) you know , I get a job now . I be teach high school . japanese and chemistry . ( beat ) so , what be you call about ? lowell' voice ( over ) you call I . he take another drink ... wigand no , you say you be go to call I tomorrow . so , what about ? lowell ( after a beat ) oh , yes , yes , yes , I do ... I want to talk to you . I want to hook up and talk to you . about what we be talk about in you car . wigand ...okay . lowell ( after a beat ) make you feel good ? put what you know to use ? Jeffrey 's impressed by lowell 's perceptivity ... wigand how would you know that , lowell ? lowell it 's obvious , be not it ? he look at liane in the next room , asleep . lowell ( cont 'd ) hello . you there wigand yeah ... look , thanks for talk . I be sorry I wake you up . lowell it 's okay . Jeffrey hesitates , hold the phone , then he hang up ... but the phone ring right away . wigand lowell ...? but there 's thick silence . wigand ( cont 'd ) who be this ? do not call here ! do not ... they hang up . and he realize he 's talk to a dial tone . he hang up . and as he sit in the patch of light from a street lamp , the gun in he hand on he lap , to be up all night guard he family ... int . there bedroom - late night and past liane 's sleep form down the hall into the live room be she husband , he back to she , sit in the trapezoid of light . and as we dolly along she side , we come upon she face and discover she 's be up all along and she eye be press shut , she hand over she ear ... she reaction to he raging on the phone . she 's far from " okay . " int . a japanese restaurant , WASHINGTON D.C. - night and we see lowell and wigand sit in they stock foot at a traditional japanese table in a private screen room ... a traditionally - dress japanese waitress wait to take they order ... wigand converse with she in japanese ... the waitress formally nod , and leave ... lowell what do you get we ? wigand Tempura ... and wigand drink some more saki . wigand ( cont would ) the internet say you do graduate work in Wisconsin , then go to uc La Jolla with Professor ... Marcus ? lowell marcuse . yeah . he be my mentor . he have a major influence on the New Left in the late ' 60 ... and on I , personally . wigand next to you father ? lowell my father ? what the hell 's that get to do with my father ? wigand be that why you become a journalist ? then you get to ask all the question ? lowell you charge by the hour ? wigand my father be a mechanical engineer ... most ingenious man I ever know . lowell well , my father leave we when I be five - year old . he be not the most ingenious man I ever know ... let 's get back to Brown &amp ; williamson . if you decide to go on " 60 Minutes , " I get to know everything about why you get fire . wigand why ? lowell they be gonna dig up stuff from you past , they be gonna throw it at you . I get to know what they be gonna throw . you understand ? wigand ( concede ) I drink . a couple of occasion more than I should have . ( think ) I be cite for shoplift once . but it be a mistake ... ( hesitant , after a beat ) I push liane one time . we be both stress out because of the pressure . she go to she mother 's . ( out of the blue ) I get fire because when I get angry I have difficulty censor myself . and I do not like to be push around ! lowell I be not push you around ! ( after a beat ) I be ask you question . wigand I be just a commodity to you , be not I ? I could be anything . right ? anything worth put on between commercial ... lowell ( honest ) ...to a network , probably , we be all commodity . ( beat ) to I ? you be not a commodity . what you be be important . and he 's begin to consciously or unconsciously " sell " ... lowell ( cont would ) you go public and thirty - million people hear what you get to say , nothing , I mean nothing , will ever be the same again . wigand do not react . lowell ( cont would ) you believe that ? wigand ( skeptical ) no. lowell you should . because when you be do , a judgment be go to go down in the court of public opinion , my friend . and that 's the power you have . wigand you believe that ? lowell I believe that ? yes , I believe that . wigand you believe that because you get information out to people ... something happen ? lowell yes . wigand maybe that 's just what you have be tell yourself all this year to justify have a good job ? have status ? and maybe for the audience , it 's just voyeurism ? something to do on a Sunday night . and maybe it will not change a fuck thing . and people like myself and my family be leave hang out to dry . use up ! break , alone ! lowell be you talk to I or do somebody else just walk in here ?! I never abandon a source ! wigand I do not think you really understand -- lowell ( run over ) no , do not evade a choice you gotta make be question my reputation or " 60 Minutes ' " with this cheap skepticism ! wigand I have to put my family 's welfare on the line here , my friend ! and what be you puttin ' up ? you be puttin ' up word ! lowell word ! while you have be dickin ' around at fuck company golf tournament , I be out in the world , give my word and back it up with action . lowell be get very close , in spite of the value of wigand , to tell Jeff to take he story and stick it up he ass . lowell ( cont would ) now , be you go to go do this thing , or not ? wigand abruptly rise ... wigand ( surprisingly mild ) I say I would call the kid before they go to bed . onisa ... and turn , he cross the restaurant . and that 's where it hang . int . a CBS editing suite , new york - day and we see we be watch footage in a on-line editing bay from what we will learn be lowell 's " n.o.p.d. Blue " on police corruption in New Orleans . lowell , tony baldo ( he editor ) , Debbie and a intense young man wear glass , a intern , look at the cut . all the police be on horseback , lot of cop on horse . lowell be wait for a call to go through ... lowell the stringer be suppose to be shoot b-roll on street cop in New Orleans . what 's with all the horse ? tony baldo camera guy 's get a thing about mount police . lowell ( be : horse ) do not any of this guy ride in car or walk ? tony baldo how long do he stay on this ? lowell what be he see ? debbie deluca ( into phone ) yes , hello ... I be try to reach Mr. Richard scrugg ... int . a lear jet - day and we see the pilot , a fit-look , unassume man , wear aviator glass , in he late forty . a heavyset man in he forty , riding up in the co-pilot 's seat we will come to know as ron motley . the Pilot 's on a headset ... he have a distinctive Southern accent ... the pilot this be Richard scrugg ... debbie deluca could you hold on one second , please ? ( to lowell ) lowell , I get he on the phone . lowell' voice ( over ) hello , I be lowell bergman . richard scrugg hold on ... mobile approach ... this be lear November 643 . over . control operator' voice ( over ) go ahead 643 . richard scrugg ( after a beat ) request a flight level 220 , on a head of 284 degree . over. ( after a beat ) Mr. bergman ? lowell yes , I be right here . could you call I back on a hard line ? richard scrugg alright . lowell Area code 212-555-0199 . richard scrugg I will call you then . int . a lounge , private aviation terminal - day through the window , we see scrugg ' plane be refuele while scrugg and motley in a run-down lounge be talk on a speaker phone with lowell . they have take over the Secretary 's office for privacy . lowell ( be : footage ) what do we do with that ? the phone ring . debbie deluca I do not know . richard scrugg ' voice ( over ) Richard scrugg ... lowell ... you file a lawsuit against tobacco on behalf of the State of Mississippi , do you not ? richard scrugg ( nod ) that 's right ... lowell ( after a beat ) well , I be work with someone , now , who be the former head of research at Brown &amp ; williamson , a former corporate officer there . richard scrugg what 's you interest in this , Mr. bergman ? lowell well , he may tape a interview with we . and , we believe if he testimony show up in a court record first , it would free he up from he confidentiality agreement and give he some protection . motley it could work . if it 's public record , it 's public record . lowell yeah , and he 's go to need legal representation . motley he sure as hell will . richard scrugg ( a beat ) have he decide to go public ? because let I tell you , we have be do this for three year now , and we have work with a lot of corporate case involve whistle - blower , so we know ... Big tobacco will do everything in they power to stop he . so , be you man truly commit ? lowell well , actually , no . well , he 's on the fence . that 's the point . scrugg and motley exchange a look ... motley shrug ... richard scrugg well , we would certainly be interested in make he acquaintance , but without know what he 's go to do ... lowell well , would you want he to call you ? or , you want to call he ? how do you want to do it ? richard scrugg ( no nonsense ) it would be better if he call we . lowell yeah . richard scrugg alright ? lowell okay . thank you . at this moment , this two attorney be unsold on the prospect of Jeffrey wigand . scrugg disconnect . lowell ( cont would ) shit ... int . CBS editing suite , new york - day lowell ( contemplate phone ; to Debbie be : show ) oh , we need cop on the street . we do not need they on horse . debbie deluca I do not know what he be think . lowell oh , for God 's sake , what have this guy get , a horse fetish ? debbie deluca alright , alright . lowell get I to New Orleans this afternoon . I will shoot the fuck thing myself ! tighten on mount New Orleans police at crime scene , herding crowd . int . the wigand ' new house , kitchen - twilight liane cooking dinner , make pasta . ingredient , dice tomato , basil , be neatly order . she 's wait for water to boil . the kid be do homework on the round table in the kitchenette . it 's a idle moment . she 's daze - out watch they . deborah what be you cooking ? liane I be cooking pasta primavera . deborah oh , I love that stuff . and now she hear from the basement the bell ring on Jeffrey 's computer . it 's a tiny bell , incessant ... she cross to the basement stair . liane I be go to have to go downstairs . int . wigand ' new house , basement office - night liane down the stair , approach Jeffrey 's computer . and she sees a income e-mail icon - a large letter with wing - fly repetitively across the screen . the bell ringing be louder . she call - up the e-mail ... on the screen in large red letter : we will kill you . we will kill all of you . shut the fuck up . and now liane be shouting and run up the stair and ... liane Debbie , Barbara ... Debbie ! ext . the wigand ' house , louisville - evening Jeffrey , have arrive home from work , pull the mail out of the mailbox , now stand , freeze , stare at something ... and he see , stand upright in the back of the mail box , like a monument of threat , a single hollow point .38 caliber bullet . he freeze ... and simultaneously ... liane and the Girls be run toward he ... like in a bad fuck dream . he 's look at they . liane be say something about e-mail , but he slow - motion attention be still arrest by the statuesque bullet . as they close on he ... ext . new orlean , the french quarter - night and we see lowell light by flashing police light . we be at a crime scene . uniform cop on horseback . just arrive , the cameraman 's unload he gear , prepare to shoot b-roll . lowell what happen ? cop dispatch receive a call of shot fire in the area . uniform arrive on the scene and find this white male subject shot to death . lowell be it gang related ? cop there 's no indication as far as a tag or a advertisement ... Police move around as lowell 's cell phone ring ... lowell ( answer ) Excuse I . yeah ... int . wigand ' house , bedroom - night wigand they be terrorize we . death threat ?! to my family ? my kid ?! lowell' voice ( over ) what be you talk about ? wigand someone put a bullet in my mailbox . lowell Jeff , call the FBI right away ... wigand they do this with impunity ! lowell Jeff ... wigand they get to go home at night . what do it cost this people to do this to we ? nothing ?! my girl be cry , so fuck they ! I want to tape ! I be do think about it . lowell' voice ( over ) ( frustrated ) I hear you . but I get to arrange a legal defense first . I get to get you to testify in court , get it on public record . wigand ( cut in ) then hold it off the air until you get that . but I want to go to New York . and I want to go on the record . right now ! lowell good . but Jeff ... wigand I will call they , lowell . int . wigand house , louisville - night and two older , local FBI agent # 1 and # 2 be sit with Jeffrey in he live room ... FBI agent # 2 do you handle the round , Mr. wigand ? wigand yes , I be afraid I do . FBI agent # 1 we will not be able to lift usable print . FBI agent # 2 do you own a gun , Mr. wigand ? wigand a gun ? yes . FBI agent # 2 what caliber be you gun ? wigand what caliber be my gun ? FBI agent # 2 yes , sir . what caliber be you gun ? wigand ( a dawn realization ) what do that have to do with the price of tea in China ? now one of the kid be cry , liane try to calm she , take she out of the room . wigand ( cont 'd ) ( a beat , realize ) you think I put that bullet in the mailbox myself ...? FBI agent # 2 if we could take a look , Mr. wigand ... and he get up ... they follow he into the bedroom . he unlock the side drawer on he night stand , take out a gun , give it to one of the Agents . FBI agent # 1 why do you keep this gun ? wigand I do not think it 's unconstitutional yet to own a gun . I be a target shooter . FBI agent # 2 that bullet be for a .38 caliber . do you own a .38 ? wigand yes , I do . a .38 target master . in my gun safe downstairs . a .45 gold cup. a .22 target pistol . so what ? FBI agent # 2 ( after a beat ) do you have a history of emotional problem , Mr. wigand ? wigand yes . yes , I do . ( beat ) yes , I get extremely emotional when asshole put bullet in my mailbox ...! and we hear liane 's voice from downstairs ... liane's voice ( over ) ( upset ) I do not tell you that so you could just pick it up and take it away . Jeffrey ! and we see liane follow FBI agent # 3 , come up the stair from the basement , and the agent be carry Jeffrey 's computer ... wigand what 's go on ? liane I tell he that you have a e-mail death threat that say if you do not shut the " F " up , they be go to kill you ... agent # 3 start out of the house with the computer follow by # 2 . Jeffrey run out after they . ext . the wigand ' house - night wigand ( outrage ) you can not take that ... it 's personal property ...! FBI agent # 2 ( or # 3 ) we have a search warrant , Mr. wigand . there 's be a death threat . wigand ( after he ) ... my file ! personal correspondence ... agent # 3 ignore he , put the computer in the trunk of they car . and FBI agent # 1 , the .38 bullet in a baggie , come out of the house . wigand ( cont 'd ) ... letter to my brother ... my will . his shoe slip on the grass and he fall . and the FBI be get into they car . and neighbor have come out , watch they . liane and the girl , stand halfway down the front lawn , the neighbor look at they . she and Jeffrey look at each other . will she go to he or not ? she go to he as he rise ... wigand ( cont would ) that computer have everything ... FBI agent # 2 you alright , Mr. wigand ? FBI agent # 1 we need to take a look at you gun safe , Mr. wigand . ext . new orlean , the french quarter - night lowell ( interrupt ) I be tell you , you agent in that office be act improperly ! now , who be they try to protect ? and we see a man in he early forty , a neatly - dress man who pride himself on he appearance , at he desk in the Bureau ( FBI ) . bill robertson . he 's completely distract , focus on agent travel order ... bill robertson' voice ( over ) let I tell you something , lowell . look , look , look . you be talk about two agent in a regional office in louisville . I get the goddamn unabomber threaten to blow up lax ! I gotta move 45 agent from all over the country into L.A. alright ? when I get a chance , I will give it a look ... lowell ( heat ) you better take a good look ! because I be get two thing : piss off and curious ! now , any of this guy be offer job in corporate security after they retire ? either one of that guy have ex- agent pal already in that job ? like , for instance , they ex-supervisor , who 's already at Brown &amp ; williamson as we fuck speak ? int . bill robertson' office , WASHINGTON - night bill robertson ( beat ) I will give it a look . lowell you be get my drift ? bill robertson I will give it a look . he hang up . int . dine room , the four season HOTEL , new york - night and we slide by some elegant diner to fall onto lowell and Mike wallace with Jeffrey and liane in the Hotel 's dining room , have order dinner . lowell so , be everything okay ? mike wallace how be the room ? comfortable ? liane ( to Mike ) yes , very . you know , I enjoy you work so much ... when you be talk to somebody , I always feel like I be right there . and she laugh ... mike wallace thank you get say that ... lowell do you think we could talk about the taping ? tomorrow 's taping , just so we can get it out of the way and order ... mike wallace yeah , well , question will go toward what work you do there , why you be fire . and other will deal ... liane ( not sure she quite hear ) ... taping ? ( beat ) what be you taping ? wigand I be do a interview . liane ( whisper ) a interview ! do you know what they will do to we ...! I think ... sorry . but she suddenly get up and leave , hurry out of the dining room . and Jeffrey oddly do not move . lowell ( try to intervene ) liane , this be a preliminary ... ( after a beat ) you do not tell she we be taping ? what do she think she be come to New York for ? wigand ...to talk about it . to think about it . I have a plan to ease she into it . but , I really - I do not know how to do that ... Jeffrey abruptly cross to the nearby bar . lowell oh , man . mike wallace who be this people ? lowell ( frustrated ) ordinary people ! under extraordinary pressure , Mike . what the hell do you expect ? Grace and consistency ? and lowell leave the table . and as Mike wallace sit at the table , look around , wonder what the fuck he 's do there . int . the bathroom , new york HOTEL - night liane fold she arm protectively across she chest ... int . a studio , CBS - morning and we see a small taping studio separate by flat and black curtain from other CBS News set . cameras be set up . int . the studio , CBS - day and we enter mid-scene on Jeffrey in a more formal demeanor , sit in a chair , Mike wallace sit across from he , under the light , taping a interview . lowell , off camera . mike wallace you hear Mr. sandefur say before Congress that he believe nicotine be not addictive ...? wigand ( nod ) ... I believe Mr. sandefur perjure himself because I watch that testimony very carefully . lowell 's reaction . Jeffrey 's statement be stun and powerful revelation ... and dangerous one to make . mike wallace all of we do . there be this whole line of people ... whole line of ceo up there all swear . wigand part of the reason I be here be I feel that they representation clearly misstate , at least within Brown &amp ; williamson 's representation , clearly misstate ... what be common language within the company ... we be in the nicotine delivery business . mike wallace and that 's what cigarettes be for ...? wigand a delivery device for nicotine . mike wallace a delivery device for nicotine . put it in you mouth , light it up , and you be gonna get you fix ... wigand you be gonna get you fix ... mike wallace you be say that Brown &amp ; williamson manipulate and adjust the nicotine fix , not by artificially add nicotine , but by enhance the effect of nicotine through the use of chemical element such as ammonia ... wigand ( nod ) the process be know as " impact boost ... " while not spike nicotine , they clearly manipulate it . there 's extensive use of this technology , know as " ammonia chemistry . " it allow for the nicotine to be more rapidly absorb in the lung and therefore affect the brain and central nervous system . int . the studio , CBS - later wigand the straw that break the camel 's back for I and really put I in trouble with sandefur be a compound call " coumarin . " when I come on board at b&amp ; W , they have try to transition from coumarin to a similar flavor that would give the same taste , and have be unsuccessful . I want it out immediately . I be tell that it would affect sale , so I should mind my own business . I construct a memo to Mr. sandefur indicate I could not in conscience continue with coumarin in a product that we now know , we have documentation , be similar to coumadin , a lung-specific carcinogen ... mike wallace and you send the document forward to sandefur ? wigand I send the document forward to sandefur . I be tell that we would continue to work on a substitute , we be not go to remove it as it would impact sale , and that that be he decision . mike wallace in other word , you be charge sandefur and Brown &amp ; williamson with ignore health consideration consciously ... wigand most certainly . mike wallace and on March 24 , Thomas sandefur , ceo of Brown &amp ; williamson have you fire . and the reason he give you ? wigand poor communication skill . mike wallace and , do you wish you have not come forward ? you wish you have not blow the whistle ? wigand yeah , there be time I wish I have not do it . there be time I feel compel to do it . if you ask I would I do it again ? do I think it 's worth it ? yeah , I think it 's worth it . int . a high school science CLASS , louisville - afternoon not too many kid pay attention . meanwhile , Jeffrey have write he name on the blackboard . wigand hi . kide ( in unison ) hi. wigand my name be Jeff wigand . you can call I Mr. wigand ; you can call I Dr. wigand -- I have a Ph.D. in biochemistry and endocrinology ; you can call I Jeff ... ( beat ) anything else you want to call I ... you will have to do so in private ... ( a few kid smile ) okay ... I find chemistry to be magical . I find it a adventure . a exploration into the building block of we physical universe ... ( beat ) so , how many of you have take chemistry before ? nobody raise they hand . wigand ( cont 'd ) ( easy smile ) okay ... I have never teach it before , so we be gonna be fine . a couple of laugh ... and we feel Jeffrey , for the first time be in a milieu that suit he . wigand ( cont would ) we first experiment be ... ( hold up cigarette lighter ) ... go to be measure the molecular weight of butane ... int . scrugg ' office scrugg ' office be decorate with watercolor of phantom jet and a - `s as scrugg take off he glass ... charlene he 's on line three . int . high school corridor Jeffrey wigand be on a pay phone in the corridor crowded with student ... richard scrugg hello . wigand Mr. scrugg , Jeff wigand . lowell bergman say I should give you a call ... int . scrugg ' office richard scrugg my co-counsel , ron motley , and I have file a lawsuit against the tobacco industry on behalf of the State of Mississippi to get the state reimburse medicaid cost for treat people with smoking - related illness . ( beat ) if you would be interested in talk to we , we would certainly like to talk to you ... wigand when should we do this ? ext . wigand house # 2 , louisville - twilight Jeffrey drive up the block and onto he driveway . see a man in a suit , a ear piece in he ear , disappear around the corner of he house , Jeffrey leap out of the car . but the front door 's open . so instead of chase after , he run inside ... int . the wigand house , live room - day / twilight and he see another man be in the live room ... wigand who the hell be you ?! what be you do in my house ?! and he see lowell enter from the dining room ... lowell it 's okay , Jeff . security guard Mr. wigand , you need to speak to ... lowell ( wry ) it 's okay . you get you own security now ... wigand catch he breath . wigand lowell , I can not afford -- lowell ... they " volunteer . " a friend own a large security company . talifaro how be you do , Mr. wigand ? I be jon talifaro . there will be three of we on detail . liane ( crossing through ) I be go to the store . please explain we new " houseguest " to you child . and wigand look at lowell ... Barbara come into the live room and hold onto she father 's leg . wigand I call Richard scrugg in Mississippi ... lowell I hear . wigand I be go to be a witness for they in they litigation . so I be go to fly to pascagoula to give a deposition ... lowell I know . I be go to go there tonight ... wigand do you have a good day ? deborah yes , I do . I have a great day . wigand coffee , lowell ? lowell yeah . ( to kid ) want to play that game we be play before ? you know , I think you get it up to five . I be ahead of you . she go over and hold he hand . and as he hold she hand , see what he life have become , he look up and he glance connect with lowell ... int . the kitchen , the wigand ' house - night we see out the window a Security Guard , incongruous , walk by . and we see liane , finish with the dinner dish , silently wiping off the sink . there 's a pall you could cut with a knife . a moment , and Jeffrey come in the kitchen door from the garden ... he stop to wash he hand in the sink . liane please do not wash you hand in the sink . wigand where should I wash they ? liane use the bathroom . wigand what 's the difference ... liane that 's for food . but he ignore she , wash he hand ... and she turn the water off . he turn it back on . he think , then turn it off . then she turn it on . liane ( cont would ) leave it on ! just leave it on , okay ?! and she turn and leave the room , coldly , all she anger repress . for Jeffrey , everything else and now this ? the run faucet . ext . the wigand ' house , louisville - late night the house on the quiet suburban street . a Security Guard , incongruous , a noticeable bulge where he shoulder holster be , sit watch under the porch light on the small front porch in a metal porch chair . int . the basement , the wigand ' house - late night and we see Jeffrey , unable to sleep , sit at he desk , alone in the basement , listen to classical music . he instinctively turn . and he see liane , in she bathrobe , have come down to sit on the basement stair . he look over at she . and he think she 's come down to make up . and all she really want he to do be say , " I need you ... " but he can not ... and like ship that pass in the night , nothing 's say . it 's quiet . she put she hand protectively in she robe pocket . and she start to cry ... liane I do not think I can do this ... I want to stand by my husband ... I really do , Jeffrey . but I do not think I can do this anymore . I be so sorry ... wigand can we talk about this when I get back ? liane yes ... Jeffrey . she go back up the stair . and as Jeffrey sit in the basement , and the music play . int . the louisville airport - day we see Jeffrey and he Security man . he pass a small filipino woman in a nurse 's uniform and a man in clerical garb , who hand he a small american flag , ask for donation . and , now , he pass through the metal detector . he nod thanks and walk towards we , relax , look behind every so often to see if anybody be follow he . as he pass Gate 3 , he hear over he shoulder ... the man ( friendly ) Jeff ...? Jeffrey turn and the man throw a sheaf of subpoenas at he chest ... the man ( cont 'd ) ( nasty ) you have be serve . and he turn and walk off . and as Jeffrey look down at the subpoena ... int . richard scrugg ' kitchen - 7:00 a.m. Jeffrey be sit with scrugg and motley in scrugg ' kitchen around a semi-circular counter . coffee and sweet roll . it 's casual . no one 's dress for court . scrugg have be look through the sheaf of subpoena . about motley , we sense power hold in reserve . richard scrugg now , what this one be , be a temporary restrain order , a gag order , issue by a kentucky court . meanwhile , a movie-star handsome man in shirtsleeve and a tie , a coffee cup in he hand , enter and sit casually on the arm of a chair . richard scrugg ( cont 'd ) ( introduce ) Jeff wigand , Michael Moore . michael moore good to meet you , Dr. wigand . richard scrugg Mike 's we Attorney General down here . ( to Moore ) I be just explain to Jeff , they get a kentucky court to issue a gag order to stop he deposition today . michael moore right . richard scrugg now , they try to get the Mississippi Court to honor it , but the judge throw it out ... ( to Jeffrey ) however , for you , there be a more perilous effect to the kentucky gag order ... michael moore ( after a beat ) Dr. wigand , you do understand what could happen , do not you ? wigand I be not free to testify ...here ...? motley that 's right . if you violate the kentucky order , when you step foot back in kentucky , they can find you in contempt and they can incarcerate you . and you ought to know that . and Jeffrey fairly turn white , it 's never occur to he he might go to jail ... wigand jail ? richard scrugg possibly , yes . that be one of the possible consequence of you testify here today . that 's right ... wigand how do one ... " go ...to ... jail ? " what do my family do ? go on welfare ? if my wife have to work ? who 's go to look after the kid ? put food on the table ? my child need I . if I be not teach ... there 's no medical ... no medical ... even on co-pay , that 's like ... tuition ... michael moore Dr. wigand , listen , you may not be able to do this thing . as I understand from Dick , you be we key witness . and , I hope you do not withdraw . I guess we would all understand if you do ... ( at watch ) guy , I have get to go . I be gonna be late for court . I will see y'all a little later . Dr. wigand , good luck . he leave . and Jeffrey 's quiet , frighten . have shake the depart Moore 's hand , he now turn away from scrugg and motley , think about consequence . richard scrugg I know what you be face , Jeff . and , I think I know how you be feel ... Jeffrey 's skeptical anybody could know " how it be " ... richard scrugg ( cont 'd ) ( low , personal ) in the navy I fly a - 6's off carrier ... in combat , event have a duration of second , sometimes minute ... but what you be go through go on day in and day out . whether you be ready for it or not , week in , week out ... month after month after month . whether you be up or whether you be down . you be assault psychologically . you be assault financially , which be its own special kind of violence . because it 's direct at you kid ... what school can you afford ... how will that affect they life . you be ask yourself : will that limit what they may become ? you feel you whole family 's future 's compromise ... hold hostage ... ( after a beat ) I do know how it be . ext . richard scrugg ' house , pascagoula , MISSISSIPPI - day a white , traditional , Southern house , with a veranda and gable ... a large front lawn with weep willow . and we see lowell , hand in he pocket , not a insider or a outsider , wait alone on the expansive lawn . the front door open . a Mississippi State trooper , put on he round brimm hat come out and cross the driveway . then Jeffrey come out with motley . motley talk to he on the veranda for a moment and then head towards he car . meanwhile , Jeffrey come down over to lowell on the lawn . and Jeffrey look off , across the street from the house , at the Gulf . and we see the street be blockade by Mississippi State Police car . a armed camp . other man in suit , lawyer and state official , wait . ron motley get in he car and drive away . lowell you attract a crowd . wigand ( smile , wry ) yeah , great . lowell I hear about the kentucky gag order ... wigand I do not know what to do . and they be quiet , a breeze of the Gulf ruffling they coat ... he look out at the water , a cargo container ship pass by . he watch its slow progress ... and Jeffrey quietly start to walk off across the lawn , hand in he pocket , shoulder bent , head down , think ... and Richard scrugg come out , tie he tie , to wait beside lowell ... ext . courthouse , canty STREET , pascagoula , MISSISSIPPI - day motley 's car park , and he and a Assistant be approach by a flurry of media from the parking lot behind we , crossing canty Street to intercept he . and we see the lot be jamme with mercede - benze , town Cars and limousine belong to the 150- 200 Big tobacco , Wall Street lawyer . some hang out by they car , kill time . it 's a tailgate party . Beyond they be truck and van with satellite dish support the media circus . they be all here for Jeff 's deposition . the scale of it dwarf the plebeian storefront with its sign " temporary Jackson County courthouse " ... into which motley enter ... ext . richard scrugg ' house , pascagoula , MISSISSIPPI - day Jeffrey contemplate . int . courtroom , pascagoula , MISSISSIPPI - day one tobacco lawyer , a Edward bennett - type while wait be on he cell phone ... tobacco lawyer ( into phone ) hold on a second ... ( see motley enter ; to Jr. lawyer ) would you please ask Mr. motley if he expect he witness to appear or not ...? jr. lawyer cross to motley . ext . scrugg ' house , dock - day Jeffrey alone on the jetty , look out to sea . try to decide , try to untangle identity and consequence . a moment . he turn , crossing to lowell and scrugg . then. it 's the three man , stand on the lawn . time seem to slow ... all of they aware it 's a critical decision , personally and historically ... wigand ( severely conflict ) I can not seem to find ... the criterion to decide . it 's too big a decision to make without be resolve ... in my own mind . they be quiet . Jeffrey , get nowhere . lowell offer ... lowell maybe thing have change ... Long pause on Jeffrey as he contemplate he future . and something just get resolve . he ask lowell , rhetorically ... wigand what 's change ? lowell ( unsure ) you mean ... since this morning ? wigand no . I mean since whenever ... nothing 's change . wigand look at they . he find he own answer . wigand ( cont 'd ) fuck it . let 's go to court . and Dick scrugg and lowell look at this normal , somewhat flaw , very courageous man ... richard scrugg ( to unseen staff ) Dr. wigand would like to leave now . and there 's a sudden flurry of activity . Jeffrey and scrugg walk to a Mississippi State Police car . lowell get into he car and drive away , separately . Police , State official , run to they car . Cars start , light flash , wigand 's car pull into position . int . scrugg ' car - jeffrey - day in the back seat with scrugg . the driver 's a State policeman . Jeffrey watch the small town of empty lot , old building , a 1930 's Deco school pass by . it 's all heighten , especially vivid to he eye somehow . and he exhales heavily to calm himself , to focus ... ext . the courthouse , pascagoula , MISSISSIPPI - day some of the tobacco lawyer , they jacket off , still hang across canty Street by they car . and now they see the police light turn , come around a corner , move towards the courthouse . the caravan stop . first , scrugg get out . a moment , then Jeffrey appear . and the Reporters pounce on Jeffrey , camera flash ... Mississippi Police lead he through the crowd ... Moore appear at courtroom door ( already there ) . and as he 's whisk away into the courtroom . int . the courtroom , pascagoula , MISSISSIPPI - day the tobacco lawyer become dead quiet . cell phone be hang up . newspaper be put away . jacket be don . this be now very serious business . motley meet Jeffrey , all eye on he . motley okay , Jeff , I be go to sit you down at that table over there . I be go to start as fast as possible . I do not want to give they a chance to get another restrain order , okay ? let 's go . michael moore good luck , doc. motley calmly motion wigand to take a chair . he settles in . stenographer please stand . raise you right hand ... do you swear to tell the truth , the whole truth and nothing but the truth , so help you God ? wigand I do . stenographer you may be seat . motley you understand , Dr. wigand , you be under oath . this be a swear deposition . there 's no judge . it 's not a trial . ( understatement of the century ) will you state you name for the record . wigand ( after a beat ) Jeffrey S. wigand . he spell it for they ... ext . the courthouse , pascagoula , MISSISSIPPI - day lowell , wait with the other journalist ... photographer get any idea what 's go on in there ? lowell no , I do not have a clue . int . the courtroom , pascagoula , MISSISSIPPI - day motley still conduct the inquiry ... and the tobacco lawyer , like a pack of dog , wait to pounce ... wigand that be correct . motley in other word , it act as a drug ? tobacco lawyer object to the form of the question ! motley it act as a drug on the body ? tobacco lawyer object to the form ! motley it act as a ... tobacco lawyer object ! motley there a echo in here ? you objection 's be record . she type it into she little machine over there . it 's on the record . so now I will proceed with my deposition of my witness . do it act as a drug ? tobacco lawyer ( shout ) Dr. wigand . I be instruct you ... ( to wigand ) ... not to answer that question in accordance to the term of the contractual obligation undertake by you not to disclose any information about you work at the Brown &amp ; williamson tobacco company . and in accordance with the force and effect of the temporary restrain order that have be enter against you to by the court in the State of kentucky ! that mean you do not talk ! ( beat ) Mr. motley , we have rights , here ... motley ( explode ) oh , you get rights and left ! up and downs and middle ! so what ?! you do not get to instruct anything around here ! this be not North Carolina , not South Carolina nor kentucky . this be the sovereign State of Mississippi 's proceeding . wipe that smirk off you face ! Dr. wigand 's deposition will be part of this record . and I be go to take my witness ' testimony ! whether the hell you like it or not ! ( to wigand ) answer the question , Dr ... wigand ( slam it home ) yes . it produce a physiological response , which meet the definition of a drug ! nicotine be associate with impact , with satisfaction . it have a pharmacological effect that cross the blood -brain barrier intact ... motley thank you , Doctor . thank you . ext . the scrugg ' house , pascagoula , MISSISSIPPI - night lowell stand on the porch look out at the rain . there 's a slight sound . he turn . and Jeffrey 's come outside . he stand lean on the porch railing , look out at the rain and windswept tree . they be quiet . they share a look . they nod to each other . the smallest nod of accomplishment . and they be there on the porch , alone , outside the house in pascagoula , Mississippi . int . CBS editing room , new york - afternoon we see lowell , unusually buoyant in the same clothes as yesterday . he 's work with tony baldo on a cut of the show , the net result of he architecture of event , he combination of persuasion and integrity ... we see on the avid monitor a single of Jeffrey ... wigand ( on monitor ) " part of the reason I be here be I feel that they representation clearly , at least within ... " lowell run that sandefur piece on " nicotine 's not addictive . " run that on -camera . then cut right to wigand with " I believe they perjure ... " then go wide to the ceo all take the oath . back on Jeff and play the pause after the word " feel " on the b-side ... wide to include Debbie deluca , the intern , two other editor , fell . they have gather behind lowell in the doorway . this be a hot show and it 's generate excitement among lowell 's co-worker . and while baldo cut , we see ... int . CBS , corridor outside editing room - day ... the group have spill out the doorway , watch lowell 's story come together . Beyond they , approach , be Mike wallace , come to work ... bill felling ( leave ) ... helluva show , Mike . explosive material . people separate as Mike push in . lowell see Mike . while tony baldo be make the edit on the avid ... lowell ( to Mike ) it go great in Mississippi , Mike . mike wallace good . Don hewitt enter from the corridor without jacket . don hewitt I hear wigand 's deposition get seal . lowell yeah , they argue he be go to reveal the secret formula of " kool " to the world . ( seriously ) " seal " do not hurt scrugg ' litigation , and since we be the only one with the story , I believe we be sit on a exclusive . mike wallace I like that ... don hewitt corporate have some question . we have get a meeting at Black rock first thing in the morning . lowell when 's the air date ? debbie deluca ( to lowell ) Excuse I , lowell . Sharon 's on line 3 . lowell tell she I will call she back in ten . baldo here we go . baldo now run lowell 's edit of the above sequence . and we see the immediate impact . sandefur in close - up state " I believe that nicotine be not addictive . " wigand in match close - up state " I believe he perjure himself . " then all seven ceo of Big tobacco stand up and raise they hand and take a oath in front of Congress to tell the truth while wallace say " ... the whole line of people , the whole line of ceo 's up there , all swear that . " and wigand say off -screen with great emphasis " part of the reason I be here be I felt " ... and it cut to wigand for a pause that make the word " felt " resound and , then , he go on to say on - camera " that they representation clearly misstate what they commonly know . we be a nicotine delivery business . " we see the combination of art and truth woven into impact that have a audacity that 's stir and beautiful ... ext . louisville - dusk we see a anonymous rental car move through downtown louisville . int . the rental car - night it 's Jeffrey in the front seat , drive by one of he security man . he 's come home under the cover of darkness . they pass a flaming car on the freeway shoulder . Jeffrey turn to stare at it . they turn off onto city street and stop at a light . Jeffrey 's nervous . Jeffrey instinctively turn . a Police car stop alongside . the policeman look at he . eye meet . Jeffrey look away . the signal take forever . it change . and as the Police car move off ... ext . wigand ' house - night the car 's stop at the curb . Jeffrey get out . he start up the walk , and the second Security Guard quickly cross the lawn to intercept he ... and Jeff open the door go inside , anxious to be home ... int . wigand ' house - night the house be quiet , dark . too quiet . too dark . something be not right . he cross to one of the child 's room ... the master bedroom . the light be on . both room be empty . he go into the kitchen and see a note that 's be leave for he ... he open it . he sit heavily in a chair , read the note . the Security Guard peer ... and as Jeffrey sit in the silent house , the hero come home ... int . the conference room , CBS - day we be at a table . Mike and lowell laugh at some joke while helen caperelli , CBS general counsel , enter with the President of CBS News , eric kluster . helen caperelli shall I send for coffee ? sorry I be late . mike wallace no , no , we be fine ... helen caperelli be you sure ? also there be Don hewitt . caperelli be too well put together , too practice , too polished . they nod . they do not need coffee . helen caperelli ( cont 'd ) alright , I think we would get together because there 's a legal concept that have be get some new attention recently , " tortious interference . " ( beat ) if two people have a agreement , like a confidentiality agreement , and one of they break it because they be induce to do so by a 3rd party , the 3rd party can be sue for damage for interfere ... hence , " tortious interference . " don hewitt interfering ? that 's what we do . lowell I think what we be try to tell you be that it happen all the time . this be a news organization . people be always tell we thing they should not . we have to verify if it 's true and in the public interest ... and if it be , we air it . mike wallace after we corroborate it . that 's why we have never lose a lawsuit and run a classy show . ( impatient , now ) anything else ? helen caperelli and " 60 Minutes ' " verification be exact . and precise . and I do not think it would hurt to make sure you be right ... on this one . don hewitt why ? you think we have liability ? what 's the CBS News ' position , Eric ? eric kluster there 's a possibility , it 's rather remote ... helen caperelli but one we have to check on , Mike . I have retain outside counsel to do exactly that . on a segment , I might add , that 's already rife with problem ... lowell what do that mean ? " rife with -- ? " helen caperelli I be tell unusual promise be make to wigand . lowell no , only that we would hold the story until it be safe for he ... helen caperelli ( cut in ) and , I be tell there be question as to we " star witness ' " veracity . lowell ( try to control he anger ) his " veracity " be good enough for the State of Mississippi . helen caperelli ( historic ) we standard have to be higher than anyone else 's , because we be the standard ... for everyone else ... whatever that mean ... lowell ( wry ) well , as a " standard " ... I will hang with " be the guy tell the truth ? " helen caperelli well , with tortious interference , I be afraid ... the great the truth , the great the damage . lowell come again ? helen caperelli they own the information he 's disclose . the truer it be , the great the damage to they . if he lie , he do not disclose they information . and the damage be smaller . lowell be this " Alice in wonderland " ? mike wallace you say " on this one . " what about " this one " ? and lowell hear a change note in wallace 's voice . after a beat . helen caperelli ( familiar , seductive ) if this hold up , and it very well may not , Mike ... but , if it do . and we aire this segment ? and CBS be sue by Brown &amp ; williamson ? I think we could be at grave risk . mike wallace ( a beat ) how grace ? helen caperelli ( and she 's be wait for this ) well , at the end of the day ... because of you segment ... the Brown &amp ; williamson tobacco company ... could own CBS . as if on cue , the alarm on helen caperelli 's watch beep . she glance at it . helen caperelli ( cont 'd ) you know , I be sorry . but I be due upstairs . she get up , gather she thing . lowell be CBS corporate tell CBS News do not go to air with this story ? helen caperelli you be get ahead of yourself . we be all in this together . we be all CBS . we will find out soon . thank you , gentleman . and take up she briefcase , she leave . Don and Mike rise . lowell " tortious interference " ? sound like a disease catch by a radio . don hewitt ( to Mike ) lunch ? mike wallace sure. ( to lowell ) do not worry , we call the shot around here . lowell find himself angry and alone . he cross to the window and pull out he cell phone and go to work . debbie deluca's voice ( over ) hello ? lowell ( into phone ) Debbie , it 's I . I want you to check some filing and give I John Wilson 's number at bear -stern . int . CBS , hewitt's office - day lowell what now ? don hewitt kluster 's come over . hewitt 's on a unrelated call . lowell cross to look out the window , a manila folder ( the filing ) under he arm with whatever he find out , like a bomb , feel distant from this people . the door open , and Eric kluster , the President of CBS News enter ... eric kluster hello , lowell , Mike , don. hewitt hang up the phone . eric kluster ( cont 'd ) there have be so much soul search about this wigand , I have decide we should cut a alternate version of the show without he interview . lowell so , what happen to Ms. caperelli 's check with outside counsel first , all that crap ? eric kluster that 's happen . and , hopefully we will not have to use the alternate , but we should have it in the can . lowell I be not touch my film ... eric kluster I be afraid you be . lowell no , I be not ... eric kluster we be do this with or without you , lowell . if you like , I can assign another producer to edit you show ... lowell 's stunne . he look like he 's be hit with a hammer ... lowell since when have the paragon of investigative journalism allow lawyer to determine the news content on " 60 Minutes " ? don hewitt it 's a alternate version . so what if we have a alternate version ? and I do not think she be cautious be so damned unreasonable . eric kluster ( wry ) so , now , if you will excuse I , gentleman , Mr. Rather 's be complain about he chair again . ( laughter ) as they start to leave ... lowell ( mild ) before you go ... and lowell take out ... lowell ( cont 'd ) I discover this . SEC filing ... ( he get they attention ) for the sale of the CBS Corporation to westinghouse Corporation . mike wallace what ? don hewitt yeah , I hear rumor . lowell it 's not a rumor . it 's a sale . ( rhetorical answer ) if tisch can unload CBS for $ 81 a share to westinghouse and then be suddenly threaten with a multibillion - dollar lawsuit from Brown &amp ; williamson , that could screw up the sale , could it not ? eric kluster ( serene ) and what be you imply ? lowell ( to kluster ) I be not imply . I be quote . more vested interest ... ( read from SEC filing ) " person who will profit from this merger ... ( beat ) Ms. helen caperelli , General counsel of CBS News , 3.9 million . Mr. Eric kluster , President of CBS News , 1.4 million ... " don hewitt be you suggest that she and Eric be influence by money ? lowell oh , no , of course they be not influence by money . they work for free . and you be a volunteer executive producer . don hewitt CBS do not do that . and , you be question we journalistic integrity ?! lowell no , I be question you hearing ! you hear " reasonable " and " tortious interference . " I hear ... " potential Brown &amp ; williamson lawsuit jeopardize the sale of CBS to westinghouse . " I hear ... " shut the segment down . cut wigand loose . obey order . and fuck off ...! " that 's what I hear . don hewitt you be exaggerate ! lowell I be ? you pay I to go get guy like wigand , to draw he out . to get he to trust we , to get he to go on television . I do . I deliver he . he sit . he talk . he violate he own fuck confidentiality agreement . and he 's only the key witness in the biggest public health reform issue , maybe the biggest , most - expensive corporate - malfeasance case in U.S. history . and Jeffrey wigand , who 's out on a limb , do he go on television and tell the truth ? yes . be it newsworthy ? yes . be we gonna air it ? of course not . why ? because he 's not tell the truth ? no. because he be tell the truth . that 's why we be not go to air it . and the more truth he tell , the worse it get ! don hewitt you be a fanatic . a anarchist . you know that ? if we can not have a whole show , then I want half a show rather than no show . but oh , no , not you . you will not be satisfied unless you be put the company at risk ! lowell c'mon , what be you ? and be you a businessman ? or be you a newsman ?! because that happen to be what Mike and I do for a live ... mike wallace lowell . lowell ( run on ) " put the corporation at risk " ...? give I a fuck break ! mike wallace lowell . lowell this people be put we whole reason for do what we do ... on the line ! mike wallace lowell ! lowell what ? mike wallace I be with Don on this . and there it be . ext . lowell' house , berkeley - afternoon we see Sharon in a vegetable garden in they side yard ... she turn , see he stand behind she ... after a moment . she know . sharon what 's wrong ? lowell they be kill the wigand interview ... sharon what ?! lowell they be pretend it 's process . bullshit , it 's foregone . sharon ( beat ) what be you and Mike go to do ? lowell I be alone on this ... sharon ( beat ) oh , baby ... and the phone ring ... Sharon go in the house to get it ... she come back out ... sharon ( cont 'd ) ( after a beat ) Jeffrey wigand ... int . lowell' office , berkeley - late afternoon lowell Jeffrey ... int . a HOTEL room , louisville - night and we see wigand look rough , unshaven , sit on a couch in a hotel room . and we see he belonging , clothing , some box , a bottle of vodka , he computer , what 's leave of he world , be around the room . lowell' voice ( over ) Jeffrey , how be you ? how 's the family , okay ? wigand there be - there be no family . lowell' voice ( over ) what do you mean there be no family ? wigand liane have file for divorce ... int . lowell' office , berkeley - late afternoon and lowell 's dead quiet . int . the HOTEL room , louisville - night wigand and , so , I move out ... I see the girl a couple of day a week ... lowell' voice ( over ) ( concerned ) where you stay now ? wigand ( sarcastic ) we favorite hotel , honey ... I check into room 930 . odd choice ? huh ? and we do not know what he mean by that ... int . lowell' office , berkeley - late afternoon the last of the daylight shadow he office . lowell ( after a beat ) I do not know how to say this , Jeff , except to just say it right out , so I will say it . they do not want to air it . wigand ( stop ) what ?! lowell B &amp ; W may have threaten litigation ... CBS be on the block ... ( a beat ) but you , I mean , I know how ... wigand no . lowell no ? no , what ? wigand I do not think that you " know " for I ... what it be to walk in my shoe ... ( beat ) ... for my kid to have see it ... for they to know why I have put they through what I do ... the public airing of that ... the testament to why I do what I do ... you be tell I be not go to see the light of day . lowell 's quiet . and Jeffrey start to hang up ... lowell Jeff ... and Jeffrey hang up . int . jeffrey' HOTEL room , louisiana - ( process ) - night Jeffrey silently sit in the chair . we come around and see why he 's be purposely sit there . why he 's choose this room . directly across the street be the Brown &amp ; williamson Building . the light be on . the building light up . and in a upstairs office Brown &amp ; williamson lawyer , move around a conference room , talk . and as Jeffrey look out the window ... ext . a SMALL town , upstate new york - day a peaceful , suburban street . small house . a private investigator ( p.i. ) from igi , in a raincoat , get out of a car , go up the walk . he knock on the door . some moment . a woman in she late forty , handicapped , in a electric cart answer the door ... p.i. Mrs. wigand ? the woman it have not be Mrs. wigand for some time . p.i. well , I be a investigator and I be - I be wonder if I could ask you a couple of question about that ? the woman alright ... int . JOHN scanlon' public relation firm , a media room , new york - day and on a television screen , susan wigand , the woman in the electric cart , give a tape interview to the p.i .... susan wigand ... seven month after we be marry we find out that I have multiple sclerosis ... we pull back to see John scanlon and he staff watch the tape ... his firm 's logo , public relation campaign for some of he high - profile client be on the wall . scanlon 's on the phone talk with somebody as the tape run ... p.i.' voice ( over ) ( on television ) and , you have a daughter , Diane , with he , be that correct ? susan wigand ( on television ) yes , in 1973 . JOHN scanlon ( on the phone , whisper ) ... come on , Tommy sandefur tell I himself , he 's not gonna allow Brown &amp ; williamson to be demonize to the american public , so I tell Peter jenning and I ...hold on ... he stop , listen to the videotape ... p.i.' voice ( over ) ( on television ) would it be fair to say when he divorced you he leave you in a precarious situation ? you have multiple sclerosis ; you have a small child to raise . JOHN scanlon ( ignore that part ; to staff ) mention that part in the executive summary and in the chapter " first wife " and " estrangement of daughter . " ( beat ; into phone ) so , I be tell Pete , I say , " you have be take in by this guy ... susan wigand ( on television ) yes ... ( beat ) but you have to understand , the divorce be something that we both want ... JOHN scanlon he 's a total bullshit artist . he 's a shoplifter . he 's a convict shoplifter . and as we end in a sea of document , affidavit , court record , all from louisville , all about Jeffrey . we understand the war have only be begin ... int . CBS , " 60 minute , " corridor , lowell' office - morning lowell , in he office , he door open for anyone to see he , a immovable force , sit behind he desk . hewitt appear in he doorway ... don hewitt ( after a beat , cold ) so , what be you go to do ? lowell well , what do you think I be go to do ? quit in protest ? I be not go to do that . don hewitt ( surprised ) you be take " no " for a answer ? lowell no . I be not go to take " no " for a answer . no. don hewitt then what be you go to do ? hewitt look at he ... lowell I be stay right here . do my job . Fighting to get my show on the air . you do not like it ? hey , I will tell you what ... fire my ass ... don hewitt end up in a high - profile lawsuit with lowell , the first amendment martyr ? I do not think so . ( laugh ) take a look at this ... this be a summary of a dossier that 's be prepare . and he give he a copy of it . don hewitt ( cont 'd ) he would lie about he whole life ...? who 's go to believe he about anything he say ...? ( a beat , and the coup de grace ) < i> the Wall Street Journal < / i>' do a major story and I think the < i> Post < / i >. you back the wrong horse ... he turn and start off along the hall . as he go ... don hewitt ( cont would ) ( he parting shot ) the version without he interview be go to air the week after next . lowell watch he walk away . Debbie enter . debbie deluca what be that about ? lowell get I wigand . debbie deluca sure . lowell ... fuck be this ? fuck ! int . the phone booth , high school , louisville - day lowell' voice ( over ) ( on the phone , upset ) you never tell I you be marry before ... that you have a daughter ... and wigand be in the phone booth at the High School ... student walk by ... wigand ( outrage ) well , how be that any of you business ?! that be not something that you people need to know ! his voice carry , a student look over ... int . lowell' office - day lowell ( frustrated ) oh , you know what we do or do not need to know ? since when have you become a media expert ? int . the phone booth , louisville high school - day wigand ( upset ) what do you want to do , lowell , look up my ass , too ...! and he realize he 's say it too loud , a couple of pass student stop , look at he ... int . lowell' office , CBS - day lowell oh , my God . wigand voice ( over ) ( after a beat , lowering he voice , but contentious ) you be not even on this anymore ... what do you care ? lowell Jeff ! wake the fuck up ! everybody be on the line here . if they can catch you in a lie , they can paint everything with that brush . do you understand ? everything you say ! wigand I tell the truth ! lowell everything ... you ... say ! and I can not defend you , man , with one hand tie behind my back ! because you keep from I ... what they can discover . and they will discover everything ! believe I . int . the phone booth , louisville high school - day wigand 's quiet . he look out the phone booth . after some moment ... wigand ( meaning he first wife and they child , upset ) ... I be young . I be young ... confuse ... we do not handle it the right way ... int . lowell' office , new york - day lowell ( after a beat ) she sue you for back payment of child support ? int . the phone booth , louisville high school - day wigand she do not sue I . we have a dispute over money ... I settle it , she drop the complaint ... ( angry ) any other question ? and we will go back and forth ... lowell yes . do you lie about be on the american judo team in the Olympic ? wigand what ? lowell some public relation guy get a hold of a tape of a interview ... where you be say you be on the american judo team in the Olympic ...? wigand ( explosive ) what kind of shit be this ? I be not on the team , I spar with the Olympic team ... okay ? and we see , unbeknownst to wigand , the p.i. in the raincoat , who interview he ex-wife , come out of a administration office , walk towards we along the hallway ... lowell alright ... the ABC telemarkete company ? wigand ABC ...? lowell ABC telemarkete company . wigand ( the absurdity ) a can opener ! a $ 39.95 can opener . I cancel payment ... it be junk . ( sarcastic ) you ever bounce a check , lowell ? you ever look at another woman 's tit ? you ever cheat a little on you tax ? ( a beat , angry ) whose life , if you look at it under a microscope , do not have any flaw ...? the p.i. in the raincoat pass Jeffrey , now , and do not even glance at he ... lowell that 's the whole point , Jeffrey . that 's the whole point . anyone 's . everyone 's . they be gonna look under every rock , dig up every flaw , every mistake you have ever make . they be go to distort and exaggerate everything you have ever do , man . do not you understand ? wigand ( shout ) what do this have to do with my testimony ? lowell that 's not the point . wigand what do this have to do with my testimony ?! I tell the truth ! it 's valid and true and provable ! lowell that 's not the fuck point , whether you tell the truth or not ! hello ...? wigand I tell the truth ... I tell the truth . and wigand 's quiet , a deep , dark depression . the school bell ring snap he out of it ... wigand ( after a beat ) I have get to teach class . I have get to go . I have get to teach class . lowell ( undaunted ) and I have get to refute every fuck accusation make in this report before < i> the Wall Street Journal < / i> runs. ( a beat ) I be try to protect you , man ! wigand 's quiet . wigand ( after a beat , the killer ) well , I hope you improve you bat average . and he slam the phone down . and as he stand in the phone booth , like a man in a glass booth , all alone ... ext . CBS build , rooftop - day on the door to the roof . it slam open . a enraged lowell enter and walk out into the cold rain . like a prize - fighter , shoulder hunch against the cold , he bury he hand in he jacket pocket . he cross to the edge of the roof high above the city . he 's piss off . he take out he cell phone . he dial ... lowell hear background noise ... int . < i> wall STREET journal </ i> - news meeting - day twenty sub-editor and section head sit and stand in a clear area ... one of they , a large man , be charlie phillip on a cell phone . charlie phillip hello ? lowell' voice ( over ) ( cautious ) it 's lowell . be you guy plan to do a piece on a former top executive in Big tobacco ? charlie phillip you catch I in a news meeting . lowell well , be you or be you not , Charlie ? charlie phillip you bet we be . and I can not talk to you now . lowell we gotta hook up . charlie phillip sure . where ? lowell p.j. 's . charlie phillip I will be there . int . a phone booth , new york - night a busy New York street . Light mist . and we see lowell be on the phone in a phone booth ... lowell yeah , I get it . 500 page of it . they look in every corner of this guy 's life ... from a spousal abuse charge , to shoplift , to a traffic ticket he get once for run a red light . it 's Terry lenzner 's outfit , igi . Jack , listen to I . they strategy : discredit this guy , ruin he reputation in < i> the Wall Street Journal < / i> , and then nobody will ever listen to what he 's get to say about tobacco . he 's dead . unless I can get this thing knock down . int . a house in san francisco - night a townhouse with a commanding view of the Bay . and we see a broad -shoulder man in he late forty sit at a desk on the phone . jack palladino . his wife , sandra sutherland , sit across from he on another phone . they're private investigator ... lowell to make it even a little more attractive , I do not know if you be ever gonna get pay . sandra sutherland be there any truth to any of it ? lowell that 's a good question . " be there any truth to any of it ? " I doubt it . palladino what 's they deadline ? lowell soon . palladino exchange look ; she nod . palladino fax I the summary . lowell that 's great , Jack . lowell hang up and walk towards we to enter ... int . bar - night close on lowell enter , move through the crowd of sport writer , feature writer , sub-editor , etc . he come upon a rugge - feature man , jim cooper from < i> the New York Times < / i> , sit next to Charlie . jim cooper hey , lowell . lowell how be you , Jim ? jim cooper hey , listen , I hear you guy be sit on something sensational over there . lowell look at Cooper quizzically . lowell really ? hi , Joan . just then Jim 's wife enter . they exchange greeting . jim cooper hi , baby . lowell catch you later . Cooper and he wife leave . Charlie and lowell be alone in the crowded bar . lowell ( cont 'd ) when 's you deadline ? charlie phillip Monday . lowell push it . charlie phillip what ? forget it . lowell it 's a smear campaign , Charlie . charlie phillip it 's draw from a selectively circulate ... lowell ( cut in ) oh , it 's real selective ... about as hard to get a hold of as the Manhattan phone book . charlie phillip well , it 's authoritative and be overwhelmingly document . lowell and it 's bullshit . and if I be right , be you go to put the < i> Journal < / i> 's reputation behind a story that 's go to blow up in you face ? charlie phillip I will take a look at what you get . but I be not move any deadline ' cause you say so . that 's the way it lay . in a different , personal tone ... charlie phillip ( cont would ) be you all right ? lowell yeah . catch you later . int . a coffee shop , louisville - day and we see a policeman sit at the counter have a cup of coffee ... sandra sutherland Officer murabchick ? he turn as Sandra sutherland sit at the counter to the leave of he . sandra sutherland ( cont would ) Officer muravchick . how be you ? I be Sandra sutherland . policeman how do you do ? sandra sutherland Fine , thank you . I be do a background check . mind if I sit down ? int . courtroom , louisville - late afternoon a older man be on the bench . he 's just recess he court . as everybody stream out , go against the tide be Jack palladino . he approach the judge , crossing to a side door ... palladino you honor , could I have a word with you ? you preside in a dispute over support payment ... int . a coffee shop , louisville - day policeman Jeffrey wigand ? yeah , I cite he . int . editing room , CBS - day dan rather ( on monitor ) CBS be under criticism , because the CBS News program " 60 Minutes " will not be present a interview ... lowell 's destroy he own work product , take apart he creation that we see earlier to be so impactful . tony get a call as hewitt enter . don hewitt what the hell be you do ? lowell what do it look like I be do ? I be editing . don hewitt no , not that . I be talk about the Associated Press . they get this story that we pull this interview and they talk to Mike and I . do you tell they that we be lie ? lowell no . I should have . I tell they I disagree with you , Mike and kluster that this segment be as good as the original . I be not lie for you . I be not gonna shut up for you . not on any of it . don hewitt hey ! I be not go to fire you , okay ? take a vacation . now ! int . lowell' office - evening a suitcase be on the floor . lowell , finish pack up he thing from he office . mike wallace's voice ( over ) lowell . I decide to preface Sunday 's show . I do three minute on the " even News . " you will want to see it . ( beat ) where you go ? and he see wallace have stop at he door ... lowell I have be banish . in lieu of be fire . mike wallace ( disinterested ) I take off on tisch . I take off on corporate . they will know they be not go to see everything on Sunday night ... lowell I do not know . how do that get wigand on the air ? mike wallace ( go up ) do I a favor , will you ? spare I , for God 's sake . get in the real world . what do you think ? I be go to resign in protest ? to force it on the air ? the answer be " no . " I do not plan to spend the end of my day wander in the wilderness of National Public Radio . ( beat ) that decision I have already make . voice ( from corridor ; to Mike ) it just start , Mike ... wallace wave lowell 's remark aside and exit . we dwell on lowell until he exit ... int . CBS corridor - evening ... into the hall . Dan Rather introduce Mike . as lowell exit , we see hewitt , kluster and caperelli outside of hewitt 's office watch ... lowell , disgust , take a cursory look and move towards the elevator . but he hear ... mike wallace's voice ( over ) where 's the rest ? where the hell 's the rest ?!! lowell turn to see wallace shouting up at the monitor in disbelief ... mike wallace ( cont 'd ) you cut it ! you cut the gut out of what I say ...! wallace move in on kluster ... eric kluster it be a time consideration , Mike ... mike wallace time ? bullshit ! you corporate lackey ! who tell you you incompetent little finger have the requisite skill to edit I ! I be try to Band - Aid a situation , here , and you be too dim to ... helen caperelli ( interrupt , familiar ) Mike ... Mike ... Mike ... mike wallace " Mike ? " it be a big mistake . now , he turn on she . Zeroing in , get closer ... mike wallace ( cont 'd ) " Mike ? " try " Mr. wallace . " we work in the same corporation do not mean we work in the same profession . what be you gonna do now ? you gonna finesse I ? lawyer I some more ? I have be in this profession fifty fuck year . you and the people you work for be destroy the most - respected , the high - rate , the most - profitable show on this network ! ext . the east river - night a Range Rover pull up . Charlie Phillips get out . he cross to lowell who 's be wait by he own taxi . lowell here . he hand Charlie a folder with the brown notebook inside that be the partially complete palladino / sutherland / lowell work product . lowell ( cont 'd ) this be they lead , they source . I want you to have you reporter ... charlie phillip suein hwang and milo geyelin . lowell have they make they own call . they will find that this source have a different story than the one that 's in the dossier ... ( demand ) push the deadline , Charlie ... Charlie start look through the palladino / sutherland / lowell work product . meanwhile ... charlie phillip I will push it for a week . let milo and suein go through it . int . wigand ' house # 2 , kitchen - day liane what do you want to buy he for a gift ? barbara he 's into kind of little car , that ... liane that remote control thing ? barbara yeah . liane alright , we will do that tomorrow . barbara Mom . liane yes , baby ? barbara there 's dad , on tv . int . a bar , louisville - day and we see Jeffrey in a quiet bar . the television 's on , the sound low , the midday news . as Jeffrey look up and see he photograph on television . in he local world the impact be : local newscaster and in local news , wlko louisville have gain access to a five-hundred - page dossier on former Brown &amp ; williamson research head Jeffrey wigand detail charge of spousal abuse , shoplift ... and Jeffrey look as if something just detonate inside of he . we're looking at mike wallace sitting in front of a backdrop on " 60 minute , " on a television ... int . HOTEL room , louisville - night and Jeffrey sit alone in the hotel , watch the show ... mike wallace ( on " 60 Minutes " ) " ... thousand of document from inside the tobacco industry have surface over the past year , document that appear to confirm what a former ... " and as we look at Jeffrey 's face , set in stone ... int . the caribbean bungalow - day / night mike wallace ( on " 60 Minutes " ) " ... US surgeon General and the current head of the food and drug administration have be say . we learn of ... " int . don hewitt's house , the hamptons - night and Don hewitt in he house in the hampton , alone in he bedroom , watch the show ... mike wallace ( on " 60 Minutes " ) " ... a tobacco insider who could tell we whether or not the tobacco industry have be leveling with the public ... " int . mike wallace's apartment , new york - night mike wallace ( on " 60 Minutes " ) " ... that insider be formerly a highly - place executive with a tobacco company ... " int . HOTEL room , louisville - night mike wallace ( on " 60 Minutes " ) " ... but we cannot broadcast what critical information about tobacco , addiction and public health he might be able to offer . why ? because he have to sign a confidentiality agreement with the tobacco company he work for ... " int . mike wallace's apartment , new york - night Mike wallace be in he study , watch the show alone . as we slowly move in on Mike , see himself on television ... mike wallace ( on " 60 Minutes " ) " the management of CBS have tell we that know he have that agreement ... " and the look on he face say : he doe not like this . int . the caribbean bungalow - day / night lowell silently watch the broadcast ... mike wallace ( on " 60 Minutes " ) " ... if be to broadcast a interview with he , CBS could be face with a multibillion - dollar lawsuit ... " int . HOTEL room , louisville - night Jeffrey , watch the show ... mike wallace ( on " 60 Minutes , " from the interview with wigand ... ) " the fact be , we be not allow even to mention he name or the name of the company he work for and , of course , we cannot show you he face ... '... and you confidentiality agreement with ... ( blip ) be still in force ? ' " and all we can hear be a electronically -altered voice and the blanked - out image of a man ... wigand voice ( over ) " yes , it be . " mike wallace ( on " 60 Minutes " ) " so , what be they gonna do ? Sue you for make this appearance ? " wigand " I would bet on it . " mike wallace ( on " 60 Minutes " ) " the former executive have reason to bet on be sue , for major cigarette manufacturer ... " Jeffrey , motionless ... a man , no longer with a face or a voice ... and as he get up , and quietly turn off the television ... int . mike wallace's apartment , new york - night , later wallace , have not move , still in he chair . he stare , ignore the CBS programming , on the phone , make a call ... ext . the caribbean beach - night lowell , walk up the sand , he cell phone ring . lowell yeah . mike wallace you disappear on I . how long you stay ? lowell ( absurd ) I disappear on you ? mike wallace ( meaning the show ) alright . what do you think ? lowell ( after a beat ) I think it be a disgrace . the look on wallace 's face say he think so , too . it 's obvious . he hang up the phone . ext . lowell' bungalow , the caribbean - night lowell be on the phone , now . the moon light the water , the empty beach . he listen as a phone , through static , ring and ring and ring . int . wigand HOTEL room , louisville - night and we hear the phone ringing . we slowly pan across the hotel room . we see on the floor a pair of man 's tassele loafer ... a discard sport jacket ... and we see Jeffrey , barefoot , sit in a chair in the center of the room . he 's look out the window at b&amp ; W . the curtain be blow ... and he 's still ... the sound of the phone ringing and ringing ... ext . the beach , the caribbean - night a operator' voice ( over ) Sir , there 's still no answer in that room . lowell alright . get I the manager 's office ... int . the HOTEL manager' office , louisville - night HOTEL desk clerk David ? David , you have get a call on line 4 . I think you better take it . a thin man answer the phone . the HOTEL manager this be David macdougal . how can I help you ? lowell' voice ( over ) Mr. macdougal , my name be lowell bergman . I be a producer for " 60 Minutes " ... I be concerned with a friend of mine who 's stay at you hotel right now . int . the HOTEL corridor , louisville - night and we see the Hotel manager , walk along with a Security Guard , and now knocking on Jeffrey 's door ... and when there be no response , the manager nod to the Security Guard , the Guard use a pass key , unlock the door . but the door stop , the chain - lock draw . the manager look in through the chain ... and he can see Jeffrey sit in the chair ... the HOTEL manager Mr. wigand ? Mr. wigand ? Jeffrey 's still . the manager quickly take a cell phone from the Security Guard . ext . the caribbean - night lowell , stand on the beach anxiously wait . the HOTEL manager' voice ( over ) ( upset ) I think I need to call the police . he will not respond ... lowell no , no . do not call the police ! ( urgent ) just tell he I be on the phone with you ... my name be lowell bergman ... just tell he that . int . the HOTEL corridor , louisville - night the HOTEL manager ( through the door , frighten ) Mr. wigand ... Mr. bergman be on the telephone . Jeffrey 's quiet . ext . the caribbean - night lowell do he hear you ? the HOTEL manager' voice ( over ) you be break up . I can not hear you . lowell go deeper into the water . lowell what about now ? the HOTEL manager' voice ( over ) what ? lowell hello , can you hear I now ? int . wigand HOTEL room , louisville - night and now the wall behind morph into a green daytime garden , the garden behind he house . and as we dolly around wigand , more wall morph into the side yard , and , turn slowly , he see Barbara and deborah in the emerald - green grass . they stop and smile , then they stare at we , at they father . and he look at he child , at a idyll lose ... the chair , the man be the only real object leave in the view from inside he head ... ext . the caribbean - night lowell anxiously move along the beach , try to be hear , the phone chatter with static ... lowell ( alarmed ) what 's happen ?! the HOTEL manager' voice ( over ) ( afraid ) he do not seem to be listen ... lowell ( on the cell phone , shout , urgent ) alright , now listen to I . I want you - I want you to tell he , in this word : get on the fuck phone ...! the HOTEL manager' voice ( over ) I can not say that ! lowell no , you can . tell he to get on the fuck phone ! int . the HOTEL corridor - night the HOTEL manager ( at the door , to Jeffrey , loud ) he tell I to tell you , to get on ... the fuck phone ...! and even he 's surprised by he language . and suddenly Jeffrey get up , unlatch the door , grab the phone from the Hotel manager . wigand in the hotel corridor , lowell stand knee - deep in the water ... wigand ( on the phone , angry ) you manipulate I into this ...! lowell that 's bullshit , Jeff ! wigand you grease the rail ! lowell I grease the rail for a guy who want to say yes . I help he to say yes . alright . you be not a robot , Jeff ! that 's all . you get a mind of you own , do not you ? wigand ( run on ) " up to you , Jeffrey . that 's the power you have , Jeffrey . vital insider information the american public need to know . " lowell bergman , the hot show who never meet a source he could not turn around . lowell ( run on ) I fight for you ... and I still fight for you . wigand you fight for I ...?! ( run on ) ... you manipulate I ... into where I be now ... stare at the Brown &amp ; williamson Building . it 's all dark . except the 10th floor ! that 's the legal department . that 's where they fuck with my life ! lowell ( beat ) Jeffrey , where you go with this ? so where you goin ' ? ( quiet ) you be important to a lot of people , Jeffrey . you think about that . you think about they . close on jeffrey : stand in the room with the blow curtain ... lowell ( cont 'd ) I be run out of heroes , man ... ( after a beat ) guy like you be in short supply . and for the first time , wigand smile . wigand ( a beat , wry ) yeah , guy like you , too . and the grave situation pass . wigand ( cont 'd ) ( after a beat ) where be you , anyway ? lowell I be on a leave of absence . forced vacation . wigand ( a rare laugh , he sarcasm ) you try and have a good time . lowell ( droll ) yeah . yeah , I will . int . the caribbean bungalow - day / night Sharon 's cooking across the room ... and there 's just the sound of the ceiling fan turn . lowell " I be lowell bergman , I be from ' 60 Minutes . ' " you know , you take the " 60 Minutes " out of that sentence , nobody return you phone call . maybe wigand 's right . maybe I be hook . what be I hook on ? the rush ? " 60 Minutes " ? what the hell for ? infotainment . it 's so fuck useless , all of it . sharon ( a beat ) so , it 's a big country with a free press . you can go work somewhere else . lowell free press ? Press be free ... for anyone who own one . Larry tisch have a free press . sharon get some perspective , lowell . lowell I get perspective . sharon no , you do not . lowell from my perspective , what 's be go on and what I have be do be ridiculous . it 's half - measure . sharon you be not listen . ( beat ) really know what you be go to do before you do it . and as the fan squeak , turn ... lowell stare at Sharon . we see snow be on the ground . ext . lincoln , montana - day between two curve colonnade of snow - cover tree drive a rental car . closer , it 's lowell . his Pov spot a dirty suv and he pull into park across from a coffee shop in this out - of - context mountain town . his pager beep . he look at it . he detour from the coffee shop to a pay phone on the corner of the moose Lodge . debbie deluca's voice ( over ) I have get Richard scrugg on the phone ... lowell patch he through . richard scrugg ' voice ( over ) well , lowell , you be not go to believe this ... int . a courtroom + rotunda , MISSISSIPPI - day and we see the back of a crowded courtroom . Richard scrugg be stand in the rear amongst bailiff a witness , talk on he own cell phone . ricahrd scrugg the Governor of Mississippi be suing he own Attorney General ... to abandon litigation against Big tobacco ... lowell oh , good ... wait media be relax as scrugg continue to lowell ... richard scrugg ( after a beat ) but , now that the version without Jeff run ... what 's the chance of get he interview on the air ...? ( beat ) hello ? sudden static . scrugg now exit the building , past the metal detector , seek better reception . lowell yeah , I be here . ext . courthouse stair , MISSISSIPPI - day richard scrugg what chance be there of get Jeff 's interview on the air ...? lowell' voice ( over ) ( droll ) less than great . and the courthouse door suddenly burst open , Michael Moore and he attorney come out . scrugg come further down the step so he can hear , away from Michael Moore who begin answer question from the Press . richard scrugg ( after a beat ) ... I would be lie to you if I do not tell you how important it be in the court of public opinion ... ext . the phone booth , lincoln , montana - day lowell ( a beat ) ... and I would be lie to you if I do not tell you , I be about out of move , Dick ... richard scrugg all right . see you ... int . cafe , lincoln , montana - day lowell walk right in and up to a booth and a couple in hike pants and hike boot . they look up at he ... lowell hi . so , what be you folk do here in lincoln ? and we sense something be all wrong here . man geologist ( affable ) geology survey . lowell ( nod ) geology . yeah ? really ? woman geologist how about you ? lowell ( direct ) I work for CBS News . man geologist ( after a beat ) oh , yeah ? lowell nod . they look at each other and they both know there 's a lot more than meet the eye . and as lowell get up and leave ... ext . a pay phone , lincoln , montana - day and we see lowell on the pay phone again . lowell just run into two of you " geologist . " geologist whose hand be not all chew up ...? bill robertson' voice ( over ) lowell ? int . the FBI , bill robertson' office , WASHINGTON - day and we see Bill Robertson 's on the phone ... bill robertson do not ... screw this up . we be a week away from a arrest ... ext . the pay phone , lincoln , montana - day lowell so , I will hold it ... and ... bill robertson' voice ( over ) ( on the phone ) we will give you a head up before we launch . lowell how long ? bill robertson' voice ( over ) Three hour . lowell you get a deal . ( hang up ) int . lowell' room , motel , montana - night lowell be in a T-shirt and sweat pants , sit in a old , re- upholster - one-too-many - time chair in a room barely big enough for a chair , a bed and the tv / vcr combo on the cheap dresser . it 's play lowell 's cut of the full wigand interview . he watch the show that will never see the light of day . mike wallace's voice ( over ) " ... like the testimony before Congress of Dr. wigand 's former boss , Brown &amp ; williamson 's Chief executive Officer , Thomas sandefur . " thomas sandefur ( in close - up ) " I believe that nicotine be not addictive . " wigand ( in match close - up ) " I believe Mr. sandefur perjure himself ... because I watch that testimony very carefully . " then it cut to all seven ceo of Big tobacco raise they hand and take the oath in front of Congress to tell the truth while ... wallace's voice ( over ) " all of we do ... there be this whole like of people , the whole line of ceo up there , all swear that . " wigand voice ( over ) " part of the reason I be here be I felt ... " and the pause after the word make " felt " resound , and as it cut to Jeffrey on camera say ... wigand ( cont 'd ) " ... that they representation ... " and lowell freeze after the image ... he get up , look out the window through the curtain with the spill from the neon motel sign . outside be horse trailer . he go back to watch the show ... stand there ... in touch with he own creative work product and the idea inherent in it in this decision - make process that we feel be critical to he . turn , he dial the phone and we intercut with ... jim cooper' voice ( over ) hello ? lowell Jim , it 's lowell . int . < i> new york time < / i> - night jim cooper hey ! where be you ? lowell' voice ( over ) ( do not answer ) remember that night at p.j. 's ? you ask I if we be sit on something " explosive " ? ( beat ) well , we be not " sit on " it . ( beat ) CBS corporate lean on CBS News which yank a interview we do with a top - rank tobacco scientist . a corporate officer . they be try to close down the story . jim cooper ( sarcastic ) you mean , " 60 Minutes " be let CBS corporate decide what be or be not news ? ( beat ) what 's wallace think about this , or hewitt , or ...? lowell how prominent ? what kind of placement ? jim cooper oh , c'mon , lowell . this be < i> the New York Times < / i>. I do not know ... lowell well , until you do , all I can tell you be what you already know ... they will not air a interview . jim cooper call I back in ten . lowell hang up . re-dial . int . debbie deluca's apartment - new york - late night Debbie answer , intercutte with above ... lowell' voice ( over ) Debbie . it 's I ... debbie deluca hi . what time be it ? lowell' voice ( over ) oh , it 's late . debbie deluca that I know . when be you come back ? lowell I can not get out of here till mid-morn . I will be in tomorrow night ... ( beat ) listen , could you call a number for I , it 's in Mississippi ... debbie deluca okay . hold on a second ... what be it ? int . < i> new york time < / i> - night Jim Cooper 's workstation . his phone ring . he grab it . jim cooper hello ? ( beat ) lowell' voice ( over ) lowell . jim cooper alright , lowell . page one . editorial 's interested . let 's talk . int . motel , lincoln , montana - night lowell here 's how it work . you ask I question . I tell you if you be wrong . jim cooper' voice ( over ) okay . ( pause ) lowell ? lowell yeah ? jim cooper' voice ( over ) you be sure you want to do this ? lowell why ? jim cooper' voice ( over ) hey , it do not work ? you have burn you bridge , man . lowell you ready ...? jim cooper' voice ( over ) okay ... about this whistle -blower ... do Mike and Don go along with the corporate decision ? no answer . jim cooper' voice ( over ) ( cont would ) lowell ? lowell do I tell you you be wrong ? jim cooper' voice ( over ) no. ( beat ) I be assume the cave - in begin with the threat of litigation from Big tobacco . be we talk ... be we talk Brown &amp ; williamson , here ? moving closer into the face of lowell . his gaze falter . his eye go back to the motel tv mutely freeze on the show . whatever he 's see there , he gaze be steadfast . ext . STREET , new york - 5:30 a.m. newspaper box be load with < i> the New York Times < / i>. ext . HOTEL , new york - 5:30 a.m. cab pull to curb and a raincoate man emerge . we see he carry a copy of this morning 's < i> New York Times < / i>. int . a HOTEL room , new york - dawn a suitcase be half - unpack on the floor ... a sleep figure ... there 's a knock . irritate , a sleep lowell get up to answer it . he look through the security peep hole . he open it . and Mike wallace , a newspaper under he arm , be stand in the doorway . mike wallace do I get you up ? lowell no , I usually sit around in my hotel room , dress like this at 5:30 in the morning , sleepy look on my face . there 's a awkward quiet . Mike enter . he slow , look around . mike wallace how many show have we do ? huh ? c'mon , how many ? lowell oh , lot . mike wallace yeah , that 's right . lowell but in all that time , Mike , do you ever get off a plane , walk into a room , and find that a source for a story change he mind ? lose he heart ? walk out on we ? not one fuck time ! you want to know why ? mike wallace I see a rhetorical question on the horizon . lowell I be go to tell you why . because when I tell someone I be go to do something , I deliver . mike wallace oh , how fortunate I be to have lowell bergman 's moral tutelage to point I down the shine path . to show I the way . lowell oh , please , Mike ... mike wallace ( beat ) give I a break ! lowell no , you give I a break ! I never leave a source hang out to dry , ever . abandon . not ' till right fuck now ! when I come on this job , I come with my word intact . I be gonna leave with my word intact . fuck the rule of the game ! Hell , you be suppose to know I , Mike . what the hell do you expect ? you expect I to lie down ? back off ? what , get over it ? mike wallace in the real world , when you get to where I be , there be other consideration ... lowell like what ? corporate responsibility ? what , be we talk celebrity here ? mike wallace I be not talk celebrity , vanity , CBS . I be talk about when you be nearer the end of you life than the beginning . now , what do you think you think about then ? the future ? " in the future I be go to do this ? become that ? " what " future " ? no . what you think be : how will I be regard in the end ? after I be go . he trail off . they look at each other . mike wallace ( cont would ) now , along the way I suppose I make some minor impact . ( beat ) I do Iran - Gate and the Ayatollah , malcolm X , Martin luther King , Saddam , Sadat , etcetera , etcetera . I show they thief in suit . ( beat ) I have spend a lifetime building all that . but history only remember most what you do last . and should that be front a segment that allow a tobacco giant to crash this network ? ( beat ) do it give someone at my time of life pause ? ( simply ) yeah . and the look on wallace 's face be " it do . whether it should or should not ... what difference do that make ? it do . " and we realize only now that he have not come to argue . lowell Mike ... in my ... mike wallace ( low ) you and I have be do this together for fourteen year . and he give lowell a copy of < i > the New York Times < / i>. mike wallace ( cont would ) this be today 's < i> New York Times < / i>. ( beat ) in it be the whole sordid story of what go on inside we shop . lowell look down at the page . the headline be " '60 minute ' order to pull interview in tobacco report . " mike wallace ( cont would ) and in the editorial ... it accuse we ... of betray the legacy of Edward R. murrow . turn , he walk out and down the hallway . lowell look at the newspaper . int . the commuter helicopter - morning the helicopter approach Manhattan . John scanlon sit with hewitt , both of they read < i> the Wall Street Journal < / i> wigand article . don hewitt ( troubled ) they conclude most of it seem pretty unsubstantiated ... ( look at he , sicken ) you be full of shit , John . int . coffee shop , new york - morning lowell at a table litter with < i> New York Times , New York Daily News < / i> , etc . his phone ring ... lowell yeah . int . a CITY bus , new york - morning Broadway background streak past Debbie deluca 's head as she ride , talk on a cell phone , < i> the Wall Street Journal < / i> in she hand . debbie deluca ... front page . there 's a picture of wigand . article 's entitle , " get personal , " by-line to suein hwang and milo geyelin . wait , hold on a second , lowell . Debbie hit " call wait . " debbie deluca ( cont would ) yeah . yeah , sure . I will see if I can find he . hold on ... ( beat ; to lowell ) yeah , Don 's look for you ... lowell good . debbie deluca the sub-head be , " Brown &amp ; williamson have a 500 - page dossier attack Chief critic . " it quote Richard scrugg call it " the worst kind of a organize smear campaign against a whistle - blower . " int . coffee shop , new york - morning extremely close lowell . debbie deluca's voice ( over ) " ... a close look at the file , and independent research by this newspaper into its key claim , indicate that many of the serious allegation against Mr. wigand be back by scant or contradictory evidence ... " ext . STREET , new york - morning as lowell hail a cab in a wide angle and run towards we , jump into the cab ... int . don hewitt's office - day don hewitt the news division have be vilify in < i> the New York Times < / i> , in print , on television , for cave to corporate interest ! we pull back and we see that lowell 's with hewitt in hewitt 's office ... don hewitt ( cont 'd ) < i > the New York Times < / i> run a blow by blow of what we talk about behind close door ! you fuck we ! lowell ( shouting ) no , you fuck you ! do not invert stuff ! Big tobacco try to smear wigand ; you buy it . < i> the Wall Street Journal < / i> , here , not exactly a bastion of anti - capitalist sentiment , refute Big tobacco 's smear campaign as the lowest form of character assassination ! and now , even now , when every word of what wigand have say on we show be print , the entire deposition of he testimony in a court of law in the State of Mississippi , the cat totally out of the bag , you be still stand here debate ! Don , what the hell else ... do you need ? and hewitt , look around . don hewitt Mike , you tell he ... mike wallace ( simply ) you fuck up , Don . and Don 's take off stride ... don hewitt ( recover fast ) hey , it 's old news ! stick with I . like always , we will be okay . this thing have a half - life of fifteen minute ... mike wallace no , that 's fame . Fame have a fifteen - minute half - life ... ( droll ) infamy ... last a little longer . lowell look at wallace . mike wallace ( cont 'd ) we cave . it 's foolish . it 's simply dead wrong . ( in he face , so there 's no doubt ) now , this be what we be go to do . we be go over to Black rock ... int . a high school science CLASS , louisville - afternoon Jeff be in front of he class , teach ... wigand okay , so let 's get back to it . alright , now , what we see there be ... int . lax - ecu : lowell - night tire , he suitcase at he foot . we do not know if he 's come or go . he 's at a pay phone in the more - desert - than - not airport . lowell ( into phone ) they cancel the six o'clock . ( beat ) I do not know why . I be on the 8:10 . I should be home ... 9:30 . I will see you then . Love ya '. bye ... he hang up and amble over to a lounge with a few traveller sit in it . mike wallace " CBS management would not let we broadcast we original story and we interview with wigand because they be worried about the possibility of a multi-billion dollar lawsuit against we for tortious interference ... but now thing have change . " int . jeffrey wigand apartment , louisville - night a small apartment . Jeffrey dish out second helping of pasta primavera into two pasta plate and bring they into the kitchenette to he girl , deborah and Barbara . and now we see and hear the small television on the table play " 60 Minutes " and ... michael moore ( on television ) " ... in my opinion , be a industry that have perpetrate the biggest fraud on the american public in history . " deborah look proudly at she father . wigand 's get up and go out of the kitchenette . he have stop for a moment around the corner in the hallway . his kid can not see he . we can . and he watch they and he eye get shiny and start to tear . and as he stand there , watch he girl at the kitchen table witness they father 's hard - earn " truth " on television , we realize that of all the audience , he girl be the one he care about most ... int . airport lounge and lowell in he moment of victory be watch he " 60 Minutes " double segment on a departure lounge television with he foot rest on he suitcase , next to a chicano woman with two kid and she mother and a older man with a beard and cane . a airport cleaner stop to watch , too . lowell glance at he ... unbeknownst to this viewer , arrest by the content on the television screen , be that the man who make it sit casually among they , watch he work . int . lowell' house , kitchen , berkeley - night Sharon sit at the kitchen table . she watch in a far corner a small countertop television . it 's " 60 Minutes , " the full show entitle " Jeffrey wigand , Ph.D. " and on the top right , " produced by lowell bergman . " as Sharon continue watch the television play on the counter , the emotional current within she remain unreveal ... int . mike wallace's study - on mike wallace - night watch the show . he see himself ... mike wallace ( to wigand ) " you wish you have not blow the whistle ? " wigand ( on television , hesitate ) " there be time ... I wish I have not do it . but there be time that I feel compel to do it ... " " I have - if you ask I if I would do it again or if it 's - do I think it 's worth it . yeah . I think it 's worth it . " wallace , satisfied , rise to refill he glass , as ... int . airport lounge lowell watch show in airport . int . a surveillance van , lincoln , montana - night and we see the FBI agent , bill robertson on the phone . bill robertson I promise you a three - hour head - up ... well , here it be . have a camera crew stand by in helena , Montana on Tuesday and I will give you a three - hour head start . alright ? by the way , that be a hell of a good show tonight ... int . lowell' house , berkeley - night lowell ( nod , trustworthy ) thank you , Bill . and he quietly hang up . and it 's still . Sharon 's laid down , close she eye . they lie close together . after some moment , she open she eye and let we know what she 's be think ... sharon ( understate ) you win . this time he be not droll . lowell yeah ? ( a beat ) what do I win ? there 's a odd look on he face , not the look of a victor . he shut off the light . and as they lie close together in the dark in each other 's arm ... we're looking at the familiar CBS eye on a television screen . and then the word : " special report . " int . master control room , CBS - day lowell , enter through machine room , into a state - of - the - art master Control room . on a wall be fifty or more monitor , in the humidity - and -temperature - control nexus of CBS operation . and it 's jamme with people , witness a fast - break , major news event . Mike wallace stand near fell . lowell cross past fell and stand next to Mike wallace . and we see footage of a handcuff , bearded , barefoot man ... theodore kaczynski , the unabomber , be take in by the FBI . a director count down . Dan Rather launch ... dan rather " report from CBS World News headquarters in New York , good afternoon . there have be a major break in the case of the so-called ' unabomber . ' CBS News have learn that a remote homesite outside lincoln , Montana have be under FBI surveillance ... " bill felling thanks for this . you know , we beat everybody . ABC , NBC , CNN . Mike motion lowell out into the corridor so they can be alone . int . corridor , CBS - day the control room and crowd be see through the glass wall . after some moment : mike wallace that Canada story ? still interest you ? lowell ( nod ) everything interest I . Mike nod ... lowell put he hand in he jacket pocket ... after some moment ... lowell ( cont 'd ) I quit , Mike . Mike 's startle . mike wallace bullshit . lowell shake he head " no . " mike wallace ( cont 'd ) c'mon , it all work out . you come out okay in the end ... lowell I do ? what do I tell a source on the next tough story ? hang in with we . you will be fine ... maybe ? they look at each other . lowell say to Mike , intimately , what he know Mike know ... lowell ( cont would ) what get break here ... do not go back together again . lowell 's heartfelt regret . he start to leave . they look at each other . lowell ( cont would ) so , uh ... and lowell move off along the hallway , the monitor all show CBS programming . he do not even look back ... a legend appear : card # 1 : subsequent to the event dramatize here , the tobacco industry in 1998 settle the lawsuit file against it by MISSISSIPPI and 49 other states for $ 246 billion . card # 2 : although base on a true story , certain event in this motion picture have be fictionalized for dramatic effect . the source of the death threat against the wigand never be identified and no one be ever charge of prosecuted . card # 3 : in 1996 dr . wigand be name < i> teacher of the year < / i> in kentucky . currently , he live in south CAROLINA . card # 4 : lowell bergman be a correspondent for the pbs series < i> frontline </ i> and be on the faculty of the graduate school of journalism at the university of california at berkeley . the end