the running man ( 1987 ) last edit 5 May 1998 the running man - title base on the novel " the running man " by Richard bachman screenplay by Steven E. de douza directed by Paul Michael glaser introduction by 2017 the world economy have collapse . food , natural resource and oil be in short supply . a police state , divide into paramilitary zone , rule with a iron hand . Television be control by the state and a sadistic game show call " the running man " have become the most popular program in history . all art , music and communication be censor . no dissent be tolerate and yet a small resistance movement have manage to survive underground . when high - tech gladiator be not enough to suppress the people 's yearn for freedom ...... more direct method become necessary . helicopter over CITY at night over military -radio yankee-nine-niner . what be you co-ordinate ? Ben Zero-two -zero , flight level one -five . we be above release point echo - bravo-one . over military - Radio move in and check it out . Ben Roger . move in . food riot in progress . approximately fifteen-hundred civilian . no weapon evident . over military - Radio proceed with plan alpha . eliminate anything move . Ben I say the crowd be unarm ! there be lot of woman and child down there ! all they want be food for-god - sake ! over military - Radio as you be Richards . proceed with plan alpha . all rioter must be eliminate . Ben the hell with you I will not fire on helpless people ! abort mission . we return back to base . over military - Radio Lieutenant saunder do you copy ? saunder affirmative over military - Radio take Command . detain Richards and proceed as order military personal in helicopter attack BEN military passenger what the fuck be you do !?! get he ! God damn it ! we be lose it , tipping over ! saunder I get it ! I get control ! they say detain he , do not drop he . military passenger Richards , you go to fry for this . another military passenger and I will see you in hell . BEN knocked out by butt of gun wilshire detention zone ( 18 month later ) ( outdoors ) Guard # 1 c'mon , keep digging . Guard ( charley ) what 's the hold up ? Guard # 1 this one have it . a guard remove dead prisoner restraint collar Guard ( charley ) watch the detonator . Guard # 1 get that garbage out of here . move ! Guard # 1 hey charley , do you see the run man last night ? Guard ( charley ) I never miss it . even win five hundred buck . Guard # 1 lucky bastard Guard # 3 work crew come through Guard # 4 prisoner transfer , from post . Guard ( on telephone ) ok , hang on . lenny ? this be East perimeter . the fresh meat just get here . shut down the deadline . Guard ( lenny ) affirmative . shut down now . stand clear . Security system access code pend . verify . perimeter deactivate . sonic deadlock be down . sonic deadlock be down . guard instruct the group of prisoner Guard # 4 ok ass -hole , move it . Guard # 3 move it . let go . Guard # 4 let 's go ! Guard # 3 get off the land or lose you head . ( indoors ) Guard ( on telephone ) East perimeter here . you prisoner be all in compound . we be clear . Guard ( lenny - use a suitcase - computer ) affirmative . activate deadline . [ turn to Weiss ] what be you look at ? get out of here . Security system sonic deadline be up . sonic deadline be up . prisoner restraint collar armed . prisoner restraint collar armed . BEN and laughlan start fighting chaos erupt as prisoner attack the guard weiss grab suitcase -computer Ben ( to a guard he lift up by the groin ) give you a lift ? laughlan get it open . Weiss I get it , I get it . laughlan repeat the code . Weiss I do . six , five , three ... shit ! it 's not work . Ben you be a hell of a actor laughlan . laughlan who 's act ? Ben well you be still alive be not you ? laughlan use that code . Weiss ok . Ben Weiss , what 's the hold up ? c'mon ! Weiss the link computer 's deny the code . it must be the wall in here , it 's block the signal . it 's not happen . Ben then we try it outside . move ! ( outdoors ) another prisoner open the gate ! open the gate ! Ben go ahead ! do it ! shut off the deadline or we all lose we head ! Weiss system function . must be a encryption lockout . damn ! Security system perimeter deactivate . perimeter deactivate . prisoner restraint collar armed . sonic deadlock be up . sonic deadlock be up . chico all right ! all right ! another prisoner not yet ... chico ! chico ! amigo ! Ben come back ! the deadline 's still up . Weiss he 's not go to make it . that collar 's gunna blow . Ben chico ! boom ! chico' restraint collar blows he head off Security system ... sonic deadlock be up . prisoner restraint collar armed . perimeter deactivate . perimeter deactivate . perimeter deactivate . perimeter deactivate . prisoner run free los angelos junkyard huge tv female announcer remember , zone pass be require at all time . display pass properly . all inter-zone day worker with zone pass be remind that curfew begin at midnight . anyone without a valid zone card after midnight will be permanently detain . cadre kid , do not forget October be bonus recruitment month , earn a double bonus for report a family member . ics you entertainment and information network remind you see be believe . damon what 's the number one television show in the whole , wide world ? Studio audience the running man! damon yes ! phil yes , it 's the running man . four hundred square block of game -zone ... stevie you guy wanna buy a hot stereo ? laughlan stevie . stevie laughlan . glad you guy make it . huge tv phil ... network stalker give criminal , traitor , and enemy of the state , exactly what they deserve . I will be tune to eleven on ics channel one . produce in co-operation of the zone core department of justice , all rights reserve . the running man , America 's favourite game show . female announcer a child , you child , happy , loving , caring ... inside caravan within los angelos junkyard mic work on removing laughlan' restraint collar laughlan do you believe this shit ? twenty - four hour a day . mic Seven day a week . Ben do not listen to it . laughlan I worry about the kid . the network shut down school . the kid be either in hide or get basic training , brain - wash by the tv . Weiss we can jam the network once we find the up - link to the satellite , then we will broadcast the truth . Ben the truth , have not be very popular lately . mic can not find the code or the up -link . do not know where the network hide something that big , but they manage . er stevie , would you mind ? Goodbye my lovely . boom ! restraint collar thrown in as safe where it blows up BEN sit in chair to have he collar removed mic you one of the cop who lock up all my friend , burn my song . people like you take this country , and turn it into a jail . laughlan we do not want he death on we hand . mic he 's a cop . he 's the Butcher of bakersfield . Weiss c'mon mic . now you can see through that crap . it 's network propaganda . laughlan we do not know that . Weiss we know we would not be here if he have not help we . laughlan we also know he 's not one of we . mic perhaps now he 's see too much . Ben I have see to much ? all I have see be a bunch of low forehead who think they can change the world with dream and talk . it 's too late for that . if you be not ready to act give I a break and shut up . mic nothing worth lose you head over though , aye ? Ben you get it . road leaving los angelos junkyard utility vehicle arrive laughlan well , there 's you ride . it 's all set . Ben whoa , nothing like first class . mexican guy senorita , senorita . you want to come in ? yeah . hey , you too ? Ben I guess this be it . now you , Weiss , stay out of the national database . and you , laughlan , stop try to teach the constitution to the street punk . see you at the ten year prison re-union . Weiss you can still join we if you want to . Ben no thank you . my brother 's go to get I out of the city . plus I be not into politics , I be into survival . laughlan nowadays friendship 's the same thing . Ben laughlan , save it for the write test . good luck . laughlan yeah , to all of we . BEN leave on the back of utility vehicle outside ics build damon arrive in a red limo and wave to crowd ics build entrance walking to elevator damon Brenda have you get this week rating or do I have to guess . Brenda they be the same as last week and that be the same all last month . I guess we have just peek , but it 's not like withdrawal . damon not with you , beautiful sweet -heart . woooooh ! cleaner oh , I be sorry mister ... damon that 's okay , what 's you name . cleaner Stan . damon Stan , you be do good work , you work beautiful . do not worry . cleaner thank you . damon ok ? cleaner thank you . in elevator damon Brenda if that ass-hole be mop the floor tomorrow you will be mop it for the rest of the week . [ to sven ] let 's go ! amber' apartment BEN unlocks door to apartment door lock Security code accept BEN enter apartmentben Edward ? backstage at icsbrenda damon , be you down in wardrobe yet ? they have get you new jacket . they be fantastic ! damon who choose the colour ? hey . how be my people today ? one isc employee Fine sir . damon haha , you be look good . Love that unif ... tony ! tony ! what have you get for I ? tony damon , thank god . the justice department 's be call every ten minute . damon just give they a evasive answer . tell they to go fuck themselves . you get my coffee ? I wanna know what we get all right ? tony all right , let 's see . amber' apartment amber enter amber light . ( softly ) oh god. Kitchen , toast and coffee . ics , channel one . amber begins do sit - ups infront of her tv amber' tv : Captain freedom be you ready for pain ? be you ready for suffer ? if the answer be yes , then you be ready for Captain freedom 's work -out . phil yes it 's America 's own , Captain freedom . ten time national champion . the great stalker to ever play the game . all right now all you runner , ready , get set , go ! tv News announcer we interrupt Captain freedom 's work - out to bring you this urgent news bulletin . female News reporter the city police be engage in a door- to - door search for a Benjamin A. Richards . known as the Butcher of bakersfield , Richards , a former police officer , be the helicopter pilot who go berserk eighteen month ago fire without warning on a crowd of innocent civilian . if you see this man do not approach he , contact you local law enforcement agency . he be consider armed and dangerous . we will now return ... BEN put a hand over amber' mouthben do not make a sound , you understand ? who be you ? a friend of my brother ? amber slap ben' hand away amber what be you talk about ? Ben this be he apartment . amber I move in last month . they say the last tenant be take away for ... Ben ...yes ... amber ... for re-education . amber be chase around her apartment amber help ! be you the man !?! he 's enter and be in my house ! and Butcher of bakersfield be in my bathroom ! Captain freedom ( on amber 's tv ) that 's the ticket , no pain , no gain . amber be caught by BEN amber let go of I ! let go ! let go ! Ben listen to I because I be only go to say this once . this be all a lie , I be frame , I be completely innocent . amber yeah sure . Ben now be quiet and stay still . I be out of here in five minute . amber' telephone ring answer machine hi , this be amber . I be not home right now , I be out somewhere have a wonderful time with glamorous people at fabulous place . so , when you hear the tone contain you jealousy and leave a message . ( beep ) amber be chase around apartment again backstage at ics a computer scroll through profile of criminals Computer baby-face March . damon be you kid I ? next . tony how 's this one ? case one - fourteen . School teacher . kill he wife and mother - in- law at a faculty dinner with a steak knife . damon see I like that quality . he 's the sort that the neighbour say ' such a nice man and never too busy to say ' hello ' ' . but look at he he weigh a hundred and twenty pound , he would not last thirty second . who else ? Brenda what about that bank robber ? the one that make that suicide pact . damon do they commit suicide ? Brenda obviously not damon . damon then they be unreliable . tony I get a friend at a talent agency , maybe they have get a axe-murderer or something ... damon' attention drawn to a tv in the next room damon hello gorgeous . tony ... somebody with stamina . damon tony . tony . pipe that feed in here now ! take a look at this . this be footage of yesterday 's prison break . hey. look ! look at that mother move . be he beautiful ? who be he ? tony be you kid ? that 's Ben Richards . damon the cop from the massacre . sensational . perfect contestant . I want 'im ! Brenda you can not have he . damon why not ? Brenda damon , you know we contract , we never get military prisoner . tony who 's a military prisoner ? he 's still at large . damon yeah , well they will get he for I . cadre 's can not have it both way . they want rating , I can get ten point for he biceps alone . hello ? this be killian . get I the justice department , entertainment division . no hold that . Operator , get I the president 's agent . amber' apartment amber be tied to bench Ben what be this ? amber it 's my synthesiser set-up . I be a musician . well I be really ... I be really ... a singer . i...i ... I write music for the network . have you hear the theme song ' you give I joy , you give I strife ' ? well I write that . Ben you must be very proud of yourself . amber it 's really nothing . BEN search through a cardboard BOX in a cupboard Ben look at this . they be all on a censor list . and look what we have here . this look like black - market clothing . and you write the network jingle . amber come on . everybody do it . Ben money . that 's what I need , money . amber that money 's not go to do you any good . you will not be able to do squat . you do not have a travel pass . Ben you do . ( Ben un -clip travel pass from one of amber 's shirt ) now I do . BEN presses keys on amber' computer Ben let 's see . now where should we go . maybe some place warm . I need to work on my tan anyway . you see you get so pale in prison . here you be . good . now , I be go to untie you , and you go to get dress , and you go to come with I . amber oh yeah ? well why should I ? Ben because I be go to say ' please ' . BEN lift amber and bench up off floor with one arm amber well why do not you say so ? airport ( indoors ) female announcer ( over PA ) all flight from toora , toteral and medelinburgh be on schedule . flight anacon to chile be delay several hour . all nidus flight be cancel until further notice . passenger be remind to have you travel pass ready before board ... amber you will never pull this off you know . you be unarm , out -number . face it , you be screw . so why do not you forget about all this and turn yourself in ? Ben you know , you have a very negative attitude . and remember , I can break you neck like a chicken 's . Travel pass Guard Travel pass . Ben what a beautiful day today . I can practically taste the pina colada 's already . right , sweet -heart ? Travel pass Guard miss . Ben oh you do not put it in you purse again do you ? last vacation she put my credit card in there and we could not find they for a week . oh dear . [ to Travel pass Guard ] could you hold on to this please ? impatient Lady ( behind they in cue ) you wanna move it up there ? we have get a plane to catch . Travel pass Guard go on . go on . Ben can not live with they , and you can not live without they . ( in shuttle bus ) amber I be warning you I get sick . Air sick , car sick , I be go to throw - up all over you . Ben go ahead , it will not show on this shirt . ( indoors ) amber help ! he 's Ben Richards ! he try to kidnap I ! help ! siren SOUND over military -radio positive id . Benjamin A. Richards . Area one fugitive . repeat . all unit ... ( outdoors ) guard chase BEN across runway in a vanguard # 1 all right . we be on he . Close it in . Guard # 2 go , go , go . move ! they catch BEN in a netguard # 1 ( to Ben ) you move and you dead ! backstage at isc BEN be locked in cell damon hi cutie-pie . you know one of we be in deep trouble . do you know who I be ? Ben sure , I have see you before . you be the ass-hole on tv . damon that 's funny , I be go to say the same thing about you . I see the video of you prison break . sensational . Ben , I think we might be able to help each other out . I have get brain and you have get talent . no , you have get more than that , you have get talent , you have get charisma , and you have get ball . that 's why I pull a few string to get you here . and that 's why I would like you to volunteer to appear on tomorrow 's broadcast of the running man . Ben fuck you . damon hahaha . you be a brilliant conversationalist Ben . a trifle limited but brilliant . take a look . on a tv inside cell Weiss how long be they go to keep we here ? laughlan they have get Richards too . Weiss I hope not . Lord know what they would do to he . damon be not that you old school teacher buddy there , huh ? and there 's that other one who help you in the prison break . Ben Weiss , laughlan . what be you go to do with they ! damon well , that 's really up to you , Ben . you see , I create the running man , but I do not make the rule . I have get a contract with the government , they send I the convict and I put they on the show . well you have see it right ? you know at least you have get a chance , but you buddy , Ben , they be the b-list . so if you do not do the running man tomorrow , Weiss and laughlan be gunna go on in you place . what do you say ? preparation room BEN be restrained and be give injection Med tech # 1 we will see how far this clown run when where do with he . start barium i.v . that 's a go . Med tech # 2 ( sit at a computer ) reading all system down the line . you bird be sing loud and clear . Med tech # 1 all system check out . Med tech # 3 mandibular restraint . inter-vanadic injection . Ben aaahhh fck . Med tech # 3 deltoid thyam injection . procedure complete Med tech # 2 that take care of he . ( short chuckle ) thrown back into cell Ben sons-of-a-bitch . Med tech # 1 he 's wrap . knock he out ' till show time . amber' apartment amber' tv damon this guy , they never stop compete , you get thirsty just watch they . now in my line of work I can not afford that fell up feel ... that 's why I drink cadre cola . it hit the spot . female News reporter the capture of renegade police officer and mass murder Ben Richards , be film yesterday by runway security camera . Richards ' hostage amber mendez be unharme . some airport personal be not so lucky , like the ticket agent and Security Guard which Richards shot at point blank range when he arrive at the airport . amber ( to herself ) but that 's not true . amber' tv female News reporter they be take to cadre memorial hospital where they remain in a guard condition . and now back to climb for dollar . tv woof ! woof ! woof ! aaaahhhh ! on screen ' climb for dollar will be right back ... ' backstage at isc cell be opened agent mister Richards . I be you court - appoint theatrical agent . it 's time . the running man stage music and dancing backstage at isc tony digital effect number one ( click ) . Roll process mod ( click ) . isc woman Big crowd tonight . isc man better there than in the street . outside isc build a crowd of fan cheer buzzsaw who 's the number one stalker ? excite fan buzzsaw . slice that one for I , man . excite fan hit in face by buzzsaw excite fan he touch I ! do you guy see that ? buzzsaw touch I ! backstage at isc damon ( to make - up guy ) do not touch the hair ! corridor in isc build Amy ( at cola can machine ) look , do you have any more change ? I run out . six dollar , jeez this place . you be lucky to be alive . I mean that guy just kill , what , sixty , eighty , a hundred people ? amber not accord to he he have not . Amy well that 's what they all say . BEN be escorted past amber and amy agent ( read legal contract ) ... and whereas the victim can contest this , where in the network and victim have in past be in combatant . ad hoc defacto , the party here in have agree to disagree , this be now mutually consent to be diseur and therefore both party have obligation to each other . respective rights and obligation , ' a ' the victim have no rights , ' B ' ... Amy Boy , you be lucky he do not kill you too . or rape you , then kill you . or kill you , then rape you . I mean , a guy like that , what would stop he ? amber yeah , what would . look Amy , I .. I have to pass on that drink I just remember that I have some paperwork to do . so I will catch you tomorrow . stage phil ..and now the producer of the running man , and everyone 's favourite showman , damon killian . damon yeah ! thank you . you beautiful . I love you . yes ! you beautiful . thank you . hahaha . shhh ... it 's show time ! stage light up damon now tell I , what 's the number one television show in the whole , wide world ? Studio audience the running man! damon and who love you and who do you love ? Studio audience damon ! damon one more time ! Studio audience damon ! damon yes ! applause damon phil , my announcer . Heard the warm up today , and honestly phil , I do not think I have ever hear you funnier . I be just kid guy you great at you job , to bad it be not music ! backstage agent ... for cassettes , video tape , bubble - chip , or all other method of recording know or unknown . sign here . here , here . here use my back victim . ahh ! BEN stab agent back with the pen Ben do not forget to send I a copy . agent ahhhh ! stage damon ... the love of my life , my number one fan , Mrs mcardle . how be you doin ' ? Mrs mcardle just fine . damon I want a kiss now , a big kiss , but remember , no tongue . Mrs mcardle bless you . damon sit down little darlin' . we have one hell of a show for you tonight . phil , please , if you will , introduce tonight 's guest runner . and watch that screen . phil we star runner tonight need no introduction he be Ben Richards the brutal slayer of sixty man , woman and child in the bakersfield massacre . studio tv screen Ben ( in helicopter over city at night ) food riot in progress . approximately fifteen-hundred civilian . move in . over military - Radio yankee-nine-niner , the crowd in unarm . repeat unarm . abort attack . acknowledge , yankee-nine-niner . Ben the hell with you ! over military - Radio Lieutenant saunder , take command , detain Richards and return to base . personal fight over military - Radio acknowledge , yankee-nine-niner . acknowledge . return to base . that be innocent unarm people down there ! cease fire ! cease fire ! helicopter begins shoot into crowd of people damon well , we all know the aftermath . grieving parent , orphane child , a nation shocked to it 's very core . here he be . ready to pay the price for we home audience , in person , the Butcher of bakersfield ! BEN escorted on stage Studio audience booo ! BEN clothes torn off to reveal a ' runners ' outfit Studio audience yey ! damon now Ben Richards could have go to prison and pay the penalty but instead he volunteer for the running man ... and have a chance at we fabulous prise like a trial by jury , suspend sentence , maybe even a full pardon like we previous winner , wittman , price and hadad . you remember they , wittman , price and hadad , there they be , and at this very moment they be bask in the beautiful maui sun , they debt to society pay in full . speak of prise , you do not have to be a menace to society to be a winner , you folk in the audience , you will get a chance too . phil tell we friend what they can win today . phil damon , how about a year supply of orgofura procreation pill , both adult and kiddie size , and the latest edition of the running man home game . damon Ben , I know you be just die to get into that game - zone and show we that same determination you show up in bakersfield , well first I have get a little surprise for you . BEN be clamped into a vaccuum sled Studio audience hahahaha . damon haha . we all know you be a big , tough guy , Ben , but that do not mean that you a loner , and it take a big man to admit that he need he friend . we do not want to break up a win team Ben , so here they be ready to go for break right by you side . lady and gentleman , Ben 's buddy , harold Weiss and William laughlan ! Ben son-of-a-bitch . damon you know how this work . the game - zone be divide into four hundred square block , leave over from the big quake of ninety - seven , and I do not think any of we will ever forget that one . Studio audience hahahaha . damon once inside the zone the runner have three hour , they have get to go through all four game quad , three hour or less , and they be go to need every second because you know who 's on they tail . Studio audience the stalker ! damon who !?! Studio audience the stalker ! damon and you know what happen then . Studio audience anything go ! damon what !?! Studio audience anything go ! damon right ! without further ado , it 's time to start run ! applause damon on you mark ... get set ... Ben killian , I will be back . damon only in a re-run . go! go ! laughlan you son-of-a-bitch ! damon go ! yes ! three contestant be sucked into vacuum sled tube backstage at isc isc woman all system go . isc man vacuum sleds pass check point one . downstair at isc amber be searching through draw of video cartridge and find " bakersfield massacre " amber ( read ) edited for television ... ( read next cartridge ) Raw footage . she get caught snooping around game -zone three runners reach end of vacuum sled tube hood man ( to runner ) C 'mon get up ! stage damon edith wiggins , come on down ! edith eeeeek ! damon wooh they edith , you look like you may have do a little stalking yourself . now , we need you to give the name of the stalker who we send out to hunt down that three desperate criminal . give I ten second please . mexican guy ( at huge tv in junkyard ) place you bet ... that 's it no more bet . edith I do not know they be all so good . damon quickly . edith well , my husband and my little boy , they have they favourite , but I like my man big and cuddly . damon yeah ? who be it ? edith subzero ! damon yeah all right . let 's hear it for subzero ! subzero enter stage phil and now out first stalker of the evening , a cadre trophy champion with over thirty life- time kill . let 's welcome the incredible ice- man who slice he opponent limb from limb into quivering , bloody sushi , professor subzero ! hood man ( at end of vacuum sled tube ) move. move it . come on . studio tv screen Captain freedom haha damon , here in the locker- room there 's a lot of excitement here , a lot of adrenalin . the stalker know there 's four hundred square block of game - zone out there and anything can happen in the next three hour . I remember once when I be in the ... damon ah sorry cap , I have just be inform that the runner have enter the first quad . let 's go there now , live ! game -zone the three runners be chase by men on bike Ben faster . keep go . runners come to a huge room with a ice floor mexican guy ( at huge tv in junkyard ) c'mon give I you money . give it to I . c'mon . Weiss cold . laughlan what be this ? door slam shut locking they in Ben guess they want we to stay . subzero on ice - skate knock the three runners over damon ( on stage ) subzero do it again . a triple hit ! Ben let 's get out of here . c'mon ! Weiss , c'mon ! subzero trap weiss in ice - hockey -goal / cage subzero howzat ! damon ( on stage give prize to edith ) oh look at this , a ics home video . yeah . and the running man home version , right here . Weiss look , get I out of here you guy ! Ben hang on Weiss , I be come . Old male ( in studio audience ) c'mon big boy ! female ( watch tv in a bar ) yeah ! Weiss Richards ? look , get I out of here you guy ! wil , look out ! male with moustache ( in the bar ) kill that son-of - a-bitch ! small crowd ( in the bar ) C 'mon ! yeah , yeah ! BEN pull barbed wire across subzero' path and subzero be strangled by it Studio audience ohhh . Ben ( into tv camera ) hey killian ! here be subzero ... now plain zero . stage silence damon lady and gentleman this be just horrible . word can not express what we be all feel at this very moment . a great champion have fall . we will be back right after this important message . game -zone three runner's OPEN door which slammed shut before Ben pull ! Weiss what the hell be that ? Ben it 's gas . let get out of here . c'mon . Weiss I be sure glad we take care of subzero . Ben yeah , he be a real pain in the neck . backstage at isc damon ( on telephone ) huh ?... I know ... I know a stalker die . well it have to happen sooner or later . yeah , well it be a contact sport , right ? you see you guy be justice , you can not have it both way . you want rating , you want people in they in front of the tv set rather than pickin ' line . well you be not go to get that with re-run of gilligan 's Island ... gilligan 's Island ... daa - da- Da - Da ... yeah , yeah , the one with the boat ! damon slam down receiver stage Studio audience fireball ! fireball ! fireball ! get 'im buzzsaw ! Leon I do not know . I think maybe dynamo , but buzzsaw be last year champion . I can not decide ! damon then do not decide , Leon . hard decision call hard solution . and here be two hard - ass ready to step in and take charge . you ask for them Leon , you get them , here they be buzzsaw and dynamo ! phil tell we all about this champion tag team . phil let 's give a down home welcome to buzzsaw , Eddie vacowski , last season lead stalker . buzzsaw 's Hammer and gauge chainsaw be make of trylon-coated duro-steel and can cut muscle , bone , sinew , or even solid steel ! backstage at isc damon well ? Brenda rating just jump eight point right across the board . damon eight ? Brenda make that nine point . damon I love Ben Richards . Brenda you want another surprise ? damon what ? Brenda you know that girl who be with Richards at the airport ? damon the one with the cute ass ? Brenda well this be cuter . they just catch she downstairs she be pull the bakersfield video . damon sensational . stage phil :... dynamo ! dynamo sing in opera voice and throws electricity lighting up he " clap if you love dynamo " neon sign then audience cheer wildly damon thank you , you be beautiful . well , it 's be a exciting show so far right ? we have have shock , we have have surprise , so we though why not one more surprise . will you please help I welcome we mystery contestant , miss amber mendez ! applause as amber struggle to free herself damon amber . amber . now I understand that you single amber and that you live on the West side . and not surprisingly she have flaunt the law and traditional morality all of she life . amber go ahead , tell some lie about I now . damon we do not lie . phil , tell we all about she . game -zone Ben it 's clear . c'mon . laughlan Weiss , what be it ? Weiss the camera relay , it 's point into the zone , not up . Ben who give a damn ? hey , where be you go ? stage phil .. later she cheat on college exam , have sexual relationship with two , sometimes three different man in a year , and then she meet mad dog Ben Richards . her confederate , she lover . amber that be a lie . damon dear , dear . let 's re-unite this little love-bird . go ! amber be sucked down vacuum sled tube game -zone Weiss it 's get to be here somewhere . Ben you want to tell I what the hell be go on ? Weiss all the relay be the same they point into the middle of the game - zone . now sooner or later they be go to connect . which mean the up - link to the network satellite be in there . laughlan no wonder mic 's people could not find it . no one ever come out here . Weiss if we can find the up - link we can crack the code . laughlan if we get it to mic the hologram will jam the network Ben jam the network ? jam it up you ass ! forget this crazy up - link business ! you go to get we all kill ! we have get to move on ! let 's go , move ! move ! Christ . BEN follows laughlan and weiss backstage at isc isc man ( to buzzsaw and dynamo ) stalker we have a bead , twenty degree north mark seven , twelve degree east mark two . fireball ( out of costume ) let 's win one for the Zero ! game -zone Ben up-link , underground . up-link , underground . if you do not shut up I be go to up - link you ass , you will be underground . watch out ! the light ! laughlan let 's get out of here . Ben shh , some one 's come . BEN grab amber and raise he fist amber hey ! hey ! Richards wait ! it 's amber ! Ben what the hell you do here !?! amber well , you do not have to belt the crap out of I ! you think I be glad to be here !?! laughlan who the hell 's this ? Ben she 's the one who turn I in at the airport . guess this be she reward . amber yeah go ahead , make joke . it 's you fault I be here . they think I be help you out . they even think I be you girlfriend . Ben well I can straighten that out . see that camera up here ? I can strangle you for the home audience . weiss run off without the other Weiss another relay . laughlan where ? Weiss they be out here . Ben Weiss ! amber what 's he talk about ? Ben Weiss ! over here ! over here ! buzzsaw come at the runners on he motorbike and then dynamo in he car laughlan you son-of-a-bitch ! Ben wait ! back off ! laughlan ! let 's go ! amber follows weiss toward the relay amber hey man what be you do ? hey ! Weiss the resistance have be try to jam the network for five year . this could be we chance . amber let 's go . Weiss no . this be more important . it 's the up -link to the network satellite . amber but he 's go to find we . Weiss , come on . Weiss . BEN and laughlan crawl into a damaged build Ben over there . weird echoed Voice ( from the stage above ? ) who love you and who do you love ? let I here it ! ahhhhhh . who love you and who do you love ? let I here it ! one more time ! buzzsaw ride with he chainsaw toward BEN laughlan push BEN clear but get CUT himself Ben laughlan ! hang on I have get you . buzzsaw lassoe and then drag BEN along behind he motorbike damon ( on stage give Leon prize ) ... there you go Leon . and the running man home game . buzzsaw be catapulted off he motorbike by BEN mexican guy ( at huge tv at junkyard ) do not worry . it 's a game . you will make more money . amber let 's get out of here , Weiss . he 's gunna find we . Weiss jackpot . amber what be you do ? Weiss ? what 's this , Weiss ? Weiss it 's the up -link interface . look out . great , hexagonal decode system , not impossible , it 's just go to take a little time . you name be amber right ? weiss type on the up - link interface and start decoding amber yeah . Weiss ok amber , I be go to need you to remember this number . we have gotta get they to mic and the resistance . amber all right , all right , I will . but then let 's go . BEN and buzzsaw wrestle with chainsaw buzzsaw I love this see . this see 's a part of I . and I be go to make it part of you ! Ben that 's all right , keep it . BEN shove chainsaw up through buizisaw groin buzzsaw ahhhh weiss read number from the up - link interface's display Weiss eighteen , twenty four . c'mon . amber eighteen , twenty four . Weiss sixty one , B. say they . say they ! amber eighteen , twenty four , sixty one , B. can we go now ? Weiss not yet . amber not yet ? what do you mean , not yet ? Weiss Seven , seventeen , seventeen , four . amber seventeen , seven , four . Weiss seventeen , seventeen , four . dynamo come to I my love . weiss be electrocuted by dynamo' electrical launcher amber noooo ! aaaaaaah . no , no . let I go ! Richards ! Ben hey light -head ! hey Christmas tree ! amber Richards ? ohhhh . dynamo render amber unconscience with electricity and chase BEN in he car dynamo yaaaah ! Ben oh shit ! dynamo ( sing in opera voice ) La , la , la , la ... Ben follow I light - bulb . dynamo ahh , get ya ! studio audience applause dynamo' car flip on it's side dynamo oh god ! oh god ! somebody help I ! oh cut , cut , go to commercial ! Jesus Christ ! I have no power ! cut ! go to commercial ! female Studio audience member kill 'im ! Ben no . I will not kill a helpless human be , not even a sadistic scum like you . Studio audience I my god ! boooo ! c'mon ! do it ! amber what happen to buzzsaw ? Ben oh , he have to split . Studio audience boo ! damon ( on stage ) hey what a incredible battle ! buzzsaw go , dynamo down , but the stalk be not over ' till the fat lady sing , and the very last criminal ... PA system ( backstage at isc ) fireball report to wardrobe at once . fireball , you be want in wardrobe . damon ( on stage ) ... and we half time show . Ben laughlan , break over . c'mon , let 's get go . laughlan I be go somewhere but not with you . buzzsaw take care of my travel arrangement . laughlan show large gash across he torso Ben oh my god . laughlan Weiss ? amber he 's dead . but he give I the code , the satellite up - link code . laughlan the underground have a broadcast centre in quadrant four . take she , take she and the code , to mic . do not let we die for nothing . listen we be count on ya , do not let we down , I do not want to be the only ass -hole in heaven , Ben . Ben he save my life . it should be I down there . tv screen in game - zone damon ( from backstage ) I get it ? ben. Ben , I gotta hand it to you pal . haha . you get the whole network in a up roar . why , they be shipping bi-carb to the justice department in crate . so that 's why this little call be just between you and I . it 's not go out on the air . listen very carefully Ben , how would you like a three year contract , guarantee , a cadre credit line and a beach - front condo ? sound impossible ? that 's the standard deal for a network stalker . and I know real talent when I see it Ben , and I would just hate to see you get cancel tonight when you could go the distance . say the word Ben , and you could be the one do the stalking . what do you think ? Ben ( hold and speak into tv camera ) you cold blooded bastard ! I will tell you what I think of it ! I live to see you eat that contract , but I hope you leave enough room for my fist because I be go to ram it into you stomach and break you god - damn spine ! BEN slam tv camera on the ground backstage at isc telephone ring Brenda damon , it 's for you . damon wh ... who ? Brenda it 's the attorney general . damon get out . everybody out . c'mon ! move ! yes ? stage Studio audience ( chant ) ... fireball ! fireball ! fireball ! fireball ! fireball !... phil and there he go ! fireball 's on he way . and dynamo 's down but not out . back to you damon . damon hey ! all right agnus . listen now , big chance for you now . win a whole lotta prize . ya know we have still get two crack stalker out there . dynamo and fireball . who do you think will make the next kill ? Mrs mcardle oh boy , that 's a tough one . damon come on give it a try . you can do it . who do you think ? Mrs mcardle okay ... I think ... the next kill will be make by ... Ben Richards . damon hold it , hold it . agnus , Richards be a runner , you have get to pick a stalker . Mrs mcardle I can pick anyone a choose , and I choose , Ben Richards . that boy 's one mean motherfucker . huge tv screen at junk yard gambler two hundred dollar on Richards . come on two hundred on Richards . two hundred dollar on Richards . come on man you gotta do it . two hundred dollar on Richards . mexican guy let 's do it ? okay , you want it , you get it . gambler hey man , what have you get ? mexican guy place you bet . place you bet , c'mon . column drawn on blackboard for ' richard ' with odd ' 100 - 1 ' game -zone Ben Network broadcast centre , my ass . I do not know what laughlan be talk about there 's nothing out here . amber my and my big mouth . we should have take the trip to Hawaii . Ben I have the shirt for it , but you fuck it up . BEN and amber spot fireball flying high in the AIR with he jetpack amber Jesus Christ ! Ben guess again . come on , keep up . amber I be run too fast , my foot can not keep up . damon ( on stage ) there we go . the number one rusher . he smell blood and nothing on Earth be gunna stop he . Ben this way . amber why here ? no I want to go that way . I think that ... Ben you be go to get we kill . fireballs fire he flame -thrower at the runners amber ahhh ! stop it ! ahhh ! Richards ! let I go ! Ben amber ! get out of here . BEN throws barrel at fireball and then tip a OPEN one full of liquid which fireball's flame -thrower ignite but fireball walk out straight through the flame Ben ( pick up a flare as he retreat ) amber ? amber Richards ? Richards ? Richards ? amber come across three decaying corpse and read there dog - tag amber ahhhhhhhh ! wittman ... price ... fireball ... hadad . amber the running man , last season winner . fireball no , last season loser . BEN pull off the tube that attaches fireball's flame -thrower to he fuel tank fireball ahh my gas light ! my gas light ! BEN light the flare and throws it at fireball Ben how ' bout a light ? fireball ahhh ! boom ! flare ignite escaping fuel and the tank on fireballs back explode Ben what a hot head . backstage at isc PA system Captain freedom to wardrobe . Captain freedom to wardrobe on the double . Captain freedom forget it killian ! I will not do it . damon it 's not a request moron , it 's a order ! Captain freedom I do not need this crap ! this stuff be garbage ! I ... I be kill guy like this ten year ago with my bare hand ! I be not go for any of this trick ! this be a sport of death and honour ! code of the gladiator ! damon cap , will you spare I the combat Zen speech ? what the hell 's the matter with you !?! can not you see what 's go on out there !?! this be not a game ! they be betting on Richards up there ! Captain freedom bullshit ! damon get out of here ! [ to sven ] get he out of here ! what 's the matter , steroid make you deaf !?! get he out of here , now ! game -zone amber now what ? Ben let 's find mic 's secret broadcast centre ... if it even exist . oh shit ! let 's try that way . gate shut around they Ben we be trap . stage phil subzero . fireball . and buzzsaw . say they name with reverend pride . they punish crime and serve the law . as patriot they die . backstage at isc tony this be what I hate . there 's act problem . Roll stock ( click ) . freeze in digital memory ( click ) . and ... damon ... activate travel map . tony , this better work pal , or you will be a digital memory . tony take it easy damon . we be load Richards ' image on to the database and when he 's mapped on to the stunt double you will never know the difference . all right boy , let 's see you dance . damon sensational . I love it ! game - zone - secret broadcast centre mic mister Richards , I be surprised you be so easy catch . welcome to the people 's network . we have be wait for you . Ben this be nice mic . but it would have be nicer if you would have get off you ass and help we out there . mic we could not . we would have be see and the government would have find this place . laughlan , Weiss , would have die for nothing . amber they do not . I have the up -link code . stage damon woo , hoo . lady and gentleman I have just get a up date on tonight 's incredible action . the runner have enter the final quadrant . phil and Captain freedom have hang up he announcer light and come out of retirement . he 's suite up and ready for the final conflict . damon let 's go there now , live to the game - zone . FOURTH quadrant - a modified wrestling ring BEN and amber fall through shoot into the ring where captain freedom snap amber' neck and impale BEN on a wall of spike stage phil yes it 's all over ! what a colossal fight ! this be a incredible moment in sport . Captain freedom out of retirement and still undefeate champion . prove once again that right and might be one of the same . game - zone - secret broadcast centre BEN turn away from tv screen Ben damn that killian ! amber what 's wrong ? you should be happy , we be officially dead . we can go anywhere , do anything . Ben no , do not you understand it . he will never let we out of here alive , they can not afford it . they will get the police , the army and hunt we down like dog , off camera of course . backstage at isc tony ok . dismantle all the overlay . put the ah ... digital map in the pixel memory storage . ya know , the damn thing work like a charm . Brenda it should . edital charge we a arm and a leg for the software . damon , you do not have to kill he ! damon it 's all part of life 's rich pattern Brenda , and you better fuckin ' get use to it . that 's the one for the award show huh ? thank you , you be do nice work . I thank you . tony , you be finally ( click ) get it . game - zone - secret broadcast centre Ben gun . you do not need gun to jam a satellite . mic I do , to keep it . the minute I steal the signal , the network will try to shunt the next one in orbit . stevie 's group be go inside to stop they now . Ben this kid ? that 's a bad move mic . they need a leader . they need someone with experience . mic I think you be look for the door . Ben I tell killian I would be back ... and I would not want to be a liar . backstage at isc damon listen up everybody . I want you to all consider yourselves pick up for the rest of the season , ok ? what , be you my people or a oil painting ? where up nine point ! come on now . [ to sven ] let 's go champ . game - zone - secret broadcast centre mic we be go to send the up -link code in twenty minute . ten second later I will go on the air . Ben we will be ready . amber if you want to make a impression , forget the speech . try this instead . mic what be it . amber it 's the original video from the bakersfield massacre , before they edit for broadcasting . Ben where do you hide that ? amber it 's none of you business . backstage isc Security guy hey , what the hell !?! game - zone - secret broadcast centre Underground tech six minute . mic begin the satellite coding sequence . load up - link code into transponder grid . shunt power to main circuit . and mister spock you have the com . Underground tech who 's mister spock ? stage damon come on let I hear it now . oh yeah . ok , I will quickly rap up the show . lady I love ya . thank you young man . hello , you on the air . female caller hi damon , my name 's Mandy . listen I have a question about dynamo . be he seriously hurt or what ? damon he 's go to be fine love . but fortunately enough you see , dynamo be still under factory warranty . backstage amber good luck . Ben you too . stage damon you be on the air . caller I feel so bad about the dead stalker . be there anyway I can send a donation to help out they family ? damon oh what a darlin ' you be . yes , gwenda . all you do be you send you cheque to the patriot fund care of this station , add the number nine , two , five ... game - zone - secret broadcast centre Underground tech ... three , two , one . that 's it . we get it ! we get that baby ! stage damon ... and that donation be tax deductable . on studio tv screen tv display " killian be lying to you ! " record of damon and who love you and who do you love ? record of audience damon ! record of damon yes ...yes ...yes ... female audience member ( in studio audience ) hey what 's go on ? record of damon we do not lie ...lie ...lie ... like we previous winner , wittman , price and hadad . you remember they , there they be and at this very moment bask in maui sun , they debt to society pay in full . the three corpse amber found be shown record of damon watch that screen . the video of the bakersfield massacre be shown over military - Radio yankee nine -niner , what 's the status of the crowd . Ben food riot in progress . approximately fifteen-hundred civilian , no weapon be evident . over military - Radio proceed with plan alpha , eliminate anything move . Ben I say the crowd be unarm ! there be lot of woman and child down there . all they want be some food for-god - sake ! over military - Radio as you be Richards . proceed with plan alpha . all rioter must be eliminate . Ben the hell with you ! I will not fire on helpless human being . backstage at isc tony where 's it come from ? Brenda the network satellite . Ben ( background sound - the bakersfield massacre ) :... abort mission . we return to base ... stevie do not touch that dial . stage on tv monitor the video of the massacre continue over police-radio ... saunder do you copy ?... detain Richards and proceed as order . helicopter personal fight passenger Richards , what the fuck be you do !?! damon lady and gentleman ! lady and gentleman , if you will please bare with we , we experience technical difficulty . Mrs mcardle bullshit ! Ben it 's show time . get the people out . come on , get the people out . the guard and stevies group begin shoot at each other corridor in isc build dynamo think it be pretty funny out there in the zone ? what 's the matter now bitch , why be not you laugh ? amber because there 's nothing funny about a dickless moron with a battery up he 's ass . dynamo ( on top of amber ) I will show you dickless . amber shoot sprinklers in ceiling which turn on and she move clear as dynamo be electrocuted dynamo ahhhhhhhh ! ohhhhh ! stage one of stevie 's soldier get out of my way ! another of stevie 's soldier get down ! down ! studio empties until only BEN and damon be left Ben ( to damon ) hello cutie-pie . one of we be in deep trouble . sven walk on to the stage damon haha . sven , do you want to talk to mister Richards ? well ? sven I get to score some steroid . sven walk off the stage damon you look piss , Ben . believe I you have get every right to be . but hey , will ya ... will you just let I explain ? this be television , that 's all it be . it 's nothing to do with people , it 's about rating . for fifty year we have tell they what do eat , what to drink , what to wear . for christ sake Ben do not you understand ? Americans love television . they ween they kid on it . listen , they love game show , they love wrestle , they love sport , and violence . so what do we do ? we give them what they want . we be number one Ben , that 's all that count . believe I , I have be in the business thirty year . Ben well I have not be in show business as long as you have killian , but I be a quick learner , and I be go to give the audience what I think they want . BEN put damon in a vacuum sled damon you bastard ! Drop dead ! Ben I do not do request . damon noooooooo ! ahhhhhhhhh ! killian sucked down vacuum sled tube and out through a cadre cola sign which explode Ben well , that hit the spot . tv audience cheer and chant " ... Richards ! Richards ! Richards !... " amber walk in , BEN and amber kiss then they walk out song played during credit sequence - " running away with you " by John parr this be no game , stand in the dark I swear I hear you call my name , and I know thing have change , no pain , no gain , somethin ' in you eye just tell I that this nightmare will end , and I have find a friend shout it from the high steeple , let it to out to all the people , you hit the right spot chorus no more lonely night , with a restless heart , Roll the dice , make a brand new start , when the world you know get shattered , you and I be all that matter , just one way I be go to lose this restless heart , running away with you you win again , I will take you in I arm and hold you ' till the fear be all go , and now the race be win shout it from the high steeple , let it to out to all the people , hey , scream it on the loudest speaker , Burning like the high fever , you hit the right spot chorus guitar solo there 's a new horizon that we have both enter , it 's out there in the distance , and it 's play at you , restless heart , run away with you you win again , I will take you in I arm and hold you ' till the fear be all go , and now the race be win shout it from the high steeple , let it to out to all the people , scream it on the loudest speaker , burn like the high fever , you hit the right spot , running away with you chorus Roll the dice , make a brand new start , running away , run away with you , running away , run away with you , restless heart voice over during credit sequence phil the running man have be bring to you by ; break -away para-military uniform , orgofura procreation pill , and cadre cola - it hit the spot ! promotional consideration pay for by ; kiltem flame - thrower , dwainsright electrical launcher , and Hammer and gauge chainsaw . damon killian 's wardrobe by Shea Zantwan - nineteenth century craftsmanship for the twenty - first century man . cadre trooper and Studio guard side arm provide by goldchester - the pistol of patriot . remember ticket for isc studio tour be always available for class a citizen in good stand . if you would like to be a contestant on the running man , send a self address , stamp envelope to isc talent hunt care of you local affiliate , and then go out and do something really despicable . I be phil Hilton . good night and take care . the running man - credit Ben Richards - Arnold schwarzenegger amber mendez - Maria conichita alonso laughlan - yaphet kott Weiss - marvin J. mcintyre mic - mic fleetwood stevie - dweezil Zappa damon killian - Richard Dawson subzero - Professor toru tanaka dynamo - erland Van lidth buzzsaw - Gus rethwisch fireball - Jim Brown Captain freedom - jesse venture