the intern by Nancy meyer January 2014 fade in : ext . prospect park —- brooklyn - a early spring morning a eclectic Group range in age from 30 to 80 gather in row perform the ancient chinese martial art of tai chi . they be lead by they young and graceful instructor . camera glide past one student to the next , as they move in sync through they meditative pose . credit begin . BEN ( v.o. ) Freud say , '' Love and work , work and love . that 's all there be . '' well , I be retire and my wife be dead . and on that , we arrive on BEN whittaker . Ben just turn seventy , a everyman in many way , but a unique man to all who know he . he exhales as he turn in sync with the other . BEN ( v.o . ) -- as you can imagine , that have give I some time on my hand . int . BEN 's house - brooklyn - night BEN , wear a suit and tie , sit in a upright chair in he comfortable brownstone , talking to camera . look like he 's on video . BEN my wife 's be go for three - and - a - half year . I miss she in every way . and retirement -- that be a ongoing , relentless effort in creativity . at first , I admit , I enjoy the novelty of it . sort of feel like I be play hooky . ext . JFK tarmac - new york CITY - day a jumbo jet lift off . BEN v.o . I use all the mile I have save and travel the globe . int . BEN 's brownstone - brooklyn - night Ben enter in a overcoat , carry he suitcase and wear a purple lei around he neck . he stand for a moment in he quiet , empty house . BEN v.o. Problem be , no matter where I go , as soon as I get home , the nowhere to be thing hit I like a ton of brick . ext . brooklyn STREET - morning rush hour - winter it 's noisy . Ben walk among the crowd , paper under he arm . BEN v.o . I realize the key to this whole deal be to keep move . get up , get out of the house and go somewhere . anywhere . int . park slope starbucks - morning crowd with folk on they way to work . Ben sit on a stool at a corner table with a bagel and the morning 's Post . BEN v.o. come rain or shine , I be at my Starbucks by 7:15 . can not explain it , but it make I feel part of something . two male execs in they 40' , ask Ben if they can share he table . Ben 's delighted , move he papers . the guy take the two remain stool , turn they away from Ben and begin a impromptu meeting -- as if Ben be not even there . int . BEN 's house - night Ben to camera . BEN how do I spend the rest of my day ? you name it . golf , movie , book , pinochle , try yoga , learn to cook , buy some plant , take class in mandarin . ( speak mandarin ) translation ? believe I , I have try everything . int . funeral home - day Ben walk the center aisle between the pews . many of he friend sit around he . he pat a back or two as he look for a empty seat . BEN v.o . and then of course , there be the funeral . so many more than I could imagine . as Ben look for a seat , a cute number about Ben 's age , patty pomerantz , smile at he , hope he ’1ll sit next to she . just then , Ben spot he friend , mile , who show he he save he a seat . Ben smile back at Patty but join mile , who shake he head at they decease friend , lie before they . Ben look at he friend , tear quickly welling in he eye . close - a OPEN suitcase on Ben 's bed . Ben place two gift wrap in toy store wrapping paper on top of he clothes , zip he bag shut . BEN ( v.0 ) the only travel I do this day be out to San Diego to visit my son and he family . a child bedroom ceiling - night the ceiling be fill with star that glisten in the dark . camera tilt down past they . BEN v.o . they be all so great , I love ‘em to piece , but to be honest , I think I have probably relied on they way more than I should . we arrive on a little girl asleep in the top bunk of a bunk - bed . as camera continue to boom down we find Ben wide awake in the bottom bunk under dora the explorer sheet . BEN ( v.0 ) do not get I wrong . I be not a unhappy person . quite the contrary . I just know there 's a hole in my life and I need to fill it . Ben turn toward camera , turn out a small lamp and the screen go black . BEN ( v.o. ) soon. ext . market - brooklyn - day Ben exit carry grocery , just about pass by the market 's colorful bulletin board . BEN ( v.o. ) which bring I to this morning , when I be leave Trader Joe 's and catch you flyer out of the corner of my eye . camera whip to a flyer -- senior internship program at clothesthatfit.com. over Ben 's v.o. read : senior - bean intern we need you experience and we all teach you what we know ! apply topay ! on BEN . amuse and intrigue . as he reach for the flyer -- patty ( 0.s. ) I think that be you ! Ben turn to find Patty , the woman from the funeral . patty ( cont would ) what have you find ? ( read for herself ) senior internship Program at ... how do you pronounce this ? I hate when they do not put space between the word . BEN clothesthatfit.com . I think a internet place be look for senior intern . be I read that right ? patty lemme see . ( skim the Flyer ) you have to be over 65 , have organizational skill , genuine interest in e-commerce , whatever that be , and a roll up you sleeve attitude . well , that 's you to at , kid . BEN clothesthatfit ... be that the outfit that take over the -- patty yeah , I think they buy one of the factory on Front Street . my daughter tell I they sell clothes on the web . how that work , I have no idea . Ben tear off the Flyer , then seem throw . BEN oh . you have to upload the application . that could be challenging . listen to this . ( read ) cover letter be so old fashioned . ( they both react , Ben continue read ) so show we who you be with a cover letter video . ( Patty 's confuse , Ben read ) upload you video to youtube or vimeo use .mov , .avi or a .mpg file . we look forward to meeting you . ( amused ) okay . I guess that 's meeting I . patty I swear , I do not even know what language that be . what be you doin’ tonight Ben ? ( peek in he grocery bag ) frozen lasagne ... I could make a little salad and turn that into dinner for two . ( confidentially ) like we do that time but never do again . that be five month ago , you know . BEN ( sweetly ) be it ? yeah , no , we should do that again for sure but okay by you if I take a rain check ? patty you be cute you know that ? BEN no , I do not ... Ben bend down to kiss Patty on the cheek . she take he face and kiss he on the lip . patty do not wait too long , doll . we be not gettin’ any young . int . BEN 's kitchen - that night Ben wash he dinner plate , put it in the empty dish rack . then wash a single glass , put that in the dish rack . 1 a.m. - BEN can ’t sleep he stare at the ceiling , then impulsively toss off the cover . a motorized tie rack swing into action . Ben decisively select a tie . in the bathroom , now wear a crisp suit and tie , Ben comb he hair . look at himself , know what he have to do . BEN ( v.o. ) so -- here I be ... int . ben' live room - night a old model camcorder be perch on a table , it 's red record light on . camera circle behind the camcorder until it find what it 's shoot -- BEN , in he suit and tie . BEN -- apply to be one of you intern because the more I think about this idea , the more tremendous I think it be . I have a ton of knowledge I can share . Love the idea of have a place I can go every day . I want the connection , the excitement , I want to be challenge and I guess I might even want to be need . the tech stuff might take a bit to figure out , I have to call my nine year old grandson just to find out what a usb connector be ... but I 'il get there . eager to learn . also , want you to know , I have be a company man all my life . I be loyal , I be trustworthy and I be good ina crisis . I read once , musician do not retire . they stop when there 's no more music in they . well , I still have music in I . absolutely positive about that . int . the fantastic office of clothesthatfit.com - day a former factory retrofitted as a enormous bullpen . it 's a football field of cubicle buzzing like a trading floor . some have describe it as organize chaos -- it 's a young company grow at hyper-speed . the surroundings be not fancy but there 's a coolness factor here that can not be deny . it 's a start up that 's take off . everyone work here be either young or really young . cute , fashion -y woman and sweatshirt - clad engineer . camera quickly move past cubicle , entering the very swamp customer service area , where 25 Young Men and woman wear headsets and chat to they customer . as we pass by , we hear : " good news , I find a size 8 in navy ! " '' you be right , it should have arrive by now , let I track that for you . '' '' yep , this pants be awesome if you have hip . Super slimming . '' '' yes , we be call clothes that fit and I be very sorry the dress do not fit ... Sir . " we arrive at the last cubicle where jule ostin be mid-call . Jules have be '' lean in '' since pre-school -- hard - wire to be something , to do something . she pride herself in not want to be stereotype . her strongest attribute be she very big brain , which unfortunately for that around she , never shut down . ever . jule ( into headset ) okay , let I just review this with you . you have six bridesmaid and you buy six of the silk chiffon antoinette dress , in pink . the wedding be in three day and the dress arrive this morning -- all in charcoal gray . ( a co-worker overhear , mouth agape ) -- which we do not even sell , so that 's a bit of a mystery . Rachel , please do not cry , you have to look fresh for you wedding . really , let I cry ' cause this be entirely we fault . so , okay , here 's what we be go to do . I be go to call the vendor and get this fix today , I will personally see the dress myself before they be fed exed and they will be at you front door by 10 a.m. on Friday . let I give you my cell just in case ... ready ? 917-582-4848 . ( other around she take note of this ) okay ? -- well , you be start to sound a little better already . thank you so much for you patience . oh ! I be also go to refund you back 50 % on each dress . it 's the least we can do . no -- thank you ! so check this one off you list , this be do ! and Rachel , have a great wedding ! ( hang up ) ohmygod , how do that happen ? Jules look up and see she perennially overwrought young assistant , becky -- just out of college and a little nervous around Jules . Becky be a incredibly hard worker but unfortunately have no ability to prioritize or organize . jule ( cont would ) ( rise ) I know , I be late for something . becky yeah . everything . jule but you see why I take customer service call ? this be so good . learn so much . what 's up ? what 's go on ? as Becky read from a Post - it , Jules climb onto a nearby bike , start to pedal through the office . Becky try to keep up , talk fast . becky okay . candice be wait for you but have another meeting , she say she will be back at two . you 11:00 be in the conference room , so be you 11:10 , finance need you and I guess you e-mail a bunch of people at 4 a.m. about something ? jule -- oh , good ! I forget about that . I want to figure out a way for girlfriend to shop together on line ... make it less of a alone thing . e-mail I that idea , will ya ? becky yeah , I like that . ( write quickly , take out phone ) be now a good time to call you mother back ? jule ( what ? ) dude , I be on a bike ... a small Group sing happy birthday to a co-worker . they hope Jules will stop by but she just wave instead as she pedal past . Jules pass by a empty cubicle which everyone use to store they crap . it 's fill with file , shoe box , hanger , computer cord . a eye sore . Jules squint at the mess as she ride by . jule land in her chair - at her desk near the front of the room . on she desk be a ridiculous stack of work , a computer with two monitor , a laptop and a sign that say '' focus '' . jule ( cont would ) ( without look up ) Becky ... ( Becky arrive out of breath . ) can you patch I in . you okay ? Becky nod , hit a few key on she phone , nod to Jules . jule ( cont would ) ( pick up she phone , then over the p.a. ) I need creative and marketing ... and the buy and merchandize team for the silk chiffon antoinette dress . oh! also ... just do some customer service call - we get a great review from a customer in Michigan who say ( pull a note out of she pocket , read ) -- open we box be like give a gift to herself . think that be cool . a wave start across the office , and as it reach Jules , she do a half - ass version and be off to the Conference room . int . ctf lobby - same time a couple of White leather sofas , ipad on security cord sit on a coffee table . huge ctf photo on the wall . Lady gaga play in the b.g . Ben , in a suit and tie , take in he surroundings as he approach the 21 - year - old jeans and tank top wear receptionist who 's eat a taco . behind she , a huge flat screen run behind - the-scene footage of a photo shoot . BEN hi , I be Ben whittaker . I receive a e-mail about a interview for the senior intern Program . ( kind of laugh at the idea ) receptionist hey Ben , how 's it goin 's ? 10 . BEN it 's goin 's good . Real good . thank you . receptionist excellent . take a seat right around the corner and someone from talent Acquisition will come get you . Ben thanks she , head around the corner mumble , '' talent Acquisition '' and see a dozen older folk wait for interview . it look like a Doctor 's wait room . Ben take a seat among they . int . conference room - upstair - same time a long white table and white chair . Jules and a group of co - worker stand , crowd around a computer . one of the girl in the group , hold a small dog . jule guy , you have to remember , the home page have to read in a glance . ( back 4 foot away ) also , none of you be over thirty so you need to get back like this to see what this look like if you be like over 35 . ( squint ) okay , so I can not see anything , but if I could see it , what do you want I to read ? ( read ) nine girl one shirt or check out the fit . robby , mid-twenty , jeans , T-shirt . robby both . but I really want you to see the shirt wear by nine different body type . jule okay , then you gotta make I see that . try make the photo grid bigger and the type smaller . ( the photo grid enlarges ) oh ! Love that one of they 's pregnant . zoe - cute , 30 , asian and pregnant . zoe thanks . 11 . jule it would be good if you could put the girl in the red shirt in the middle ? it 's a great red . it 's gonna fly outta here . robby we really do not have the time , Jules . I need you to sign off on this two hour ago . jule I know , but can you try ? robby and Zoe exchange a look as a tech kid work quickly . jule ( cont would ) Mia , tell I that thing again . mia , stripe tee , bold glass , type on she laptop . mia forty -six percent of we visitor do not go past the home page . jule man , we have to fix that . how long do we have they for before they leave ? mia Seven to nine second . jule ( totally focus on that remark manage to say ) do we order lunch ? zoe ( yell ) Becky ! the techie spin he laptop around , show the new Home page to Jules . jule I love it . techie ( hit a few key ) and it 's up . jule thank you ! ( turn to another group at the table ) ( more ) 12 . jule ( cont would ) okay , the antoinette dress . Major screw up by the vendor . downstair -- a tiny 22 year old - keira in a short sundress , converse , purple braid hair , walk Ben into she SMALL office . keira there 's go to be a couple of interview today , Ben . we want to make sure both of we find the right fit . Business as usual be not really we motto so hope you have some fun here . Ben nod , take a seat in a hot pink chair across from keira who sit cross -legge on a sofa . keira ( cont would ) this be the first time we be hire senior intern . we team manager think it would be a important interface with the community so we intern question might not exactly fit you profile , but , we be gonna go for it anyway , okay ? BEN Fire away . keira okay . good . where have you go to school ? BEN I go to Northwestern . keira hey , my brother go to Northwestern ! BEN probably not at the same time . keira probably not . he graduate in 2009 . BEN -- class of ' 65 . keira whoa . what be you major ? do you remember ? BEN be interviewed 13 . by a more senior exec . samantha be 25 . samantha and after Northwestern you go on to ..? BEN I go to work for dex one . became the vice President of print publishing . samantha okay , and they make ..? BEN phone book . ( samantha go a bit blank ) I be in charge of oversee the printing of the physical phone book . I do that for the last 20 year and before that , I be they vp of sale and advertise . samantha of the phone book thing ? ( Ben nod ) so do they still make phone book ? I mean , do not everyone just Google number ? BEN -- I believe they do . but before google , it be how you ... samantha no , yeah , I get it . interviewer # 3 - justin sweet face , wish he could grow a beard , read from a iPad . justin -- so , 40 year at the phone book company . that 's amazing . seriously . so , Benjamin , this be one of we more tell question for all of we intern , so I want you to think about this one . take you time -- where do you see yourself in 10 year ? BEN ( amused ) when I be 80 ? 14 . justin sure . whatever . ( check application in front of he ) wow . do not realize you be 70 . that 's just not a good question for you . should we just scratch that one and not --? BEN you call , Justin . justin thanks . okay . it 's go . ( then ) you look great by the way . and you be clearly more than qualified for the job . you be super over qualified . what can I say -- great video , great interview -- Ben , you be in it to win it ! you get it , man . congrat . you be a intern . int . jules' cubicle - later that day Jules be behind she desk , talk to eli from the tech team . several other tech guy stand behind he , all look weary . jule so you be say by speed up check out .... eli -- eighty percent of the address in the last 24 hour get screw up . jule oh , God ... ( Zoe pass by ) Zoe , how 's that red shirt do ? zoe sold out . we just order two hundred more . jule see if you can cancel that . just say '' sold out '' . ( Zoe look confuse ) it 's more exciting . becky Jules , the photo Studio really really need you . 15 . jule ( rise , then to eli ) two really 's . I gotta go . eli Jules , we need to deal with this . jule I know . okay , just go back to the way it be but then can you do a deep dive on this ? we have to eliminate a button . think one click at amazon . we need we version of that . gotta make it faster . candice cook , the number two person at ctf join Jules . candice I need you for two minute -- uninterrupted . candice be the ying to Jules 's Yang . she come to ctf via ebay and to ebay via Harvard . candice be the accessible , straight - forward , go - to - person for everyone at the company . Jules , wash she hand with purell , join candice . candice open she palm and Jules squirt some purell in as they zig zag around desk . candice ( cont would ) remember when we talk a few week ago about the senior intern Program ? jule ( read she phone ) no ... candice seriously ? we have a big conversation about it . jule we do ? remind I . senior in high school or in college ? candice senior in life . older people . jule ( look up ) hold on . what ? candice I tell you I feel we need to do a outreach program . you seem to ( more ) 16 . candice ( cont would ) be like the idea so I put it in motion . it 's gonna be great . jule hold please . you be hire senior citizen intern ? what do that even mean ? candice there 's be a ton of research on this . the result be , without fail , fantastic . imagine a intern with a lifetime of experience as oppose to someone who have spend the last four year of they life play beer pong . jule do they eventually want job here ? candice no , they be all retire . they just want the experience . and I want one to work directly with you . jule candice , c’mon . first of all , I be not great with older people ... you know how I be with my parent . why do I have to have one ? candice because you have to set the tone . jule be not that you job ? it 's my job to make it you job . you be the founder , everyone look to you . now , would you prefer a man or a woman ? there 's a great 70 year old woman . jule that 's like the same age as my mother . that 's too weird . candice Fine . there 's a man everyone love . I see he video . he seem amazing . they arrive at the photo studio where all the photo for the site be take . model , rack of clothes , hair dresser and make - up artist swarm about . as Jules join the commotion ... 17 . jule this be not go to work in my opinion , but how long do I have to do it for ? minimum . candice ( take off ) six week or we will be sue . jule I know we never talk about this . candice yeah , we do . he start tomorrow ! int . BEN 's bedroom - that night Ben , excited for he first day of work , sit in he pj 's , on the side of he bed , set he alarm . he then set a back up alarm on another clock , place the two clock next to one another . Ben cross to he dresser and review he wardrobe selection for tomorrow . hanging on the knob of the dresser be he suit , shirt , tie . Ben open a new shoe box , dig through the tissue , check to make sure they be both the same size . satisfied , he head for bed ... BEN back in action . thank God . int ctf office - the next morning - jay Z plays over various angle : row of Young employee at they computer , wear headsets . huge flat screen flash image of model . Young face - everywhere . we be see all this detail through BEN 's eye as he take a tour of the office . jason , tall , off -beat-cute , mid-twenty lead four new intern through the massive space . the New intern be : Ben , doris , early 70' , 4'11 '' , victor , Black , professorial - look and a new Young intern -- davis , in he twenty and thrilled to be here . jason -- so , intern , all of ctf , be on this one floor and that 's because we be all about communication and teamwork . everyone work in cube . no one have a office , not even we founder and ceo , Jules ostin . who be actually right over there . 18. Jason point across the office to Jules sit stationary on she bike , talk on she iphone . jason ( cont would ) she love to ride she bike through the office . that woman do not like to waste time plus she count it as exercise . doris that 's adorable . jason ( bite he tongue ) yes it be . Ben look over at Jules just as she notice the senior intern and just as quickly turn away from they . davis ( to Ben ) how ya doin 's ? ( extend he hand ) I be Davis . BEN ( shake he hand ) hey Davis . Ben whittaker . excite place , huh ? davis oh my God , they have one open for a regular age intern -- no offense , and I get it . I be so psyched . BEN I be pretty psyched myself . some of the Young employee pass by , check out we group . jason New intern . ( the kid laugh ) hey , gray be the new green . ( walk backwards ) a few word about Jules . no , wait , I ’1ll let she talk for herself . Jason point a remote at a flat screen . a video begin feature Jules in the ctf office . jule I be Jules ostin and I start clothesthatfit in 2011 after I work for another on - line shopping site and could not help but notice that almost 50 % of all dress and ( more ) the word language 19 . jule ( cont would ) pants be return with one common comment . it do not fit ! I read the word '' it do not fit '' in at least 15 different language . '' it do not fit " pop on the screen in 15 different -- all handwritten . jule ( cont would ) it 's pretty impossible to know from a photo if something 's right for you , especially when the model be all 5’10 and 100 pound ... ( a photo of a tall , slinky model pop up with a X over she ) so I start ctf to let woman know how something 's really go to fit before you buy it . buying clothes on - line should be about more than make the return easy -- it should be all about be thrilled with you purchase . a photo of jule sitting at her kitchen table in front of she laptop , surround by rack of clothes . jule ( cont would ) I start ctf in my kitchen eighteen month ago . it be just I , a model and a photographer , we be all woman and we try on everything we sell . ( quick photo of all 3 try on clothes , then sit at computer ) then we describe the fit to save you the hassle . we see what they 've typed : '' get boob ? this dress be for you ! '' '' snug fit but super - cool ! '' '' this dress fit everyone ! we all just buy one ! '' jule ( cont would ) we call it human curation , then we mix that with technology and four month later we be launch and now we have 250 people work with we here in Brooklyn and we be still grow ! BEN ( to himself ) wow ... 20 . jason ( click off the video ) okay , a quick who 's who around here . davis so , Ben , you gonna wear a suit everyday ? BEN you bet . davis like that confidence . plus you get the gangsta thing goin’ . very cool . jason ( continue the tour ) -- this 3 row be we Marketing team , they do everything from on - line marketing to Google search engine optimizaton , follow by Creative - they work on how the site look and feel then we merchandiser , copy and copy editing ... doris ( to Victor ) -- so far , I have understand nothing . jason and this four row be we resident rock star -- ( row of exhaust geek ) we tech team . they keep we up and run 24 / 7 ' cause that be we store hour . and this corner of prime real estate be the illustrious intern team . guy , meet the new intern . six or so scruffy , overworked , very young intern in dopey T - shirt stop what they be do and look at the new , well dress intern . neither get the group they be about to become part of . Ben shake hand with the intern close to he and that begin everyone shaking hand . jason ( cont would ) okay , very nice . last thing . we perk . we have a free lunch every day , a in -house massage therapist and a world class gym one floor below . New intern , grab a desk , check you e-mail , you may find you have be assign to one particular person or one team or you may just be a floater . it 's ( more ) 21 . jason ( cont would ) all good . and remember , with great power , come great responsibility and that 's why we love be intern . Davis sit at a desk , take out he iphone , a iPad mini , a flash drive , open up he computer Ben find a empty desk , sit at it and although the atmosphere be foreign , he take enormous pleasure in once again , sit behind a desk . Ben open he well wear briefcase , take out a new Pen and pencil set , a small leather - bound pad , a flip phone , a travel clock . lewis , a scrawny sleepy - look intern with big hair , sit across from Ben -- watch he . Ben take out he lucky pocket calculator , then a eyeglass case , then another eyeglass case . he slip on he bifocal , raise he neck and look down at the ctf screen saver . Ben stare at the keyboard , not sure what to do when he become aware he 's be watch . he look over , see Lewis eyeing he . Lewis decide to help he out by show he to hit the space bar on he key board . BEN follow , hit he space bar . the computer turn on and a lot of icon pop up that do not look familiar . Lewis help out again by move he mouse to the mail icon , click . Ben catch on and do the same . BEN oh . get one . a e-mail - from candice cook - subject : welcome BEN ! congratulation . you be internship will be directly with we founder , Jules ostin . Becky Scott will contact you with a time to meet Jules . look forward to meeting you ! just as Ben compute this he hear : doris I be in the photo Studio ! victor Business Analytics . perfect . davis floater . Love !!! all eye turn to Ben . BEN look like I be a personal intern . 22 . jason Nice . to ...? BEN Jules ... ostin . lewis ( shake he head , then to himself ) unfortunate . Jason cross to Ben , lean over , hug he , go back to he desk . ping . Ben get another email . hi Ben . I have secure a appointment for you to meet Jules ostin today at 3:55 pm . please be prompt as Jules have another meeting at 4 pm . thanks ! Becky Scott . BEN react to that . a five minute meeting . wow . davis ( rise ) goin 's to merchandise . BEN beautiful . Davis offer Ben he fist . Ben pound it . awkwardly . Ben notice a Young woman have come to get doris . Ben glance around the office , no one be idle . he spot Jules in she Conference room talk to a large group . Ben 's eye go to he clock . it 's 10:02 . it 's a long time ' till 3:55 . as camera pull up and away , we see everyone on the floor be busy while Ben wait patiently to meet the boss . close - becky - 3:54 p.m. Becky 's desk be overload with work , she half eat lunch still sit on she desk . becky ( frazzle , into headset ) - I will try to have she there at five . oh , wait , I book she with a vendor at 4:45 . let I work on this . ( take a advil , choke on it ) call you back . ( look up to Ben ) yes ? hello. 23 . BEN hi. I be ben. ( do not ring a bell ) whittaker . I have a 3:55 appointment with miss ostin . becky ( scan computer ) 3:55 ? I think she be meeting with she new intern . BEN that 's I . ( Becky turn to he ) how ya doin 's ? becky I be sorry , but how be you a intern ? BEN it 's a senior intern Program . just start today . becky oh my God . how 's that go to work ? ( whisper ) how old be you ? BEN seventy . you ? becky twenty four . I know I look older . it 's the job . it age you , which will not be great in you case . sorry . BEN I actually think you look young . becky yeah , right . BEN any tip before I go in ? becky -- just talk fast , she hate slow talker . or maybe that 's just when I talk slow . just do not dawdle , in any way . keep it move and do not forget to blink . ( Ben react . blink ? ) she hate when people do not blink . it weird she out . it 's 3:57 , this ( more ) 24 . becky ( cont would ) meeting she 's in just eat up 2 of you five -- the Conference room door open and Ben watch a group exit . becky ( cont would ) you be up ! go! int . conference room Jules be type on she laptop , she hair throw up in a pony tail . Ben arrive in the doorway , wait for she to acknowledge he . she do not . BEN hi Jules ... I be ben. ( Jules look up ) you new '' intern '' . jule I be glad you also see the humor in this . BEN be hard not to . ( blink ! ) jule so , Ben I be go to say what 's a nice guy like you do in a place like this but candice give I the drill so can I just be honest with you ? BEN please . jule I be not go to have a lot for you to do . ( Ben 's surprised ) that 's the truth . and , you be assign to I be kind of just for I to , you know , set a example for the rest of the team . if you ask I , I think you have probably be much better off work in creative or marketing . it 's a little slower pace . maybe a little easier to grasp . if you request a transfer , we could make that happen . okay ? BEN if that 's what you prefer . 25 . jule you will be happier , believe I . I be not so fun to work for . BEN that 's what I gather . ( Jules look up ) but I can get along with anybody and I be here to learn about you world , be of help where I can so ... jule -- you be say you do not want to be transfer ? BEN not really , sir. ( mortify ) Excuse I . terribly sorry . ( big blink ) jule ( kind of laugh ) it 's not like that 's the first time that 's happen . okay then . well , look like you be stick with I . ( return to she laptop ) BEN great . I be excited . his smile and enthusiasm throw Jules . jule I ’1l1 e-mail you when I have something for you to do . BEN or I could just stop by a few time a day , check in . jule I all e-mail you . and do not think you need to dress up , we be super informal here . BEN I be comfortable in a suit , so if it 's okay . jule no , sure , it 's fine . Old school . BEN exactly . at least I ’1ll stand out . 26 . jule I do not think you will need a suit to do that . BEN true . well , I think we do it in under two minute . i’1l wait to hear from you . ( cross to the door ) would you like the door open or close ? jule do not matter . Ben exit , close the door behind he . jule ( cont would ) open. actually . Ben open it back up , slip a last look at Jules . jule ( cont 'd ) ( cont have ) you will get use to I . BEN look forward to it . int . BEN '’s bathroom - that night Ben , in he pj 's , stand in front of the mirror and dump out all the pill in the '' Monday '' compartment of he 7 Day pill organizer . he catch he reflection and practice blink . int . ctf office - the next morning Ben sit at he desk , read the Times . everyone around he be crazy - busy . the tech - talk be so intense , Ben literally can not understand a word of it . Jason pass , speed type on he phone . jason Ben ! you good ? BEN ( give ok sign ) perf . Jason laugh . Ben check he e-mail . do not have any . 27 . a row of vending machine Ben be try to figure out where to put he money in the eco - friendly interactive vend machine . a Young guy come along , tap on the panel , take out a apple . guy it 's free . Ben try touch the screen . nothing happen . tries again . in the afternoon Ben be at he computer , get familiar with the ctf site . he look over he bifocal and see the elevator door close with Jules inside . he roll he chair back , look out the window and see a driver stand next to a suv , stomp out a cigarette . Jules exit the build and head toward the car . seven p.m. the office be empty for the night . Davis , slip on he jacket , head out . davis you be stay ? BEN ( indicate Jules at she desk ) can not leave before the boss leave , Davis . Davis give Ben a gangsta handshake that Ben stumble through . davis we will work on that . Ben click on he e-mail one last time . still nothing . int . BEN 's house - the next a.m. Ben 's two alarm clock go off within a second of one another . we find Ben sit in a chair , fully dress , ready to go . BEN ( rise ) let 's make it happen ! int . office - the next morning kiko , the one Young female intern , pull a huge dolly stack with ream of printer paper down a row of cubicle . she 's deliver the paper to each desk . guy in the office scoot 28 . past she as she lug the dolly forward , Ben arrive to help , push the dolly for she . BEN ( cont have ) I ' 1l push , you deliver . kiko thank you !!! jule - on the phone at her desk notice Ben push the dolly as he and kiko quickly deliver the paper . she also notice Ben be get smile and thanks from many of the Young woman he pass . later - at davis 's desk Ben and Davis look at data on Davis 's screen . BEN okay , so they want to know what customer buy who do not come back - so they can spot the problem , if there be one , right ? davis yeah , but I do not get how to ... BEN -- alright , here 's how I think we should do this . jason ( join they ) -- okay , Ben , here she come , watch how she will not ... ( Becky head in they direction ) -- hey , beck , what 's up ? you look really nice tod -- Becky walk right past , ignore he . Jason turn to Ben . jason ( cont 'd ) ( cont have ) how long can a woman be mad at you for ? BEN kind of depend on what you do . jason first of all , nothing on purpose . we be go out for a minute , she be cool ... I really like she ... ( confidentially ) -- then I ... like sort of have sex ( more ) 29 . jason ( cont would ) with she roommate . ( Ben wince ) I have no idea she be she roommate . met she out . how would I know ? Ben notice a striking woman , late fifty or sixty , crossing through the office . she have a natural look , soft clothes , soft hair , and a warm comfortable confidence . jason ( cont 'd ) ( cont have ) Ben , you have a lot of experience , how long will she be mad at I for ? davis jay , I have zero experience and I can tell you there 's no come back from this one . BEN I assume you have talk to she , apologize , tell she what she mean to you . ( Jason stall ... ) you do not talk to she ? what do you do ? send she a tweet ? jason no . of course not . I texted she , like a billion time , she do not answer , then I e-mail she , but you know , like a nice e-mail , a long one . ( Ben look at Jason over he bifocal . that 's all it take ) I should probably just actually speak to she . ( to himself ) obviously . BEN can not imagine it would hurt . Jason nervously nod , pat Ben on the back . Ben try to find the pretty woman again , but she 's nowhere to be find . later - jule and candice cross through the office jule do yesterday 's number come in ? candice look through a stack of papers she 's hold as Jules wash she hand with purell . Jules squint across the room spotting BEN pitching with a Young copy writer . she type as he talk . 30 . jule ( cont would ) my intern sure keep busy . candice Mr. congeniality . Big hit . everyone love he . Jules wash she hand again with purell . candice ( cont would ) you just do that . you be go to wash the skin off you hand . candice hand Jules a print out as Jules pause at the cubicle that 's be turn into the community junk pile . it so clearly annoys she , and to make thing worse , someone drop a case of water on the chair . jule okay ? seriously ? later - BEN take a seat in he cubicle click on he e-mail , lean forward - shocked . he actually have one . subject -- need you ! becky's desk Ben await he order . as always , Becky be on she headset , overwhelm , juggling a zillion thing . becky ( to Ben ) -- Jules spill soy sauce on she stella McCartney jacket , can you take it to the photo studio , they have all kind of cleaner and stuff in there . BEN sure . where 's the jacket ? becky ( duh ? ) she 's wear it ! ( Ben hesitates ) go in and get it ! ( into headset ) I be sorry . you need the proofs back by when ? 31 . int . conference room candice and Jules be clearly in the middle of something important . leftover sushi sit between they . jule wow . I do not see this come . but I should have .... they want I to bring in a ceo ? why ? because they think I be ... what ? too inexperienced at run a business ... ( candice almost nod ) do not go to Harvard ...? ( candice try not to nod ) my work habit be not by the book ..? I mean , be not that how we get here ? really ? I need adult supervision ? Jesus , I be the oldest one in the whole office ! how do you feel about this ? tell I the truth . candice I think it 's worth explore . jule why ? could we be do better ? we hit we five year goal in nine month . candice exactly . Jules , we can not keep up with we own success . you know that . you be a hour late to every meeting . we have a name for it . Jules Standard time . and I get it , there 's just so many hour in the day . we be all play catch -up . we tech guy be work ' till two , three in the morning . customer service be swamp . we be run out of inventory . we have shipping issue , programming problem . and the bigger we get , the more complicated it 's gonna get . and honestly , you time can be better spend than worry about so much minutia . how much time do we spend last week set up the L.A. warehouse ? and because you be do that , we never meet all week with engineering ... jule be not this what a start up be ? ( see candice be about to say something ) ( more ) 32 . jule ( cont would ) -- what ? say it . what 's everyone worried about ? candice that it 's all go so fast , it can get away from we . the VC 's think a seasoned ceo will take thing off you plate -- that 's all -- free you up to do what you do great . you come up with the idea and let someone else make the train run on time . ( Jules hate this ) they be not only we investor , Jules , they be we partner -- they do want what 's best for we . they want we to make it . jule but candice , that new person be go to run thing they way . technically be my boss . how can I do what I do and have to report to someone else , run every idea I have by this person ? can you see that work ? candice gilt groupe bring in a ceo , how be they do ? jule I know , but , for I this be ... I mean get I ceo lesson , but do not ... ( she eye fill up with tear ) BEN o.s. -- Excuse I . candice and Jules turn to see Ben stand in the doorway . Jules quickly recover . BEN I apologize but Becky say you need something take care of ... on you jacket ... jule oh , right -- keeping she face turn away , Jules take off she jacket , slide it down the table , then quickly dab at she eye . Ben catch the jacket , pretend not to see she tear . 33 . candice thanks Ben . ( Ben nod , exit ) the VC 's make up a list of potential ceo 's . let 's look at the list , explore it , then decide . baby step . Jules struggle with how to respond . becky 's desk Ben pass by with Jules 's jacket . Becky stop type . becky something big go on in there ? BEN I could not say . becky you be in there a long time . BEN ( touch he leave ear ) I can not hear a thing . Becky do not believe he . he do not give . she return to she type . Ben spot Jason nearby mouth : '' say something about I to she !!! " Ben gesture he should come over himself . Becky look up . Ben cover . Becky wonder why Ben be still hang around . BEN ( cont have ) on my way , boss . int . office - end of the day as Ben pack up he briefcase , he notice Jules sit alone in the Conference room . she wipe the corner of she eye , turn she back to the room . lewis hey ben. Ben ? ( Ben turn ) how old 's that briefcase ? Ben look down at he well wear , very love briefcase . BEN it 's a 1973 dunhill London two buckle . they do not make this one anymore . 34 . lewis ( eyeing it ) I be a little in love with it . BEN it 's a classic , Lewis . unbeatable . Ben turn he attention back to Jules and see she leave the conference room , wear she sunglass . she head for the elevator , clearly in a funk . Ben take this in , snap he briefcase shut . ext . ctf - the following morning - establishing int . office Jules make she way through the office , still in she sunglass , carry she iPad , hold a Starbucks . as she pass the desk usually pile high with everyone 's crap she stop short . it be now a clean up perfectly empty cube . that around she watch she react . jule okay , this be thrill . a few people nearby laugh . Jules take off she sunglass . jule ( cont would ) I swear I be go stay late and do this myself . ali Ben come in at 7 this morning and do it . jule who ? a few other look up . she do not know he ? ali Ben . you intern . Jules crane she neck to find Ben , do not even know where to look . candice watch from she desk and hit the p.a . candice ( over the p.a. ) Ben whittaker ! wide - a sea of cubicle BEN 's head rise out of he cube , wonder what 's up . 35 . jule ( spot he - point to the clean cubicle ) brilliant ! thank you ! best thing that 's happen around here all week . Ben raise two finger to he forehead , salute she from across the room . the entire office applaud . moment later Ben be on - line at he desk when a lovely pair of hand begin massage he shoulder . woman o.s. this be you gift for a job well do . Ben turn , look up and there she be -- the beautiful woman he spot day ago , across the room . she speak with a English accent and smell like lavender . she rub he shoulder . woman I be Fiona -- the house masseuse . this feel okay ? BEN feel great actually . thank you . fiona you be a bit tight , Ben . BEN have not sit at a desk for a while . my body 's not use to it . fiona I get it , plus they say '' sit '' be the new smoking . let I see what I can do . Ben inhale deeply as she massage he . feel good . Lewis and Davis smile to one another . Ben 's a happy guy . fiona ( cont would ) I spot you the other day , in the lunch room . ( Ben can not believe that ) then someone tell I you be a intern . so clever of you to do this . 36 . BEN it 's a brave new world . think I have jump in , see what it 's all about . fiona ( pull up a chair , reach under Ben 's jacket ) absolutely . I be constantly amaze at what they do here . Love be part of it . as Fiona slide she hand down Ben 's back and toward he bum , Ben 's eye go wide . Davis and Lewis sit on either side of ben. Lewis 's eye widen , then he indicate Ben 's crotch . Davis check it out . whoa. Big Ben . he definitely have a erection . fiona ( cont would ) feeling better ? BEN ( barely able to speak ) much . Davis toss a newspaper on Ben 's lap . davis here you go . Ben nod appreciatively , nervously spread out the paper . Fiona straighten out Ben 's jacket , a final rub on the shoulder . fiona great to meet you . Love that there 's another oldie but goodie here . ( hand he she card ) see you again ? BEN Love to . and with a final pat on Ben 's shoulder , she 's off . Ben watch she go , then put a fist out on either side and both boy pound he . BEN , davis and lewis walking thru the office - later the boy be return from lunch . lewis so , wait , you be say you shave every day of you life -- even on Sunday and even if you know you be ( more ) 37 . lewis ( cont would ) not go to see anyone you know ... ( Ben roll he eye ) davis ( read he iphone ) how be this possible ? I be on cheapapartments.com and I literally can not afford a single apartment in all of Brooklyn . ( scan the site ) my parent give I two week to find a place and that be just not go to happen . BEN get evict ? davis hey , I be in no rush but apparently they be . something catch Ben 's attention out the window . he move closer , see jules' driver , tuck in a alley , drink from a paper bag then stashing the bottle in he pocket . he seem to have a slight balance problem when he try to answer he cell . Ben turn , look for jule - sees she slip on she jacket . ext . build the Driver , mike , stand by the suv , pop a couple of chiclet in he mouth . Ben approach , a bit out of breath . BEN hey , how 's it goin 's ? Mike , right ? mike yeah . BEN I be Ben , I work for Jules . mike ( not much eye contact ) she will be down in a minute . BEN I know , look , I do not want to make you uncomfortable but I just happen to have look out the window and it appear you be drink something from a bag , so -- 38 . mike ( head for the car ) I do not know what you be talk about pop . BEN ( see Jules head out ) why do not you tell Jules you can not drive she today or I be gonna have to . Jules arrive , see Mike and Ben . jule ( to Mike ) we all good ? mike yeah . Mike open the rear passenger door , Jules get in . as Mike be about to close the door , he look up , see Ben have move closer . mike ( cont would ) -- Jules ... ( she look up at he ) sorry to do this , but I be actually not feelin’ so hot -- not sure I should be drive . would not want to give you anything . jule oh , sure , yeah . no , take the day off and feel better , okay ? Mike thanks Jules and exit . Jules immediately wash she hand with purell , check she watch . BEN ( 0.s. ) I be happy to cover for Mike .. jule ( Jules look up , see Ben at the open door , hold the car key ) that 's okay , Becky can drive I . BEN really ? you want to give she more to do ? int . suv - moving - day Ben be now behind the wheel . 39 . jule ( type on she iPad ) hope you do not mind if I do not get in the front . not try to be rude but I think better in the back . I mean , I could get in the front but ... BEN ( stop she ) -- this be perfect . jule ( read she iPad ) yeah . ( cell ring ) and everything you hear in the car be strictly confidential , okay ? BEN go without sayin’ . jule ( answer cell ) hi Mom ... she place the call on speakerphone while type on she iPad . jules' mom ( 0.s. ) I find you ! jule yeah ... what 's up ? how 's everything ? jules' mom everything 's comin’ along . you dad and I be finally put together all we research at the hospital . jule ( type ) that great ... jules' mom I hear you type ... ( Jules type more softly ) we have be study woman under 40 who sleep less than six hour a night ... jule ( suddenly interested ) and ? what have you find out ? 40 . jules' mom seem they be approximately 38 % more likely to experience major weight gain and 11 % more likely to become obese compare with woman who sleep 7 hour a night . jule ( look down at herself ) be you kid I ! you know I have not sleep in two year . jules' mom I can not change the fact , dear . jule ( type ) a look , Mom , I be rush into the city for a meeting and I need to prepare . can I call you when I get home ? jules' mom you do not have to . jule okay . Love you . jules' mom thank you . Ben can not help but react to that . Jules look into the rear view mirror . Ben 's eye be steady on the road . ping . Jules click on face time on she iPad . it 's candice . candice how we do ? do you look over the material on sheekey ? jule I do ... cmo travelocity , citigroup ... I get it . he 's major . candice he be . and the best thing about he be he 's be watch we and he love what we be do . but he 's only one of the name on the list , so if you do not like he , we move on . but try to be open . he 's suppose to be kind of brilliant and the VC 's love he . a lot . 41 . jule acchhh . Mark Zuckerberg never bring in a ceo . and he be a teenager . Ben agree . tries not to nod . Jules notice . candice call I after ! BEN open jules' car door we be on park avenue . Jules step out of the car . jule this should not take more than a hour , if you can not stay here , I ’‘1l call Becky and she 'il find you , then just pull up and -- BEN -- I will be here . jule oh. ( almost to herself ) I think I forget to eat today . BEN should I pick you up some sushi ? jule no , I eat too much mercury . i’1l be fine . I be good . I be also kinda nauseous , so ... Jules 's eye go up to the skyscraper in front of she , then look to Ben , a bit self - conscious . Ben give she a '' go get ‘em '' kind of fist-move . she acknowledge it , nod . int . plush office suite - moment later Jules follow a Assistant down a long corridor . she 's nervous , she palm hit the side of she leg , heart pound . the Assistant show she into a large office where eric sheekey stand with he back to the door . he hang up from a call and turn in Jules 's direction . Jules catch Eric 's ready smile and dimple he 's a bit too proud of . they shake hand but all Jules see be : eric 's hair . he use a product that give he a wet look . one strand strategically fall on he forehead . 42 . eric Jules ! because of Jules 's state of mind , she catch only piece of what Eric say . jump cut tell the story . eric ( cont would ) congratulation . you be a great merchant and a passionate visionary . ( Jules force a smile ) but let 's look at where you be from 30,000 foot , shall we ? ( Jules be find it hard to swallow ) you have have you arm wrap around the business really well -- until the last two quarter . but what everyone want be a long term sustainable business and at this point , we still need hyper-growth . so what 's the plan to make that happen for ctf ? Jules start to answer but a cough come out instead . Eric pour water from a sleek water pitcher and hold the pitcher up a little too high , the water flow in slow mo , right into the glass . we both know 90 % of all tech company fail so you be go to need I , or someone like I to get you over this hump . we also know mobile be the future ... you need a plan for that and you need it six month ago . ( hand Jules the glass of water ) -- you have relentless perseverance , Jules , I will give you that , but that 's not enough to get you where you need to be . my role will be to keep my head out of the cyclone , provide insight , direction and stability . I have be right here before . ( Jules shift she position ) now I have some great people I would like to bring over with I -- very smart , very pedigree have . different level . ( Jules wipe she upper lip - different level ??? ) I guarantee you by next quarter we will do far more than make the train at ctf run on time . ( more ) 43 . ( cont would ) ( Jules drink the water ) I have watch what you be do Jules and it 's exciting . you obsessive focus on the customer serve you well , I see it in all the data , but the money 's never there until it 's there . so , take the next step , strengthen you infrastructure and make some change -- and next year at this time , you will be kill it and right where you should be -- hangin’ with the big boy . that 's a promise . as Eric end he speech he eye land on Jules 's thigh -- she skirt have hike up a little too far . Jules catch he look . he do not have the decency to look away . jule - walking quickly - ext . build plaza camera rush to keep up with she . she stop at the curb , she eye search when the suv pull right up to she . slam Jules , safe in the backseat of the car , catch she breath . BEN that be fast . jule not fast enough . Jules purell she hand , notice a brown bag next to she seat . open it . BEN I pick you up some soup from a place I know . jule thanks , really , you do not ... ( open the bag ) -- oh , it smell so good . Jules open the container , dip in the spoon , have some . jule ( cont would ) highlight of my day . Jules phone ring . she hit speaker . jule ( cont would ) Word travel fast . 44 . candice ( 0.s. ) pretty short meeting . jule yeah . I hate he . Ben react . Ben try candice ( 0.s. ) really ? I hear he 's so wonderful . jule he be -- in a loathsome sort of way . not to smile . candice ( 0.s. ) what go wrong ? jule I think he be a condescending sexist know - it - all who do not seem to get what we do , at all , and honestly , I think he have run we company in a completely inorganic way that would lose we all the customer we have kill ourselves to get . and I also think he have replace we as soon as he could . swear to God . and worst of all -- never blink . a olympian non-blinker . candice ( 0.s. ) okay , then . jule yeah ... ( eat she soup , candice wait ) do you hear my idea about put bow on the box , base on that gift thing that customer say . that would be good , right ? candice ( 0.s. ) we have a dozen ribbon on you desk to pick from . jule thanks ... ( Jules soften ) see you in the a.m .? candice ( 0.s. ) be there or be square . 45 . jule I be sorry . candice ( 0.s. ) do not be . Ben nod to himself . he look in the rear view mirror . Jules lean back , close she eye . ext . park slope - sunset the suv pull up in front of a beautiful but aging townhouse . this 19th century facade be lean and white with a tall black door . jule ( as she get out ) thanks for help out with Mike today and get I chicken soup -- oh , and clean up that cubicle ... that be awesome . seriously . BEN you be very welcome . Ben start to say something , decide not to . Jules move to the passenger window , peer in . jule -- it 's okay . I really will not bite . BEN you start this business a year and a half ago by yourself and now you have a staff of 250 people . remember who do that . jule who ? I be kid . thank you . BEN and I hate to say it but -- try to get some sleep . Jules smile in a very tired kind of way . Ben watch as Jules climb the stair to she front door . the door open and to Ben 's surprise Jules 's family greet her . newly energize , Jules run to greet she 4 year old daughter , paige . paige fly into Jules 's arm . Ben watch , a bit strike that Jules be a Mom . he have no idea . behind paige be Jules 's husband , matt , in jeans , t-shirt , open flannel shirt . Matt have a adorable smile and a immediate feel of authenticity about he . 46 . Jules turn back , wave good night to Ben . Ben wave back . BEN ( cont have ) ( drive off ) over the hump . int . jules' townhouse - moment later the house be partially under construction . Jules carry paige into : the kitchen the only room downstairs that 's be finish . Long open shelf , a island , a farm table . pot and pan be on the stove . play - doh spread across the island . paige guess what ? maddie say she do not want to be my friend anymore . jule oh , I do not think she mean that , she would miss you too much . ( paige nod , agree ) matt ( hand Jules a glass of wine ) I be convinced maddie be bipolar . we go through this every other day . how be you meeting ? it be today , right ? jule ( sip the wine ) just have it . paige ( indicate play - doh ) daddy , can we finish ? matt let I talk to mommy for a sec . paige mommy I think I be win , look ! Matt and paige be in a play - doh cake challenge . jule which one be yours , let I guess . ( paige smile at Matt ) well , I love the pink one so much -- 47 . paige that 's mine ! be you happy at I ? jule so happy at you . Beyond happy at you ! paige daddy help I with the icing . jule good job guy . so , what 's for din , it smell so good . paige Turkey burger . but we eat ours . matt sorry . we be starve . paige we be . but we will sit with you , do not worry . jule thank you angel . how ' bout I give you you bath first . matt ( do dish ) -- wait . tell I , I be wait for you to call . do you like the guy or ..? jule think he be not the right fit . for I . kinda scary actually . ( Matt look disappointed ) there 's a lot more name on the list , so ... Matt nod as Jules ponder why he have want this . int . ben' kitchen - same time Ben take leftover out of the fridge . a django reinhardt CD play while Anderson Cooper be on mute . Ben be clearly feel upbeat as he playfully hit he Voice mail on he phone . mile ( 0.s. ) Ben ! have not see you in day . BEN that 's right , homey , Ben 's get a job ! 48. next -- Patty , the woman Ben run into at Trader Joe 's . patty ( 0.s. ) oh , you be never home ! what be y-- never mind ! oh. it 's Patty ! ( click ) Ben laugh , then dig in he pocket , bring out Fiona 's card . he cross to the phone , think for a sec , then dial , quickly pour himself a drink and take a sip -- but she answer too quickly . BEN ( swallow fast , then ) Fiona , hi . this be Ben whittaker from -- oh , good to hear you voice too ... ( Ben make a victory fist ) int . paige 's bedroom - later that evening paige be still awake but under the cover . the light be dim . next to she , Jules be asleep , with one of paige 's book open against she chest . Matt step in the doorway . matt ( softly ) Jules ? paige sh-sh ... let she sleep , dad . Matt see that Jules be out cold then cover he disappointment in front of paige . int . matt and jules' bedroom - 11 pm Jules enter and find Matt asleep . she feel badly she 's miss they evening -- she click off kimmel , cross to she side of the bed , get under the cover . she lift she lap - top onto she lap , check she e-mail . matt I try to stay up . jule I know . I be sorry I fall asleep in there . I pass out . ( Matt do not answer , could be back asleep ) I know we have a plan to have a grow - up conversation tonight . ( Matt open one eye ) do you understand what 's happen in Yemen ? I be kid ... I mean , I ( more ) 49 . jule ( cont would ) do not understand it , but ... ( Matt shut he eye ) want to Netflix something ? silence . disappointed , she resume type . matt sorry . fell out for a sec . paige learn to say '' humongous '' today . crack I up . but I think I be ready for she to start school full time . I hate to sound like the other mom but I be feel I need a little '' I '' time . jule I know ... she wait . he do not answer . seem to be back asleep . he turn on he side , away from her . Jules move she computer off she lap , sidle up behind Matt , kiss he neck . no response . jule ( cont would ) anybody home ? matt can not keep my eye open , jule . we will do it tomorrow , k? jule ( move back to she side ) how many night in a row have one of we say that ? Matt turn to Jules , take she hand . she look at he , hopefully . matt can you turn out you light ? Jules turn out she light . the screen go black . int . BEN 's bedroom - the next morning - still dark a ringing phone wake Ben from a dead sleep . on he nightstand , we see the book -- twitter for dummy . BEN hello . becky ( 0.s. ) hey Ben , it 's Becky . from Jules ' office . 50 . BEN ( look at he clock - it 's 5:30 ) hey , what 's up ? becky ( 0.s . ) Jules 's driver be mia . he 's not answer any of my text . I know you drive Jules yesterday and I do not hear any complaint , so can you pick she up this morning ? BEN sure . becky ( 0.s. ) you know where she life ? BEN ( be she kid ? ) I be there yesterday . becky ( 0.s. ) okay , so you remember ? BEN yes. becky ( 0.s. ) ( loudly ) and you be hearing I , right ? ( Ben roll he eye ) Ben !!! BEN loud and clear , boss . becky ( 0.s. ) okay , so be there at 7:45 , ring the bell and walk away . she ’1ll know it 's you . BEN Ring bell , walk away . get it . BEN 's finger on jules' door bell he ring , wait a sec . BEN -- oh. walk away . just as Ben turn to walk away the door open . Ben turn back , Matt be at the door . 51 . matt hi , you be here for Jules ? BEN yes , hi . sorry . i’1l wait in the car . matt she 's on the phone ... want to come in ? just make some coffee . ( Ben hesitates ) could be a while . ( offer he hand ) I be Matt . BEN Ben whittaker . pagie ( 0.s. ) daddy ! matt come on in , watch you step . Ben pause in the entry as he hear Jules 's Voice upstairs . int . kitchen paige sit at the island , eat oatmeal and play a game on a iPad . matt have a seat , Ben . paige this be Ben . he work with mommy . Ben take a seat on the stool next to paige . Matt hand Ben a mug of coffee then start pack paige 's lunch box . BEN ( to paige ) hi ... paige ( show he she iPad ) I be play princess memory game . BEN look like you be about to win . paige ( finish with a touch ) I do ! he give she a thumb up . 52 . paige ( cont would ) you want to play one time ? BEN -- sure . paige hand the iPad to Ben . he play as they chat . matt you be Jules 's new driver ? BEN no , actually , I be she intern . Matt pause from he sandwich make , try not to react . paige that 's hysterical . matt you know what a intern be ? paige no. BEN that 's okay , everyone think it 's hysterical . paige point out two match tiarras on the iPad . BEN ( cont have ) oh , good one . thanks . with that , Jules enter dress for work , carry a cup of coffee , some clothes for dry clean and she heel . she stop a bit short , surprised to see Ben sit at the island , drink coffee and play princess memory game . jule .-. ' Morning . BEN ( feel she unease ) good morning . matt more coffee , Ben ? BEN no , I be good , thank you , Matt . Ben do not know if he should stay or go . Jules drop she dry clean on the counter as she slip on she heel . 53 . matt all dry clean ? jule ( feel expose in front of Ben ) uh , this three be , this be laundry and this button be loose , if they could ... thanks . to keep busy , Ben continue play the game which chime as he go . Jules look over -- really ? Ben mute it . matt Jules , before you leave , gotta go over a couple of thing . jule okay . ( surprise paige by show she a headband ) found it ! it be in you hamper ! ( paige be thrilled ) matty , do a ctf box arrive for I ? matt on the table . ( Jules cross to it , open it ) BEN I think I x11 just ... paige ( whisper ) Ben ... ( Ben turn to she ) you want a raisin ? she hand he one . he eat it . Jules meanwhile be examine the content of the ctf box . matt okay , tonight ... ( Jules take a photo of the content of the box ) be you listen or do I lose you ? -- Ben , be she listen ? Ben do not know what to say . jule totally listen . I order some stuff to check on how it arrive . not great by the way . go ahead . Ben slip subject : realize 54 . matt okay , tonight you be work so paige and I be go to my Mom 's for dinner . after school be Ruby 's birthday party ... a look at he phone , see a e-mail from Fiona - look fwd 2 tonite ! Ben be disappointed , he now have to work this evening . matt ( cont would ) and what about Monday ? do you know yet if we can do dinner with Annie and robby ? jule I be so slam next week ... ( see Matt be exasperate ) I be sorry . if you want to go , I 'il be there . when be it ? matt see what man have become Ben ? we be the new ball and chain . BEN ( laugh to be polite then rise ) thank you for the coffee . ( to paige ) thanks for let I play ... ( to Jules ) meet you in the car ? jule actually I have to go ... ( lift paige ) C ’mon sweetie . Ben , we be go to drop paige at school , okay ? Matt hand Ben paige 's lunch box . int . suv paige sit to she , of BEN ( take it ) let 's do it . - moving - day 's in she car-seat look at a book . Jules be next n she iPad , answer e-mail . BEN Matt seem like a terrific guy . ( Jules look up ) sorry do not mean to interrupt . 55 . jule ( back to she e-mail ) that 's okay . I agree . he be . paige who ? the dad ? jule ( laugh , then to Ben ) that 's what the other kid call he because he 's the only dad in a sea of mom . BEN I have read about this house - husband . interesting , how that all work just now . jule they actually prefer to be call stay-at -home dad . BEN oh , sorry . do not know that . well , it 's very admirable . he 's a real 21st century father . jule yes , he be , which beat my 20th century father , by a long shot . ( stop type ) Matt have a really good job in marketing but when ctf take off , he leave to be a full - time dad . save we butt . Jules and Ben 's eye meet in the rear view mirror . Ben nod , not want to go on too much about this . Jules return to she iPad . write a email to candice . jule email cc - Love if you would transfer Ben to another team . k? ( look outside ) oh . we be here big girl ! ext . pre - school - following Jules walk paige toward the other kid and mom at the gate . the other mom notice Jules be '' drive '' to school , eye each other about that , then turn away . Ben notice they chilly behavior as Jules approach they . 56 . mom # 1 Jules , nice to see you here . ( Jules do not react to she lack of subtlety ) not sure if you see we e-mail , but we be do a fiesta lunch next Friday and we think you could bring the guacamole but you probably will not have time to make it , so you can buy it -- which will be fine . enough for 18 . jule I can make it . not a problem . mom # 2 great . Matt can bring it . jule ( keep a lid on it ) totally ... Jules look to paige who have miss none of this . she kneel next to she , hand she a little stuff dog and she lunch . jule ( cont would ) have a great day , honey and have fun at Ruby 's party , okay ? paige mommy do you know how to make guacamole ? you can tell I the truth . jule yes , I do . really well ! we ’1ll make it together , okay ? follow by a mother - daughter dance party ... paige nod with a big smile . a worried - look little girl in braid watch they stand behind one of the mom . jule ( cont would ) ( to the girl ) hey maddie , what 's up ? ( maddie duck behind she Mom ) paige bipolar . jule ohmygod . . ( hug paige . ) I love you big girl . 57 . the car door slam Jules hit the backseat hard . jule God ! take the high road be exhaust ! it 's 2013 , be we really still critical of work mom ?! seriously ? still ? ( to Ben ) I be sorry . that be all rhetorical . no need to respond . BEN be not go to . as Ben pull into traffic . Jules notice candice have write she back . candice 's email transfer Ben ? really ? why ? jule type I do not know . too observant . Jules rub she temple then turn she attention to the ctf BOX next to she . jule oh ! Ben , I want to stop at the warehouse . 480 greenpoint . Ben move into the left lane . jule ( cont would ) no , no , make a right . 9th to Hamilton to the Expressway . BEN I think we should take 4th to flatbush . much faster . jule it will not be . BEN by 12 minute . at least . ( see she in the rearview ) can I try ? ext . ctf warehouse - greenpoint - day the suv sit in front of a block long warehouse with the letter ctf on the outside . 58 . int . suv jule I apologize . BEN no need . they both open they car door at the same time . int . warehouse - moment later Endless row of shelving unit . worker on golf cart . a enormous table in the center where mostly latina female worker fold the clothes , toss they in plastic bag and box they . Ben stand near the door , shaking hand with the Foreman , then catch Jules show the worker the photo on she iphone . she then demonstrate what she want by carefully fold the clothes herself and neatly place they in bag . she make a joke and the woman around the table laugh . Ben can not help but be impressed . samba music begins . ext . ctf - a little later - establishing - music continue int . ctf 's massage room - music continue the wall be cover in ethnic fabric . the room be dimly light . Fiona light a candle when there 's a knock on the door . fiona it 's open . the door open , Ben stand tentatively in the hallway . fiona ( cont would ) Ben ! come on in . BEN ( enter ) wow , do not expect this . fiona I like to think of it as a little bit of paradise . can I interest you in a back rub ? BEN oh , no , no thanks . I come by because I just find out I have to work late -- 59 . fiona awww ... then , no dinner tonight ? BEN sorry . I be really look forward to it . be hope we could pick another night . fiona of course . come sit down . Ben check he watch , then sit in a comfy chair as Fiona light another candle then sit on a stool at Ben 's foot . fiona ( cont would ) what about a foot massage ? BEN ( giggle , try to resist ) during office hour ? fiona that 's kinda the point . ( point to Ben 's foot ) May I ? Ben nod as Fiona slip off he shoe , then gently roll he sock down and off . Ben slide down a bit in he chair . BEN it 's already pretty good . fiona all I have do be take off you sock . BEN yeah , well , no one 's ever do that better . ( then , as she begin ) whoa ! Fiona have place oil in she hand and have take Ben 's right foot between she palm and massage it deeply . Ben 's die . fiona try to relax . you can shut you eye if you want . Ben nod , shut he eye as the massage continue , the candle flicker and the samba slow down . wow ... fiona ( cont would ) so when would you like to reschedule ? 60 . BEN tomorrow ? fiona can not tomorrow . what about Saturday ? BEN good . oh , God , this be enormously .... satisfy . ( open one eye ) what time should I pick you up ? fiona how 's noon ? I love daytime date . BEN lunch . perfect . it 's sooner . fiona ( laugh , then ) so how 's it go ? how 's Jules ? BEN her world 's a fascinating one to fall into . hope I can help she . fiona help she ? BEN she work on all cylinder all the time . do not stop , do not sleep ... never see she eat . maybe it 's good that I be here , you know ... fiona ( stop massage for a sec ) I know you be gonna be a good guy . I know it ! Ben look at Fiona , smile . she massage he deeply . oh boy . BEN this can not be okay to do at work . he rest he head back , close he eye . the massage just get better and better . Ben almost lose it - big moan . just then , Davis open the door , see candlelight , hear Ben moan and Fiona hunch over he . Ben and Fiona both turn , look catch . davis ohmygod ! I be sorry ! oh , jeez . okay do not stop . I be leave ! 61 . he can not get out the door fast enough . int . office - end of the day most of the intern have leave for the day . Ben sit at he desk , review a apartment lease for Davis . BEN I do not know , kid , this lease do not look so hot to I . Three month security deposit ? you must love the place . davis no , it 's horrible but I can get in this week . BEN if you can keep look I would . ( look up , notice a jittery Lewis ) what 's up Lewis ? I have never see you so awake . lewis I be just ask to deliver this huge order to tribeca and I think it 's to jay Z 's apartment . I be not kid . look -- it say , S. Carter , I be a little freak out . BEN I do not know who that be but be this someone you would like to impress ? lewis this be a genius , Ben and he 's get the hot chick in the game -- beyonce could potentially answer the door . BEN okay , I know who she be . maybe you should put on a proper shirt , with a collar . lewis why , do I look bad ? BEN -- dress to impress Lewis . go in the closet , find a '' boyfriend shirt '' that fit . and try to bring the hair down . 62 . jason ( join ) Benjamin , I make some progress . BEN very big day for the intern team . jason it be great , she yell at I but - BEN -- she yell at I all the time too . jason hey , it be communication . the guy high five . Lewis re-enter , wear a girl 's '' boyfriend shirt '' -- show himself to Ben . lewis I be possibly meeting jay Z and or beyonce and I be in a blouse . BEN wear it dude . it 's a improvement . jason ( shocked at how good he look ) whoa . Big one . ext . ctf build - night - establishing int . office - same time the place be nearly empty . Jules be work alone in she Conference room , take a bite of a slice of pizza . she notice Ben , way across the field of desk , also eat . angle - BEN type slowly at he computer and eat a Subway . he notice Jules approach , carry a pizza box and two bottle of beer . he wonder where she 's head . jule ( arrive at he desk ) I hate eat alone . BEN so do I . Jules offer Ben a beer , pull up a chair . 63 . jule I swipe this from the tech fridge . BEN Nice goi no. ( toast she ) cheer . jule want a slice ? BEN sure . thanks . ( tread lightly ) I notice a couple of hour ago you have a meeting with another possible ceo . saw he arrive . how have that go ? jule be go well until he call we , I believe the term he use be a '' chick site . '' then I do not hear anything he say after that . BEN nooo . jule apparently sell '' clothes '' make we a chick site . I mean , really ? how be this not legit ? BEN could not agree more . I find that ... surprising . jule sexism in business ? really ? ( take a swig of she beer ) what do you do for work Ben , before you retire ? BEN I be a vp for dex one . jule «+ . phone book ? BEN I be in charge of printing , before that run sale and advertising . jule so big job ... ( Ben nod ) wait , be not this a factory that ( more ) 64 . jule ( cont would ) make phone book ..? ( Ben smile ... ) no ! what ? this be where you work ? BEN for almost forty year . ( Jules can not believe it ) for twenty - some year I sit right by that window . that be my office . it be up a few step back then . I could look out over the whole factory . we printing press be in that corner . that 's why the floor dip back there . jule nooooo .... BEN I know everything about this building . or use to . you know the sycamore out front ? jule yeah , I love they . BEN I remember the day they be plant . jule ( wipe a tear ) be it totally weird be back here ? BEN no , feel like home . remodel but home . jule ( take a sip of beer , notice Ben 's screen ) so you be on Facebook , huh ? BEN well , I be try to figure it out . I join ten minute ago . jule better late than never . want some help ? BEN I have love some but , really , you do not have to waste you time . 65 . jule -- I need a diversion . you have a photo of yourself ? BEN no , do I need one ? jule ( take out she phone ) if you want to find all that hotty from high school . hold on . ( take Ben 's photo , look at it ) cute . I 'il send it to you . okay , now there 's this question for you profile that you can answer if you want or not . ( scan they ) Religious belief , political belief , people who inspire you ... BEN Jules ostin . ( Jules shoot he a look ) I be not try to brown - nose you , but I have be in business a long time and have never run across anyone quite like you . you do inspire , Jules . jule you know what ? I just know a woman at the end of the day with a glass of wine and a laptop have real shopping potential . and if we actually promise she thing would fit ... BEN see -- that 's what I mean . jule ( change subject , read he screen ) okay do you have a favorite quote ? BEN I do . you be never wrong to do the right thing . jule who say that -- you ? BEN yes , but Mark twain say it first . Jules laugh as she type the quote into Ben 's profile . 66 . jule favorite music ? BEN oh , jeez . Sam cooke -- one my all time fave . Love mile Davis , billie holiday ... jule she be great , huh ? hold on ... ( go on itune ) what 's you favorite song of hers ? BEN this foolish thing . Jules busy the song and it begins . jule transport you , do not it ? BEN every time . jule okay . book ? BEN Love clancy . ludlum . crazy about Harry Potter . jule ( type that in ) Matt love Harry Potter too . jule ( cont would ) what about you status ? married , single ...? BEN widower . jule oh , I be sorry . I think we should say single then ... okay , now you know what you need ? ( Ben look to she ) someone to friend . BEN I will be friend with the other intern . they 's 1ll show I how to do it the morning . jule you can friend I . 67 . BEN thank you . Jules type in she name and confirm . jule okay , congrat -- you be now part of the Facebook generation . ( finish she beer , rise ) I have get about another hour of work . you good with that ? BEN of course . this be great , Jules . jule yeah , nice to have a adult conversation with a adult man . you know what I mean , not about work and not about ... BEN I know what you mean . Jules nod and awkwardly wave , head back . ext . jules' house - later that night the suv pull quietly in front of the house . int . suv - same time Jules be out cold in the backseat and make a racket -- snore . Ben do not know if he should wake she . he sit , wait , try not to listen but it 's so loud . another car pass and Jules startles awake . jule oh . we be here . oh ... ( straighten up ) sorry . be I snore ? BEN no , no , just sleep . jule oh , then I be snore . sorry about that . you know my parent be sleep researcher and they have study my sleep my whole life . ( gather she thing ) apparently my rem be all screw up or the ratio of my flow - volume curve and my ... ( more ) 68 . jule ( cont would ) ( stop herself , then ... ) fun gettin’ to know I , right ? BEN it be . you need some help back there ? jule no , I be good . ( Ben exit , Jules let herself out - they meet on the curb , she lose she balance , he catch she ) thank you . I never fall asleep in the car so that be actually amazing . apologize about the racket . BEN barely notice . jule I will pretend I believe you . ( look up at she house ) I love this house . it 's gonna be great when we be do . it just look happy to I . like if it be in a kid 's book , it would make you feel good when you turn the page and see it . know what I mean ? BEN I do . jule well . ( salute ) sayonara . BEN sayonara . Ben watch until Jules be safely inside the house . int . jule bedroom - later Jules exit she bathroom in she pj 's , and slide into bed next to Matt who be asleep . she turn toward Matt . he stir . matt do not hear you come in . jule you know ... I be think ... ( Matt open he eye ) we need some awake time together . Matt nod , kiss she . just what she need . jule ( cont would ) yeah ... and that too . 69 . Matt kiss she more deeply . her eye fill up as she kiss he back and they begin to make love . ext . jules' house - the next morning Jules exit she front door and see the suv wait at the curb . she squint at Ben , wonder why he do not ring the bell . int . backseat Jules get in , cheerier than we have see she before . jule ' Morning . doris , one of the other new senior intern , sit behind the wheel and turn to Jules . doris good morning . I be doris . they ask I to drive you today . all set back there ? seat belt fastened ? jule where 's Ben ? doris somebody say he get transfer . you know the best way to get to headquarters ? without look , doris pull into the STREET , a car swerve around she honking . doris ( cont would ) hold you horse , maniac ! ( turn back to Jules ) which way , hon ? I be all turn around here . honnnkkkkk . 70 . close - candice walk through the office on she cell . candice you tell I to transfer he ! jule - drive the suv doris be in the backseat . jule ( into she phone ) -- that be 2 day ago ! why do not you check with I ? candice first of all , it be yesterday ... jule where be he , do you know ? int . starbucks - brooklyn - same time Ben be wait at the '' pick up '' end of the counter , stand between two other office-schlepper . this recent turn of event have leave he look and feel uncomfortable . his name be call and he 's hand two take out trays of coffee . just as he take they , he look across the crowded shop and spot Jules rush through the door . jule ( see Ben , cross to he ) you must think I be dement . BEN not the word I would use , but I be a little surprised when I get the call . Jules , I apologize if I overstep in some way ... jule -- no , no , no . no , do not apologize . you do nothing wrong . look , I have a lot go on , and I be a really private person and at first , I do not know , I think maybe this be not go to work but I be wrong . let I take one of that . ( take one of the trays ) BEN Jules , no explanation necessary . 71 . jule no , actually one be , Ben , ' cause I be usually better than this . the truth be , something about you make I feel calm or more center or Zen , and I can use that . obviously . I hope you will accept my apology and come back to work . for I . if you would .... ( Ben almost hesitates ) and I be not just say this because I screw up but I be think this morning , I have like to move you up to my area , next to Becky . I know you can handle more work , if you would like more . God , I really hate that I jump the gun and make you feel -- BEN I be happy to come back . jule thank you . ( catch she breath ) that 's great . can I give you a lift back to the office ? BEN sure . jule ( as they walk away together ) you mind drive ? I do not actually have a license . int . office - later that day Jason and kiko be add a new desk right next to Becky who be freaking out . Ben arrive hold he briefcase , keyboard , a few file and thing . becky -- this be crazy Ben . two desk be not go to fit in here . BEN I promise to stay out of you way . becky that 's impossible , I have no room to -- ( shut up when Jules arrive ) 72 . jule hi . this be good , right ? I like this arrangement . Becky , I want you to let Ben give you a hand , okay ? and cc he on all my e-mail . ( Becky nod ) do we get yesterday 's number ? becky yes . we do . I see they here . Becky look all over she messy desk . can not find they . Ben spot the sheet with the number and indicate to Becky where it be with he eye . Becky follow , hand they to Jules . becky ( cont would ) here you go . jule thanks . also , I need to go over the data on the customer purchase pattern . let Ben take a look at that too . actually let Ben take a look at it first . ( this throw Becky ) do not worry beck . back up 's good . ping I when candice get in . Jules head off . as soon as she 's out of sight , Becky break down in tear . Ben motion for Jason to go to she . Jason nervously walk to Becky and she collapse into he . he put he arm around she , thrilled but not sure what to say . BEN Becky . .? becky ( turn to Ben ) I have be here 9 month , Ben , and she 's never ask I to take a look at anything for she . ever. okay ? BEN I hear ya . that 's frustrating . becky totally ! I go to Penn , I have a business degree but I never seem to do anything right around here and you be like 50 year older than I and deaf and ... ( collapse into Jason - he 's so happy ) BEN ( sneak Jason he hanky ) I happen to think you do a lot of thing right . 73 . jason ( offer Becky the hanky ) you do . so much . becky ( use the hanky ) I know that , but she do not . I bust my ass for she 14 hour a day . she never notice . ohmygod , I hate girl that cry at work . ( back away from Jason ) break news ... my life suck ! BEN how about if you , just as a experiment , try let I help you . a lot of you stress be go to be lift once you be out from under this mountain of work . ( she start to say something ) and maybe you should consider leave here at a normal hour once in a while , see you friend , have a little fun . jason I can offer my assistance in this area . would love to actually . becky I just do not want she to think I can not do my job and need a '' intern '' to help I . BEN okay ... you be not go to want to hear this , but I hear woman who sleep less than 7 hour a night gain 38 % more weight than woman who sleep more than 7 hour a night . becky ( sobbing now ) what ?! I leave here every night at 11 , I be back at 7 , I sleep like 5 hour a night . now I be go to get fat ?!! BEN ( indicate she stack of work ) let 's get through this stuff . let 's do it together . let 's clean slate it . Jason pat she arm just to punctuate . 74 . int . conference room - later Jules , candice and a small group be intently huddle around a lap top . they be watch a live ctf map of the U.S. that show purchase as they happen . icon of Shopping bag pop up in Miami , tuscon , Chicago , etc . candice ( watch a sale ) thank you St. Louis . jule okay , look at Chicago , she put the same boot in she cart as the woman in Houston . let 's see what she do at check out . what ?! she 's not buy they either . check the delivery cost on that boot , will you ? why be not they sell ? Ben gently knock on the open door . Jules turn to he . BEN I take a look at the data purchase pattern ... shall I come back ? jule no , no , come on in . that be fast . BEN well , I enlist Becky 's help . seem the most expensive place you be advertising be actually bring you the customer who be spend the least and the channel you be least invest in be add enormous value in segment that currently appear to have low value but actually have the high spend potential ... ( everyone stare in awe ) that 's what I could tell . so far . jule whoa . Ben ! could you like deal with all that for I ? maybe come up with a better plan ? I mean , if you have the time . BEN happy to . candice love that Jules be delegate . she smile at Jules . jule the man spend 40 year in business . 75 . candice I get it . BEN and Jules . Becky be a huge help in this . you know she have a business degree from Penn . jule I know . I mean , I forget , but I know . ( Ben do not let she off the the hook ) I will say something to she . BEN that 'il be major . ( Ben exit ) the woman in the room , just watch after he . love he . a large duffel land near BEN 's desk - later davis o.s. how 's it goin 's up here in first class ? BEN ( send off a e-mail ) busy . I see you find a apartment . davis nope . my two week be up . I be move in with my cousin . BEN excellent . davis in Philadelphia . BEN Davis ! davis what ? it 's only for a few week . I will get there by eleven , leave at five . that 's cool . I can do it . BEN I feel like everybody 's uncle around here ... davis why ? 76 . BEN because I be go to save you ass , and put you up for a few week ... obviously . Davis grab Ben , hug he , kiss he on the cheek . then kiss he again . BEN ( cont have ) okay , okay ... easy fella ... int . BEN 's den - that night Ben be in a recliner , wear pjs and a robe and Davis be on the couch in sweat . they be watch Sports Center . davis you get the life here , dude . you be a great cook . you get a dream house . Big tv 's in every room . a backyard . you get it make . ( Ben do not answer ) Ben ? still no answer . Davis sit up , stare at Ben . he can only see he from the side . davis ( cont would ) you okay ? ( stand ) Ben ! yo ! ( no response from Ben ) hey , look ! Fiona 's here ! she 's totally naked ! she 's .... still nothing . Davis look at Ben 's hand , which have fall limply at he side . davis ( cont would ) ohmygod . Davis nervously step away from the couch , move closer to Ben -- run he hand in front of Ben 's nose and mouth . do not feel a thing . davis ( cont would ) ( scream ) BEN ! I !!! Ben jerk awake . Davis leap back , grab he heart . davis ( cont would ) oh , fu - -! thank God ! you be alive ! BEN -- what be wrong with you ? davis you scared I . we be talk , drink beer and then suddenly radio silence . and you hand look so out of it . BEN Jesus Christ , Davis . I doze off . if I die , you will know . davis very funny . and obviously I will not , but ... oh , man , be I relieved . I be not the right person to find a dead body . BEN I be start to understand why you parent kick you out . I be go to hit the hay . do not check on I . davis I will not , I promise , but can I sit in the recliner or be that like off limit for anyone but .. BEN -- be my guest . ( rise , notice something on the table ) why would you put you beer next to the coaster ? davis ( move it onto the coaster ) you be right . I be sorry . so where be the master quarter ? just so I know in case of any ... ( off Ben 's look ) it be not on the tour . I be curious . int . BEN 's bedroom the boy admire the well make bed . davis I like that you do the throw pillow thing . BEN I be marry for a very long time . davis whoa ! be that you closet ? 78 . the boy enter BEN 's closet . organize , color coordinate , and bigger than you would think . davis ( cont would ) busy man about town ! what be in all this drawer ? BEN boxer , t-shirt , pocket square , handkerchief ... davis okay , what 's the deal with the handkerchief ? that one I just do not get , at all . BEN it 's essential . that you generation do not know that be criminal . the best reason to carry a handkerchief be to lend it . ask Jason about this . woman cry , Davis . we carry it for they . one of the last vestige of the chivalrous go . ( Davis be enamoure ) I know you want to hang , but I have to go to sleep , kid . I be poope . ( pat Davis shoulder ) ' sleep tight . davis night Ben . thank you ! ( hug he hard ) will you wake I in the morning or be that ask too much ? my parent always -- BEN too much . the boy exit in different direction as Ben turn out the light . we stay in the dark .. davis ( 0.s. ) understood . i’1l set the alarm on my phone ... I just hope I hear it . I be a deep ... BEN ( 0.s. ) -- ohmygod . I x11 wake you ! davis ( 0.s. ) thank you . Love you ! not kid . 79 . int . jule & matt 's kitchen - the next a.m. Matt be pack paige 's lunch . paige and Ben sit side - by - side at the island , eat pancake . a few work folder sit by Ben 's plate . paige ( to Ben ) can you pour I more syrup please ? ( Ben pour ) perfect . good job . Ben and Matt laugh as Jules enter . jule ( 0.s. ) oh , boy ! ( fix herself coffee ) okay , so this really big ceo name townsend , the one everyone say would never be interested in we , because we be not big enough for he ... matt / BEN ( at the same time ) -- yeah ? matt we be like you sister - wife . jule ( laugh , then ) well , we just find out -- he 's beyond interested . matt excite . Ben look from Matt to Jules . Jules and Ben connect for a split second . jule yeah , maybe . everyone 's flipping out , but you know I be still on the fence at best , but anyway , only thing be , I have to go to San Francisco to meet he . he can not get here . matt ( hand she pancake ) when do you have to go ? jule the only day he could meet be next Thursday . want to come ? maybe we could stay for the weekend ? 80. matt ( look at fridge calendar ) sound good but ... I can not . paige be snack leader on Thursday and I be suppose to be in the class with she . it 's kind of a big deal . jule right . no , I forget . matt maybe Ben could go with you . paige yeah . dat 's a good idea . jule guy , Ben have a life . BEN -- not really . ( Jules look over at he ) not one that take I to San Francisco . if you want the company , I have love to go . jule really ? BEN definitely . paige guess what Ben ? today my dad be go to be Ariel , it 's he turn . BEN that 's good , right ? matt you think find a ceo be a big deal ? here the big negotiation be about who get to be Ariel when we play Little mermaid and , just for the record , it 's never be my turn . this be huge . I get to comb my hair with a fork ... play with gadget and gizmo a-plenty ... paige giggle as Jules look lovingly at Matt , almost teary - eye . Ben pick up on this , smile to himself when Jules 's phone ring and break the moment . int . suv - moving quckly - shortly after Ben , behind the wheel . Jules on speaker phone with candice . 81 . jule -- so guy how long ' till we get it fix ? I mean , if you can not zoom in , you probably will not buy . Ben nod , agree . they exchange look in the rear view . candice 0o.s. first couple of hour be already down 23 % . BEN oh , boy . jule I will be there in like ... BEN -- six minute . candice 0o.s. we be on it . jule Ben , do you have the info on the friend shopping together ... Ben hand Jules a folder as she 2nd cell ring . she quickly answer as she peruse the folder . jule ( cont would ) this be Jules . jules' mom ( on speaker ) what 's wrong ? jule oh , Mom . hi . oh , I just find out the zoom link ... the button you click on to zoom in on a photo be not work . jules' mom that do not sound like a big deal . jule actually it be ... it 's how people get a closer look at what they be buy . everyone zoom in . jules' mom -- oh , I guess I do not go to you website enough to know that . Jules make a incredulous face at the phone , then start type a e-mail to Matt as she other phone ring 82 . close - e-mail to matt click . jules' email Matt -- question . why be my mother always such a raging bitch ? jules' mom type and ringing .... jule ( look at 2nd phone ) yeah , sorry . it 's the warehouse . can I call you back Mom ? jules' mom no need . jule okay . Love you . jules' mom yep . Ben 's eye widen . jule ( to herself ) who say yep to I love you ? Ben can not disagree on that one . Jules continue she e-mail . jules' e-mail she 's seriously f-ed up . how do I turn out so normal ? ( she add a - '' ish '' to normal , answer phone ) jule hey alonzo . latino voice Jules , I have not good news . jule Lay it on I . latino voice in a routine check by the sanitation department , they find one bed bug in the warehouse . jule noooo ! alonzo unfortunately , yes . we send out 4800 box yesterday . we have to ( more ) 83 . alonzo ( cont would ) get they all back , shut down the warehouse , spray for bedbug , then we can start shipping again . jule / BEN nightmare ! as Ben pull up in front of ctf , Jules grab she bag then realize she do not send Matt she e-mail about she Mom . she type in m for the start of Matt 's name , look out the window at ctf and instead of clicking on matt 's e-mail address , accidentally , click on mom 's e-mail address . distract , she push send . int . office - moment later Jules , walk hyper - fast through the office . Ben be a few pace behind she . suddenly , she stop , sense she might have do something awful . jule no no no no no ! Jules look at she phone , check she last sent e-mail and sees she accidentally sent the '' my mother 's such a bitch '' e- mail to she mother . she gasp , look up as Ben join she . int . big conference room - moment later at least 20 techy be scramble into the room for a emergency meeting . Jules pace at the head of the room , wash she hand with purell . Ben stand to the side as candice and Becky join . jule I know the Zoom 's break and I do not mean to take anyone off of that but ... I need a favor . I , accidentally send a e-mail to the wrong person and she 's at work right now and I know she do not check she personal e-mail until she get home at 5:30 , so I have until then to figure out how to delete it because if this person see this e- mail , it will be ... horrible and on top of that , she have a slight heart condition and I think this could possibly be not good for that , so , I be rely on you good grace and brilliance to figure out how to save my ass . ( a few laugh ) please tell I there 's a way . 84 . techie # 1 be you two on the same server ? jule I be on gmail she 's on earthlink . mumble from the crowd . earthlink ?? jule ( cont would ) okay , whatever . the guy talk amongst themselves . argue it out . techie # 2 truthfully Jules , it 's pretty impossible to hack into a server . ( Jules sink ) techie # 3 and you definitely do not know she password ? jule no idea . Ben cross to the front of the room , join Jules , turn she away from the crowd . BEN I think there 's only one thing you can do . jule what ? tell I . I be die . BEN I think I and the boy take off , break into you Mom 's house and steal she computer . jule break in and steal she computer ?!! be you kid I ?! ( he 's not ) that 's fuck genius . ext . STREET - new haven , conn . - day Jules 's suv make its way into a suburban neighborhood . gps voice ( 0.s. ) turn right in 300 yard . 85 . int . jules' suv - moving - same time Ben 's drive . Jason be next to he . in the backseat , Davis and Lewis . Davis be now wear a tie , a la Ben . jason Little do gps Lady know she 's a accomplice to a crime . BEN the woman have a heart condition , think of it as a good deed . davis I never think you have be a bad influence on I , whittaker . BEN relax fella , this be go to be painless . the key be under a flower pot , we go in , we delete , we disappear . lewis she do not have a alarm , right ? BEN no she do not . jason and what if we need a password to get onto she e-mail . then what ? BEN then we take the computer . Jules say she would buy she a new one so it 's a win / win . gps voice you have reach you destination in 100 yard . lewis this be like a ocean movie . Ben 's the older guy in the big glass ... jason elliot gould . come on ... lewis Jason -- you be clooney . jason thank you . 86 . lewis I be Matt damon ' cause I be kind of a outsider . davis who be I ? lewis you be Ben affleck 's brother . davis why be not I Brad Pitt ? lewis I think that 's self explanatory . BEN okay , clooney , you be behind the wheel . keep the engine run and you eye open . damon , affleck 's brother , you be with I . Three car door open at the same time . too many flower pot sit at the back door . the boy start lift they all . Davis find the key . the key be inserted into the lock . as soon as the boy enter the kitchen , they hear a beeping SOUND . they look around , spot a alarm keypad on the wall . davis great plan so far . fuck ! BEN Davis , call Becky . Davis quickly dial , hand he phone to Ben . lewis if we do not know the code , this be go to turn into a alarm in 60 second . BEN ( into phone ) Becky , put Jules on , it 's -- ( can not believe it ) -- she put I on hold . what be wrong with that girl ? davis ( start to panic ) this be so not good . what be we suppose to do ? 87 . BEN start look for the computer . ( they go off together ) separately ! ( into phone ) -- Becky ! do not screw around . put Jules on , it 's a emergency . interrupt she ! ( wipe he brow ) Jules ! you mother have a alarm . yes she do , I be in she kitchen and it 's about to go off . what 's the code ? angle jule rush outside of the Conference room , on she cell jule I have no idea . Ben , listen to I . back at the house Davis enter the kitchen , without the computer . shrug . intercut jule and BEN - jule on speakerphone jule -- I know this woman , trust I , that 's a fake alarm she buy from some infomercial or something . it 's not connect . it 's just to scare off burglar . davis ( freaking out ) it 's do a good job . jule my parent would never pay for a burglar alarm , . they be the cheapest people in America . BEN ( maybe believe she ) it have not turn into a alarm yet ... still beep . jule -- that 's cause it 's a fake . trust I on this . have you find the computer ? Lewis re-enter , empty hand . 88 . camera follows as they all rush up the stair , in and out of bedroom . then : lewis ( 0.s. ) found it ! davis ( 0.s. ) get it ! both guy arrive in the upstair hallway , hold laptop . BEN ( into phone ) we find two . which one be hers ? the white one or the silver one ? jule ( try to remember ) White one or silver one ? White one or silver one ? I do not know . becky ( join ) you Mom 's computer ? it 's white . ( Jules hesitates ) I get it fix for she once . I be positive . jule the white one ! Lewis hand the white computer to Ben . just then the alarm goe off full blast . jule ( cont would ) oh my God ! davis I know there be no such thing as a fake alarm ! we be get arrest . that 's it . we be dead . we fingerprint be all over this place . jule Ben , do you see the e-mail ? Ben be now in a chair , the computer on a table next to he . BEN ( open the computer ) not yet . davis double time it dude ! Lewis take over at the computer . 89 . lewis found it ! ( read ) why 1s my mother always such a raging bitch ? subject : she 's a terrorist . Ben react to the e-mail . jule yes ! delete it ! lewis it 's go . jule now from the trash . as Lewis delete from the trash , we hear a police siren . all the guy look up . BEN Davis , where have you find this ? davis under the bed . right side . Lewis take off with the computer , come right back . lewis which right side ? davis right side face the bed . ( Lewis exit ) oh , God , we be so screw . my life be over . I be go to be a felon and I have not even commit a crime . you be old , whittaker , they 's 11l let out for good behavior , but the rest of we -- BEN Davis ! pull it together . can not you hear how far away that be . we have get at least 30 second until they be here . davis it take you 30 second to stand up ! no offense , but fast be not one of you speed . how will I explain this to my parent ? they will not get break and -- BEN twenty second . 90 . Davis fly out of frame as Lewis return . all three run down the stair as fast as they can . jason - in the suv be listen to lil Wayne very loudly . he 's look out he window away from the house oblivious to the siren . behind he we see Lewis , Davis and Ben , sprint to the car . when they reach the car , the door be locked . they bang on the car door . Jason do not react . Davis throws himself on the hood of the car . davis open the fuck door !!!!1!! Jason leap , flip the unlock door switch . the guy jump in . Davis have to slide off the hood and run to catch up . close - 5 tequila shot five hand enter frame and lift they up . int . bar - brooklyn - night Jules and the four guy take the tequila shot . it 's not easy for any of they . davis ( to Ben ) you be a crazy son-of - a- bitch , you know that ? BEN I do not actually . I be sure my blood pressure be through the roof , but ... ( suck on he lime ) -- it be worth it . jule guy , I can not , literally can not , thank you enough for what you just do . it be so above and beyond and brave and loyal ! I be indebted to you forever . ( to bartender ) I ' 1l have another . ( to guy ) anybody else ? gl . Jason and Lewis nod . davis sure. ( to bartender ) but can I just get a half this time ? the bartender shoot he a look and pour he a half a shot . Ben watch Jules throw hers back and then quickly bite she lime wedge . BEN Jules ! jule I know . I can drink . it 's a thing about I . so what be you name again ? I never want to not know you . jason I be Jason . I have work for you about a year . I have deliver thing to you home . I have meet Matt a bunch of time . I tie you daughter 's shoe once . jule of course I have see you around , I just do not know you name . ( to Davis ) and you be new , right ? davis yeah . I be Davis , I start the same day as Ben . we be pretty much besty and I be also he mentee . he give I this tie for example . it be he . it 's vintage . Ben shake he head , although amused . jule I like it . Love man in tie . and you be Lewis . I could hear a little over the phone . you be very cool under pressure . lewis it be my first heist but I try to be chill . thanks for notice . jule boy , what can I say ? sorry , do not mean to call you boy . no one call man '' man '' anymore . have you ( more ) 92 . jule ( cont would ) notice ? woman go from Girls to woman and man go from Men to boy . this be a problem . in the big picture . know what I mean ? ( they do not . she indicate one more drink to bartender ) BEN another ? you sure about that ? jule yup . here 's my theory about this - we all grow up during the '' take you daughter to work Day '' thing , right ? ( they nod , although they be not sure ) so we be always tell we could do anything , be anything . and I think somehow the boy get , maybe not leave behind but not quite as nurture . we have Oprah , you know . I wonder sometimes how guy fit in ... they seem to still be try to figure it all out . still dress like little boy , still play video game . ( take she next shot ) as she suck on she lime , Ben wish she have slow down . BEN oh , boy ... jule here 's another thing . you ever notice how the husband on every commercial on tv be always such a dope ? have it always be that way or be the '' husband '' the new dumb blonde ? in one generation man go from guy like Al pacino and Harrison Ford to ... she pause as she indicate the guy who wish they be not stand there in T-shirt and hoodies . jule ( cont would ) look at Ben here . a die breed ... look and learn ' cause if you ask I ... ( point to Ben ) this be what cool be . BEN thanks Ace . you be not go to drink anymore , right ? 93. jule I mean ... call I Ace ... Super - cool , right ? okay , I be officially a little dizzy , have not eat . I apologize for the tirade . I be gonna have to go but I be forever in you debt , gentleman ... another word that 's never use anymore . let 's bring it back , shall we ? Ben , I will be uber-ing home . she start to tip over . Ben catch she . jule ( cont would ) and that be what a gentleman do for a lady . ext . bar - night Jules be just finish throw up in a trash can as Ben hold back she hair . jule achhh . I be so sorry . I be fine now ... ( throw up again ) oh , God ... Ben hand Jules he handkerchief . she wipe she mouth . jule ( cont would ) have not do that since college . thank you ... oh , man ... ( look at Ben ) you know what you be ...? BEN uh , no . jule you be a actual wonderful person . and I do not know many of that . ( Ben appreciate this but seem more concerned with how she be ) very sorry you have to see this . humiliate . BEN it 's all good . you feelin’ any better ? jule yeah . I be good now . I be fine . 94 . she clean she hand with purell then extend she hand to Ben . he shake it . Jules can not help herself , she fold into he , lean on he , rest she head on he chest . she do not move . jule ( cont would ) leave in a minute . just work on make this the worst night possible for you ... ( finally pull away ) BEN not at all . ( she look up to he ... ) you have have a stressful day . a town car pull up . jule how be it you always manage to say the right thing , do the right thing , be the right thing ? it 's uncanny . ( with a gentle salute ) thank you and ...... BEN ( salute she ) sayanora . jule absolutely . Ben nod as Jules duck into the cab and it take off . ext . brooklyn STREET - saturday afternoon amongst the Saturday shopper , we find Ben and Fiona . Ben 's in a suit , Fiona , in a dress and heel . Ben 's walk be noticeably more jaunty . BEN really so nice of you to do this . most woman would have just reschedule . fiona not to worry . I understand . they stop at they destination . BEN it be unexpected . Fiona nod as they turn and enter a funeral home . 95 . int . funeral home - same time Ben and Fiona make they way down the center aisle . there 's a lot of elbow go on so all can take a gander . Ben and Fiona take seat next to Ben 's friend mile . mile check out Fiona . mile ( tickle ) benjie , you bring a date to a funeral ! unreal . BEN we have plan . who know this be go to -- mile lean over Ben and shake Fiona 's hand . mile how do you do ? I be mile . fiona hello . Fiona . so sorry for you loss . mile ( see only she cleavage ) thank you dear . ( to Ben ) wowza . Fiona obviously hear this . Ben look at she , embarrassed and then be startle when he catch Patty pomerantz directly across the aisle stare he down . just then the rear door to the chapel OPEN and the casket be wheeled into the room , down the center aisle , and past the mourner . everyone stand . Ben let out a sigh . Fiona take he hand . Ben look back at Patty who have not take she eye off of he . he offer she a small '' do not hate I '' smile . she raise she middle finger and start to say the fu -- of fuck you as the casket move past and block she word . once the casket pass , she finger come down but we get the message . ext . STREET - brooklyn - day Ben and Fiona turn a corner from a residential street onto a street line with shop . Fiona hold a pink bakery box . Fiona I never go to a shiva before . the laughter be wonderful and I do not think I have ever eat more ... I be not even sure how I leave with a box of cookie . 96 . BEN you be a big hit . give the widow that back massage -- win move . fiona she need it . BEN I definitely think it 's a good idea to take all first date toa funeral . Real ice breaker , do not you think ? fiona I know you be kid but honestly , who need the strain of the dinner date and the '' why be not you marry '' conversation . at we age it 's not even possible to catch up . Ben stop , let other pass around they . Ben and Fiona stand face to face . BEN I can do I in ten second . ready ? widower . one son . two grand -kid . spend my life manufacturing phone book which now no longer have a function . I be currently work as a intern , havin 's a ball and best news be , I have a crush on a girl I meet at work . fiona ( love that , then ) I be sorry you lose you wife ... okay ... ( point to herself ) divorce . Three beautiful daughter . one grandchild , a boy , on the way . I be sick a few year back . I be not anymore . I be a in - house e-commerce masseuse . Love my job and I finally meet a man I actually want to hang out with . camera rise as Ben and Fiona continue talk and share a laugh , walk off together . dissolve to dusk where Ben and Fiona cross a tree-line residential street . Ben take Fiona 's hand , she smile at he as they walk away from we and down the street , chat , completely at ease with one another . 97 . ext . jules' house - morning the door open to reveal Matt , in a robe , messy hair . he look awful . he routinely hand Ben a mug of coffee . BEN ( take the coffee ) hey buddy , you do not look so great . matt believe I , I look better than I feel . do I feel hot to you ? BEN ( enter , feel Matt 's forehead ) not too bad . matt good . I do not want the girl to get this . you see the knick last night ? BEN they be on fire . o.s. , we hear paige crying . they enter the kitchen . paige sit on she regular counter stool , sobbing . Jules be try to get she to eat she oatmeal . Ben take he seat next to paige . BEN ( cont have ) what 's with the waterwork , Little one ? jule I just tell she the sitter 's go to have to take she to maddie 's birthday party today ' cause Matt 's sick ... paige ( tearfully ) -- but I do not want to go with the sitter . Ben , can you take I ? ( between sob ) please ...? jule awww , honey , I be sorry , but Ben have to go to work today . paige dramatically throw she head down on the counter , sobbing . her little shoulder shake . Ben can not take it . 98 . BEN Jules , come on , it 'il take a hour . ( whisper ) lemme take she ... Matt indicate -- let he do it . Jules feel badly ask , but ... int . suv - moving - day BEN ( drive , mid-argument ) -- I can not believe we be still go through this . I be go the right way . please , have a little trust . angle - the back seat paige be in she car seat , look up from she toy computer . paige but the park where the party be -- ( look outside ) oh , actually this be it . ( return to computer ) BEN ( shake he head ) like a clone . ext . prospect park play area - moment later a dozen mom and they 4 Year old . Ben arrive hold paige 's hand and carry a gift . the mom who give Jules a hard time at school be all here and silently comment to one another about paige 's escort . BEN ( whisper to paige ) which one be maddie ? paige ( whisper ) the one in the pink . Ben look over at a group of kid and see ten Little Girls huddle together all wear pink . paige ( cont would ) you can sit with the other mom , okay ? 99 . BEN okay . want to give maddie she present ? paige rush off as Ben join the mom on the bench . BEN ( cont have ) hi. I be Ben , I be help Matt and Jules out today . mom # 2 oh , be you Matt 's dad ? BEN no , no , I work for Jules . one of the Mom 's mumble to another -- that can not be fun . BEN ( cont have ) ( catch she drift ) hmmm ? mom # 1 oh , nothing , I have hear she 's , you know , kind of '' tough . '' ( the other mom agree ) BEN tough ? Jules ? she 's a total bad ass . guess that 's how she become a internet sensation . ( see woman be uncomfortable ) must make you proud , huh ? one of you own out there every day crash the glass ceiling of the tech world . so -- bravo ! good for she . right ? mom # 1 ( eat shit ) yeah ...no ... for sure . Ben raise he fist in solidarity . paige run to Ben , cuddle up next to he . BEN what 's up kiddo ? paige I do not feel good . BEN want to sit on my lap ? paige nod . Ben lift she onto he lap , feel she forehead . 100 . mom # 2 if she 's sick , she probably should not be here . mom # 2 's daughter head for paige . her Mom grab she arm , yank she back . BEN tough crowd , paigey . should we hit the road ? paige do that mean leave ? int . suv - moving - park slope - shortly after paige now seem fine and energetic as they drive down Jules 's street . paige I spy with my little eye ... something ... blue ! BEN be it the car next to we ? paige no . BEN be it that dog leash ? paige no ! BEN be it the sky ? paige yes ! you get one ! you turn ben. as Ben near the house , he sees Matt , look entirely better and bound down the front step in a GREEN t-shirt . BEN okay , I have a good one . I spy with my little eye - something green ... paige ( look the opposite way , yawn ) be it that tree ? BEN nope. 101 . paige be it that front door ? well , that 's kinda green . Ben watch as Matt smile and wave to someone in a waiting suv . curious , Ben get a little closer and see it 's a woman with dark hair . Matt get in the woman 's car and they immediately kiss and then kiss again and again . angle - BEN dumbstruck . he 's now dangerously close to the woman 's car . he slow down as Matt and the woman separate , go back for one more kiss , then drive off . paige -- be it Ben ? be it that front door ? BEN yeah , it be . good girl . Ben can not process what he just witness . he 's momentarily freeze . a car honk at he . snap to , he turn at the corner , look in the rear view and see paige nodd off . Ben pull over , park under a tree , try to compute what he just see . just then , a text from jule . he look at he phone : text how 's it go ? thank you ! :) Ben 's finger tremble but he manage to type back : a- ok . then , add a exclamation point before shutting he eye for a quick sec . his heart race , he can not seem to focus . and then he hear something familiar . he look up at the rear view and see paige be snore . he look at she sweet little face and feel a new find pain just at the sight of she . ext . jules' house - a hour later Ben walk up the step carry a sleep paige . Matt open the door in a new change of clothes . matt awww . thanks so much ben. int . paige 's room Ben lie paige on she bed then Matt pull up she cover . Matt turn toward Ben and find Ben stare at he . Matt wonder why . 102 . int . CENTER hall Ben cross to the front door . matt can I get you something before you go ? Cup of coffee , bite of something to -- BEN I be good . thanks . matt how be she ? do not give you any trouble ? BEN she be perfect . she be not feel so great at the party so we ... we leave a little early then she fall asleep so I just hang out in the car and let she get ina nap . she sleep good ... matt so nice of you . thank you . Matt get a text , take out he phone , quickly look at it , return the phone to he pocket . look up guiltily . BEN you seem like you be feel more with it ... matt ( hate lie ) yeah . just need a little downtime , I guess or maybe I be not that sick , I do not know . ( Ben nod ... ) Ben , I want to ask you , what 's you take on this whole ceo thing ? you be more on the inside than I be . BEN I know Jules be try to do right by everybody - the investor , the company ... you ... she 's get a lot on she shoulder . the pressure 's unreal . matt be I wrong to hope it happen ? I mean , I want what she want but you know what it 's like around here -- ( more ) 103 . matt ( cont would ) we do not see she enough . maybe this will fix that . BEN a ceo 's go to fix ... what 's go on here , Matt ? ( Matt stop cold ) whatever she decide ... ( wipe he eye ... ) I just , I want it to be good for she , I want she to be happy . ( eye landing on Matt ) matt of course . Ben nod , he eye steady on Matt . int . ctf - afternoon Ben wend he way through the office , pre-occupy , look a bit want . he pass Lewis who be clean shaven , get a bit of a hair cut and be wear a tie and carry a briefcase exactly like ben' . Ben do not notice . lewis Benjamin , dude , what do you think ? ( Ben 's not sure what he mean ) of my man look . I get so many compliment , it 's crazy . and check this out ... ( hold up briefcase ) -- find it on e-bay . you be right , total classic . BEN ( half -heart ) you look awesome , kid . across the office , Ben notice a small crowd have gather to sing '' happy birthday . '' he see Jules be part of the crowd , smile , sing . he take a deep breath at the sight of she . Jules give the birthday girl a hug , then spot Ben . BEN click on he e-mail he have ton . his desk be now stack with paperwork . jule ( 0.s. ) how would it go ? Jules lean on Ben 's desk , eat a piece of cake and hand Ben a piece . 104 . BEN you have a great kid , Jules . she be adorable . jule awww . thank you so much for do that . so -- you excited about go to San Francisco tomorrow ? ( Ben wipe he brow with he hankie , he 's have trouble have eye contact with Jules ) you okay ? BEN yeah . jule oh , man , I hope you do not have what Matt have . BEN I do not . jule you sure ? BEN positive . ( take a small pill ) jule what 's that ? BEN blood pressure . take it everyday . jule you sure you be okay ' cause you do not look like you . you be all flushed . why do not you go see Fiona , the masseuse , and just chill for a little . davis ( walk by , notice Ben mop he brow ) what 's up ? you okay Ben ? you seem to be slightly malfunction . Ben roll he eye as Becky join . jule ( cont 'd ) do he look right to you ? 105 . BEN okay , thank you . I think we be good here . get a lot of work to do . becky be it he coloring ? BEN oh my God , you be all nut . I ’ma hundred percent . l let 's move on kid . Big day , lot to do . jule Ben , if I be give you too much to do or wear you out , please do not think you have to go with I to - BEN -- Jules , people my age get tired sometimes . that 's all this be . jule you be tired ? that 's why you have not look at I once since I walk over here . BEN ( turn to she ) I be look at you . she realize he 's look at she for the first time . becky Jules , candice be on the phone . jule if you do not feel good later or tonight or ... ( Ben drop he head ... ) I be just sayin 's ... I can go by myself tomorrow . I be a big girl . I will be fine . int . plane - in the AIR —- the next day Ben and Jules in first class , both have work on they tray table . Jules be on she iPad . Ben be stare at she . burst , but not talk . jule ( finally , turn to he ) okay ! seriously . Ben ! what - be - it !?! 106 . BEN ( give up ) you know , I be a sensitive man . I do not look it , people do not think that about I . but I be . under all this man stuff that you so admire , I be just a big bowl of mush . jule I know that . BEN okay ! ( calming himself down ) jule that 's it ? that 's what 24 hour of crazy come to ? that you be a sensitive bowl of mush . BEN Jules . ( almost tell she what he know , change he mind ) Jules , what be we doin’ here ? we get the day off . we be travelin 's in first class . ( start pack up he papers ) let 's at least have a little fun . jule okay ! that I get . she snap she iPad case shut , call for the Flight attendant . int . plane - a little later Jules and Ben be mid-meal and get refill on they wine . Jules be tell Ben a story and laugh so hard , she can not get the story out . Ben be die laugh . can not catch he breath . he laugh , wiping away tear as Jules continue . later —- ready to land Jules and Ben put they seat in the upright position . Jules take a deep breath . BEN you okay ? jule yeah . just think , tomorrow I meet the guy who may become my boss . a lot of people have boss right ? most people have boss ! 107 . BEN Jules , it 's simple . if you think townsend be go to be good for you and good for the company , then do it and if not ... jule -- exactly . just because I come here ... BEN right .. do not mean .... jule ( nod ) I agree . do you think I can take a xanex if I have two glass of wine a hour ago ? BEN I would wait another couple of hour . Jules nod . as they prepare to land , Jules close she eye , kiss she fingertip , touch she eye , nod she head , count to four then mumble something that end in the word amen . Ben watch . jule it 's a thing I do when I land . we be good now . ext . four season san francisco - night int . jule HOTEL room - same time Jules have wet hair , she 's in the hotel robe and on she iPad . tv be on in the b.g.. suddenly there 's a loud siren - like beeping come from the hallway . Jules look up sharply . int . BEN 's room - same time - the beeping continue Ben be asleep with a open book on he chest . his eye pop open . ext . four season HOTEL - night a hundred or so Hotel guest have gather on the street dress in everything from bath towel to tuxedo . Jules , in she robe and wet hair , push through the crowd , relieved to spot Ben walk toward she in he pj 's and robe . 108 . jule this alarm go off be not a good omen about this guy . it 's a sign , Ben . BEN I be pretty sure it 's not . you have not take the xanax yet . jule you tell I to wait two hour . you travel with you own robe ? HOTEL manager lady and gentleman , a smoke alarm go off in one of we room but the problem have be take care of . we sincerest apology . jule yep . two hundred people , 4 elevator . definitely a sign . iceberg ahead . int . HOTEL hallway - moment later Ben walk Jules to she room . jule thanks for escort I back . want to see my room ? ( Jules open she door . Ben peek in ) I mean do you actually want to come in ? I have a tea kettle , we could have tea ... ( then ) I be ridiculously nervous about tomorrow . int . jules' HOTEL room - moment later Jules be pour hot water into two mug . jule you lie down , I know you be tired and I nil sit in the chair . Ben catch the reflection of Jules 's bare leg in the mirror and look away . he lie on the edge of the bed , one foot plant on the floor . Jules join he on the bed . BEN I think you be go to sit in the chair . 109 . jule please let I be here . I need to lay down too . Ben shake he head as Jules join he on the bed . a bit awkward as they lie next to one another . jule ( cont would ) we do not have to talk about work or anything ... BEN alright . what should we talk about ? jule Marriage ? ( Ben get nervous , look over at she ) will you tell I about you wife ? she be great , right ? BEN she be . Molly be she name . she be a middle school principal . belove . jule so perfect . Long marriage ? BEN not long enough . thirty - eight year . jule wow . what be that like ? BEN you know when people say they want to grow old together ? ( Jules nod ) well , we do it . we meet when we be 20 . I be 20 . she be 19 . what be amazing be that she never really change . that 's a hard thing to pull off . she handle life like it be easy . always ... even when it be not . jule God , I envy that . ( Ben smile , Jules cross to the Mini bar ) you hungry ? we have get gummy bear . chocolate chip cookie . pringles . she grab everything and take it all back to the bed . 110 . BEN you know that be like $ 15 each . jule Benjamin , I run a very big internet company . let 's go crazy . so ... BEN ( laugh , eat gummy bear ) so ..? jule I get a weird one for you . Matt be cheating on I . BEN ( almost choke ) you know about this ? jule what do that mean ? you know about it ? BEN ( hate say this ) I see they together . jule oh , God . when ? BEN yesterday . I be sorry . it be a accident that I see they but I do . jule yesterday ?! oh , okay , so , it be still go on . ( slink down in bed ) I be think maybe it be wind down . fuck ! Excuse I . BEN it 's okay . jule thanks . fuck !!! BEN how long have you know ? jule for like 18 day . she 's a Mom at paige 's school . it 's still so hard for I to grasp . I be in the kitchen make sandwich and he phone be sit there , he be ( more ) 111 . jule ( cont would ) upstairs with paige and he keep get all this text . I do not know why , but I read they . ( start to cry ) it be not good . I think my heart be go to stop . they have little nickname for each other . she send he a photo which be now forever implant in my brain ... I guess cell phone be go to do in all guy eventually . BEN do he know you know ? jule no ... because , honestly I be not really ready to deal with it . I would like to be a little less devastate if that 's possible . it 's classic , though , be not it ? the successful wife 's husband feel ignore , he manhood be threaten so he act out . the girlfriend I guess make he feel more like a man . sometimes I think maybe I do not know how to do the -- make he feel like a man thing , you know ? and anyway , be that even what I be suppose to do ? I mean , that 's a exhaust endeavor . BEN wait , wait wait . hold on . you be not actually take the rap for any this , be you ? jule no. no ! he 's do something bad . no ! monogom-ish be not what I be go for . I be just try to wait it out for a sec . I be hope it 's just a horrible lapse in judgment and not like , love -- and once he get it out of he system , we will be able to eventually be okay again . what do you think of that ? ( off Ben 's look ) clearly you do not think that 's a possible thing . BEN it would be unusual . jule I get not everybody could do that but everybody 's not we . I have hope for we ' cause I believe he ( more ) 112 . jule ( cont would ) still love I and we be go through a lot right now and ... God , I wish all of you expression be not so transparent . some couple do survive this thing . anyway , there 's something to be say for get through it . put value on we and not the affair . also , I know you want to say something , here 's the last thing -- I do not want to give up on he ' cause I know he and I know he know better . but I be only human , so I be obviously so mad at he ... ( try to pull it together ) so much have happen to we so fast , maybe I be somehow even expect this . you know he be the more successful when we start out ... BEN no , do not know that . jule yeah . he be . he be a rise star ... I be sure this be why I be even entertaining this whole ceo thing ... think maybe it will let I get my life back on track but -- BEN -- oh , God , okay , that 's it ! ( make the time out sign ) I hate to be the feminist here , between the two of we , but you should be able to have a huge career and be brilliant without have to accept you husband be have a affair as some kind of payback . jule right on . BEN I mean it . jule I too . but such be life , my friend . BEN no it be not . not always . and I be really mad at he too . except I be not so forgive . 113 . jule I be not so forgive . I be say I could potentially be forgive . but do not think I do not feel what 's happen here . it 's crush . and when I think of paige ... BEN oh , do not ... jule also , I know if we get a divorce , he would remarry , not necessarily to this girl , but someone and we know I be not easy , so I could be like single forever which mean and forgive I but I think about this sometimes in the middle of the night ... ( cover she face ... ) BEN what ?? jule -- that I do not want to be bury alone . paige will be with she husband , Matt will be with he new family and I 'il be bury with stranger . i’1ll be in the single stranger section of the cemetery . abhhhhh . not that that 's a reason to stay together , that 's just a scary side bar ... BEN okay , let 's take that one off you plate . you can be bury with I and Molly . I happen to have room . okay ? jule ( so touch , tear stream ) thank you . so much . and to think I do not even want to hire you ... BEN the one time I do not have my hanky . jule ( wipe she eye on the belt of the robe ) I be okay . you want to see what 's on tv ? just for a few minute ? BEN yeah . I would ... 114 . Jules pick up the remote , click around and be relieved to land on gene Kelly and Debbie reynold dance to '' you be meant for I '' from singin 's in the rain . they watch in silence at the optimism , innocence and youthful beauty on the screen . Ben turn to Jules , see she eye be shutting . Ben watch the movie alone , happy to be lose in another world . int . barber shop - the next a.m. Ben be get a shave . his eye go to the clock on the wall . it 's 9:30 . ext . san francisco STREET - late morning Ben pace in front of a town car when he spot Jules , walk quickly out of the building , wear sunglass . he open the back door of the car . she nod , get in . Ben join she in the backseat . int . car - moving driver to the airport ? jule the airport . silence . BEN do we like he ? jule ( pull out purell ) he say everything right . Said no one know ctf like I . Said he do not want to remove the soul of the company . ( Ben open he palm for a squirt of purell ) he say he do not have a plan , want to watch we and see what work . he be polite , he be respectful , he be super smart and I hire he . BEN seriously ? you do it in the room ? jule he tell I to sleep on it and we will talk tomorrow but I tell he the job be he . we shook hand on it . ( then ) ( more ) 115 . jule ( cont would ) you know if we disagree on something ... he 's the tie breaker . BEN of course . he 's the ceo . jule Matt 'il be happy . Ben lower he window a couple of inch , turn toward the fresh air . int . jules' foyer - that night Matt bound down the stair as Jules enter . he kiss she hello . jule hey . you smell minty . matt I just make mint tea . so? yes ? no ? jule I do it . I like he a lot and I offer he the job . matt wow. really ? ( Matt hug she ) congratulation . jule yeah . I think it 's 1ll be good for we . do we have like any real booze ? like vodka or something ? on the stair - a moment later Jules sit on the stair . Matt join she with two glass of vodka . matt do good for we mean ctf or we ? jule you and I we . if someone else can call some of the shot at work , then maybe we can get back to where we be 18 month ago . they say you can not get the genie back in the bottle , but we can try . right ? Matt turn to she but neither say a word . 116 . int . jule bathroom - that night Jules lie in the bathtub , wipe out . she look over at the sink , see two toothbrush in a cup , then to the back of the door -- Matt 's robe hang on the hook . she shut she eye for a sec , rub she chest , try to calm she breathe . a few of paige 's bath toy sit on the tub ledge . Jules pick up a little frog , wind it up , place it in the tub and watch it flip around . her eye fill with tear . int . bedroom - same time Matt lie across the bottom of the bed , wishing he life be not crumble . he sit up , face the close bathroom door , want to do the right thing , but can not seem to get up and go in there . his phone ping - he have a text . he do not look at it . ext . BEN 's house - early a.m. a cab pull up . Jules step out and walk up the front path just as Davis exit in a suit , carry a brief case . jule wait , you live here ? davis oh. hi! yeah , Ben 's be put I up ' till I find a place . should I tell he you be here ? jule that 's okay , I ’11l knock . Jules knock on the front door and in a sec , Fiona answer . jule ( cont would ) ( stunne ) Fiona ?? fiona ( surprised ) hi Jules . come on in . Fiona open the door and we find Ben , clear the breakfast dish . fiona ( cont would ) I be just on my way to work , I 'il let you two talk . Fiona grab she tote , cross to Ben , give he a kiss on the cheek . Ben smile softly as she head out . now alone with Ben , Jules remain in the live room , a distance away . BEN hi . jule wow . you and Fiona . who know ? BEN she 's a great gal . she surprised I last night . bring over dinner . it 's ... brand new . jule congrat . I love she . Jules pause , put all that together , then roll on . jule ( cont would ) so , I be ready kind of early today . since about four ... and Matt and paige leave a hour ago for a field trip so think I have come by , hope that 's okay . just want to say I sleep on it , I have not call townsend yet but I still think it 's the right thing to do . BEN I do not sleep so well myself . jule over this ? BEN you remember the day I drive you to the warehouse ? you be give I the wrong direction and ... jule I remember . BEN okay , well , I stand in the back and watch you show the worker how to fold and box the clothes . I know then , that be why ctf be a success . no one else be ever go to have that kind of commitment to you company Jules . to I , it 's pretty simple . ctf need you and if you do not mind I say - you need it . someone may come in with more experience than you , but they be never go to know what you know . I never have something ( more ) 117 . 118. BEN ( cont would ) like this in my career . not many people do . this big , beautiful , intricate thing that you create -- it 's a dream be not it ? and you be go to give that up in the hope that you husband will stop have a affair ? I do not see how that add up . you should feel nothing but great about what you have do . do not let anybody take that away from you . ( Jules wipe a tear from she cheek ) I guess you come over here ' cause you want to hear some of this ... jule yeah , I do . and maybe also ' cause you be my ... ( she can not quite say it ) BEN intern . jule I be go to say ... ( mumble ) intern / slash / best friend , but no need to get all sentimental even though we could potentially be bury together . can not get closer than that and I think it 's moment like this when you need someone who you know you can count on . so thank you for that . ( Ben nod ) I like you house so much by the way . BEN thank you . they both take the time to think about what be just say . BEN ( cont have ) so. shall we ? int . ctf - following Ben and Jules get off the elevator together . just another day for everyone else . Becky , look fresh and relaxed greet they , carry a iPad . becky welcome back you two . Jules , get something cool to show you . ( click on a photo ) ( more ) 119 . becky ( cont would ) do you remember take a customer service call about a bride whose bridesmaid 's dress all show up in grey and you have the vendor remake they overnight and we put they on a plane and -- jule -- yeah , yeah ... Rachel ! becky check this out . Becky show Jules a photo of rachel and she bridesmaids line up in they pink dress . jule the silk chiffon antoinette dress . they look beautiful . Jules and Ben arrive at they cubicle . there 's a huge arrangement of peonies on Jules 's desk . she hope they be from Matt . becky also , this just arrive from Ted townsend . here 's the card . jule ( read the card ) get I townsend 's number will you ? Ben watch Jules then check he watch . Jules 's phone ring . jule ( cont would ) this be Jules . hey alonzo , what 's up ? okay , uh-huh , do we need that many ? Jules feel someone stand over she . look up . it 's Matt . he look like he may have run to get here . int . conference room Jules and Matt stand in the Conference room . matt do not do this for I , Jules . please . do what feel right for you . jule oh , God . I want to continue run my company Matt -- you gotta know that . 120 . matt then do it . I do not want you to be unhappy . jule I be already unhappy . that come out too fast to take back . matt because of I ? she look at he in a way that reveal what she 's be go through . his eye fill with tear . jule be it almost over ' cause I do not know how much longer I can -- matt it be over . I love you Jules and I do not know how to say this any better than to tell you how deeply sorry I be . I be so ashamed of myself and what I do to we ... I will do so much better at this . if you will let I . Jules openly cry now . Matt wait for she response , not sure what to do . jule know what would be good ? if you carry a handkerchief . matt I 'il buy some . a long look at one another . so much to say ... jule okay ... and through she exhaustion and tear , the smallest of smile and a nod make they way through . matt thank you ... ( wiping away he tear ) have you call townsend yet because if I ever meet anyone who do not need a boss -- it be you . jule -- I be just about to call he and tell he I change my mind . I ( more ) 121 . jule ( cont would ) mean , we be good here . we will make it . I be gonna make sure we make it . matt good . and maybe you could offer he the job of coo , under you ... let he make the train run on time and report to you . jule he will not take that . matt but somebody will . jule ( wiping she tear ) yeah ... matt I be sorry , Jules , but I gotta get back to the field trip . I be in charge of snack and ... Jules nod and Matt hesitates then hug she in a way that finally relax they both . int . office - moment later Jules quickly zigzag around the desk , arrive at Ben 's desk . he 's not there . jule Becky , where 's Ben ? becky not sure . Said he 's take the day off . int . fiona 's room - dimly lit someone be in the massage chair . the door open , Jules stick she head in . jule Fiona , do you know where Ben be ? ext . prospect park - day Ben 's tai chi group , all in sync , move slowly toward the right , arm raise . Ben be among they . Jules approach . Ben do not see she at first . she join the group , stand awkwardly near ben. 122 . jule ( whisper ) sorry to interrupt . Ben motion for she to be silent , then to get next to he . she do . BEN ( whisper ) extend you leave arm , Jules . Bend you knee , breathe and relax . ( Jules drop she shoulder bag , try it ) for inner balance ... jule ( not quite get it ) be I do it right ? BEN almost . Jules try harder . jule I have something good to tell you . BEN tell I when we be do . jule okay . BEN breathe deeply , Jules ... and as Jules follow Ben and try she best to achieve inner balance , camera drift and slowly we : fade out .